John feels so full, so warm. He wants to come so badly, but he needs his hands to keep himself from skidding across the carpet as he is buggered. He tries to rock into Sherlock’s thrusts, to angle himself so that Sherlock is pounding his sweet spot with every thrust. He’s never come from penetration alone, but maybe, just maybe this time—
“It’s okay,” John says. He’s practically cooing. “You’re okay. Come here.”
Sherlock ignored him, sauntering into the kitchen. His hands were in his coat pockets, calm as you please. John felt like he was about to vibrate out of his skin just watching him.
Your teeth are pretty bloody sharp too you know. Where you bit my bum is throbbing right now.
You said he was your friend, that you knew he had a problem and that you tried to help him but he didn’t want to be helped.
Sherlock gave a low, wordless murmur that John chose to interpret as agreement, although he knew very well it mightn’t have been intended that way. Probably wasn’t, actually. Because everything John had seen of Sherlock said that he was single-minded and persistent and a tiny bit infuriating and nearly as stubborn as John. John foresaw rows about this in the future, complete with storming out and pouting and childish arm-waving. It would be years, probably, before Sherlock finally understood that John wasn’t going anywhere if Sherlock didn’t want him to.
The rest of the flat was silent. Both cats hiding now, startled by the crash, Mrs Hudson assumed, which was quite all right with her. If John and Sherlock weren’t underfoot, then they wouldn’t trod on the glass shards and hurt their little paws. Mrs Hudson could find them both and remove John’s jumper after this mess had been cleaned up.
Sherlock didn’t need any more encouragement, even though it took rather a lot of contortion on his part to keep himself impaled on John’s finger while he buried his face in John’s neck. He wound up half in John’s lap, straddling John’s thigh and bent over him. He bit.
“Asking people about themselves is! But if you don’t want me to, then fine. I’ll shut up.”
Would he? John shifted his weight, then quickly shifted it back when his leg smarted viciously. He had to grab the edge of the desk so he didn’t fall.
His orgasm is… somewhere, he thinks. Not far, but not here. Just a bit closer, a bit more.
: muscular and hulking in a way that makes the beginnings of fear spike in John’s gut and adrenaline pound its rhythm through his body, even though he trusts Sherlock wholeheartedly, knows that Sherlock would stop immediately if John asks.
John brings his hands to either side of Sherlock’s hips, framing his arse and then squeezing, plumping his cheeks. Something in the sight must be appealing, Sherlock assumes, and he tries to shove his bottom up even more, making his arse look as lovely and plump as John wants. He can feel John’s approval: a warm current humming through him.
He still hasn’t got his fill of the scar when John is shrugging off Sherlock’s grip and surging upwards, flipping Sherlock rather impressively onto his back. John’s cock slips out in the move, although Sherlock barely even manages a groan of disappointment before it’s being pushed back in.
When the blows stop suddenly, another set of ten finished, Sherlock is only vaguely aware of it, biting and whimpering into his fist as the skin of his arse continues to sting.
“Please,” John says. His voice is hoarse—he ran out of water a long time ago—and his entire body feels raw. A sob swells in his throat and finds its way from his lips. “I can unbuckle myself, and you can still… please, Sherlock, just fuck me, I need it—”
After a brief, startlingly intense silence, John takes a deep breath. “Fucking hell, Sherlock. Since the very beginning, you’ve been carrying on like some sort of martyr, haven’t you? I’ve been worried I was imagining things and inventing problems where there were none, and meanwhile you’ve been suffering in silence and thinking you’re somehow making everything easier for me.”
“Shh, it’s all right. Let Daddy make it better.”
Sherlock expects John to freeze, pull back, and demand to know why he would want such a thing. Sherlock has written an entire speech to give in response, rubbish about how he’s dreamt of it for years but never felt comfortable enough to ask for it, until now, until
Groaning, Sherlock thrust forwards, rubbing his cock against the pillow, which gave entirely too easily. He repeated the movement, but this time he squeezed the pillow between his thighs, tucked his hips, and slowed his thrust, so that he was dragging the underside of his cock along the pillow. The fabric slipped and bulged, putting pressure everywhere except where he needed it most.
“Please,” she said, loving how breathless, helpless, and irresistible she sounded when she begged. “Please, fuck me.”
But oh, he was a lovely thing, their cat. All grey in colour, quiet, and regal and a bit fat, and although he wasn’t really
“Mrs Hudson?”
Apology accepted.
“Oh piss off. Don’t look at me like that,” John was saying. He’d replaced the lid and tucked the container under one arm. His eyes were narrowed, the line of his mouth harsh. “You can’t make me ashamed of it. It’s all perfectly healthy and normal. I mean, the blindfold and the tickler might’ve been gag gifts, but—”
John’s jaw went slack, his eyes half-lidded in pleasure. He stared up at Sherlock like Sherlock was the most precious thing in his life: his breath, his bones, the most dangerous weapon he would ever hold.
“About what?”
She cut off with a yelp when Sherlock grasped her by the biceps and walked her to the far-left cubicle, where she proceeded to lock them both inside.
more attractive than John had imagined.
Sherlock cuts him off with an indignant huff and begins to sit up. “For god’s sake. No. As I said, I’m
John knew very well that he should have said ‘Piss off’ or ‘Not on your fucking life, mate,’ something that would clearly and unequivocally communicate ‘NO.’ He was well and truly off his trolley if he said anything else.
P.S. Do you still want to try Outskirts in multiplayer mode?
You’ll be the first to know when I reach any.
He said, “Yes,” considerably more coolly than he felt.
“Mm.” Sherlock wet his fingers again and went to work on the other side of John’s mouth. “Mycroft will send someone to deal with all this. I don’t suppose you’d serve time for killing a wanted blood smuggler in self-defence whilst being drained, but let’s avoid the court case, shall we?”
John’s skin feels unnaturally warm, and his mouth goes dry, toes curling in his socks at the thought. “Oh,” he says breathlessly, and sees Sherlock’s lip curl in a smirk.
With a string of contented
that the sight of John injured by Sherlock doesn’t inspire horror or regret, but satisfaction that runs as deep as the Thames. In fact, he should apologise for scratching John, however inadvertent it had been. That’s what normal people do, isn’t it? Apologise when they’ve hurt someone?
First of all, as I am among the majority of people who are put off by long blocks of text and run-on sentences, I couldn’t summon the energy to do more than skim your most recent email. Your first was mostly comprehensible, but perhaps that was an anomaly.
If Sherlock made him explain in detail what had happened, John wasn’t certain he’d be able to answer truthfully.
‘Oh,’ John thought. ‘Christ.’
No, I left at 2. It was a slow day and I was falling asleep again.
The ice makes no immediate difference in the appearance of Sherlock’s neck, nor does the arnica cream. The bites and bruises remain just as blue and violet and blackish, although John’s expression does gradually lighten as the morning goes on.
“It’s okay,” John told him, his voice soft and soothing. “I’m here.”
9:00 a.m.
“Yes,” he says. Realises a second too late that John’s not asked a question to which “yes” is an appropriate response.
He plucked a photograph from the folder and handed it to John. It showed a man and a woman standing together in front of a Christmas tree. Both were grey-haired, pale-white-skinned, and overweight, and both were smiling wanly at the camera.
“Yes, thank you for your assistance,” Sherlock said, nearly shouting. “Now if you don’t mind, I’ve very important plans to ravish John against a hard surface, so if you could get on with it—”
Have you heard of Outskirts?
“So that was okay, then?”
John huffs a laugh, which makes Sherlock smirk proudly. “No, I mean… here. This flat, like this. Sure it’s fine, her and I sleeping in the same room now, but that won’t last much longer.”
As soon as Sherlock was close enough, John reached for him and tugged him into John’s lap.
“So I’ve heard. And you know what I think of that, don’t you?”
John. That John now wore (albeit only temporarily) an imprint of Sherlock’s teeth in her skin, that it might scar (however faintly), that John might carry a remnant of Sherlock on her body for the rest of her life.
Because Sherlock insisted on this, went along with it, although he knew very well that his body wasn’t yet trained to respond to pain as a proper masochist would. Stupid, selfish, and impulsive.
Sherlock was right—John
“You aren’t human anymore,” Sherlock said, voice low. “Perhaps you should try to be less
Sherlock’s lip twitched. “Be sure to address it that way.”
Resolute, she shoved the sensation to the back of her consciousness, focusing entirely on John, who was still thrusting against the heel of her palm. Her cunt made moist smacking sounds, reminiscent of a wet kiss, every time her hips fell back to the mattress.
John doesn’t move in immediately. He takes his time, waffling, kicking at the ashes of his grief and fury, and doubting Sherlock’s sincerity, which is surprisingly fortuitous, as it allows Sherlock to make the necessary preparations.
Then he saw that Sherlock wasn’t breathing harshly like John was, wasn’t breathing at all in fact. He saw that Sherlock’s delighted grin was falling from his lips and he was staring at John’s throat, John’s pulse point, with an awful, chilling intensity. John swallowed, and Sherlock’s eyes followed the movement of his throat keenly.
And John would say, with a fondness as thick as marmite in his voice,
“Dunno. Not that long, I don’t think. I was poking about in the settings.”
He’d been sitting on the floor a year ago, cowering without admitting that he was cowering, as John shook a List (scrawled on a week-old receipt, retrieved from the pocket of his suit jacket) and shouted,
No. Sherlock shook his head, determined. John had kissed him utterly unprompted. John had licked his lips, a sign of arousal. Bisexuality existed. Everything else was noise; Sherlock resolved to ignore it.
The morning after the full moon, John looks like he’s been mauled. His knees are bruised; his lip is split and swollen; he has deep scratches along his back; and the scar from the bullet wound on his left shoulder is puffed up, red, and mottled with dried blood.
“Of course I do. I can read it on you the same as your military career and your sister’s drinking.” Sherlock licked his lips, then offered John a lazy, seductive smile. “I also know that you prefer it
Another quelling glance, this one with a hint of bewilderment. “Of course I won’t.”
Finally,
“Mm. Shall I make it up to you?” Despite Sherlock’s somewhat dour mood, it was easy to add a flirtatious lilt to his voice, to stretch one leg towards John and coyly drag his toes along John’s socks.
He didn’t. Sherlock was bundled under the duvet, drooling on his pillow. The loveliest thing John had seen in…ever, probably.
Mary may not have been angry when she’d been alive. But how could she not be furious now that she was dead?
JohnHWatson: I just think it’s funny you can come across as charming sometimes and a bit of a prick at other times.
arsehole?”
He couldn’t have done that himself when he had been adding his number to the contacts? But maybe SH—Sherlock, John supposed he could call him Sherlock—wanted to be sure that John could manage a passable photo with this phone. With technology, after all, a lot depended on the user.
Another, more languid shrug. “You like coffee. You always ordered it at Speedy’s.”
, Sherlock. It’s stupidly hot. It makes me want to get down on my knees and offer you any orifice you please, but I don’t, do I? Because it’s not the time for it. And that’s fine. I can have you afterwards, a day later or a week later, after the case is done, and it’s just as good as if I’d had you immediately. Do you understand?”
“I’m sorry,” John says anyway, shaking his head. “She… I mean, she’s never been a good sleeper, but it’s been worse since… yeah.”
“Erm. Because I... thought maybe it’d be better if we had some time apart occasionally?”
Which meant that Sherlock was back at square one—and now that he was there, he realised how idiotic it was to pursue this line of inquiry to begin with. As though
“Know that from personal experience, do you?” Sherlock said. She was watching John’s disrobing quite avidly. “And anyway, this is more exciting. Keys are over there, by the way.”
“A hint?” Sherlock reared back, his eyebrows nearly disappearing under his fringe, and oh god why had John said anything? “A hint about
Afterwards, Angelo saw them out with a grin (and an exaggerated wink at John), and on the pavement outside Sherlock hailed them a cab—disgustingly easily, John had never seen a taxi stop so fast—and insisted on holding the door open for John and then clambering in after him.
“All right,” John says, indulgence thick as honey in his voice. “Let’s try five seconds, then, and we can adjust as necessary.”
“Course not. Why would it bother me?”
“Erm. So. How are things?”
“Get up,” said Sherlock, startling John from what seemed the deepest stage of sleep he’d ever experienced.
Unlike John, Mrs Hudson doesn’t seem to hear it for the trite nonsense that it is. She nods. “Does he know about… you know?”
, she thought. She moved to the other side of the table, squinting upwards, and then she saw it.
When John lifted his head again, he found Sherlock staring at him. ‘Predatory’ was the first word that popped into John’s mind, but that wasn’t quite right. There was something beseeching in his expression. Like he was silently begging to be allowed to pick John apart and take him in, bit by bit, until there was nothing of him that existed outside Sherlock.
John, meanwhile, continued to ignore her, tossing the red bow, which was partly shredded now, into the air and scampering towards it when it fell.
A bit yeah. Which is why I thought you might’ve done.
There was the quiet clip of the door being shut, the clack of Mrs Hudson’s low-heeled shoes on the stairs, and then silence.
Am I going to get the ‘Hurt my brother and no one will find your corpse’ speech?
Obvious. Sherlock’s toes wriggled impatiently in his socks.
There are a number of ways to test the functionality of a headset on your own, actually. I’ll write up a short guide and email it to you in a moment, just to be sure.
“Here,” said Sherlock. “Lie down. You can have my wrist.”
He carries her into the living room, John following, and sits with her on the sofa as he did that very first night. John joins him, taking up the same too-close position as then. Sherlock wonders if he thinks about that night as often as Sherlock does.
However, John says none of those things. He only nods curtly and mutters, “Ah. Right.” He flexes the fingers of his left hand once and then clenches them into a tight fist. Sherlock can see from his expression that he feels awkward, uncertain.
control—right up, that is, until the day you weren’t.” He smiles: a tight, forced smile. “Remember that.”
It didn’t, obviously. The pain rang in her voice as clearly as a scream, and oh god. That John wanted it despite the pain, that John was willing to withstand the pain to be marked by Sherlock—that John would hurt and bruise and bleed for Sherlock, would
Although, considering none of the rushing police officers appeared especially frantic or concerned, just busy, the danger mightn’t have been as immediate as John initially feared.
Outskirts probably isn’t a good idea. I’m meant to be conserving money right now, not wasting 20 quid on a video game.
I suppose my thinking was probably influenced by the video game player stereotype, yeah. Mostly though I’m comparing myself to the stereotype and feeling a bit silly for playing video games as a 39 year old. You’re meant to play games as a child, aren’t you, and then outgrow them as you get older. And here I am spending hours every day on them and loving the hell out of it. Also, my sister Harry has been making comments about how pathetic it is, how embarrassing I am, and so on. I think it’s starting to get to me.
When he arrived back at his bedsit, he discovered he’d received an email from PayPal, informing him that the remaining £500 had been sent to him from S. H., along with a message.
His cold, poorly lit, dismal little bedsit.
“All right,” Sherlock said.
His phone was silent then. John abandoned him, going back to the kitchen to do… whatever he’d been doing. Something niggled, lightly at first and then persistently, until it was gnawing relentlessly at him like a vulture feasting on a corpse. He blinked and behind his eyelids there was a flash of Mycroft’s ugliest sneer.
John appeared in the entrance to the bedroom before he could manage. His face was pink, his short hair windswept. His coat and shoes were off, his jumper untucked, and he was breathing sharply through his nose. Frustrated-exasperated-tired.
John hiked one leg instinctively higher on the bed, spreading himself. He’d never done this while he was soft, never even considered it when he wasn’t out of his mind with lust. “Should probably warn you,” he said over his shoulder, “it’ll be at least an hour before I can manage another round.”
“I couldn’t figure out why you’d want to, though,” said John. “Oh.” He half-turned and reached behind himself. When he turned back, he was holding something in his left hand. “Is this yours, by the way?”
“Go on up,” said Mrs Hudson, waving John inside.
“No deductions about sex, Sherlock. Not on, remember?”
“Say it,” said Sherlock. He was somewhere outdoors. The wind was blowing noisily into the receiver.
Usually, Mycroft reserves this sort of treatment for common imbeciles he intends to threaten. Apparently, he has no qualms about subjecting Sherlock to it as well.
He said, “If my tongue isn’t in your arsehole within the next ten minutes, I won’t be responsible for the consequences.”
“I didn’t steal them,” Sherlock replied, in the overly solemn tone that meant she was being a lying little shit.
John smirked. “Just gonna stand there?”
The final rope John wound carefully and loosely around Sherlock’s chest and stomach, entirely for aesthetic effect. The black was a stark contrast to Sherlock’s pale skin, and when it was wrapped entirely around him rather than just restraining him, it somehow made the ropes look more like tentacles to John’s eye. Sherlock was cradled in them, cherished, yet utterly at their mercy.
Thanks. Terribly kind of you to say, you prick.
They’ve gone over this. The same words, even the same inflection. But Sherlock allows himself to be coddled, to be treated like a fragile teacup in danger of shattering, because to argue would be counterproductive. John would argue back and Sherlock would grow impatient and stroppy, and it would prolong the moment when John finally gives in and spanks him properly.
But Sherlock only said, “Of course,” sounding surprised. “Your fat cock in my arsehole.” Rather than disgusted or offended, he sounded impressed by the suggestion, possibly even—oh god—enamoured of the idea. “Oh. John. Would you let me sit on it?”
. Sherlock turns his head back with a moan, closing his eyes and revelling in the thought of John not simply marking him but
John sighed.
“Where did this happen?” He gestured towards John’s forehead, although thankfully didn’t touch it.
Right, of course. Why didn’t I think of that?
So they went to Baker Street, which had been stocked with baby formula months ago. Rosie was mostly asleep by the time they arrived, having cried herself to exhaustion during the trip, but she perked up when she realised where they were.
He stared back, let Sherlock see whatever he wanted, and felt distinctly pleased, even the slightest bit smug, when Sherlock finally admitted, “Not the bed. Too comfortable. I want to be bent over something. Is that… is that all right?”
It’s the pet name, spoken in such a tender tone, that does it. A tangle of sentiment, composed of too many emotions to bother identifying, forms in Sherlock’s throat.
(He was right. Of course. Even in Sherlock’s masturbatory fantasies, Mycroft was always right.)
It wasn’t quick. He closed his hand around the base of his prick, giving it a gentle squeeze, and then he couldn’t resist the urge to stroke.
Sherlock didn’t seem concerned at all about what was on the computer screen, though. She didn’t even glance at it as John started to browse. She was more concerned with squirming in her seat until her body was angled towards John again, then curling forwards slightly and resting her cheek on John’s shoulder. The position was so tender, so domestic, that it made John’s chest ache, although she tried to ignore it.
John’s eyelids fluttered, and she craned her neck towards Sherlock, opening her mouth as though begging to be kissed. But, struck with sudden inspiration, Sherlock laid her free palm against John’s forehead and held her down. John’s cry was rapturous, and another stream of wetness dribbled from her pussy.
“Yes,” he said. He heard the grin in his own voice before he felt it on his lips. “Yes, obviously.”
In the end, though, she decided not to. No need to make this any more awkward than it already was. “Yeah. Sleep is… sleep would be good.”
John was about sex the way that Sherlock was about cases. The ordinary wouldn’t do. It had to be interesting; it had to be thrilling.
Stitched more neatly shut? Or maybe his mouth’s just terribly off centre and that’s the whole of it?
, John thought. He closed his eyes and gripped the edges of the sink, feeling faint.
, that Sherlock was immediately furious with himself for waiting so long, for remaining still as a corpse while John did all the work.
.” The pressure against John’s entrance lightened as Sherlock dragged the heel of her palm down John’s pubic bone and over her clit; John’s knees trembled and nearly buckled at the sweet, sweet pressure. “You thrive on danger, like the danger that someone might walk in right now—”
“Tea?” Sherlock asked, and swept off to another room.
—after an indeterminate amount of time like that, Sherlock came. It was small, more muscle spasms than actual pleasure, and fast on its heels was a rush of hypersensitivity and
I’m not just keeping you around because you’re convenient or useful. You’re probably the least convenient thing in my life actually.
“Shit.” He removed the toy, doing his best to both be quick and gentle. “Sorry. Are you all right?”
, Sherlock thought. There was even an infinitesimal note of suspicion in John’s tone. An inconvenient time for him to be clever, unfortunately. Sherlock lowered the magazine, fluttering its pages enough that John’s gaze was drawn to it. Then he said, “Call it a sudden curiosity.”
Neither of those had appealed. The white coat looked a bit cheap, and she worried Greg or Molly might misunderstand the fairy costume, given the cat that John had taken up with (as far as one neutered cat could take up with another, at least).
? He got that from you, I assume, so how the hell do you know my name is Watson?”
If he were being fucked, John thinks—and fucked properly, that is, on his hands and knees with his arse in the air and his face in the carpet and Sherlock biting his neck, Sherlock’s cock in him so deep he can feel it in his throat—then maybe he could come from it. It feels like it, anyway. It’s all John can think about, how badly he wants it. How wet he is between his arse cheeks, how empty he is without a knot to plug him up, how useless he feels when he’s not being bred.
As deterrents went, it was an exceedingly poor one. John might’ve been chastising him now, but Sherlock knew from experience that it would eventually turn to effusive praise. And then he would be stroked and kissed and cooed at, called everything from “gorgeous” to “brilliant,” and then stroked and kissed and cooed at some more.
Sherlock’s chest rose and fell sharply as he snorted. “All right.”
. If Sherlock weren’t distracted by something of much greater importance, the phrasing might’ve aroused him all over again.
JohnHWatson: Almost enough? How many times did the giant spider at Reichenbach Falls kill you before you beat him again?
It made Sherlock’s stomach clench and her knees go wobbly. With every poke and prod, she saw a newlywed unconsciously twirling their wedding ring round and round their finger.
G-spot stimulation.”
A fissure of exasperation. Sherlock concentrates on the familiarity: John not understanding, John not being able to keep up.
“You emailed me instructions for four separate brands of headsets. That’s overdoing it.”
Sherlock glanced at it, but made no move to accept it.
With a gasp, John closed her eyes and rubbed harder, her middle finger slipping frantically over and over her wet little clit. Lingering just to the side (her right, Sherlock’s left) of it, her sweet spot, where she liked it just a bit better.
“Okay. Good, that’s... good. I’ll respond to your email tomorrow.”
He was hungry. Oh, god, he was hungry.
my feet.”
“Again?” John asks, already presenting his neck again, and Sherlock doesn’t hesitate to oblige.
“Perfect,” Sherlock said, and bent his head to eat at John’s hole at the same time that he closed his hand around the base of John’s prick. His grip was tight but dry, a little clumsy and uncomfortable when he started to stroke.
Sherlock had gone slack-jawed, his eyelids fluttering to half-mast, but he shook his head. “The sheets… I’ve been dreaming for weeks of spreading you out on a set of silk byzantium sheets. It took hours of searching to find a shop online that carried that particular shade. They haven’t been dispatched yet. We can’t… John—”
Reaching for a towel, he climbed out. Water rained down from his body, leaving puddles on the lino as he walked to the door, cracked it open, and peeked out.
, oh fuck, god… um… just this for a bit longer.”
messy, considering the effects of strangulation.”
Sherlock has hardly lost enough blood to warrant that, but he isn’t given the chance to protest before John is speaking again.
Although John’s eyelids were heavy, his thoughts sleep-muddled, he lifted his head. “What,” he slurred, “are you doing?”
“At work. Dr Roucayrol is out with flu, apparently, so John’s filling in. He said you probably wouldn’t remember, but he told you about it this morning.”
That Lestrade’s not phoned with a case, that Molly is on holiday with her fiancé in Italy, that Mrs Hudson has—due primarily to the building’s thin walls and floors—already been apprised of their new relationship, is hateful.
John wished the machine could be operated from a distance, so he didn’t have to move to change the speed. So he could lie beneath Sherlock, holding Sherlock to his chest and burying his face in Sherlock’s fringe. So they were both rocked by the rhythm of the machine, Sherlock’s body heaving into his, Sherlock panting and crying into John’s skin, the two of them sharing sweat and spit while Sherlock clung to John like a frantic, desperate man in a storm.
It presented quite a puzzle. All available evidence indicated that John Watson was firmly committed to Sherlock Holmes and intended to remain by his side, in their current capacity, for the foreseeable future. Despite this, something about the prospect of marriage was putting him off.
When the collar was in place, Sherlock took a photo of himself: a close-up of his throat (his head tilted back to better capture the length of it) with the collar nestled just below his adam’s apple, the bell perfectly centred.
And then what? Sherlock would be angry at him, John supposed. Offended because John had refused his gift. He might ask that John return the BlackBerry as well. He might stop communicating with John altogether.
John puckers his lips and squints, an expression of exaggerated confusion. “Okay.” He draws out the second syllable and adds a questioning lilt at the end. “That’s… well, I’d started to wonder a bit, to be honest, but…. Have I been making you feel pressured? Even if you think you enjoy something, it doesn’t mean you have to
Holmes already knew the address they needed, to which John was not even surprised, so they just caught another cab and went to visit Mr. Wang Kun. For himself, John made perhaps a hasty, but in his opinion, an obvious conclusion - the mysterious Mr. Wang Kun and Holmes did not know each other. It's just that, even when he was absent from the workplace, he somehow managed to arouse interest in Sherlock.
“Hmm,” the stool nearby was already occupied, and now the dark mage, pulling his legs up to his chest and bending over in an inconceivable arc, was carefully examining him. John rolled his eyes and returned to his cooling dinner; they had done this more than once.
‘Everyone.”
“You're welcome, Mrs. Hudson.”
“I can read them. I can teach you if you like, although it will take some time. This is hanzi (2).”
“Yes.”
Catching several interested glances, John involuntarily smoothed himself. It was worth seizing the moment until there was no tall, prominent figure shrouded in an aura of mysticism and mystery around.
An intricate pentagram glowed on the tiled floor, drawing attention to beautiful curls and unfamiliar runes. Now what was happening truly began to resemble the ritual of Summoning Souls from a textbook, which he once somehow had accidentally flipped through. At the same time, Necromancer Hooper not only activated the pentagram under the table with the body, but also several more runes of mysterious purpose.
A familiar yellow mark stared at John from a painting. It disfigured the canvas with its ugly smudging, but it did not interfere with the depicted artifact in the original painting.  With talented performance, someone had drawn with beautiful, clear neat strokes, an oblong tube of unknown purpose. This artifact was completely unfamiliar to him, and John decided he would definitely find out about it as soon as the opportunity arrived and free time presented itself.
“Good. I waited for you to guess,” Holmes loomed over him with sparkling eyes. There was clearly no trace of the former bad mood, for which John secretly rejoiced. And the dark mage again appeared next to him so suddenly that he couldn’t even understand from which "pocket" he came out. “Yours is in the hallway near your bedroom.”
I'm glad that I finally finished posting it)) Soon there will be also sidestory with Sherlock's POV and a bit of  information about the plot for the 3 part called "Shadow from Ashes" (I'm activly writing it now).
“You are right, this is a unique place. An underground source runs deep below us, which intertwines with another source of power, and this gives the effect of purification. We are lucky that this is in the outskirts, and not the most prosperous area. Although with the factory closed for a long time, this place doesn’t attract developers, which means that they don’t touch us either.”
Now that he literally had work in his pocket, John allowed himself to relax a little. Although the pleasant witch nearby didn’t really let him catch his breath - as much as he liked Holmes, he still remained a man. In addition, Sherlock did not take any decisive action, which was a constant source of doubt for John.
“Let's get started?”
“Ladies and gentlemen, we have brought from the distant lunar shores of the great Yangtze River to surprise you here, the terrible Chinese Tarantula.”
Their sudden stop in the middle of a busy street caused violent indignation amongst passers-by, who, however, as soon as they looked at the dark mage, immediately hurried back to their business. Late evening beckoned with the promise of warmth, which forced the inhabitants of the never sleeping megalopolis to pour out in a crowd to enjoy this rare phenomenon. And now he and Holmes had to make room on a narrow sidewalk so as not to be demolished by all this motley crowd. In the endless multicolored stream that went past them, the dark mage stood out sharply, not only in height, clothing and appearance, but also in his veiled aura, involuntarily attracting even more attention.
“Light! Light! This light!”
John glanced at his watch and sighed with disappointment. Three in the morning. He didn’t want to sleep anymore, thoughts swarmed in his head, building conjectures and sweeping aside one assumption after another, and he had no choice but to go downstairs.
“You flatter me, John,” the elder of the Holmes brothers chided him with a modest smile. “But I will not hide that our meeting was not a surprise for me.”
“Now imagine, with the help of The Sphere of Harmony, a certain artifact should be created, but it itself is incomplete and its part is replaced. Firstly, this is a big risk, and secondly, the customer, by definition, cannot be an ordinary mage. The only one who fits in all the parameters is my brother and Moriarty. For obvious reasons, I ruled out Mycroft.”
Distracted by his thoughts, he missed part of the conversation, and hurried to hide his preoccupation under the guise of helping in cleaning. No matter how hard he tried to win a place in the kitchen from Holmes’ numerous experiments, he succeeded with only varying degrees of success. As soon as he dropped his guard, even for a little while, mysterious gurgling flasks, sealed bottles with unclear contents, bottles with suspicious-looking powders and ingredients, runes and pentagrams applied with chalk or ink appeared on all of the free surfaces. And the argument that the kitchen was actually needed in order to cook and eat food passed by Holmes’ ears, no matter how much John reminded him of it.
A small bookstore en route to his new place of work drew in John not only with an impressive vintage sign and sale announcement, but also the familiar bright yellow mark on the window. On buildings, on the sidewalk underfoot, on fences and on billboards, when less often, when more often, he constantly came across such arts. He even almost stopped paying attention to them, they had become so familiar. But sometimes, as, for example, now, this uncomplicated appeal still found a response, and John could no longer pass by.
Magic, here, was calm, measured and viscous, like wild honey. It softly enveloped and flowed past, giving the impression of something unshakable. John had already felt something similar, judging by the familiar sensations, but it was not a divine artifact, but a classical and very ancient Source. In all his life, he had never been in a place even remotely similar to this. Although, judging by the bored expression on Holmes' face, such places were something familiar and commonplace to him.
The strange words again puzzled him, though he tried not to show it; he wasn’t a half-demon. Most likey, the signs could be seen by any magical creatures, half-bloods, or those such as he - who traveled beyond the line and returned with altered magic.
“Yeah.”
What do you see when you look at me?
Opening the door turned out to be a short-lived affair, and they did not even have to involve attesting witnesses, he and Holmes readily acted in this role. The apartment looked untouched with no sign of a struggle or that the owner was worried about something. The body, as expected, was found in the bedroom, and there were also many facts leading to interesting conclusions. Conclusions with which not all of those present were in agreement to.
“Sherlock Holmes.”
“Why did we stop?” Only if he wanted to, John could sense Sherlock's indignation when Holmes finally looked up from typing out another text. He had made sure that the cab stopped in front of a bright sign promising fast service and delicious business lunches. An aura, not hidden by anything yet, went with familiar dark green flashes, foreshadowing discontent.
“Yeah.”
It was hard to believe that even if it was such a strong smell, he would have such a reaction. And when he also began to feel a little nauseous, everything finally fell into place. John covered his nose with the lapel of his jacket and glanced back at the door. He should have expected something like this, knowing from Holmes and Lestrade what the Black Lotus really was, but he still wasn’t prepared. He didn’t tolerate various drugs, even the most lightest, and right now any filtration rune would help him but he didn’t dare to do anything at this moment.
“And now I will demonstrate with my example, while we are all in the Stream, how the principle of borrowing usually works. You all already know the warming spell, so we’ll use that.”
“Sherlock, something is not right with me,” John, always a gentleman, did not want to disturb the ladies sitting in the living room, so he confessed what had been obvious to everyone for a long time, only now, when they were alone. Finally, surrendering to fatigue, he closed his eyes and continued to shudder and tremble, leaning heavily on the white ceramic surface of the sink. “I think I shouldn’t have returned home, but gone straight to the hospital,” John sighed dejectedly, as if he had already resigned himself to the prospect of communicating with unfamiliar Healers and the need to answer uncomfortable questions.
Whistling softly, he waited. This signal, of course, was taught to him by Holmes, but before now he had not had the opportunity to use it, so John doubted a little whether he did everything as he should have.
The boy was noticeably worried, as his brown eyes cautiously, quickly looked around before he decided to lean closer to him.
“What are you thinking now?”
It was just that Holmes, like no one else, took absolutely all of the attention himself, regardless of whether you wanted it or not. He simply filled the entire surrounding space and attracted the eyes. Dissecting and arranging the smallest, even the most insignificant details of other people's lives and actions, pointing out other people's mistakes, and accompanying all this with unflattering remarks and statements. Holmes never really cared about the opinions of others. A lively, inquiring mind, undeniable talent, and unwillingness to adapt to any norms of behavior made him practically unbearable in communication. Which, among other things, did not prevent John from not only getting along with him, but even enjoying their strange partnership.
John gave a friendly wave to the gatekeeper as he passed and hurried to the gate. Waiting for the latecomers, he spent a few more minutes making sure no one was forgot, and closed the heavy doors, cutting off the rest of the world until evening.
“You’re not having one?”
“I meant,” John says, “scratching as a sexual activity. Like what you did to my back, but intentionally—and somewhere on you. How do you feel about that?”
“I don’t!” Sherlock’s eyes had gone wide in alarm, and he seemed quickly to be approaching outright panic. “I’m not trying to pay you for sex.”
John licked his lips. “What for? If this is about the computer again—”
John shakes his head again. His expression is as dark as a crypt. “Yeah, but I didn’t mean to bruise you this badly. I didn’t even realise I
One of John’s hands trails up Sherlock’s spine and combs through his hair, fingertips dragging along his scalp, turning Sherlock into a strip of magnesium over a Bunsen burner: luminous, white-hot. Slack-jawed, inexplicably panting, he lifts his head, pushing into John’s hand, inviting him to carry on scratching and petting, sure that he’ll crumble if John stops, oxidised and ruined.
But John’s head was turned to one side, one eye watching Sherlock. She was no doubt sensitive about her war injury, about the beautifully gnarled skin, just as she had been about her psychosomatic limp, her therapy appointments, anything she deemed a possible weakness (no matter whether it truly was or wasn’t).
<ScienceOfDeduction was killed by an assassin.>
since I’ve used the toilet. So we can take a little break here while I go to the loo, or—” John scooted closer, stroked Sherlock’s fringe away from his face, and licked his lips. “Or we can maybe try a bit of piss play. If you’re up for it.”
John tried to imagine a world in which Mycroft cared even half as much about John as he did Sherlock, and found that he couldn’t. “Right,” he said, “well. I’ll be sure to send
“Touch me,” he tells John, “please.”
I don’t care how clever you think you are or what sort of ‘deductions’ you’ve made poking about my blog, that was NOT ON what you just did. My finances, my health, my family and friends, NONE of that is any of your concern. Especially when you haven’t even had the courtesy of signing your emails with anything more than a bloody screenname.
The nerve! Mrs Hudson wasn’t even 80 yet, and she was plenty active herself, not standing with one foot in the grave and too feeble and senile to keep up with a playful cat!
So when he leaves the flat with John in tow, he ensures his scarf is left behind, and when they arrive at the crime scene, he ensures his coat collar is turned down for once, his throat bared.
<JohnHWatson> But it’s fine if you don’t want to. I understand and I won’t be upset or anything.
Please proceed with caution if you think this may be distressing or triggering for you. Also feel free to leave me a comment if you’d like more details so you can make a more informed decision about whether to read, skim, or skip. :)
Also, I keep meaning to ask you, I know you play games on consoles or whatever since that’s what you wrote your guide about, but I don’t know about computer games. Do you have Steam?
“I observed. Scuff marks and patterns of wear, as I just said. It was only a matter of judging proportions. Child’s play.”
.’ Sherlock pounding into him hard enough that John’s face was wedged against the wall just as Sherlock’s was in John’s hair. John crying out, saying ‘Thank you, thank you, thank you, god, it’s so good, Sherlock—’
“You—” John sounds dumbfounded, more lost than Sherlock has ever heard him. Sherlock glances over to find John staring at him, a shadow of hurt over his face. “Because of me, yeah? You went to therapy because of me.”
Taking care of John. Giving John’s body exactly what it wanted.
“No.”
“You can be a mess,” John continues. “Overwhelmed, confused… anything, really. I’m sorry. I thought three might be a bit much for the first go. I should’ve listened to myself.”
subpar, Sherlock. It’s not even close.”
unexpected.”
“Pretty sure I’m never going to play as a woman again, if it makes other people think I’m ogling my character’s tits.... Also, I didn’t know there were women in this game. I didn’t see any when I played earlier.”
John couldn’t suck them into his mouth fast enough. The gore on John’s face had grown cold and partly dry, but the taste still made his thoughts go fuzzy and his vision dim. He licked the skin clean, gnawed gently at Sherlock’s nails to free the flakes of dried blood beneath them, and then just hollowed his cheeks, curled his tongue, and sucked.
A week later, John woke to an email from the fetish site in his inbox: a notification that 071411120418 had added John as a friend.
John let go of the wall with one hand so she could reach behind and tug Sherlock even closer, until there was barely space enough for a single atom between their lower bodies.
“Finished, then?” John says.
“Oh,” John said stupidly. “Um. Thanks?”
It was only the years they had spent as friends, and now quite a lot more, that enabled John to hear the genuine uncertainty beneath the waspish tone of the question. And that was enough to convince John to swallow the whole of the lecture he’d been prepared to give, about how very badly things could have gone wrong with Sherlock alone and tied up and impaled on a massive electric machine.
To all of Sandal Ash’s dear readers:
Magic rang and shimmered, enclosed in graceful ligatures of runes. Its mesmerizing ringing calmed and pacified, drowning out unpleasant symptoms from the drugs, so John couldn’t but to admire such resourcefulness. Even for Healers, such a technique was rare; to use it, it was necessary to possess considerable talent and skills. And lacking them, this was not available to him.
Surprised, and disturbed by this unexpected concern, John knew and had time to appreciate how much Holmes valued him, but he was still amazed every time.
“Great, then you should check the accounting department before you leave. I can also show you everything here ... if you are not busy right now.”
“... Asking why life is so hard? For what? Why?..”
“Sure. Oh yes. Sherlock, why did you need me?”
We are almost near the finish but I don't know what to do - post unbeted chaps or wait some more.... What do you all think?
It was quite amusing to watch Holmes quietly laying down on the couch. He didn’t think that it was convenient for him to lie in his suits and boots, but he was in no hurry to intervene, only moving closer with his laptop, in case the dark mage wanted suddenly to speak out. It practically became a kind of ritual for them, John acting as an attentive listener for Holmes, replacing the skull for that. He no longer even took offense at being compared to a chatty magical object, and after thinking about it for a while, he even came to the conclusion that it was a huge progress in their relationship. Because now Holmes, acting not only as an orator, but also as a teacher, forcing John to apply his deductive method and voice his thoughts and conclusions.
John often had strange dreams, though they were always preferable to the usual nightmares where he woke up in the morning with only vague memories and feelings of hopelessness.
“It's true. Are these your words?”
It was rightly said that the Healers were the worst patients, and now with his own at his disposal Sherlock was inclined to agree with that statement. And John didn't even realize how bad their light contact could end for him.
After much persuasion, ending with a clear threat from Sherlock, Dimmock finally agreed to accompany them to the crime scene. Therefore, after the hospital and the morgue, another place was added to the list of where John had managed to visit in one day. Moreover, here the purification ritual had not been carried out for several months.
John gritted his teeth and exhaled heavily. Neither visual inspection nor checking of activated spells gave him any clues. No matter how much he sought, he definitely saw neither suicide nor the ritual of sacrifice. The most logical thought was that this was a message, but even for a sophisticated message, the ritual was too intricate, and the tragedy that happened here was more like a punishment. He didn't know why he was thinking about it - just the first thing that came to mind when he looked at the runes used, and how and in what order they were drawn caused him to associate with an indicative punishment.
Only four pages were written in his notebook in addition to the searching he did for information about the artifact that caught his eye at the Exchange. It became another reason to be added to the list of reasons for visiting the Library. He was sorely lacking in basic knowledge. The books he found in Holmes’ extensive collection were, though informative, still highly specialized and, as a result, still useless for him.
“That’s boring.”
“I’m pretty tired that I bump into them everywhere, and I can’t understand… But I don’t think I will have time to learn a new language. By the way, isn’t it easier to write a letter or send a message? Why such difficulties?”
The pleasant face expressed only awkwardness, John himself was a little uncomfortable, so saying a crumpled goodbye, he hastened to return to Baker Street, to the familiar chaos, piles of books, a comfortable sagging chair by the fireplace and a dark mage dissatisfied with the course of the investigation.
Having disentangled himself from the folds of the blanket, John reached out with his hand to his face, at first barely brushing his forehead and frowning eyebrows with the pads of his fingers, but with every moment the touch became more confident - his fingers slid down cheekbone to the jawline and froze at his lips. There was a strange expression on John's face, as if he could not believe in the reality of what was happening, as if he could confuse what was now between them with one of his dreams, which he was just learning to read and understand.
“It’s really quite possible. Why do you think they also needed to create a sect, even calling it that way?” It was a rhetorical question, so he didn’t even try to answer, just getting ready to listen to Holmes’ theory on this matter. He had a couple of ideas, but Sherlock was almost never wrong, and John tended to trust his opinion more than his own in such matters.
“John-John-John,” The skull sang contentedly. He was clearly impatient to tattle on his creator.
Inspector Dimmock was looking at him intently across the table, and John couldn't shake the feeling that he was openly feared. It was a strange feeling, unfamiliar to him, especially when the conversation took place within the walls of a bright office and over a cup of fragrant tea.
Enjoy!)
The bedside light blinded him momentarily until he reminded himself to close his eyes. All the same, he had to blink the colored spots away for a while, and then fumbled around the bed in search of a pencil, which had covertly rolled away from him to the other side.
“We are investigating a difficult case, and you are being exceedingly careless. I know that you can take care of yourself, I have witnessed this more than once, but still, it is worth doubling your vigilance.”
“Thought that might get your attention,” he said. “Are you okay?”
Sherlock’s eyes closed. Her free hand clutched at the chair arm, gripping so tightly her knuckles went white.
Incomprehensible. Victor had once licked along the most prominent vein, and Sherlock had lost her bloody mind.
“Coffee!” Sherlock stood suddenly. The stack of pages scattered to the floor again. “Do you want coffee? Or… I cleaned the kettle. We could have tea. I—”
“Tell me if I do something wrong,” John said. “This is the first real cock I’ve done this to. Well, except for mine, obviously.”
, he imagines confessing.
Frankly, John, your punctuation is maddening. Not because it is wrong—after regularly dealing with people who couldn’t punctuate a sentence correctly if someone was holding a gun to their head, I’ve become nearly immune—but because it is never consistently wrong. Take, for instance, the following two sentences, which appear one after the other in your most recent email:
“Course not.” John smiles, and a surprising portion of Sherlock’s panic is eradicated by the sight. “Apparently you don’t remember, but I did choose
Finally, John manages to shove his snout aside, and although Sherlock’s growl turns dark and dangerous, he allows it long enough for John to grasp the plug and pull. It pops out with a loud squelch, and John hisses in discomfort. It’s thick, the biggest they own, because although he might prefer minimal preparation when Sherlock is like this, he doesn’t fancy an anal fissure.
“Oh,” said Mrs Hudson. “I see. Apparently you knew
They were a kind youngish couple: he a detective inspector with the Met and she working in the morgue at Bart’s. Not married, although none of the couples who had rented with Mrs Hudson had been, so it didn’t seem scandalous to her any longer. They were the first, though, that moved in with a pet, which Mrs Hudson had allowed despite her considerable reservations.
Sherlock’s answer came quickly, in under a minute, although it was massive: long enough that it had to be broken into multiple texts that arrived several seconds apart.
Sherlock shrugged one shoulder. Food was quite possibly the last thing he wanted to think about.
A series of texts arrived in quick succession.
“Do you know what it’s like to have to second-guess everything your significant other says to you? To live in constant suspicion that you’re being lied to by someone you’re supposed to trust more than anyone else?”
“There,” he says, nestling her in the crook of his arm and allowing her to continue to bat at his dressing gown. “See. She’s fine.”
, in John’s tone; it coils around Sherlock’s throat and squeezes, robbing him of any response aside from a nod and a nuzzle.
Well. John never really claimed to be normal, did he?
“I don’t,” Sherlock insists. Tries to insist, anyway, although John’s fingers find and massage a sensitive area just above his ears, and the breathy “ahh” he makes in response no doubt renders his protest utterly useless.
before he started walking again.
His hallucination had never touched him before.
“Yes, exactly,” Molly snaps, her face gone pink and her lips tight. “I’ve had loads of experience with relationships going tits-up, so maybe you should stop being an insufferable arsehole and
‘The quality of your answer.’ John grinned, reminded of their very first phone conversation.
, he thought.
It wasn’t her good china, but there were two glasses smashed to bits on the floor. Knocked off the worktop where they’d been drying, she supposed. The little bastard.
Luckily, John likes a mess. Sherlock can feel him staring appreciatively, taking in every fresh tear and surge of spit and revelling in the wreck that Sherlock has become at his hands.
John could think of any number of problems with that, in fact, beginning with ‘I don’t know you’ and ending with ‘I don’t know a single fucking thing about you.’ Instead, he answered:
Knowing what would follow, he flipped over without any coaxing and felt John’s small, strong hands parting his arse cheeks. His hole stung anew at the stretch.
Sherlock scarcely seemed to breathe, going as still as a statue. John was too tired to be pleased with himself for shocking him.
John blinked. On some level, Sherlock realised that a questioning tone perhaps wasn’t the best one to adopt, but it was too late to take it back. “Yes. Is that all right?”
, Mrs Hudson thought. She felt warm and terribly, terribly fond.
“You have the worst fucking timing,” John said, a few hours after Lestrade’s text. His tone was aggrieved, but he certainly wasn’t protesting. Rather, he’d settled on his back in the centre of the bed, with Sherlock knelt between his spread legs and undoing the zip on his trousers. “I have to leave in—”
, Mrs Hudson thought, alarmed.
Sherlock huffs with disgust. “It was for a
He was meant to be doing the work. Right. He drew his own hips back, gasping at the sensation of his prick sliding free (John’s muscles clutching at him, loath to be empty), before he drove forwards again, stuffing John full of his cock.
“I beg your pardon?”
“Not really,” answered a pale heavyset woman called Tina who was sitting across from John, grinning widely at him. “This is only our second munch, and, well, we are a bit of a niche, I suppose, North London littles. Last month it was only Jennifer and me.” She nodded towards the rail-thin black woman beside her, who was fishing a wedge of lemon from her water glass.
Then, abruptly, Sherlock pulled off, and John’s cry was sharp and tortured.
“Erm.” John looked down at the menu, saw the words ‘wine’ and ‘beer,’ and decided alcohol was the last thing he needed tonight. “Just water, I think.”
Sherlock decided on simply: “It’s complicated.”
But I suppose it’s possible to use them that way on a sort of subconscious level.
John, hovering on the cusp of sleep, lurched violently at the sudden low voice from his left, but thankfully identified it as Sherlock before he followed through on the instinct to defend himself.
“Are you okay?” John’s eyes were wide. “Was—hang on, is this still about the strap-on?”
, Mrs Hudson had thought.
With a heavy sigh, John sinks into his own chair across from Sherlock’s. The distance is nearly unbearable. Sherlock wants to stretch as far as possible across the carpet and brush a leg of John’s chair with his toe.
Yet, when he opened his mouth to ask, somehow the question that popped out was “Jesus Christ, Sherlock, how much did this cost?”
With a thoughtful sound, John grips Sherlock’s hip and shifts him until he’s no longer lying flat across John’s lap, but with his knees bent slightly, his arse just barely upturned.
‘Oh god, those were teeth!’ John thought as Sherlock bit down particularly hard over his collar bone pushing John over the edge of climax. Sherlock’s body stiffened soon after, the low purring continuing as he went lax. Through this neither John nor Sherlock noticed that the door was open and a figure standing in the doorway.
John gets dressed in his favorite tan jumper. It was Sherlock’s favorite too, the only one he didn’t try to use for an experiment. He doesn’t bother to close his computer it’d open to the word file he was working on the past three years. John goes for a walk kissing Mrs. Hudson on the cheek before he goes.
Sarah had forgiven him his brake down. Offering to let his stay at hers if it would help to be away from the flat. John can’t figure out why he doesn’t have any pictures of Sherlock. He wishes he had taken some. Now when he thought of Sherlock it was just a faceless man it a coat.
“Sherlock.” John said his voice wavering slightly. The silent gasp leaving him when Sherlock turned to look. Blood around his mouth, his eyes blue as ever but dilated no light effecting them. He looked as he always did his clothes slightly wrinkled but no apparent gashes or gapping wounds to prove his deadness.
He goes to the pool the one Moriarty had taken him to. It’s nearing two in the morning by the time he gets there it was fairly far away. His legs hurt from the long walk and he is tired. He has been so tired for so long. He watches the water for a bit it looks the same as it did that day. The day he realized that he loved Sherlock like he would never love anyone else again.
John brought his hand up and started to stroke Sherlock’s hair hoping it would calm him down and the hair raising growl stopped while the pads of his fingers rubbed at the warm scalp under his fingers. Warm was new, Sherlock had been a bit colder before, John used his fingers to check Sherlock’s pulse on his neck fingers never leaving his hair. His pulse was faster than it was before as well John started to keep a mental chart of the changes in Sherlock’s physical state.
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock in return, listening to the quite groaning growling noises rumbling in his chest almost like a purring cat. It was the stead low slow pulse in Sherlock neck that caught his eye. Sherlock wasn’t infected, he wasn’t dead. IF Sherlock is alive, that means he could be saved. John jerked out of the hug, wrenching himself from Sherlock’s grasp. Sherlock growled and bared his teeth this was followed by a whimper. His arms reached up to grab John again.
“My baby brother has created a cure for the outbreak. He took it before infecting himself to test it. At least that is all I can deduce so far.” Mycroft said this with sigh as if it were some trivial matter. John almost wanted to comment on his diet. “The data he collected is being gone over as we speak. We should arrive at St. Bart’s in a few minutes, Anthea will direct you from there.
of the worst kind.
John sucked in a sharp breath as Sherlock’s hands found their way into his trousers gripping at him through his y-fronts. Having bypasses the button and zip and just going over the waistband. The purring started up as Sherlock rocked his pelvis against John’s thigh. A low moan escaping Sherlock’s mouth and a gasp that sounded almost like a name. The rocking was getting faster and the soft kiss were turning in to rough bites but John couldn’t bring himself to care not with Sherlock trying to milk an orgasm from his body. John was close and so was Sherlock if the increased pace was anything to go by.
“Now brother dear, is that behavior really necessary?” Mycroft asked Sherlock straightening up and smoothing out his suit his umbrella twirling once again. “We will be searching St. Bart’s research lab. Must you always do things in such a difficult manner?” With that Mycroft stomped off giving out orders as he went.
Little by little he fades.
Next to go was the sound of Sherlock’s violin. At first john would hear it constantly around the flat. Now there was nothing but a heavy suffocating silence. Not a whisper of music left. He tried listening to violin solos on his computer. He ended up slamming it shut and throwing it into the couch, it wasn’t Sherlock.
John H. Watson
Sherlock was a zombie.
Sherlock’s…the creature’s, John reminded himself, head tilted to the side taking a step in John’s direction. Some of the guns muzzles scraped across the walls of the makeshift cage poking through little holes to fire.
“It would seem that my little brother has been doing quite a bit of research into the infection. The top scientist are looking into the notes he left in the laboratory.” Mycroft is looking intently at John now. “I will be needing those vials of blood in your pocket.” Mycroft stated casually, does the man never explain anything thoroughly.
Sherlock grabbed at John again, pressing him close to his body. That’s when John felt it, something long and hard pressed into his leg. It was too low to be what he initially thought it was, rather embarrassingly. Reaching into the pocket of Sherlock’s coat he felt a glass tube and pulled it out, it was a vial of blood. There was two more in the other pocket all marked with Sherlock’s name and the code H1N7Z1, H1N7Z2, and the last H1N7Z3. John nearly dropped them when he felt Sherlock’s tongue drag across the skin of his neck, making him freeze.
Another step.
Yes. Dead... sort of.
“This is where you be staying these two rooms have been outfitted with everything you’ll need. Food and other necessities will be delivered periodically.” With that Anthea left and the guards bolting the door behind her.
Sherlock continued his way over after she was done speaking getting closer and closer to John his face the same neutral look he usually has when in his mind palace. Once Sherlock was within arm’s reach of John he had put his arms up slowly the movement looking non-threating, still John’s finger stroked the trigger of the gun. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John lightly his head came down on his shoulder mouth turned away in an almost deliberate gesture so not to make John frightened. It was a hug.
When John gets home Mycroft is in his chair, John sits on the couch Sherlock’s seat is empty, terribly empty, and he will not sit in it. The talk, a bit awkward conversation at best and half a pot of tea. Mycroft wants to take Sherlock’s things now. He believes John is ready to let go of his live in shrine.
John is, he tell Mycroft to go ahead. Mycroft smiles, its fake he probably knows. How much John is unsure he smiles at him anyway and wishes him well when he leaves walking him to the door?
Next to go was Sherlock’s hair. John could not for the life of him remember the exact color or how it sat on his head. John did remember though often having the urge to touch it. It always looked so soft to him.
“Oh, nothing to worry about John, it seems my brother has just been even more foolish than usual.” Mycroft said leaving once again. Making transportation plans for Sherlock it sounds like from the way he was having his men clear a path to the street.
“I’m to tell you not to shoot him and that your transport will be ready in about three minutes.” Anthea said never looking up from her blackberry, her voice sounding bored, like she wasn’t in the middle of the frelling zed-day apocalypse. John was sure that she would have a mental break if he took that damn thing from her, and that would be the closest human reaction she could have.
“Fuck, wait Sherlock.” Johns protests were ignored in favor of pleasure seeking. Sherlock increasing the friction, but the bits were starting to hurt and, his trousers were digging into his hips. John finally gave in and undid the button and zip. The angle getting a thousand times better as Sherlock crawled into his lap and rocking their clothed cocks together, holding John close.
“Sherlock! Could you please, just STOP!!?” John yelled his aching head making his patience shorter than usual. Sherlock fell back into the seat next to John grabbing onto him again the low purring was back. “There, there, you overgrown cat.” John ruffled his hair gently looking over at Mycroft for an explanation to all this madness.
Sarah had to let him off early and take his patients. John tried over and over to pull some record of his voice into his mind but it was gone. Not even a whisper left. John didn’t go back to work after that. Three weeks past and Mycroft stops by. John can look at him not because he resembles Sherlock because he doesn’t but because John blames him.
Simple, elegant, fitting for the end.
Mycroft lead John into a sterile looking white room, the dead littered about all over the floor, the guards held the guns in Mycroft just behind them. Their semi-automatic rifles pointed at his Sherlock, John was still just outside the door but he could still hear the sounds of a growling animal, nothing at all human about it.
“Ya know, for a man who never eats, you’re fairly solid.” John joked trying to pry Sherlock’s hands out of his clothes. A deep growl like a wolf started in Sherlock’s chest this was not the purr from before this made his hair stand on end, it was the sound of a predator. Sherlock had not attacked him yet so John had given up being worried that he would, after all he had ignored him the first 4 hours after their arrival.
John did what John has always done in the exasperating circumstances like any good English man, made a nice cuppa. Sherlock didn’t drink his, John didn’t think he would but the act of making it was soothing. Sherlock was wandering aimlessly around his new surroundings. John could see him staggering about in the adjoining room. When Sherlock made his way back in John was already seated on the couch a medical journal in hand, he stared again unblinkingly his unwavering gaze looking for something. That’s when it happened like a flash Sherlock lunged at John his hands not flat and unthreatening but fingers like predatory claws ready to rend flesh from bone.
John tries to hold on to Sherlock’s memory but he is losing it. He has forgotten the sound of his voice, the inflections the tone and pitch. It was the first thing to go. As soon as John realized what was happening he broke down at work.
“It seems John that you never lose your talent to surprise. My brother… could not have found a better person, to stay by his side. I am pleased to say that in this instance…perhaps you remembered him better then all of us.” With that said Mycroft walked back to his awaiting car. Leaving the tombstone he had inscribed by his finest stonecutter to say….
Once John was in the van with Sherlock the guards had John close the doors. Mycroft was in the van with them Sherlock already growling and biting at the metal cage separating their half of the van from Mycroft’s. God, John was getting a headache.
“Wait. Sherlock! Did you… did you do this to yourself!?” Sherlock’s lips quirked a bit slightly twitching like he wanted to smile but the muscles couldn’t quite work. John wanted to punch him but he was unsure of striking him while in such a state. So was he a zombie or not, technically he wasn’t dead, right?
John knows he is dying that is oxygen starved brain is just conjuring these hallucinations and can’t bring himself to care. Not here in Sherlock’s embrace and kisses on his lips. John closes his eyes they don’t open again.
John slept in Sherlock’s bed that night taking in his scent barley lingering on the sheets and pillows. After a while they only smelt like dust and john cried for the loss of that as well. John sealed off Sherlock’s room and never when into it again.
Sherlock really wouldn’t ever want to be dull. This would be the last thing John could do for him.
John had Sarah check him for brain injuries. The results were perfect. He was a healthy man for his age. He so frantically wished that it had been a tumor or injury. Then his forgetting Sherlock could be forgiven.
“John… I… Sherlock is not himself anymore, and I thought it might be best if you said good bye. He would have wanted you to end it for him. Sherlock would never tolerate being reduced to something so…” Mycroft’s words trailed off.
No more steps came, Sherlock’s animated corpse was looking at John. Almost like he had done on that first day, when they had met. A wary analytic look almost as if he were an interesting bug. Mycroft gasped as he walked into the room, worried about the lack of gunfire. The creature, the zombie, his poor stupid brother wasn’t attacking John just looking and hope lit itself in Mycroft’s heart. His baby brother may still be in there.
With Mycroft gone Sherlock’s focus was back on John he was moving closer and growling once again. The growling was different then what he was doing at Mycroft but John couldn’t describe it. Killing people had never been difficult for John but here Sherlock was coming at him and the tremor was back in his hand.
Most of London had been evacuated to military bases and sealed off inside the quarantine zone, thankfully the infection has not been found elsewhere. With an outbreak like this John was not surprised it never left the city not with Mycroft’s ever watching eyes running things. As it is John had heard rumor that the queen had been air lifted to some undisclosed location in a remote area. I wouldn’t surprise John if Mycroft had started that rumor himself in order to divert the attentions of anyone who might have been close to guessing the real location.
“Sherlock, I’m…I’m sorry. You were the best man and the most human… human being that I have ever known. I..I was so… so alone and I owe you so much. I love you.” John looked at Sherlock’s eyes one last time and saw something flicker in them before he could catch it, it was gone.
John checked the training weights he had on his legs. He used to use them when he was in the military. Slowly john walked into the pool, walking down the stair at the shallow end until he got to the drop. John’s hands didn’t shake, he was afraid like had been all those times before. John likes to think he isn’t being a coward, he knows he is. He steps off and into the arms of his best friend.
Another step.
The water engulfs him as he sinks to the bottom. Instinct is a stubborn thing and John can’t see to stop holding his breath. The edges of his vision is getting a little darker and suddenly in the peaceful empty blue, he hears it Sherlock’s violin as clear as if he was playing it for him. John closes his eyes the chlorine stinging them. Until a voice echoes in the water with him. His Sherlock calling his name and playing his violin, just for him. When john opens his eyes finally that face that had faded away is floating there with him in such vivid clarity that it’s startling and john gasps water filling his lungs. John closes his eyes again and feels Sherlock wrap him in an embrace he feels warm all over. Sherlock arms are comforting and feels the kisses he never got to give.
The boy’s aura wavered under his pressure, so he tried to reach the necessary channels as gently as possible.
John watched with interest, the whole conversation, feeling that he was clearly missing some subtext.
“What is this?”
“So you really just decided to give me a lift home?”
The dark mage, in his unfamiliar liveliness, looked almost handsome. And John, unwittingly fortuitous, had the same passion and interest as him. Even the drizzling rain that began pouring from the grey sky could not spoil his high spirits; it was amazing what effect simple food, not even the best quality, could have on him. Though he admitted a high probability that the reason was still a new case, which promised to be at least interesting, since the dark mage was so inspired.
Being able to see other people's auras (1), he didn’t have the opportunity to observe his own. No matter how often he tried, even coming up with the most incredible of ways, starting with water and ending with special sensitive mirrors, the result remained unchanged. Around himself he could only see a strange muddy field, occasionally painted with the usual palette of colors. This fact surprised him since childhood, when he had just begun to intuitively learn to look and see what others could not so easily see.  He could only be guided by someone else's perception and not always clear descriptions. Later at University, he learned that this was quite common amongst many Healers and calmed down.
“I hope I can continue to surprise you.”
In fact, the headquarters of one of the most influential institutions after the Ministry of Magic, impressed with its modern, laconic interior. There was still a marble staircase, but instead of carved columns, it was framed by modern elevators made of glass and metal. Undoubtedly, somewhere under them, there must be a huge vault with the most powerful protective and muffling spells, because he practically felt nothing: no pressure, no tingling - nothing that was expected when dealing with a variety of artifacts. But he admitted the possibility that even here, his stereotypical expectations would not come true.
He skimmed through it several times, regular religious nonsense, designed for the desperate and disadvantaged, promising salvation and a better life. No new revelations, no new promises - just another cult, one of many that appeared overnight and then disappeared without a trace, making room for more new ideals and new followers.
Holmes was also looking at him now, as if he had seen him for the first time. As if he, John, could surprise him again. However, the dark mage immediately frowned, clearly noticing some other’s presence. He threw out his other hand in their direction and clenched his fist, as if grabbing something to immediately yank it back to him. Magic revived around them again, scattering Agents who were not expecting the next outpouring, and only John, like last time, was reliably protected by Sherlock himself.
He noticed Su Lin Yao immediately. Her dark-haired high ponytail appeared and disappeared several times in the multicolored crowd, until the girl finally emerged from the general stream right in front of him. The witch also dressed up for their supposed date, to which could not but flatter John.
Watching the limp, weakly trembling hands and thrown back head, it was hard to believe that this man was really dead. Especially not when the still recent corpse suddenly opened its eyes and began to shake its head.
“I saw an ad for a circus show. I think, first of all, we need to attend.”
(2) Kesa is the traditional dress of Buddhist monks and Hindu sannyasis. This term is usually referred to brown or saffron-colored clothing; in Sanskrit and Pali there is the word cīvara, which denotes such clothes regardless of color. The details of the kesa, which, according to legend, is a set of items of clothing for the Buddha, may differ slightly depending on the particular school of Buddhism, but there are always three garments in it: antarvasa (underwear, analogue of underwear), uttarasanga (outerwear) and samghati (additional cape-mantle);
John shook his head skeptically. Dimmock still had a lot to learn, and above all, to keep his mouth shut if he didn't want to look stupid in front of his more experienced colleagues.
He stopped right in front of him, blocking out more than just the entire room. His tall figure, pale face framed by dark hair, now illuminated by the daylight penetrating through the window, as usual, pushed out of his field of vision, the piles of books, the table littered with papers, newspapers, and books, the walls decorated with runes, artifacts, and pentagrams, the fireplace, and the sagging sofa. There was no longer a luminous stream of magic or dark suspension - everything faded into the background, grew dim, and blurred. John looked and saw only Sherlock Holmes.
The circus show, which the witch insisted on attending, did not attract too many people. Perhaps it was the price of the tickets, or perhaps the variety of outdoor activities on offer, but John decided it was for the best. Leaning over the window to ask for two tickets, he was unceremoniously pushed aside, while the familiar baritone calmly asked the cashier instead for three tickets, moreover, ordered in advance in the name of the dark mage.
Deciding to take a textbook with him, John went to the checkout to pay and at least stir up the seller, who was not particularly happy with such an early buyer in his face.
“As the official representative of the Ministry, I give permission to the Mage Sherlock Holmes to perform the Ritual of Calling Souls. I will share all responsibility with him.”
Several children's hands immediately rose into the air.
John threw off his momentary stupor and hastily slipped the leaflet into his jacket pocket, changing his mind about throwing it away. Joining the crowd of people rushing about their business, he felt lost for a moment. Gray skies overhead, gray houses, gray faces with a stamp of hopelessness - it was not surprising that there were, most of all, different cults and sects in such disadvantaged areas, people have always looked for and found ways to hide from reality.
It was all sad. No doubt modern society had not only gave rise to, but in every possible way, contributed to the appearance of such organizations. But all this still didn’t bring them any closer to solving strange ritual murders. The only link so far were the black lotus flowers.
With rare exceptions, when he really wanted to cook something, or when Mrs. Hudson gave them a treat, he and Sherlock ate from a long list of restaurants and delivery cafes. They even had favorite places to order food from, and even Angelo, Sherlock' good acquaintance and former client, made an exception for them by delivering his signature pasta whenever they were in the mood for Italian food.
Even after a few days, Sarah Sawyer hadn’t lost her charm, though after their last meeting and the several intense days that followed, he almost didn’t have time to even just remember or think about her. This realization was a little upsetting, but now he had the opportunity to make up for lost time in the peace and quiet.
Beta Note from Ayzaria:
(1) A little explanation. Even without actively using magic through balance and flow, a term such as "background mode" can be applied. That is, usually, some part of the magic from the general surrounding every mage or witch flow is always used, for example, to maintain the work of amulets, activated runes on the body or clothes, etc. Therefore, although not in the full sense, it is always possible to use the concept of magic and the power of a particular mage or witch, not only in relation to their potential, etc., but also how it was used in the text.
. With Mary, I thought, ‘Well, neither of us are really the parent type, but maybe together we can sort it out,’ but on my own….”
Suddenly John was very, very curious what it had cost.
Sherlock’s hand, still clasped in one of hers, gave a sudden twitch. John glanced instinctively down at the same time that Sherlock scooted backwards so she had a full view of John’s face. Her expression was shuttered, her focus intense. It was the same sort of face she put on when she was dealing with a suspect.
“At least,” Sherlock said, coming to stand beside Rosie’s high chair, “we’re assuming it’s you, Mary. But perhaps it isn’t. Surely any number of things could smell like your perfume and injure your husband.”
“[chuckling, flirtatious] It is, yeah. Very good.”
John leaves with a huff, and Sherlock stares a moment at his own pillow.
He keeps his eyes closed, focusing on that feeling, letting his very capable mind supply the image of John stroking back and forth over his skin, warming it up in addition to searching out the best location to cut.
“Still out of it?” John asked when he’d caught his breath.
“Sherlock?”
“Yeah. I’m here.” A thumb sweeps along the underside of his jaw. “And I think you’ve had enough.”
, John thinks, sucking in a sharp breath.
“Yes!” Sherlock snapped, followed swiftly by: “No! Of course I—oh what does it matter? Again.”
John finished his food, as well as two cups of coffee, left a considerable tip for the maybe-owner, then stood to leave with his old boots stuffed into the shoe box and tucked under his arm.
Not to mention Marylebone High Street was within walking distance. When dinner was finished, they could be back at the flat in no time at all, fucking on the table or the wall or wherever else they happened to land.
“I found it when I was gathering up the sheets,” John said. “It looked like you might’ve nudged it between us in your sleep.”
<JohnHWatson> Jumped a bit too far.
“Jesus,” he said. The slur in his voice was even stronger now. His tongue felt huge and unwieldy in his own mouth. “I suppose you’re a decent daddy after all.”
existence day in and day out. I can relate. Bring her here.”
, and as you can see, the media hasn’t caught wind of this yet, though I’m sure it’s only a matter of time. Actually, I’d be interested to hear how
“Aren’t you cold? Get over here.”
“Ready to go?” John asks.
He wishes now he’d changed into something other than the blue dressing gown, something that wouldn’t leave him feeling like a crab without its shell. His bruises and bite marks are largely healed, utterly invisible to most people, but Mycroft can still spot the subtle difference in his skin colour. Mycroft gives no sign of it, of course—his gaze doesn’t fall anywhere near Sherlock’s neck—but Sherlock knows very well that he sees.
Harvey shuffled nervously forwards, swallowing thickly. John watched his throat bob, saw the steady throb of his pulse beneath the skin. Imagined the delicate flesh giving between John’s jaws, the muscles and arteries tearing, the blood arcing like a fountain. Harvey hanging limp between John’s jaws, wheezing his last breaths into John’s ear: his death rattle a charming starter to a rich, flavourful meal.
“Move her back to her own room, John.” The voice came closer now, hissing in his ear. “This is between us.”
And just like all the previous ninety-nine times, John shook his head. “It’s fine. Not every criminal can be clever, I suppose.” Sherlock’s countenance darkened even further, so John hastily added, “Besides, this is nice.”
“So,” John said, and Sherlock knew from that single word—her voice, how she dragged out the vowel a fraction of a second longer than usual, indicating nervousness and uncertainty—that she wouldn’t like wherever this conversation happened to lead. “Do you just not like being touched, or…?”
“Would you mind,” John says, “marking me up a bit this time? I know we usually do it the other way round, but I thought… um.”
Which was not, John supposed, the sort of thoughts he should be having right now.
From downstairs came the not-quite-slam of the front door, followed by Mrs Hudson’s huff of frustration.
“A glass?”
Sherlock rang off without another word, and John lowered the BlackBerry with raised eyebrows. “Glad I could help,” he muttered, although he was a bit pleased that it seemed like he
The trial run went poorly.
“No.” John’s voice is soft, but there’s a degree of steel in it. “Not today. I’m not going to risk pushing you too far today. Here, come here.”
John nodded. He’d picked up the post on his way in; he clutched a small stack of envelopes in one hand as he kicked off his shoes, removed his jacket, and plopped onto the sofa beside Sherlock.
“Good,” John moaned. “Fuck, so good. God, Sherlock.”
wife; he never had anywhere near the degree of affection for her that John did. No reason for it to still smart, yet it does, a bit.
“You’ll be begging for it constantly,” Sherlock murmured. She could smell John, that same tang and musk she’d smelt that morning, although it was more potent now. Fresh. “Spreading your legs for me at all hours of the day. Mm. Maybe you
Perfect, that Sherlock was the same.
Sherlock had never called John by his name before. John had forgotten Sherlock even knew his given name, actually, just as he’d forgotten that Sherlock had a photo of John’s shoes. Although Sherlock hadn’t forgotten, clearly, since he apparently still looked at it.
Sherlock made a low noise of displeasure and forcibly tightened John’s arm around his waist. “I suggested she spend the weekend at her sister’s. Fortunately, she agreed.”
‘Will you be having me over the arm of the sofa?’ John wanted to say cheekily, but no—dead woman, serial killer, not the time. He let it go.
Sherlock looks away, retracing his thoughts until he finds something worthwhile. “Perhaps this is a good time to mention that I’m meant to be encouraging you to give Ella a call. Her idea, not mine.”
John turned and met Mycroft’s shrewd gaze with what he hoped was a suitably stony, dangerous expression.
He hadn’t even known that Sherlock owned any sort of sex toy, much less one so loud, but he must have done. There couldn’t be any other explanation for the symphony of sounds filtering through the closed bedroom door.
“Can you—” John began, then went silent, although Sherlock heard the end of the question just as clearly as if she’d voiced it. And as John rubbed again, sending another fluttery feeling through Sherlock’s cunt, Sherlock saw no reason not to answer honestly.
“Yes, precisely,” Sherlock said. He whirled back towards Lestrade. “Just as John said. He has the knowledge to properly open the thoracic cavity, the tools to do it, but lacks the practical skills to do it well. Inexperienced, seeking the training he feels he needs to succeed. I didn’t need him to
Sherlock’s response took several seconds to arrive. John imagined he was googling the colour to see for himself. It was strangely gratifying, the idea of Sherlock sitting down at his computer in his flat while John was doing the same in his own.
It wasn’t, really, but it was close enough.
When John pulls back, there’s a thin string of spittle on his chin, and his lips are parted enticingly.
That was what had started the whole thing, days ago: Mrs Hudson and Molly discussing over tea the ever-rising popularity of Halloween—the number of people these days who not only dressed up themselves but also dressed up their pets—and Molly sighing as she admitted that her cat wouldn’t stand for being put in costumes, not even for short periods of time.
John giggled, dragging her fingers through Sherlock’s curls. “Have you? I thought you wanted me to sit on your face.”
That had haunted Sherlock all night. It would haunt her for months, she suspected.
John bends forward slightly, so he can frame Sherlock’s jaw with his palms, stroking the corners of Sherlock’s lips with his thumbs. When Sherlock’s mouth falls dumbly open, one thumb glides along his bottom lip and then slips inside, tracing along the bottom row of Sherlock’s teeth before lying flat along the centre of Sherlock’s tongue.
, he thinks.
Sherlock heaved himself to his feet with a sigh and skulked to the counter to ask for the bill.
Sherlock sucked him until he was soft, gently easing John’s hips back to the chair and then pillowing his arse with a hand on either cheek. He looked utterly debauched, his hair dishevelled and his face smeared with not only saliva but now come as well. John ran his forefinger through the mess on Sherlock’s chin and offered it for Sherlock to lick clean.
Besides, she quite liked John.
But Sherlock will say nothing on the subject. Because it is not in fact kinder to tell people when their romantic entanglements are doomed to fail. He’s learned that from John as well.
traditional. In some things, at least. I watched you plan an entire fucking wedding, remember?”
Feeling helpless, desperate, she clamped her hands on John’s hips, fingers digging into the skin—marking her (
In their bumping and rutting, their bodies moved so that Sherlock’s cock was rubbing John’s arse cheek instead, leaving a wet streak along the fleshiest bit. The fluid would be greyish in colour, John knew, and completely spermless.
‘Well,’ John thought in dismay, ‘so much for being helpful.’ He mightn’t have even been there at all for how little he’d contributed.
Fortunately, it’s over soon. Then the blade is gone, and, with it, the worst of the sting, leaving Sherlock with a deep throbbing ache not unlike the sensation that followed his spanking. Except this one is even more satisfying: more concentrated, less overpowering. He can feel the blood welling up in the fresh cut, collecting in little beads along its length, and then falling down his hip and onto the tarpaulin.
The bedsheets that were utterly heavenly. Off-white in colour, plain in appearance, but so soft and inviting to the touch that John melted back into them the moment he sat down. The thread count was probably astronomical, the material probably difficult to care for, and the cost probably ten times what John had paid for his own.
John hadn’t enjoyed being married to Mary. Nor had he, now that Sherlock thought about it, seemed to enjoy being engaged to Mary. He’d often been eager to abandon his fiancée and their wedding planning, and when she was present he had… dimmed, somehow. Like a streetlamp behind a thick haze of fog.
John went to empty his bladder and brush his teeth, and when he got back, he had another text from Harry:
<JohnHWatson> You solve cases over email?
“You,” John begins, then pauses. Licks his lips, the bottom one turned down at one corner in thought. He sets his mug on his thigh, holding it steady with one hand on the rim. “You can’t possibly think I mind. Jesus, Sherlock. That you like it at
JohnHWatson: Are you actually judging the accuracy of a little face on the internet?
, tasting like cologne and copper and teasing him with its teeth. His pulse throbbed in his ears; his lungs burned.
It was… it was too much, somehow. After John had been enjoying himself so far, just him and Sherlock without a mention of expensive gifts or money, and now the memory of yesterday’s disaster was being dragged up again like fish from a pond. John replaced the scarf neatly in the bag and set it on the table. “Thank you,” he said. “It’s… nice. It’s very nice.”
“Okay,” John says. “Fine. What do you suggest?”
“I… what? Why? I’m just making small talk!”
Sherlock comes closer, spellbound by the sight: the raised pink lines on either side of John’s spine like wings, beginning just below his scar. John allows Sherlock to swivel him round and examine them. There is no blood, no indication of lasting damage, although they are puffed-up and irritated, the top layer of epidermis scraped off. Sherlock looks at his hands and find flakes of it beneath his fingernails.
This time, when Sherlock takes the tip of John’s cock into his mouth, John sighs but doesn’t protest. He cradles Sherlock’s head tenderly and lets Sherlock suck until his jaw is sore and John’s entire body is stiff and trembling with the need to thrust up and fuck Sherlock’s throat until he floods it with semen.
And Sherlock closes his eyes with a sob, sucking mindlessly on John’s thumb and gripping Mycroft’s hands tightly, as his orgasm rushes forward and overwhelms him. For several heartbeats, he drowns in it; his cock pulses, spilling semen all over itself, and his arsehole clenches hungrily.
small? I’m not sure what sort of men you’ve been dating, but proportionately that’s actually quite large.”
“Rats?” he asked. “You’re doing experiments on animals now?”
Sherlock spun around to face him, his eyes almost comically wide with surprise. Probably he’d forgotten about John entirely.
Nothing about his and John’s lives or personalities were suited for raising children. From Sherlock’s toxic experiments to John’s illegal firearm and Sherlock’s silences to John’s anger. Not to mention the practicalities. Where would they put it? Who would be in charge of taking care of it? For god’s sake, where would they even
This. He could manage this. The immeasurable fondness, the feeling like he could float away at any moment, the utter certainty that all he needed was John’s friendship and he would be happy for the rest of his life.
The corner of John’s lip turned up. “Apparently we’ve come full circle. You used to not realise I’d gone and now you don’t realise I’ve come back. I left hours ago, Sherlock. I just got back… ten, maybe fifteen minutes ago.”
“All right?” John asked. “If it starts to hurt or get uncomfortable, let me know and”—he tapped the handle of the scissors—“I’ll let you loose.”
Sherlock grimaces. Of course Mycroft cannot keep his fat nose out of Sherlock’s business. Like a sniffer dog, he must always scent out Sherlock’s weaknesses and expose them.
A gesture? Gestures didn’t say; gestures implied. They could be misunderstood; they could leave him an out if he needed it.
, his body gives in.
I knew he did that on purpose.
“Bought you a pair of shoes. Similar style to your current pair, but sized appropriately, with much more durable leather and stronger arch support. I’ve left them at Speedy’s just like before, so you can pick them up at your convenience.”
“My bed,” Sherlock said into John’s hair. “Yes, precisely.”
Sherlock moves immediately, practically stumbling out of the chair in his haste to do as John wants. “Right, yes. Of course. I—”
Anyway, living with her hasn’t been as awful as I thought it might be. We mostly leave each other alone these days, aside from supper when we eat silently in front of the telly. Christ, I’m painting a terribly dismal picture of my life in this email aren’t I? I suppose at least now you understand why your ‘dull’ time in Manchester sounds interesting to me.
“Right. Well. I’m here, if you decide you want to talk about whatever’s preoccupied you.”
The flat had been cleaned since John had been there that morning. The magazine pages on the floor, the dirty mugs, the hordes of papers, all of it was gone, and the carpet bore the tell-tale lines left by a hoover being dragged repeatedly across it.
“I,” said Sherlock.
“The attached” turned out to be the most explicit photo John had seen outside particularly raunchy pornography. It had the same grainy appearance and purplish tinge as the webcam photo from last night. In it, Sherlock was nude, facing away from the camera, and bent over, holding his arse cheeks apart and giving John a perfect view of his arsehole, which was tannish and wrinkled and partly covered by a dusting of dark curly hair.
“Just one picture, Sherlock, that’s all,” Mrs Hudson said, still clutching the hat although the scratches on her hands stung terribly; the deepest two had even begun to bleed. “You don’t want to be like Mycroft, do you?”
“Hmm,” said John, sliding her hands down so she was loosely framing the bridge of Sherlock’s foot. Her touch was warm; it made Sherlock’s breath catch. “So you’re sensitive here?”
“What?”
,” she spat. “I’m not going to jam something in you with no concern—”
Jesus Christ, Sherlock.
Sherlock,
It might take a bit to figure out what I’m doing with the headset. I’ll respond to your email tomorrow and let you know when I can give it a go. :)
“Use the vibrator,” she said. And then, because they had amassed a small collection of them, she specified: “The wand. Your favourite.”
Instead, she grabbed two handfuls of Sherlock’s hair and twisted until the roots were taut, just shy of tugging on Sherlock’s scalp. Sherlock’s lashes fluttered, and she tipped her head even farther back, baring her throat in a way that seemed distinctly submissive.
After calling in sick to the surgery and cancelling Rosie’s minder, he strapped Rosie in to her high chair and mixed her up a bit of cereal. She was cheerful and lively, chatting up a storm as John moved around the kitchen and then scooted his chair closer.
Don’t be obtuse. No one is that much of an idiot.
And immediately wishes he’d said nothing, because John’s eyes go wide and then narrow, his lips disappear as he presses them tightly together. He’s employing Sherlock’s methods, and even if he fails—he quite likely will, he’s hopeless at deduction—he at least knows there’s something to deduce.
The phone buzzed.
He wanted to lie across John’s lap while John toyed with his arsehole and played with his hair and told him what a pretty greedy kitten he was, so clever, so perfect—everything that John had ever wanted.
He looked panicked for a moment, staring at John with wide eyes like he wasn’t expecting John to be home. And maybe he wasn’t. After all, ordinarily, John would be preparing to leave by now. But then Sherlock’s face lit up with an almost-manic grin.
I’m sorry. I’ve really cocked this up haven’t I?
Lestrade made a disgusted sound in his throat that Sherlock was reasonably sure he himself had made on occasion, particularly at crime scenes. “Oi, don’t get your knickers in a twist. The only thing I was implying is that John’s over the fucking moon for you and has been for ages.”
He had two new messages from SH in the morning. The first, sent minutes after John’s last reply:
If Sherlock hated it, he knew, they would never do it again. And if Sherlock said to stop, John would stop immediately—probably even apologise profusely for springing it on Sherlock in the first place.
He fetched a clean glass from the cupboard and tore open a corner of the blood bag with his teeth. Immediately John could smell it and felt his top fangs begin to drop. He saw that Sherlock’s had as well and also that he’d got a tiny smear of blood just below his lip, which he licked absently off as he poured half the bag into the glass.
The information to the right of the photo revealed that 071411120418—or SH, John supposed—was 33 years old and male and lived in London, although all the other fields—orientation, relationship status, and so on—were missing. SH hadn’t listed any fetishes or joined any groups, but he had written something under the “About me” section:
Stupid. Of course Mrs Hudson was made of stronger stuff than that. She didn’t even blink. “Well, with an attitude like that, I’m surprised he’s ever in the mood for it, to be honest. I suppose that explains the—”
Lestrade peered searchingly at John, who tried to seem benign and not at all out of place by Sherlock’s side (even though he knew very well that that was exactly what he was). “I have an entire
“Still all right?” John asks. “How does that feel?”
John inclined his head, accepting the praise.
“Who?”
Sherlock doesn’t retreat to his previous position, and it doesn’t occur to him that there is anything wrong with this until John returns and simply stands beside the bed, staring down at Sherlock as though he’s puzzled by what he sees.
“You don’t know about the two suicides? It’s in all the papers.” Still, Sherlock only looked puzzled, even indignant about John pointing out his lack of knowledge, so John shook his head. “Never mind. So what’s this, then?”
just after his shift. Then he turned, cast a scrutinising eye over John, and said, “What happened?”
With another sigh—not as heavy as it should have been given the situation, John recognised, nor was he as put off as he should have been, and for god’s sake, what was
<JohnHWatson left the game.>
Just something to keep in mind for next time.
.” Sherlock huffed, his shoulders drooping dramatically as though he were horribly disappointed in John’s dimness. “Talking in the context of sex. ‘Dirty talk,’ I believe it’s commonly referred to as, yes?”
She pushed John face-first into walls and doors and bent her over every piece of furniture in the flat that could carry their combined weight, all to put her closer to that little fabric strip and the healing bite mark it covered.
,” John said, in the half-sighing tone that meant she was getting very tired of saying this. (Fortunate, as Sherlock was getting very tired of hearing it.) She peered into the mirror over her shoulder, rubbing the back of her neck, where the skin was flushed an angry pink and marked with the blood-red outline of human teeth.
When he returned several minutes later, he froze in precisely the same spot and sniffed.
“Have you eaten enough?” said Sherlock. “There are the blood bags in the flat, obviously, but if you need something more now to tide you over until we arrive....”
“Because,” Sherlock says more quietly, “she might learn eventually, or perhaps not, but either way, we like her and we—accept her, shortcomings and unthinkable mistakes and all.”
<ScienceOfDeduction was killed by an assassin.>
I think we’re done here, you and I.
Dear god, why is Sherlock still here? He was meant to pick up a bag of toes, not have a heart-to-heart with Molly about John. He needn’t have even bothered with Molly. He knows very well where she keeps the body parts that she saves for him; he should have fetched them and then been off. He could be back in a taxi by now, scouring his inbox for a case.
So he traded his enthusiastic licking for gentle nuzzling and head-butting, which made John sigh—a contented sigh, as tender and welcome as an answering nuzzle—and stop trying to shove Sherlock off.
, he said.
Relief made Sherlock’s voice soft and whispery, and when he fell to his knees and reached for John, his gloved hands were greedy. He cupped John’s jaw, angled his head this way and that while his gaze roamed, taking in every inch of John’s face. He even peeled back John’s upper and lower lips so he could examine John’s fangs. Then he followed the dark, wet blotches of blood down John’s neck to his jumper and spied where John’s left sleeve had been rolled up for the IV, which was still attached, although Sherlock took care of that in one quick swipe. John flinched as the needle was ripped out and flung to the floor.
“Good. I’ll be back in a tick.”
<JohnHWatson> I’m getting a lot of marble. Is that good?
Giving in to his curiosity and the urge to be a little naughty, John tore open the packaging and removed the Fleshlight. The white plastic case was cold to the touch, as was the sleeve itself, although it began to warm quickly in his hands. Propping it against his knee, he circled one finger around the wrinkled arsehole. The material felt vaguely skin-like, as it was probably meant to, although not enough so that John imagined it could ever actually be mistaken for human skin.
“Erm,” John says, puzzled. “You… Sherlock, we’ve only got—”
“Great plan. Especially if you keep me company, at least for a little while.”
For two weeks now, all his free time was occupied not only by one particular dark mage and their joint affairs. Despite the license, without a new Balance, he risked a lot, using even the simplest everyday spell, and his case was so unique that he did not know who to turn to for help. Having lived like this for about a month, he was already seriously considering options for  evening classes. When Sherlock offered to use the services of one of his acquaintances, John didn’t even think to refuse. And he couldn’t imagine that his consent would eventually result in trips to the suburbs and communication with young mages and witches.
Easily jumping over the low fence, John became acquainted with something rather familiar crunching under his feet when he landed on the other side. In the grass, as far as the eyes could see, were hiding ripe apples, which no one was in a hurry to pick, except for the kids who came to the Temple to study, and who often didn’t even have lunch with them.
“Good evening,” John respectfully bowed to the floor, practically touching his forehead to the painted solid boards.
“Okay… Ah, thanks. And thank you for the gift, too.” He rubbed the earring out of habit and smiled, “I apologize for not thanking you earlier, there was no suitable opportunity.”
Inspector Dimmock came across as a rather capable mage who, despite his obvious youth, inspired confidence. A pleasant face and pleasant manners involuntarily inclined, and John immediately liked his aura, light beige with green splashes.
Holmes, confidently maneuvering through the maze of partitions, led them to someone's office. Through the thick transparent glass, it was clear that its owner was not there, not only did the secretary look puzzled, she was surprised to be distracted from the monitor when they appeared. In her sad eyes, it wasn't hard to read the obvious unasked question. John was sure that the same bewilderment was written on his face.
“Strange, I don't feel anything,” John was surprised. He gently ran his fingertips over the sore edges and shrugged his shoulders.
Much to his surprise, the witch had almost immediately called as soon as he had sent her the photo by e-mail with the description and a request to decipher the sign. In an agitated voice, with accent heavy from emotion Artifactist Su Lin Yao asked him to accompany her to the event indicated on the poster. All due to a sign he accidentally saw and had drawn attention to.
An echoing silence hung around him, broken only by his quiet steps. No random passers-by, no extraneous sounds, as if he were walking in a vacuum. His instincts screamed at him to speed up his pace so that he could quickly find himself in the illuminated section of the street, which suddenly seemed so far and dim.
“There is no longer any need for a hospital. I wrote to Mycroft,” Sherlock reassured him in a voice slightly hoarse with tension.
As soon as he took a seat in the farthest and darkest corner, a slight boy immediately sat down by him, the same mysterious acquaintance of Holmes, who had come to meet him at the station and silently lead him to the then, completely unfamiliar temple for the first time. Well, even with this, the dark mage was able to surprise him.
“Still have questions?”
“Since you, dear John, have now become an integral part of my brother's life, your safety has become as much a priority for me as that of Sherlock himself, so let me give you a humble gift. I dare to hope you both will appreciate it and will not refuse.”
They said goodbye hurriedly, or rather John said goodbye, Holmes, in his usual manner, having lost interest in his interlocution with the girl, hastened to leave. Having caught up with the dark mage at the elevator, he wanted to scold him for it, but changed his mind. It was easier to get a magical Storm to change trajectory than it was to convince a one-of-a-kind consulting mage of the benefits of etiquette when he had already gotten what he wanted.
Sherlock calmly sat down directly opposite his brother and froze in his usual manner, folding his hands under his chin in prayer. And while both Holmes were busy with their silent dialogue, glancing at each other, no matter how amusing it was to watch them from the side, John chose not to waste time in vain and carefully looked around.
Patrick, a young acquaintance of Holmes, had boasted of this place to him on his very first visit, and now John knew exactly where he could intercept the boy for an expected conversation. He didn’t want to catch the eye of one of the local priests, even less so of the mentor’s, with whom he couldn’t find a common language, and his mentor’s smug behavior didn’t contribute to this process in any way.
“I want to hear your thoughts.”
John wasn't scared at all. He did not know how others perceived what was happening, he suspected that it was not at all positive, but personally he felt calmer. Now instead of ribbons, the darkness was like a living creature that clung to his hands, face and neck, which were not hidden by his clothing. And now that his magic was no longer restrained with bonds, he was finally able to breathe deeply.
As soon as Sherlock mentioned the Ministry and the government in one sentence, he involuntarily immediately remembered Mycroft Holmes. After the memorable tea party, he was no longer present. Apart from the rare notes that Mrs. Hudson periodically passed on to John, the Necromancer didn’t interfere in their lives. Usually, in these short messages, something related to their life was reported, and such a form of care for him personally, even moved John a little. He suspected that Sherlock knew about this one-sided correspondence, but didn’t mind.
Examining her blond hair, pale skin and well proportioned figure, he still couldn’t make up his mind. Perhaps they should have looked at each other a little more, though he could clearly see interest in the witch's gaze.
And not only did he not like what was happening; his shackled magic thrashed uneasily, trying to free itself (1). He did not succeed, but he could see how the threads that fell on him began to glow, until this light began to spread further. Once again during the evening remembering the old dragon, he, of course, could not help remembering his words and how his magic reacted to the treasures collected by the ancient magical creature. Only now, instead of gold bars, cups and coins, there was a web, but the reaction was the same.
“But John, this is great practice of my method. Show me what you have learned so far.”
“You have an exquisite amulet-hairpin.”
“And many have problems with this?”
The first thing that came to mind was a portal. John now knew that this was not only feasible at home, as Holmes had demonstrated, but it was also heavily energy and labor intensive. Here, except for the echoes of simple spells and the ritual performed, there was nothing, and the Agents would immediately figure out if too much magic was used, or if its nature was strange. So this option disappeared immediately, and here his theories dried up.
And now, when John's emotions were not influenced by the moment, Sherlock was a little worried that he would remember about caution, rules, conventions and all that with invisible barriers and blinders constantly restrained him in ordinary life. It was obvious that now, when the adrenaline had subsided and the euphoria had also subsided a little, inherent sanity and practicality had returned to his John. He glanced over at their driver, no doubt missing most of the details that were really important, but Sherlock was always pleased that John was practicing and applying his method of deduction. After the driver, it was the turn of the streets flashing outside the window to find out which part of London they were in. And then an inquisitive glance came to him, and Sherlock could hardly resist not starting to fidget in anticipation. When Mycroft did this, he had only one desire - to run away, but now Sherlock was ready to reveal himself, to demonstrate all of him, all the darkness hidden inside. The very one that he gradually began to show to John from the very beginning of their acquaintance and unexpected partnership.
“Then let's get started. First, I'll show you your workplace.”
“Oh, do you have a Gift?” The witch's surprise pleasantly caressed the ear.
Artifactist Su Lin Yao, who remained to await their return under the supervision of Mrs. Hudson, proved to be pleasantly helpful in diverting John's attention unto herself. She could even be useful to them as a specialist, Sherlock decided. It’s a pity that they still couldn’t avoid Mycroft’s visit, and Sherlock was even ready to stoically endure his brother’s presence - he was sure to be useful to them. He had already dropped several calls from him after his short message, which undoubtedly should have greatly surprised Mycroft - Sherlock was rarely the first to initiate contact with him of his own free will, which now explained both the insistent desire for him to talk on the phone, and the appearance of an inconspicuous ministerial car on their street.
“We will see.”
“John!” a small head stuck out from the bushes nearby.
“How do you find it?”
sorry for delay - real life and other stuff
So I decided to post this chap half way so sorry for possible mistakes and strange wording - the faulf is all mine.
UPDATE: this week will be only one chapter. Sorry, my dears. And I think from now it will be only one chapter per week due to the RL of mine and my dear beta.
A pleasant familiar scent had been floating around the room for some time, John, straining his memory, nevertheless remembered what it reminded him of - sandalwood. For those who came, sandalwood had been burning without stint, and from its tart scent mixed with incense, he almost immediately began to feel dizzy and had watery eyes.
“In the kitchen!”
This show promised to be truly unforgettable for today's guests. Without even looking back, John felt that something extraordinary was happening behind him. He did not see, but he perfectly heard how Su Lin, standing next to him, screamed in fright, and other spectators immediately joined her, confirming his suspicions.
“Well, be it your way. But then don't say I didn't warn you. Let's go. I want you to take another look at the bedroom.”
As if overhearing his thoughts, Holmes turned and caught his eye. Unable to bear even a few seconds, John embarrassedly averted his eyes, trying to shake off the feeling that he was caught peeping. He shouldn't have been distracted, besides, the most interesting thing was just beginning to happen. The body on the table lifted and bent in an inconceivable arc, the cervical vertebrae cracked loudly, and the victim's head rolled to one side, so that lifeless, unseeing eyes stared at him again, causing a feeling of deja vu.
“Um...Thanks?” John took a last sip and leaned back on the spartan chair. Having decided to take what was said as a compliment, he had no choice but to silently agree with the obvious. He, too, considered his face expressive, which could not be said about the dark mage across from him. His rather indifferent face was usually animated by emotions for a narrow number of reasons, as John managed to find out during their, although brief, time together. And all of those reasons, as a rule, were associated with his Work. And experiments, which, however, were also part of the Work.
“John!” an impatient shout reminded him that they had come here on business. He smiled at the witch and hastened to approach the dark mage, already bent over the body. From experience, he knew perfectly well that it was not worth keeping him waiting or being distracted, exacerbating Sherlock’s malcontent. Now he had to manage, somehow, to combine the two works, succeed on both and not lose face.
“I came to keep you company. I said I would always be there.”
“No,” Sherlock’s answer, heard right in his ear, made him flinch in surprise. He could not get used to such a sudden reappearance of the dark mage, which he considered unfair. John was always proud of both his instincts and his reactions, but he still hadn't been able to guess even once when Holmes would decide to suddenly appear in front of him like this.
There was no longer just an old witch hurrying about her business. Instead, he saw a middle-aged witch, keen on growing edible magical plants at home, who, judging by her hair and paper bags, was in a hurry to celebrate the birthday of one of the household, most likely the eldest grandson. He no longer saw the cooing couple sitting opposite him, just ordinary young mages, who had just finished their Applied Magic courses. Before him sat two rather talented young people, indulging in dark magic in their free time and the creation of love amulets.
said "Yes" to editing my great (yes, I'm not modest, I just LOVE this work XDXD) fic "Mosaic" with Moran\Watson paring))))
“I can imagine how difficult it is to give you gifts for your birthday or New Year. I bet you always know what's inside.” Smiling, John gently released his hand and pulled on the tape, curiosity beginning to torment him.
Moreover, his family had a sad experience of dealing with such religious organizations. When his parents were alive, the Watson couple managed to spend a whole fortune on all sorts of fraudsters who promised them the salvation of the allegedly lost soul of their youngest daughter. While John was being shot at on the hot plains of Afghanistan, his sister fought her own battle against the prejudices of her own family. It wasn’t even surprising that it all ended with tinctures and elixirs, in which she saw her only salvation. He could frankly admit to himself that he had completely failed as an older brother. Therefore, although the somewhat obsessive care of Mycroft Holmes never caused him rejection or irritation, unlike Sherlock. For his part, he perfectly understood Holmes senior.
“Black Lotus. We need to learn more about this sect and visit its head office,” Sherlock stopped abruptly and turned to him. “And for that I need your immediate help.”
The incoherent noise of voices disturbed his peace, destroying the integrity of the moment, without regret he shook off the remnants of a slumber and sat up. He needed Patrick, although any child John saw with him would do.
Of course, from the very beginning, he began to suspect that Sherlock not only just treated him differently from the others. Other people's words and actions, as well as hints from Mycroft Holmes and from their mutual acquaintances, more than eloquently confirmed his thoughts about the nature of Sherlock's feelings for him. Likewise the people around them, from the very beginning of their sudden partnership, firmly believed that he and Sherlock were together as a couple.
Clearly and obviously accustomed to this kind of state of the apartments rented by the dark mage, the elderly witch didn’t even blink at the thickened blood in the cups or at the human teeth. Even the eyeballs in the microwave didn’t bother her. And when their little cleaning was over, she just cheerfully said goodbye to him and went down to her place, leaving him alone with the sealed message and his own thoughts.
So sorry for such late update - real life is so real))))
“I am not doing this on purpose.” Here, he didn’t even twist his heart, but nevertheless hurried to transfer the conversation to another and more burning topic. “Those yellow marks? Do you know what they mean?”
John slammed the laptop shut and turned his full attention to Sherlock. In someone else's request, he stubbornly heard the desire not to listen to his conclusions, but Holmes' desire to just listen to his voice. And it was not the first time that he caught himself on such thoughts, which meant that his inner conviction, most likely, did not deceive him.
“I didn't know that she was the Scribe,” John whispered to him, fascinated by what was happening. He sat unmoving at last trustingly hugging Sherlock.
“Anthea,” the brother commanded in his usual manner, which at times drove Sherlock to a frenzied, uncontrollable desire to break or set something on fire when they were children. However, having matured, little has changed for him.
“Should I stand in the middle?” John looked only at Anthea and, waiting for a nod in agreement, got up a little awkwardly from the sofa to stand exactly in the middle of not only the pentagram, but also their living room.
“What do you mean? I was just passing near, knowing that you were late at the Library, and I decided to give you a lift to Baker Street. I see I was on time.”
“Oh, it's hard to hide something from my dear brother, and it's good that we won't even try.”
If, from the outside, the Temple seemed not very big to him, as soon as he got inside, his impression had the time to change dramatically. It wasn’t even about the many spacious corridors - inside, the Temple resembled a labyrinth, and for the creation of which, even with his modest knowledge in this area, a lot of space was required. He would still understand if it was the Source or some other artifact. At first, John even suspected space curvature runes but he didn’t feel any spells, which meant there was a high probability that a highly talented architect simply had had a hand in the construction of the entire structure.
Holmes suddenly appeared behind him and stood quite close, so that his breath touched John's hair, and when he bent lower, hot breath tickled John’s neck, causing an involuntary shiver.
Throwing open the door nonchalantly, John already knew that it would not be Tony, from a Chinese restaurant two blocks from Baker Street, waiting for him on the other side. And the foreboding of trouble did not fail him, but he did not even have time to dodge the stunning spell that flew at him. Falling into the embrace of deaf unconsciousness, he only had time to think that at least Su Ling Yao was safe behind the protective barrier of their guard runes. The main thing was that the girl didn’t jump out after him, realizing that something had happened, as the skull, no longer fueled by his magic, didn’t answer her.
“Truly?”
John was ready to agree to anything, just to distract Holmes, so he resignedly followed him back into the dead man’s bedroom, without hope that even after a second examination he would see something new. He could, of course, ask Sherlock to share his findings and inferences, but he seemed to have already used up the entire supply of the dark mage’s goodwill for the day.
Barely audible children's voices merged into a monotonous hum, reminiscent of a mournful prayer, and he suppressed the childish urge to shout out something to get rid of this impression, at least for a moment. Today, weak spell threads led him down a hallway to a spacious, dimly lit room in which they were to spend the entire day with one single lunch break.
The elevator finally released them on the right floor, and he, obediently, followed the pensive Holmes. On the light walls of the spacious corridor were rare paintings. With surprise, John recognized them to be artifacts from the famous Royal Collection. He could definitely use a couple of them, or at least one of the artifacts for personal reasons. Though it might be that even the rarest and most powerful of artifacts would be practically useless to help his young acquaintances, to whom he made a promise to, and intended to keep.
There, in a damp, dark basement, shivering with cold, barefoot on the cold floor and reaching out to him for warmth, John looked perfect. Pale, with gray lips as if sprinkled with ash, with a naked torso and hardened nipples, he conjured thoughts in Sherlock's head that were far from caring. Such a John Watson, but completely undressed, he wanted to chain and immobilize again, so that he would not have the slightest chance of leaving, hiding or disappearing from Sherlock's eyes, avoiding his undivided power or his feelings. But even without the chains, John, reaching out to him himself, was more than a satisfying sight. So Sherlock did not even think to resist the urge to finally kiss him, as he had long wanted, to finally taste whether those mobile thin lips would taste bitter with ash exactly as he had imagined many times before or would feel like something else entirely.
“Um,” John glanced at his watch, figuring out his route in his mind and squinted at Sherlock. This time, the reason for his surprise was not admiration, but bewilderment. He had thought, and decided, to omit nothing, up until the part where Holmes had offered to pay his travel expenses. He wasn’t ready to raise this particular topic, and now wasn’t the right time. “Are you unhappy now that I am ten minutes late according to your calculations?”
At home awaited an instant dinner, a purification ritual that could not be postponed any further, and an entertaining reading of the new forum on dreams he found on the Internet. And this, of course, was dependent on the event that Holmes did not decide, in his usual unpredictable manner, to make his own adjustments to his plans, and, seemingly, he would have to once again postpone the purification for an unclear time. His phone display glowed cheerfully with a short message from his partner.
Wilkes has a high position, which he hastened to boast of, however John could not appreciate this, since he is far from interested or involved in this subject, and Holmes does not care about such things.
He only had one tactic left in reserve, but the most damning argument he had, he hadn’t wanted to use now, even if he could, but obviously his choices weren’t so rich, or rather he didn’t have any choice at all. Besides, it was necessary to act quickly before the young Inspector was cursed or worse.
"You've received long ago what you came here for. But you're still here, even if Mr. Holmes isn't conducting any investigation.”
“Done. And what are we going to do while we wait for them?”
As John managed to find out, this was the usual phrase used by the Seers and Oracles to reveal their visions. He had never participated in something like this in his life, therefore, he was a little confused. It seems that he should have said something in response, but the only thing that came to his mind was simple:
“As you already know, of my closest relatives, I only have a sister, with whom, moreover, I practically don’t communicate. But what about your family? I know of Mycroft, Are both your parents alive? Do you have any other brothers or sisters?”
Holmes, in his expensive coat and shock of unruly hair, stood out sharply as a darkly moving figure against the dull background of gray walls, bringing a gloomy animation with his presence. As usual, he was admired by strangers and repelled them in equal measure.  His predatory pale face was now adorned with a rare expression of pleasure and excitement. John watched him with admiration; he was suddenly filled with a sense of pride that this mage had chosen him, John Watson, as his partner.
“John Watson, Healer,” he deliberately omitted the part where he also appeared to be the partner of the consulting Dark Mage Sherlock Holmes. Now wasn’t the time nor the place for that.
“Both recently returned from China, and both flew there for work. Mr. Lukis wrote an article about rare artifacts; Wang Kun was on a business trip for the Exchange.”
They stood very close to each other, and the dark mage didn’t even think to move away, as if his invasion of someone else’s personal space was something to take for granted for him. If you think so, it was. And if usually those to whom he approached so closely preferred to flee, John never gave up his position, preferring to watch and wait.
Sherlock spread his legs wider enjoying the warmth in his lower abdomen. The memory alone made him feel hot, his breath snapped, and his heart beat faster — a familiar physiological response, usually unwanted, unnecessary, or inappropriate, but now he analyzed every moment and enjoyed it.
John looked around with interest - it seemed that no one had paid any attention to this act of vandalism. Even Sherlock had just glanced lazily over the heavy carved frame and raised an eyebrow questioningly, as if asking what might have interested his partner.
With the thin book in hand, and in high spirits from such a successful purchase, John hurried to the hospital. His first day on the job didn’t promise to be busy or difficult, but it didn’t matter. He couldn’t even remember the last time he could legally, without looking back in wariness at the Agents of the Ministry, apply his knowledge and skills in practice. And thus far, even if it was something simple in form, such as treating a cold or flu, he had indeed managed to miss such simple tasks desperately.
He scarcely used this word while in communication with Sherlock, only on rare occasions, but each time has had a tremendous effect on the dark mage. His eyes glazed over, and his face became like a wax mask, as if he were disconnected from reality and for a moment, fell into a world known to him alone. However, this too also quickly passed, and Holmes agreed to everything that had been discussed before this sacramental word was spoken.
John, on the whole, was not against Sherlock's often tactless interferences in his affairs. Moreover, their concluded contract tied them together, binding them to new obligations and restrictions in their shared lives. The dark mage, like no one else, knew how to dilute the gray, boring everyday life. Though he certainly wouldn’t have had any objections to ending his conversation with Dimmock with some kind of agreement instead of a curt, hasty goodbye. As a result, Holmes' appearance marked not only a new case, but also possible problems for John with his new Inspector in the foreseeable future. Nevertheless, he strongly suspected they were in any case, waiting for a lack of understanding to happen. And it wasn't only about Sherlock Holmes, albeit for the most part, the reason really was him. For himself, John decided to go with the flow and see where it will take him.
“Will it look like a Call?”
“For several months already. I'm still getting used to working with him, so I really hope for your help and support, Molly. You, yourself knows what it can be like.”
“Well, yes, but how will I find a new Inspector now, if Dimmock refuses to cooperate? And in such a short time? I don’t think it’s worth doing anything during the investigation.”
Having calmed the young mage, John decided to move on to the pressing issue, for which he asked to have this meeting. Conflict and misunderstanding with his own Inspector could cost him dearly in the future, so he decided to dot the I's as quickly as possible.
“Why couldn't you refuse?”
“Your intuition is excellent, trust it more. Even if you are wrong, I am there to correct you.”
“Thank you Mrs. Hudson. I'll take a look. Tea?”
Kissing John Watson turned out to be exactly as Sherlock had imagined - amazing, a little uncomfortable at the very beginning but absolutely and completely right. Out of habit, John tried to seize the initiative, but Sherlock did not allow it, slowly and surely forcing him to obey and give up control, as it should have been between them. John stood up on his tiptoes and buried the healer's experienced fingers in his hair to immediately start fiddling with them, and with ease allowing himself to be guided and led. John was clearly unaccustomed and embarrassed, he kept jerking nervously at other people's shouts and whistles, but, to Sherlock's satisfaction, he quickly got distracted and forgot about their involuntary witnesses.
After some time walking, a masonry of stones emerged from the fog as expected. The old cobbled road led down and up the slope, but like so many others, he had a tedious climb up, he lifted his head and peered up the hill. There froze, the blurry silhouette of a building that was already familiar to him. Tiled roofs, overhanging beams decorated with intricate carvings, and small windows – it was just one of a dozen other temples that threw open their doors for believers and seekers of Knowledge.
Mrs. Hudson was far more interesting to him now, than what the Ministry wanted to tell him and Sherlock. Firstly, few people could endure Holmes and his behavior for so long, John considered himself a rare exception, and thus confirming the rule. Secondly, despite her fading aura, he could easily read it, but even so, he still couldn’t identify her Class. Now, it was somehow embarrassing to ask about it, especially after so many months of acquaintance, and Holmes, only smiling mysteriously at all of his questions, and in his usual imperative manner, advised him to think with his own head, to apply his deductive method. John had even tried to do it a couple of times, but each time, he suffered a crushing defeat, though he decided not to give up until the last. And as a last resort, he could always repent, apologize, and ask directly.
“Who is it?” John looked at Holmes curiously. There was a possibility that he was going to meet another classmate of the dark mage or just a person from his past.
“Thanks for the praise, I hope I won’t have a reason to disappoint you… Though I am worried that unexpected calls from the Ministry won’t help with that.” There was no point in hiding it, moreover, during his interview, he’d already mentioned his other job. He only needed to prove himself to be an irreplaceable specialist so he would be forgiven for regular days off and occasionally skipping shifts.
“John.”
Catching a quizzical look in the reflection, he just narrowed his eyes in response. He didn’t believe that the dark mage could read his thoughts, which meant there was no point in panicking. Looking at the familiar figure standing behind him in a familiar coat and dark blue scarf, he could safely admit that they looked good together. His blond hair, as if powdered with ash, and skin with tan obtained on the plains of Afghanistan that was never washed off, ideally, in his opinion, contrasted with Holmes’ snow-white skin and his dark hair. Even in height and build they fit, complementing each other.
Looking around in curiosity, he shouldn’t have been surprised that amidst such a public group there was always someone who stood out even more than he for his interest in everything that happened. A girl with an Asian appearance immediately attracted his attention as soon as he crossed the threshold of the spacious conference room. There was something wrong about her, like he was looking at a distorted reflection. He too, probably also looked strange among all these people who came for fake revelations, but without the opportunity to look at himself from the outside, he could only make assumptions based on his feelings. All he had left was being glad that Sherlock wasn’t there; he was even too afraid of imagining how Holmes’ appearance here would end. At the least, as a disaster. That is, he would exactly look like a black sheep here. Or more correctly, a black raven. Imagining Holmes sitting next to him, John hastened to hide an involuntary smile, pretending to yawn.
“John, dear, you were being prepared to become a vessel,” Mrs. Hudson was the first to break the heavy silence.
“I insist.”
“Thanks. Somewhere in the Library there is even my monograph on this topic, but for obvious reasons, my method has not been widely used.”
The tight, fleeting embrace was a revelation for him. But he didn’t even have time to enjoy the feeling of Holmes’ broad shoulders or narrow waist under his palms, as Sherlock quickly slipped out of his hands. At least, pressing his cool lips to his ear, the dark mage in a hot whisper managed to inform him of his further actions:
The two-story Temple was unusual and splendidly beautiful. John even caught a glimpse of graceful shutters, lions and dragons standing still on the walls and around the pillars. There were many rooms and corridors, but what was hidden behind the sliding doors didn’t interest him - he found other people's secrets unnecessary for him. This he, thank Gods, hasn’t yet had time to learn from Holmes, who certainly wouldn’t fail to look into every room and into every crevice to satisfy his insatiable curiosity.
Thanks for reading and well)) waiting)))
Admitting Healer John Watson into his life, he realized, was like dooming himself to unnecessary emotions and experiences, but still he didn't expect that he would be so scared over someone. How Mycroft had put up with this for so many years, Sherlock had never thought about, nor did he want to and did not consider it necessary. Although he had to admit that several times he was even curious enough to discreetly observe the Inspector and his brother. If only that could provide answers to the questions that were plaguing him now, he might even consider forgiving them both.
John shuddered; it was obvious that he did not even know about such a prospect for himself. Sherlock watched eagerly as he flinched in disgust, as his gaze darted to Mycroft, as if worried about his reaction. Not worth it. It was easy to read from John's expressive face which thoughts and conclusions involuntarily visited him. Indeed his brother really did something similar to the ritual of "Eternal Night" and only for this reason now he did not rot from the inside and looked quite human.
Leaving the Exchange, they smoothly merged into a mass of people and deftly emerged from it at the very edge of the sidewalk. Holmes habitually brushed aside several carriages until a black compact car pulled up in front of them. By tacit agreement, they now only used cabs, pre-checking them for traps.
He didn't even notice how everything was quiet; Sherlock was only worried about the man breathing heavily in his hands. Mage. The Healer John Watson, who kept himself on his feet only thanks to the arms that grabbed him, and Sherlock would give a lot to be such a support to him as often as possible. And as soon as he thought about it, John pulled up, exhaled silently and straightened himself free from his embrace.
“Obviously, this fool will continue to only get in the way.”
“No... I see the past, but I cannot change it. The future only occasionally lifts the veil of secrecy, only the present passes through me, and I can sculpt it at my discretion.”
Sherlock sat up, pleased, impressed at his own cleverness. John could be rid of the Hamish that he despised but keep the H.
John was so surprised he actually took a step back. “I’m what?”
What?
“Kill first if you can manage it,” he said, mostly cheerful again. “I admit, there’s—” He breathed in, his eyelids sliding shut. His voice pitched deeper. “There’s nothing quite like feeling something die in your mouth… the slowing pulse against your tongue, but most creatures will fight you, quite viciously, and you’re weakest when you’re feeding.”
By that point, Sherlock’s knees had bent a bit, lifting his hips from the mattress. It was, he realised as soon as the plug was in place, perhaps not the best position if he didn’t want to masturbate. His cock hung beneath him, barely half-hard, but it felt so heavy, so insistent. It begged to be touched.
to Sherlock for far too long. A John Watson without a Watson was… no. A very strong no.
It is, Sherlock thinks, not entirely the most appropriate time for thought.
He clicked the message and read:
We are friends. Or I thought we were anyway.
“Of course he does. The location and pattern of your cat’s fur on his clothes at Christmas made it obvious enough. Very helpful, pet fur—you can always tell an animal lover from a person who barely tolerates them. Now—” Sherlock tosses his fringe from his forehead and grants Molly what he hopes is an appropriately bright, friendly grin. “—the toes?”
Only after the strongest of the aftershocks had passed did he realise how terribly, unforgivably selfish he’d just been, getting himself off without giving even a thought to John’s cock, and then he couldn’t pull out and climb off fast enough. As soon Sherlock’s weight on him was gone, John turned over. His penis flopped, mostly soft, and Sherlock thought his horror at his own thoughtlessness would choke him.
God, she was probably going to be in agony when she was finally freed. Still, John didn’t argue; she only nodded and lowered herself back down, settling in on Sherlock’s warm body for just a bit longer.
It didn’t matter. John thought fast, channelled Sherlock. Infinite confidence, infinite dickishness, infinite ability to talk.
John nodded, thrusting up again with a cry.
Sherlock feels ridiculous, like a schoolboy having to explain his behaviour to the headmistress, but nevertheless, he sits in the stool she gestures him towards and clears his throat, preparing to explain.
“What?” John says. “You want your toys?”
He was right about one thing at least: John was thinking about writing up the case. But he didn’t know what he would say, where he would even start.
His entire sense of balance was shot to hell, and his limbs were stiff and shaky. So much for vampire strength. He only made it up the staircase and into the flat with Sherlock shouldering most of his weight, half dragging him. John tried not to be obvious about sniffing him, but up close, his cologne always smelt divine: heavy and posh and with a hint of spice to it.
John shrugged, gesturing vaguely in the air. It was impossible, really, to describe all of what had happened then. Not without taking hours, anyway.
Sherlock filled in. To show his approval, he leaned in and swiped his tongue up John’s cheek, which made John laugh and ruffle Sherlock’s hair with both hands. A bit like Sherlock used to do to Redbeard, actually, back when—
Sherlock remembers all of this and huddles closer to John’s sleeping form and feels every bit the broken, bloody body on the pavement after he’d jumped, not the man who had stood up and straightened his coat and walked away.
Sherlock complies and is rewarded with a soft moan, John arching into his mouth.
To avoid thinking any more of appearance or worth, John took up one of the menus on the table and began to scan its contents, which confirmed what the name and the décor already suggested: Angelo’s was an Italian restaurant, and not a terribly expensive one at that.
—to take over three minor, hopelessly dull tasks I was required to perform and he’s promised to comply with any two requests I make of him at a future date, for a grand total of
John puts his mouth to the spout again and keeps it there, squeezes his eyes shut to savour the fantasy: Sherlock as a werewolf behind him, buggering him senseless—and Sherlock as a human in front of him, diabolically sweet and gentle as he fills John’s mouth with cock and praises him for letting himself be bred like a good boy, an obedient bitch, while John slobbers all over his own face and moans happily at how brilliant it feels, spitroasted on his two favourite cocks.
Sherlock relaxes and settles down on the bed, watching John paw through the drawers and sift through both Sherlock’s clothes and his own in search of his pyjama bottoms.
“Or my mouth. If you’d wanted.”
“Detective Inspector Lestrade contacted me after the second body was discovered,” said Sherlock. “The first—”
Sherlock spotted Lestrade’s face and went silent. Mouth small, jaw clenched, eyes narrowed.
The security charms, made once by a skilled craftsman, rang around them like disturbed bells, in harmony with the underground source. Now he could clearly feel it - the unhurried flow of water under the thickness of the earth, from which inexhaustible strength could be drawn. A truly ideal location.
A lot of thanks goes to
John winked at Su Lin and clapped his hands, pretending that what had happened was indeed part of the program. The witch, immediately understanding his hint, laughed with obvious relief and supported his idea:
“Oh, yes, yes! I, the Necromancer Molly Hooper, as the official representative of the Ministry, give permission to the mage Sherlock Holmes to participate in the ritual of Calling Souls. I take full responsibility.”
After a short greeting and an invitation to sit in a rather comfortable chair, an awkward pause hung between them.
John shuddered involuntarily. Of course, one quick glance in his direction was enough for Sherlock to know not only how he spent his day, but also that his dreams were not interrupted by another nightmare as a greeting from his past life. What Holmes called visions were just strange dreams to him, but the dark mage persisted in calling them that, giving them more meaning and importance than John himself would like to give them.
A white robe waited for him in the closet, and for a moment, his breath caught from the overabundance of feelings as soon as he touched the starched fabric. Gods, how he had missed it. If he thought about it, in his army days, he had, most of all, missed the uniform of the Healers. Putting on the robe, he not only began to feel better, like nothing else, it helped him to tune in to the right mood and get rid of everything extraneous from his head, in order to focus on treating patients.
John turned away from the window, deciding to take a break from the outside fuss. He hadn't noticed when Holmes had gotten so close that their shoulders were now touching each time the cab turned or slowed down. But now he had the opportunity to examine at close range, long dark eyelashes, high cheekbones and a sensual mouth, half hidden by a dark blue scarf, in which Holmes had buried himself, bowing his head to the phone. Long fingers fluttered across the smooth display, and John, once again, with slight envy, marveled at someone else's ability to be so clever with the thin soulless plastic. His phone, donated by his sister, had given him much inconvenience, and he had longing thoughts of going back to a simple button model.
Two murders, two suicidal rituals, and two messages. All this led to unhappy conclusions and required a thorough investigation, which, judging by Holmes' mood, they should have been doing already.
Suddenly a black flower bloomed over the body, its delicate, almost transparent petals spread out in all directions, bashfully touching and passing through Holmes. The illusion seemed not only voluminous, it appeared truly alive. The delicate flower reached for something with faintly swaying leaves, but as soon as Sherlock twitched in anger, the illusion disintegrated, dissolving into the air in black ash.
No matter how you look, in John's eyes, their dwelling being called cute was a big stretch, although, probably, from the point of view of the Artifactist, a lot of interesting things indeed were collected here.
On the whole, pleased with himself and the end of the evening, he simply walked down the street. Keeping an eye out for familiar yellow signs, his eyes stumbled upon the only one on the entire street, under which was a poster advertising the Lantern Festival. After photographing both the poster and redrawing the sign so that he could send it off to Su Lin, with whom he had exchanged contacts, he took another close look. But nothing else caught his attention.
The street to one of the Ministry buildings, in what, John decided, was supposed to take place the first and introductory hearing, was short-lived. The cab braked smoothly, and came to a stop at a graceful, carved gate with guards on display. The sweep of the driveway, neatly trimmed grass, and well-groomed flowerbeds, of which John knew little, but could still appreciate something visually and aesthetically beautiful, suggested status, wealth, and position in society. The building itself, as well as the interior decoration, was also significantly different from any Department of the Ministry which he had ever happened to visit. High ceilings, spacious halls and corridors, marble, granite, and wood trim, intricate carvings, wide staircases with twisted railings, and high monolithic columns - the eye rejoiced wherever John looked. Even the magic was unusual here.
(1) Artifactist is a mage whose specialty is directly related to artifacts: their creation, research, evaluation, finding, restoration, etc.
Quickly calculating in his head that he had some time left before the start of his first day at work, he decisively dived into a semi-dark room to get into the realm of old wood, leather, paper and dust. The sleepy salesman behind the counter at his question about the sale, waved him somewhere to the corner and immediately lost interest in him, so John had to look for the place directed in such an obscure way on his own.
The Force, feeling the weakened control, tried to escape from the yoke of Sherlock’s iron will, hurrying to surge into the bed and walls. John steadfastly accepted the first and strongest wave. A couple of hours ago he had already seen these dark like living ‘ribbons’, so he was not bewildered when they familiarly, carefully, wrapped around him. The rest were much less fortunate, only Lestrade remained on his feet, but he also had to lean on a chest of drawers.
“But why kill both?… Ahh. The killer didn’t know which was guilty?”
“And you can see and control the past, present and future?”
As soon as they exited the cab that had stopped at the sidewalk, the answer itself appeared before him in the form of another modern building with a bright spacious foyer and serious security at the entrance. Only a blind man would not have noticed the huge inscription of cast gold letters.
“You too don’t look like a person who believes in all this religious nonsense.”
He liked Sarah Sawyer from the very first minute of their acquaintance. Her golden aura evoked thoughts of a quiet summer evening and peace. With a pleasant open face and large expressive eyes, she seemed almost perfect to him.
While they were busy with the performance, the number of people on the street noticeably increased, so that now, before entering the subway, they had to wade through numerous walking couples, families with children and noisy groups of teenagers. The merriment was seething all around; from the abundance of spells used, anyone could feel dizzy, and the only salvation was in the giant runes of dispersion applied directly to the asphalt under their feet. They periodically met with patrols and Guardians, which instilled a certain optimism; yet activities like this have always carried a potential risk to the safety and health of citizens.
“… Yes. Yes. You don't think Mr. Holmes was serious in his threats, do you?”
Stopping abruptly and pulling the sphere out of his pocket, John threw it with all his might against the sidewalk, resulting in a blinding flash of light and a prolonged howl that made his ears ring and everything going cold inside him.
He couldn’t explain why the temptation to go into this particular bookstore or walk up to the corner where the shabby books and textbooks at bargain prices were collected. But he had the steadfast impression that he was being led, as if an unknown hand was pulling to come up and leaf through the old volumes and brochures left by someone. Even in such heaps, one could find a real treasure, and with hope, ran his fingers along the old spines or shifting one book to another to get to the lowest ones.
New Monday - new chapter))) have a good time reading)) comments and your thoughts on what is happening with boys are always welcome)
“Another victim was caught in the Spider's web,” although the words spoken were part of the performance, John was shocked to shiver by their ominous meaning.
“It's up to you, dear John. By the way, we are already here. All the best.”
“Is that a threat?” John turned his head in the direction of Holmes, and if he had not deviated in time, their noses might have even collided.
He never liked to look at the auras of dark mages or Necromancers, they, without exception, were ink stains, occasionally tainted with colorful splashes. The aura of the dark mage standing in front of him was not only familiar to him, he’d had time to get used to the rare red flashes, and to the ash-gray cocoon, behind which Holmes had skillfully hid himself from others when he needed to be lost in the crowd.
“I like everything.”
He never really liked the subway, but this method of travel was much cheaper than cabs, so when he was without Holmes, he always tried to save money. John did not like to go underground, each time involuntarily recalling his awakening in the shaman's dark dugout, which looked more and more like a grave. And now, even after so much time, he couldn’t help but think that he was burying himself alive, voluntarily going down the convenient steps directly to the turnstiles. And it didn't matter that there was metal, stone and other people around him - the sensations did not change.
“And what was that just now?” Now the Healer, who had volunteered for the Army, was talking to them. Sherlock's hands were already trembling with the desire to subjugate such a John, making him obedient.
“What was in your vision?”
With a theatrical gesture, throwing back the flaps of his expensive dark coat, Holmes simply stood between the legs of the murdered man and spread his right palm over him with wide-spread fingers. For several minutes, nothing happened, until the dark mage reached out his hand in a bright blue latex glove to the pale neck and, squeezing the dead man's throat, lifted it above the bed. John swallowed involuntarily, shaking off the phantom sensation of cold, strong fingers holding his own neck.
