“Shit.” He turns back to the witches who are glaring at Sam, their anger making the flames rise higher still. “Goddamn sons of bitches…!” The glaring continues, Castiel spotting the way each of their eyes flash green before focusing on Sam completely. His attention is briefly drawn away from the hunter as doors slam shut, Enochian symbols etched in to them so there is no way for either him or Dean to escape without Sam’s help.
“I’m gonna go too - Eileen promised I could help with baking if I managed not to spill anything.” Dean shakes his head, unable to keep the warmth he feels from showing on his face as he smiles at the nephilim.
“You know, when you said you’d be here the whole time, kinda figured it would include this bit too!” Castiel sighs before cupping his hands around his mouth again.
"Had to get some more ingredients to get you all fixed up - didn't realise I'd let my stocks get so low. Has been a while since I've had to use them though, so I'm not complaining about sharpening up some rusty skills. Especially on such a good patient." Castiel smiled, tail involuntarily thumping against the cabinet, taking him by surprise. He whipped around to try and see what it was doing, briefly getting caught in chasing it before realising what he was doing, sinking to the floor in embarrassment. He hid his face under his paws, trying to hide more as Dean laughed more at his antics, the embarrassment rolling off him in waves. Dean's laugh subsided, changing in to a sympathetic smile as Castiel willed the floor to swallow him whole.
“Took you long enough… What were you even doing?” Dean’s voice is muffled against the leather of the back seat, turning his head mid sentence so he can be heard more clearly. He purposely ignores Sam’s snicker, flipping him the middle finger before turning his attention back to Castiel.
“Right answer.” Dean lifted Castiel’s hand to his lips, pressing a gentle kiss to the knuckle before looking back out to the sky. “Home it is.”
"I dunno. You tried to fix me, an' I fell asleep, an' I waked up like you... You maked be better, Cas!" Castiel ran over these events in his head, remembering his grace brushing against something within Dean and the feeling of electricity that accompanied it. Then it hit him - the something had to have been whatever the witch left behind to affect Dean, and an invasion of grace had altered the spell so rather than just de-aging the hunter, it had turned him into a fledgling. Castiel hit himself in the forehead in realisation, making Dean jump again and giving him more lift that he had before.
“You okay, Cas?”
“Cas... Damn... Need you...” Castiel looked straight into Dean's eyes, the green flecked with gold and overflowing with trust, causing the angel's wings to wrap around the hunters with a softness he wasn't aware he had.
“After you.”
“Cas... You – ah!”
"... You're not a normal dog, are you?" Castiel rolled his eyes. The only way he could respond properly to this stranger was if he had any magic, and Castiel couldn't feel anything coming from him. He looked again at the stranger; their eyes furrowed in confusion, waiting on an answer. He lifted his head off his paws, shaking his head as best as he could before setting down again with another huff. The stranger inched closer, looking for permission to do so first, leaning closer with interest.
“... Holy crap.” He inched closer, ignoring the urge to reach out and touch, opting for reaching the angel instead. He knelt in front of Castiel, wonder plastered all over his face.
Castiel closes his eyes, moving both paws over his nose as he steels himself to tell Dean.
he looked.
Dean shrugs, letting Castiel’s face free as he moves to stand up, brushing twigs and leaves from his jeans.
“Hey.” Castiel’s voice is quiet as he lifts Dean’s face to meet his own, the softness of it making Sam turn away to give them as much privacy as the side of the road can allow. “Everything you’ve done so far has defied expectations, every obstacle you’ve overcome with ease. This isn’t going to be any different, because you’re
“Good. Now, whatever you do, don’t let go until I say so. Do you understand?”
“Awesome!” Dean beams as Sam stares at him, not quite believing that his brother has just helped to smite an entire coven. His wings shudder slightly as Castiel gives his hand another squeeze, a small smile on the angel’s face as he looks at their entwined fingers.
“Someone’s cheery this morning.” Dean’s voice was still laced with sleep, the words almost indecipherable as a yawn dwarfed the latter half of the sentence. “Ooh… Is there any of that for me?”
“No.”
“Y’know… You’re taking the whole ‘being dead’ thing a lot better than I expected.” The words took Dean by surprise, almost dropping the bottle as Bobby spoke.
“His grace is very low... I think smiting that witch took a lot more out of him than he anticipated it doing.” Castiel softly ran his fingers over Dean’s face before standing upright again, ignoring the confused look on Sam’s face. “We need to get him out of here before the rest of the coven come to investigate the screaming, and the light. I don’t imagine they’ll be too happy to find another dead member in this warehouse.” Sam nodded, putting the soft touch to the back of his mind to ask about later.
“Seriously, you gotta try to keep up with me, Cas. Don’t want you getting lost or something.” Castiel looks at the floor rather than the Empath’s face, embarrassment rolling off him at how easily he let himself get distracted. Dean lifts his head up, scratching behind Castiel’s ear as he lowers his voice.
“Hmm?”
” Castiel is sure he’s never heard Dean beg so much before, the plea almost broken up by sobs in the way his voice is so cracked and needy.
The word seemed to go over his head, the invisible spot taking all his attention. Castiel huffed, moving towards Dean and nudging his chin up with his muzzle.
“So… This is what you look like when you’re not a dog?”
“Did I do something wrong? What’s funny?”
“I'm fine. I am, however, worried about Dean.” He turned to look at Sam, the younger Winchester's brow furrowed in concern. “Sam, I'm fine. Save your concern for your brother.” Sam turned back, the buildings becoming denser the further they drove. One building blended in to the next, a wall of red brick, boarded up windows and broken glass that didn't seem to want to change any time soon. Sam could feel himself starting to zone out, the monotony of the buildings almost lulling him to sleep, not paying as much attention as he should have been. Castiel's arm flying across his chest brought him back to his senses, swerving the Impala as the shock of the movement set in.
“And you know what the real kicker of it all is? My Dad died still thinking I was useless. And that shit
Castiel stood up, nudging Dean’s leg with his head until the Empath looked at him. He was surprised to see tears threatening to spill over, his own heart clenching at the way Dean was trying to stay in control of his emotions, to not let the Familiar see him in what he undoubtedly thought was a weaker state.
“... Shut up.”
“That one. Although, something about it feels...” He tilted his head the other direction. “Different.”
The pause felt weighted, and Dean could feel the sigh.
“Your run, then we talk about it. It’ll give me time to figure out…” The blush creeps back on to Dean’s cheeks, Castiel placing his hand on his arm where the brand to mark their bond is as Dean’s blush darkens. “It’ll give me time to figure out how to word everything. Hopefully.”
“I’m serious. I’m even gonna mark it on the calendar, make it official.” Dean’s heart swells to see the deep blush cross Castiel’s face, giving his hand a gentle squeeze before bringing his knuckles to his lips to place a tender kiss there.
“Honestly? It’ll just be nice to get home in general. It’s been a long couple of weeks.”
“Wait, so if Sam is with you... Does he know about, um...?”
“Enochian?” Castiel nods at Dean’s question, fingers ghosting over one of the letters before turning back to Sam.
"I don't know if that will work-" Dean moved his fingers from forehead to lips and headbutted Castiel again.
"I'm not magic, Dean. Magic did this to you, I'm an Angel of the Lord."
“Just - hang on. If I could just about fit through, there’s no way you can with your wings like that. I need to- HOLY SHIT!”
“You have broken bones in your wing.” Castiel pauses, taking a deep breath as he puts his hands in his pockets. “Unfortunately, they’re not all in the same place, which means it’s going to take longer for everything to heal. Realistically it’s going to need strapping up to restrict its movement, to give the bones the chance to actually heal properly.”
Dean really does look guilty then, an embarrassed blush crossing his face as he finds a speck of dirt on his hands to pick at rather than look at Castiel.
“I… I understand your reservations about it, but… I thought you’d be pleased that you’d have something to celebrate rather than… I’m sorry. I should have discussed it with you before making the decision.” Castiel moves to stand, eyes going wide as Dean grabs his wrist.
"Cas...!" The wail had subsided into a sad whimper, and Castiel felt his heart sink. He sighed again, and wandered over to the fledgling whose face lit up at the thought of getting attention.
“This is, uh, really touching, but we need to get out of here. Now. Witches?” Dean steeled himself as he nodded, wings settling in a defensive position that matched Castiel’s, marching forward slightly before turning back.
“Happy Birthday, Dean.”
A rumble brought Dean back to his senses, unaware of when he'd fallen asleep in the first place. His shoulders still burned with his wings being spread out for so long, his back aching from not being able to move. The rumble was the first noise he had heard since the conversation he had had with Castiel, something about it sending shivers down his spine, unnerving him. He looked around as best he could, trying to work out where it was coming from, straining to figure out what it actually was. Just when he thought he had it, it seemed to shift, moving to the other side of him or above him, constantly on the move, serving to piss him off more and more.
“Anything?”
“Well, I ain’t known for my charm.” Dean laughed again as he shook his head, downing the rest of his beer with a sigh. “You want another?”
“I… What I’m trying to say is… I love you too, Cas.” Dean lets out a shaky breath, pulling away just enough so Castiel can see the honesty in his eyes. “But it shouldn’t have taken for me to die to say it back. I should have said it so much sooner.” Castiel laughs, wiping away tears as he nods. The smile that meets Dean when he lifts his head back up is breathtaking, and he can’t help but match it with one of his own.
“I love you too.” Castiel shifts, moving close enough to press a quick kiss to Dean’s cheek before sitting back. “Now… Do you want help getting that on, or do you just plan on staring at it all day?”
“I don’t know what you’re on about.”
"It's my fault you're like this, Dean. I couldn't stop the witch, and when I tried to heal you, I did this instead. I'm sorry-" Dean's hand over Castiel's mouth stopped his rant, taking Castiel by suprise. He could feel Dean experimenting with the bit of grace that had passed over, trying to reassure Castiel as best he could, but the nerves of not knowing what to do passed over easier.
“That may very well be the biggest understatement I’ve ever heard, Dean.” Dean can’t keep the smile off his face, even as he rolls his eyes at the angel. “Shall we?” Castiel turns, gently pulling at Dean’s hand as the hunter nods, trying to remember the rhythm he’d built up to help propel them home.
“... And you just expect me to believe that?” Castiel turned to Sam, rage barely contained, and stared with such ferocity that Sam was certain the angel was staring directly at his soul. He flinched, looking down at his hands before finding the courage to look back up again.
“Yes.”
“See something you like?” Castiel smiled coyly behind his mug, giving Dean an innocent look as he opted to take another sip rather than answer straight away. “What’ve you got going on up in that head of yours, hmmm?”
Castiel nudges Dean’s leg, making it look like that’s how he got his attention as Dean looks down.
“Not a
“And she thinks that gives her the right to treat you like shit?”
I don’t know if it’s the book though. I- Dean?” He stood, brushing bits of fluff off his legs as he turned back to Castiel. “Take it off me.” Dean blinked, dumbfounded.
"It's not that bad, y'know. Everyone does stupid things from time to time… Although, a dog being surprised by their own tail is a new one by me." Castiel whined, still wanting the floor to swallow him. Dean laughed again before setting down on the floor beside him, hand finding its way back in to his fur. They sat like that for a few minutes until Castiel moved his paws off his face, apology written over his features as best he could.
“Comfortable?”
… I can’t promise it.”
“Then, by that logic, I choose September. Specifically, the 18th.” It takes a few seconds for Dean to realise why that date sounds familiar, pulse quickening as the realisation dawns on him. Castiel still offers no further explanation as he sips quietly from his coffee, watching Dean carefully as if to gauge his reaction. The hunter takes a deep breath, letting it out slowly as he schools his features back to almost neutrality; curiosity just about winning as he tries to put his racing thoughts into words.
terms, Cas, not hers anymore.” Castiel can feel his tail give a feeble wag as he tries to imagine doing any of the things Naomi had forbade him doing, his tail picking up more speed as he imagines doing those things with Dean at his side. He just about hears Dean’s laughter as his thoughts race through his head, wondering what about this Empath has him feeling so… He can’t work out what the feeling is, unsure why his heart is suddenly going a million miles an hour, why his tail continues to pick up speed.
“May I test something?” Dean looked up from his hands long enough to notice a small blush across Castiel’s cheeks, hands wringing together in nervousness.
“Why can I do that? I- I’m not a witch.” Dean clapped again, the flames extinguishing themselves as he stared at the now empty spot in his hands. “Huh.” He clapped his hands together again, an almost child-like look of joy on his face as the flames came back. Castiel laughed, shaking his head as he watched Dean continue to clap over and over, getting used to the novelty of being able to do the slightest bit of magic.
Castiel huffed, closing his eyes as Dean lay his hand gently on his head, unconsciously beginning to stroke him as another weary sigh escaped him.
“Bitch.”
“Take it off me. Whatever’s rolling off it seems more drawn to you than me…” Castiel stepped forward hesitantly, holding the book out for Dean to take. Dean blinked again, leaning over the sofa as he moved to take it, trying not to let himself be puzzled too much at the Familiar’s sudden need to get rid of it. He blinked again as he took it, eyes going wide at the warmth radiating from it.
Dean swallowed thickly again, trying to look away from Castiel. He growled, Dean’s gaze quickly snapping back up to level with the Familiar in front of him, a surprised look on his face.
“Happy Birthday, Dean.” He beams at Dean again before leaving the room himself, closing the door behind him with a soft click as Dean lets out a long breath. Castiel lets out a small laugh, earning the hunter’s attention as he looks towards the former angel.
, careful is my middle name. I know what I'm doing, just let me handle it." More pauses as they paced back towards Castiel. "Yeah, whatever." There was a soft thud somewhere to Castiel's right, and the mysterious voice groaned. There was another groan, closer this time, followed by the gentle hand resting on his fur again.
“Oh?” Dean took another swig, giving Bobby a confused look as the older hunter just raised his eyebrows.
” Castiel saw the way Dean froze again as the bubbles disappeared, climbing back in to the pot as instructed. He gave a small but reassuring smile in response to the panicked look that had settled on Dean’s features, keeping himself calm for Dean to draw from.
"Dammit." Castiel crept forward, nosing at his hand to get a better look himself.
“Hmm.” Sam sighed, the response doing nothing to calm his worry. Instead, he turned back to the road, keeping an eye out for the warehouse Castiel had described. Castiel shifted his gaze from the road ahead of them to the buildings that were beginning to line the street, himself keeping an eye for the offending warehouse, hairs standing up on the back of his neck. He shifted where he was sat, the fidget briefly pulling Sam's attention from the road.
“All I’m- SHIT!” Dean shot up, nearly putting his hand back in to the broken shards of mug in his hurry. “Shit, shit shit…”
“Thanks.” He cleared his throat and tried to shake off the nervousness that seemed to have settled in his chest from nowhere. “So, yeah. I've been thinking. What if I decided that... That I don't want to get rid of the wings? I mean, I'm still me, I can still hunt, I can get used to them being there-” Castiel cut off his rambling with another kiss, but this time Dean could feel the passion behind it that wasn't there last time, the longing that seemed to cross over. Both hands cupped Dean's face as he tried to express as much emotion as possible through the simple act, only pulling away when Dean tapped him on the arm.
"Cas..."
"They pretty Cas. Other angels are silly." Dean yawned, pulling himself closer to Castiel's chest and wrapping his own wings around himself. "Tired, Cas."
, doesn’t it?” Dean shrugged again, wings settling in to a more relaxed position on his back now that the immediate danger has passed. His wings flare up again when he doesn’t see Castiel - head and body whipping round as he tries to see where the angel has gone.
“... Where did you find it?” Castiel turned, pointing in the direction of the sofa before turning back. “Cas…
he had picked up on had him dumbfounded, gaping in front of the sink like a fish out of water. He didn’t-
"I don't know what to tell you, okay? I panicked!" The hushed voice moved further away before moving closer again, Castiel hazily realising they were pacing. "No, it just ran out in front of me, I didn't have a choice." The voice sighed, sounding tired before moving further away again.
“For spells.” He cradled the feather, electricity flowing up his fingers, grounding him again.
"Let me go, Cas! Let me go!" Dean's now high pitched voice next to Castiel's ear was not something he had been expecting, quickly letting go of Dean in a vain attempt to stop his ears from hurting. He rubbed the inside of it in an attempt to stop it from ringing, looking at Dean with his usual calm expression.
“Can I help you?” His tone is curt, letting her know he has no time for any bullshit she may be about to spew.
“Shit.” Sam slowly moved away, closer to the forge and the strange feathers, trying to figure out how to safely get rid of this coven without losing Castiel or even Dean to a wayward witch. He impulsively grabbed one of the stakes and feathers, putting them in to an inside pocket of his jacket before hastily making his way out of the room. Luckily for him, Castiel hadn't moved, although his eyes were still closed and a more relaxed expression was on his face. Sam looked confused, but quickly pushed the feeling to one side as he gently nudged the angel to get his attention. His eyes opened slowly, softly lit with grace that eerily stayed as Sam motioned that they needed to move. Castiel squinted as Sam pulled out the stake and the feather, the angel's attention snapping to them, his whole posture changing. The grace faded away as the stake was grabbed out of the hunter's hand, anger flooding Castiel's face.
“Shhh… I’m here, Cas. You’re okay.”
“Damn yes.” Castiel chuckled at Dean's whimper as he withdrew his finger, looking him straight in the eyes as he inserted two, angled the same way as the one on its own. Dean's eyes closed and his head fell back as he felt Castiel scissor his fingers, preparing him for more to come, and he pressed back to try and get as much of Castiel's fingers as possible. Castiel pressed his lips to Dean's throat, murmuring words of encouragement and praise in to the hunter's skin as he began to come apart on the angel's fingers. Another small whimper left Dean as Castiel withdrew his fingers once again, quickly replaced by a moan as three fingers replaced the two, the slight burn lighting up all of his nerve endings in a way that Dean didn't think he'd ever be able to put in to words.
“Don’t. Don’t be sorry.” He gestures back to the bench, hand moving so their fingers are intertwined as Castiel sits back down. “You’re right, y’know? Being able to look forward to it
“Huh.” The way they looked so natural on his back unnerved him slightly, as though they'd always been there, and he shuddered slightly. Dean shook his head – why was he doing that so much? - and leaned to the sink, letting the cold water run before splashing some on his face. He let the drips run off his face, falling in to the sink one by one, looking up to stare himself dead in the eyes. The bright blue eyes that returned his gaze sent him reeling, knocking in to the bathroom door and blinking rapidly to try and clear his vision.
“I’m the oldest. It’s the law.” Sam grumbled, turning away again as Castiel offered Dean a soft smile at their antics.
“Like you said - how else are you gonna get back?” There’s a laugh in Sam’s voice that Dean wants to punch out of his younger brother, fist clenching again as he very seriously considers it. Castiel’s hand is around it before the thought can get much further, gently guiding it back to his side before locking their fingers together.
"Cas! Look what I got!" Dean span around, giving Castiel a full view of what was keeping him in the air, and Castiel's stare got impossibly wider.
"You gave the lamp an ouch Cas!" Castiel turned to see what Dean was on about, frowning when he saw the broken lamp on the floor. He extended his arm with his eyes closed, moving the lamp back to its original position and fixing it in the process. Dean gasped in amazement, giggles stopped sharply when Castiel's arm extended.
Dean doesn’t say anything; both his hands winding their way into Castiel’s fur, grip tightening as he brings his head down to join them, resting it gently on top of Castiel’s. It takes him a few seconds to realise that Dean is
“That won’t be necessary,” Cas cuts in before Dean can figure out a reply.
Castiel smiles softly, tries to pull this back from that too-earnest ledge that often has Dean retreating. “You’re
Cas actually starts to rise from his seat before Dean puts hand on his arm to stop him, his heart thudding unpleasantly. “
Dean’s too afraid to ask what that means, what that fucker might’ve said to Cas. He sighs instead. “Yeah, he’s a dick,” he says vaguely, then he realizes Cas has a brown paper bag in his hand. “Uh, Cas?” he asks, confused. “What is that?”
“It was my mistake for assuming I had upset you,” Cas allows, “But how was I supposed to know otherwise?”
by a crowd that might not exactly be the most open-minded.
,” behind him, he realizes he’s only delaying the inevitable. He slowly closes the refrigerator, not turning to look at her but very aware of her hovering at his elbow. “Where would we even go?” he asks flatly. The question was meant to appear rhetorical, but in all seriousness, what even makes her think this plan is even doable? Their neck of the woods isn’t exactly known for its vibrant nightlife.
Cas seems to get the message and steps back, helps to bear Dean’s weight as he tries to slide forward off the counter. Dean feels himself blush all over again, thrilled by the strength in Cas’s arms for the brief moment he’s supporting Dean’s body before Dean’s got his feet back on the ground. Cas takes another step back to give him space, hands dropping to his sides, and Dean’s left with an odd sense of loss.
There’s a thousand ways Dean could answer that, but he’s struggling to hold Cas’s gaze, head swimming. “This,” he mumbles vaguely, and it’s a cop out of an answer, doesn’t scratch the surface of all that he wants, of what he’s craving most right now, but at least it’s true.
Dean feels so impossibly tight around him, but he looks surprisingly relaxed, lips parted, breath steady. What little tension he has is from excitement, not apprehension, and the trust that Dean has in him, no worries or hesitation, is enough to leave Castiel reeling.
Dean doesn’t manage more than a vaguely polite smile and a rushed
Cas’s expression hardens again, offering a scowl in return but not rising to the bait. He tries to look less stormy when he turns back to Dean, but Dean can see the agitation simmering below the surface. “We have alcohol at home,” Cas offers. “Perhaps we should do our drinking there instead. I don’t care for the atmosphere here.”
“No, Cas was,” Dean clarifies, and he actually finds himself laughing in disbelief. “Had the smite-y face going and everything.” At the time he’d been anxiously trying to diffuse the situation, but looking back on it from a safe distance, the thought of Cas getting all righteously angry stokes a pleasant sort of heat inside him. He smiles at the memory, despite himself.
can’t explain, no matter how determined he is to unravel them.
Dean can still feel that energy radiating from Cas, and he soaks it up as long as he can, disappointed that it starts to fade the longer they lie here. He doesn’t even need to see Cas’s face to recognize the guilt that’s probably creeping up on him, now that he’s feeling more clear-headed after getting it out of his system. He’s probably mentally taking stock of their situation and everything that got them here, still in the parking lot, just outside this woman’s apartment.
Dean can see Charlie grin in his peripheral vision, and he knows he’s made a mistake: engaging with her has given her an opening, and she’s ready to pounce and close the deal. “For real?” she asks, eyebrows raised. “You know there’s a place like a half hour from here, right?”
He knows Dean has a handle on this, calm and confident as he lets her crowd him towards the wall, taking more time to string her along than Castiel had hoped. He tells himself there’s no reason for the gnawing sensation in the pit of his stomach, the tension returning to his jaw.  Really, it’s one of the more run-of-the-mill jobs they’ve worked in months, so Castiel’s sure Dean’s actual risk is low, and the impulse to intervene shouldn’t be nearly this strong, but…
As Cas stretches out beside him on their mattress, he looks like
Dean briefly looks at Cas again, lips quirking into a half smile, trying to concentrate on the road instead of Cas’s gorgeous profile and not entirely succeeding. “I know you’re not trying to fight my battles for me, Cas.” He can genuinely say that he’s never taken Cas’s protectiveness as an assumption of weakness on his part – the only one making Dean feel weak here is himself. But maybe Charlie was right, maybe it’s okay to let Cas be fearless about these things for him, until he catches up. “I appreciate you sticking up for me.” His smirk widens, the pitch of his words dipping low. “Kinda like it that you’re willing to Hulk out to defend my honor,” he adds with a teasing laugh. “Makes me all tingly.”
Dean’s not sure he buys that. Cas doesn’t look sweaty – or like he’s exerted himself at all, really, and contemplating Cas’s
“Would you like another, then?”
, he doesn’t know.
“Dude,” Dean says with a laugh. “Obviously.” When Cas’s inquisitive expression doesn’t waver, Dean forces himself to continue. “I mean, you know they’re like… fucking gigantic, right?” That’s a safe enough observation to voice, instead of how capable and clever they are, how warm and secure they make Dean feel.
,” Dean whines. It doesn’t hurt, exactly, but the sensation is almost overwhelming, bright and sharp in a way it isn’t when they drag things out beforehand. “That’s it, Cas,” he adds when he remembers how to breath, making sure to be vocally enthusiastic, so Cas won’t interpret his broken gasp as anything other than pleasure. Because the last thing he wants is for Cas to stop. “Yeah, just like that.”
now. He wishes he’d been able to do it sooner.
Dean opens his eyes at Cas’s question, not realizing he’s chewing his lip until he releases it, self-conscious over the way Cas is studying his face. “Yeah, I’m fine.”
The realization is almost enough for him to step up and reveal
He keeps going with one finger for as long as he can stand it, and when he tries to add another, Cas doesn’t stop him this time. He could cry at how good it feels, toes curling at the added stretch, contorted and totally on display for Cas, but after a while he growls in frustration again, can’t get the angle right and it’s
“Well?”
The first day of a case often drags, but it’s not just the usual fatigue from routine interviews and fruitless research that has Dean breathing an exaggerated sigh when he and Cas finally step into their shared motel room. Cas has been in a
. Son of a bitch.
Finally, after they have dinner together, the atmosphere almost unbearably charged, Cas makes his move. He corners Dean at the kitchen sink the second the table is cleared, his hands slipping under Dean’s shirt, mouth passionately pressed against Dean’s. “Let’s go to the bedroom,” he suggests, lips grazing Dean’s jawline.
He tries to make it quick, nervously checking the rice even though he knows it’ll be done faster if he just leaves the lid on, eyeing the beans and deciding they’ve simmered long enough.
“You know,” Cas says slowly, almost casual. “There’s an apartment building across the street.”
*   *   *
“Have fun,” he says with a grin, clapping Sam on the arm and sauntering away, pleased with himself for effectively worming his way out of potential unpleasantness.
Dean narrows his eyes at Cas, suspicious. “Okay, that one you’re definitely making up.”
Dean obviously knew where this was all going but it really sinks in once he’s haltingly crawled into place, draped across Cas’s strong thighs, hands already fisted in the bedding. Christ, Cas is… Cas is going to
and their impractical décor. “I, uh, I dunno how that got there.” Charlie’s a prime candidate, but Sam’s the one with the freakishly long reach, can probably put the star on the tree without a ladder, just like the Bumble in Rudolph.
“People are assholes, Cas,” Dean replies bitterly. “We’ve been over this.”
“Yeah,” Dean admits, and Castiel can almost see another protest forming in his mind, but he seems to stifle it.
, but under those heady emotions there’s always a strange sense of comfort and safety that Dean never wants to let go of.
Dean barely hears him, raiding the cabinets for some food he can make a quick escape with. “I’m just gonna—” He pauses to take an entire box of cereal, opening the fridge to grab a nearly full carton of milk. “Uh, eat in my room,” he finishes as he snags the first thing that remotely resembles a bowl. “Got work to do.”
“Yes,” Castiel replies, looking at the waitress from across the room. “Let’s go.” If he can’t make things between him and Dean clear while they’re in public, he’s determined to make it count once they’re alone.
Almost too soon Cas withdraws, the two of them breathing heavily, Dean sore and used and deliriously happy about it. “Christ,” he groans, taking stock of his own come streaked on his stomach, Cas’s slowly leaking out of him. “You really love making a mess of me, huh?”
Castiel blinks. “Me?”
“What do you think? Wendigo?”
echoing in his mind like dialogue stolen from a romance novel protagonist, perched at the rugged hero’s side, but he can’t be berate himself over that right now.
Dean takes a sip of the beer, not even bothering to check the label. He trusts Charlie’s taste. And he’s not
“No way,” Dean fires back. “You’re making that up.”
They don’t speak about it for a while after that, though Dean definitely hasn’t forgotten about it. He’s even willing to bet that Cas hasn’t forgotten about it either, but he’s not sure if it’s the same for Cas, if he’s feeling that same knot of anticipation form in his stomach. Dean can’t get it out of his head.
” Dean clarifies, without missing a beat, and Castiel’s in awe of the unfettered joy shining on his face, the way he takes pleasure in affirming it out loud yet again, not even concerned about what other people might think of that information.
And oh, okay, that’s—that’s new but Dean’s pretty damn sure he’s into it. There’s something exhilarating and weirdly illicit about it, the slick head of Cas’s cock against Dean’s sensitive skin, nudging his perineum, Cas using Dean’s body like this for his own pleasure even as he steadily works Dean over.
,” Castiel replies. “It’s like I said last night. I looked into local disappearances, everything that might be a red flag, and I didn’t come up with anything. I even widened my search to a 10-mile radius and still couldn’t piece anything together.”
Castiel’s eyes follow the flush down Dean’s body, observing the marks on his throat, his collar bones,
He’s glad that Dean doesn’t rush to reciprocate, enjoying it because it was just for him, allowing himself to bask in the moment as Castiel kisses the top of his head.
Dean sighs. “Yeah, they were,” he replies, as if it’s killing him to say it. But it makes Cas laugh, and that’s the important thing.
*   *   *
Dean trembles at the deep rumble of Cas’s voice, at how badly he wants to listen to it. “I belong here, Cas,” he says, closing his eyes, afraid he might give in otherwise, dare to hope that this could be real.
Dean goes without hesitation, allowing himself to be guided into place by Cas’s sure fingers. He could let this go, but – “I dunno what you want me to say,” he mutters, shaky as Cas kisses the nape of his neck, his shoulders, every vertebra as he wanders lower.
He indulges just a little bit in that now, soaking in the image of Dean still catching his breath, gazing at Castiel slightly dazed with a hint of adoration. He eyes the marks he left on Dean’s neck, traces them with the tip of his finger. Dean can’t see them, but he obviously knows what Castiel is doing, a flicker of recognition on his face, mouth curving up at the corners.
Castiel tracks Dean’s emotions, watches his false bravado clashing with his inescapable discomfort, fading slowly into something calmer, his genuine ease with Castiel plainly written on his face. Then Castiel takes a beat too long to reply and a muscle in Dean’s jaw tenses, betraying the ever-present fear of rejection. Castiel hopes that one day Dean will understand, that Castiel would have no chance of denying him even if he tried. And especially not with this, when he’s secretly quite eager himself.
“Okay,” Dean says after a moment of hesitation, oddly thrown off balance, awkward in a way he’s not used to feeling when he’s caught the eye of an attractive woman. “Great.”
Dean rolls out of bed and takes an unusually tepid and unsatisfying shower, wondering how he’s been reduced to this cliché, adolescent bullshit.
“Well, good,” Dean says, lump in his throat. “Alive is the way I like you.”
Dean licks his lips and nods. Castiel’s pleased but not surprised by his reaction, that eager look on his face when Castiel gives him
. It’s Cas. Dean would put his whole damn life in Cas’s hands. Of course he’d trust him with this.
Castiel knows that physical contact isn’t strictly necessary for soothing Dean’s bad dreams, but he can’t help reaching out, drawn in by Dean’s lovely face, fingers brushing his cheek and resting gingerly on his temple. Before he’s even able to let his grace through, Castiel notices that Dean’s stress has begun to abate, that he relaxes even further when Castiel touches him with more confidence, leaning into it when Castiel’s palm cups his cheek.
He hovers in the doorway, undetected, watching Cas as he repeatedly strikes a punching bag, blows forceful, face determined. A realization sparks in Dean’s mind. He was right, wasn’t he; this whole working out thing goes beyond simple maintenance. He didn’t buy that explanation at the time because he thought Cas was messing with him, but seeing Cas in a fighting stance gives Dean a much clearer picture of why Cas probably does this. It’s gotta be important to him to feel powerful even without his grace, to be able to protect himself and anyone else who might need it. Looking good is just a bonus.
Dean nods. “Yeah that… makes sense.” It makes a lot of sense, actually. He wishes he’d had someplace like this when he was younger, somewhere he could hang out without the crippling self-loathing – given…
“I,” Dean’s thrown off now too. He didn’t really think he had to explain this. “I mean, c’mon Cas, that’s kinda fucked up, isn’t it?”
*   *   *
, Castiel thinks fiercely. Dean deserves some spoiling. In lieu of a response, Castiel hums and cups Dean’s face in his hands, leaning to tenderly press his lips against Dean’s. Castiel lets out a pleased hum when Dean melts into their kiss and eagerly returns it, and he does everything he can to assure Dean that he’s not going anywhere, that he doesn’t need to put that emotional strain on himself by clinging so tightly. It feels impossibly good to touch Dean like this, let Dean lean on him, because when has Dean ever really had that without being let down, or having it taken away far too soon? Castiel’s thrilled to initiate something like this, that this is something he gets to have at all. He won’t ever take that privilege for granted or grow tired of it. He treasures the trust that Dean placed in him to get them to this point, and he’s determined to earn that trust anew every chance he gets.
Dean suspects that Cas will initiate this time, now that the seeds of that particular idea have been planted, knows that Cas is probably gathering information, making sure that they do this right, will come to Dean when he’s ready. Dean can try to be patient.
throw you out if you can’t keep it in your pants.”
“I can’t wait to go home either,” Castiel murmurs warmly, just as Sam enters the room. Castiel doesn’t miss the way Dean’s face lights up when Castiel calls it
with him, gaze hot as he runs his fingers along his length, and all at once it’s too, much, it’s— “Fuck,” Dean gasps, back arching off the mattress, “Fuck, Cas, fuck me,
already. They’ve got the whole damn place to themselves – the hell do they have to wait for? Of course, Dean knows from experience that Cas making him wait is probably a part of it.
Dean wakes to Cas’s fingers threading through his hair.
feels like.  “I’m good, Cas,” Dean says thickly, holding Cas’s gaze, resting his hand against Cas’s cheek, “I’m so good.” Dean pulls him in for a kiss, holds onto him tightly and encourages him to keep going, loving the brutal pace and rough touches, even now that he’s sated. Cas is panting harshly in his ear, just as loud as the headboard rattling against the wall. It’s not much longer before Cas groans loudly and comes, thrusts erratic, spilling hot inside him. Dean strokes Cas’s back as he comes down from his peak, smoothing the hair from his forehead, kissing the nape of his neck, murmuring gently, babbling nonsense and praise and gratitude. Dean clings to Cas and sighs his own pleasure, gratified by every ache and sore spot, feeling well-used and filthy, safe and
Cas is
Castiel settles in more comfortably, hand stroking up Dean’s chest, slow and soothing. “Go back to sleep,” he murmurs in Dean’s ear.
definitely wasn’t. “You make this noise when I slide into you,” Cas continues, brushing his lips against Dean’s cheek, hand sliding lower on his hip, pinky finger dipping just below the waistband of Dean’s sweats. “I think about it all the time.” There’s genuine lust, genuine
Dean relaxes with his head resting on Castiel’s stomach, and Castiel takes a moment just to observe him fondly, running gentle fingers through his hair. “That was
But after the heat of the day, Dean didn’t expect for it to get so cold so fast. They didn’t have any luck building a fire with the island still mostly damp, no tools to use, and the shelter taking priority. So the lack of a fire isn’t ideal, but Dean has to admit that the wet clothes aren’t helping either.
Whatever teasing smugness Dean had seems to fade away as he hits play and sits back. Dean’s unintentionally put distance between them again, and he seems to be struggling with how to regain it without making it too obvious. Castiel makes things easy for him, reaching for his hand to lace their fingers together, trying not to seem too smug himself when Dean visibly relaxes. He even goes as far as to tentatively rest his head against Castiel’s shoulder, a bit stiff and awkward until Castiel squeezes his hand reassuringly, and Dean relaxes even further, huffing out a laugh.
Something about that admission thrills Castiel, that he’s able to do anything with Dean for the first time, discover something new together. Castiel can’t wait to find more.
Dean spends a while chopping vegetables, bouncing between his mind wandering to thoughts of Cas and his eyes wandering to watch Cas through the window. It’s just a good look on him: buffalo plaid and faded jeans, muscles working with every swing of the ax. Dean tries not to get too distracted by the display when he’s wielding a sharp object himself.
“I know it is,” Cas replies, expression inscrutable.
. Unwanted emotions are seeping in through his defenses, and he’s left wrestling with guilt, worrying he might have driven Cas away, fighting off a sting that feels an awful lot like rejection and it just…
There’s the slightest beat of hesitation, Comb-Over’s smile briefly flickering as Dean finishes speaking, before slipping back into place. “I’m sorry, son,” he says brightly, “I musta heard ya wrong. Coulda sworn you asked for a king.” He doesn’t drop the façade of down-home cheerfulness, but Dean isn’t taken in by the performance – call him cynical, but he doesn’t buy for one second that this guy is innocently misunderstanding the situation.
Cas offers him a slow smile. “Thank you,” he says, sounding pleased and more than a little smug. Cas likes compliments as much as the next guy, especially the reminder of how much Dean wants him. Dean really needs to do that more often. Cas has had strangers more or less implying the same thing all night and he hasn’t batted an eye. He likes knowing that
part definitely has his heart pounding too. “Don’t hate it,” he mumbles, noncommittal, but he’s
That’s when Dean realizes that Cas is slowly walking towards him, and Dean’s face burns as Cas gives him a shameless once over. His stomach flips with a mix of excitement and apprehension.
Dean laughs and steps into Cas’s space. It’s so refreshing that Cas isn’t meek and deferential. Not with Dean.
Something warm and fond settles in Castiel’s belly. Dean’s drive to save those in need is both endearing and admirable, a fundamental trait that makes Dean who he is. That makes him someone Castiel cares so deeply about.
make you come, Dean,” Cas replies with a hint of smug pride, and now that the air is clearing, Dean’s starkly reminded of how much he misses Cas, how long it’s been since Cas has really touched him. “That night was no different. And afterward, you were…”
That’s when Dean wakes up, groping around on his nightstand to turn his alarm off and then scrubbing a hand over his face because
Cas’s eyes are impossibly dark, gaze so ardent that Dean has to stifle a whine.
Cas is already in the bed he’d chosen for their stay, idly scrolling on his phone, when Dean finally works up the nerve to come back to the room. He hesitates in the doorway, considering his options. He sneaks a glance at Cas in his bed, and the increasingly insistent part of him that has zero interest in being patient wants to give in to the tempting prospect of getting between the sheets with Cas, just say
And even if Cas is pining for something more with Dean too, he might not know that that’s really an option. Dean’s kinda to blame for that. He hasn’t exactly been an open book with Cas – that’s by design, of course, but man, has that come back to bite him in the ass now – and it’s unfair to expect him to see through the posturing, the gruff dismissals and the sarcastic remarks. Because as often as he gets caught staring and thinks
“Yeah,” Dean says half-heartedly, making no attempt to move from this spot. “Back to reality I guess.”
Dean should have known that getting dressed after his shower was a futile endeavor. Cas was all over him the second he walked in the bedroom, wrapping him up in a hug that could have passed for innocent until he started kissing along Dean’s jaw, nosing at his damp hair line. “You smell nice,” he rumbled, broad hands distractingly low on Dean’s back, and that was all the coaxing Dean needed to drag him to bed.
, starts to push forward, his other palm warm and firm on the small of Dean’s back.
“Hello Dean,” Cas says, and Dean chooses not to wonder how long Cas has known that he’s been there. Cas focuses his energy on one last punch before dropping his arms, turning to Dean. “Did you come to join me?”
But then Castiel can see it clearly, the moment that Dean lets his nervousness settle into palpable relief, as if it’s finally sinking in that he put himself out there and nothing bad happened. Castiel is proud that he can provide Dean with that kind of reassurance and security, that Dean’s trust in him isn’t misplaced.
Dean turns around and looks at Cas sharply, not sure if he’s playing ignorant to get a rise out of Dean, but as always, Cas’s expression is so blank that it’s impossible for Dean to tell.
and yeah,
, leaving a nice red mark, and Dean breaks away abruptly at the thought, closing his eyes.
Dean supposes that with his record of acting in complete opposition to how he actually feels, Cas’s hesitance was probably justified. “How long have— When did you know it was like that for you?” he asks, not sure what he wants the answer to be.
A couple of episodes in, Castiel can sense Dean’s attention waning, his posture relaxing as he dozes off and slips down from his sitting position. He seems to be incrementally pressing himself closer to Castiel, as if to get more comfortable, in a way that Castiel can’t be sure is unconscious. He lets Dean sleep this time, turns the television off and carefully extricates himself, exiting the room as quietly as possible.
Dean whispers, “Oh,
Dean sniffs and manages a crooked smile. “You fucking better.”
*   *   *
of all things? As soon as the words leave his mouth Dean can feel his face heating up, that particular example hitting a little too close to home.
And that, in many ways, is the crux of the changes he’s made: showing Dean that he’s committed, that this simple human life, with him, can be enough,
“What?”
Castiel would normally play along with Dean’s teasing, but he’s hopelessly distracted by the enchanting picture Dean makes, hair mussed, sleep marks still creased into his cheek – a sign that he rested well, something Castiel’s glad to see. “There’s coffee,” he says instead, clearing his throat.
Dean’s taken aback, at first, because it’s just starting to sink in that, with Cas’s history, being in charge might be rewarding for Cas, that he might feel sense of pride in himself too when he’s rendered Dean an incoherent, satisfied mess. It must be a heady sort of confidence, knowing that he could so easily do it again, that Dean trusts him enough to let him try.
if there are rules.”
He’s feeling less satisfied when he gets to the TV room and finds Cas on the couch, flipping through channels.
? Seriously, who does that?” Dean tries his damnedest to not make a habit of spilling his guts, but if it’s gonna happen, then he doesn’t mind that it’s with Charlie.
?” Dean repeats in disbelief, a few tears escaping and rolling down his cheeks. “Buddy, you’re stuck with me now,” he says with a short laugh and a sniff, but he can’t keep up the unaffected pretense for long, not with Cas’s eyes glazing over with emotion too. “Wanna build a life with you, Cas,” he adds after a beat or two, hushed but sincere.
If Dean feels his eyes burning when he shudders awake, he chooses to ignore it. It’s still the middle of the night, but there’s no way Dean can go back to sleep, not after a dream like that. Not if he’s doing it alone.
, and Castiel has to resist the urge to tell him again, at least for the moment. He doesn’t want Dean to get distracted from this.
“When I said that it was just… fooling around, that it was
“That’s better,” Cas says quietly. “You look incredible,” he murmurs, hushed like it’s a secret. “I could watch you like this for hours.”
And that made him realize that he’s gotta man up and lay it all on the table if he wants anything to change. He’s got no right to expect Cas to stay if he can’t be honest about how he feels, and he’s got no business wasting time considering how often they find themselves on death’s door. Dean can’t keep risking his life without Cas knowing how he feels—or finding out how Cas feels about him. Even if it’s not exactly what he wants, at least he knows. And it’ll still be good, because having Cas in his life is important no matter what.
Of course, they do need a break every once in a while, and they settle into the quiet downtime that Dean’s already come to expect. Sometimes it’s just the two of them relaxing on the couch, Cas with a book he’s super into at the moment – Dean might ask to borrow it when he’s done – and Dean working on a crossword booklet he found in the end table drawer. He’s actually doing pretty well until twenty-seven across gives him trouble.
“Oh, I’m sorry,” Dean says with a smirk, wrapping Charlie into a crushing hug. “Thank you
Cas pulls back, already breathing hard again, looking at Dean with wild eyes. “Turn around.”
“I think I’d start with my tongue,” Cas says thoughtfully, pausing and licking his lips in a way that Dean knows is deliberately provocative. “I know how you like that. You make the most amazing sounds. You try to hide your face in the pillow, but I can feel how your thighs tremble beneath my hands.”
, but he still lets his eyes roam appreciatively, and Cas looks pleased by his obvious interest.
A few moments of tense silence pass and Dean’s holding his breath, wondering what Comb-Over’s next move will be. “…You know that couch ain’t a pull-out,” he says eventually, a mildly dangerous edge to his voice now, veiled but discernable because Dean’s listening for it so closely. He doesn’t let up with the pasted-on smile, but something hard and mean is taking shape in his gaze. Dean doesn’t know why this guy needs to push it – he’s already made his point – but Dean hears the insinuation there, the provocation, something bordering a threat.
it, letting Castiel fill him up as much as he possibly could. Castiel can’t wait to get to that part.
Castiel looks at him blankly.
After a few moments, Scott turns back and hands Dean a drink, eyebrows raised at the now empty spot beside Dean. “Oh,” he says, no doubt pleasantly surprised by this turn of events. Dean would be insulted on Cas’s behalf, but he
“No, thank you.”
Castiel smiles too, sliding his hand along Dean’s jaw and tilting his chin up to look at him. “Tell me what else you like,” he implores softly, emboldened by the rekindling heat he sees in Dean’s eyes.
“I said it’s
“To what do I owe this unexpected visit, boys?” Jones drawls, and sure, they aren’t actually FBI, but his patronizing tone rankles Dean all the same.
He feels clean when Castiel –
It’s torture to keep an eye out while Dean makes his move and slides into the seat next to her, to be forced to watch her sway forward to murmur intimately in his ear, hand resting on his knee and sliding higher, reminding Castiel that he rarely gets to touch Dean so brazenly in public like that. It’s even worse to see Dean
. He’s not sure if he likes having his hands tied or not – they haven’t really tried – but he definitely likes keeping them in place just because Cas asks, holding perfectly still and trying to be on his best behavior.
Dean’s growing concern comes to a head one afternoon when they’re grabbing lunch at a roadside diner, tucked into a tiny corner booth, lingering over their food. Cas makes some joke, one of those off-beat, flippant remarks that don’t seem to land with most people. They always seem to hit Dean just right, though, and today’s no exception. The absurdity of it, how it’s just
at the moment. He takes deep breaths, painfully aware that he’s got an honest to god hair trigger right now, and tries not to squirm too much.
“If you want,” Cas says after a short pause, trying to appear nonchalant. It might be convincing if he didn’t know Cas so well.
“You’re good,” Dean replies, no hesitation. “Just keep going.” Castiel suspects he’s aiming for nonchalant, but he doesn’t quite manage it, and any semblance of a cool façade shatters almost immediately. “Fuck,” he groans as Castiel falls into a quick steady pace, “Want you to—stay like this. Please—” he manages haltingly. He still has the capacity to blush over what he’s asking for, and it’s like he can’t believe he’s saying it but can’t bring himself to stop. Even utterly spent, he can’t help but beg for everything Castiel can give him.
Even this is fucking amazing, that little bit extra, a maddening tease of what’s to come. Dean’s honestly worried that he’s worked up enough to get off just from this and the torturous friction of his cock brushing against Cas’s stomach. That’s not part of the plan though, and Dean’s been determined from the get-go to hold off until the
Soon Dean finds himself lulled by the low hum of the engine, head tipping onto Cas’s shoulder and sighing when Cas’s arm circles around his waist and pulls him closer. He’s about two seconds from nodding off when he realizes the car is slowing to a stop. He sits up and scrubs a hand across his face, shaking off the sleepiness. Knowing that their bedroom is only a few yards away definitely has him perking back up.
“Let’s not talk about it anymore, all right?” He doesn’t mean to be short with Cas – it’s not him Dean’s mad at – but he’s more than ready to put all this unpleasantness behind him. Dean knows his go-to coping mechanism of stubbornly ignoring a problem isn’t the healthiest, but it’s better than dwelling on the tension in his chest, the churning in his stomach.
reciprocate, offering the soft heat of his mouth for Castiel’s pleasure, he’s pretty glad about that too.
“You know I’m going to talk you into it,” Charlie says matter-of-factly, trailing behind him as he ducks into the kitchen and makes a beeline to the fridge.
Castiel had never thought of his hands as anything special – they were utilitarian, if anything, adequately skilled and strong, capable as they needed to be. They were reliable in combat, useful for practical reasons, but nothing much more profound than that.
Cas smiles in acknowledgment, but doesn’t say anything. He brings one of his hands to Dean’s face, fingertips caressing Dean’s cheek, unexpectedly tender.
Dean laughs, assuming that pithy response is just a bit of dry humor. It isn’t.
of them right now nearly undoes him.
“No,” Cas says, just as adamantly as before. “
Cas leans back to give Dean a wicked smile. “I like to find all your sensitive spots. There are so many—I won’t be satisfied until I’ve seen to each one.” He does no such thing, just eyes the spot on Dean’s neck again and kisses it so so gently, only a brief brush of his lips before he pulls away.
This isn't much, but it's something to show that I'm still alive and don't plan on abandoning this!
and immediately erases it. It was supposed to be a joke, but…
Castiel gently encourages Dean to bring his knees up and crowds in as close as he can, wary of putting too much strain on him. Although if Dean is feeling any discomfort he doesn’t seem to mind, eagerly pulling Castiel in to kiss him.
to do anything about it or admit he feels the same. Dean’s rarely one to back down from a challenge, has bravely stood toe-to-toe with the utmost of evil creatures. But when it comes to matters of the heart he’s far more withdrawn, as close to cowardice as Castiel ever sees him. As frustrating as Castiel finds that at times, as much as it speaks to emotional stunting that Dean would do well to grow beyond, Castiel can see that Dean’s hesitation might not be totally unfounded in this case. It makes sense that his insecurity and fear of abandonment would suffocate him when it does often seem, by all appearances, that Castiel always has one foot out the door.
“Hardly,” Cas replies, sounding a bit sharper and more awake. “It was my choice to make. Why would I want to be anywhere else?”
Dean’s still floating in that fuzzy state of mind, that sort of
for this? Is he fucking crazy? Allowing someone else have that kind of power over him, making himself that vulnerable, not just physically but emotionally too, and—he doesn’t know if he’s even gonna like it, if this isn’t the stupidest damn thing he could’ve come up with, but he went ahead with it anyway, Christ, he’s—
*   *   *
“Yeah,” Dean replies, another breathy laugh escaping. “Definitely an improvement.”
Cas steps back to admire him again, fingers slipping up Dean’s sleeve and tracing the goosebumps that’ve broken out on his skin. Might have more to blame for those than the cold.
about a friend is bad enough, but to go and act on those feelings… well, Dean doesn’t know. He’s never actually dealt with this before.
He’s still alone. Cas didn’t catch him in the act, hasn’t come to bed at all. Dean can’t say he’s surprised. And without the fog of arousal clouding his judgment he realizes that’s probably a good thing, that Cas didn’t see him like this, didn’t see him quite literally getting off on being all bruised up, held down and manhandled. Dean had been riding high on it last night, spent but still
“I didn’t mean you had to—” Dean attempts, faltering. “I can do it. I was just—”
“I liked this one because it was the first time I got to tell you how important you are,” Cas says, with a soft smile, cupping Dean’s face in his palm. “How much you mean to me.”
for a minute – and not only is Cas in the middle of doing bicep curls with a barbell that Dean doesn’t dare calculate the weight of, but the shirt that ruined Dean’s morning is gone altogether.
Cas smiles at him dreamily, and Dean can see how the liquor’s affecting him too. “That’s awesome,” Cas replies. Apparently he borrows Dean’s dumb phrasing more liberally when he’s drunk, and Dean finds that so fucking endearing.
is on the tip of Dean’s tongue, but at the last second he pauses, thinking back to earlier. He’d been thrown off, maybe even a little annoyed, when Cas wanted to handle the wood-chopping on his own. But he’s starting to understand that Cas wants to be useful, powers or not, and that it’s Dean he wants to help especially. And if Dean’s being honest with himself, he could be a lot better about asking for and accepting help. He can’t even imagine how many times Cas must have wanted to do something for him but didn’t even offer because of how prickly and defensive Dean can get. Reflecting on that now makes Dean feel like an ass, but he’s got plenty of time to make up for it.
Dean’s normally not one to shy away from a fight – and they could take these drunk idiots, no problem – but getting into it over
When Castiel mutters his name in return, Dean seems to take that as confirmation that Castiel is awake and on board with the proceedings and hoists himself up to slip between Castiel’s legs. He leaves a quick kiss on Castiel’s collarbone, a few more along his sternum, and keeps working his way lower. He lingers at Castiel’s stomach for a moment, softly pressing his lips to the skin there, hands stroking Castiel’s thighs but not wandering further, though they both know there’s no mistaking what Dean’s really after.
It’s different when Dean wakes up this time. He isn’t lacking a faint sense of arousal, mind lingering on pleasant thoughts, but he feels none of the shame, none of the frustration and longing that have plagued him for weeks.
if he doesn’t get Cas’s dick inside him. “Tell me.”
“I will.”
Cas’s smile is fuller now, more genuine. “That’s good to know.”
“What?”
He starts shivering audibly in the dark, praying that Cas has fallen asleep by now, but knowing his luck is never that good.
He should be used to this, but the timing of it just doesn’t sit well with him at all, completely throws him for a loop. For Cas to take off
So he makes himself scarce, unable deal with the way things are right now but too scared to broach the subject and make it right. The discomfort between them is agony by now. A few days were once an insignificant speck of time to someone as unfathomably old as Castiel, but with this unpleasant tension they feel
Dean shoots him an unimpressed look and grabs the remote, scoffing when he starts the episode over. “See?” he asks, elbowing Castiel in the side. “This one’s nothing but lame filler. Coulda warned you if I was here.”
, close enough for Dean to pick up the scent of his soap, feel the heat radiating from his body.
Dean sighs happily as Cas kisses his cheek, touching their foreheads together. Dean closes his eyes and savors the moment, the resolved tension turning to exhaustion so quickly because he can finally relax, the relief almost a real, physical thing.
Cas hums as he leans in to kiss the back of Dean’s neck and yeah, there it is, that hint of pride and self-satisfaction. Dean likes the sound of it.
Castiel kisses Dean’s fingers again, eyes intently trained on Dean’s face. “I have a ring on my hand that says otherwise.”
Dean leans forward and pauses the video, bringing Castiel back into the moment. “Uh,” he says, seeming to debate with himself. “Snack break?”
Cas hums in response, lifting the barbell from the pegs. “That sounds good,” he says, muscles flexing as he lowers the weight to his chest, not sounding strained in the slightest.
to talk to Jones. Dean hardly blames him. He hopes Sam’s interview with Ramona’s family is going more smoothly than this is.
He’s probably overthinking it.
it, so he realizes how fiercely Castiel longs for him.
“You know what you’re doing?” he asks, with a quirk of his eyebrow and trace of a smirk, seeming to come back to his more casual demeanor for a moment. Castiel’s glad to see him at ease and enjoying himself, but he’s also itching to put him back in that headspace, overcome by desire and shamelessly eager for Castiel’s affections. It doesn’t seem that Dean allows himself to get into such a state too often.
with him?” Cas wonders aloud, still very much affronted, it seems.
leave, sometimes for long stretches and without much warning, though it pains him to do it a little more each time.
something. If only Dean could figure out how the fuck he’s supposed to go about it.
he sees written all over Cas’s face.
“You can—” Dean says abruptly, “You can give me more.”
Well, for one, even if Cas’s self-control is sexy as hell, it’s just as sexy when Cas completely lets loose. Maybe Dean’s gotten addicted to it, that electrifying instant when Cas’s careful veneer of normal human decency slips and that no-nonsense, soldier-of-God persona breaks free. When the threat of an angel’s holy wrath is a tangible buzz in the air.
pulling something like this.
Dean allows a beat to pass before he turns her down respectfully, but that’s enough of an opening for Cas to finally step in. “I don’t think that will be possible,” Cas says, hand landing on Dean’s shoulder and squeezing in a way that probably shouldn’t go straight to his dick, but, well, here they are. “We really need to get going.”
“Go on, Dean,” Cas says, finally undoing his belt and inching his zipper down, and Dean thinks he’s gonna fucking
“Yeah,” Dean says, squaring his jaw, “Don’t let me stop you.”
Cas. The way he felt this morning is starting to make a lot more sense.
Dean’s still-sticky skin isn’t the most pleasant sensation, but now that he’s been forced to look at it, there’s a strong swoop in his stomach that should be embarrassment but definitely fucking isn’t, and for one horrifying, incredible moment, watching Cas’s fingers fill his mouth, he wonders if this is what he looks like when he’s sucking Cas off. The absolute filthy
Dean’s luxuriating in the ungentle treatment, realizing how stupid he was for clamming up the other day, for being vague and evasive, because look at what actually
Okay, yeah, Dean’s got a vague memory of making an offer of some kind, but he doesn’t know why Cas chose
far from his mind when they’re like this—pressed together head to toe, Cas a warm weight above him, his soft mouth on Dean’s. And, well, they might not
Dean’s drowning in the look on Cas’s face, the one revealing that what Cas wants more than absolutely anything right now is to see Dean find his pleasure, to share that with him. It’s still tough for Dean to hold eye contact in these vulnerable moments, to maintain that sort of raw intimacy he fears even as he craves it, but right now he couldn’t tear his gaze away if he tried. Right now the open adoration in Cas’s eyes is stoking the fire in his belly, heat climbing higher and higher until it crests and swallows him up.
, Dean doesn’t know, and for the time being, he doesn’t care to find out.
Castiel sighs, letting his hand drop away, eyes cast down. “I’m sorry,” he mutters. “I really am trying not to. It’s just… not easy sometimes.” Nothing ever is when it comes to his feelings for Dean.
*   *   *
“I can,” Dean insisted.
“Can, uh—” Dean stalls again, but Castiel is pleasantly surprised that Dean is still trying to talk it out when it’s fairly obvious to both of them by now what they’re discussing. “I just thought, you know. Maybe we could, uh. Do that. Again.”
to come back to Dean, wants to stay with him as long as he’s allowed.
“Cookie dough or mint chocolate chip?”
“Let’s give it a couple more hours,” Dean says with a lazy grin. “Then maybe we’ll go for round two.”
Dean eyes his own drink judgmentally and looks around, very aware of how many people are in this bar.
There are times when Dean can’t turn around without running into Cas, but there’s other times when Dean doesn’t see Cas at all for hours on end, long periods that stretch into days, and the only way he can tell if Cas is even at home is by checking for his car in the garage.
Dean laughs and feels free, feels joyous as he pulls Cas down for a kiss, reveling in that inescapable sense of rightness and completion he feels when they’re together, one that he’s still settling into bit by bit, but more than willing to fight for.
Dean tightens his grip on the spatula, sighs out a
Dean knows that they’ve barely been skimming the surface of the things they could get up to together. There’s a number of things to mess around with, props and
“I know.” Dean tries not to blush at the memory, or feel embarrassed for coming about as close to spilling his guts as he ever does, because he didn’t say anything that wasn’t one hundred percent true. “But I just wanna make it clear that wasn’t the whiskey talking. Or y’know,” he pauses, coughing awkwardly. “Not the pink cocktails talking either.”
, I just—”
Dean doesn’t know if he’s being obvious about his past with Scott, somehow, or if Cas is just following a hunch with eerie precision, but Dean can’t lie to him now that they’re on this path. He clears his throat. “Well, uh…”
has a suggestive tone to it, and if she’s put off by how weird he’s being, she doesn’t show it. Or maybe she thinks he’s just flustered over her and she’s getting a kick out of the way she’s affecting him – wouldn’t be the first time something like that happened. He’d always had a tendency to go home with the ones who have no use for his pick-up lines but are still up for spending a night with him just for the opportunity to take him down a peg. The ones who see his cocky act like some kind of challenge.
Castiel reaches out to tenderly cup Dean’s face in his hand, thumb stroking one sharp, delicate cheekbone. “So are you,” he replies – much like Dean, he tries to keep his tone light, but he can’t convincingly conceal the depth of his sincerity.
he gets from Dean, evidence of how thoroughly Castiel has satisfied him. He’s definitely thinking about Castiel, not some waitress who could never take care of Dean the way Castiel can, and will never get to try.
He closes the laptop lid, choosing his words carefully. “Given our personal history, I suppose it is a bit—” he pauses and considers, “—
Even worse, sometimes Cas barely reacts at all.
The silver lining is that it does seem like the tawdry dreams have stopped. Although, those were
Charlie’s deliberately excessive with her emoji use because Dean likes to grumble about it, but she’s not actually here, so she can’t see the way it makes him smile.
There’s a brief pause as Cas makes sure his hand is slick enough, but then he shifts his fingers around and slowly,
be broken.
Cas tilts his head. “You don’t think so?”
“Shit, what time is it?” Dean asks, reaching for his phone and checking for himself before Castiel can even answer.
The traces of apprehension in Dean’s expression, a fear of rejection maybe, slowly slip away, transforming into something unmistakably hopeful. Excited. “Okay,” he says, failing to fight off an almost giddy grin. “Guess we’re on the same page then.”
“No. Well,” He thinks about it for a second. “Yes? It’s not that ‘something happened,’ more like
inside of him, but it’s not nearly enough. He whines, needy, and starts to tease himself with a second finger, probably too soon, but then Cas says, “Not yet,” voice firm, and Dean’s helpless to resist.
fine,” Cas says firmly, looking adamant.
The worst are the dreams where he doesn’t remember much beyond Cas’s smile, his laugh, their fingers intertwined, snatches of ardent confessions in Cas’s low, earnest tones—in Dean’s own voice, too, spilling his guts like he’d never dare to in real life, but it’s safe to do it there, when Cas is with him, wants him back.
Castiel blinks at the unexpected note of
of Cas either.
Cas stiffens, guilt flashing across his face. Dean figures it makes sense that Cas might feel a little weird about it, enjoying having Dean at his mercy (although the idea of it makes Dean’s heart pound, even now).
She shoots Dean a
“Please,” Dean sighs, already too far gone for more of a response than that.
“Okay,” Dean replies, with a stupid grin. “Go ahead.”
“Yeah, well,” Dean says and trails off, as if that answer is explanation enough.
He’s seen too many opportunities pass him by, lately—when he sees a flicker of true jealousy in Cas’s eyes that’s gone almost as soon as it appears, an irritated edge to his voice that he quickly suppresses, and Dean can’t help but wonder what might’ve happened if things had played out just a bit longer. If the person trying to put the moves on Dean were bolder, if they found Dean’s apparent lack of response less discouraging.
Dean blinks. “You told me to keep them there,” he points out, voice a faint rasp.
wonders if it’s even fair to ask for forgiveness anymore. Maybe he should just leave Dean alone. Maybe he’s had his chance to prove he was
behind, visible traces of where his mouth has been.
– all of him, every flawed, painfully human part – as Cas is.
Before long, Cas is urging him down onto the pallet in the corner of the tent. It’s far less comfortable than Dean’s luxurious bed, but there’s nowhere Dean would rather be.
Cas looks at him, unmoved. “What are the ingredients, then?” he asks calmly, the hint of a challenge on his face.
Dean, that he could deserve this, and he bungled it.
“Not buying it,” Dean replies as he jots down their scores for this round – as if it even matters anymore.
, Cas, fuck.”
He knows that Dean reads his expression correctly, realizes that Castiel’s caught onto his preoccupation. He still squirms under Castiel’s unwavering gaze, quiet again.
reminder of how well he takes care of Dean instead of just a verbal one. The way he used to.
for Cas even in public like this. Goddamn, Dean wants him so much that he’s honestly entertaining the idea of a sleazy men’s room hookup, ready to employ the slight nod, the strategically raised eyebrows he’s been successful with in the past – and Cas is kind of a sure thing, here – or hell, even meeting up in the alley out back because that’s how
It’s a slow descent back to earth, and on the edge of his awareness he can hear Cas whispering his name, hushed and reverent, affection and
, and remembering how close she came to being in Castiel’s place if he hadn’t stepped in is all the incentive he needs to let his hand wander to the button of Dean’s jeans and swiftly pop it open, slip his fingers inside and wrap them around him in a firm grip.
to do. He notices the blood staining his fingers and shirt and wills it away, as if that will absolve him of the rash decision he made, and tries desperately to interpret the expression on Dean’s face. The only thing he can pinpoint at first is mild surprise.
“And then I’ll bring my hand to your mouth, watch you lick the come from my fingers.” Even Cas sounds breathless now, touching Dean’s lips, looking almost dazed.
Dean finds himself transfixed by Cas’s eyes, so strongly reminded of his dream that tears form in his eyes all over again, because that—that actually
They get out and dry each other off with the threadbare towels, soft, sly smiles on their faces, then they each get dressed in something comfortable before temporarily parting ways, Dean continuing dinner while Cas tends to the fire.
– but he scraps that one too, changes tack, drafts and deletes a couple of downright pissy texts.
that,” he mumbles, and he hopes that’s enough to get the point across for now.
“Liked that,” Dean murmurs after a quiet moment, words still slightly muffled by Cas’s hand, not quite willing to look Cas in the eye yet. He’s not usually so forthcoming about this kind of stuff, but Cas deserves to know that—what he’s done for Dean, how good Cas made it for him.
Dean can scarcely breathe when Cas looks at him like that. “Let me help you,” he implores, sliding off Cas’s gloves and plucking at his armor. Dean helps him remove it bit by bit – something a servant would do, but those roles don’t seem to mean much between the two of them – and it’s a relief as each piece falls away, breastplate carefully unlatched and removed, chainmail lifted off and cast to the floor.
“Just… Open it, Dean.” Dean shrugs, opening the box gingerly, eyes going wide as a blue light creeps through the opening. He nearly gets whiplash looking back up at Castiel who only nods, encouraging him to open the box properly as a blush settles across his face.
"Oh, man… What happened to you?" The stroking continued, the man trying to stop the trembling, Castiel following his movements intently. "I'm not gonna hurt you, I promise. I do need to look at you properly though, cause you got some pretty nasty injuries that can't be left the way they are." Castiel nodded hesitantly, making a move to stand. Pain across his chest made it slow going, the man stepping back to give him space to move, his ankle being strangely unresponsive - that was until he tried to put weight on it. He yelped as it touched the ground, the pain unlike anything he had felt before, lifting it up immediately and whimpering as he began to tremble again. Was this his penance for disobeying Naomi? For running away? He whined, sinking to the floor, trying to hide his face. How could he have been so careless? The man sat on the floor in front of him, the sad look still on his face, and Castiel could have sworn it looked more like pity.
He drops the tag, feeling the blood drain from his face as Castiel shivers again, all trace of fear either gone or hidden by the shivers from the cold. He doesn’t let the Familiar know what else was on the tag, swiftly removing it from the collar and pocketing it before any suspicions are raised. Castiel shivers again, drawing Dean out of his mild panic and back to the moment, noting how the rain seems to have eased off - at least for now. He ruffles the fur between Castiel’s ears before standing, knees popping again as he also nudges Castiel to stand. He cocks his head in confusion, Dean’s pointing to the sky only making him tilt his head further.
“Is it still there Cas? Your grace?” Castiel met Dean's eyes slowly, a small amount of guilt working its way into his eyes.
“Gonna guess she wasn’t a nice woman from those feelings rolling off you?”
Dean’s hand stilled in Castiel’s fur, the Familiar looking up with head tilted as nerves from Dean washed over him.
“Problem,
“Y’know…” The man’s voice sounded far away, as if on the edge of sleep himself, just getting through to Castiel on the verge of sleep. “I didn’t even give you my name. And it feels weird not to, especially if you might need something, or something. ‘m Dean.” His hand slowed on Castiel’s fur, breathing evening out as sleep claimed him, and Castiel groggily looked at him before sleep also claimed him.
“What-”
“I won't ask again.”
More research turned out to be the answer to Dean's question, and normal sized Dean was much more distracting than fledgling-sized. Odd noises were made, drawing Castiel away from the pile of books that had steadily grown, but everytime Castiel turned to look at whatever Dean was doing the noise stopped.
“Surely having something positive to celebrate on that date would be better than a reminder of Hell?”
“Look, I get that he's missing and I accept that witches were involved – but wings? That's a stretch, even for us.” The rage hadn't left Castiel's eyes, his features schooled in to a more neutral expression as he carefully picked Dean's feather off the bed. He turned it over a few times in his hands, the feeling of electricity helping him still feel connected to Dean even though neither him or the younger Winchester knew where he was.
"Castiel… It’s nice to meet you, Castiel." He laughed again as Dean began to relax more against the sofa, hands dropping to rest on his knees now instead. "How long have you been a Familiar?"
“I’m not sure how it works… It just…
“It’s not that bad, surely?” Castiel nudges Dean’s side as he passes him another herb, expertly tossing it in to the pan waiting to boil.
“We need to be careful, but trust me. These witches are NOT going to survive the night.” Sam nodded, raising his gun again as Castiel all but marched further in to the warehouse, following at a further distance so he didn't catch the angel's wings.
He nodded sheepishly, hand finding its way to the back of his neck again as he looked anywhere but at Castiel. His gaze landed on his lap, hands falling there as they slowly began to wring against each other, a clear indication of nervousness.
” She snarled as she pushed off the doorframe, not looking back again as she quickly disappeared out of sight. Castiel watched as she disappeared, releasing a breath he didn’t realise he had been holding as he began to slowly slide down the wall. He shot up again as he looked at the carnage she had caused, heart skipping a beat at seeing Dean still lying motionless near the fallen door.
“I’ll be checking.”
quicker to fly than it is to drive.” Dean swallowed thickly behind Castiel, paling slightly again at the thought of the only other method of transportation being taken away from him. He swallowed again, mustering some bravado as he managed to square his shoulders again, turning to Sam.
At least Dean had the audacity to look guilty about it.
“Witch killing bullets…” The words come out barely above a whisper, realisation on what needs to be done dawning on him. “Dean… We need to create a distraction for Sam.”
"Cas?" Big eyes looked back up at him, and then they closed, Dean having drifted off into sleep from being on the receiving end of grace. Castiel gently placed him on one of the motel beds, but Dean's now small hands had the trenchcoat in a vice-like grip, so Castiel lay down first, allowing Dean to curl up with a thumb in his mouth on his chest. He watched carefully as Dean slept with no need of his own to sleep, but did so anyway without noticing. If anyone were to come into their motel room, they would just think it was a father taking care of his infant son.
growl at me, ungrateful dog." The fireball barely missed Castiel's head, getting close enough to singe some of his hair as he darted out of the way as quickly as his ankle would let him. He scrambled for the door, fireball after fireball leaving scorch marks on the walls as he dodged them, just about managing to grab his coat from the hook as he wrenched it open. He briefly looked back, the furious look on Naomi's face etching itself into his brain as she threw the final fireball after him, shifting just in time for it to go over his head and smack in to the gate. The force knocked it open, and Castiel ran. He made a beeline for the forest, zig-zagging through trees to make it harder for anyone to follow him, not caring where he went so long as it took him further away from Naomi and her fireballs. His lungs burned with the effort of running so fast for so long, his head feeling fuzzy from not taking in enough oxygen, his ankle probably irreparably damaged. A deep rumble spurred him onwards, only briefly noticing that the forest floor had given way to tarmac before returning his attention back to just
Dean let out a small laugh, Castiel’s head tilting in confusion.
“Hmm.” It’s then that the door creaks open; Jack moving slowly with his tongue stuck out in concentration, eyes not moving from the tray he holds to make sure nothing gets spilt. Sam holds the door open behind him, one hand splayed on the wood with a smile on his face as Eileen nurses her own cup of coffee behind the pair of them. Dean sits up straighter, moving to take the tray from Jack’s hands, frowning slightly as the nephilim shakes his head.
“I got lost in thought, I apologise.”
“Dean, we can find the witches quicker-”
here since he was a puppy, he’s never been anyone else’s dog.” He hopes that Castiel heard him enough to go along with the plan he just pulled out of his ass, sending a silent prayer to the Familiar that it broke through his terror.
“You really should stop trying to fight this, it'll make things a lot easier, you know.” The witch didn't look at him as she spoke, opting to pace, twirling the cut feather in her fingers. “You'll be a good boy and serve your purpose. If you're lucky, you might even survive.” With that she left him, the room silent for all but Dean's uneven breathing. He glanced at where she had taken the feather from, the sick feeling returning at the sight of another gap, the grace seeping out adding to the unpleasant feeling.
“I think I
Weeks had slowly turned in to months; the leaves from Autumn disappearing under a blanket of snow that had allowed the new fresh blossoms to adorn the trees, the beginning of longer days brightening Castiel’s spirits after an interesting winter. He stared out of the kitchen window, allowing the steam from his morning coffee to swirl as he absentmindedly drew patterns in the air, the steam following the actions of his fingers. A chuckle from behind him almost drew him out of his reverie, allowing a small smile to settle on his face before joining his hands together around the mug, the steam dissipating in to the air.
make me ask twice for you again." She pulled her arm back, blue flames lighting up her hand. "And don't you
“Probably not. Was just all trickery and magic.” Sam shrugs as he moves again towards the exit, determined to put this night now behind them. Dean sighs and follows him, shuddering as he thinks on how badly it could have ended, thankful that Sam and Castiel got to him in time. The cool air on his wings is a welcome relief as the door is forced open, gulping in lungfuls as he stretches his wings out. Castiel also lets out a breath as the door slams shut behind him, it turning in to a sigh of relief as he spots the Impala where it was left all those hours ago. He shudders as he feels the spell on his wings melt off, shaking them out again before tucking them away on the other plane, ignoring the way Dean stares at his back.
“What the hell, Cas?!” Castiel pointed out the window to the warehouse to the left of Sam, head tilted in confusion.
standing, other hands clasped tightly together. He coughs as their arms slowly come down, remnants of grace in both of their eyes as they too look around to make sure there are no witches remaining.
“So. Moving to the heart of the warehouse then? Shall we?” Castiel led on, Dean following closely behind. Sam hung back, still in a small amount of shock at the sight of the wings that protruded from his older brother’s back, still trying to process how almost natural they looked there. They moved with him as if he had always had them, and Sam couldn’t help but wonder how he seemed so comfortable. Trying to figure out how to get him back to normal was certainly going to be fun, his brain unhelpfully giving him the doubt of
"Did I do something wrong?" Castiel looked at his feet but shook his head, wings almost in a defensive position. "Cas?" Dean gently lifted his head up and smiled, extending his other hand so it brushed Castiel's left wing and it extended of its own accord - shocking Castiel through both it and Dean's actions.
Castiel nudges Dean’s leg again as he speaks.
“... Really? You’re sure?”
“Y’know… The one you spoke about the other day who did the…
“Hmmm?”
“How?”
” Castiel chuckles as Dean’s head drops further, starting with slow, languid strokes as he lets the sound of the hunter’s moans wash over him. He keeps the strokes slow, gentle, making sure Dean knows that he is completely at Castiel’s mercy, that whether or not he gets to orgasm is literally out of his hands. The whines of pleasure mix with whines of frustration as the angel continues to tease; removing pressure from his grip and strokes when he feels Dean may be getting too close, increasing when the mood takes him so that the hunter is constantly in the dark about what is going to happen next. He’s still a writhing mess underneath Castiel’s weight, hair now sticking to his head as the exertion from being brought so close to the edge yet not being able to go over again and again begins to take its toll.
“Woah! Slow down a bit!” The wind whips the words away, the steady footfall Castiel can hear turning to a run as Dean picks up the pace to keep up with him. He barks again, stopping just shy of what may be the biggest tree he’s ever seen in his life, craning his neck to try and see the top. Panting brings his attention back to Earth, turning to see Dean leaning against a smaller tree with his other hand pressed firmly against his chest.
it.” Castiel clicked his fingers, a small flame appearing as he watched the light dance before letting it go out. “And I didn’t think when she’d gone - I needed to make sure you were okay, even if I was still covered in flames.”
“Yeah. Let’s go home, Cas.”
“I’m not gonna lie - I don’t understand why the hell I can do this now, but it’s cool.”
“You heard me. You got someone waiting for you out there, and you’re still here just moping. Go and find them, or so help me I’ll kick your ass.” Dean held his hands up in defence, standing as Bobby all but glared at him. “That’s better. You’ll thank me for this.” He couldn’t help the small smile as the older hunter waved him off, leaning back towards the cooler as he fished another beer out of it. Dean shook his head, turning towards the Impala that had somehow followed him, running his hand along the sleek, black paint.
“Sounds like a plan.” Castiel smiled again as he turned away, only just catching the way Dean let out a slow breath as he crossed the threshold from the kitchen. The mild bravado from the kitchen slipped as nervousness briefly overtook him, shaking his head as he absentmindedly fluffed up a cushion. He’d heard nothing but good things about Sam and his Familiar Eileen; it had been his suggestion to meet them and give them the news that Dean had finally found some rudimentary magic. He couldn’t wait to see the look on their faces, providing Dean got over his own nervousness as well. Castiel sighed, slowly coming back to the moment as he placed the cushion back on the sofa, moving to pick up the next one along before stopping. He squinted as he tilted his head, the corner of a book sticking out from underneath the sofa, kneeling as he pulled it from its hiding place. Something about it screamed familiar in the back of his mind, frown deepening as the why stayed stubbornly just out of reach. He turned it over slowly as he stood, working his way back to the kitchen as he turned it over again.
“Well, you can think while we drive. This isn’t exactly the most comfortable way to be stuck.” Sam snickered again, looking up and away as Dean glowers at him. “Shut up, bitch.”
“What am I?”
“I…” Dean took another deep breath, looking straight into Castiel’s eyes as he looked up again. “I trust you, Cas.”
“I don't know. All I know is that this isn't my grace, and I don't know who's it is.” Sam shook his head in disbelief, turning away as he ran his hands through his hair. He wasn't sure how a simple rescue had turned in to such a mind-boggling evening, but he knew for certain that he didn't like all the hurdles that kept appearing. It was beginning to wear him down, and he was wondering if they were ever going to find Dean at this rate. He turned back to the angel, surprised to see his face screwed in immense concentration.
“This is bullshit! I say we find the rest of those witches and kill them first for screwing with us like this, then we leave.” The growl was still evident in Dean’s voice, a brief glimmer of grace in his eyes stemming from the anger and frustration he felt. Sam only nodded behind him, checking the clip to his gun to make sure he had filled it with enough witch-killing bullets to take out a whole coven. Castiel remained silent, placing a comforting hand on Dean’s arm, some of the fight deflating out of him and the grace disappearing from his eyes.
"No. I want this explaining before you use your mojo on me." Dean paused, then looked down at himself. "I think clothes first would probably be a good idea though." Castiel blinked, and in that time Dean had dressed his bottom half, opting to leave his top half exposed due to the wings that stubbornly remained.
“What?”
"Dean...?" Castiel slowly opened the door, expecting to see Dean holding whatever was making the noise at gunpoint. Instead, he found a small child no more than four years old looking up at him, eyes red with tears and swimming in the clothes that Dean had been wearing before he rushed into the bathroom. He whimpered, and then Castiel knew where the noise had come from. He looked down again, and the child moved towards him, wrapping small arms around his leg and looking up expectantly.
“Hey, ssh... It's okay, just gotta hit the head. Still got human stuff to do. You go back to sleep.”
“It's so nice to see you smiling... It makes you so much prettier.” Dean scrunched his eyes shut tighter, smile disappearing as he felt the witch get closer to him. His feathers quivered as she moved closer still, stopping as he heard the tell-tale sound of an angel blade falling in to her hand. His eyes snapped open at that, panicked as she sized up another one of the longer feathers. He tried to flatten them against whatever he was against, pulling against the pins in his feeble attempt to get them away from the witch. In his panic, he didn't even realise that this witch was different, his focus completely on the angel blade in her possession, getting dangerously close to his wing.
Castiel can’t help but notice the way Dean double - hell,
“September.”
“Thank you. This is much appreciated.” Castiel’s eyes close as the first sip crosses his lips, savouring the caffeine with a content hum before taking another sip. Dean looks back at the tray, the smell of bacon having woken him up properly as he eyes up which pancake to go for first.
for what you did to our sister, and we’ll have it. We just have to remove the one obstacle that will let you escape.” The flames part as one of the coven steps though, flinging Dean and Castiel to one side as she grips Sam’s face, dragging him behind her as the fire parts again.
“Cas?”
“I get it. You've got your more profound bond or whatever, but he's my brother and I'm just as worried. But we've got to think about this logically Cas, or God-knows what could happen to him.” Castiel looked at his feet, guilt creeping up on him at the thought of putting Dean in any more peril from not thinking clearly. He reached in to his coat, pulling Dean's feather from its pocket, straightening it before sighing again.
“No. The sooner you accept that, the quicker we can get back to the Bunker.” Dean sighed, dragging a hand down his face before squaring his shoulders.
“If you hadn't been here Cas, I'd probably be dead. Sam doesn't know where I am, there's no guarantees you would have got here on time... I'm damn glad you were here.” Now it was Castiel's turn to blush. “I'm always damn glad you're here. Now come on, back to bed.” Dean let go of Castiel's hand, giving him a firm slap on the behind with a shit eating grin on his face, and a wink, earning an eye roll from the angel.
“... Think you found it.” Words are spat out through gritted teeth, colour returning to the hunter’s face as Castiel removes his hand from his wing.
“No problem, Dean.” Castiel’s gaze lingered on Dean, the Empath coughing before clapping and starting to turn towards the door, pausing just as suddenly.
"They are not hiding. They are there, you just cannot see them." Dean looked up at Castiel with big eyes again, and he noticed that they were similar to the ones Sam gave - he also found himself bending to a will behind a question that was yet to be asked.
“I don’t know if it’s your blood sugar or what the hell just happened with you, but I definitely think you need this. Other than the fact you haven’t eaten for days.” Castiel felt Dean sit beside him rather than saw it, his hand coming to rest on his fur again as a whine escaped.
“It’s alright, take as long as you need. You’ve gone from no magic to what seems like rather a lot in a short space of time, you’re going to need that adjustment period.”
Dean looks up from his plate as Castiel sits on the bench on the opposite side of the table, both hands wrapped around the mug of coffee in front of him, brow furrowing in confusion at the seemingly random outburst from the former angel. He waits a few seconds to see if Castiel is going to elaborate further, fork hovering in the air between his plate and his mouth; sighing as he opts to take a sip from his mug rather than give the hunter any more information.
“Dean… Are you alright?” Castiel’s voice is soft as it breaks through Dean’s staring, brows furrowed as a small amount of worry joins it.
“Okay, that’s fine - but I need to know some specifics so I know what I’m putting in here. How many times you fell on it or whatever, if you’ve done anything that could have made it worse, etc.”
Just then, Dean’s hit by an awful realization: Cas doesn’t plan to make good on
That's still weird to think about, not being single. A part of him always thought commitment would freak him out, too much of a change of pace for him to handle. But the warm feeling he gets in his chest when he looks at Cas is nothing compared to whatever spark of attraction this girl might elicit. It’s disgustingly sappy, but it’s true, and Dean’s put any embarrassment about that behind him, because he’s learned that there are better things for him on the horizon if he can shake off his hang ups.
almost the instant Cas gets a hand on his dick. Dean fumbles to reciprocate, embarrassed by how quickly he got off, by the secret thrill still coursing through him.
Cas doesn’t hesitate when he strikes, is fucking
Dean pulls away long enough to wink at her. “No promises.”
Cas smiles wider, threads his fingers in Dean’s hair, and starts talking.
“Okay, so,” Dean says once the reservoir’s in the rear-view mirror, a slightly hysterical laugh bubbling up and escaping, “That didn’t go as planned.”
That tiny part of Dean’s brain that knows he should be mature about this keeps telling him he should just talk to Cas, that Cas would never judge him and would make every effort to remind Dean how wanted he is, in any way Dean could possibly ask for.
“Helpful,” Dean says with a grimace, aggravated. “Thanks.”
“You close, Cas?” he asks, whispered against Castiel’s ear, voice slurred and satisfied in a way that stirs up a dark sense of gratification in Castiel’s chest.
“Yeah,” Dean says, surprisingly quiet and sincere compared to Castiel’s teasing tone. “Please,” he adds after a brief silence.
Cas tilts his head, regarding Dean intently, but says nothing; apparently, he just wanted Dean’s attention.
“I guess, but…” Cas gets plenty bitter about it, for sure, but not quite
Dean redoubles his efforts, not fooling around anymore; he’s impatient for the end, Castiel knows – not because he’s tired of doing this, of course, but because he’s eager to make Castiel come, earn his
Cas looks over at Dean in response to his touch, a soft, easy smile on his face that totally undoes Dean. The interest he couldn’t bother sparing for any of these random admirers is fixed squarely on Dean, and Cas’s almost comical indifference about people trying to hit on him finally starts to sink into Dean’s brain. He’s being stupid again, letting his insecurities run away with him and ruin a nice evening. When he thinks about it, he’s actually pretty confident in the knowledge that Cas wants him, wants to
him. And now Cas wants to be with him forever.
“That doesn’t matter.”
Dean doesn’t really pretend to be accomplishing anything here, just runs his soapy hands along Cas’s firm chest. He presses a kiss to Cas’s throat because he can’t resist, but he follows Cas’s lead and doesn’t escalate. Cas lets out a pleased hum, barely audible over the spray, but a tingling buzz beneath Dean’s lips. He breathes Cas’s name when Cas reciprocates; the answering kiss on his neck is almost chaste, but the feeling of his stubble scratching Dean’s sensitive skin is electrifying.
But Cas seems too impatient for that now. Dean fixates on the smooth motions of Cas’s hand on his cock and licks his lips in anticipation. He closes his eyes when Cas lets out a strangled gasp, groans aloud at the feeling of Cas’s come landing in thick stripes across his cheek, his mouth, a few stray drops dripping down his chin. Dean opens his eyes to take in the look of ecstasy on Cas’s face, immediately lets his tongue dart out to catch what he can as Cas coaxes out the last feeble pulses.
It’s a more thrilling sensation than Dean had anticipated, and his orgasm takes him entirely by surprise, cock pulsing in Cas’s hand, gasping half-formed words that sound a lot like Cas’s name. Cas follows a few increasingly frantic thrusts later, muffling his groan in Dean’s hair, spilling hot against his skin.
Dean holds his gaze, breath shallower than before. “It was the cheap stuff,” he says with a hint of a smirk. He doesn’t know if that’s true – he never even touched it.
Trying to mentally talk himself out of it works for about half a second; the idea lingers persistently on the fringes of his imagination for weeks, and it doesn’t take much for it to come floating to the surface. Cas unbuttoning his shirt. Cas’s fingers drumming on the steering wheel. Cas’s hand cupping Dean’s cheek. The more that the thought comes back to him – like in the shower, getting a hand on himself and coming with a strangled moan before he even thinks to stop – the more he realizes that maybe it’s not such an absurd fantasy after all. Maybe this is something he wants for real. And as he and Cas grow closer, Dean starts to feel like it’s something he could have. Ridiculous sexual whims don’t seem so ridiculous with someone he loves and trusts. Go figure.
For a moment, Cas hesitates. “I—shouldn’t we—?” he starts, suddenly sounding way too coherent for Dean’s tastes.
He is—urgently so, no longer needing to hold off for Dean’s sake, confronted with the sight of Dean red-faced and sated and spattered with his own release and knowing
Dean feels like he’d be better off keeping an eye on his food, but he turns to look at Cas instead.
“That’s just the way some people are,” Dean replies, “It’s fine, don’t let it get to you,” he adds, fully aware of what a hypocrite he’s being.
So that night Dean finds himself stripping down for bed
He can almost hear Sam frowning at him. “Work? What work?”
He feels like a damn idiot for how he used to be, that the best ending he could possibly see for himself was to die young, guns blazing. He’d always thought that a story like his could only end tragically. Because he could never have imagined, even in his craziest fantasies, anything as overwhelming, as incredible, as loving Cas and being loved by him in return.
“Hmm,” Dean muses, closing his eyes and tucking his face against the crook of Castiel’s neck, arm tightening around his waist, already drifting off. “Surprise me.”
“I will
Cas brushes past him to straddle the bench, glancing up at Dean. “Did you come to join me?”
But it’s obvious now, Castiel thinks, mind snapping back to the present, that there’s still a part of Dean that’s been craving this, to enjoy this act so shamelessly and enthusiastically. And even so, still looking to Castiel for what’s allowed.
“Well, there’s nothing here,” Cas says, running the light of his flashlight along the trash littering the cave floor. “Unless you think we’re hunting a wendigo that’s developed a taste for beer.”
Cas is, how he’s so turned on he’s leaking onto Dean’s tongue. Dean’s so glad that he’s not the only one enjoying this, fucking thrilled at that tangible evidence of what this is doing for Cas – he’s still teetering on the edge of orgasm and this isn’t helping him get himself under control one damn bit.
“Uhh, hello?” she says, gesturing to herself. “And Cas is with you in all this, isn’t he?”
He knows that, despite what Dean is willing to admit to, nightmares are a common occurrence for him. Castiel has sensed Dean’s distress like this countless times. He gets it from Sam too, sometimes, but he’s usually quite calm compared to Dean, not to mention the fact that Dean’s fear and discomfort lance through Castiel in a way that Sam’s don’t – louder in general, perhaps, but certainly louder to Castiel.
Dean is
“I—” Dean attempts. “Uh.”
Castiel smiles back and ultimately gives into Dean’s urging. He’s rather anxious to get on with it himself. He does get distracted by Dean’s mouth for a moment – Dean doesn’t seem to mind delaying for
Dean’s always found that exhilarating, in any context. It doesn’t have to be sexual, or even have anything to do with Dean at all: Cas is just fucking
Cas smirks back at him, depositing his sword and shield on a table. “That was my intention.”
Maybe it’s inappropriate, but Dean would do the same.
, right now, Dean.”
Castiel likes the sound of that idea, and he realizes, faintly surprised, that he has some ideas of his own. “Even…” he starts, slowly, testing a theory. “Even if there are rules?”
It’s a nice idea, but ultimately not one that Castiel clings to; any life that he shares with Dean is the one that he truly wants.
to get through is through there,” he says, nodding towards to office’s only door. “According to Mr. Chapman’s statement, the door was locked that evening, and it doesn’t appear to have been forced open.”
– that one he can’t bring himself to type up at all, horrified for even thinking it.
But eventually he gets sick of eating takeout and frozen pizzas alone in his room, and he finds himself creeping into the kitchen and firing up the stove when he thinks the coast is clear.
“Damn right,” he says with a grin, all exaggerated smugness. “I’m classy as hell.”
Cas languidly moves against Dean for a few more moments as he rides out his orgasm, kissing Dean deep and then pulling back to let his mouth wander down Dean’s throat, panting his name against his skin. Dean’s flushed and oversensitive, every brush of Cas’s lips eliciting goosebumps, every caress drawing out another shaky sigh.
Cas’s mouth quirks up at one corner. “They’re not mutually exclusive.”
Castiel’s experience with kissing is limited, but he knows,
Dean lets his forehead drop onto Cas’s chest for a moment, steeling himself before continuing, trying his damnedest to hold Cas’s gaze. “Did I ever tell you about… Rhonda Hurley?”
to that video, because he’d, what, been into it? It was more absurd and vaguely uncomfortable than anything else, at the time, but it’s not an unpleasant thought now, especially if that’s something Dean wants – it would be awesome if Cas gets a kick out of it too.
Cas smiles to himself, somehow both sad and amused. “Well, you know I’m not very popular with the other angels right now.”
gone too far if you ask me,” Castiel mutters, not intending to say it so bluntly or let that faint rasp of a growl slip into his voice, but there’s really no point in trying to disguise his displeasure. Any attempts to refrain from showing Dean this side of himself again have decidedly failed, and now he has to deal with the consequences.
Dean reaches for the handle of the driver’s side door, another provocative comment on the tip of his tongue, when Cas interjects. “No,” he says abruptly, and Dean pulls his hand back and snaps to attention, his smirk wavering but quickly reforming as genuine excitement. “Back seat.”
The way he smiles at Castiel then is absolutely breathtaking, the carefree laugh he can’t contain, the light in his eyes. “You’re different in a good way too,” Castiel replies, heartbeat picking up all over again as Dean grins wider, brighter, then leans in for a kiss. Castiel used to wonder if that was true, if his scope of humans was too small to be sure or objective. But Dean is special; he knows that now undeniably, and perhaps Castiel’s opinion isn’t as unbiased as he’d like to think after all, but he’s certain that he doesn’t care.
. “Until I tell you that you can.”
They both value a bit of simplicity in their private lives, considering everything else the world demands of them, but Castiel has been learning about some of the exhilarating and gratifying ways that life can be a little more… complex. An added
It’s always a little more difficult to be the one doing this to himself, but Dean’s determined to do the heavy lifting here, wants to get himself ready, let Cas just sit back and enjoy it. Of course, sitting back and enjoying it isn’t really Cas’s style – he takes the bottle from Dean’s slackening grip and adds his own slick finger alongside Dean’s, observing his reaction attentively, kissing the underside of his jaw.
Dean clears his throat. “How’s everything?”
They gather up their near-forgotten dinner plates in almost perfect unison, and when they meet up at the kitchen counter to put them in the sink, Dean finds himself catching Cas’s gaze and holding it for longer than could really be called appropriate. But Cas just stares right on back, that ever-intense regard that makes Dean want to shy away even as he couldn’t possibly imagine looking anywhere else.
Castiel takes that under advisement when the opportunity presents itself. When Dean sleepily curls up beside him, Castiel allows a few minutes to pass, wondering if he’ll wake up on his own. Dean only slides further down the headboard and closer to Castiel, head practically in his lap.
Cas smiles at him faintly. “Then I had a much better understanding of things.”
Cas’s lips quirk. “I should, should I?”
Dean squirms under Castiel’s intense gaze and fixates on the television screen instead. “Dude, you’re watching without me?”
Perhaps someone else might be more capable at deftly navigating the challenges of being in a relationship with someone who catches everyone’s eye wherever they go, but obviously Castiel is not that person. Dean has always brought out these kinds of unprecedented, unpredictable emotions in Castiel, and as much as he’d like to say this emotion in particular is a recent development, he now realizes that there have probably been countless times he’s acted on his jealousy in the past, without really thinking about it. Now it’s so much more prominent in his mind, and he finds himself hypervigilant at the most inopportune times, sometimes actively
They spend long minutes just… making out like a couple of teenagers, until Dean’s blood is pumping, and he’s starting to get a little worked up, lamenting the fact that they’re not somewhere a bit warmer.
As much as a selfish part of him is willing to lie to keep Cas here, there’s no legitimate excuse he can come up with, and in the end, that’s just not how he wants to do things. “You can—” He swallows. “You do what you gotta do.” He can’t bring himself to actually deny it, to say out loud that he doesn’t need Cas here. “I’ll be—we’ll be fine.”
And that realization also sparked something in
Castiel’s caught off-guard for a moment before he reciprocates, gathering Dean into his arms just as carefully, not only following Dean’s example, but also determined to handle him gently when he so clearly needs it. Dean lets out a slow breath and pushes his face into the crook of Castiel’s neck, takes a half-step closer to bring their bodies flush together.
With time and experience, this has gotten easier for Cas. And that’s supposed to be a good thing. Dean knows that. He does. Now Cas talks about what he’s going through, can joke about it instead of acting on impulse like a mindless animal. He’s worked on himself. He’s
Dean’s never cared for those kinds of nicknames before, but it’s different with Cas – he isn’t being condescending, he truly means it, the cocky façade slipping away. Dean
When Castiel pulls away he just studies Dean’s face for a moment, thumb tracing his delicate cheekbone. In this proximity, he can count every freckle dusting Dean’s nose, feel the rise and fall of his chest at it presses against Castiel’s. He’s sure the look on his face is hopelessly enamored, but at this point there’s no way he can hope to conceal that—and for once he doesn’t have to, sees a similar expression mirrored back to him, as humbling and unbelievable as it is.
it when Cas looks at him that way.
, leaving Castiel reeling from the interruption, the hand that was working its way towards Dean’s thigh falling away as Dean leans forward to reach the laptop. Again, Castiel detects a hint of a sly smile on Dean’s face, a teasing indication that they’ll pick up where they left off later.
“Uh,” Dean blinks and snaps out of it, dragging his eyes towards Cas’s face, expecting Cas to tease him now that he’s been caught staring. “Yeah?”
Dean raises an eyebrow at him. “Something happen while I was gone?”
him, to say it like a casual greeting, as if he’s seeing Dean for the first time today, as if he hadn’t just been growling filth into Dean’s ear a few minutes ago.
Dean’s overwhelmed by a sudden urge to kiss Cas and remembers with a lurch that
Dean shrugs. “Depends on how interested they are having a viral video of two feds getting freaky at a crime scene,” he says flippantly.
Cas finally allows Dean more room to thrust into it, his fingers digging into Dean’s thigh, letting him ride it out. He kisses Dean’s forehead, his temple, still absurdly gentle as Dean moans and shakes and pants against Cas’s shoulder.
“Are you ready to go?” Cas asks eventually, voice gentle like he knows how apprehensive Dean’s feeling.
Cas tries to push closer, teeth against Dean’s neck; Dean feels Cas’s cock press against his ass, nudging lower, and Dean adjusts his position so Cas can slip between his legs, rock into the soft pressure of his thighs.
that’s perfect,” he says, gently kissing Dean’s cheek. “You feel incredible.”
Cas eyes him when he ducks into the shelter. “You should probably—”
Just that permission, the idea that Dean would allow this, that he’s
Dean is so hilariously not tempted. Aside from the y’know…
this is the one time a pop culture nod doesn’t go over Cas’s head.
“Yeah, because you jumped to the conclusion that you fucked up and went AWOL on me.” He’s not mad, not trying to make any accusations here. Because he gets it, he really does. It might even be a little hypocritical for him to be saying that in the first place.
“Uh, no,” Dean says, licking his lips. “The usual—y’know—” he adds with a vague gesture towards the laptop, “—is fine.”
They’ll never know how…
Dean’s floored by the implication Cas is making there, swearing under his breath as he imagines Cas’s
When they do make it out of bed, they easily fall into comfortable idleness and routine, moments where they can just exist quietly next to each other. That’s not new, but it’s something Dean clings to more tightly than ever.
“No,” Cas is quick to reassure him. “No, it wasn’t like that. I could only
his way. Dean feels it like a simmering heat in his belly, has to glance away before they get too distracted or carried away.
“Okay.” His own voice sounds false, far away. “I will.” Castiel’s clean and dressed with a thought, desperately wants to take it one step further and simply vanish from the room.
“Look,” Sam says, standing up and glancing down at Dean.  “Obviously your mind’s hung up on something. Maybe you just need to find some way to work it out of your system.”
, or something. It’s both ridiculous and completely typical that they’ve never done anything like that before. Maybe if they’re really successful tonight he’ll get them the hell out of this Podunk town, book a room in one of those fancy ski lodges for the duration of the hunt. Dean doesn’t give one shit about skiing, but getting cozy by the fireplace and taking a dip in a Jacuzzi would do him some good right about now.
Old, deep-seated habits tell Dean to take that sentiment as rejection, as unwillingness to deal with Dean’s emotional demands. There’s a part of him that thinks this is exactly what he feared: committing to Dean is just too much to ask.
The sight, the sensation of Cas falling apart drives Dean that much closer to the brink. He slows down, brushes back Cas’s hair from his forehead and drops a kiss on his temple, his cheek, his mouth, as if to soothe him but needing a moment to ground
, is Cas even more bulked up than he was before? Is that even possible in a week? Maybe it is for an angel. Dean doesn’t exactly know what the rules are, there.
Castiel sits down with his own cup, watching Dean for a moment as they sip their coffee. It’s rare that Castiel gets to see Dean like this, calm and contemplative as he stares out the window, able to have a quiet moment of idle reflection. Castiel’s seen it before, the way Dean’s guard goes down when it’s just the two of them. But Dean can only relax so much when Sam’s still in the next room, or five minutes from returning with pizza. They have real solitude here, and the change in Dean without his defenses up is always palpable, the way the tension in his shoulder eases, the way he laughs more often and more genuinely. The brief glimpses that Castiel has had over the years were enough for him to know that he wanted that for Dean all the time.
“Dean?”
Castiel hesitates and lets Dean’s words hang unacknowledged, just in case he has yet to realize what he’s actually said. But after a few beats pass, he makes no attempt to take the offer back.
They don’t sleep right away, that night. Later, as they finally settle in, Castiel allows himself a moment of reflection. He’s spent the night beside Dean countless times, but now he is properly
He really wants to dismiss it, say that the situation’s probably been exaggerated because the victim’s got a little bit of money and influence. He’s not even
likes about what they do definitely holds a certain appeal.
. Cas presses his teeth to Dean’s neck, scratches him up with his stubble, leaves matching hickies and beard-burn on his stomach and inner thighs as he works his way down. Cas hooks his fingers in the waistband of the panties, breath hot and tantalizing through the gauzy fabric, before he carefully eases them down. “Don’t want to ruin them,” he rumbles, glint in his eye, and god, Dean’s created a monster. He can’t say he’s too worried about it.
” he murmurs in the intimate space between them, relieved to feel Cas relax, at least marginally.
Most times, it’s like his dream comes true, and everything’s just like it was at the beginning of this strange but thrilling journey they’ve been on, when even the slightest inkling of jealousy could put Cas in a
, restless in anticipation.
gone, has just disappeared without a word. He doesn’t even leave goddamn note, which is just discourteous, if you ask Dean. He should be used to Cas wandering off on him, but maybe in the back of his mind, Dean expected it to be different now that Cas has got a home base to return to, somewhere he’s supposed to be.
This is what it’s all been about – a true feeling of surrender, the power willingly given up to someone who can handle it, being relieved of that burden of control. Dean feels
After their discussion – or what qualifies as a discussion for them, anyway – Dean has certain… expectations about how things will be going forward.
loses his nerve. He used to feel relieved once he took what would have been a nerve-racking conversation off the table. But by now, it’s started to frustrate him. He wants to take this chance with Cas. It’s scary as fuck, but he still wants to do it. The more time he spends with Cas, just enjoying their quiet downtime together, the more he gets a sense of what a life with him would be like. The reward far outweighs the risk, in Dean’s eyes.
Better still is when Dean glances at him Castiel knows he’s lost in those memories too, a glint in his eye that tells Castiel he’s still thinking about what they did the night before, and how much he’d like to do it again. That kind of boost to Castiel’s ego is always a welcome distraction, helps him forget about whatever disagreeable situation he’s currently forced to endure and make
When Cas comes it feels like a well-earned reward, evidence of Cas’s pleasure pulsing inside him, and Dean’s so satisfied he might not even care if they stain the upholstery.
“I know,” Castiel admits, contrite, bracing himself even though Dean doesn’t sound annoyed like he would have expected. He seems almost amused. Maybe even pleased? “I just—I wanted to put an end to it before things…” he trails off for a beat or two, a bit embarrassed, “Went too far.”
Dean’s a bit clingy once they step under the spray, melting into each careful caress as Cas washes him, taking extra care to work out the lingering stiffness in his arms.
“Seriously,” Cas replies with a slight quirk of his lips.
Dean licks his lips just because he knows Cas is watching, grabs his too-open shirt by the lapels and tugs him into a kiss, pulling him into an empty stall, sending them tumbling into a fresh pile of hay.
Dean’s still panting, faintly trembling as Castiel twitches through the last few aftershocks, hissing as Castiel pulls out and rolls onto the mattress beside him. Castiel glances over, intending to gather him close, if Dean doesn’t beat him to it and wriggle up next to him, but Dean’s still on his side of the bed, eyes distant, glazed over.
Dean sighs as he looks at Sam again, injecting a little more drama than usual. “You sure it’s—” He feels like a parody of himself just saying it— “
, can’t even follow simple directions, and Cas is so freakin’ patient with him. Dean falls into self-flagellation so easily, and maybe it seems a little excessive at the moment, but his nerves are always jumbled up when they do this, wires start to get crossed. Cas makes him feel so
Dean can’t remember the last time he was completely naked with someone like this, even for sex. He wishes he could say that he was just so gone on the people he’s been with that he
He has his suspicions about why he and Dean are here. It’s not like Dean to leave Sam out like this, and a hopeful part of Castiel’s brain can’t help but think that there were other motives at play.
Castiel can’t tease him anymore. He’d only be denying himself at this point too.
He snorts derisively. “With my track record, I kinda doubt that, Cas.”
?” Dean asks, eyebrow shooting up. “Damn, what gave me away?”
“Oh my god,” Sam pretends to groan, “
Cas beams at him and shit, it’s a good thing Dean’s already in love with him or he’d be a total fucking goner. “Of course. And champagne? This is something to celebrate.”
“I got to see all of you,” Cas says, lowering himself back down and smiling at the memory. “You were even more breathtaking than I imagined.”
“It was an unnecessary risk.” Dean tenses at how serious Cas sounds. It’s not like Cas is wrong, but he feels a pang of shame, unsettled by the idea that Cas might be experiencing some regret. But when he finally drags his gaze away from his own feet, he catches sight of Cas smirking at him in the reflective doors, face softening into a tender smile when Dean meets his eyes. “It was still worth it,” he says sincerely, turning to look at Dean directly, reaching for his hand.
Like the one where he and Cas get snowed in in a cabin, and end up wrapped in a blanket, sharing their first kiss in front of the fireplace.
Dean rolls over, facing away from Cas, and curls in on himself, suddenly worried that he’s burning any semblance of a bridge he and Cas might have built today. He swallows, voice softening. “Don’t worry about me.”
Charlie raises her eyebrows at him expectantly.
“When I put my tongue inside you?” Cas asks. “Or when I do this?”
The sliver of logic Dean still has intact understands why Cas is holding back, so used to taking his time with Dean like this, opening him up nice and slow with his fingers and tongue, thorough and devastating until Dean’s nearly insane with anticipation.
“’m I dreamin’?” he slurs. That’s usually the only time he gets to have something like this.
Although as he steps closer to get between Cas and the drawer, he starts to get an idea. Cas’s shirt is looking tight to the point of being uncomfortable, fabric straining across the shoulders every time he shifts his weight.
“I’m going to sit here,” Cas allows, “And I’m going to watch you.”
“I just—I didn’t know you—” Cas honestly seems taken aback, to Dean’s surprise. “You think… you think
He still doesn’t believe it, exactly, but Cas looks so proud of him for trying – and maybe he’s getting a little closer to buying into it. Maybe.
Cas doesn’t finish his thought, just smiles darkly to himself, eyeing Dean’s mouth, thumb swiping across Dean’s lower lip. “Sometimes all I can think about is getting you alone.”
“That’s the fly amanita,” Cas immediately chimes in.
to happen, or what stupid and irrevocable thing he might say.
Castiel takes one last, lingering look at Dean before he leaves the room, struck by the intensity and depth of affection that surges through him, the contentment at seeing Dean safe and comfortable. Castiel wants to give him everything, any possible desire or need he might have, and amazingly enough, Dean might be open to letting him.
That level of authenticity that lets him truly indulge in the fantasy of Cas needing to claim Dean for himself, for all the world to see.
Dean catches her eye in the rear-view mirror and gives her what he likes to think is his most charming smile. “You’re still the queen, Charlie. Nobody better than you. Right, Cas?”
Cas does exactly that, the motions of his hand unyielding and precise. He falls into a rhythm only to break out of it again; sometimes a few strikes are deliberate and
Dean secretly loves this little game they play, Cas acting cocky and Dean taking him down a peg, teasing him into flirtatious banter – because that’s exactly what this is. Dean used to pretend otherwise, but there’s no denying that now, not with Cas only a few inches away, close enough that Dean can feel the heat of his body, admire the stubble lining his jaw.
There’s a weighted silence that Castiel expects, knowing that such sincerity is sometimes difficult for Dean, that accepting how truly cherished he is doesn’t come easily. He’s pleased when Dean doesn’t protest or brush it off, just ducks his head in acknowledgment, a faint pink tinge coloring his cheeks, an almost shy smile on his face. “Guess you didn’t just marry me for my body after all,” he mutters with an almost imperceptible crackle of emotion that Castiel knows to listen for.
Cas squints at him suspiciously. “Sam says most cereals like that are full of sugar.”
He wraps his fingers around Castiel in a sure, practiced grip, firm enough to feel good, but clearly not intended to go anywhere. Not yet, at least. Dean’s just appreciating the moment, savoring it for a beat or two, even though Castiel is certain that Dean is eager—because he
“I changed my mind.”
, instantly mollifies his irritation.
And Dean owes him honesty. At first, he wonders if maybe this wasn’t such a smart idea after all. He’s not sure if it feels good in the way he’d hoped. But before he says that out loud, he pauses to assess, to allow himself settle down and truly experience it, no shame or doubt or unrealistic expectations. Really, it feels like he thought it would, which is… a
And the fantasy was fun, sure – the idea of Cas as a high-powered executive, Dean as his eager-to-please employee, vying for his attention – definitely put a little extra fire in his belly. But there’s no pretending that this isn’t
Dean bolts upright in his bed, tangled in the blankets. He’s still shaking, fighting back a sob, eyes welled up and spilling over. He swears he can still feel his shoulder burning from Cas’s touch.
Castiel knows it’s meant to be a flippant remark, but he can’t help but correct that perception. He takes Dean’s hand in his own, brings it up to his mouth, kisses his knuckles. “This was never a sin, Dean,” he murmurs against Dean’s skin, holding Dean’s gaze steadily. “What I feel for you is the purest thing I know on this earth or in heaven. That you feel the same for me is beyond anything I could ever have hoped for.”
He takes a second to catch his breath. Charlie watches him quietly, and he trusts that she’s listening.
here. Dean’s always amazed to find out that, even with everything he and Cas have been through, there’s more progress for them to make, ways for them to grow closer and forge a stronger bond.
“You, uh—you warm enough?” So maybe it’s not the most direct approach, but hey, he’s trying. Baby steps.
“Doesn’t look like nothing,” Dean says, frowning and crossing his arms.
“I’m glad you’re so patient with me,” Cas replies, with a quirk of his lips. But that hint of a mischievous spark in his eye flickers out as soon as it appears. “You shouldn’t have to be so patient, though. I’m better than that. I’m… trying to do better.”
Cas lets out a rumbling moan, hand tight and fast on his cock – he wasn’t kidding, he’s so
They’re halfway through a lengthy trip home, and it’s not that Castiel minds the drive, exactly. But considering he used to be able to travel anywhere in an instant, this kind of travel just feels like it takes so
That seems to get through to Cas, slowing him down, his jaw clenching in that familiar way as he glances at Dean. “Has this happened a lot in the past?” He’s got that pained look he gets sometimes, when he doesn’t
Castiel knows countless ways to take Dean apart,
Cas smiles wider and immediately wraps Dean up in his arms. It’s nice to do this just because, not with anyone on the brink of death or recently returning from it. Dean sinks into it and just… lets himself be held, soaking up Cas’s body heat and the strength of his affection. Dean had always thought he’d fuck this part up, instinctively shying away or playing it cool. But the instant he was in Cas’s embrace for the first time, for
And, well, he doesn’t need a priest to tell him it’s time to kiss Cas.
Dean practically whines when Cas pulls away to take another swig of his beer,
Dean takes a deep breath. “I guess it just… It feels good knowing you’ve got my back.” Knowing that Cas will take care of him, that all he has to do is put himself in Cas’s hands, that at the end he can feel like he’s done a good job.
, drawing this out for his own sake as much as Castiel’s. Dean’s hand is still steadily stroking the length of Castiel’s cock while he presses his tongue along the underside, attending to the sensitive spot beneath the head. He looks pleased when that makes Castiel’s cock twitch in his grip and happily laps up the bead of fluid that leaks from the tip.
“Good,” Cas replies, enticingly deep, and his approving smile warms Dean to his toes.
He always does, and he’s so used to burying that urge until the coast is clear, but—but here he doesn’t have to and isn’t
,” on his lips.
Cas’s voice breaks Dean out of his trance, and he hands Dean his duffel, the other bags from the trunk already slung over his shoulder.
Dean makes a vague noise of assent, either too embarrassed or too far gone to confirm more coherently. It’s not even clear what Castiel is referring to, specifically, but he seems to love all of it – tender, rough, soaking up any affection Castiel can give him.
And now, pulled back from the brink of death at the hands of some grisly evil, she’s apparently just decided to go for it.
the one who just had his world thoroughly rocked. Cas only came once (that Dean was cognizant of, anyway) and could go for a second round by the looks of it, but he seems unbothered by it, shifting to brace himself over Dean, staring down at him, eyes slightly wide.
He shifts and lies down next to Dean, plastered against his side, teeth delicately scraping along his neck, long fingers wrapping around Dean’s cock. Cas strokes him fast and tight, no mercy at all, slick just from Cas’s mouth and the way Dean’s steadily leaking. The friction’s unbearably good, winding him up real quick, and Dean’s almost sure he’s about to hurtle over the edge—
, taken under by a rush that defies description, leaves his eyes stinging.
There’s a wildness in Cas’s eyes that Dean recognizes, when all of his feelings for Dean come into sharp focus, when he directs them at Dean with such intensity that Dean wouldn’t be able to stand it if it didn’t make him feel so amazing. “Nothing is more important to me than you are, Dean,” he says, “When I’m in battle, all I can think of is returning to you. The promise of touching you keeps me sane. It keeps me alive.”
If Dean wants it to feel real to him, it’s gotta feel real to Cas too. And Dean’s sure it’s only a matter of time before Cas finds the right…
Cas just smiles, fuck, apparently pleased by the idea, by memories of himself and Dean together.
Dean melts into it, mind hazy with lust, even though this all seems so shockingly, terrifyingly real. The dreams always ended up a little fuzzy in his recollection – he’ll just remember flashes of images and sensations, the undercurrent of arousal – but reality’s so much sharper, every detail burning itself into his brain. Dean’s gonna have a hell of a time forgetting this: Cas’s cock hard against his own, his unshaven cheek tickling Dean’s throat, the long fingers in Dean’s hair tightening as Cas lets loose an obscene moan, muscles locking beneath Dean’s palms—
annoyed that she didn’t get them a harder drink. He doesn’t mind slowing down, wants Cas too bad to risk either of them being too uncoordinated to actually act on that when they get home. Besides, he doesn’t want to be so out of it that he forgets the whole thing either. It doesn’t matter how many times he’s been with Cas, each time, every second they’re together is worth remembering, in Dean’s opinion.
Castiel focuses his attention on the closed door to Dean’s room, not sensing that he’s awake or detecting any movement with his superior sense of hearing. “It seems that way,” Castiel replies.
Cas must notice the tension in Dean’s posture because he backs off, slides free from Dean’s mouth. Dean strains to taste Cas again, but Cas holds him just out of reach, fingers in his hair again.
But those moments are absurd, even more so than Cas in a kilt or Dean as his eager-to-please employee, so far outside of reality that Dean stubbornly pushes away the thought of them. But that leaves only the raunchier bits to contemplate, reminding him how he’s still throbbing in his threadbare sweatpants, and he fights the urge to reach down and take care of it because nope, not gonna do that again. He can barely look Cas in the eye as it is.
Dean can’t help cringing at this guy’s… vocabulary. He’s been throwing around a few choice terms that Dean realizes, guilt settling heavily in his gut, he might’ve used himself back in the day – and he would’ve done it so thoughtlessly, too, because it was more or less expected of him, given his lifestyle, his upbringing. Hearing them now cuts him right to the core because god, they’re about people like
“So you
Cas hands him a water bottle that he’d stashed in the nightstand and makes sure Dean drinks before coaxing him onto his stomach.
But that’s—that’s not an option, so he’s just gonna have to push through these feelings some other way.
than enough. He’s not just willing to settle for it, it’s what he wants. If letting go of some trappings of divinity means he gets to be more wholly devoted to Dean, if that’s a choice he has to make, it’s an easy one.
He’s on his side with Cas tucked up behind him, and in the early morning fuzziness, he can admit that he feels safe and
He and Cas take it in turns challenging people, roping them into playing fast and loose with their extraneous income. Dean’s up first, absolutely destroying some drunk blowhard at darts, while Cas hangs back, ready to step in and help out if things turn ugly. He sits at the bar, taking slow sips from his glass and watching Dean like a hawk, protectiveness and admiration in his gaze every time Dean sneaks a glance in his direction. Dean kinda… likes that, if he’s being honest, feels confident and
“Nope,” Dean says cheerfully, Cas already leading him away.
“But what if
Castiel’s certain that question is mostly rhetorical, but— “Absolutely not,” he agrees with conviction, gratified when that elicits something dark and delighted in Dean’s gaze.
“That’s it,” Cas whispers, breaking off with a gasp. “
For a moment, Cas looks lost in thought, but he finds Dean’s gaze again and holds it for a few heavy seconds. “I feel as if I’ve told you countless times by now, but I love you in every sense of the word as I understand it,” he says at last, perfectly calm and confident. “And I wanted you to hear that from
Dean clears his throat, seizing the opportunity to diffuse the tension – at least for the moment. “This is nice,” he says, letting his gaze fall away to watch his fingertips stroke Cas’s sleeve, just to make it clear that Dean’s talking about his sweater being nice and not…
“Are you even awake back there?”
Dean stifles a vehement protest over Cas stopping and makes an incomprehensible noise of agreement instead – yeah,
Dean doesn’t properly reply, just mutters an expletive under his breath, eyes wide as they stare up at Castiel.
Dean wasn’t at all prepared for the firm heft of muscle he feels beneath his fingers, Cas’s flesh warm and unyielding and… Yeah.
“Yeah,” Dean croaks, and maybe he should be embarrassed to admit how close he was to losing it already, but he’s too far gone to worry about it.
? Seriously?”
Cas’s body was nice enough to look at but Dean’s even more impressed once he gets his hands on it, because he still can’t believe he’s actually touching Cas like this. The smooth skin and hard muscle are enticing, for sure, but for the umpteenth time he remembers that
Dean hums against Cas’s cheek, satisfied that Cas’s torso is finally bared to his gaze, to his insistent touch. He earns himself a shaky huff of breath from Cas’s lips when he grazes a nipple, then trails lower, Cas’s taut stomach muscles jumping under his fingertips, Cas’s hand settling heavily on the nape of Dean’s neck.
is Cas gonna try to backpedal on this one. “That piece of shit had it coming.”
To an outsider, that could pass for an innocuously curious question, but Dean isn’t fooled. “What?” he says, cutting his eyes towards Cas, instinct and experience putting him on the defensive. “Cereal was on the list.”
Cas snorts, and Dean smiles wider at the sound of it. “I
Eventually, Castiel pulls away for a cursory clean up, just enough for him to gather Dean into his arms more comfortably, settling on his side so they can lie face to face.
in the idea, because he absolutely is. But they’ll get there. He doesn’t know what Cas’s expectations are. He doesn’t know what his own expectations are, to be honest. He’s completely out of his depth, but that’s as exhilarating as it is nerve-racking.
When he has what he needs, he settles back on the bed, braced over Dean so he can tease him with his slick fingers before slipping one inside him. Dean hums indulgently at the feeling, still agreeable and pliant for all his griping to
“I suppose that works,” Cas says mildly, and if Dean didn’t know any better, he’d say Cas just gave him a quick once over. “The gym might be more efficient, though.”
“Well,” Dean says awkwardly. “I should probably—” he says, making a vague gesture at what a disheveled mess he is. Cas is hardly worse for wear, looks just as good as he did when he walked in, and Dean feels another pang of desire that he hastily stifles. “G’night,” he mumbles, turning away so he can slink off to process all this in the privacy of his bedroom.
But the expected shame never comes, doesn’t stand a chance of taking over while Cas’s capable hands are still on him, steady and reassuring.
Dean closes his eyes and relaxes under Castiel’s touch. “Hey, can you—” Castiel instinctively know what he means, carding his fingers through Dean’s hair and massaging gently, warm all over from the bone-deep sigh that elicits. “God, that’s…”
Dean swallows hard, overwhelmed by a rush of vulnerability that he wouldn’t have predicted when Charlie first sidled up to him with a conspiratorial gleam in her eyes. It might be nice to feel normal for once. Dean’s life is already so far removed from normal to begin with, but that’s something he came to terms with a long time ago. It’s just this particular part he’s still working on. As much as he’d like to say otherwise, those hang-ups aren’t entirely behind him, but he’s come pretty far, and now that he’s opened his mind to the idea, he has to admit that Charlie’s made a lot of good points. Besides, at the end of the day, it just feels idiotic to keep the best thing that’s ever happened to him hidden away like a shameful secret.
“I’m sorry.”
Cas hasn’t undressed at
“Oh yeah?” Dean smirks at him, a teasing spark in his eye. “How far did you think things were gonna go?”
Dean doesn’t know how explain it without revealing more than he wants to about the things he used to get up to, so he casts around for something relatively safe. “There’s a lot of, uh—” The word
“Yeah,” Dean admits on a breath, before immediately backpedaling. “I mean—I dunno. Maybe?”
of it, but then Cas turns away to rummage through their files again, and Dean actually groans in frustration. He drags a hand across his face, exasperated, then lets it wander down his neck and across his chest, skating across his stomach.
safe and warm, exhilarating but… comforting, something like home.
Dean’s barely gotten back into it when he sees the that the fireplace is lit up and crackling. Cas fiddles with it for a minute before rising to his feet, sauntering over to Dean.
Dean had hoped that there were things he could safely explore with Cas, certain unconventional proclivities, new sides to himself that even he hasn’t fully delved into – thinking of the lacy pink panties shoved into the bottom of his sock drawer, next to the vibrator he hasn’t worked up the nerve to try, still in its discreet packaging. But it makes sense that this crosses a line, that Cas got a glimpse of Dean’s more secret desires, at who he
Dean’s bed is just as empty as he left it, but he figures it’s about time he gets used to it.
Dean can’t take much more of this.
But maybe he’s not coddling Dean or waiting for him to the one to push things forward. It’s not rejection, it’s not cluelessness – and it’s
. Cas makes an obscene noise when Dean shifts just so, starts up a steady stream of praise and encouragement under his breath as he always does,
On top of that, Castiel’s working on earning his
Cas sighs, and when Dean gets a closer look at his face, he actually appears sincere. "We're never going to build anything useful by ourselves."
Dean lets out an amused little chuckle, one that sounds hollow to his ears. He hopes Cas doesn’t pick up on that. “That’s one way to blow off steam, huh?” Dean says, attempting a cheeky grin. “Beats pumping iron, if you ask me.”
“Of course,” Cas says with surprising ferocity, the mirth gone from his face.
who Castiel is. Then Dean makes this soft, needy sound when Castiel leans into him more insistently, gives him the pressure of his thigh to rock against, and all of Castiel’s lofty notions about having more dignity than such beasts evaporate—because the jolt of desire that courses through him hearing Dean like that, the sinful images that flash in his mind, the urgency of the hunger that consumes him might not be entirely civilized either.
Dean surges into the kiss, but Cas makes no attempt to go beyond a tender press of his mouth against Dean’s. Dean huffs in frustration when Cas pulls away, irritated even as he starts to sweat when Cas fixes his attention on him again. He licks his lips because he knows Cas is watching.
Cas smiles softly and leans in again for a few more lingering kisses, then starts to work his way lower, mouth plush and stubble deliciously scratchy on Dean’s fluttering pulse. His lips graze one of Dean’s nipples, tongue flicking out, teeth bearing down in a sharp bite that leaves Dean gasping. Cas sucks fresh marks into the skin of Dean’s stomach, dipping further down. Dean’s going crazy just from Cas’s breath ghosting over his aching dick. When Cas drops a few feather-light kisses down the length of it, Dean loses whatever tenuous self-control he’s had up until now, and Cas’s powerful hands have to hold him down when he tries to buck into the heat of Cas’s mouth, hands fisted into the sheets. He doesn’t know if he’s not supposed to touch, but Cas said
This evening unfolds like so many others. As always, it’s perfect harmony that guides them to each other, to bed, the pale yellow light from a streetlamp streaming in through a gap in the curtains, the two of them unclothed, unhurried beneath the sheets, Dean spread out on a squeaky mattress, savoring the exquisite fullness of Cas inside him.
Dean nearly flinches at the question, the reminder of this whole ridiculous ruse, turning away to drop his stuff on the other bed. “’Bout four days now.” He does feel kind of bad about the deception, but hell, Cas has forgiven him for a lot worse, and vice versa.
Dean feels his face heat up, because leave it to Cas start a casual chat about kinks and then bring
“I’m thinking—” Dean hesitates again, but knowing that Cas will give him more if he plays along actually spurs him into doing it. “I’m thinking that’s so
Dean stays Cas’s hand, takes a moment to collect himself. There’s the suggestion of a smirk on Cas’s face, though it’s nothing but affectionate. He cups the back of Dean’s neck, urges him down and kisses his cheek, touching their foreheads together as Dean lines himself up.
about him – it’s like he sees right through Dean and by some goddamn miracle he wants more of what he finds there. Dean allows himself to stare back, to not shutter his expression and let his real feelings be exposed for once. Because he wants Cas too, and he isn’t just making space for him to physically get closer, he’s also permitting him room in his life. In his
“Looking a bit winded there, Cas,” he says with a teasing lilt, grin almost manic.
,” he says teasingly, borrowing some of Dean’s favored, cliché terminology.
,” he blurts out, too loud for their close proximity. If he had any hope of pretending the alcohol wasn’t getting to him, he’s just thrown that out the damn window. But he can’t be held fully responsible for his outburst, he reasons, because it’s one hundred percent goddamn true. Sure, the body Cas has ended up with is easy on the eyes – well-muscled shoulders, obscenely huge hands, a cut jaw with a killer five o’clock shadow – but Dean’s not sure he’d have looked twice at Jimmy Novak if they crossed paths in a bar. It’s got everything to do with the way Cas carries himself, that passion and attentiveness that he reserves only for Dean.
“It is,” Dean says, surprising himself with how confident he sounds. “I wanna try it. Do you?” he asks.
“Yeah,” Dean mutters on a shaky exhale, nodding in acquiescence, eyes slipping closed. He swears under his breath, then louder, chanting Castiel’s name between broken moans, pushing into Castiel’s firm grip.
Dean clears his throat. “These, uh,” Dean says, stopping again, meeting Castiel’s eyes even though it seems to be a struggle at the moment. “These aren’t the only thing I’ve got stashed in my sock drawer.”
Dean hardly sees Cas around the bunker at all the next day, and when they do cross paths it’s…
, chest heaving, a whimper irrepressible in his throat.
“Okay… good,” Dean says eventually, relaxing again. He didn’t realize how much he needed that reassurance until it was out there, satisfied that whatever’s going on in Cas’s head, it isn’t genuine insecurity or mistrust for Dean.
, it’s just…”
Cas hums. “Would it help if… If I asked you more? How you’re feeling, instead of trying to guess?”
“We should—in my, uh. In my bag. Inside pocket.”
He’s tired of looking on helplessly, dismayed as prime opportunities for Cas’s jealousy to be unleashed keep passing him by. And even though Dean’s not exactly great at being patient, he keeps reminding himself to sit tight for now. He’s still got it, okay? He’s charming and magnetic and eventually they’ll cross paths with someone who likes what they see and
“I’m going to get you some water, and you’re going to stay there until Sam gets here. I know what needs finishing through there, I’ll do it so you don’t have to. Just…” Castiel sighed. “I know you’re maybe itching to see what else you can do now, but try not to? Or if you’re going to do anything, just stick to what you’re already
“My apologies. I... I may have got carried away.” Now Dean laughed, and lifted Castiel's head to give him a chaste peck on the lips before pulling away again. Both sets of wings settled back in to relaxed positions as Dean linked their fingers together again, marvelling at how perfectly they seemed to lock in to place.
- ‘cause I have a damn strong feeling that I’m gonna need to do some warding.” Castiel nodded, hopping up on to the front seat as Dean opened the door, sliding in after the Familiar. The creak of the hinges as the door closed calmed Dean’s nerves some more; the rumble of the engine starting up chasing away the last of them as he relaxed into the seat, pulling out of the parking space and away just as the heavens decided to open up again.
“I damn well hope so - she isn’t gonna take you. You might not be stuck with me at the end of it, but you’ll have your freedom to do whatever you want afterwards.” Castiel moved from the doorway, settling down again by Dean’s feet as he looked down with an eyebrow cocked.
Castiel hadn't realised how much time had actually passed until he looked up, noticing the lack of sun in the sky and the dark of the motel room with only the neon sign for vacancies lighting it up. He also noticed a lack of Dean after turning the lamps on, a small amount of panic rising in his throat. He quickly sorted through memories, recalling him asking for an hour of peace and Dean sulking off into the bathroom after miserably agreeing to that time scale. Castiel laughed to himself as he noted that it had certainly been longer than an hour, opening the bathroom door quietly and gently pulling on the cord that would turn the light on. It flickered feebly, and Castiel noticed a scrunched up figure in the bottom of the shower cubicle.
“I'm glad it did, Dean. Though I'd very much like to keep kissing you now.” Dean laughed, and put up no fight as Castiel's lips met his again, still gentle and explorative.
“That’s what I thought. And Sam?” His attention snaps to the angel at the mention of his name, eyebrows raised in curiosity and feigned innocence.
“... Huh.” Sam turns away from the two of them, trying to give them more privacy in the vastness of the warehouse, taking in the emptiness and the quiet that now blankets the atmosphere. He squints at the door on the far wall, taking a few steps towards it before stopping and turning back.
“I’ve already taken enough from him, don’t you think? That can remain his, and his alone.” The tone of Castiel’s voice offers no room for argument, Dean nodding sheepishly before his gaze drops to the table. He just about hears the sigh come from the former angel, looking up again to find him staring deeply into his mug.
“Dude… Did you- Did you just
“This could hurt Dean. Are you sure about this?” A wave of his hand told Castiel all he needed to know before gently placing his hand on the soft feathers of Dean's wing, slowly reaching out with grace to try and see if there was any left from trying to revert the spell. Something small but bright curled around the grace Castiel had reached out with, similar to his but also vastly different. It pulled at him, daring him to search deeper and Castiel willingly followed it to determine what it wanted to show him. The small tendril dragged Castiel's grace along with it, gaining strength and size until it had reached what it wanted to show. Castiel gasped, recognising the mass as Dean's soul, still as bright as when it had pulled out of Hell but intertwined with grace, clung tight and filling in cracks that formed though that time in Hell. He retracted his grace, partially in shock and came back to himself as Dean took in a large lungful of air that told the angel he'd been holding his breath throughout the ordeal. He took several more deep breaths before turning to Castiel, inquisitive look on his face.
“I don’t know.” Castiel squeezed Dean’s hand again gently before turning to Sam.
"I apologise, Dean... I... They're very soft." Dean smiled lazily, looking at Castiel through hooded eyes that had a tiny glimmer of something else in there.
Castiel woke with a jerk, senses on high alert. Something wasn't right, and he couldn't put his finger on what it was. He looked down, ready to shake Dean awake only to find an empty spot where the hunter should have been lying. The deafening silence from the rest of the motel room spurned him in to getting out of bed, using his grace to dress and search for where the hunter could have gone. There were no signs in the bathroom, everything dry and unused as it had never been used. Castiel could feel the panic rising in his throat, noticing the hunter's duffel bag still on the floor by the foot of the bed adding to it. Even the keys to the Impala were resting on the table, untouched.
"Cas, wait. Could you, um... I got... Help?" Dean pointed to where the wings joined to his back, and Castiel looked confused.
“Cas - I promise you’re not gonna lose me, okay? You’ve got me.” Castiel yelps as Dean pulls him closer until their noses are almost touching, Castiel sprawled over Dean, unable to help the soft smile that seems to have made a permanent home on his face.
“I- Thank you, Dean. It’ll be nice being able to look forward to it.”
“It’ll come, in time.” Castiel clicks, the hob igniting as Dean shakes his head.
“Well… Sam helped. I think Eileen did most of it, I just carried it.”
“I want to take you now, Dean.” Dean nodded feebly, adjusting himself again so Castiel could line up with ease. The push of his cock against his stretched hole ignited the nerve endings again, and Castiel used all his self restraint not to slam home there and then. He slowly pushed in, giving Dean time to adjust before bottoming out, giving the hunter more time to adjust to the stretch. Castiel's wings stretched out in pleasure before coming back around to wrap around Dean, the sensation of them touching the other man's wings enough to spur him in to movement. The slow roll of hips caused more moans from the hunter as he pushed down to meet Castiel's movements, Castiel's hands finding their home on Dean's sides as the speed began to pick up. Dean's hands wound their way around the back of Castiel's neck, stroking along the top of his wing as the speed picked up more and more.
"Yeah, no shit. Imagine my surprise when I find out I might as well be a fuckin'
“For?”
of my charm.”
“Yes - you can give me my...
“Maybe you’ll allow yourself the same luxury, Dean?” Dean stops briefly, the bacon in the pan offering the only sound in the room as the whisk stills in the bowl; the drop of Dean’s shoulders not going unnoticed by Castiel. “I- Seeing you so happy and carefree, without the weight on your shoulders… Just being able to feel that happiness is elating.” The whisk slowly starts up again, and Castiel can feel the thoughts spinning around Dean’s head at a million miles an hour. He flips the bacon over again, taking it off the heat with a knowing smile as Dean’s thoughts slow down, turning to meet the Empath head on.
“... Huh.”
“You sure this is gonna work, Cas?” He looks up at the hunter, gears in his head turning as he fits the final pieces of the plan in to place.
“How?” Dean whips his head around from the Impala, wings flaring in mild irritation. He pales as he sees the grin that Sam is struggling to keep off his face, looking towards Castiel for support but met only with a shrug.
“I... Um... Thanks, Cas. For everything.” He looked straight into Castiel's eyes, the blue drawing him in. “I mean it. Thank you.” Castiel felt a small heat in his cheeks and gave the hunter a small smile.
Come shout at me on
much energy to burn off. Fuck.” Castiel laughs again as he adjusts his position, resting his head on Dean’s chest to keep an ear on just how fast his heart is beating after the impromptu sprint.
What the hell?”
“... Dammit.” Dean shook his head, letting it work into a full body shiver before opening his eyes to look at Castiel. “Okay. I guess it’s now or never.” Castiel nodded, opening his wings out and giving Dean a brief smile before turning his attention to the sky. Dean couldn’t help but stare at the way the sun reflected blue and green hues from the black depths of Castiel’s wings, any fear he still had about flying melting away as he watched them easily lift the angel and himself off the ground. His own wings twitched as they felt air passing through his feathers; one experimental flap was shortly followed by another, helping Castiel get higher until he felt they were high enough for the time being.
“Dean, I -” Dean kissed Castiel, cutting off whatever he was about to say before resting their foreheads together, breathing getting more erratic to match the movements of their wings.
“Yeah.”
“Honestly, that couldn’t be more perfect. Now pull the damn car over!” Sam shrugs as he pulls the Impala over to the side of the road, grimacing at the way it dips in and out of a ditch he hadn’t seen, waiting for the complaint about being careless yet confused further when it doesn’t come.
The scream grabbed Castiel’s attention first, head whipping around in the direction it had come from just in time to see the light die down. Sam looked up just after, slowly removing his hands from his ears and straightening up as Castiel began to march towards the source. It was peppered with jogs, turning in to a full on sprint as they rounded the corner to the corridor the scream had come from. Sam slid to a halt as Castiel threw open door after door, cautiously following as one in particular caught his attention. He motioned for the angel to step aside, moving forward with his gun trained ahead as he slowly opened the door. The burnt-out corpse of a woman made it slightly more difficult to open, with just about enough room for Sam to step in before closing the door again behind him.
“You are gonna be the death of me, Cas, damn...” Dean propped himself up on his elbows, taking in the sight of the angel draped over him, wings spread, cock hard and begging for attention. His own cock twitched at the sight, drawing Castiel's attention.
” The words are barely anything more than gasps; Castiel chuckling in Dean’s ear as he rolls his hips with more force against the hunter. He doesn’t remember when he took hold of Dean’s wrists, pinning him down further than just having the angel’s weight on top of him, dropping his head again to place more open mouthed kisses along the nape of his neck as Dean whines again. The hunter is barely anything more than a writhing mess underneath Castiel at this point, pressing back against the angel as best as he can with the limited movement he currently has. The whines only increase as Castiel pulls away slightly, just enough that the friction Dean gains from moving comes from the dry humping against the mattress and not the feeling of the angel and his length pressed against him.
“... How bad is it?”
“Shit, Cas… Loophole woman-”
“Would you rather I counted down?”
manage that, correct?" Castiel nodded eagerly as he moved to shift back, stopping when Naomi's hand gripped his jaw. "Don't disappoint me again, dog." She pulled her hand away roughly, again looking in disgust at the broken mug before leaving Castiel alone with a slam of the door. He let out the breath he didn’t realise he had been holding as he sank back to the floor trembling. Shifting back now required far too much emotional energy that had been sapped from him, he just hoped he could gain enough to meet what had been demanded of him in time. His head hurt from where he had been struck, and his leg hurt from the way he had landed, which was going to make shifting even more difficult. He sighed, resigning himself to the fact that things needed to be done before taking a deep breath in, mustering whatever energy he had left to make the transition back from dog to man. The shift was painful, but Castiel had expected that. He hadn't anticipated gasping for breath though, falling back to the floor, putting his hand squarely in the ceramic shards that had earned him further beating. He hissed as he gently pulled a smaller piece out of his palm, debating just turning the mug to dust for the problems it had caused him. Instead he sighed in resignation, waving his good hand over it and repairing it. It may only have been a mug, but if it wasn't replaced or repaired then Naomi would notice, and Castiel had had enough beatings for one day.
“Which part would that be?” Dean hesitated for a second before finding the courage to get the words out.
Another small patch of flowers sprang up as a dark blush crossed Dean’s cheeks; another amused huff working its way from Castiel as he watched the way they opened themselves up for the sun, almost twinkling in the way the light reflected off them.
He takes a deep breath, letting it out slowly and carefully before continuing.
“... You’re a sap you know.” Castiel shrugged, smile on his face.
“Why would I be upset? Dude, this makes me a witch! Sort of. But still!”
"Okay - what the hell was that?" Castiel looked at his feet.
“Better now. So much better now.” A small smile sat on Castiel’s face as their wings drifted closer together, stopping only as Sam cleared his throat.
“Oh, honey... I wouldn't move too much if I were you. We don't want you damaging those pretty wings of yours, do we now?” Dean looked to his left, wing completely spread out and nailed down so he couldn't move it even if he wanted to. He looked quickly to his right, the same image meeting him, the phantom pain he couldn't pin down he now realised was whatever his captors was using to keep his wings in place.
“Someone has taken Dean. I need your help getting him back.”
“Wait, wait, wait...” Sam dragged his hand down his face, trying to take in what Castiel had told him. “You're trying to tell me that Dean has
The night passed as the others had done, slowly and with little progress made on Castiel's part. The still human part of Dean allowed him to sleep without interrupting, and Castiel was at least thankful for that. A fully angelic Dean was something he didn't want to deal with, as they didn't sleep and the research probably would have come to a halt. Castiel had found himself also sleeping, hours upon hours of fruitless research taking their toll on his vessel even though the angel within was unaffected.
