Steve makes Tony sit on the bed. He slips Tony’s socks on his feet, then ties up his shoes. When he’s done, while he’s still kneeling on the ground, he rests a hand on Tony’s knee and smiles. He kisses it, where it becomes Tony’s thigh. Tony feels it through his pants.
Tony keeps his repulsors aimed at Steve even though Steve raises one hand in a placating gesture of surrender, keeps the other one pressed to his shoulder where he was hit, blood soaking through his henley.
Steve is in his room, gathering the last of his clothes. He hasn’t slept here in months, but moving all his stuff to the penthouse has been a slow process, even though he doesn’t even own that much stuff.
He sits on the bed while he waits for Steve to be done in the bathroom, and thinks about the day, about Steve’s recounting of what happened.
“Tony,” Steve gets up from the floor and walks closer to Tony, takes his hands in his. Tony is numb and pliant, Steve could pick him up and place him over his shoulder with minimal resistance. Not the right mental image for the moment, but you get what your brain gives you. “I meant to say. I’m in love with you. I have been for a long time, actually. Maybe even before that first time in the gym.”
His mouth, so tight around Tony’s erection. His eagerness making up for the lack of finesse in his technique, making Tony forget all his own insecurities.
He dresses quickly, and slides on the bed next to Tony, stares at the curve of his shoulders like it’s a closed door.
Tony wraps a towel around his hips while he checks on her. She looks at him with her big eyes for a moment, then falls asleep.
Looks like these conversations happen pretty often. Tony needs reassurance that the people he loves are safe.
They explore each other, look and taste and get used to each other. There’s Steve’s sweetness, his kindness and sense of fairness, his pride, his sense of justice, his selflessness. There’s the love he has for his friends—the flowery scent of Thor’s hair, Natasha’s broken smile, Sam’s laugh—and there’s his duty to humanity at large, then his ability to fight, to learn, to improvise and strategize. There’s his past, the puncture of loss, bittersweet memories that he lets Tony see and touch. Red lipstick and wool, a brother with dark hair and blue eyes and a smile that never quite reaches them, a group of friends sharing jokes and a stiff drink between unfamiliar trees, a tired woman with blond hair just like Steve’s. Tony recognizes them. There’s the fear of war, the cold, the darkness. Then, there’s a part of Steve that doesn’t quite respond like everything else. It feels hard and unmoving, and it’s pushing Tony away. He’s confused at the discovery but he doesn’t dwell on it. Maybe it’s the years Steve spent in the ice.
“The rut is going to turn violent pretty soon, Tony,” Nat says with her kindest voice. “If you want to speak to him, you should probably do it now.”
“I’m sorry. It’s not an excuse, but so many things happened in those few days… I was… I don’t know, confused. Scared. I didn’t want to lose anything, anyone. And then I lost everything…” Softer, then, in a whisper, “I lost... I lost you.”
Steve moves quickly, coats his fingers with lube, reaches down Tony’s body, smears lube between Tony’s cheeks and massages the puckered skin there before pushing one finger in. He looks at Tony’s face: his eyes are shut and his mouth closed tight, he’s holding his breath and has gone very stiff.
Tony stares at the fair skin of Steve’s hands. It looks pearly white under the harsh neon light of the kitchen, the blond hair covering his wrists gleaming with it.
God, he misses him already. It’s never been such an issue, staying apart, but in the past few months they’ve spent some time together almost every day. It feels weird that Rhodey isn’t here with him. That he’s not going to see him for a few weeks.
Tony frees himself of the helmet and Steve brushes his lips against his and tells him that it’s okay. That it’s fine and he understands. That he doesn’t have to do it; that it was a bad idea to begin with. That he’d do it for him, if Tony wants him to.
Steve lifts his hands, as if to hug Tony, but he stops himself as soon as he realizes what he’s doing. Tony’s first instinct is to step back, and he does, but then he looks at Steve’s face, at his hesitant smile, and slowly slides between his arms, presses his chest (slightly to the side, so Steve doesn’t feel—) to Steve’s.
Steve’s hands close around Tony’s waist in a vise, seemingly out of Steve’s own volition. He sweeps his palms up, caressing Tony’s back, pushes his face to Tony’s chest and inhales for minutes, years, centuries.
, the way it seems to echo in the empty gym at night, how sincere it sounds despite everything—it gives a twinge to Tony’s chest that forces him to take his eyes off of Steve’s. Sometimes, when this happens, Tony feels as though there’s not enough skin to cover the hole above his heart. He fears the scars are stretching at the seams, that the skin grafts are melting off of him. He fears that the same pain he felt waking up in the cave is waiting for him in his near future, instead of being just a thing of the past.
“Steve, from what I can see… Tony loves you. Truly. He can forgive you if he wants, but he’s still in a lot of pain.”
Steve moans softly, caught, for just a moment, in that weird place between still being asleep and waking up.
He looks at Tony, and horror fills him up to the bone. He feels like he’s moving through something thick—like honey, like tar—that forces him to fight every inch of the way. Every step is a conquest. Every breath is a war.
“Tony,” he says, and he feels dizzy, touching Tony’s face like he’s done countless times, but this time it feels like the first, like the only real one, the one that truly counts.
Steve chokes on the words, his voice cracks, he squeezes his eyes shut and grits his teeth but it’s too late, it’s too damn late—a tear rolls down his face, gets lost in his beard. A couple more follow.
“We can’t stay long,” Steve is telling Stella, “We have a fundraiser for my charity next week in New York.”
“You were made for me, Tony. And I was made for you. You, and only you. No one else. Since the moment I met you, I knew I was yours. Forever.”
Steve’s instinct keeps kicking in. He hasn’t felt it this sharply since before Sarah was born. The need to make it all better for Tony, to feel him as part of himself.
He touches the bond in his mind and he feels all of Steve’s anguish. He showers him with love to encourage him to talk.
“You’re mine,” Steve hears himself say, choking on the words. Bracing himself on one arm, he reaches to stroke Tony’s hair, “It’s real. I’ve wanted you for so long and— You’re finally mine.”
No bite the first time you have sex with someone means no bond with that person. It’s not like that for everyone, times have changed a bit, but for most people it still works like that, and for sure it does for Steve, no doubt. It’s romantic, in a way. They say that when you find the right mate, you just
Tony feels the knot grow inside him to full girth, effectively locking Steve inside him, and he whimpers one more time. He had forgotten Steve was so huge, especially when he’s like this.
“Yeah. Yeah, sunshine, I’m okay with it. More than okay, you understand? I’m not gonna let you die.”
Steve, here (today, here), right in front of Tony, worried, because Tony has suddenly stopped walking and closed his eyes and they’re in the middle of the walkway.
“Tony—” Steve tries to interrupt him, to get him to talk, to put an obstacle between Tony and his isolation, but he doesn’t know how to do it except by force and frustration. He doesn’t know how to be gentle about this.
Steve leans forward on the chair, rests his elbows on his thighs. Tony looks at the endless expanse of his back and knows exactly how warm it would be to the touch.
Steve loving him. Being in love with him. Tony letting go of his anger, his disappointment. Steve’s promises being kept. The Avengers, together again, taking care of the alien threat that makes Tony’s knees buckle. Tony overcoming his own guilt.
Steve wipes the tears away from his cheeks, trying to get a hold on himself. He walks around the room, and seeing Tony’s things now grounds him and destroys him at the same time. Tony’s clothes, still in their closet. His toothbrush in the bathroom, next to Steve’s. His shampoo still sitting on the shower shelf. No one will ever finish it now, and Steve isn’t going to throw the bottle away any time soon.
It’s not exactly pleasurable to him, not in the way it is for Steve. It’s not like being fucked, but there’s an aspect to it—the intimacy, the trust, the conviction it takes to be willing to do something so tiring and risky and potentially painful—that makes it seem as though it’s more than what it is.
“I think you’re very sorry, yes. I think you wish things played out differently. But I think that in the end you still believe it was worth it. Because Barnes is safe, and that’s... that’s all that matters to you.”
The shape of Tony’s body against the moonlight coming in through the French window destroys something inside Steve; it’s heartbreaking and exquisite, terrifying and wonderful. An explosion, the controlled demolition of an abandoned building. It collapses on itself and brings an uncanny satisfaction with it.
But here, now. His body knows he can get all the food he wants and there’s no war to fight, so his stomach keeps making angry noises of protest. And everything tastes
Steve looks at him; his eyes wander from Tony’s face down to his chest, his stomach. “Alright,” he says. He picks up some clothes and shuts the bathroom door softly, but it feels like repressed anger, squashed hope, a need left unsatisfied.
“Let me,” Steve says, taking the washcloth from Tony’s hands, in a tone that is as gentle as it is firm.
For a moment, everything inside him shines so bright that it feels otherworldly. A nuclear explosion in the viscera of the universe.
Tony turns to look at Steve, just in time to see a tear slip from the inner corner of his eye, down across his nose. Steve lowers his head to his chest.
He closes his eyes and tilts his head backward, mouth open around a shout that could be Steve’s name. He comes in thick spurts of white that hit Steve’s chest and slowly roll down to his stomach.
And fuck Howard Stark, and everything he was and wasn’t, and everything he did and didn’t do for Tony and Mom,
He spreads Tony’s legs more, and his finger sinks further into him with the motion. Tony’s got his eyes half-closed and his lips parted, and he looks like everything Steve has ever wanted.
He thinks about what happened today, about what Spider-Man told him. That this is an alternative reality for him, a future born out of some mistake Peter made while messing with his own past. Apparently Osborn isn’t supposed to be ruling the States, and Tony isn’t supposed to be dead.
Tony takes a blanket from the closet and spreads it over the unused side of the bed. Steve waits for Tony to slide back into bed, then follows him.
He keeps feeling sudden little jabs of panic when he realizes he isn’t wearing the undershirt, then remembers that it’s fine, Steve knows now. He can still feel Steve’s fingers tracing the scar over his t-shirt.
“I’m gonna reach back into my bag and take my sketchbook, is that alright?” Steve asks quietly, every word enunciated clearly and slowly.
“We’re going skinny-dipping!” Tony says, as if he’s a kid, excited and serene and without a single care in the whole world. “Come on,” he says again, tugging at Steve’s cardigan.
His eyes are shut. He’s clenching his jaw so hard he’s stopped breathing, and he’s starting to get red in the face with it. His mouth is closed as if to keep something in. His arms are now relaxed, thrown to the back of his head, hands in loose fists.
Pavlok tossed a peevish glance in the direction of his secretary as he ushered Tony inside his cramped office, but the young woman didn’t look at all bothered by her employer’s displeasure. Tony heard her call out that Herr Gerber was there to fix the plumbing and bit back a snicker as Pavlok stuck his head out the door again and hollered back.
Perhaps then, it was indifference itself that he had grown so weary of. He’d been weaned on it and he may very well die by it but he’d be damned if he accepted it without protest; especially from children (these ones in particular).
Steve threw the sketch aside lunging to his feet. He had to shut the door on things like that, couldn’t afford to think on them here. He had to keep them out. Focus.
It was breaking Tony’s heart. But Stefen, if he felt anything at all kept his feeling wrapped away. At that moment hurried footsteps came again and Julia appeared in the doorway, looking tense and slightly out of breath.
Was it a masterful piece of music? No, but the sound of their laughter and their voices raised high without fear or trepidation; Tony thought that was a beautiful sound indeed.
Steve turned his head a fraction toward Stark, every last muscle in his body overstrained and exhausted. Stark was glaring at him coldly and Steve glared right back.
Either Dr. Erskine was a complete quack or Rogers did not want his children leaving home and was willing to diagnose them with every feasible ailment possible in order to achieve that purpose.
He was happy to sit back and watch as Tony took the children down to the water and let them try out their steam boats.
“They accepted the risks. A chance at freedom is better than none.” Wolfe snapped back, brow furrowing as he took in what Tony was doing. “What is that?”
“I would hardly expect an ignorant Pole like your father to be an expert on the subject,” Hammer sneered in reply with a disdainful sniff and Cameron grit his teeth but ducked his dark head and stuffed his mouth full of bread rather than risk saying something he’d regret. Smart boy, Tony thought.
His cheek and lip were bleeding, and even through the ripped collar of his shirt Bucky could see the blossoming brussies on his chest. A dim part in the back of his mind wondered who’d beat Stevie up this time and where Bucky could find them. Nothing had changed, and that was the worst part because of course everything had.
Steve didn’t remember Bucky and Tony walking him to his room, or putting him to bed. But the next time he woke he was there, a warm wash cloth gently soothing the tension in his brow to combat headache.  He thought for a moment that it was Tony, before the soft scent of perfume trickled his nose.
There was a lot of Margrit in her. Enough that she’d have no problem becoming a fine (proper) young woman and make a good match one day. But there was a lot of Steve in her too.
Tony did not get the opportunity to question Steve over dinner like he'd hoped, nor to find out anything further about their visitors because the whole night just seemed to be proceeding strangely. Pepper served them an uninspired if filling dinner of cold cuts and informed Bakhuizen - much to the children's disappointment - that his guests had chosen to eat in their room due to exhaustion from their long travels.
“A pair of zealous idiots who threw away their lives for love?” Tony sneered and Stefen laughed. “Just about everything.”
Steve looked like someone had punched him and as much as that was viciously satisfying there was still a part of Bucky that felt like a bastard for saying it. Cursing, he lunged out of his seat, breathing hard as he paced the terrace. Stopping abruptly to lean against the railing Bucky paused to catch his breath, the silence thick between them.
The subject of the letter, the girl who had written it, and the X-Men was thankfully set aside and forgotten. By the time they’d finished their coffee and cake the boys were back to laughing and sharing old stories from their childhood. Eventually Gwen needed to head back toward town and Bobby to escort her. Harry invited Péter to come along with him and to spend the weekend.
Tony didn’t have an answer for that, so he didn’t offer one holding out his hand wordlessly for the parcel Stefen still held. Stefan didn't move, waiting for Tony's answer.
“Bucky please,” he implored, searching his friends face for any sign of relent. He didn’t expect Bucky to understand, but he need his support just the same. He couldn’t do this without him.
There was a sizeable crowd out and about in the town center. It was one of the few towns for miles with a rail stop and the afternoon train headed to the outer provinces was due to arrive on the hour. Even so, the main street wasn't nearly as Salzburg would have been at this hour. Their trail of cars parked outside a row of quaint shops and a cafe that released a sweet-smelling cloud every time the door was opened. Deiter accompanied the Baroness inside the cafe to procure the children a late lunch while the captain and the rest of the entourage waited in watch on the street.
They’d remark on how beautiful she’d been and they’d lament all the things she could have become if not for this unfortunate time to be born. What a pity. What a shame.
“With you as a teacher Stark I’m sure she’ll manage both,” he turned slightly, leaning close to Tony to murmur. He could see the amusement glinting in his eyes even in the dark.
While it would have been easy to assume that Pepper was merely covering for him and that there was nothing deeper to it, Tony had never been one to make things easy on himself. He hadn’t thought he’d make a good spy but as the good Alice said, things were just getting curiouser and curriouser.
There was something about being with Tony that made Steve feel at ease, even in a pit of snakes like the ones crowding Hermann Göring’s famed gallery that evening. It was the natural choice Steve supposed for a party in honor of a lauded historian and archeologist, but Göring never let an opportunity to show off his collection go by so some of the shine was lost in his opinion.
But fate was funny. Bucky had lost Lara and Peggy had come along, and she'd paused when other women had kept walking, willing to see beyond Steve’s shortcomings to the man beneath…
“Boss!” There was a crash somewhere and then Steve was staring up at Harold from the floor, his head pounding in time with his ricocheting heart. His gut twisted violently like his insides were trying to come out. Everything inside him was going to come out, he thought with growing terror as the painful twisting worsened.
Péter's face was turning red, he looked down at his feet but when he shook his head it was with conviction.
He was watching as the lone woman hurried down the dock, passing quickly under the lamps as she walked, doing her best to keep to the shadows. Most of the crew except for a skeleton shift would have taken advantage of the brief shore leave granted from being in port, seeking warm meals and warmer beds.
“It is an impressive invention, but I can’t permit either of you to use it. In fact I think it’s best if both of you refrain from going up there at all in the future.” Stefen began. Péter breathed a sound of protest but it was quickly quelled by the steeling of his father’s expression. “It could lead people to a very dangerous conclusion. No one is to go up there and none of you are to mention any knowledge of it. Understood?”
"The telephone was ringing in your study, Captain.” She revealed anxiously. “I hope you don't mind, I just thought with everything going on it might be important."
He would know wouldn’t he? A manic burst of laughter bubbled up and bursting out of Tony. Sieger cast him an alarmed look and edged away from him. Tony reached for another apple slice and crunched down on it, giving himself something else (anything else) to focus on.
Ian felt his cheeks flush with embarrassment, and he had the distant urge to stick his tongue out at her back, but that was childish and Da really needed him to be a man right now.
“I don’t think I have the energy today for ice skating. But we could try our hand at snowmen?” He suggested the first alternative that came to his mind and Tony’s eyes lit up. Steve breathed a breath of relief.
They’d finally found what they were looking for in a leather-bound portfolio lodged between two books on poisonous flora and their various treatments. Tony snagged the whole pile, not because he believed that metal poisoning could be treated the same way as consuming deadly nightshade – but because he was not above admitting that he was out of his depth, and not about to take chances that the books might not contain something helpful later.
“You fight for one emperor you fight for another.” Tony shrugged. He wouldn’t let on that Nik’s predictions unsettled him in any way. Who was Captain Rogers to him, accept another German? Austrian or German it was all the same since Anschluss. And Rogers whether he was a saint or a sinner was one man in a world gone to the dogs and he’d undoubtedly do what all the rest were doing.  Click his heels and fall into line like a good German boy; meanwhile Tony would bend his knees and say his prayers like a good German monk and if the S.S. ever came knocking he’d wave the expensively purchased papers that declared his greatest fault was a hopelessly Italian mother, but not a drop of Jewish blood.
"And here she is! I was wondering when we’d see you. But you need a partner don’t you?" Joshua asked. Natacha looked back at the circle of girls she'd left, all of whom looked appalled at the idea of stepping forward now that everybody was watching their little drama unfold so avidly.
The sound of quiet laughter drew his eye down to the other end of the table where Tony had scooted his chair close to Sara's and was helping her cut her food. His gestures were bright and expressive as he spoke to her, babbling about something to do with machines and washing and a need to invent something that could keep up with messy children.
“Of course he does. The General left him little choice but to agree to it.” Stark replied and Bucky’s stomach went cold. That was it then. They’d known it would be, but it was really sinking in now. No more keeping the kids out of it. But that was Schmidt’s whole point wasn’t it. He didn’t give a rat’s ass about actually hearing them sing.
“Your Da’s not going to always be there. I’m not always going to be there. Do you understand me? One day you might be alone with someone who wants to hurt you, or your brothers and sisters,” he warned lowly, his voice nearly becoming a snarl as he spoke.
, he wants to ask; he wants to beg Steve to never leave him alone again, just like Steve did earlier to him.
“I couldn’t keep my eyes open until a few days ago,” Tony says, bitter, “and now look at me. Be careful what you wish for,” he finishes, sardonic, giving Steve a long, meaningful look, because maybe Tony isn’t just talking about his sleep here.
Tony is so stunned he can’t even find a way to get mad at him, not when Steve shifts Tony’s body so he can part his cheek to look at his ass, to caress it with the flat of his hand and play with the coarse hair there. There’s an obscene sound when Steve spits on Tony’s hole, when he nudges at it with his fingers, pushing his saliva in and mixing it with Tony’s slick.
Tony is interrupted by Steve’s tongue plunging into his mouth, by Steve’s body pressing him into the padded floor. Steve trembles just before he fucks into Tony so hard that it plays with painful, and when he’s able to speak again Tony moans, loud, “Yeah. Yeah, just like that,” because Steve’s pace is still slow but that’s okay now, it’s okay when it takes entire seconds for Tony to recover from each thrust. Steve sits up and kneels, taking Tony’s hips and lifting them onto his lap to change the angle.
The man was still breathing but his pulse was faint. Steve pushed aside his trench coat to reveal a night robe underneath. They all must have run from their beds. Or been dragged from them.
“Loki is right, Thor.” Siv interjected before the golden haired prince could object, and though his expression reminded Steve of James at his most petulant, Thor headed to her. They seemed to share a wordless conversation through looks for a moment before Siv nodded and looked back at Steve.
His father’s nod was barley there but Ian sighed a breath of relief he'd not known he'd been holding.
He could feel it, the cold biting at his skin, the water sucking at him while he struggled to hold onto a struggling body – Artur wailing for help as his head disappeared below the water.
She didn't answer, her eyes searching his for god only knew what. Perhaps a better man. Maybe just anything but an old broken soldier at his wits end. It was clear she didn’t find him as she mutely nodded her understanding.  Steve could have warned her it was pointless to look.
He said it slowly, as if he expected Ian to pick up on something and Ian looked anxiously between the man and his wife. He
"NoTony!" She cried adamant, shoving his hands away with a fierce scowl that broke into a bright bubbling giggle just before she set off again. Tony shot Steve an exasperated look over his shoulder and mouthed the word stubborn with emphasis, and Charlotte tried to cover her grin with one mink glove and Steve laughed openly.
Pepper chuckled into her napkin and Tony glanced at her, ready to counter her criticism but the woman was looking fondly down at Maria. Though she hastily schooled her features when Maria looked up at her with large brown eyes.
Bucky stared hard at the man. He wasn’t Steve. He didn’t play nice or bother with pleasantries or war games. He hadn’t forgotten what they’d done in the mountains. They'd buried more than one Italian in the snow.
Problem was, these past few months he’d looked under the lid, and he was finding it harder than he’d ever imagined it could be to close it again.
The chain released, Steve stepped forward on shaking legs, praying they’d hold him as his muscles cramped and protested every movement. He paused for a moment, pulling his face into some approximation of a smile, glad that the fear making the blood throb in his ears could only be heard by him.
“You were not expected, but luck is on your side.” he said as he waved them into the room closet to the kitchen doors, behind which Steve could hear the muffled voices of women and the clanging of pans. There were three empty beds, and the two others were occupied by the brothers they had sailed with. The pair acknowledged them with tired smiles.
“Yes!” the captain loomed over him, crowding further into Tony’s space, but if he expected Tony to cower from the sheer size of him or the darkness of his expression alone, well then he didn’t know Tony Stark. “Following the orders I give you!”
“James...” but James shuffled away from the door and got up to run to the window, purposefully turning his back to Tony and the others. But not before muttering loud enough for them all to hear, "A stupid latch isn’t going to help."
And all of their eyes followed him and charlotte, slithered over his children, gazes peeling back the layers of lies Steve had built up for defense. His family wasn’t safe, and that more than anything made it harder and harder to head his own continuous demand to just breathe.
Steve could have been made of stone for how tightly he held himself. He did not like apologizing and tried to avoid doing things he felt would warrant one.
“French,” she interjected with a gleam almost like lust in her eyes. It was the most enthusiastic he'd ever seen her be so of course he couldn’t resist teasing her.
Stefen’s voice wobbled and Tony’s eyes pricked with tears. He could see that Stefen’s gaze was far away now, not on any one individual in the crowd but somewhere in the past.
Hannie Schaft, known as the "girl with the red hair" became an icon of dutch resistance, but sadly was caught by gestapo when an officer at a checkpoint happened to noticed the red roots of her hair. She was executed three weeks before the war ended. It is widely rumored that the first bullet didn't kill her and her last words were, "I shoot better than that."
They sang of battles won and loves found amongst the eildwess, of mountains and field and pride in their homes, of starry night skies and promises of loves that would last forever.
“Torture wastes time, recourses, and it has failed before,” he rebutted and the agent’s lips curled in a snarl, his eyes going hot with hatred as he stared into Tony.
She took her empty plate to the sink before leaving the kitchen, stepping past him and Tony without so much as a glance. He expected her to retreat back upstairs but she continued through the living room and towards the door.
“It’s good for them to sleep in their own beds again.” Tony said from behind him, and Steve turned away from the empty music room – the mattresses and sleeping bags they’d been using for beds since the night of the riot glaringly absent – and turned to glare at the monk, jaw ticking.
He replaced the book, confident of his ability to remember all that he’d read within it and continued his search. Within the drawer he also found travel papers for all the children, and an odd assortment of coded letters that a quick glance confirmed matched the codebook Stefen had given him to decode Freddie’s broadcasts from the Castle. He didn’t want to risk removing them and their contents getting into the wrong hands, so Tony read carefully through each, committing them to memory with shaking hands.
"Don't worry," Péter knocked shoulders with her, smiling bravely despite the tremble they both heard in his voice. "Tony will figure out what's wrong and he'll fix him. You'll see."
Steve and Tony spent the afternoon carefully drafting a reply, knowing that communication would be excruciatingly slow and that they may not have many more chances to speak this way before this avenue closed to them.
He kept one hand clenching Tony’s shirt even as the rest of him went limp, meekly accepting his sister’s and brother’s hands rubbing the warm water into his skin.
Steve couldn’t help but glance at Tony in the rearview, but Tony was no longer looking at him at all. He was staring out the window with an emotionless expression that made Steve’s gut churn. It was the first time all night that Steve thought Tony looked distant from everyone else, like his body was present but his spirit had already begun to wander someplace else. If Tony were Rom, Steve’s mother would have said in that knowing way she had,
Then he turned and walked out of Tony’s life for what felt like the last time, disappearing into the crowd as the train whistle filled the station.
Heart thumping, Tony flipped through the pages as more and more familiar names jumped out at him among the soup of the unfamiliar. Patrick and Mary Tuck, Janneeke VanDyne, Susann Richter, Robert McCabe.
Tony had expected the younger ones to be lacking and there had been no surprises there. Sara was still perfecting regular motor skills after all. Ian and James had seemed eager enough at the idea when it had initially been voiced so Tony had assumed that James had stayed on shore in order to replace his uncle's shadow.
Captain Adventure. But why on earth would Stefen be drawing for some trashy dime magazine? It didn’t make- Oh.
Tony realized immediately the magnitude of what was happening, if not the full meaning behind what was being said. This was about the resistance effort. More specifically the rescue attempt that was under way for Wanda and Pietro’s father and Susann’s husband. Stefen had promised not to leave him in the dark, but still Tony had not expected this level of transparency. His heart was thudding hard within his chest with a dizzy thrill of anticipation that was at complete odds with the sense of dread hanging over the room.
"We left Sara's bear. She can't sleep without it." the boy said and the baroness twisted around in her seat, her pretty mouth turning down in a sympathetic frown. "Darling I'm sure it's in her trunk. We'll get out and look as soon as we've settled," she said, but the boy adamantly shook his head.
Natacha slowly got to her feet, and the two had a silent battle of wills with their eyes. Finally, her brother relented. He left, but not before assuring her (and warning his father) that he’d be right outside the door.
Steve could not shake the feeling of unease that had plagued him all morning.  Something was coming. He was certain of it, though he was not sure from what direction. He had not survived this long as a soldier by ignoring his instincts.  He dropped Tony and the children off at the Festival hall in the city, so that they could have their practice with Nigel and argued quietly once more with Tony about the wisdom of allowing the children to perform in the winter concert.
“I’m sure you’ll manage.” Virginia smiled so sweetly at him it was just shy of insulting and Bucky grinned wildly at Steve as Virginia turned towards him with a business like air.
“I suppose so,” he agreed after a moment, calculation practically coming off him in waves. And something else as well. Something far more open and vulnerable.
He could hear the low drum of chatter from the other occupants of the room getting increasingly louder and louder in his ear drums and his eyes frantically scanned the large room for an escape – there! A door cracked open door to a small study. He made a b-line for an empty room.
He had a small jar in his hands which released a pungent chemical odor when he jerked the top off. Ian wrinkled his nose.
“Are you quite sure?” Tony asked quietly. “Last year there was a world of difference and for almost one hundred and fifty years before that. But our beloved Führer put an end to all of the ways in which, for a century or more, a group of people who built their own society before his very existence were learning incorrectly. This one man. He must have keen passion for education.”
He'd learned from Bruce and Fynn (which turned out to be the freckle faced novice's name) that the Warden was personally leading the search for the escaped criminals and their comrades and he was in high dudgeon about it. Banner had pleaded ignorance of any ‘terrorist’ plot, claiming to only have realized that the Cardinal was not who he said he was when he and the other brothers had been ushered into the truck and the chase had ensued. There had been armed men in the truck. Four or five. Faces covered. Bruce and the other frightened clergymen had been dumped from the truck by the rebels not long after they'd left the prison. No one had any idea what had become of them. The three had set out on foot and made their way to the abbey, grateful to have survived the experience.
“Natacha? What are you doing back so soon?” Tony asked, as confused by her sudden appearance as he was grateful for it. Natacha didn't immediately answer him, staring between the two of them with suspicion.
“A ball?” Steve sputtered. He vaguely remembered receiving an invitation to such an event, but he’d thrown it away as the expense had been ridiculous and he’d do a lot for this charade but he drew the line at balls. Bucky hummed in affirmation and Steve stared at him aghast.
Though Tony did not reply to his knock Péter slowly opened the door, his brown head of hair poking inside before he cautiously crossed the threshold. He paused in the doorway, his eyes catching on a spot on the wall near the window where the remnants of a broken bottle lay scattered beneath a large creeping stain.
“Cool, huh? 16th century,” Tony says, “this is the source of the thermal water. There’s a subterranean aquifer here. Volcanic, in origin.”
Steve pushes Tony down on his knees, without asking, without caring. He unzips his pants and takes his hard cock out of his underwear, keeps Tony’s head still with a hand in his hair, and then thrusts past Tony’s already parted lips without even thinking.
Steve presses his nose in Sarah’s hair, and Tony watches him and imagines the scent of his daughter making its way into his lungs and his heart.
Some of his heartbreak must slip away from his control and pass through the neglected bond, because the next thing he feels is a rush of love coming from the other end. It’s weak and muted, but it’s there.
Steve draws to try to stop thinking about it, and tucks one of his sketches under a corner of Tony’s phone resting on the coffee table.
“Thank you,” Tony says to Steve’s ankles. He drags his eyes away, then, and they fall on the grandfather clock. The pendulum’s movement, so regular and soft, is hypnotizing.
After lunch at the restaurant, they return to the blanket on the grass, and Tony falls asleep again. He’s resting on his side, an arm under his head, facing Steve.
Tony thinks that maybe he should feel trapped. Steve’s body behind him, Steve’s arm, with his hand on the counter, still blocking one of Tony’s sides.
The moment Tony gets back to his room, he realizes that he should’ve thought this through. He should’ve thought about not leaving his Alpha alone during a rut. Without telling him that he was leaving, or when he would get back.
disagreeing. We don’t need to see eye to eye on every issue, it’s actually best if we don’t. What we need to do is not fight about it. It’s using the disagreement to predict more outcomes, to figure out better solutions.”
The next day, Tony finds a beautiful notebook on his desk in the lab. It has a bright red leather cover and wonderfully thick pages, creamy-colored, blank.
“Wha—” he says, and then, when Steve presses his face against his ass and his tongue inside his hole, “Holy fucking shit… Holy—”
He watches Steve run while he stretches out on the blanket under the oak tree, follows Steve with his eyes until he disappears behind the trees, and hopes the run will clear Steve’s mind.
without meaning to, without even realizing he meant to speak the word before it was too late. His head a step behind his lips.
He throws his legs over the edge of the bed. He drinks his eggs, swallows the slice of pie in two gigantic bites, washes it all down with the coffee. It’s on the cold side of lukewarm, so Tony must’ve been up for a while.
“I can’t give you either. I’m sorry,” Steve says, because of course Tony voiced his thoughts without realizing. He sucks in a breath, and his left hand trembles against Steve’s back. “There’s very little I can give you,” Steve adds, and Tony hugs him tighter, because that’s not true at all, but he can’t tell him.
Tony’s cock goes soft and slips out of Steve’s mouth, Steve feels Tony flinch and he looks up at him, worried. Tony is crying.
They end up actually getting the ties, the blue one with the kitties for Tony, the red one with the puppies for Steve, and a bottle green one for Rhodey, because he adores green. Steve insists on carrying the little paper bag.
, and you bond. There’s even a ritual with vows and handfasting, with no practical use except making the whole deal unnecessarily lyrical. It’s tradition and biology and social constructs all mixed together in a big, inextricable mess.
Maybe Tony doesn’t want to have sex with Steve very often; maybe he doesn’t feel the need anymore. Maybe Steve’s body doesn’t arouse him that much, Steve has so many muscles and not everyone likes all those muscles. Maybe Tony really just can’t get it up all the way anymore, and can’t take pills because of his heart. Maybe he feels ashamed and doesn’t want to talk about it with Steve. Maybe there is some other reason Steve can’t understand.
Steve doesn’t know what’s happening. He’s distantly aware he’s doing things, but he feels as if someone else is moving, and he’s only watching this whole thing play out from somewhere else, unable to stop it.
And Steve is back in Wakanda for a few moments—on a bed too big and empty, with his heart too big and empty, crying all the way through dawn every night, waiting next to a phone that still, to this day, has never been used. He’s back to missing Tony like a piece of himself, back to so many days without sleep that Sam would comment on the dark circles around his eyes, because no, the serum doesn’t have the cure for heartbreak. He’s back to running through the forest outside Birnin Zana until his feet were bleeding inside his shoes.
The muscle memory is there, and his fingers are nimble enough over the keys, but the melody takes him straight back to that day Mom came into his room, excited for this beautiful song she had just discovered and wanted to share with him.
“Tony. You’re doing fine. She’s clean, healthy, cared for. She has a sharp gaze. You stimulate her?”
The words are eons-old, and saying them makes Tony feel limitless, like he can touch the edges of the universe with the tips of his fingers. He smiles against Steve’s mouth when he feels him coming inside him once again, quietly, body going stiff with it for a moment.
They use a branding iron on him. They put cigarettes out on his skin. He gags from the smell of his own flesh burning.
But he seems really happy, so Tony is… well. It’s good. It’s good to see Steve having a good time. It’s good to watch him be excited about things. Be himself.
Tony realizes immediately that he’s letting Steve hug him without flinching back as his first instinct. The thought makes him pause for a moment, leaves him with his arms still in his lap.
He sat on Tony’s couch like a man on the electric chair, and said, “I have to tell you something important about Bucky and your parents’ death.”
Steve takes the car keys from Tony’s pocket and helps him in the passenger seat, fastens his seatbelt.
Tony’s about to reply, but the words die on his lips. There’s no point in this banter. It’s not playful, it’s just confrontational and self-destructive and he doesn’t want to do that anymore. He doesn’t want to fight his friends anymore.
she says, taking Tony’s hands in her own. “Listen to this old lady: he loves you, and you love him. You’ve hurt each other, and you shouldn’t ignore that. I know it’s hard, Tony, but if you can find it in yourself to forgive him and move past this, I don’t think you’d regret it. No matter how little time you think you have left, it would be worth it.”
It occurs to Tony that his inaction, his passive acceptance of the events, isn’t like him. He knows he should fight, he should threaten, he should react. Try to escape, at least.
Steve barely realizes that he said anything at all. It’s the other Steve, the one that is made of pencil lines and got his happily ever after with his Tony, that speaks through him, claims his place in the real world. A happiness made of paper and buried under cotton is not enough for him.
“Then… it happened, you know, the, the thing, and… the new bruises covered all trace of the old ones. Deleted them. Deleted all the proof of our night...”
Almost two minutes later and Tony’s body doesn’t seem to have any intention of stopping with the shaking, Tony is silent but his breathing is ragged and he’s still hiding his face in Steve’s neck. Steve can’t really tell how much time has passed, but it must be at least ten minutes before Tony stops trembling, his dick has long since softened and slipped out of Steve by itself. Tony gets up, doesn’t look at Steve, says, “God, I need a shower,” with a fake smile on his face, and goes into the bathroom without another word.
Maria asked if she could think about it for one day, and Antonio allowed it with a calm nod of his head.
Tony lifts his arms to circle Steve’s back, Steve’s ribs under his fingers. He starts shaking, and Tony caresses his back up and down, while Steve’s tears wet Tony’s t-shirt and the crook of his neck.
The moment they’re alone in the room, Steve rips Tony’s clothes away, and the skin-on-skin contact, so sudden and unexpected, makes all of Tony’s nerve endings catch fire. Steve’s skin is so hot; he’s burning up from the inside.
God, if that were true. If he could at least stop feeling so goddamn cold, like he has had Siberia in his heart since that fucking day when it all went down. If only he could stop shivering, if only crawling under the covers was all it took to find warmth…
“Shh, I don’t wanna feel you think—” Steve starts, but then stops, and grimaces to himself. “Sorry,” he says, and tries to smile, “soothing your insecurities with Alpha orders isn’t gonna cut it.”
Yeah, it’s more than rare. Like they explained to Sarah, people always have a doctor break the bond, so they don’t suffer and their children don’t suffer, too. That way the separation is safe. But Steve and Tony didn’t do that. They kept the bond and simply ignored it. And they all paid the price, Sarah included.
“And then I saw you. At the airport in Milan. And at first, I have to admit, at first I was terrified. Of seeing you. My fear, those first days, that was real. I almost died, and… I’m sorry. I don’t know what I’m apologizing for right now, just… I’m sorry. I almost died and I was scared of you.
“You won’t, Steve. You know how to dose your strength,” he says, throwing away Maria’s dirty diaper. He doesn’t think about the time Steve punched him. He doesn’t think about how he punched back just as hard. “Besides,” he adds, “I trust you.”
“He had always been drunk when it happened, and your mother used that to… not justify, but rationalize it in a way.”
Then, he’d congratulate Tony, maybe even make a toast, afterwards, while they eat at some fancy place Pepper chose. He’d make a few jokes. Everyone would laugh. And he wouldn’t feel like he’s dead inside. He wouldn’t feel like his soul is rending at the seams.
Riri blinks, and sort of startles. “Of course! He’s just… he was just hiding in my room and—” Riri reaches for the door, there’s a bit of rustling, and then—
He buries his face between Steve’s cheeks, mouths at his hole, nibbles at it lightly, before he gets onto making Steve’s entrance loose, tongue making its way past the initial resistance with decision and purpose.
, and as soon as he thinks that his mind fills with images where Tony takes the man’s place, and Steve is with him on the white dinghy, the sea stacks all around them, the water clear and calm, the air still. And Tony is wearing a white speedo, like the man is, and his skin is tan and wet and tastes like sea salt and Steve knows because Tony is kissing him, Tony lowers himself on top of Steve and kisses him, water dripping on Steve’s heated skin, and it’s refreshing because Steve was so warm, too warm, and Tony, Tony’s kissing him, Tony’s tongue is cool and wet, and his skin and the sea and the sun and the salt—
When Steve’s stomach is full and the plate empty, they go back to bed, but sleep seems to have left them both. He hears Tony toss and turn in bed and sigh impatiently, annoyed. Steve tries to stay as still as possible in his sleeping bag to avoid disturbing Tony even more than he already has, tonight.
Maybe Tony has underestimated how much Steve is hurting. He seems fine, except for the way he smells. But he’s also not a normal Alpha.
And that… that makes no sense. Tony should scream at him, punch him in the face (Steve would let him), summon his suit and kick Steve’s ass back to New York.
The church itself is very simple. Bare, light gray stones for the walls and colonnade. A simple terracotta floor. Wooden roof, not original for sure. There are some frescos on the walls, ruined by time and all the more breathtaking for it. There’s a big flight of stairs at the end of the central nave, with the altar at the top. The altarpiece represents the Virgin Mary and Baby Jesus, with a few saints next to them, probably the ones the church is dedicated to. The gold sparkles in such a way, especially against the deep red of the stylized angels.
“Tony, I… I’m scared. It scares me when I hear you being self-deprecating, but you always play it off as a joke, and… I never felt like I had the right to tell you anything about it, after what happened. But now I… I felt it in my own mind. And it frightened me.”
And I’m just... I never had the time to even really think about what I lost, to process it; there was always some crisis or some mission… But here, Tony, here is different. Everything is so quiet. I feel like I can think, finally, and, and I want to be an Avenger, I want... It’s important to me. I don’t know why I wrote that thing to you, it’s not how I feel.”
He turns to look at Steve, and Steve moves to face him while his hand slides over Tony’s shoulder, up against his neck. He caresses Tony’s jaw with his thumb.
And just for a second Tony feels as if this, this thing between them, is still broken, yes, but they can fix it.
He wishes he could do more. Steve doesn’t deserve this, to be betrayed by his body in such a way. The serum made him healthy, but when it comes to Alpha issues, it feels like it makes most things worse—Steve’s ruts have always been longer and stronger than normal, and he could never take suppressants. Granted, he hasn’t had a rut for the past ten years, but now it seems like he’s going to have to deal with them again, and Tony can’t help but be worried about that.
All the Avengers—old and new—visit Tony; all of them want to hold Maria and play with her. Some look more doubtful than others at the idea of Tony being a father, or maybe those others are just better at hiding how they really feel. But in the end, they wish him well. Him and Maria, that is.
doesn’t get another chance? What makes me worthy of mine, if he isn’t worthy of his? The possibility needs to be there. What people do with it, what they choose to do, defines them. But the possibility. It needs to be there.”
Steve stops pulling away, because Tony doesn’t want him to. “I’m so sorry, sweetheart. I didn’t want to hurt you.” It’s all Steve can offer.
They stop with their mouths separated by only an inch of thick, warm air. The moment breaks, Tony lets his forehead rest against Steve’s.
Tony doesn’t know what to do next but suddenly something breaks in the middle of his chest and he lets out a pained sob, because this, they could’ve had
He’s naked, sitting on the shower floor, away from the spray of the water. The bottle of Steve’s shower gel has been knocked over, and now it’s on the floor too, next to Tony’s thigh. There’s also Tony’s soap there, his black soap bar with
He suddenly wonders if the rhythm of his thrusts is good to Tony, if he likes to be fucked the same way he likes to fuck, hard and fast and rough. Before Steve has time to decide and do something, Tony croaks, “M-more lube, please?” and Steve doesn’t need to be told twice: he palms at the mattress to retrieve the bottle, sits up, uncaps it, aims, squirts a good amount of lube right on his dick, and proceeds to fuck it right into Tony. Tony seems to be left speechless by Steve’s actions, but then he moans so loudly Steve wonders if someone is gonna hear them from the gym, three floors down, soundproofed walls be damned.
“You appreciate that this feels like destiny or some shit, because you’re romantic like that. What’s next, you’re gonna write
but thinks better of it at the last moment. He wonders if things in his life would be better if he asked these kinds of questions. Especially to Steve.
He slides another finger into Tony and stretches all three of them, then watches Tony shake, babble incomprehensible words under his breath, grit his teeth and hiss in pleasure. Steve doesn’t let the fact that both his hands are occupied stop him. He licks at Tony’s balls, and as soon as Tony’s dick twitches he catches it in his mouth, quick and graceful. He keeps his lips tight around Tony’s erection, knows he needs the pressure, and he starts moving his head in a regular rhythm. Tony is gasping, like he doesn’t know what to do with all the things he’s feeling.
The moment Steve turns to look at him, the moment their eyes meet, Tony knows that there’s very little of Steve in the body on his bed. Or, yes, Steve is there, but he’s buried deep under something else.
Steve has seen Tony go through all this, and it has only made Tony more attractive to Steve. The graceful way he has of moving, both in and out the Iron Man armor; his calloused and bony fingers, long, and full of expertise, capable of creating the most astonishing things; his arms and the shape of his shoulders, always displaying experience and elegance; his lean legs, nimble and beautiful; the way he carries his person, the way he dresses himself— everything,
Steve seems very interested in this. Tony gets the impression he’s read a book on the development of newborns, or looked something up on the internet. He can’t explain Steve’s comments in any other way.
They stop by a couple more shops. Steve buys a decorated ceramic plate for Sam and a print of the city skyline painted by a local artist for Natasha. Tony, instead, sends a package of local food products to the compound. The staff will store it properly until Rhodey gets back home.
Tony straightens himself up, and checks the red mark in the shape of Steve’s teeth on his shoulder. It’s not very visible against the dark red of the bruise, but he touches it with a finger and smiles.
“I know, hey, I know,” Tony says, trying to hug Steve even tighter, but Steve shifts away from him, and looks down at his hands in his lap.
Afterwards, Steve sits up against the headboard, taking out his sketchbook. Tony looks up at him, just for the pleasure of observing him do things. The way he holds his pencil, the way his eyes seem unfocused while he visualizes his drawing in his mind, the way he sets his jaw while he concentrates, the way the muscles of his arm and his chest ripple while he moves—his skin is fair and perfect, he looks like a Greek god, naked except for his white Calvin Klein boxers which for sure weren’t a thing back in ancient Greece but…
“Everything. This thing with the stones… it terrifies me. Because it terrifies you, I think, and it makes me… anxious. Because if you don’t know what to do, then who does?”
She smells good. And now Sarah does too, and there’s no trace, anywhere, that she ever didn’t. Not even in her eyes.
Tony lowers his gaze again, but there’s a small, sincere smile on his face. He leaves without saying anything else, and Steve goes to his room to take a shower, and isn’t as sad anymore.
The trick works even faster than he thought. No Alpha in the middle of a rut can resist the image of their Omega walking away from them. It’s just not a thing they can do, no matter how nice they are.
Tony kneels, and Steve walks up to him, towering over him with a smirk on his face. Tony looks unsure of what’s about to happen, which is very rare for him.
“Hey, question: if—still hypothetically—we got together someday, wouldn’t you be bothered by the age difference? The fact that I’m forty-six and you‘re—”
His shirt is unbuttoned, the two sides hanging open over his chest and revealing a tank top that’s now more gray than white. The shirt itself is stained with blood, as though Tony used it to clean up his head wound as best he could. His black pants are scuffed at the knees, and his leather shoes are covered in dust.
He wonders how Steve could pull out of his mouth. Maybe his mind got so fucked up that it fucked with Steve’s arousal too.
. I’d miss the Avengers, Sam and Natasha, and Bucky the way he is now, and Fury, and the internet and all the progress humans have made… and you. I don’t want to lose you.”
Steve stops, leans back, looks at Tony even though Tony can’t look back right now. Says what must be said.
He covers the rest of the distance from Tony with slow steps, the wet grass and the mud squelching under his boots. He sits on the other side of the bench, leaving the liquor in the middle. The rain seeps into his sweatpants and boxers from the wet surface of the seat.
Tony’s generous; he always has been. He’s a hero willing to sacrifice his own life to save the world. He admits when he’s wrong, owns it when he fucks up, tries to make things better despite shame and guilt.
Tony looks at him and shakes his head—fond and amused, but also something else that Steve can’t quite understand at the moment, even through the bond.
Tony washes his face and hands, Steve looks at him from the open door. He does the same after a few minutes, and comes out of the bathroom to see Tony on the terrace, looking into the distance, thoughtful.
“I’ve always been yours,” Tony sighs into his ear, and Steve thrusts into him again, bites at the skin of his shoulder.
Steve takes the base of his dick, pulls out of Tony’s mouth, teases him, caresses his lips with the head. It’s fun looking at Tony trying to catch it, but having a very small range of movements, he grows impatient. And he’s dizzy, so he just lets his mouth go slack and hopes Steve will be benevolent and fill it up again. And Steve is.
His mother’s pain, served in black ink, on blue paper. He was never meant to listen to those words, but now that he has, he feels his life split in two: before these words, and after them. And he’s so tired of words cutting his life into chunks. Of feeling the knowledge work inside him and change him, twisting around his guts like food gone bad that he ate anyway.
His scent has started to fade away from his pillow, and sometimes Tony sits inside Steve’s closet and closes his eyes, and he can pretend he never left.
Steve presses his chest against Tony’s back and bites his shoulder softly, lazily. He watches as Tony looks down at himself and cups his dick out of the way with one hand. Steve feels him reaching down with the other, beyond his balls and to his rim, to the point where Steve is buried into him, to gather some of his slick in his hand.
“I was worried and I made the call, okay? And I like to think it was the right one, since you’re already awake. I know you don’t… You couldn’t consent to it and… You didn’t even want my shirt, for fuck’s sake, so I—”
It’s a piece of the golden mesh Tony used for the arms and legs of his armor, years ago. All the way back to the beginning of the Avengers. To the beginning of everything.
Tony gets up too and bends over his desk, stomach down, and Steve can’t believe what seeing Tony like this does to his heart. He prepares him quickly, and when he slides in everything goes very still and very quiet.
But then he doesn’t think anything else, because Tony—Tony who flinched away from Steve’s arms just that afternoon, Tony who didn’t want Steve to touch him at all until a few days ago, Tony who couldn’t even speak to Steve a week ago, Tony who Steve has hurt beyond the forgivable—Tony hugs Steve.
“I don’t want you to go back to New York tomorrow. I don’t want you to leave the team.” Tony’s voice is as firm as he can get it to be.
All of a sudden, he finds himself in a strange place. It’s a cave. He’s very familiar with one specific set of caves, in the Afghan mountains, but he’s never seen this one. Not that he can remember, anyway. Maybe he’s been here before, though. It’s a bit weird, the way he remembers it, but doesn’t really.
Then, bombs go off at the base of the Hydra facility. Steve watches as it crumbles on itself and burns down in the span of only a few minutes. No one that was inside could have survived. No one.
In the end, Tony is still not entirely convinced that this thing is gonna work, but he agrees to try it. Also, Steve keeps reassuring him that he does find Tony beautiful and that he is very attracted to him physically, not just emotionally (he actually says that,
A big hand appears, seemingly out of nowhere. It grabs the offending little thing and gently places it on the counter.
“And you’re keeping your promise. Remember I was about to fall over? We were both being clumsy. Listen. It doesn’t even hurt, it’s not your fault.”
Tony accepts it, because there’d be no point in trying to refuse, and because he really wants to try it, see if it tastes anything like Mom’s.
“Such a pity, though” says one of them, the one who likes to do me last. “Wish I could keep you.” He licks my cheek.
, that he’s allowed this small pleasure. He’s distracted, so he doesn’t hear Tony opening the glass door of the shower, he only suddenly feels someone behind him, calloused hands caressing his shoulders, and he should really do something about the fact that now apparently he can recognize Tony by touch alone. He’s so fucked up.
Tony breathes, doesn’t speak, doesn’t make a sound—but his eyes, now, are wide open, huge and shiny.
Steve closes his eyes for a moment against the blinding, bitter rage inside him, and wonders how something so powerful and intense can’t reverse the flux of time and allow him to fix this mess before it ever happened.
He reaches for that place inside him where he keeps the hope that Tony will forgive him, taps at it to try and remind himself why he’s here, why he’s doing this, what he wants—and that
He doesn’t sing much, prefers to concentrate on the melody and on Stella’s voice instead of the words, but he does join in now and then, and his voice is steadier than the way he feels. Mom’s voice overlaps with Stella’s in his mind. If he closes his eyes, he can see his mother’s bottom lip trembling, the tight control she kept over her singing.
“Fas—” Steve tries to say, but talking seems out of the question at the moment. Tony must get what he means anyway though, because he speeds up and—
It’s useless. But I’m a prisoner, and as such I’m reduced to my past. Future does not exist. Not anymore. Not here.
So, if Steve couldn’t do it before the mission in Lagos, then he’d do it after. He’d tell Tony the truth the moment they saw each other again.
As if on cue, Tony turns, leans back against the counter, and crosses his arms. He looks to the floor.
say no. That this is just— too much. But Tony’s inner walls clench around him. He looks down at himself disappearing into Tony, lube and his own come slicking the way in. He looks at Tony’s lap, at his soft belly, at the blue light in his chest and the scars around it, at his gray hair that he loves so much. He takes in his skin, his scent, all his wrinkles, his pliant muscles, the hollow of his throat, the perfect shape of his nose.
He’s probably going to have— a heart attack or something at some point, because of all the sex. Arc reactor be damned, his heart is just gonna give up on him. He is gonna die. Death by too many orgasms.
“Okay. I’m okay, don’t worry,” he tells Tony, and prays his eyes don’t look as desperate as he feels.
Steve parts his lips, allows Tony to drop the cherry in his mouth. He licks one of Tony’s fingertips, not entirely by mistake. He manages to not avert his eyes from Tony’s transfixed stare the whole time.
“Nowhere near here, don’t worry. Pretty much everyone has left. She’s staying with Bucky and Nat. Not exactly close to school, I know, but Pepper has one of her hell weeks, so.”
“I love you,” Steve says, and kisses the spot between Tony’s shoulders. “I love you, I love you, I love you,” he chants against Tony’s neck, and removes his hand from Tony’s heart to place it on his throat, grip sure and tight.
“I put everything on this thing, on the Avengers… and I didn’t even want to be part of it at first, when Fury told me. Then Natasha’s report said that I
Steve is only distantly aware that someone has come into the room. It’s the smell that hits him: there’s another Alpha here.
“Do you want to get up? Let’s get you to bed, okay? You can rest here, I won’t leave you,” Steve smiles, but Tony is still not looking at him, he keeps his head down like he’s ashamed. Steve guides him towards the bed, still without touching, waits for Tony to crawl under the covers, then walks to the other end of the room and puts on some clothes, drags a chair to the side of the bed. Suddenly, Tony speaks.
Steve plants a hand on Tony’s lower abdomen and presses down; looks, enthralled, at Tony’s hole, leaking out more and more of Steve’s come.
“No. Fuck, no.” Steve takes a deep breath, gathering his patience as much as his thoughts. “I did it. And I knew it’d hurt you and I kept doing it. But don’t assume, Tony, not even for a second, that it was easy. I betrayed you. I knew what I was doing. But it was the hardest thing I’ve done in my life. The hardest thing.”
Tony stretches out on his back, looks up at the big branches of the oak tree, the leaves moving with the soft breeze, creating unpredictable patterns of sunshine and shadows with their slow oscillations. He closes his eyes and splays a hand over his chest. He can almost feel his heart beating. Steve’s pencil stopped scratching the paper a while ago.
He looks at the translucent shine of his own saliva and imagines it being his come dribbling out of Steve, and he can’t wait to be inside him. He can’t fucking wait.
Anxiety rolls down Tony’s spine in a cold shiver. There’s a sudden weight on his chest, and talking becomes harder than a moment ago. “I’ll, I’ll do more, I promise,” his voice comes out small and whiny, it’s all wrong, it’s all completely wrong, “I’ll do better, I’ll be better, I’m sorry—”
“What kind of problem?” Bucky asks, concerned, and Tony fears this brand of jealousy will never leave him. Even though Bucky’s a Beta, and Steve isn’t attracted to Betas. Even though Bucky is bonded and married with Natasha.
“You boys take a shower, freshen up. There are towels in the bathroom. I’ll be downstairs. Take your time; there’s no rush.”
She goes into the living room, and searches the bookcase for a while. When she comes back, she’s holding a physical copy of her book. In Italian, the version Tony has never seen.
Steve kneads at the bruise on Tony’s shoulder, pushes his fingers into it, forces the muscles to relax with the warmth of his hands.
Now, Steve watches Tony’s full biceps, the dark hair under his armpits, the curve of his shoulders. Steve’s bite is still there, impressed on Tony’s skin despite how old it is. The tank top covers a portion of it, but Steve looks at those tiny pink dots and can find only one desire in his heart: to sink his teeth there once again, to taste Tony’s blood on his tongue, to feel his mind split open with the rush of emotions traveling through the bond.
Sure, Steve could’ve said something right away and not just lie there straining to keep himself from laughing in Tony’s face, but, well, this is ridiculous, after all. It’s not Steve’s fault.
Of course, he doesn’t want to force Tony, or guilt-trip him into offering his body to Steve. Of course not. Steve is still himself enough for the rational part of his mind to know that. But he’s selfishly happy that he’ll be able to feel Tony in his mind while he drifts away. That’s something. More than he ever hoped for since their fight, really.
A couple of hours later they arrive in a little town called Scandiano, in front of a place that looks like a regular house, but it’s actually a bed and breakfast. There’s an old man at the door; he greets them in English.
“I wish I could’ve given her more, back then. If she’d lived to see me get the serum, I would’ve sent her money, I don’t know… She hated wars.”
He keeps thinking about the Hydra base collapsing on itself. He keeps thinking about the flames licking at the clouds in the early night sky. He keeps thinking about the two tall pyres, one per building, lapping up at the sparse stars like burning giraffes.
“Think so,” Tony says, and he splays a hand over his chest. He grows thoughtful; his face darkens with sadness. “I’m sorry about last night. You probably didn’t think you’d be stuck with someone like... like I am now.”
“Tony, isn’t that—” Steve starts, but Tony looks at him with an expression that doesn’t admit any kind of protest, and Steve decides that he’s gonna trust Tony’s judgement.
And yes, the waking up all the time is, you know, overall, to be expected. Because she’s a baby. But also, to be honest? What the fuck. Tony isn’t someone with the most impeccable sleep schedule, and yet he’s judging her, because there should be a limit to this kind of nonsense.
So yeah, Steve notices Tony’s age. But he doesn’t care about it in the way people would expect him to.
Steve scoops up some of Tony’s come with his fingers and brings them to his mouth. He licks them clean while Tony stares at him, the remnants of his orgasm still clouding his mind, and a smile blossoms on his lips.
“Oh,” Tony says in a murmur, and Steve is suddenly aware that there’s something firm pressed against his thigh.
But it’s real; it happened. There’s still a scratch in his throat. His dick, disinfected and bandaged now, still gives him a twinge of pain now and then. It makes him laugh, again. He feels strangely young.
While he watches Steve pay for tickets to access the walkway along the top of the castle wall, Tony dares to think about the future of his relationship with Steve.
Tony clenches around Steve and the knot pulses inside him, Steve spilling another wave of his release into him. Tony comes so hard his vision whitens with it, and he’s not so sure he doesn’t lose consciousness for a couple of seconds.
Tony takes several deep breaths, forces himself to calm down. He rubs at his chest, gauges if the pain is real or only the ghost of that terrible nightmare. His heartbeat goes back to normal after a couple of minutes.
“Is this... is this us?” Tony asks in the end, his voice neutral in tone but a bit unsteady, hoarse with sleep.
Seems like I’m a gladiator now, or a close equivalent. But my life is worthless here. I’m not a valued entertainer of crowds, I’m not a tool to manufacture consent, I’m not an idol for the people. I train, I do my job, I kill. Bears, wolves, the occasional tiger. Innocent animals. Innocent people. Boys no older than seventeen. Them or me, I tell myself.
He sits up on the bed. His heart pounds in his chest. He looks to the side, and Tony is there, waking up, confused and sleepy, the light of the reactor shining through his t-shirt.
It’s nothing like Steve’s ragged, hard gulps of gelid air, in the perennial winter of a HYDRA base that was as far from home as they could possibly be.
He closes his eyes and tries not to think about it. It’s just the rut. Steve will be back to his own self soon, and Tony needs to help him on the way there, because he promised, because he loves Steve and he promised.
. Tony’s eyes become a bit brighter than usual, and Steve nudges his shoulder. Tony’s mouth crooks with a smile.
“I’m going to the bathroom to get you some water, okay? I’m not leaving you, I’ll be back in a minute, is that alright?” When Tony nods, Steve gets up.
“No problem. If anything, you’ll help with testing BARF. And don’t call me Mr. Stark, Mr. Stark was my... it was... ah, hell. Just call me Tony.”
Tony looks into Steve’s eyes for a very long time, until Steve feels a blush creep up from his chest to his neck.
They are on a secondary road, cutting in the middle of the countryside. Trees are lined up on the edge of the road, a sunflower field separates them from the woods far up on the hill. The sun is almost gone, but the sky is still blue and pink and orange; there’s still enough light to see.
Steve moans, loud and unashamed, and speeds up the pace of his hand on Tony. Slowly, Tony pulls at Steve’s waistband, makes his way past it. He touches, very delicately, the slit on the head of Steve’s dick with the tip of his forefinger. Steve comes.
He might be just really fucking horny, and that’s perfectly okay with Tony—adrenaline is still streaming in his veins too, making his skin buzz. There’s a wicked spark in Steve’s eyes, a playful, lewd smirk on his lips. Tony has never wanted to be his more than right here, right now.
Tony’s on the floor, near the desk. The vase that was on it fell down, but it didn’t break. Tony’s trying to get up, holding his left arm close to his chest.
“Yeah. And then Lagos happened, and then all the rest, and I still hadn’t told you, and Zemo showed you the tape, and it was… it was over.”
Steve misses going for a run early in the morning, watching the sun rise from the park, moving through the streets. Some days he just wants to take a shower and cuddle in the evening. He has a libido that sometimes just won’t leave him in peace, and he is able to fuck Tony a minimum of six times in a row whenever he wants, but that doesn’t mean he has to do it every day.
Steve brushes his fingers over Tony’s wrist, past the bracelet, under the sleeve, up and up to his aching shoulder. He rests his hand there for a moment, cool against the warmth of the bruise, and his eyes widen in question.
Steve wakes up slowly. Tony notices his breathing quickening, his muscles spasming with renewed strength. He’s always liked how strong Steve was, how he’d hold Tony down and leave bruises on him during every rut—the only times when Steve lost his cool just enough, got just a bit rougher, thought just a bit more about taking instead of giving. Tony loved it—a show put on just for him, Steve Rogers falling apart with a need only Tony could fulfill. It made him feel wanted. Important. Maybe he wasn’t so useless and worthless if Steve needed him like that for a few days every month.
He hears him gasp. He scrambles to his feet, walks to the door. But after that, he doesn’t know what to do.
“Long story, spaceface. I’ll explain. The gist of it is that we were kidnapped by Hydra, if you can believe it.”
“I love you,” Tony says. “I love you too. I always, mh—” Steve has started moving again, fucking up into him with more decision, moving his hand on Tony’s dick just the way Tony likes it, quick and tight, and…
He feels suddenly uncomfortable in his old suit. He shouldn’t be; the uniform is worn out, the leather has taken the form of his body after all these years of use. It remembers him.
Steve has a beard now, Tony notices as soon as he steps into the room. He looks older and beautiful. Somehow even more Alpha than before.
It’s strange, sometimes, to think about Steve as an artist. It’s easier to just see him as a soldier, as a living legend, as the Captain America of the old comics Tony so avidly read as a kid and treasures so possessively as an adult. As the Avenger he followed into battle those few times.
Bucky and Nat are both shouting things that Tony can’t really understand right now. He’s not paying attention.
“Devo. Speravo di evitare di andare in città stamattina, ma…” she sighs, “ne approfitterò per prendere il pollo al mercato per pranzo, che ne dici? Due, okay? Uno per Steve. Basterà?”
Steve fists his own hair, pulls at it until it hurts. Until Tony takes his wrists and forces him to lower his arms. Steve lets him.
“But I can’t stay away either. I don’t know how… I tell myself it’s fine, but… I can’t, I can’t, I can’t even think about it.”
“Alright,” he breathes out, like the deal is half-done already and he can move on to the next phase of it, but he doesn’t stop fucking into Tony. Tony feels overwhelmed, disoriented; Steve is a foreign body inside him now, too much, but he doesn’t want him to pull out, no, the opposite, he wants him to push in even more, more, more, be one with him, be—
He caresses Steve’s thigh in long strokes, up and down, up and down, until Steve notices and he relaxes against him.
There are a few, interminable minutes of stillness. Steve’s been quietly catching his breath, lying on top of Tony, crushing him onto the bed.
Nothing too damaging, or I won’t be able to work and fight anymore. But anything that can heal, even in a long time, is fair game.
The reboot gave him back his old body, so Tony doesn’t need to gain any lost weight, but he eats, regularly, and in the right quantities, and he drinks plenty of water.
Sometimes I get the urge to fight them off. I can’t take twelve men at once, not like this. Still, I get to see their surprise. It’s tinged with admiration.
Steve touches Tony’s soft dick, strokes it, smears his come all over it, gathers some drops and rubs them into Tony’s gray pubic hair, shoves two fingers into Tony again to pick up some more of his own come, uses it to massage Tony’s perineum. Steve keeps moving his hand on Tony, leisurely, patiently, until he’s more than half-hard.
“Okay, go slow in the beginning. Then you can pick up the pace. I’ll squeeze your thigh or something. If something’s wrong I’ll, uh… I’ll pinch you.”
“Yes. And I’ll be in pain no matter what,” Tony says, tone clipped. “Please,” he adds then, softly, “it’ll take my mind off of it.”
In that moment, in that moment that looked so normal from the outside, while no one was noticing him, while all his friends were busy drinking, laughing, dancing, Steve thought—
He feels a spike of guilt for what he said to Tony, but it’s true that his love for Tony knows no comparison.
It’s not just about Steve’s life. Before the world had anything at all to do with Steve, before Steve or his parents and grandparents and great-great-grandparents even existed; this place was already here, like this, had already been here for centuries, unchanged and seemingly unchangeable.
Steve’s first instinct, while the water washes over him, is to bang his head against the tiles as hard as he can. Then he remembers that would probably mean breaking the tiles themselves, and it doesn’t seem like a good idea anymore.
“I’d look at it in the mirror, touch it, and make it hurt again so I knew…” Tony sighs. “It was almost faded all the way when we saw each other again. I’d try to spot any yellow patches left and wonder if anything between us hadn’t already faded with the bruise.”
He pokes at his last thought for a moment and he’s not sure it’s his thought and not Steve’s. It feels too kind and amazed to be something Tony thought about himself, but he doesn’t really know. There’s so much going on.
Tony murmurs, “Yeah,” and Steve picks Tony’s hips up, rearranges Tony’s limbs so he’s on all fours, all without pulling out. And then, as promised, Steve’s thighs slap against the back of Tony’s again.
The life that Steve dreams of, the life that only exists between the pages of his secret sketchbook, the life that he keeps hidden in his sock drawer like a shameful secret, that life, suddenly materializes in Steve’s room. It’s in the heat radiating from Tony’s hand and into Steve’s head, it’s in the softness of Tony’s silk pants on Steve’s cheek, in Tony’s aftershave filling Steve’s nostrils, in Steve’s hand still resting on Tony’s knee, in the comfort of the silence between them, in the muscle memory that comes from knowing each other intimately, in the rain washing over the windows.
But there’s no more time, he can’t breathe, he can’t think, the ice is filling his lungs, the pain is—
His own dick is throbbing between his thighs, heavy and dark, and he touches himself just for a second, just to take the edge off, but he comes all over Tony’s expensive suit pants, and he feels like crying because he loves Tony
Tony’s clothes are different from what Steve has always seen him in back in the States. Here, he wears linen pants, simple t-shirts, all in subtle colors—dark greens and blues, gray, black, white.
Tony presses a hand over the reactor, rubs at the skin around it. “She regretted having... having me,” he murmurs, and wishes he could make it sound more like the question he intended it to be.
A final note: the title of the story is, of course, from Mia Martini's wonderful song, Almeno tu nell'universo. Maybe only the Italians between you know this, but Mia Martini had an incredibly tough life, and there was a lot of unhappiness in it. Maybe some of that reality leaked in the way I wrote Maria's story here. I hope Mia is happy too, now, wherever she is.
Steve looks and looks and looks, thanks his eidetic memory and curses it at the same time, because he wants to remember this image forever, yes, but –
Steve watches him, transfixed; kisses him, slow and languid, feels Tony’s tongue, warm and wet against his own. The vague taste of coffee and coconut.
Tony does as he’s asked. “Relax,” he says, and finds a rhythm to his thrusts, but still keeps them careful and precise. He places his hand on Steve’s hip, and he feels the tension seep out of him.
Steve dresses in record time, then hands Tony clean boxers and a t-shirt that Tony is pretty sure is actually Steve’s. He wears it anyway.
Still. It’s not like Tony has had time to go out a lot lately. Or the reason. Except to take Maria on a walk in Bryant Park. When he can avoid the paparazzi.
Like on most days, Steve slides from complete darkness to full consciousness in the span of a second. By the intensity of the light entering the room from the French window he can tell that it’s early.
After that, Tony doesn’t seem like he can do anything, he can’t even scream, he stops making noises altogether. Steve is almost worried for a minute, but Tony presses his hand to Steve cheek, leans in for a kiss, and Steve just keeps going, wordless, until he’s come three more times.
Steve would love to visit the cities, but it’s unlikely Tony will want to go. Or that he will go for Steve’s sake.
Steve’s presence isn’t foreign. It feels like an old friend coming back from a long trip, and you think,
Sarah is never sick. Sarah has never been sick in her entire life, and when she’s hurt, she heals faster than she should. For his part, Tony doesn’t seem to have aged very much since having her, although he doesn’t heal any quicker than before. They never talked about it, but they’re all aware of it.
That’s something Steve didn’t expect. He knew Tony would be tight, and he is, but mostly he’s just so
Tony takes one of Steve’s hands, and brings it in front of himself, guides it over the arc reactor. He rests his own hand on top of Steve’s.
“You were having a nightmare. I was trying to wake you up,” Steve says, sitting up too. Then, when Tony doesn’t reply, he adds, “Please don’t shoot me?”
Tony does nothing, this is just. It’s not that he doesn’t want to wear it, because he does. It’s just. Steve bought one. For him.
It’s possibly the oldest place Steve has ever set foot in. At least, while there wasn’t a war raging on and he could pay attention to it. For sure, since coming out of the ice.
His eyes are bloodshot; their brightness seems to have subsided in favor of a disturbing dullness. He seems to be a million miles away from Steve, impassive and distant.
There’s a statue of him, outside the training area. Must be at least 50 feet tall. It faces the opposite direction, so I can’t see his face.
Tony kisses him, in a daze, then says, “There’s lube in that drawer if you wanna—” and Steve breathes out, “Yeah, yeah,” and scrambles to his feet.
“I don’t know, I’m not jealous. You can do whatever you want. We aren’t together now, we weren’t together back then, I just... I don’t have any say in the matter. You can kiss whoever you want.”
Tony looks like he’s about to be sick, all the words he wanted to say stuck in his throat all of a sudden. He also looks like he’s about to cry, or scream, or call down the suit right this second and punch Steve in the face.
Steve tries to hug him, relieved and sad, but Tony gasps in pain because of his broken rib and flinches away. He regrets it, because he doesn’t want Steve to think that he might be confused about who’s standing in front of him, and Tony would like to explain it to him, but he doesn’t know how. Words feel unfamiliar now, strangers. Foreign objects inside him that he’s forgotten how to push out.
Steve asks Tony if he knew about this, and he answers saying that their ticket includes a visit to the the unfinished structure that would have been the façade of the new Duomo, but never was. To get to the top of it, they have to climb up an ancient, narrow spiral staircase, and instinct tells Steve to walk behind Tony.
“I need to tell you something,” she says, and her hard gaze meets Steve’s and locks him there. He’s never seen her like this, on the verge of trembling with how nervous she is. “You’re going to hate me,” she adds, voice cracking at the edges.
A smile surges up to Steve’s face. A lot has happened since, but those three days are still a fond memory.
Tony always tries not to remember that night, but being so close to Steve all the time, sharing everything with him—a car, a bed, a table, a blanket on the grass—makes it impossible.
could end up being the one who has to spend years alone, Tony. We don’t know. No one knows, ever. But I don’t care. Being with you is the best thing that has happened to me in my entire life. I want to build my future with you. I chose you, I choose you every day. The way you make me feel— there’s nothing like it. Sometimes I can’t believe I love you this much. And I
Steve gets up only to kneel again behind Tony, hides his face in the crook of Tony’s neck, sucks at the skin there, places one hand on Tony’s stomach, grazing with his thumb at the scars on his chest, and starts jacking Tony off with the other. His erection is— it’s almost complete.
He idly wonders for how much longer they can keep up the act. When are people going to realize that it’s been almost a year since the engagement?
Steve squares his shoulders and takes a deep breath to chase the memory away. This is not the time, but he feels it pushing back at him, resisting.
But the fact remains: this thing, as crazy as it sounded at the beginning, as absurd as it has been, it actually
, said like that, with so much certainty and decision and finality, it’s like a death sentence for Steve.
I know who likes to see blood and who gets hard from punching. I know who likes it fast and hard and who’d rather take his time with it, nice and slow. I know who likes humiliating more than fucking. I know who is impatient and I know who is okay with waiting to be the last, because he likes it when I’m used up and dirty and full of his friends’ come. He likes to see me squirm in pain, he likes to watch me as I power through the last one of them. He calls me a whore.
). This is the only case where I play a little with reality regarding a place Steve and Tony go visit. There is an agriturismo close to the bridge, but it's closer than what implied in the fic, and there are less woods and rocks on the riverbanks, but i had to give those two idiots some privacy. Also, the river isn't warm, but I needed Steve to get into the damn water in some way, didn't I? :D
Steve doesn’t need much sleep, but he likes to indulge in it when he can, especially now that he’s got Tony breathing quietly next to him, snoring softly from time to time. Tony wakes up a bit abruptly, and seems disoriented for a minute. He looks at Steve, and that seems to ground him—he sighs with relief.
Something grows again between them. Tony recognizes it. They settle back into the well-oiled mechanisms of their friendship; they spend more time together outside of team business and Steve relaxes in his presence, lets go, somehow, of his shame.
) and to reach his orgasm, especially when not many hours have passed from his last one, but Steve never complains. By the time Tony is smiling at Steve with a blissed-out expression that is almost funny, Steve is so on edge that it doesn’t take much for him to come; often, just the barest touch of Tony’s hand or mouth is enough.
Natasha sags down on one of the barstools. She takes the smoothie Tony passes her over the counter. “Thank you,” she says, before placing the straw between her lips.
Steve fucks up into him, bottoms out, and Tony’s voice does something that doesn’t even sound like him at all.
Tony’s voice echoes against the damp walls of the tiny room they’re in. In his eyes, Steve can now read all the anguish Tony is usually so good at hiding, as well as some kind of Omega instinct he represses on a daily basis.
The subject of the drawing is, again, Tony, in what looks like a museum, leaning with his back against a wall and fiddling with his phone. He looks annoyed and bored, caught while he puffs some air out of his mouth, the gesture ruffling the hair on his forehead.
The thing that Tony feels in the sharpest way when he thinks about Steve and their relationship is regret. Sure, there’s love, too. There’s always been love, earth-shattering and life-altering love, but right now regret is squeezing Tony’s battered heart between its long, cold fingers, and making it hard to breathe.
He blinks. “Oh, that’s… that’s a nice shirt,” he mutters, evidently regretting every word as soon as it exits his mouth, or maybe wishing they came to him smoother, more naturally than this. He looks down, at the carpet covering the floor of Tony’s room, then he lifts his head to give Tony a timid smile in lieu of an apology.
“How long does it take to get to Stella’s house?” he asks while fixing the shading of the nose he’s working on.
Steve pushes the blanket away, walks the distance that separates him from Tony and crouches down next to him.
“‘S never gonna happen again. Kissing. I know that. But I... sometimes I think about it. If I could. I wouldn’t fuck up again. If you... if you’d...  I’d be worthy of it. Of you.”
It feels new and old at the same time. He’s still doing what he’s done for most of his adult life, and yet something inside him has shifted, and he hates that. No one has the right to change someone else like that, the way Tony’s been changed. No one.
The first time Tony fucks Steve is at night, on the floor of Steve’s bedroom. Steve gets the idea mostly because it’s practical, since the bedside table with the bottle of lube is right there. Steve can’t really tell how they got naked, it’s all kind of a blur, it happens so fast. In no time, he’s lying on his back, the carpet soft on his skin, Tony looming over him, two fingers already making their way inside Steve.
There’s not much to look at, actually. It’s just a clothes shop. There are a few people inside, three shop assistants and a bunch of clients. One exits the door with her purchase while Steve and Tony are standing there, kinda awkwardly. She gives them a look and walks away.
“You know,” she said, kind and a little sad, “blue roses represent the desire for the unattainable.”
Tony sighs, dejected. “Goddammit,” he mouths while pinching the bridge of his nose. He gives Steve a long, empty look. He puts his shirt back on and a muscle relaxes in Steve’s neck the moment he can’t see the bite anymore.
I know they did. If there’s one thing I know is that I gave him hope, even imperfectly, even if sometimes he didn’t need it or want it, not from me.
Tony grabs Steve’s arm, but they both know there’s exactly fuck all he can do to stop Steve if he wants to do this, except calling for the suit.
Tony holds a hand in the middle of Steve’s chest, and Steve stops thrusting into him. He shifts, until Steve’s dick slides out of him.
“In her letters,” Stella starts again with a deep sigh, “she mentioned it happening three times in total. First two times he shoved her during an argument. Once, she hit the wall, got a bump on the back of her head for a week. Third time, he slapped her. She said she was happy you were at school so you wouldn’t see the bruise.”
Steve is naked, underwear discarded god knows where faster than light; he’s kneeling on his heels, knees spread apart, thighs even thicker than normal because of the position. His cock is hard and red, arched in a perfect curve, and it makes Tony’s mouth water for a taste. The muscles of his abs and chest are taut and sinuous, his shoulders sculpted, his throat exposed. He draws a circle with his neck, relaxes his head down, and a tuft of hair shift over his forehead with the movement, catching the sunlight invading the room.
But Steve says, “Sure?” with a strained voice and that’s when Tony knows that he could play this trick a thousand times, he could take hope away from Steve and then give it back a thousand times, and Steve would never force him into anything.
And Tony tried to be Mr. Stark, the only Mr. Stark he could ever be, the one he knew Steve already liked and respected.
Tony can’t think of anything to say, so he squirms under Steve’s touch and his back arches with so much arousal, so much pent-up energy, the tightest desperation—he doesn’t know where to put it, what to do with himself. He’d touch Steve if his fingers weren’t still wrapped, but they are, and they feel numb and clumsy, and all his desires go nowhere.
Steve back. But he’s gone. And all I’m left with is a pale imitation that doesn’t share even an ounce of his courage. All I’m left with is…
He jogs down the white trail that leads to the Relais, and when he reaches the main road he comes to a halt, looking around himself to decide which way to go. They came from the right, yesterday. He goes left.
Steve immerses his entire hand in the water, stretches out his fingers as much as the narrow limestone walls allow him. He looks at the water streaming past his hand, between his fingers, wetting the fine hair at his wrist.
“Tony, I’m serious. I’m… Listen, you want to keep it to yourself, fine. I’m just worried, that’s all.”
Steve wakes up in the darkness, except for the moonlight streaming into the room from the floor-to-ceiling windows.
It’s everywhere. It clouds Tony’s presence in his mind, mutes the bond and brings him into a state of abject misery.
“Hey, hey,” he whispers, taking Steve’s face in his hands and forcing him to look into his eyes. “Hey. This wasn’t bad. This wasn’t bad.”
Steve brushes a hand up Tony’s thigh, tangles his fingers with the silk. Tony presses his ass down over Steve’s dick, and Steve feels that he’s wet. He knows Tony’s ready to take him, even though he doesn’t remember opening him up.
“A song we never talked about. It first came out only a couple of years before she died. The lyrics are beautiful, and the music too, but the original singer’s voice is just amazing.
He has two pairs of these shoes, same style, except one is light gray, and the other bright red. They’re both size 7, which is weird. Steve thought Tony wore size 9. Must be the brand messing up.
“Sorry. For a moment there I really… And I never know how present you are when you… You seem kinda out of it at times.”
Tony feels awful and he doesn’t know why and he doesn’t know how to fix it and he needs to fix it because he needs to be okay for Steve, he needs to guide Steve through the other side of his rut but he’s feeling so bad all of a sudden, so empty, why is he so goddamn empty—
Steve smiles, bittersweet and nostalgic, and laces their fingers together. “No need to be,” he says with that timid smirk that takes over his face when he wants to be charming. As if he ever isn’t. “But I wish you would’ve let me help,” he adds, more as a joke to defuse Tony’s tension than a real proposition.
He notices the drawing when he goes to take his phone from the coffee table, and he stares at it in disbelief, has to sit back down on the couch.
Tony keeps his gaze down, on the cherries, and whispers, “I’m fine,” so quietly that Steve is sure he can hear it only because he has enhanced senses.
He wakes up with his dick so hard he can’t even touch it. He forces it back into the toy channel and fucks into it so violently he can feel the bed shake with it. After only a few gut-wrenching thrusts, he screams his orgasm into the pillow, throat sore and aching, and his knot swells again while he comes.
In the end, Tony knows he has the final say, and he accepts their friends’ presence. He can see that it’s uncomfortable for them, though. Natasha is jittery—spending so much time in a room with another Alpha who’s going through such a powerful rut must be hell for her. Bucky keeps scrunching up his nose and making a disgusted face. It makes Tony smile. To him, Steve smells beautiful.
“Let me clean you up,” Steve says, and his hands are careful and attentive on Tony’s skin, gentle, as if to make up for last night. As if he’s trying to atone for sins no one is holding him accountable for.
Before Tony can step out of the car, Steve says, “Wait,” rips a page from his sketchbook and holds it out for Tony.
“I know that now. I don’t know why I ever thought you would,” Steve confesses. He really has no idea. The only thing he remember is the fear. For Bucky, for Tony. For himself, too, because he was a coward and didn’t want to be the one to tell Tony about this. He didn’t want to see the light behind Tony’s eyes shatter, didn’t want to be associated with this terrible memory in Tony’s mind.
“She is. I was thinking we could go to Florence tomorrow. Then the day after, in the afternoon, we could leave.”
Tony crawls back on top of Steve, all hot skin and soft muscles, the hard edges of the arc reactor digging into Steve’s chest, Tony’s goatee scratching at his neck.
Steve wipes the tears from his face. What would she say if she could see him now, strong and big and healthy, but sad and hopeless and consumed by guilt and so desperately in love with someone that maybe will never want him back.
Tony prepares to climb up the stairs, but then he hears a voice. He doesn’t understand what it’s saying, but it sounds like it could be Steve.
He opens his eyes to see the mirror streaked with white, his fingers wet with it. His thighs tremble, but he holds himself up. He breathes through it, waits for his heart rate to return to normal.
Steve keeps kissing his face, the grey hair at Tony’s temples, the lines at the sides of his nose, the sharp edges of his goatee, the little dimples in his cheeks. It’s slow, but not uncertain, and Steve knows everything is going to shatter in a moment. Tony is letting him say goodbye.
One of his wrists hurts from the position, so he takes those fingers out of himself, and now he’s just there—mouth knotted, four fingers in his own ass, and his other hand soaked with his slick and he…
“Kiss me again,” he says, voice rough and urgent, his lips scratching against Steve’s jaw while he lifts his head.
It’s quick—Tony pulls away after only a handful of seconds. He bows his head and rests his forehead on Steve’s shoulder. Steve hears him take a deep breath, and the scent of Steve’s leather jacket must wrap around Tony’s heart and squeeze down on it because the next thing he does…
The whole truth, though, is that Tony is a bit envious. It’d be nice to get hard again, after so many months of almost nothing. He’d been worried at first, when it kept happening even when he was fully recovered from surgery. Then he talked about it with Rhodey, who said that it often happened to soldiers too, that it didn’t only occur as a result of sexual trauma or for medical reasons. He said maybe it was happening to Tony because of how he felt about Steve.
Steve opens and closes his mouth, then opens and closes it again. He blushes, and looks down at the floor, confused.
It’s hot, it’s so hot, but it’s also cold, there’s ice everywhere, Tony shivers and is covered in sweat and he can’t breathe.
Tony pats Steve’s thigh. “We could go to that place I told you about, if you still want. It’s okay if you changed your mind.”
He shakes his head again to clear away all the bad thoughts. He breathes out slowly a couple of times and concentrates on what he came to his bedroom for.
They stare at each other, and Steve realizes he hasn’t said anything yet. He doesn’t think his voice would come out right just about now.
“I only wanted you to give me the benefit of the doubt. To trust me. But you couldn’t, and it ended like it did. But it’s not... right now, all of this… it’s not about the Accords.”
The cherry on top is the Alpha part of him loathing himself for wasting his own semen like this. Logic hits him, and he feels guilty on so many levels, because it doesn’t work like that, that’s not the goal of sex or knotting, that’s not the sole reason why he wants Tony by his side, and Tony couldn’t bear another child in any case. Tony doesn’t even want to… But even if he did... even if he did, they couldn’t have another child and that’s fine, it’s not Tony’s fault, it’s no one’s fault, he just wants…
For what, he can’t even imagine. He’s sure the songs, the movies, centuries of poetry don’t really do it justice. What it must feel like, to be one with someone else. To have that one sure thing, for the rest of your life.
They tied him up. There are thick metal cuffs around his wrists, chained to a hook on the wall above his head, so he’s forced to keep his arms up in the air. There’s blood trickling down the inside of his forearms—his shirt sleeves have been haphazardly rolled up to his elbows—an angry rash where the metal chafed the skin. He has a black bruise under his left eye.
“Nah. People still love you. I mean, some are calling you a war criminal, but… you know, in general.”
“You must know the political situation has changed. You must know they’re allowed to go back to the United States,” T'Challa says, uselessly, because Tony knows. Of course he knows.
He drags the boxers down Steve’s legs and tosses them on the chair, then gets naked himself, but before he can get back to the bed Steve is standing close to him, kissing him again, taking both his and Tony’s cock in his big hand and stroking them together, slowly, so the lack of lubrication doesn’t hurt either of them.
Steve kisses the side of his neck and then picks him up with no effort at all. He walks to the bed with Tony impaled on his cock like it’s nothing. He sits down first, then adjusts them into a lying position.
“Oh, um…” Steve chuckles, sheepish. “You feel like… like a lightning bolt in my head. No, dozens of them. These bursts of energy. Warm. Pulsing.”
“I didn’t want to risk too much so I tried to see what I could handle each time,” Steve nods, so Tony continues, “But we never did it like–”
“You must know…” Tony sighs. “I’m sure you know.” He says it too seriously for the meaning to be mistaken, or not immediately understood.
“Yeah, it’s Thor’s,” Steve replies in the end, sitting on the wall. “He left a bunch of clothes when he went back to Asgard. Told me it’d be a great honor if I used them.” He seems to weight his next words, but he doesn’t look sure of his choice. He whispers. “I only have this with me. The rest is at the compound. In my, my, my room. My old room.”
He thinks about Steve’s tears, his voice, his hands on him, his lips on his cheek. Remembers the taste of his sweat. The way he cracks and cracks and tries to keep all the pieces of himself together, alone.
“Steve, you damn idiot,” Tony says, but without cruelty in it. He’s just tired, really, and his legs hurt, and he can’t hold himself up for so long.
He rinses his mouth, washes his face, splashes some water in his hair. He lets it drip on his neck, on his shoulders, on his chest.
The man manages to kick Steve away; he throws Tony to the ground and gets his hands around his neck.
“I know he hurt you.” T'Challa’s words are scrupulously chosen, and this kindness makes Tony feel respected. “But I hope you can find in yourself the strength to allow him to make amends. To try, at least. I won’t say what he did to you was right, because I don’t believe it was. But he regrets it. Listen to him. Spend some time together. It might be worth it. For the Avengers, at least, if not for yourself.”
And even if all of that had to happen, even if Steve had to keep that terrible truth from Tony, maybe there was still a place, in the entirety of the damn multiverse, where Steve didn’t smash his shield on Tony’s arc reactor, on Tony’s heart, where he didn’t walk all over it. Where he didn’t walk away.
“Damn,” Steve says, tone full of disbelief. “I don’t know if you have memory issues, or if you don’t even listen to the things I say, or if you suddenly become stupid when we talk about this.”
Tony lucked out; she’s such an easy kid. She sleeps through most of the night already, eats at regular times,  holds herself up a little better.
He enters the tub first, then holds Tony’s hand while he steps over the edge. His legs are a little unsteady, and maybe it’s the lack of sleep, maybe it’s the pain in his shoulder throwing him off his balance.
“It was the only other time we saw each other. I was in New York for work. For a couple of years, Maria had started to write in her letters that having you had made her look back at her life, her decisions… she said she had regrets.”
He sits on the couch, and loses himself in his work for a while, like he told himself he’d do. He replies to Peter’s daily text, wonders when he should start annoying Rhodey for updates on Bucky.
“Yeah. Yeah.” Tony lowers his gaze, fiddles with his hands. Opens his mouth as if to say something else, then thinks better of it and closes it again.
He allows himself a few more moments of self-commiseration, then he finishes showering and towels off. In the bedroom, he sits on the bed, naked, and he means to get a pair of underwear from the drawer any minute now, but he stops when he sees that Steve has left his drawing on Tony’s pillow.
And then at some point, Steve started drawing himself. Just parts of his body at first, Tony’s lips around his dick, Tony stroking them both together, the drawing cutting at Steve’s chest. Then Steve started sketching his own face, with more and more details as the weeks went by and this sketchbook became more wish fulfillment than fixing memories to a page.
“I was gonna say Nobel prize worthy and mind-blowingly genius and utterly amazing, but that works too, yeah.”
Steve comes out of the chapel a few minutes later, hands tucked in the pockets of the jeans he changed into before leaving home.
“I’m gonna—” he gasps, and Steve growls and takes Tony’s dick in his hand, stroking it a few times, tight, and just a moment before reaching the edge Tony moves his hand to still Steve’s, he presses his open palm—the wrapped hand, the numb fingers—on the back of Steve’s fist, pushing down with all the force he has, until Steve can’t do anything but stop, and then, just then, Tony comes in spurts just as white as the light behind his eyes, as the blinding, body-shattering ecstasy that overtakes him for a moment.
The way he clenched around Steve, the way he cradled Steve’s head in his hands and kissed him and kissed him and kissed him, and didn’t stop even when Steve’s mouth went slack and he couldn’t do anything except feel like he had just cut a piece of his own soul so that Tony could keep it safe inside himself.
A night they spent in Italy, near the front. There was a small town, close to Campobasso, with a dance house. They went for a drink, Steve and the Commandos. And this song… this song was playing and there was... there was a woman, singing it, a beautiful woman with red lipstick and black hair and a red dress and an other-worldly voice singing a song for a girl named Mariù who was all her life.
“I’m really sorry. I was having a stupid dream.” There’s bitterness in his voice now, just a hint, but Tony can hear it.
“Before I met you, everyone told me that you were just like your father. And you were, in some ways—all affectations. But the way you think... I’ve seen your father think. You’re different. His science wasn’t as sound as yours. He’d often have to rethink things because they malfunctioned, or didn’t work as he expected. I’m not saying he wasn’t a genius, ‘cause he was; or that you don’t make mistakes, ‘cause you do. But the way you see things... you can see miles ahead. Into the future. He couldn’t, not like you. He could see how the world would be the next day. You can see it in a hundred years.” He smirks. “So I figure you must’ve taken after someone else.”
, because it was made of lead, or copper, something like that, highly marketable at the time. Soon the crisis became complete decline, and the church was abandoned, even used as a foundry for a short time, then left in ruins until the 19th century, when the sensibility towards preservation changed. And that’s the story.”
“I didn’t mean what I said about Bucky,” Tony says while Steve undresses him in the bathroom, waiting for the tub to fill with hot water. Tony shivers while he lowers himself into it, feels his skin prickle with the change in temperature.
Tony puts his glasses on and presses the little button on the hinge. “Call Peter,” he says, and Steve hears the line connect. “Come on, come on,” Tony mutters softly while he waits for an answer.
“No, actually, I think they’ve already fucked at least twice, which is honestly impressive and possibly unwise since Barnes got out of cryo, like, the day before yesterday, but what the fuck do I know.”
Tony stayed in the penthouse. He wasn’t an Avenger anymore, but he kept funding the team and upgrading their equipment. Sometimes, he was Iron Man.
“Hey, hey, none of that, come on… stay with me just one minute,” Tony says, and a sense of quiet takes over Steve’s mind through the bond.
“Would you have said it back,” he asks, and he didn’t mean to, it doesn’t even sound like a question because he didn’t mean to ask, he doesn’t really want to know, he…
He hooks his thumbs into the waistband of Tony’s boxers, brings them down while he crouches in front of Tony, urges him to step out of his underwear. He can’t resist placing a kiss on Tony’s thigh. Just above the knee.
They don’t go past kissing, that night. But Steve isn’t shy about caressing and touching him, or about leaving a trail of hickeys across his collarbones. Steve cups his ass with his hands and squeezes, and it feels so good to be touched with so much attention after so long, after, after—
Steve doesn’t touch Tony, but sits close to him and keeps guiding his breathing. When Tony opens his eyes he can’t quite look at Steve, but Steve grabs Tony’s shirt from the floor and offers it to him. Tony puts it on uncertainly.
But he gets a word here and there. He hasn’t forgotten everything from his time in Italy, during the war.
Tony’s entire body shakes, like it’s electrified, and a string of unrepeatable curses comes out of his mouth. Steve presses his tongue in, careful, caressing Tony’s tender skin. This should gross him out, probably, but it just feels— intimate. Like a secret. Like trust.
Tony lifts himself up on his knees, lets Steve slip out of him, mutters, “This isn’t working, fuck everything, where the fuck—,” opens the first drawer of Steve’s bedside table and starts rummaging in it.
“Don’t say that, I… meeting you has meant so much to me. And with all that’s going on, the things we’ll have to face… The, the aliens—”
Dinner proceeds smoothly from there, and Tony lets himself be proud of his cooking when Steve wolfs down everything Tony puts on his plate.
He has thrown up almost every day since the man imprisoned him. His throat isn’t faring so well, much less his teeth, and there are blisters on his tongue, coated with a disgusting white patina he can’t get rid of. The vomit is green and yellow and Tony stares into the toilet while he flushes it and wishes he could throw up his heart and die.
“Come on,” Steve says again when Tony blinks his eyes open and refocuses on what’s happening. “Get these clothes… Come on,” he urges, and again Tony obeys.
But denying himself his own nature is, weirdly, something necessary. Tony owes it to himself. It’s important, this thing he’s doing, so he keeps at it.
Tony is sucking on Steve’s neck, like he often does, and Steve places a hand on Tony’s ass and lifts him up, Tony puts his arms around Steve’s shoulders and his legs around Steve’s hips. Steve turns and presses Tony up against the nearest wall, breathing hard.
He moans, as quietly as possible, and for the fear of losing his erection he squeezes his cock so much that his knuckles whiten with the effort.
Steve cries, silent and still. Tony feels his tears on his skin. Steve’s pain is beyond words. Tony can sense it with his mind: he’s mortified, humiliated, disgusted with himself, and above all sad, but also relieved that he didn’t hurt Tony. Which is exactly how Tony feels about it, too.
And now, now he knows that it’s called bisexuality, Tony and Natasha explained it to him. And it felt good, it felt huge that there were other people like him, that they were allowed to talk about it, that they could.
Steve thinks about his mother, her sad smile, her steadfast dignity. He thinks about Bucky’s hand killing Tony’s mother. He thinks about his own hand on Tony’s throat, and the bruise on his hip. About the cold. About his shield cutting Tony’s flesh, about being filled only with rage and fear.
“I know why you do it. No need to explain,” Tony says, and Steve sinks a bit more into the couch. “But I would like to try something, and I want you to know that I don’t think I can take your rejection right now. So, since I’m… since I feel even more strongly than usual about explicit consent, for some, uh, for some reason, I…” he can’t quite joke about it yet, okay, noted, “I want you to tell me if you don’t want it. Now. Before I do anything… anything unseemly, or, or, well. Untoward.”
It’s not fine, though, not really. The wait, the doubt, they’re starting to consume Steve. He feels tired of the erosion—he can’t replace himself as fast as he could the first days.
There is no scaffold. I expected one. Because of the history books, I guess. But there’s only the stool where I’ll rest my neck, placed directly on the ground. A man is holding an axe.
Tony breathes as deep as he can, but his nose is pressed into Steve’s chest and everything is just...
It startles a gasp out of Steve, Tony’s touch, his callused hand on Steve’s neck, the way his thumb strokes Steve’s jaw, over his beard.
“I’m okay, yes,” then, in a gentler voice, “hey, it was just a dream. I’m here. You ain’t getting rid of me this easy.” He smiles.
but what if what he’s doing is not enough to protect the world, what if everyone will just keep blaming him and hating him because he just screws up over and over, what if Steve… Steve will hate him forever.
He keeps the toy still and pounds into it again and again, until he comes and his knot starts stretching the silicone. He has two hours stuck into this thing to look forward to now, and it would be tragicomic if it didn’t feel so utterly devastating.
They are alone in the living room; everyone else knows better than being found here at a moment like this.
“God—” Steve says, and it’s a whine, a growl, a whimper, all wrenched out of him by Tony pushing into him again, in and out, in and out, in and out.
“Yes. Maria and I would beg my uncle to get us scores of the latest pop songs when he went into the city, it was more fun than practicing with classical pieces.”
Still. No one asks, no one comments, no one hints, except for Stephen one night saying, hesitantly, “Would you like me to…” to which Tony replies with a calm, “No,” and that’s the end of it. But everyone knows.
Tony opens his mouth just enough for Steve to catch his bottom lip between his, suck on it with the barest hint of teeth.
He doesn’t ask if she’s his. He doesn’t insult Tony like that. And he knows she’s his; she can only be his. She smells like him from a whole floor away, and Tony still smells like him. The bite on his shoulder stings.
Tony’s words bite, but his voice is calm. He huffs a laugh, because that’s what his brain usually comes up with in these situations.
So when it finally happens, it’s not really a surprise. They’re in the gym, sparring, and everything seems normal until they’re both on the floor, Steve on his back, Tony on top of him between his legs. But instead of trying some move to keep Steve from freeing himself, instead of scrambling to his feet, instead of doing any of the million things Tony could do in a situation like this– Tony sets his jaw, braces his hands on the floor on both sides of Steve’s head, takes a deep breath through his nose, and presses his hips into Steve’s.
Steve mouths at Tony’s cock through the fabric, brushing his lips against it as Tony tries to commit the sensation to memory as best he can, cataloging it for future use, before it hits him, how crazy it is for Steve to be doing this to him instead of forcing Tony to his knees and ordering him to part his lips, even though Steve never gave any indication of being the type of Alpha that would do or like that sort of thing, that would revel in coerced submission.
With very quick movements Steve gets up from the bed and takes Tony with him, keeps him impaled on his cock. He turns, walks a few steps, shoves Tony up against a wall and fucks into him again, fast and deep.
And this church, it touches eternity. Like all those other old places Steve has never been to, it’s connected to them, linked to them by a bond between all things created by humans, across time and across space.
“I’m sorry I punched you. And that I called you Cap,” Tony says while he crawls into bed next to Steve. He buries his face into the hollow of Steve’s throat, and he feels Steve’s reply pressed against his cheek, besides hearing it.
He thinks about Tony’s smile in the sun, his clever eyes, the faint wooden scent of his expensive soap, his sweat—coconut. His hair, his beard, his hands. His hips.
She calms down after a while. Steve guides her face to his neck, and maybe he doesn’t smell like happy-mated-bonded-Alpha dad, but he still smells like
Steve moves fast: has Tony lay on his side, keeps his fingers buried in him, swallows Tony’s cock down. Tony regains some brain function and gets Steve’s hint, starts moving his hips and fucks Steve’s face, fucks himself on Steve’s fingers. Steve hears him scream at some point, sob; looks up and sees Tony crying.
Running through a patch of sunflowers now, Steve thinks about how here, despite Tony’s initial reticence, talking is still possible, with no pressure, no violence. Here, Steve can apologize, draw for Tony and make him laugh.
He dreams of considering the room, the position of the concrete columns, the wind gusting in from outside, of calculating the angles. He dreams of picking up the shield, of kneeling in the middle of the room, over Tony’s blood—he doesn’t deserve to die standing.
Steve twists on his side and curls up against Tony, burrows his face in his chest. Tony caresses his back in long, reassuring strokes. Steve breathes in his scent, wood and coconut, and a light undertone of bleach and garlic, both stubbornly clinging to Tony’s fingers from last night.
The worry that Catalina was right sat on his chest like a rock, squeezing out the breath in his chest and he grit his teeth and snarled away the threat of tears. He was overwhelmed by the sweltering heat in the tent as he struggled to take a full breath. He couldn’t help the small sob of relief as cool hands touched his brow but he did his best to choke it down anyway.
"It's a private school in Geneva, Switzerland. Unlike the Nazis they believe there is great value in devoting much of their curriculum to the sciences. They have many wonderful instructors who are experts in their fields. It’s more than I could teach you -"
Trading a wary glance with him Stefen opened his mouth to call out to the person seeking entry to wait just a moment, but the knob on the door was already twisting, and a moment later a small blond head of curls appeared, the rest of Sara's s cherub like frame following not far behind.
“Yes, Sir?” An odd answer, but perhaps some time alone with his thoughts would be in Péter’s best interest.
He wasn’t sure how to answer that. There was a part of Bucky that was looking forward to returning to work, for however long he would have it. His business had suffered since the onset of Anschluss. The German public had a low opinion of music and other forms of "frivolous" entertainment, now that the Reich was urging the people to focus on what they considered far nobler pursuits.
“Yep, it was a painfully terrible death. Spider bites are not to be trifled with,” Herr Stark warned cheerily as he punctuated his point with his spoon. Artur's lower lip began to tremble and he looked back and forth between Steve and the monk, his eyes wide.
He went stiff when he heard his door creak open, only relaxing when he heard the sound of a quiet voice calling his name.
No! Steve’s heart sank with despair as her words sank in, a swell of desperation rising in response as he began to shake his head, push at the fertilizer covering his legs. No! Steve had to get on that train! He had to get to his family.
It helped nothing that he was sticking so close to home, haunting the halls like an angry specter all hours of the day and night, somehow managing to be everywhere she looked over her shoulder.  It had the children terrified to so much as sneeze. Her own nerves weren't holding up much better.
“I have a favor, two favors to ask of you. I’ve been invited, commanded really, to attend a dinner in Berlin. Anton Vankov is the guest of honor, he is a chief researcher in the Ahnenerbe. They’ve returned from an expedition in Italy -” he faltered slightly, noticing the dark expression that had taken residence on Tony’s face. His eyes searched Tony’s a moment more. “Are you familiar with Herr Vonkov’s work?”
If not for their expensive clothes and polished manners Tony was sure that he and the children would have been mistaken for a bunch of country yokels what with the unabashed awe holding them all in grip. It couldn’t be helped though, what with the children never having been outside Salzburg and as the countryside slowly disappeared and the sprawling arms of Austria’s urban capital enveloped them, it couldn’t have been clearer that they weren’t in Salzburg anymore.
Sam snorted, his eyes traveling over empty stores and their facades littered with Reich propaganda but he was silent on the issue the short distance to the station and Steve was grateful for it.
After a few minutes more of chase Ian appeared on Tony’s other side, out of breath and dragging his bicycle dejectedly. He didn’t say a word as he plodded alongside them dragging his feet and stealing puppy dog glances at Tony, but Tony knew what he wanted.
“I’ll go. Please. They’ll never have to know I was here.”  he croaked, wincing at the returning tickle and the threat of another coughing fit.
“No. No vati, I want you.” As Artur’s voice trailed out into full on wailing. Steve scooped him up and held him close to his chest, heart clenching painful in his chest.
"Though not to meet a fIancé I imagine, with the way you came to my rescue." she murmured into her cup and Tony's lips twisted in a wry smile.
It was silent again for a moment, while the three of them thought on it. On the risks and what it would all mean if they succeeded and if they failed.
Anxiously eyeing Pietro's back as he and his sister left the room with the others, Péter couldn't think of an excuse fast enough to avoid the talk and Tony seemed to sense it.
Tony stared at the captain’s last letter as if the hundredth read would move the ink and rearrange the words into something less damning. But they stayed they same, their meaning unmistakble and their implications making a mockery of Tony as he wrestled with a feeling inexplicably close to betrayal, a feeling as damning as it was ludicrous, given whose house he was living in. Rogers was an officer of the Reich and he had not forgotten that.
“Vati isn’t here. Go on, you heard me.” Magda chided, bending down and maneuvering the man’s arms across his chest. She scooped underneath his armpits and lifted him up, grunting under the effort. He was completely dead weight and heavier even than he’d looked. She huffed underneath him, straining.
Still he was exhausted and nothing short of the second coming was going to pull him out of bed before noon.
Bucky blinked. The war had riddled Steve’s mind so full of holes that he’d nearly murdered Stark, and he
Tony bit his tongue and forced the words to stop. He couldn’t look at Stefen (not after that) so he focused on his work instead, only he couldn’t really see any of the numbers anymore and there was a sharp pain in his mouth (like maybe he’d bit down too hard) but he could barely feel that either, over the more demanding pains in his chest.
He pulled away, but didn’t go far, content to watch the way the black of Stefen’s pupils swallowed the blue and soak in the sounds of his short quiet breathes and marvel at what a miraculous turn his life had taken.
Steve had helped with the rebuild, pouring his efforts into social reform while navigating the turbulent waters of Austria’s fractured government; but he’d always felt as if he should have done more. Peggy had warned him he’d run himself into the grave carrying the world on his shoulders, and in the back of his mind he’d privately thought she’d be right. He still wished sometimes that she had been, and that the damned fever would have taken him and not her.
Stefen had gone rigid against her, every inch of his body radiating tension next to hers. It was enough to still whatever pleasantries Charlotte might have offered to the conversation. She watched warily as the two men continued their interaction, keen to jump in if necessary.
For a frantic moment Steve tried to recall the date, before becoming angry with himself and banishing the thought.
Of course, their Captain was too busy to deal with the matter himself, but that didn't mean the task wasn't of the most critical importance. The complaint had been registered, the army properly notified, and an investigation imminent. If there was a question of Major Rogers loyalty then it must be answered, and answered with swiftness, but a man of his reputation and influence must be handled delicately. Given Hammer’s unsavory record, they needed evidence to support his claims before they brought their report to Herr General Schmitt. Stevens hadn't failed his captain in a task he'd been set out yet. He wouldn't start with this one.
He’d been surprised by the captain’s curriculum, its emphasis on maths and sciences rather than the socialists beloved racial history and ‘character building’ courses, but he’d almost have welcomed them if only  to stave off the mind numbing endeavor that was educating children who had no interest in an education.
The other boys in his unit respected Ian and the girls in the league didn't have to ask if he was really Captain Rogers son, because nothing could have been more obvious.
The children looked absolutely enchanted by the idea. Maria’s eyes sparkled as she nodded with the resolution of a soldier given orders to march. She and Tony were such a pair, grinning at one another from across the table and for the first time in a long while Steve's hands itched for his charcoals. But the beautiful sight was soiled by Tony turning just so, the shadows flickering over his face becoming contusions and wounds. It was the same with Maria, bruises going up her arms and legs from where the men had grabbed her. The change happened so quickly from one moment to the next it was hard for him to know which version of them was real.
“For weeks yet.” Steve grunted, sobering at the thought. “You don’t need to tag along to every destination, Charlotte. If you need to go home for a while I wouldn’t hold it against you.”
“I think Frou Hogan took the little ones for a bath.” Péter offered helpfully even as he scrambled to follow.
But from the minute that he and Nonno had approached the teller’s desk, Tony could tell that they were going to be disappointed.
He’d remember the coldness and how trying to pay attention to the conversation was like trying to hear while underwater. He wouldn’t remember stopping Bucky – who was all for going ahead with the plan anyways, even without the expected back up – or how his voice cracked when he’d commanded him, physically and loudly, to stand the hell down. It was still a mercy really that he couldn’t remember the look of betrayal on Bucky’s face as the hopelessness had set in.
, Natacha, to understand how important you are to your father and I. It would destroy us if something happened to you.”
“It could also mean the end of cold and a monumental leap forward for industry, not to mention medical research. This would advance society in ways we previously could never have imagined.” Tony insisted passionately.
She knew what war was. She’d seen what it had done to her father, even though he liked to pretend that she was still his little girl, too innocent to understand what it meant when he shook and screamed and forgot where he was.
Tony’s knees shook, not with fear but with rage. The effort it took not to lash out and damn the consequences, took all his strength and left little room for anything else. One wrong move, and Tony was sure Stanislov’s man would have a nasty surprise waiting for him, and Obi would make good on his threats. He’d shove Tony in some private hell and do his damndest to force Tony to churn out designs and weapons. The reason he hadn’t already? That was the key.
“I can hit a bullseye upside down with me eyes closed. Every time.” Clint replied, sticking his lean upper body through the open space.
They had originally planned to part ways as soon as they arrived, as to limit the danger to their traveling companions, but given the circumstances Steve was grateful Luzzato had brought them along. He could feel Ian shivering under his arm, despite the moderate temperatures. The children needed to get warm and fed, or else he worried they would become sick.
And still, like the hardy little candles he used to light in the choir room at the abbey, there was a flame burning within his chest, a desperate voice within Tony that insisted Stefen was exactly his kind. That the two of them could make some sort of pair and he was wrong to think so poorly of him now.
"We mustn't let the men think that we are easily beaten or easily impressed. Where is the fun in that?" she declared with a wink for Natacha. Natacha beamed and nodded. The mayor and his group of socialites tittered.
Also, due to computer loss and working off an outdated set of notes several details (mainly some points in geography, physical descriptions, and the children's ages) got muddied in the last chapter. We've corrected them, but thought we'd give a heads up. You're not crazy.
He took in a deep shuddering breath and blinked until her face melted away, unable to stand seeing Rachol behind his eyelids a second longer. He looked at Steve one final time.
“Can we count on Kirk?” Stefen asked. “Kirk captains a merchant ship. He has helped us in the past.” He explained, turning slightly toward Tony. Tony nodded, mind working quickly to track the conversation. He remembered the name.
A blond nurse strode into the room, heels clacking. She barely paused, cool black eyes Steve had had the displeasure of seeing up close, flickering over them. Always watching.
“Péter?” Bucky demanded. He looked very confused. It made her want to laugh. She almost did, but she caught it in time.
“Natacha?” The captain began and the girl turned sharp blue eyes on her father and mumbled through tight lips.
His nonna had tried to warn him, hadn’t she? His poor nonna. She hadn’t seen him in two decades and Tony was all that was left of his mother. He'd promised her he'd come to her soon, but he'd prioritized the Captain and his children - thinking of them as family too, when he knew better.  His family was gone. All that was left for him was waiting in Pola.
He felt it again when they rode the train up to the Green Prater and had lunch in a little garden café in the shade of the chestnut trees. There were two peasant boys in lederhosen playing the zither, singing love songs about pretty eyes and pretty mouths on prettier girls, and all Steve could do was look at Tony with the flush of summer high in his cheeks as he clapped along to the music with Sara.
“I have something for you,” he announced, deciding right in the moment that now was the time. Grinning sheepishly, he leaned back on his heels, regrettably losing the warmth of Stefen’s hands on his skin, to dig into the pocket of his trousers for the little wrapped box he’d been carrying around with him for days.
The three of them stilled when they heard the sound of voices floating up the stairs from somewhere in the hall below. Wanda sucked in a breath and Tony shot back into action, lifting the sheet covering the radio and gesturing franticly to the empty space under the table.
Father never liked to be bothered with any of Péter’s questions or wanted to help him with experiments the way that Tony did. Sometimes he even got the feeling that his father was embarrassed by him. No one wanted a skinny weakling for a son who would rather be learning about gravity than learning to throw a punch.
“That takes us out of it doesn’t it?” Bucky pointed out with a sneer, crossing his arms over his chest and arching a challenging eyebrow in Coulson’s direction.
The man who had brought him to the study didn’t leave when Stanislov waved Tony further into the room from the highbacked chair sat beside the fireplace. Instead he went and poured two glasses from the decanter on the edge of the desk, handing Obi a glass and failing to offer Tony any as he settled himself to watch the two of them, smirking all the while.
“We ought to go hiking again soon.” She said slowly. “The little ones need to get used to the outdoors.”
Johann, still sore with Péter for calling him out in front of the girls in Vienna, seemed determined to remind Péter that he was by everyone's definition an undesirable waste of space.
While Stefen went to handle whatever his business was, Tony headed immediately for the bookshelf in the corner where books and magazines were for sale, searching carefully through their titles and covers but not finding another copy of the one in the window.
"How are Cameron and Daniel?" he asked his daughter, who was watching them closely from where she sat, primly drinking from her mug.
She nodded eagerly and scampered off towards the excitement and Tony watched her fondly for a moment before he turned his attention back to the boys.
Maria bit her lip anxiously, staying quiet, but it didn’t take Tony’s level of intelligence to read her mind and James promptly followed Artur’s announcement by demanding to share the bed with Uncle Bucky and refusing to share one with Ian whom he insisted hogged covers. Ian immediately insisted that he ‘
“When you wrote you were coming home I did not expect you to wrap up things in Vienna so quickly. I’m afraid it will take Willimina some time to get a proper meal on the table.” The contrast between it and the open friendliness she’d displayed only moments before was startling, but not alarming considering that Steve could hear even now what he recognized as Hammer’s hurried footfall.
Stefen gave him a suspicious look and Tony grinned because he'd always liked clever people. Not that it mattered. Stefen was too polite to risk offending his memories.
“I’ll let you in on a secret.” James looked up, starting to wriggle as gravity came back into play and the water was low enough for him to stand on his own. “You irritate him too.”
“No. The boy saved his life. The dragon wouldn’t hurt him.” Ian insisted, glancing uncertainly back at his father. “Right?”
The need to latch onto it, to hold Ian as tightly as he could, was as fierce as it was unexpected. Under the water his fingers skimmed over the knobs of the boy’s spine, propping him up in the water.
“It’s alright James. I’m not mad anymore, and I’m sorry I hit you.” Artur assured him quickly from where he stood nervously behind Ian. “Will the stones help?” he asked looking up at Ian, referring to the small ones that Tony had taught the children to heat up in the coals of the fire to warm the beds at night.
“It's a music lesson! We're not that busy, Stevie.” Bucky heard himself say. James’ eyes sparked with hope and Bucky, remembering Artur’s fear and the way Péter had gripped his knife, committed himself. He waved his hand nonchalantly as if he weren’t lying through his teeth. “I've been itching to play anyway.”
“My place is with my men.” Steve broke in, his anger just beginning to gain traction from his shock.
Gypsy. Tony's mind supplied over the fearful pounding of his heart as he reached the child who was banging her fisted hands against the floor and screaming at the top of her lungs.
“And he says I was the one raised by wolves.” Bucky added, purposely saying so with a mouth full of ham.
“He hasn’t felt himself all week, but yesterday he took a turn for the worst.” Charlotte explained, setting gentle hands on Péter’s shoulders. “Why don’t you go get cleaned up and get some sleep? When he’s awake in the morning, I’m sure seeing you will boost his spirits.”
"Sto bene, Stefen," Tony murmured ardently in reply with a dry swallow. Something about the motion of his throat caught the captain's eye and it wasn’t until he heard the quick intake of his own breath and he saw the faint flush of blood creep up Stefen’s neck, that he realized that the music from Bakhuizen’s violin had gone abruptly quiet.
He hung the wool coverings Tony had made them by the fireplace and set a dozen stones on the grate to heat. He prepared, and he watched, and he waited.
“You’re the worst monk I’ve ever met.” Stefen chuckled lowly, breath hitching as Tony shifted purposefully in his lap. “And you’re a tease.”
"It's no good. They'll follow on foot, and they'll have dogs." She finally seemed to decide. "I heard the men talking about how they will split us up and send us to families who will groom us to be good Germans."
Steve reeled back as if he'd been slapped, but then he was back at the door again pounding on the thick doors with one closed fist.
“The old girl’s running better than she ever was. We had a terrible time with the engine, didn’t we Pete? More dust in that thing than…”
Father was being called back to active duty, effective immediately. It could only mean one thing. But father shook his head and denied it.
“The International School of Geneva. They’re well known for their programs in the sciences and they also have a university level program dedicated to research that he can graduate into.” Tony explained.
“A week ago I received a letter from Captain Rogers,” Nik explained, looking unimpressed with Tony’s hesitance. “He is looking for a tutor and companion for his children and wondered if the abbey had any educated Brothers who would be up to the task.”
"This is Péter Maximoff and his sister Anya. They're part of a new act James is putting together. I'm sure he must have -"
Bucky’d said that to him when Steve had told him he wanted to build Peggy a house. It was something the uncles would have said. He hadn’t been wrong.
“Who do you think my orders came from?” Carol shot back with an apologetic grimace. “Big Brother is the one calling the shots here, I’m just a taxi. Odinburg authorized the mining if it makes you feel any better. It’s get in and get out, and they don’t expect much trouble.”
“No doubt it is a well-deserved rest. Seven children!” Tony scoffed, scandalized and Nik prattled over him as if he hadn’t spoken.
“Stark is there some point to all this?” Rogers interrupted with a sigh and Tony blinked at him as if surprised to still see him standing there.
“A helpful citizen left an anonymous tip they’d seen a pair of gypsy children here,” Hammer, the giant rat, explained with a sniff, his eyes pinned on the attic door. Tony’s heart hammered but he kept his expression as calm as he could, but for the widening of his eyes.
The hard edge of the sill pressed into his chest and punched the air from Steve’s lungs, glass cutting into his clothing and the vulnerable skin beneath it as he was dragged over the sill inch by inch.  It was a tight fit and he did end up having to wrench his shoulder, but eventually he was spilling out onto the ground below.
The cafe was familiar and cozy hardly showing the strain of the times and yet Steve, seated in what was once a second home, felt out of place.
“I don’t think that’s true.” Tony began carefully. “It’s just that, when you love someone a lot and then you lose them, it can be hard to talk about them.”
Tony hadn't thought of that, and he couldn’t say it didn’t give him a moment pause; but in the end he knew what Bruce would say and he could guess at what the imprisoned Brothers would as well.
“Taking into account that we started with two apples and the apples are delivered at a rate of twice weekly, four crates a delivery. How many apples can we expect to have at the end of the month if, say, a crate contains ten apples?” Tony asked, looking out over his comatose audience.
With a warning look that the discussion would be returned to, Tony turned on his heel and strode for the stairs. Questioning Stefen would keep long enough to keep his youngest boys from bringing the house down around their heads. News of their visitors ought to spark their curiosity enough to finish getting dressed in a timely manner Tony thought.
He’d gone in search of the only thing he’d known would numb the pain because fuck his responsibilities. Fuck being a good example to the children: these children with their mouths open, eager to have their milk teeth sharpened into fangs and to take their bite of the world. And fuck Antony Eduard Stark, that cowardly hypocrite of hypocrites for just standing there doing nothing while they tortured that old man. Fuck him most of all.
"Are all these men truly necessary Captain?" Lt. Stevens asked, looking around at the line of police vehicles that had filled the drive that morning. There were three of them, at least two officers to each, not including the car that had brought Captain Arnold. It was overkill for a group of children, Deiter thought with distaste, eyes going to the small group huddled on the steps of the Villa in their winter coats. They looked miserable, but Deiter very much doubted their low spirits and red noses could be blamed solely on the cold. Baroness Schrader had been doing her best to cheer them since her arrival, but they'd been melancholy and full of complaints all morning. She was with the youngest boy now, Archer or something like that. She was whispering quietly to him, her gentle hands tucking the blond wisps of his hair beneath his cap.
“So that means you’re staying?” Artur’s blue eyes widening with delight and Stefen remembered what had driven them home in the first place. Despite his reservations about the appropriateness of having his young children so close to dangerous tools, he found himself nodding.
“M-my mother is working.” The girl nodded her head toward the house and Steve frowned. It seemed an ordinary house, neither large nor fancy enough for anyone to bother spending money on staff. There was an inkling in the back of his mind... confirmed when the front door opened, letting out the sound of soft music, and someone laughing from within.  A man stumbled out; his shirt untucked on one side. He looked surprised to find them standing there, but didn’t linger and hurried on his way.
Steve glared at him. His headache pulsing threateningly and sucked in a breath. Perhaps this was some attempt to guilt him into apologizing for being late to dinner of all things-
“Novice actually,” Clinton mumbled, shoving more cake in his mouth but Natacha was looking down, quite focused on pouring coffee for everyone. Tony narrowed his eyes at Clinton in warning.
Stefen had discarded his jacket on the couch tucked unobtrusively against the wall as well as his shoes, the toes of which were poking out from underneath it. There was clutter on the desk in the form of folders (stuffed full of papers and unanswered correspondence) and to Tony's bemusement what looked to be pencils and charcoals.
Tony was probably somewhere getting the others ready while he waited for Ian to come out of hiding. He’d have a gentle smile waiting even though Ian had screamed at his brother and cried like a baby. He might even squeeze Ian’s shoulder and wink at him like he always did when Ian felt this way - like his lungs were trying to take flight and his head was wrapped in a wet blanket. Tony would squeeze his shoulder and wink, like it was their secret (like it was okay, and he’d never tell Da how scared he’d been) and all of that heaviness would all just sort of ease out of Ian. He was tired of feeling heavy.
When the butler had retrieved him from his study, muttering about about the arrival of the monk, he'd expected to find one of the senior monks he’d encountered at the abbey: white haired, kind, if not of blank, expression. He’d thought perhaps, it would even be the collected quiet man he'd met briefly during his meeting with Father Farkas. He'd not been prepared to find the hall empty and to hear music coiling through the hallway like the echo of better days.
Péter gingerly took the journal from Tony’s hands, his eyes widening as they slowly took in the sketches, the equations and schematics, his slender hands turning the pages with delicacy. It was impossible, but it did seem as if Péter understood their importance.
At some point one of Tony’s hands had slid over Stefen’s collar bone to cradle his neck. Stefen stared deeply at Tony even though the monk had lowered his eyes. It was very hard, even after all these years, to talk about his past but he would just have to push past the discomfort. He owed it to Stefen to be no less willing to bare his own wounds than he was asking Stefen to be. That didn’t make this easy, but Stefen reaching up his hand to lay over his was promising as well as heartening.
“I wanted to kiss you earlier in the kitchen. Just like this.” He murmured, brushing his lips over the sensitive skin with one last parting touch before he pulled away, his breathing likely as roughened from continued exertion as it was arousal, but he set his jaw stubbornly and reached for the necklace in Tony’s lap.
Tony honestly had no idea, as Charlotte had taken over putting things together, but before he could say so, Joshua scoffed.
Stark liked the children and the children liked him. Because somehow despite stripping away the rules and structure that Stefen used to govern their lives, the children (for the most part) remained well behaved as well as respectful. Even James.
The captain looked absolutely gobsmacked, as if he had no idea how to handle this woman or hearing his old title used so carelessly and Tony laughed, loud enough to garner stern looks from the sprinkle of other occupants within the sanctuary and the woman smirked.
Soon this would be over. Only, Steve had spent so long focused on the one man he had never had time to stop and think about what came after. Once they’d killed the Führer, one way or another, then what? Would another mad man step into power? There seemed to be no shortage of them these days: Mussolini, Stalin, Himmler, Striker. Cut one head off, would three more spring up in its place?
He made music for her to dance to, taught her how to make a fist, and he gave her a knife he knew she'd use.  He knew what she’d done and the way he loved her hadn’t changed. Tony and Péter looked at her differently now, but
Hello. I apologize for the long wait on this. Life. 2020 ended with a bang for me and then 2021 kept up the party. I wasn't as far along as I intended to be before posting, but with Christopher Plummer's passing, I am feeling a certain way. I have decided to split up what I have and post this smaller segment. I hope you enjoy it.
James hit his side and wrapped his arms around Bucky’s waist, burrowing his nose against the unfamiliar jacket he wore – but it smelled just like the cigarettes that he liked. It was him. James knew it was him. He could feel the others jumping around him, jostling him in their eagerness to see and touch for themselves, but he held on as tight as he could, smearing his hot tears into the rough fabric as he gulped for breath and refused to let go.
The ebb and flow of their voices around the table was surprisingly pleasant. Steve found himself relaxed in a way that he just hadn't been able to feel in a while. It was hard to relax in the company of others, even loved ones (especially loved ones) when one never knew if today was going to be a 'bad day'.
That little matter settled (or not settled at all depending on your view) Bakhuizen called for a pair of cabs so that by the time the large family spilled out of the elevators (and Tony dragged James and Péter away from the attendant whom they were pestering with questions – a bright fellow who as it turned out was studying at the university when not working at the hotel, and whom Tony would really have liked to spend more time except Stefen had misplaced his priorities and insisted they couldn’t be late. As if his sweetheart was going to start without them) and finally made it out the front doors, they were right on schedule for a timely lunch with Baroness Schrader.
“What can I do for you Cap?” Thankfully Tony’s voice betrayed none of his anxiety. Instead Stefen looked like he was the one standing on egg shells.
"No. I just realized what day it is." Tony quickly reassured when Ian looked around alarmed. "February eighth."
“Follow me, Captain.” Signora Santiago interrupted with a short nod, already beginning to walk toward the back of the house.  She was on the taller side for a woman, but Steve still had to fight not to tread on her heels in his urgency. She led him through her parlor room and back into the kitchen, where a pantry was tucked at the rear of the house.
“Tony.” Pepper’s voice called through the fog in his head. The way she said his name, like she knew. As if she might know every last thing battering around in his heart and his head in that moment. He had to bite his lip, a sob welling up in his throat. He was so tired of being afraid.
“Down one maid and Cameron recuperating, I’ve not had the time. Natacha offered to keep an eye on them, bless her.” Pepper sighed. "Should we expect you for breakfast this morning Captain?"
Péter had raised his eyes from the letter in his hands, but his gaze had gone right past the chair where Harry sat and found Tony hovering in the doorway. Their gazes held for a long moment where Péter seemed very lost; until his jaw clenched with resolution and he shoved the letter into his pocket, shifting his gaze back to his friends.
The last one (thankfully) was a little girl all of three who toddled forward belatedly at her siblings prompting with a huge baby toothed grin and failed to introduce herself. According to the embarrassed looking Captain the blond little cherub's name was Sara.
James’ giggles turned hysteric, his face turning red as he clutched his side. Bucky slung an arm around Natacha (who rolled her eyes at him) and looked up to find Stark watching them, his head cocked at Bucky with an inquisitive look swimming in his eyes.
“Why would it be blocked?” The woman fretted below and her husband let out a curse as he gave one last heave, before answering.
He dislodged Charlotte's arm and strode off, Charlotte calling his name behind him, towards where he had last seen her with Artur. She was so small and slight, so shy and quiet. Anyone could have taken her, pulled her away when Artur wasn’t paying attention. Anyone could -
Tony grabbed the wrist of the hand holding him and attempted to pry it loose, snarling back with just as much vehemence even though he was frightened of the slightly unhinged look in Bucky’s eyes. And he had to remember that soldier or not, James Bakhuizen was
Steve’s arms jerked, imagining his hands griping Tony’s waist, pressing against his back. Would his fingers leave bruises? He could be gentle. He could.
Stefen’s mouth turned down in a stubborn frown and he opened his mouth, no doubt to argue but Bucky was quick to back Tony up, and Tony had never been more surprised or more grateful for the man.
“I suppose you think you’re very slick, and that I wouldn’t catch on to what happened back there.” Tony grumbled, shrugging out of his jacket and slinging it onto the couch where the staff had stacked the boxes and bags they’d sent ahead.
The little boy was already at his side, practically wiggling with excitement. It was the most he'd ever looked like Artur.
Tony had been the first to work that out, and Natacha had caught on. The fact that she hadn't attempted to feed him once since this whole ordeal started told him what Tony was attempting to conceal. When Steve looked at his daughter with her hands clenched in her lap and worry tightening the lines of her face, he knew for once exactly what she needed to hear.
His hands shook as he searched the jars of preserves Willamina had stacked in the back of the pantry, squinting to read her loopy handwriting on the labels.  He wondered if it would do any good telling Uncle Bucky that soup wasn't proper medicine. They should call for the doctor again, make him stay until he'd figured out what was wrong with father.
The ward filled with screams as men ducked for cover. Something big came hurling through a nearby window in a shatter of glass.
The man moved above him, leaned close, his blurred shape shifting as he drew closer. Not Schmidt – he hazily thought as he tried to focus on his attackers features through his blurred vision. The man’s lips were moving he realized, but there was sharp painful ringing filling Steve’s ears, so it was a moment before he heard anything at all. And when he did it was muffled, under water, because he was sinking.
“I disagree,” Tony mused, holding her gaze. “Survival alone is merely reaction and adaption to one’s circumstances. You’re a lot of things, but passive is not one of them and you’re certainly more than smoke.”
Words beat at his skull and tore at him to be released, but all he could manage through his broken throat was Péter's name.
Two days was not nearly long enough to show someone the depth of love a human heart could hold for them.
This is Freddie broadcasting live from the Castle, reaching out to our kin at the INN. Auntie’s condition worsens. Funeral arrangements have been made. Flowers will need picking up at the High St. shop. Wendy arrives on the 25
Maybe that was true for many, but Tony had met enough for whom it wasn’t, and for whom the test of years and ever changing public attitudes had changed little.
He’d been in charge of the mountain men during the war, and he was not one of those pencil pushing Generals who never left their desk and handled the men like they were just dots on a map. He was a good man and a good leader.
Every intrepid note that Stefen plucked brought smiles to the faces of his audience and enthusiastic claps started up as Bucky joined in with his violin to make the notes soar. Harold grabbed Pepper by the hand and the two began to dance a very wobbly version of the Ländler. The chauffer had too much beer in his system to be anything approaching smooth, but their happy smiles and gay laughter inspired a few others to join in. It was obvious to the ear that Stefen was out of practice, but just as Bucky had predicted nobody seemed to mind it one bit.
"It makes me happy to see you lose your mind Stevie," he said with a chuckle, still in Romany. "Makes me feel less alone. I'll speak to Jann. She'll get the twins here, but what will we do then?"
As he’d hoped, words that would have had Father Niklas glowering and accusing Tony of all sorts of vanity and arrogance had James grinning with a wicked sort of delight and a chorus of hesitant snickers and giggles coming from the others. Natacha was the only one who remained silent. The girl watched him with the blankest of expressions.
