“Woah, wait, hold on!” John interjected, lifting his hands over the coffee table as he bounced to the edge of his seat. “You’re not gonna explain...any of that?” He waved a hand between them, Irene’s brow lifting while Lestrade only frowned.
“Just do it!” Lestrade spat, turning along with John as a clicking sound approached the door behind them.
She smiled at him, nodding briefly at the acknowledgement, but John called her back, something suddenly occurring to him.
They walked up the narrow corridor in silence, the sounds of familiar laughter and mocking growing louder as they neared the threshold of the restaurant’s main room, and Sherlock subtly slowed just before they broke into view, letting John lead the way into the unfamiliar territory.
“Wait, you get
“Yeah. Yeah, I know. Thanks, Molly,” he mumbled, the girl’s smile nearly audible in the quiet.
One of the boys in the year above him had tripped him during break near the beginning of the year, he and his friends drifting away in a chorus of laughter as Sherlock peeled himself up off the concrete, and then there was a pair of trainers in his vision—red with dirty white laces, the frayed tips splaying out sloppily against the cold grey stone.
“Daphne,” John supplied, and somehow he was now the one smiling while Sherlock glared. “And I dunno,” he muttered lightly, shrugging. “I look alright in purple.” He grinned up at Sherlock, laughing when the detective rolled his eyes.
, of all times.
John turned, and Sherlock watched his face for a moment before turning himself, registering the boy’s reaction. Confusion, recognition, surprise, happiness. “Sarah!?”
“Father’s thinking somewhere tropical,” Victor was saying, shrugging a shoulder, apparently oblivious to Sherlock’s indifference, the man looking down into his water glass like he could will it to show him the future, “but I’m not so sure. May’s a tricky time weather-wise.”
my throat’s still sore?” he asked instead, and John laughed.
Sherlock considered he might be choking on a chip, but it was just his throat constricting. He didn’t say anything, though, didn’t even attempt to, and, after a minute, John continued.
“Blood,” Sherlock said in a delighted whisper, his eyebrows rising up into his hair. He twisted abruptly, stepping back into the room, and John and Greg exchanged a curious glance before following after him.
He’d grown up wealthy, his family still owning a sizable estate in Sussex, but had never spent much time there, living at various boarding schools in London all the way up until university, sometimes even through the summer holidays. He was never at one school for too long, however, managing to get himself expelled for reasons ranging from talking back to teachers to setting the chemistry lab on fire, and John wasn’t sure he’d ever laughed so hard in his life, choking on cherry cola in what he was sure was an appallingly unattractive fashion. Sherlock didn’t seem to mind, though, simply smiling at him as John struggled to compose himself, and then went on, talking about his brother—seven years his senior and currently working for the government—and his parents—both of them now deceased, although he’d shrugged off John’s awkward sympathy.
different, how unprepared he truly was for this kind of thing when John Watson was the other half of his pair. Yes, there were the physical responses that were rather new, but other things unsettled him so much more, not in the least because they didn’t really unsettle him at all.
“It would be my pleasure, Your Majesty,” Molly said, and the queen nodded her leave, all of them bowing in reply as she exited.
“For Christmas?” Sherlock asked, and John nodded. “But that’s next week.”
His eyes were so blue, so focused, and Sherlock wondered if this was what other people felt like when he was looking at them, like they were being dissected, their secrets sliced out and splayed under a microscope.
Sherlock did not reply, not aloud, at least, but he must have done something, as, a moment later, the blond man continued.
“Your places are marked,” Anderson snapped from behind them, Greg rolling his eyes and muttering something uncharitable as they all made their way inside to search for their seats.
Lestrade laughed, pointing at John with a quirk of his head. “Will do. See you soon, I’m sure.”
Sherlock gave him a small sidelong smile. “Maybe that will teach you to doubt my skillset in the future.”
“He’s 24 now.”
John’s jaw clicked. “Is there a message you want me to take, or-”
“What about you?” John said after a beat, his nerves meddling with his manners.
“I don’t know!” Sherlock cried, quivering hand running through his hair, and John startled back. “I don’t know, I-”
“You could come down here, you know!” Sherlock sputtered, but John didn’t answer, only stomping harder on the floor overhead in childish protest. Sherlock glared at the ceiling, shaking his head, but couldn’t quite completely stifle his smile, something Mrs. Watson quickly noticed, giggling mockingly as she tossed a pillowcase at his face. Sherlock felt his cheeks burn, but said nothing, simply moving to a box in the corner of the room to remove a bare pillow, wrangling the pillowcase around the corners and shaking it into place.
“The whole time?”
“I-” he began, mumbling at the ground, but his voice faded away as John stepped forward, suddenly scant feet away.
,” he stressed, giving each of his friends a pointed look, “everyone grab a foil. We’ll be using the honor system today; Carmen isn’t here and I can’t be bothered to set up the body cords myself.”
“You’re supposed to be wearing your shoulder brace,” he muttered, curls bouncing almost comically against his frustrated brow. “The doctor said-”
John cringed. “I was?” he murmured, looking up out of the tops of his downcast eyes.
“He wanted to talk tactics,” Sherlock shrugged. “What was I supposed to do? It’s not like I could refuse to move.”
“We went through the rubbish,” he said, shifting far enough around the barrier of the chair to see a file open on the man’s lap, an array of papers and photographs of faces he’d become all-too-familiar with over the past several months, although the Darth Vader one was new. “Found a tourniquet and some shattered glass. We haven’t tested it yet, but-”
“What’s up?” John asked, and Mary bobbed her head out behind him.
Sherlock tilted his head.
“It’s 6 o’clock,” he snapped back, but quickly yawned again, and John just smiled into his curls.
Okay, so, this won't make a lot of sense to you right now, but it won't do you any good to know at the end. This is the disclaimer I put on the very first chapter: "Just so you know what you're getting into: this is Teenlock, this will be fluffy, this will get sexy (I promise), this will be funny, this will be sad, this will have lots of cases, this will NOT HAVE major character death, but I cannot say the same for major character danger" and I'm going to need you to remember that I have never told you a lie.
“Alright,” Lestrade said, casting John a secret smile as he passed, “let’s get you two out of here. No sense losing an entire Saturday night.”
The buffet was indeed still up, much to John’s delight, and he quickly piled a plate with eggs, potatoes, and breakfast meat before weaving his way over to the table that Sherlock was already seated at. He flopped down on the bench, separating his things from Sherlock’s as he pulled them off the tray. A bottle of orange juice was slid across first, and then John pulled the spare plate he’d grabbed from beneath his mounded dish and began separating out the hot food.
marble,” he muttered, waving a hand down at the floor. “But that’s probably mahogany or something.”
Sherlock flicked his brows, thinking that a solid contender for understatement of the year, and Mike laughed, clapping a hand on his shoulder as he moved toward the door.
“Well, I- I’m glad- I-” His mouth flapped a few more times, his grey eyes blinking beneath furrowed brows as his gaze skittered every which way. “It was no trouble,” he finally said, coughing again. “After all,
“Alright, alright,” Victor interjected, waving a hand, and Sebastian dutifully withdrew while Irene rolled her eyes, she and Sherlock never having had much patience for Victor’s self-awarded authority over the group. “So he’s a bit of a cube,” he muttered, shrugging his shoulders as he turned his head toward where the rugby game was breaking up, the lunch hour nearly over. “He’s not all bad. Wouldn’t’ve gotten through chemistry last semester without him.”
Sherlock sat up, removing his eyes from their fixation on the ceiling to scan around the room. The empty room. His eyebrows furrowed as he searched again, doubting his own senses.
“Margherita?”
“John-”
hang up first!” he mocked, his voice shrill and breathy, and Sherlock laughed even as he felt a physically impossible fissure spread across his heart.
“I can do it, Sherlock!”
He rattled his head, calling his consciousness back to the sounds John’s moving lips were making.
“Because it’s pouring outside,” John answered, his voice drifting in from the kitchen, accented by clinks of ceramic mugs on granite countertops, “and you don’t have an umbrella.”
, Sherlock!” Lestrade barreled on, and Sherlock turned to Mycroft, finding the blood traitor conveniently avoiding his eyes. “Even just having someone to talk to. I brought you that jacket because I thought it would
He nodded. “With His Highness’s blessing,” he added, waving a hand at John when it slid from Jeanette’s gentle grip.
“Nothing,” John croaked, shaking his head for no one as he cleared his throat. “Nothing, Sherlock- Sherlock’s fine, he’s-he’s not here. I- Mycroft, it’s Moran.”
“What? No, I-”
“That was freaking me out in
As it was, however, they broke apart with a gentle click, Sherlock’s fingers trailing off John’s chin as he withdrew to find blue eyes blinking blearily up at him. He opened his mouth, panic beginning to spin in his gut, but before he could mutter some apology or excuse he’d regret later, a barrage of fireworks lit the sky, and they both turned away to the spinning spirals and flashes. A moment later, though, John took his hand, and he supposed that was reassurance enough.
Snarling at the empty carton, he crumpled it up in a fist, tossing it aside into the bin as he stepped out the cafeteria doors, scanning the crowd of people enjoying their lunch break outside and wondering if he could possibly escape unnoticed in the chaos.
“I was four!”
“How can you
“Can we narrow this conversation down to two people, please?” John snapped, waving a hand between his chest and Sherlock’s, and Sherlock laughed, watching as Irene threw her hands in the air, turning around and walking with Molly back toward the stairs. John huffed an exasperated sigh, shaking his head after them, and then looked back to Sherlock, eyebrows lifting expectantly.
to wear, but some of us have
“I came over to give Mike the debit card,” he said softly, Sergeant Donovan no doubt still circling. “He put it in the drawer while I was there.”
“I almost didn’t come over,” she said as they pulled apart, their arms—thankfully—falling back to their separate sides. “I wasn’t sure it was you.”
“I’m serious!” Sherlock blurted, eyes searching frantically around, and then alighted on the letter. “Here, I’ll prove it to you!” he urged, flattening the note on the table as he put Molly on speaker, finding the camera function and lining the lens up. “He left me a note. I’ll take a picture and-and-” He faded off, frowning down at the notebook page, his eyes skittering over the words.
for three days, I might get to decide what I do or do not
But it never came, John’s silhouette whole and unharmed as it stood against the beam of white light, and Sherlock stepped out, peering around John’s shoulder at the figure on the other end of the gun.
to complain about this year, no sir!”
Sherlock probably didn’t know, but he made a vaguely affirmative gesture with his head, and John could now see him quite clearly, his expression still and waiting.
A cool breeze whipped down across the concrete, channeled around the corner of the brick school building to where they loitered between a side door and the fences surrounding the sports pitch, and Sherlock shrugged his shoulders against the chill, regretting unzipping his leather jacket, the plain white t-shirt underneath doing little to block the wind.
“And sweetbreads?”
“What- How does that- Does he even
littered,” he assured, and John’s laugh vaulted over the patterned acoustic tiles in the ceiling.
John shook his head at her confusion. “She didn’t. We don’t really talk much though.” At all, he knew his eyes were conveying, and Harry nodded ruefully.
it, but it was out there now, hovering thick in the air around them. John coughed. “I should go check on him though,” he muttered, rising from the bench and grabbing his shoulder bag. “Just in case.”
“Well…I don’t really know.” John frowned down at the floor between his knees. “It was just a feeling, I guess. He just seemed a bit…eager.”
him, but now, his hand lifting to Sherlock’s neck as he none too gingerly parted the man’s lips with his tongue, he realized how much he’d missed it. And yet…
“Sherlock will figure it out,” he muttered, and Moran felt the familiar twist in his gut at the mention of the name. “Oh, and you can call me Jim,” he continued, his smile warm like blood on a knife’s edge. “All my friends call me Jim.”
“Not at all?”
“My what?” he muttered, and the man’s eyes darted between them, an anxious wrinkle forming between his brows.
It wasn’t a kiss so much as a force of nature, a hurricane incarnate, and it was all John could do just to keep his head aloft, riding out the gale until the trembling he could feel building in the man’s limbs finally overtook him, Sherlock’s mouth quivering with a sob as it slipped free of John’s lips. His forehead fell to John’s shoulder as his fingers latched onto the white t-shirt over his chest, nails scraping at the skin underneath, and he wrenched at the fabric, weeping into the cotton as John leaned them both back across the sofa, his head propped up by the arm while Sherlock lay on his chest.
“John,” Sherlock hissed, his stinging eyes meeting searching blue ones, “leave it alone.” He tried to keep his expression in check, but the moment was already out of his hands, and he watched the understanding crest in John’s eyes, his tan skin paling as his grip grew slack.
John had let it go at that for a time, though he was never in the same room with Victor again, but when, six months later, Sherlock revealed that Victor had asked him to move in at the end of his lease, a half-year’s worth of outrage came pouring out in curses so creative, Sherlock heard Mrs. Hudson drop a dish downstairs.
“Huh,” she mused, regaining control of herself, “funny we haven’t run into you before, then. John and I take a lot of chemistry classes. That’s how we met, actually,” she added, turning to Irene to include her in the information. “We had biochemistry together last semester.”
Sherlock shrugged again. “If you like. Mrs. Hudson was right about The Body Shop down the street. Although, they might have something here. Candles in the shape of Disney characters or something.”
“Why?”
Eventually, he looked up, smiling gently beneath bright grey eyes, and twisted the jacket over his shoulders, leaning forward to let the back unfurl, revealing John’s surname pressed against his spine. “Thanks,” he mumbled, wriggling his arms into the sleeves, which were simultaneously comically wide and at least three inches too short. He didn’t seem to mind, though, settling back down into the beanbag to bring his head level with John’s shoulder, and John didn’t dare do anything but nod in reply, no idea what his voice would come out like at the moment.
“All the tupperware was in the fridge!” Sherlock contested, an old argument he thought he’d won, or maybe John just hadn’t bothered putting up a fight, shaking his head with a puff of a chuckle.
Serves him right, the git.
“Oh, that’s John,” she said, gesturing at him with a flick of her fingers that quickly shifted to tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. “He started on Monday. He’s very nice.”
John smiled across at him around the lip of his coke can. “You won’t be the only one who doesn’t show up,” he replied. “And Mr. Calvin likes
Sherlock grimaced in disgust, and John laughed again, nudging him fondly on the arm as they walked, and, as Sherlock watched him, cheeks still reddened from the snow, fluorescent lights flickering off the water still caught in his hair, he knew John would never forgive him, knew it just as certainly as he knew he didn’t care, because there was nothing,
John searched over his stunned expression, his own slowly contorting with confusion. “What?” he asked, tilting his head.
“No, this is not a- It’s not about that,” John snipped, blushing brightly as he shook his head. “I-I just- You’re 19.”
“So,” John clipped, clapping his hands together, an audible signal of the topic change, “how much more packing do you need to do.”
John chuckled, never ceasing to be amused by Sherlock’s morning routine on the days John was forced or begged into taking an early shift at the café. “What’s the story, morning glory?” he joked, and Sherlock, wearing only a sheet and a scowl, grunted at him, squinting against the lights as he shimmied up to sitting on the bathroom counter. John smiled, watching as the man slowly adjusted to the brightness, one pale hand lifting to scratch at his unruly mop of curls. “You don’t have to get up with me, you know,” he said, just like he always did, and, equally true to form, Sherlock nodded.
There were lots of things Sherlock didn’t know, but one thing he had no doubt of was that he would never get used to kissing John Watson. He was just so
“I-I didn’t want- Fuck,” John hissed, planting his hands on his hips as he looked aimlessly out over the lawn. “I’m sorry, I- This isn’t how I wanted-” He shook his head, bowing his face to the ground as he pinched over the bridge of his nose.
“Why are you knocking?” Sherlock’s voice replied, quick and sharp, and John startled back at the closeness of it.
He’d been dreaming, he remembered, although most of the details were still fuzzy, but he was sure there had been fire, the vivid orange and yellow burning so bright behind his eyelids, he could almost feel the heat of it. Another image overtook the flames as the memory of his dream progressed, the colors swirling together and darkening to scarlet before the rest of the scene came into view, and he tightened his grip on the duvet, a shiver running through him.
and help us tailor-make the experience as much as possible.
Sherlock hummed, reaching forward to snap up one of the triangles, John hovering on the opposite side of the coffee table, a fond smile plucking at his lips.
,” Sherlock sighed, John’s chivalry frustrating as ever, “consider it a thank you gift. For letting me stay here.”
He pinched his eyes tight, turning away from the voice.
Sherlock smiled, chuckling softly as he shook his head out at the chain-link fence in front of them. “I would’ve gotten around to it.”
. “I didn’t say the first one was wrong,” he remarked, and Lyle shrugged a shoulder, the sleeve of his paint-smeared shirt shifting against his dark skin, a few streaks of blue also added to his arm for extra authenticity.
“How can you tell?” Sherlock chuckled, and Molly turned up a withering glare.
“From the illustrious affair we had last semester--will you just get the damn card!?”
Molly and Greg stood in the center of the sofas and chairs spread out in front of the fire, flutes of champagne shifting in their hands as they spoke to a third man Sherlock didn’t recognize, but his attention was pulled away by a server materializing beside him, a tray of bubbling crystal glasses rising into his vision.
The study was the first room, with its three televisions that were apparently incredibly offensive. The lounge came next, yet another room with a fireplace John was quick to point out, and he paused a moment to leaf through the various guides and menus on the table before skittering off again, the main hotel directory open on his palm as he leafed through it.
Interested in a new Sherlock/fandom convention in Minneapolis next summer? Mssmithlove and a glorious gang of geeks are working hard to bring one to life, so please take a hot two minutes to complete
Sherlock twisted his head up toward the door from where he sat on the floor of the laboratory, every pillow and blanket they could spare shoved against the wall behind him in a ramshackle attempt at back support for the upcoming
Something prickled at Sherlock’s mind as he stretched his legs, tangling both of his around the closest of John’s, and then it snapped into place, his eyes blinking open, lashes dancing against John’s skin. “I- You-” he mumbled, and John shifted beneath him, face peering down curiously. “You didn’t-” He moved a hand down John’s chest, sliding toward the blue drawstring, but John deftly snatched his fingers up, interlacing them as he shifted Sherlock’s hand over his heart.
terrible, so-”
“Hey!” a young officer shouted at him as he made to duck under the police tape. “Get back! Nobody’s allowed in here!”
“You ready to order?”
“I’ll look forward to it,” he replied, something indefinable in his voice that made Sherlock’s heartbeat instantly leap into his ears.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, and ‘I’m surrounded by idiots’ may as well have been flashing over his head in neon. “I’ve only been telling you that for a week,” he snapped.
“That’s half the fun!” John exclaimed, tossing his notebook aside to shuffle to the edge of his bed, folding his legs under him and leaning across the aisle.
“Tomorrow,” he echoed, a small huff of amusement greeting the mumbled word.
John blinked. “You do remember what this is for, don’t you?” he asked, and Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“Don’t worry, your boyfriend’s still there,” he teased, John sneering up at him as he zipped his athletic bag, swinging it over his good shoulder before returning to holding the ice pack in place. “You wanna tape that?” Mike asked, pointing up at the ice, but John shook his head.
Not that his current predicament was much more believable, the car stopping in front of the towering face of a grand, historic hotel on the corner of the courtyard to further the point, an army of valets descending on them and sweeping open the doors with a tip of their black hats.
“I-” Sherlock stammered, never content to just let silence lie, but John only smiled, loosening the hold on his hair, but not removing it entirely. “I-I didn’t- I never-” He swallowed, looking more perplexed than John had ever seen him. “I didn’t think it would be like that,” he said slowly, as if he couldn’t believe the truth of his own words. “I- It always seemed so boring.”
“You don’t know I’m hiding in the encyclopedias.”
John nodded, not the slightest bit suspicious, and Sherlock wanted to
is.” He rattled his head as he looked away, lips still twitching as they pressed together. “You- You don’t know what
“Happy?” he snapped, flicking his arms out in gesture, and, though John didn’t quite smile, his expression did soften.
“Bit tall for a cupid,” said another man, unmistakably from across the pond. He was shorter than Sherlock, with bright red hair and warm brown eyes, winter ghosts of freckles splashed over his nose and the arches of his cheeks. “Sean. Good to meet ya.”
“Right,” John agreed with a nod, swallowing hard as he pulled out his uniform. He stared down at it for a moment, the silence thick with tension.
“Because it was none of your business!” Sherlock retorted, spitting with rage. “It
He needed to say something, something cutting and caustic, and John would laugh like he always did and everything would continue as if this had never happened, but for some idiotic reason he blamed on all those years of faking responses to social, flirting cues, he murmured, “Think I’ll live, Doctor?”
There was really nothing for him to say to that, so he sat in silence, watching as Sherlock’s eyes burned toward the window for a moment before settling back to frost.
“Wine?” John asked, watching the pinot noir being lowered on Sherlock’s right.
“No,” John countered, placing his drink on the table as he leaned forward, “I’m a
“I’m telling a story,” he snapped, but Sherlock only quirked a brow. “Haven’t you been listening? The receptionist-”
“And what A-levels are you taking, John? Because I’m polite and make follow-up inquiries about your life,” John said in the poshest accent he could manage, his head bobbing side-to-side.
! Elliot’s easily twice your size.”
“My mother will start to worry. Oh, really, Sherlock, we used to listen to this all the time! Mark? I don’t know the guy part.”
“You could come, ya know. Bring the case files down to the pitch.”
“And rugby,” John added, leaning forward over the crossed legs to snatch the page from Sherlock’s grip. “I’m a…quintuple threat?” he mused, frowning down at Sherlock’s mattress, and then rattled his head, dismissing the thought. “It won’t be that bad,” he said, smiling when Sherlock scoffed. “A lot of the science stuff will probably overlap.”
Only after John gathered his things and left to take a shower did Sherlock allow himself to smile.
“I’m not, I’m...having a stroke?” he muttered, and Irene laughed, John giving Sherlock a sheepish shrug he only shook his head at.
Still awake as the time crawled to 11:50, Sherlock figured he might as well go down to the ballroom as the queen had suggested—when in Rome, as they say—and flung the blankets off with a huff, changing into a soft green jumper and worn jeans, not quite comfortable enough in the castle to show off his sleepwear yet. He pulled his socks from earlier that day back onto his feet and padded out the door, using the light of his mobile to navigate down the stairs to the first floor, the white glow seeming to bring the eyes of the portraits to life as he moved through the corridors, the hair on the back of his neck rising at the artificial sense of being watched.
“Molly get settled in alright?” he asked, Greg’s face cracking with a grin at the very mention of her, and Sherlock shook his head internally.
Sherlock’s lips trembled open in surprise, and maybe even hurt, but John didn’t care, had been pushed too far to care, and it was with very little difficultly that he turned, hoisting his bag onto his shoulder and walking away.
Sherlock popped open the electric kettle, hovering it over the sink while the tap spluttered to life, bicep working as the water level climbed. He could feel Irene’s eyes on the back of his head, following him as he returned the kettle to its base and flicked it on, a red LED light illuminating as loose water droplets hissed into vapor. Opening a cupboard overhead, he grabbed one of the larger mugs, placing it beside the box of Tetley on the counter, his face pointedly averted. “Sugar?” he asked, unsurprised at Irene’s answering huff.
is probably one of the easier ones with which to draw parallels.” He broke off another bite before continuing. “Mrs. Hudson read quite a large portion of
John dropped the flashlight beam to the floor, shaking his head as Irene scrunched and stretched her eyes, adjusting to the shift. “I could’ve killed you,” he scolded, placing the gun on the nightstand, and Irene huffed a laugh, looking between them as Sherlock stepped into the room at John’s shoulder.
“I don’t know!” Sherlock’s eyes skittered over the carpet in front of his feet, brow knitting in frantic concentration. “There’s no time to get the phone to Lestrade now. Once he leaves, he’ll be in the wind.”
The queen looked between them, rising to standing as she pointed at their chests in turn. “Wait, you…know one another?” She frowned, lowering her fingertips to the edge of the table. “How?”
The petite brunette eased her limbs off of Sherlock, turning around to face John, who shifted on the sofa, hoping to ward off similar treatment. “You?” she questioned, blinking, clearly a little dazed with relief. “You were shot?”
“Might I introduce my daughter,” Lord Chaplin said, stepping aside and beckoning to her with an open arm, “Miss Jeanette Chaplin.”
“Yes, you could.” The door swung inward, Molly stepping in with a bright smile. “I already asked her.” She then turned to Greg, shrinking into her shoulders as her cheeks darkened. “I was just walking by and heard something about a queen. And then shamelessly eavesdropped,” she muttered, and Greg laughed, lifting a hand and shaking his head.
“You said you’d told them he wasn’t coming.”
John lay draped width-wise across his armchair, legs lolling off the armrest while his head hung backward, giving him an upside-down view of the fireplace. With a clench of his abs, he lifted his neck up, the vertebrae cracking in protest as he looked across the living room.
“We should sleep,” he said, and Sherlock nibbled his lip, hesitant.
“Well, isn’t this a little insensitive?” he challenged, waving a hand at the building behind him, music thumping out the windows high overhead. “Going on a date when they went to all that trouble?”
here, the grass cold on the backs of his legs as he stretched them out in front of him, trying to sketch together the constellations that hung like far-off chandeliers above him. He lifted his phone, checking the time to find 9:07 staring back at him, as well as three messages from Irene he hadn’t been able to find the courage to open yet, and then sighed, sliding his mobile into his pocket as he contemplated his next move.
“Yes,” John chuckled, nodding as he sat the clothes on his bed. “Yes it is.”
“Of course it will,” Sherlock said, as easily as one might confirm the sky to be blue or water to be wet. “Especially if you’re desperate enough to marry someone you can’t tolerate past the first course.”
“Sherlock.”
“You’re forgiven,” he said, drawing away with a final pat to the girl’s arm.
“You always say that,” Sherlock snapped, but John rattled his head.
Sherlock watched the spot his brother had last occupied, not quite sure where else to look. John was still standing beside him, close enough to give rise to the hairs on the back of his neck, and he channeled his nervous energy into reaching for one of the pastries, nibbling at the crust to distract his mouth from saying something stupid.
“Hi,” she said, voice high with nerves as she flicked a weak wave, and John nudged Sherlock lightly on the arm, a wordless warning to be on his best behavior.
! Can’t we sue the school for this or something? Not providing those portable heaters? Or a roof?”
“To help ward off the effects of shock.”
For all he had heard people talk about this—being paralyzed, unable to respond to what their mind was screaming at them to do—Sherlock had never thought it would happen to him, never thought it was possible it
“I’m an artist in all food-based medium,” he countered grandly, touching a hand to his sternum, and Sherlock laughed, lifting to cover his mouth as he threatened to choke on rice. “Get some alphabet soup, I’ll make it Scrabble.”
John didn’t know quite what to do, so he laughed, shaking his head fondly at Sherlock, who seemed equally lost, simply shrugging embarrassedly as he twitched an imperceptible adjustment to one of the middle pages.
“Sherlock.”
When it became clear that Sherlock wasn’t going to elaborate, and John began to genuinely worry about how seriously the boy was staring at the ground, his eyes flitting back-and-forth frantically, he cleared his throat.
“Climbed across from his roof. Obviously.”
love our little chats.” He just stared across the table, smiling, and Sherlock quickly cracked.
Sherlock didn’t have much experience with people staying over at his place—he adamantly refused to refer to it as a sleepover, even in his mind—which is why he found himself in the rather awkward position of staring down at a sleeping John Watson without any idea of what to do with him.
He blinked, his head tilting slightly.
Sherlock turned back to the violin. “A little. You?”
They were at the Yard in under an hour, giggling entirely inappropriately when Anderson walked by—the man eyeing them suspiciously as he checked his reflection not-so-subtly in the surface of his phone—and then following Lestrade down to the interrogation room.
“Magic 8 Ball-” John started again, and, though Sherlock rounded on him, mouth opening, it was not his voice that interrupted.
“Not tired?” Sherlock presumed, rolling onto his side, but John shook his head.
“I’m not digging around in Mike’s stuff!”
“Maybe an hour,” he replied, startling John into a laugh. “Two on the outside.”
“You already gave me this watch, but I’ll get you something, yeah.”
“Same thing,” he muttered, and John gave him
Sherlock sighed, shoulders slumping as he rolled his eyes, but did follow, though with slightly heavier footfalls than necessary.
She continued, but did not look up. “About-About Christmas. Are we- Should I- That is… Are you getting
“You can’t even see her face,” John retorted, but Molly shrugged.
“I think what Molly’s trying to say,” Mary interrupted, flashing Molly a small smile, which she returned by wilting back into the couch in relief, “is that…we’re your friends. And we…support you.” She lifted her eyebrows a bit, further pushing the subtext that had John’s throat closing up. “And it’s not- We’re not-” She rolled her eyes, growling in self-frustration as she shifted to the edge of the couch and leaned so close, he could smell her perfume. “We’re not going to tell anyone,” she nearly whispered, eyes soft but pointed, “and you don’t have to talk about it, but- Well, we’re not
know!” He gripped the railing at the back of the lift as he leaned against it, angrily huffing down at the floor.
“You’ve already met Mary,” Harry said, and the two exchanged nods, “but I don’t know if you ever met Irene. She’s in the cafe a lot.”
“I’m fine, dear. Can’t be eating that sort of stuff at my age. I’ve gotta be around a good long time to keep you in line.”
“Okay,” came a voice from the kitchen, and John startled, whipping his head around to see Lyle entering through the glass doors, a steaming mug in hand, “I think I’ve got it right. Kettle said 98, and I steeped it for just over two minutes.”
“Probably.” Irene shrugged. “They all are these days. They’re still on track to meet us there though, right?”
“Oh, John! You’re the rugby captain, right? Don’t know why I didn’t put it together sooner, Mike talks about you all the time.”
“I don’t need-”
“But you’ve surmised,” Sherlock stated, a naked fact bereft of any emotion but exhaustion, and John held his breath, watching as the man hung his head with a sigh.
“Oh, come now, Sally,” he chided, turning back over his shoulder. “You know Anderson’s on his third prescription deodorant trying to- Oof!”
“How magnanimous of you,” Irene quipped, and John dipped his head in a low bow.
“Hello?”
“I’m not quite
The Thai food arrived promptly, and was eaten even faster, helped along by John periodically poking Sherlock in the ribs with his wooden chopsticks when the boy would drift away from them, staring listlessly out the window as his forehead creased.
“I don’t
“Don’t bother.” His voice was dark as he glared into the man’s face, and he watched icy fire flash through grey-brown.
Sherlock chuckled, having a second go at the cigarette, and, though it still burned his throat a bit more than he thought it ought to, at least he didn’t cough.
“Sherlock,” John pleaded, trying to hold a hand up, trying to put some distance between them because he needed to
“Nothing,” he muttered. “I just- You usually have an opinion is all.”
“You’ve had quite a shock,” John supplied gently, lowering his bag to floor as he settled into the chair opposite her, even his posture oozing comfort, and Alice nodded morosely down at the table. “When were you diagnosed?” he asked after she’d taken another sip, popping a pretzel into her mouth.
“You do!” John teased, his voice growing higher as he laughed. “Somewhere deep down—deep,
“Ah,” Sherlock mused with a slow nod. “Well, then I’m happy to do my part.”
“Since undergrad. She was a year behind me; we had a class together her second year.”
Damn him.
Sherlock slid his recorder off the table and fussed with turning it off on pretense of not watching, lifting his chin when Jeanette approached him a moment later.
At the mention of Sherlock’s name, the staff sprang into a chorus of delighted shouts and squeals, muttering to one another and smiling enthusiastically at John, who could only nod dimly in response. The order was put together faster than he had even seen at McDonald’s, and he was shouting thanks over his shoulder to a line of beaming, waving restaurateurs in a matter of minutes. The plastic bag swung against his leg, and he stretched his arm out farther to avoid any further jostling of the boxes.
Sherlock hadn’t known John in secondary school, but he imagined he was much the same, John Watson seeming a thing that had spawned fully formed rather than grown, a fixed point time had chosen to revolve around instead of attempting to budge. Time hadn’t brought him into John’s orbit until two years ago, however, Mike Stamford—a friend of Sherlock’s from secondary school—practically dragging him out of his dorm one night to join him and some of his friends from Barts for an event their rugby team had organized.
The girl laughed loudly, some of the others around her joining in, and John looked between them, brows twitching in a momentary frown of confusion before his politeness won out, and he grinned at them, painfully winsome.
“Sherlock got a comment on his blog,” he said, scanning between them, Sherlock’s expression shifting to concern while everyone else blinked at him like he was coming unhinged.
In retrospect, it would have been highly beneficial to tell Sherlock that Mary had all but thrown him at the detective instead of leaving the story on the somewhat troublesome detail of a kiss, but it hadn’t gone anywhere, and he thought he’d made it very clear it was never going to. Still, there was no mistaking the serrated scowl John could feel slicing across his cheeks, and he fidgeted uncomfortably as he looked across to the oblivious Mary and Molly on the couch.
, I- I needed
“Really?” Sherlock deadpanned, dropping the blond a flat look, and then pushed his way by, buckling John’s arm with a precise prod at the inside of his elbow.
John blinked back to the woman, momentarily startled by her forgotten presence. “Er, do you want whipped cream with that?” he asked, trying to convince his heart to stop hammering in distraction as he grabbed a paper cup and a black marker, but Sherlock face still turned toward him in his peripheral vision wasn’t helping matters.
“Order takeaway and watch Doctor Who reruns,” he mumbled, and John slapped a hand to his mouth, trying to muffle his guffaws. “By myself,” the detective added even softer, and John desperately needed air.
The blond chuckled, dropping his head again as he kicked at the tile at his feet, expression slowly flattening back out to serious. “He really just insisted?” he asked, looking across to Sherlock skeptically.
Mr. Parish’s eyes widened at the interruption, and John’s chest tightened with his own shock.
“If I ever get to sleep past 9 again, it’ll be a bloody miracle.”
His body stiffened with a dawning idea, eyes shifting back and forth as he considered. He then leapt up, decided, snatching his coat and shrugging into it as he burst out the door. It was several steps before he stopped, grumbling to himself as he turned back, tumbling into the dorm and plucking the keys off his bureau. Back in the corridor, he closed the door behind him, wasting precious time twisting the key to click in the lock, but he could not bear to sit through another tiresome lecture from John if he found the door left open again.
John had almost given up on Sherlock coming to English at all when he strode in, his bag swinging violently out from where it banged against his legs. It almost hit John’s shoulder, but he dodged at the last second, pulling away from his conversation with Mary to twist awkwardly in his chair. He shot a glare back at Sherlock, but the boy merely flounced down dramatically into his desk and began rummaging through his bag.
“No, not that,” Sherlock snapped, disentangling his fingers to swat a hand through the air. “Why are you offended?”
Strangely, he didn’t feel anything at first, a hollow sort of emptiness rushing in to fill his chest as he blinked at the words, hoping they’d look different if he just looked hard enough. Following briskly on the heels of that, however, was not—as he would’ve thought—anger, but instead a stinging sort of sadness, and then promptly nausea as he wondered just how long Sherlock had known, how many lies he’d been told, how much of everything that had happened had just been a distraction, a ruse. And then there were all the things it explained, memory after memory slamming into John like a relentless barrage of waves across the hull of a ship, and he staggered back against the table, about to capsize under the force of it.
Sherlock sighed, nodding, his head turning slightly to press further into John’s fingertips. “I know,” he admitted quietly. “I- Lestrade said he had some cold cases I could take a look at. Maybe- Maybe I’ll pick those up while you’re at your interview. Focus on them for a while.”
“I don’t know,” he replied, looking up to where Molly was sliding into the passenger seat of Greg’s car, Mike getting in the back. “More room for self-doubt?” he suggested, and John tipped his head, accepting the explanation.
“I’m gonna go- er- grab some ice. For your head,” he muttered, avoiding eye contact and gesticulating much more than normal.
“So, I’d like to start with hearing a bit more about you,” he said, gesturing toward Jeanette. “I was told you studied in Spain for university?”
Sherlock scoffed, and the hair on the back of John’s neck prickled with annoyance. “Typical,” he muttered dismissively, and John glared down at the mop of curls, the closest thing to the boy’s face he could see.
“But he’s, what? 25? 26?” John asked, his forehead furrowing, and Sherlock nodded. “How could he already have that much power?”
Sherlock simply stared at the man, tipping his head with a quirked brow, and the officer pulled up short, frowning at him in confusion. “You’re new, aren’t you?” he asked, and the man blinked.
“I’m not worried about you being mugged,” John immediately answered, and then shook his head, lifting a hand to pinch at the bridge of his nose as Sherlock quirked a brow. “I mean, I’m not
“Mad cow disease.”
A strange, sinking and swooping feeling filled his chest, and he pushed his chair back a couple of inches instinctively. “Oh,” he breathed, dropping his eyes to the duvet draping over the edge of the bed as he swallowed through a wave of nauseous embarrassment. “Right. Good to know.” He stood, only slightly shaky, and swiped his mobile off his bed as he made his way to the door.
“Sherlock went to breakfast?” Mrs. Hudson asked, her eyes widening down at the scowling boy.
“I- No,” Sherlock muttered, shaking his head as he pointed out at the path ahead, “I’m just going home.”
John meant 221B. John wasn’t going anywhere. John didn’t want to leave.
“Those are your choices, sorry,” John shrugged, vainly trying to stifle a smirk, and Sherlock felt the tiniest bit forgiven.
“Chemistry,” he managed to reply out of habit, and then swallowed ga,thering himself again. “You?”
“I-I-“ John stammered, his eyes lingering slightly on Mike. “Are you sure? I mean, I’ve only been here-”
Sherlock frowned, bending his knees up onto the bed as he held the phone aloft over his face.
Sherlock took another drink. “It’s been a while because I asked them to stop.”
“And I was going to sort it.
“I’m...sorry?”
“I wasn’t going to,” he muttered, and Irene chuckled, letting her hand fall away. He watched her a moment, her smile slowly falling away, and then stepped closer, drawing her eyes back to his face. “Please,” he said, and she blinked, startled, one of the few people who would understand the weight of that word on his lips, “be careful.”
“None could ever compare,” he said, monotone enough to be delivered as a barb, but the smile on Mrs. Hudson’s face as she batted his arm suggested she understood the larger intent.
“You say that like… Well, like you’ve never said it before,” he chuckled.
on my own.”
Sherlock huffed, crossing his arms over his chest and staring defiantly at the ceiling. “Nonsense. Why would I do that?”
, and Sherlock brushed briskly through, following the sound of a camera shutter down the corridor. “Don’t worry about it,” he muttered, turning his chin over his shoulder. “After all, who
Victor chuckled, shaking his head with patronizing fondness. “Oh, Sherlock,” he mused, reaching across the table to flick the file closed, the detective gaping down in affront at the motion, apparently too stunned to react as the blond snapped the folder up, leaning around the table to toss it down onto the floor near Sherlock’s bag. “You really don’t know anything about the law, do you?”
Afraid to even put the envelope in his backpack lest a pencil somehow puncture his uneaten yogurt and smear strawberry banana all over John’s jagged handwriting, he clutched it in front of him, pressing it against his chest as he raced out the doors, grateful that the rain was at least holding off long enough for him to make it to where his mother’s car waited in the long line of parents.
John’s lips flapped, dead-end consonants popping and clicking out of his mouth as Sherlock rose, eyes twinkling. “Will you at least tell me how many?” he blurted as Sherlock turned to leave, requiring John to twist his back unnaturally to look after him.
Silence, the longest silence in the long history of long silences, and then, so loud he nearly fell off the bed as he jumped, the reply arrived.
“Er, bit of brick, probably,” he replied, shrugging his shoulder, inadvertently shifting his skin against John’s and dropping his stomach out of his body. “I-I cut it on a wall.”
Sherlock’s mouth fluttered open, surprised. He hadn’t expected to get even that much out of her; he usually had to come back several times before she’d get around to anything useful. “What about him?”
“What about her?” he bit, eyes no longer even pretending to move across the words, and John sighed, moving to the boy’s side.
crying!” John bellowed, whipping around to face the old argument. “I told you, I got popcorn powder in my eye!”
“Nothing,” John assured, meeting Sherlock’s skeptical gaze a moment before looking back to Molly, “just banged it up a bit when I fell.”
The referee signaled to stop the clock, waving Coach Powles onto the field, but he was already halfway there, rushing forward with his clipboard tucked beneath his arm.
“Sherlock-” John started, but cut off as Sherlock stood, knees wobbling a moment before he locked them.
“Is this new?” John said, flicking at Sherlock’s tie when he frowned.
John not only hadn’t stormed out, ranting about the mad Sherlock Holmes and demanding another roommate, he had sat with him, spoke to him, actually looked at crime scene photos with him, and, perhaps most impressively, he had stuck up to
Gently, John shook his head, drawing in a jagged breath. “Tell me what to do,” he pleaded, and Sherlock flinched his gaze away.
! You know we’ll have the best damn fireworks display in the country now.”
Mrs. Hudson smiled kindly at him. “Oh, don’t worry, dear, that’s just there to keep people out. If there’s no smoke coming from under the door, it’s perfectly safe.”
, a shiver rattling up from his toes to gasp out of his mouth as John’s warm fingers slipped beneath the fabric, thumb moving in a slow swipe down the raised ridge. “John!” he gasped, and it was embarrassing, really, how lost he was, how thoroughly and utterly wrecked, and, in spite of how much he wanted it to, how much he knew he should be able to, it was clear he wouldn’t be able to draw this out much longer. The hand that was free from John’s hair was already gripping tightly into the duvet, fingernails quite possibly slicing half-moon slits the cleaning staff would have no questions as to the cause of, and, as John wrapped his hand around the base of Sherlock’s cock, sliding up with agonizing slowness, he barely strangled a scream.
“But they never stop for you.”
He took a deep breath as Greg headed toward the counter, drawing his coffee to his lips, letting the mug hover there for a moment and closing his eyes against the warm wafts of steam. Unbidden, the watery image of John’s face laughing in the shifting, colored lights of the club washed over his eyelids, and he snapped them open, rattling his head to dispel the vision as he took a long draft of coffee—the Tall, Dark, and Handsome blend, according to the unsettlingly chipper cashier and heart-encrusted chalkboards.
So he didn't use any, bending his knees to slot against John's legs and shuffling closer, heart vibrating all the way to his toes as he drew near John’s chest, arms pinned between them.
At 18, John moved to London to study medicine at Barts, an odd choice for his particular family business. Less than three months later, his father died, and he took the next semester off, staying in Galerre with his mother and younger sister until university started up again in the fall. In spite of the tumultuous beginnings, he achieved top marks in school, picking up the semester he’d missed by adding summer courses when he wasn’t home or even farther abroad doing humanitarian work over the holiday, and even finding time to compete on the university rugby team, which he was named captain of his final year.
,” Mycroft answered, turning a smile to Sherlock.
“He’d get his own jacket,” Coach urged, smiling as he lifted his eyebrows, a clear attempt at persuasion.
“And?” Lestrade murmured after a beat, and John snarled through a sigh, slamming the laptop onto the table and spinning it toward them.
unbelievable about it that you’re more likely to accuse me of
John’s breath hitched as Sherlock’s clothed cock brushed against his thigh, and then he ducked his mouth to Sherlock’s neck, moving lower in slow scrapes of teeth and swipes of tongue as Sherlock writhed beneath him, all-but gone from the world. John then had the cruelly brilliant idea to swirl his tongue around Sherlock’s nipple, prompting a shout and a spasm, heat shooting down in a sharp strike to the pit of his stomach, and the blond chuckled against his chest, the smug smile visible in Sherlock’s mind’s eye.
Moran grinned, chuckling breathily as he stopped at the edge of the rug some two meters away. He then simply stood there, gun still held at his side as he met Sherlock’s eyes in a steady gaze of glinting ice, and, if there ever had been, there was no longer any question as to his intent. Moran’s lips curled in a sneer, as if he could sense Sherlock working out his own imminent end. “You know, it’s funny,” he said suddenly, frowning down at the floor as he began to move again, stepping to the side as opposed to closer, the gun swinging with seemingly idle gesticulations as he talked. “All this time spent dancing around it, and, in the end”—he lifted his face, half his mouth lifting as he shrugged—“it’s just as simple as a bullet.” He hoisted the gun in front of his face, twisting the glimmering suppressor in the dusty light of the window, and Sherlock took the opportunity of his temporary distraction to shift just slightly to the right—only a few inches closer to the door, but he would take what he could get.
time drinking your Nazi-sympathizing lattes over a rousing discussion of Romanticism!” He turned, ripping the dormitory door open and storming across the corridor.
“I talked to Mrs. Hudson last night,” John said, and Sherlock frowned, wondering if he had perhaps blacked out and missed a portion of the conversation. “She lives on Baker Street now, owns those flats next door to Speedy’s. She said the rent was so cheap because there hadn’t been much interest, but I think she’s just lonely, ya know? Wants to have somebody she knows close by,” he explained, shrugging a shoulder, and Sherlock nodded, understanding the words, if not the point. John then hesitated a moment, shifting his weight between his legs before stepping forward, tentatively looking up at Sherlock through his lashes. “I-I called her last night,” he muttered, curling his fingers to fidget at the cuff of his jacket. “Might have even woken her up. She said I didn’t, but…” He trailed away, rubbing a hand up the back of his neck as he shrugged, and then seemed to steady himself, straightening his spine and pinning his arms to his sides. “She said she could have the place ready this weekend,” he stated, and Sherlock’s eyes narrowed with a suspicion he couldn’t quite parse out the cause of yet. “I mean, there’s still a bit of work to be done—something about a kitchen backsplash, whatever that is—but, so long as we don’t mind living with wet paint for a couple weeks-”
“It doesn’t seem too deep,” Molly assessed, releasing his hand back into his own power, “but you should wash it out, make sure there’s no glass.”
“That’s correct, Your Majesty.”
“Louise.”
option, “and then I just...stayed.”
“WHAT DID YOU SAY TO ME!?” the man screamed into his face, pulling him forward only to slam him back again, his grip shifting higher, putting pressure on Sherlock’s throat as he pinned him to the wall. “WHAT DID YOU SAY!?”
“Of course it was!” John exclaimed, smiling broadly down at the curious, grey eyes peering up at him. “It was…extraordinary!”
“So is polio, but we didn’t keep
They settled into silence, John slipping his hands in his pockets as he gazed out over the sloping lawn. He could feel Sherlock’s eyes on him, but found he didn’t really mind all that much.
“Well, can’t fault him for that,” Mike chuckled, and then hoisted up his backpack. “I’ll see ya then. Lake at 9:30?”
“Clark Kent,” Dimmock answered with a nod, and Lestrade leaned his head back, opening his mouth with recognition.
“I’m serious,” he argued, and Sherlock flicked his brows, shrugging lightly as he looked out across the carriage, the passing lights of the tunnel reflecting in rapid stripes across his eyes.
The waiter appeared with the food shortly thereafter, giving them a parting wink that made Sherlock exceptionally uncomfortable, but he did
“It’s fine, Sherlock!” he cried, lifting a hand to block the man’s approach as he shuffled a step back toward the door. “I get it, really! You can’t be seen rubbing shoulders with someone who wears an apron.”
“What about, like…a rich people sphinx?”
“They grow up so fast,” Mycroft sighed wistfully, a huff of air punched from him as Sherlock’s elbow hit his ribs, but he recovered enough to chuckle at Sherlock’s back when he retreated toward the kitchens, creeping unseen along the edges of the ballroom.
“I’m not sure
“Don’t drown,” Irene chided, thumping her on the back, and the topic of Sherlock’s love life was forgotten as the girls began bickering over the level of Molly’s eating ineptitude.
“You won’t be able to get in without me!” Lestrade called after him.
“Oh,” was all Sherlock could answer, however, quickly turning back toward the window, though no longer focused on anything beyond it.
“Amazing, incredible, extraordinary, yes, he’s heard them all, don’t encourage him,” John muttered, twisting in his seat to better join the conversation, his knee pressing against Sherlock’s.
“SHERLOCK!” The voice was familiar, but Sherlock couldn’t place it, growing dizzier by the second as his father bashed his head into the plaster.
?!” Sherlock snarled, his finger turning white with pressure against the button.
in my face.”
Sherlock didn’t look at him, but John watched a swallow move down his throat.
Sean had called loser at some point, so there was a short break for John to wipe his forehead and take a few swigs from his water bottle before they reset on the mat, Sherlock starting the fight and then drifting back to where Kavi and Émile were on the floor observing.
“It wasn’t going to be much of a costume-”
“Wouldn’t miss it,” Molly replied, and then looked past him to Greg, her smile somehow widening even further. “Hi,” she said, and John turned his head just enough to see Greg beam back.
“Then how are you supposed to know?” John nearly whispered.
At least, that’s how it always went in John’s head, but it felt a little too real now, this time with Sherlock in the café the last chance he’d have to talk to him in person before the concert, and he knew better than to waste it, Molly’s pointed look as she’d left for sandwiches clearly conveying that she’d sort it out when she got back if he didn’t.
The room fell silent, John’s footsteps stopping in the doorway as the soft clicks of his hand hesitating on the handle drifted through the blanket to Sherlock’s ear.
!” he blurted, eyes popping even wider as John’s outstretched pleading arms wilted to his sides, a defeated sigh ghosting over his lips. “You-You sent-
“Why not?” John asked, stretching out his legs to brace himself as he perched on the arm of his chair.
“Seriously?” the blonde sputtered, raising a brow, and John’s fingers twisted self-consciously into the cuffs of his uniform jumper. “You didn’t notice an upswing in flowers and candy floating around?”
“So, what’s he like?”
John lifted an eyebrow in suspicion at Sherlock, who nodded and swatted him away, his version of reassurance, John supposed. John bounced down the stairs, rounding the corner and entering the open door of Mrs. Hudson’s flat. “Yes, Mrs. Hudson?” he called as he entered the kitchen, looking around for the landlady.
“Still,” John muttered, and Sherlock smiled at him, the two of them sitting in silence as John finished his small breakfast. “I gotta go,” he sighed, untangling their limbs as he rose, dropping his plate and cup into the sink before turning back around. “I’ll be done at 1. What time are you going into the studio?” he asked, and Sherlock shrugged, glancing out through the living room to the windows on the opposite wall.
“Good,” he said, steadying his bag on his shoulder as he moved to the door, “and, anything Lestrade calls about, it can wait.” He leaned his body back in around the wood, grinning across to Sherlock. “Doctor’s orders,” he added, flashing a wink, and Sherlock laughed as he left, shaking his head down at the bed as he listened to John’s retreating footsteps.
Sherlock quirked a brow. “Customer service isn’t terrible enough already?” he quipped, and John laughed, opening the driver door before closing the back one so as not to cut off the conversation.
“No,” Sherlock muttered, shaking his head and looking back to the pitch, and Molly chuckled, also returning her attention to the action.
‘But you didn’t
~~~~~~~~~~~~
“You were shot at, of course you’re in shock!”
“Still, he will be expecting-”
“To which one: touching you or hurting you?”
“What do you want, John?” he snapped, turning around, and it was quite possibly the second-worst decision he had ever made.
Sherlock had left the dorm without a backward glance, sleeping in the lab that night. He ignored John’s knock for breakfast on Monday morning.
“Yes, Mike told us your guest had been delayed at the train station,” she directed to Sherlock, who saw his brother stiffen in his peripheral vision. “We didn’t want to upset you by asking; you were in such a foul mood already.”
John tried to shake his head disapprovingly, but the corner of his mouth lifted in mutiny, so he merely dropped his eyes and grabbed another pencil. Turning back to scratch frantically along the margins of his page, he added a mental bullet point to the list he was quickly compiling on Sherlock Holmes: No sense of personal boundaries. Somehow, John found he didn’t really mind.
“I will,” John quipped back, spinning around as Sherlock laughed, and then grinned to himself all the way to the kitchen, garnering more than one worried glance from his coworkers.
“Your
“I mean right now,” John pressed, following after him, drawing as far up to Sherlock’s side as the narrow corridor would allow. “What did I do just then? In the kitchen?”
“Yeah, no one,” John muttered, and Mrs. Hudson smiled sympathetically at him.
John was no doctor yet, but he was pretty sure his heart had just doubled in size, pressing warm against his lungs. “You’re welcome,” he said, internally patting himself on the back for how even it sounded.
“Skeptical is not the word I’d use,” Prince John muttered, narrowing his eyes at Sherlock before leaning closer to the queen. “Mother, I can handle this myself.”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes in suspicion. “What?”
“Sherlock!? John!?”
“Why do
John was smirking at him, one eyebrow cocking as Sherlock stared. “I
“Really?” John questioned, surprised, and he pulled a corner of the blanket up for closer inspection. “Feels heavier than that.”
“John?”
“Quite.”
“So you figured you’d just do that instead!?”
He wasn’t planning on doing any such thing, but, as he realized a moment too late, he hadn’t locked it, and he was now too far away to correct the mistake.
Sherlock smiled after him, and then turned his attention back to the meeting, which seemed to be wrapping up, the muscles in John’s neck tight with limiting restraint.
John’s grip tightened on the red can as he tried to keep his eye-widening in check. He had seen Sherlock perform before, but the
—and gasped, his fingers leaping back down to grip into the jumper over John’s shoulder, but he wasn’t pushing him away, just holding on for dear life, and, carefully, watching for any sign of hesitation, John tilted his head, pressing his tongue just a little more deliberately. Sherlock sucked a breath in between them, his mouth opening, and John just grazed past the seal of his lips, curling his tongue down to stroke along the interior edge.
A sound like a double-time rainstick filled the flat, pattering off the floor in dozens of little clicks and clacks, and Sherlock started, head rattling as he searched for the source.
The sound was deafening, cheers mingling with shouts of despair, and John barely had time to roll onto his back and push the ball away before bodies in blue jerseys were collapsing on top of him, all laughter and sweat.
“Was he frightened?” the man repeated, the usual flash in his eyes whenever he had to do so. “John Watson, did he seem afraid?”
“Oh my god,” he muttered, stretching a hand out behind him to feel for obstacles as he staggeringly retreated. “Oh my
John had known, he must have known. It hadn’t been like that, hadn’t been some parade of horrible mistakes and missed opportunities. They’d fought, yes, but they’d been friends, if not always a little more than that. They’d been happy, he was sure they had, but, now, his own failings were all he could think of, growing like a deadweight over his chest until he could barely gasp for breath.
Normally, he loved making people uncomfortable, thrived off their wide eyes and shaking fingers, but seeing that uncertainty on John’s features made his skin crawl.
“Harry?” he repeated, hands a bit delayed as they came to rest on her back. “What are you- What are you
Molly blinked at him, lips popping apart, and even Mary looked startled, head snapping up as her blush abruptly faded.
John’s mouth popped open, eyes widening in sudden horror at the seatback in front of him. “I- Er-” He blinked, trying to swallow his panic, his fingers beginning to shake where they rested on his thigh, but then Mike was there, leaning in toward him.
“Mostly rugby stuff. A lot of complaining about the early-morning jogs,” he quipped, chuckling as John rolled his eyes.
“Excellent!”
crossword puzzles John could find. Sherlock had said he enjoyed doing them, but wasn’t religious about it, so there were bound to be some in there he hadn’t memorized at a glance five years ago or something ridiculous like that.
Sherlock couldn’t breathe, sure his ribs were cracking under the strain of the heart he could feel expanding impossibly in his chest, and this lack of oxygen was the only plausible reason for his hand to stretch out without his permission, tucking a stray strand of John’s hair back into formation from where it had dropped to tickle his forehead. Bare nanoseconds later, he recoiled, his left hand clutching onto its pair as if it had been burned, and he stepped back, certain the thumping of his heart was loud enough to wake the dead. His calf clipped the corner of the coffee table as he backed away, the bottle rattling as he held his breath, but John didn’t stir, and Sherlock moved down the corridor as quick as he dared, collapsing against his door the second it closed.
“You can still tell, though,” she said, gesturing up at the window through the spring rain that had blanketed London all day. “They’re both thin, dark hair, attractive-”
“I- I-” John stammered, unable to come up with a counterargument, and then it was too late, Molly spinning him by the shoulders and steering him toward the door. “Molly! Molly, please, I’ll-I’ll write your immunology paper!”
A shuffle of paper and inevitable rumble of chatter followed, Molly turning to him in the interlude, a sharp glare folding her features.
“With chocolate chips,” he concurred, pulling the bag from a shelf while Sherlock went in search of a mixing bowl.
“I don’t see what that-”
John opened his mouth, a retort ready on his tongue as he snapped his face up to his smirking friend, but another voice cut him off.
“You’re right,” she’d agreed, always a bad sign. “You should stick your tongue in his mouth and find out.”
“Baker Street?” the blond echoed. “Nice spot. Bit far out though.”
By 5:30, they were hiking up the stairs to Claire Jones’ flat, ducking under the yellow tape across the door.
Sherlock’s stomach twisted as he pondered how two things intended as the same question could be so terribly different. “No,” he murmured, regretting the loss of John’s fingers as they returned to the floor, his nerves still tingling from the touch.
Sherlock barely caught his backpack as it made to slip off his shoulder, his mouth dropping and terror mounting as John got out of the car, approaching his father with an oblivious smile on his oblivious face.
“No,” Sherlock interjected, curling his legs up as he tucked himself tighter to John’s chest, “I-I don’t- I don’t wanna forget it.”
them pleasure.” Her face stretched into a Cheshire grin, confidence clearly back to maximum as she eased herself back into the chair. “Not a bad way to earn a living, really. And sometimes I even get a woman.” She winked at him, a downright lecherous grin on her face, and somehow that, out of everything, was the bit that rattled John.
He almost didn’t notice, reaching immediately for the ball inside, but then his eyes caught on a message written on the inside of the lid, his heart rocketing up into his throat before dropping through the floor with his jaw.
“And Anderson! Christ, how that pillock got this job, I will
“Yeah, there has been that flu going around. You’re feeling better now, I take it,” he supposed, and Sherlock nodded, smiling sheepishly down at the table. “You sure?” John pressed, planting his hands on the wood as he leaned down. “Don’t need me to check your pulse? Whip out my stethoscope and listen to your breath sounds?”
“Oh, he had a lot more than talking on his mind,” John muttered, nodding out at the room as if the furniture would pipe up and concur. “A guy like that, he’s only thinking about one thing, and, let me tell ya, it doesn’t include breakfast in the morning.”
Or just plain old during victory sho-
Sherlock’s stomach tightened, but he managed to maintain neutrality in his expression as John entered the room, his footsteps gliding to keep the two mugs from sloshing. “You were back earlier than I’d anticipated,” he said, taking the cup John lowered.
“I didn’t say that,” he muttered, following the script, and John laughed, bringing a reluctant smile to Sherlock’s face.
“Good,” Sherlock snarled through bared teeth, twisting away and pushing up the hill as fast as he could, his calves burning with the urgency. As soon as he was over the top of the hill, out of the reach of Victor’s gaze, he broke into a run, gasping through clenched teeth as he willed control into his body.
“It’s a Christmas miracle,” John grumbled, ignoring Irene’s glare and walking to the counter, so she turned it on Sherlock and Molly as they laughed.
“Yeah, yeah,” John muttered, rolling his head exasperatedly. “No exposing affairs or anything like that.”
*****
“Now, what we’re going to be looking at today is-” the professor began, and then stopped, blinking wildly as his eyes found Sherlock, who tilted his head as if perplexed. “Holmes?” the man sputtered as Sherlock frowned. “You- When did you-” he stammered, looking frantically between Sherlock and the door.
“Sherlock Holmes, was it?” he questioned, Sherlock nodding once as he took the man’s hand. “Nice to meet you,” Greg chirped, bobbing the paler hand up and down. “I’ve heard absolutely
“Sherlock Holmes?” he interrupted again, leaning to the side just enough for John to see the flame of a Bunsen burner stretching up in front of him. “I should hope so. Otherwise Langley has quite the security problem.”
“Good,” the man clipped with a nod. “Get him in here. I need him to make a call.”
Caught between a rock and a hard place, John was torn on how to proceed. Sherlock wasn’t pushing, and John doubted he ever would, but there was
Sherlock scoffed, mouth opening with clear intent to retort, but he just as quickly faltered, lips slowly drifting shut as his brow furrowed thoughtfully down at the table. “I-I don’t know,” he breathed, eyes darting aimlessly over the white tablecloth. “I’ve never thought about it.” He was quiet a long moment, gaze sharpening as his forehead twitched in and out of pensive creases, and John eventually cleared his throat, seeming to startle him out of a trance.
“He didn’t manipulate me!” Ethan spat through bared teeth, and Sherlock could feel the shift in the air. “
“No, you can watch your cat videos in peace.”
He looked away, his mind going disconcertingly quiet as he stared down at his fingers twisting in his lap. It was nonsensical, completely illogical. He had seen plenty of naked bodies laid out on slabs in the morgue; there was no reason why a small slit of John’s stomach should have any effect on him whatsoever. He rose from the bed, grappling at the case file on his desk and burying his face inside it. The work, focus on the work. He could deal with…whatever the hell this was later. Box it away, shove it in a back corner of his mind palace and padlock the door.
In an odd way, it was a beautiful day to visit your dearly departed, so Sherlock had been surprised to find himself alone in the cemetery, or at least in this section of it, no one around as far as he could see from his vantage point. Which was why the footsteps that cracked over a twig to his right came as such a shock, his mind having just enough time to recognize the irony of being murdered in a cemetery before the figure rounded the tree trunk.
“No, we haven’t the time,” he mocked, ignoring John’s glare as he bent down to examine the lock—a combination of a numerical keypad and card reader. “I’ve uncovered evidence suggesting Mr. Curtis was having an affair with a woman named Elaine Blake, who, on top of her receptionist duties at this office, is also an avid rock climber.” He leaned back, panting twice on the strip of the card in his hand before polishing it on his sleeve. “So, you see, it’s quite obvious the only accident that befell Mrs. Curtis was marrying an adulterous murderer. I’d put that on, if I were you,” he added, nodding down at the glove in John’s hand as he swiped the card, beeping out a five-digit code on the keypad with his own gloved hand. “Lestrade looks the other way on most things, but a fingerprint match might be pushing even his tenuous limits.”
“I have plans,” Sherlock muttered as he strode past Sally and Anderson, and John rose from his chair to follow.
“I think Lestrade has pictures,” Sherlock replied, not the slightest bit chagrined, and he grinned broadly as John set back into fits of laughter.
Sherlock didn’t know quite what to say to that, with John standing there smiling at him like he was a naughty child everyone loved anyway, so he kept his mouth closed, bowing his head and twisting his fingers as he stared at the floor.
Sherlock nodded, tapping the tips of his trainers together as he carefully planned his next words. “And-And you?” he asked, flicking a glance up at John through his lashes. “How are you handling it?”
“It’s not that funny,” John grumbled self-consciously, frowning at him, and Sherlock loved him, loved him in a way he realized, somewhere, very deep down, or perhaps so all-encompassing that he didn’t even notice it anymore, he had always loved him, and, as sometimes happens with epiphanies, it demanded to be shared.
, Sherlock!”
There was silence a moment, then a heavy sigh from Lestrade, followed by soft footsteps creeping toward Sherlock’s door.
- failed to mention she had a new boyfriend; caused John to be distraught
The man stretched down an arm, chuckling to himself as he shook his head. “I’m really
“Okay,” he drawled, raising a brow at the boy’s back, “and that matters to me because...?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Me? No,” Sherlock assured, shaking his head. “But Mycroft has to marry a princess.”
“Profanity is adorable?” Sherlock muttered, quirking a brow, but he didn’t look entirely displeased.
“I’m just trying to decide if I should be offended or not,” she said, and Sherlock sighed, rolling his eyes as he resumed his hurried steps.
Stepping out of John’s grip, he motioned for the door, pocketing the mobile as they crept out of the office, walking as fast as the balls of their feet would allow.
“You missed your cue,” the man explained, bobbing his head down at the music stand in front of where Sherlock stood, and Sherlock blinked down at the bars, the notes swirling a moment as he focused.
Molly remained in the kitchen, eyeing him with a quiet intensity he was having difficult deciphering, but then she looked away, bobbing her head almost imperceptibly to Dimmock, who lifted his eyebrows, reading the cue.
“I’ll call you when the bomb squad’s done with it,” Sherlock said, the package that had arrived at the Yard that afternoon having to go through every possible examination before the contents could be revealed, and John nodded, slipping his hands into his pockets so he wouldn’t be tempted to do anything else with them.
“Alright,” John said, shifting his weight as he looked out to the pitch, clearly anxious. “Don’t feel like you have to stay the whole time. If you get bored or something, you can just-”
“Welcome, welcome, everyone,” she said, looking to Molly and Sherlock in particular as she walked along the side of the table. “Mike, dear, it’s been an age.” She stopped beside him, tutting when he made to bow. “Don’t be silly,” she muttered, wrapping him in a tight hug. “This isn’t some stodgy state dinner, and I didn’t change your diapers to be kissed on the hand.”
John nodded, humming thoughtfully as he looked out over the living room. “Sword?” he offered, and Sherlock laughed, rocking his weight back against the cushions before resettling.
John laughed, cutting it off quickly as the sound bounced back at him from the concrete walls of the parking garage. “And here I thought my sparkling wit would be enough to keep you occupied,” he teased, and Sherlock shrugged with a noncommittal blip of a sound.
He stopped, contemplating a text message that demanded a response without sounding needy, when he heard a familiar gait approaching down the hall. The muscles in his knees twitched, fighting against the urge to rush and greet him with questions, but he instead took the precious few seconds to collapse onto his bed. Reaching behind him to pluck a book off his desk, he opened it to a random page near the middle, and hovered it over his face just as the door swung open.
Greg’s smile was warm and soft, a foreign fondness in his gaze when it turned to him. “You’re a good friend, Sherlock,” he said, stated, as if reciting a long-accepted truth and not the first person Sherlock had ever heard say such a thing with sincerity.
“A three hour coach ride is half the fun?” Sherlock muttered tonelessly, dropping his head and lifting a skeptical eyebrow.
“London receives an average of 601 millimeters of rainfall a year.”
Sherlock froze, eyes widening down at the floor as his blood roared in his ears, thumping in tandem with the rib-shaking pounds of his heart, because he was losing it, he must be, must have completely gone off the deep end into full-blown hallucinations, because there was no way he had just heard-
Sherlock scoffed, turning toward the front and pressing his head back into the seat. “I assure you, if I am ever anything remotely resembling
Mycroft’s outline nodded, drawing closer across the creaking floor. “It appears so,” he replied, and Sherlock nodded, eyes staring unfocused down at the coffee table. “We- The official report will be a gas leak,” Mycroft continued softly. “The school will be closed for at least the next week while they inspect the other buildings. There’s- Everyone will think no one was hurt,” he pushed out, rushing over the syllables, and Sherlock flinched, head turning away from the words. “Hopefully- Hopefully we can force Moriarty out of hiding if he believes-” He did not continue, but there was no need, the logic sound enough to be self-explanatory, and Sherlock nodded down at the carpet. “I- There’s something- Lestrade brought this over with your things from the dormitory.”
Victor shrunk slightly, shooting a sidelong glance out into the shadows to his right.
“Sally,” Lestrade said warningly, low and dangerous.
“Obviously,” Sherlock muttered, his chest filling once again as John chuckled. There was definitely something wrong with him. Perhaps he was developing a cardiac condition. John would probably know; there was surely something in one of those books of his.
“Well why don’t you come out after?” John tried, his mind at odds with itself between wanting Sherlock to stay far away from any possible signs John couldn’t suppress, and wanting him around all the time so John didn’t have to think about him all night. “We can toast to your success too.”
“Victor told me you were over here at Kingsley now. It’s been a long time. I thought you’d call,” Sebastian said, pouting, and it almost looked genuine except for the glinting in his eyes.
John nodded, still smiling like he was having the time of his life. “I was prepared to grovel.”
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson,” he said, and he was proud he still sounded in control of his vocal cords.
Shrugging it off with a sharp rattle of his head—though the heaviness in his chest remained—he stepped out of the cab as it pulled to a stop beside the curb, plucking a few notes from his wallet and passing them up. “Keep the change,” he muttered, and the man nodded, giving him a gruff grunt of what he supposed was thanks before driving away the second Sherlock closed the door. He watched the cab go a moment, and then turned, slipping his hands into his pockets as he strode toward the flashing lights, a barrier of yellow tape already set up in front of the woman’s flat, where a small crowd of nervous onlookers had converged.
,” he urged, rattling John’s arms to prompt him to look up. “It’ll be fine,” he added with a smile and a nod, and then something shifted, a sincerity John couldn’t explain creeping into his eyes as the corners of his mouth twitched lower. “It’ll all be fine.”
Anderson retracted his arm, eyeing him suspiciously a long moment before bowing his head. “As you wish, sir. I will see the rest of your belongings to your room.”
Molly giggled,
“Yeah, I, er,” he stammered, pointing toward the breakfast spread, and then curled his hand back in toward his body, closing his mouth as his tongue flicked nervously over his lips. “Mrs. Hudson has a waffle maker,” he blurted, as if that was supposed to explain it, and it was so abrupt, so strikingly charming, that Sherlock forgot himself for a moment, a quick bark of laughter slipping over his teeth. John blinked, eyes wide with disbelief, but swiftly collected himself, clearing his throat as he dropped his gaze. “I, um-” he muttered, waving a hand over the table as he placed the plated toast in an open spot. “You can just- I mean, if-if you- Yeah,” he blathered, and then practically flung himself back to the toaster, dropping in another couple slices of bread as Sherlock watched the back of his neck redden.
All the air in John’s lungs left him in a faint wheeze. “No,” he stammered, lifting his hands in front of him. “No, he’s not- We’re not-”
“So it would seem,” he replied, and John grinned, walking ahead of him as they converged in front of the ‘Please Seat Yourself’ sign.
Sherlock twisted at the hem of his jeans, his head hanging down. “You’ll laugh,” he murmured, but John shook his head.
Sherlock shook his head dimly, staring at the fear-stricken form of Ethan as Lestrade moved and left the room.
“Avoided the squeaky spots,” he replied, smile flashing to a smirk for a moment before settling back to warm. “I didn’t know you played,” he said, bobbing his head at the violin dangling from Sherlock’s fingers as he took a couple steps further into the room. “I mean, I knew you played something, but I wouldn’t have guessed the violin.”
Warm fingers pressed into his chin, soft but insistent, and he followed their pull to John’s pained gaze.
He took a breath.
,” she snipped, clanging the file drawer shut for emphasis. “You think I don’t know a creep when I hear one?”
Alright, ON TO THE FLUFF!!
“I dunno,” John chuckled, shrugging a shoulder, “the Maldives are probably nice.”
Sherlock smiled, staring ahead as the sun rays warmed his back, their tandem shadows stretching before them. “I’m glad.”
“No!” he spluttered, rattling his head. “4:30! Four-fucking-thirty, why is everyone-” He stopped, fury dropping to a glare as he realized Sherlock was laughing. “Ass,” he grumbled, glowering down at the man, but Sherlock just grinned.
He shrugged a shoulder. “They’re...interesting.”
Sherlock smiled back, lifting his chin from where it had been resting on his hands, but assumed he did not need to reply.
“You could have used any other word,
Sherlock insisted on paying, making John feel more than a little guilty—he was only here on John’s insistence, after all—and they headed toward the massive building, the innumerable windows reflecting the city lights in spots and streaks. Just short of rounding the corner to the main entrance, Sherlock stopped, grabbing John’s arm and holding him fast.
“And you…don’t like him?”
money, revenge, or love, the same old cycle of petty, predictable emotion, but
Lornes was bustling—or what Sherlock assumed was their version of it—with activity, people talking and laughing as they milled through the patterned brick courtyard and surrounding cobblestone streets. Carts and kiosks in various states of setup littered the square under a canopy of twinkle lights, bright ribbons and glittering garlands bursting from boxes or already wrapped around lampposts, with small bunches of what looked to be paper flowers tucked into every bare corner and crevice. The far end of the courtyard was overtaken by an ice rink, which was already open for business, a few couples and young families wobbling over the polished surface, and a gargantuan tree overlooked it all just beyond, a small army of people surrounding it on ladders as baubles as big as Sherlock’s head were hoisted up onto the boughs. The buildings were a mix of old and new, but a traditional style had been held to, brick and stone with wooden accents, Christmas bleeding from every windowsill and doorway with deep green wreaths and red poinsettias. There was snow piled up along the edges of the street, evidence of a recent storm, but none still lingering on the rooftops or window boxes, which was just as well, in Sherlock’s mind, or he would have been absolutely convinced he’d been tricked onto a film set.
“What?”
the risks again and again.” He paused, straightening his spine as a slow breath eased the set of his shoulders. “You can’t blame yourself for not making me leave,” he said softly, and Sherlock flinched his gaze away. “You never
“Sherlock.”
John searched the photographs, but they all appeared to be normal, nothing out of place and everything in pristine condition. “It doesn’t look like it,” he murmured.
“Soup’s on!” he proclaimed in the worst Southern American accent Sherlock had ever heard, dropping the plastic bag on the kitchen table, the faded yellow smiley face printed on the side fixing Sherlock with its blank black stare. “Come and get it!” He turned his back, humming to himself as he collected paper plates from a cupboard, and Sherlock stood, heart twinging as he glanced once more down at the mobile.
“Obviously,” Sherlock snapped, apparently his favorite word.
“Hi, you’ve reached John Watson! Obviously, I can’t come to the phone right now, but leave your name and number, and I’ll call you back the second I can.”
, and I-”
“Okay, that was a legitimate concern,” Sherlock countered with a firm nod. “I had all the symptoms.”
“And I might actually kill someone if you go back and sleep on that sofa,” he added, and Sherlock laughed, shattering the awkwardness of sentiment that had begun to settle around them. “Seriously, I wouldn’t be able to help myself,” John continued, shaking his head, mockingly mournful. “Be a massacre. Probably safer for everyone if you just stay here.”
“What else?” he asked, eyes sharp as they fixed on his brother, and John frowned, watching Mycroft shift his weight between his polished wingtips.
John smirked, feeling more accomplished than he ever had in his life, and turned around to throw a smug, ‘I told you so’ comment at Sherlock, but the look on the boy’s face erased it from his mind.
“Forty.”
On the opposite side of the car, Mycroft quietly rose out, exchanging a quick, wary glance with Sherlock.
,” Sherlock spat, rolling his eyes as he made to move away, but John shifted, blocking his path.
“Excuse me, who are you?” Lestrade demanded, stepping toward the doorway the man occupied. “This is a closed crime scene.”
“I was very specific. The one with the red locomotive, I said. And what did I get?”
The boy snapped his head up as John entered the lab, closing the door with a quick click as he balanced his laptop awkwardly on his palm.
“Yes?” John answered, voice wafting up the stairs as heavy thumps signalled the removal of his boots. “You alright?”
“You did it again,” Molly said, suddenly at his side, a smirk growing on her face as he turned to her. “Sighed,” she clarified, chuckling at John’s glare, and then they both turned back to the window, watching the man’s repeated fouettés, one of the moves John had managed to place a name to. “I did ballet for a while,” Molly continued, smiling as John turned a curious frown to her. “When I was little. I wasn’t very good,” she admitted with a grimace, and John laughed, shaking his head as he looked back across the street.
“Why?” Molly asked, and John floundered, mouth flapping as his mind raced.
John laughed, shrugging as if to resign the point, and then turned his attention to the girl at the desk, speaking to her briefly as he relieved her of her duties.
Victor narrowed his eyes at her, and then rolled them, huffing a derisive hiss through his nose. “I never stepped out on her,” he muttered, dragging in a last long hit before crushing his cigarette beneath his sole. “Three months, I never did more than dance with other girls.”
Sherlock looked back and forth between John and the street ahead, his hand twisting at the strap on his shoulder as his pulse quickened. There wasn’t supposed to be anyone home until later, but if his father came back early… “No, I-I don’t need-”
“What does it mean?”
“Anderson?” Lestrade said, turning toward the man scowling in the corner.
“Nothing,” he shrugged. “I was just...deducing.”
The horn honked again, and Sherlock hissed an exasperated sigh over his shoulder, waving a hand at the car before turning back.
It was a mark of how dark the times were that John found himself missing Mycroft’s presence, the man a tweed bulwark against the oppressive awkwardness that resettled in the air around them, a toxic cloud corrupting John’s lungs with every strained breath, and he stepped forward, fingertips twitching against his thigh as he made to brush past Sherlock’s averted frame. “I’ll just put the-”
! Over and over! But just bits and pieces, because, I guess, you didn’t know the words to the verses? I don’t know, you were slurring pretty bad by then, but you were
There was a rustle above him, and he started, scraping his head against the bark as he craned his neck upward. A bird rested on the branches overhead, chirping down at him as it curiously tilted its head, and Sherlock chuckled, mentally mocking himself as he looked out over the sunlit hills.
“Are you-”
“Just leave your clothes outside the door,” he said, and then ducked back into the kitchen, leaving Sherlock to nod at the wall before hastening down the corridor, trying to drip as little as possible on the polished hardwood floors.
Sherlock looked down at his hand when John sat beside him, twisting at the edge of the bandage, but, though he couldn’t seem to meet his eyes, he didn’t move away either, even shifting his hand a little over his thigh to make it easier for John to reach.
“You’re right,” he said curtly as he lifted his chin, stopping in the corridor, Sherlock carrying on a few more steps toward the nurse’s office before he turned back. “I- Sorry,” he muttered, shaking his head as he began to retreat back the way they’d come. “I shouldn’t’ve said anything.” He lifted his eyes to Sherlock’s, a forced sort of cold in his gaze, and Sherlock flinched as the blond turned around, every step thickening the guilt in his throat.
The curve on the ‘y’, the eerily straight line of the ‘t’, half the ‘r’s looking like ‘v’s.
“Great!” Mary chirped, bouncing up, reaching over to snatch her projectile paperback from the floor by John’s chair. “I’ll see you guys later then!”
“My event planner- Ya know what, nevermind,” John muttered, rattling his head as he pinched at the the bridge of his nose. “So, if he’s arranging all of these crimes…why? What’s the payout, what does he get out of it?”
Sherlock chuckled, nodding his head.
“Hello, welcome to 221B!”
“Maybe he was just clean,” John said.
“Goodnight, boys,” she bade, a faint twinkle sparking in her tired eyes. “Don’t have too much fun without me.” And, with a lopsided smile, she was gone, the wood creaking with her retreat before Sherlock’s door shut with a soft
“Shhh, corpses don’t talk,” Sherlock silenced, tilting John’s face upward.
He glared at the back of her head, and then turned his eyes to the door of the apartment that was stealing her.
His father on his deathbed, calling them in, giving Mycroft a steady stream of instructions and nothing in the way of goodbyes. He had ignored Sherlock entirely.
“Hey,” Mike greeted as he leaned against the locker beside John’s. “How ya feelin’?”
“He’ll have the chicken pad thai,” John said, walking back to Mrs. Hudson, smiling as he handed her the menu.
John chuckled, wrapping his arm around Sherlock’s shoulders as he dropped a kiss to the corner of his forehead. “I like the new place,” he said, words rumbling deliciously against Sherlock side, and Sherlock burrowed in further, chest aching for an entirely different reason as he nestled his head on John’s shoulder. “The kitchen looks brand new.”
Sherlock blinked at the mobile hovering between them, shock turning to suspicion as his eyes flicked up to John’s face, but his expression just as quickly smoothed, a fragile smile curling his lips as he gently slipped the phone from John’s grasp. “Alright,” he said softly, squinting as his eyes adjusted to the ungodly glow of John’s screen, and then navigated to the contact list, tapping over the keypad as John bit his cheek to keep from beaming. “It’s just before that red awning,” he stated, John frowning out into the darkness a moment in confusion, and then remembered there was a reason other than flirting that Sherlock was in his car, and pulled over beside the curb just shy of the aforementioned awning, bold white letters proclaiming ‘Speedy’s’ stretched across the face of the plastic.
time with my
Lestrade scrutinized the two of them, and Sherlock hoped John was better at suppressing his tells than he was at reheating waffles. “Fine,” Lestrade said finally, and Sherlock internally sighed in relief. “Then how did he know?”
“Sister?” Sherlock inquired, and John nodded, the car then falling silent as the forecasted spring rain began dotting the windshield. “Take a left at the light,” Sherlock advised, pointing up ahead, and John neatly merged into the appropriate lane, creeping forward into the intersection as he waited to complete his turn. “I- I’m sorry,” the man murmured after a moment, peering up at John through his lashes. “About-About your dad. I didn’t mean to-”
“What? Why?” John snapped, anger growing in his confusion.
Sherlock jumped as John slammed his tray down across from him, pale fingers nearly losing their grip on the book they were holding.
“Actually, you’re right on time,” Irene said, hopping to the edge of the sofa and placing her tea on the coffee table before crossing her legs and folding her hands on a knee. “I was just telling John about my career goals.”
“I’m not pretending to be a corpse so you can ‘interact with the scene’,” John mocked, his fingers bending quotes in the air.
“Like how you ended up in his clothes.” She flicked a glance down at the logo on Sherlock’s hoodie, Sherlock instinctively ducking his chin and plucking at the fabric.
“Well,” Mary clipped, lifting her chin at John, “we’ll just see about that. Sherlock?”
Sherlock replied with a satirical winking-and-blowing-a-kiss emoji; Irene responded with yet another eye roll; and the conversation seemed to come to a close just in time for Greg to walk through the door.
“Hey guys,” Devon said, the seat in front of Sherlock rattling as the black-haired boy jumped into it on his knees. “So, whadya reckon? Sheffield got a chance?”
“You’re impossible.”
“Bury it where?” Sherlock mumbled, and John laughed, Mrs. Hudson giving the detective a small slap on the arm as she passed.
And, just like that (and an epilogue), it's over!! Endings are always bittersweet, but I'm still glad this tiny Christmas fic spiraled out of control. It's been fun for me, and I hope you've enjoyed the ride as well.
Lestrade hummed affirmatively. “Up in Clapham. You have time to come in and take a look? It’s officially a serial now, and we’ve got an incident room set up.”
He hadn’t imagined that, had he? No, he couldn’t have. He’d still be able to feel his legs if he’d imagined it.
“It does always seem to happen that way,” he said, his full lips twitching in a smile as he watched Molly talking animatedly, her hands shifting in the air between her and Greg. “The people involved can never see what’s going on.”
“Fuck,” he muttered, but there was no real heat to it, and he carefully placed the vandalized conversation hearts on his nightstand, haphazardly sweeping the rest of them onto the floor before falling asleep scrolling through the messages again and again.
Lestrade’s expression hardened, but he said no more, and, within another few minutes of tense silence, they were outside, bathed in the flashing lights of no less than four ambulances.
“Sherlock!”
“We didn’t need you on this one,” he said tiredly, understandable considering he had already explained this numerous times. “It was obviously a domestic murder; we just had to collect enough evidence for a warrant.”
“If you say Scooby, I swear-”
, ducking his face away as Sherlock breezed past him.
“I don’t,” Sherlock interjected, shaking his head as his eyes scanned over the black print. “Why do they serve cheeseburgers and lasagna?” he asked, frowning up at John, who laughed, shrugging a shoulder and glancing down at the menu.
“Was his name on there?” John asked, and Molly shook her head, folding her arm back in.
“Well, I won’t have any either,” John murmured, lowering the pencil to the paper, “but I guess we’ll just put some tripe about checking with one another first or something.”
“Just do it,” John muttered, bobbing his head in earnest, but Sherlock had no such intentions.
“Perhaps we should table this for another time, gentlemen,” John said as he stood, sweeping his papers into a loose pile and gathering them up. “Give everyone time to look over the proposals.”
There, spread across the window pane, were several sheets of paper taped side-by-side, thick black marker spelling out a message in Sherlock’s jagged handwriting.
“John,” Sherlock interjected, trying not to smile and mostly succeeding. “Go.”
Damn, Sherlock should’ve thought of that. He began bobbing his knee, trying to think up a plausible reason why he would have suffered the Christmas crowds of Oxford Street, but John was quicker.
“What happened to dancing ‘til morning?” Sherlock teased, and John tipped his chin up to glare at him before peeling himself up straight again.
Sighing heavily, he shoved his hands in the pockets of his black trousers and began to walk in the direction of what looked like a rather busy cross street. He could probably get a cab there, at least, and hopefully the driver would know where Langley was. The smooth plastic of his phone brushed against his fingers, and he pulled it out, opening the contacts to investigate the new ones Lestrade had entered. The endeavor was cut short, however, as he noticed a new name had been added to his favorites, hovering at the top of the list along with his mother and sister. Chuckling, he clicked the name, opening a text.
John smiled softly in spite of himself, temporarily putting his probably unfounded fear and jealousy aside. “Don’t worry about it,” he assured, shaking his head, the physical, mental, and emotional exhaustion beginning to wear on his eyelids. “I have morning breath anyway,” he joked, but Sherlock didn’t smile, only tilted his head and frowned.
“GET OFF HIM!”
Mike nodded to the driver—Francis, Sherlock thought he’d muttered in introduction when they set out that morning—before opening the back door, letting John and Sherlock slide in first before climbing in after them, taking the seat next to John, Sherlock sitting on the bench opposite to ride backwards.
“Um…Friday?” he replied, and John snorted, covering his mouth with the back of his hand as Mary glared at him.
Sherlock frowned, turning to follow his brother’s eyeline.
There was nothing more John could do, nothing more Sherlock could ask for. He didn’t want him to beg or cry or perform some grand gesture of penance, he just wanted… Well, he had no idea what he wanted, but he knew he
The boy hovered a moment, the shifting of his shoes in the grass conveying his uncertainty, and then his feet disappeared, steps crunching at Sherlock’s left.
“I don’t know how much Sherlock’s told you, but I’ve made something of a name for myself. They don’t call me ‘The Whiphand’ for nothing.” She giggled at what John was sure was a rather mortified expression. “The point is, there’s no actual sex involved,” she finished bluntly. “People pay me to tie them up, to give them pain, to
“Your cough is only getting worse, and your throat’s still sore,” John countered, not even sparing him a glance as he folded a t-shirt into his bag.
John frowned at the back of his head, but, upon realizing he wasn’t that hungry yet either, merely walked past him to the fridge. “I’ll leave ‘em in here. We can eat la- WHAT THE HELL!?”
Sherlock complied, nearly halfway through the glass when the front door opened and shut, footsteps hard on the steps as they were taken two at a time.
“Belike for want of rain, which I could well,” Mary spoke, looking up at the ceiling, her brow furrowing in thought. “Beteem them…from the tempest of my eyes,” she finished in a mutter, dropping her head expectantly, and John tried to dredge up his reply.
“I-I don’t-,” she stammered, rattling her head.
“Vatican cameos,” Sherlock repeated, frustrated, as usual, with the need to reiterate.
With shaking hands, he lifted his mobile in front of his face, flinching as he was confronted again with John’s message, and then quickly tapped the call button, lifting the speaker to his ear.
desperate to be rid of you,” he said, his eyes warm as his lips quirked. “You’ll be our referee. Reset the fight, award touches, determine right of way, all that.”
Sherlock tilted his head, brow furrowing. “Why would it be bad for children to watch that?” he asked, inferring from the conversation with Sarah that something much more traumatic had happened.
“-but I didn’t lie about the rest of it,” Sherlock finished steadily, lifting his eyes, and John’s brow twitched in a frown. “I
John turned, finding the startled face of Mrs. Hudson peering at him through the balusters.
“Yes. Seems unnecessarily complicated, but…” He trailed off with a shrug, and John laughed, picking up the half-filled bag as they returned to their task.
“On second thought, I’ll just drink bleach.”
“You guessed I wouldn’t want to sit with you yesterday morning.”
“It’s my nickname at the shelter. That I gave to myself, but still.” He shrugged, Sherlock laughing as they rounded a row of cages near the back of the group, fewer people wading that far through the canine parade.
Sherlock nodded, mouth full of whole grains.
In a way, he supposed he had, the lingering glances and smiles Victor exchanged with professors, baristas, and every man in between during their eight-month relationship hardly subtle, but, since Victor had suggested he move in two months ago instead of renewing his lease, he’d noticed a steep decline in that behavior, the man back in their shared bed every night instead of calling Sherlock with a flimsy excuse while club music pounded in the background.
“You’re awake,” John interjected, bobbing a nod, and then turned his face away, standing up and turning his back to Sherlock as he ambled across the rug, his footsteps soundless. “It’s sort of like your mind palace,” he explained, shrugging a shoulder as he turned back, a corner of his mouth twitching in a faint smirk, “except closer to a hallucination.”
on you.”
Sherlock’s mouth dropped open with a splutter, a hand waving back and forth between Irene and the corridor. “You and-and John! Why would you- Why did you do that!?”
“You must be hungry,” she said, patting John’s arm as he sat down. “Travelling on Christmas Eve is
to you! Why you cannot even
Downtown was quiet, as workday afternoons were wont to be, a few people here and there carrying coffee or shopping bags, the streets growing more crowded as they moved out of the shadows of office buildings and into the shopping district near the square. As they continued to drive, Sherlock took note of the people, the subtle shift in demographic, heels getting higher and coats getting less faux as they drove around the center of town and into a neighborhood of older townhomes and restaurants declaring their incompatible fusion status. They stopped in front of a wide bank of windows, people in suits and tailored dresses dining at white-cloaked tablecloths inside, swirling gold script on the door and a sleek black sign hanging overhead denoting the restaurant “Stella’s”.
John laughed, lodging the bowl of popcorn between their thighs in open invitation. “Nobody scored, then,” he surmised, taking a long drink of the dark beer Sherlock still felt nauseous recalling.
“Yeah,” John confirmed, hands slipping into the pockets of his jacket, which drew the inspector’s attention to the bright red garment, his eyes widening as he pointed to the Barts emblem on the breast.
“You?” John blurted. “I would’ve signed the damn thing too! Maybe we could get our own ward in the asylum.”
Émile arched a brow. “Half the polo team.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, shifting his weight between his feet. “You really don’t-”
suggested we look back at the original statements,” he said, waving a hand through the air, “and, as it turns out, the receptionist
“Sherlock!” John spluttered, feet moving quickly to keep up with Sherlock’s momentum. “I’m fine, really! They’re just gonna tell me it’s bruised.”
“Why not?” John asked, and Sherlock quirked a brow at him.
“Listen very,
“Yeah,” John confirmed, pulling his keys from his pocket. “I got the early shift tomorrow.”
“Just wait till you get to the police box bit,” John said excitedly, and Sherlock could hear his voice get clearer as he likely picked the mobile up. “It’s great. The Doctor really-”
“No,” Sherlock mused, and John had to give up on the syrup before his waffle drowned, placing the bottle on the table and looking up to find Sherlock tilting his head across at his brother. “No, you most certainly
“Was that- Was he talking about
“The Royal Penthouse?” he questioned, giving Sherlock a scandalized look he wasn’t entirely sure he deserved. “The
John opened his mouth, but the retort stalled, his voice caught around the foot he was being force-fed. “Well, no, I- This is different.”
John tipped his neck over the back of the sofa, puffing a laugh at the ceiling. “Bit livelier than I imagined.”
“Well, I- Why does it matter?” he muttered, instinctively defensive.
“If you’re better off pretending,” he whispered, and Sherlock scanned over his face, terror thumping through his veins. John only smiled, however, folding another arm back to prop his head up just enough to see the screen far below them. “It is a shame we can’t hear the sound, though,” he said, picking up the previously abandoned thread, and Sherlock released a trembling breath of relief, John’s ‘you’ apparently not intended to be specific. “I’ve no idea what’s going on.”
, and people
“What?” he muttered, frowning as he rattled his head, struggling with a clear domed lid. “Sherlock, I don’t-”
is wrong with you?”
“You draw me, you hard-hearted adamant!” Molly urged, grabbing onto his arm and spinning him back, and John found himself getting pulled in by the words, unwittingly caught up in the flowing prose and flutter of Sherlock’s curls when he turned to the girl. “But yet you draw not iron, for my heart is true as steel: leave you your power to draw, and I shall have no power to follow you.”
The message from Jeanette was still up when he swiped it open, thumb hovering over the screen, and Sherlock swallowed, an impassive smile already on his face by the time John glanced up at him.
They ate silently, John pushing more and more bits of their shared meal to Sherlock’s side of the dish when he thought Sherlock wasn’t looking. Nearly through the plate of chips, Sherlock was slowly biting through the fried skin when John broke the quiet.
of the thing!”
“My phone has signal,” Mary countered, Sherlock looking back over his shoulder to find her waggling the mobile in the air. “Full bars.”
“Done already?” he asked, passing Sherlock his foam cup with a smile.
“So, we were in the cafeteria, right? And we’ve got maybe fifteen minutes before English, and Mary comes running in saying she’s forgotten to do the homework, and- Sherlock?”
“You’d know which one it was going to be. You’d figure out the curve of my thumb and current air pressure meant it’d turn up heads or something.”
He’d gotten a call from his mother early that morning, telling him she was checking into the rehab and wouldn’t be able to contact anyone for the first two weeks. It was a strained conversation, the kind with a script of forgiveness and reassurance already written out in the kinder parts of your brain, but John had mostly just hummed in acknowledgement and muttered agreements, choking out an ‘I love you too’ that Sherlock had kindly dropped a notebook during to pretend he hadn’t heard. John hadn’t been able to focus the rest of the day, however, prompting a rather significant role reversal that he would probably be able to appreciate much better tomorrow.
“Well, it’s definitely warm,” he said, checking the folds of the collar, “I’ll give it that.”
“John!” Molly half-laughed, shaking her head at him. “It’s just a girl!” she said, throwing a hand up at the window. “Just someone watching him practice. He might not even
“Okay then,” he chirped, and Sherlock laughed, shaking his head in amusement as John ambled backward. “I’ll just go cancel that order,” he said, bobbing a thumb back over his shoulder.
fine going-”
“Really?” Coach Powles asked, nodding appreciatively. “How’d he think of that?”
“Still there?” Molly asked from behind him, drawing up to his side where he stood behind the cash, and John hissed in a steadying breath before replying.
, Sherlock spinning on his socked heels in alarm. “Did she- Is she-” He blinked up at Sherlock, desperately searching the steel blue gaze for a miracle, but there would be no reprieve, Sherlock’s eyes pinching at the corners before he turned his chin away, leaving John alone with his grief.
“Illogical,” Sherlock dismissed with a shake of his head. “There are simply too many possible options. I would need more data in order to make a reasonable assessment.”
He sat both down on the spare section of table the coffeemaker and microwave left free, and then began tearing free the plastic from the popcorn, John wordlessly coming up beside him to start opening bags.
woman in HR who always wears the red nail varnish-”
John closed his eyes, forehead creased with indecision as a sigh rattled past his lips. “I- I don’t-” he murmured, shaking his head, and, for a moment, Sherlock’s stomach plummeted clear through the floor, “I don’t know what I’m doing.” He looked down at Sherlock, expression open and afraid, and it was nothing like Sherlock had ever seen on his face, normally so steadfast and certain.
John laughed, smiling at her over his shoulder as he headed back toward the table, and Irene rolled her eyes, waving a hand at him like a lost cause.
John rolled his eyes, but said nothing, apparently content to play his advantage when it suited. “Think you can wring a ride out of him too? Mrs. Hudson will be angry enough as it is without adding a taxi to the mix; you know how she is about cabbies after 11.”
“Come on,” John goaded, and, begrudgingly, Sherlock turned his head, squinting out over his shoulder. John was beaming down at him, holding out a plate he could not yet see the contents of, but his stomach lurched anyway.
He startled, turning at the soft voice to find Sherlock looking at him, expression uncommonly soft around his ever-alert eyes.
“Don’t mind him,” she said, placing a hand on Sherlock’s arm, the man’s grey eyes darting down to glare at the touch. “He fancies himself a psychic.”
Still, Ethan was attractive enough, and it was only a party, no joint custody of a dog under negotiation just yet. Surely there was no harm in meeting someone new, especially someone who�—miracle of miracles—was
John blinked, head snapping fully toward him in shock.
“Mrs. Hudson made these earlier. Well, yesterday, I guess,” he muttered, sliding the tray off the sheets, but Irene stopped him as he moved to take the blue floral bundle back in his arms.
“No!” Sherlock urged, stepping forward determinedly. “No, we can’t ‘drop it’; what is the
“Wow,” John said, genuinely impressed, “that’s pretty cool, actually. But I still don’t understand how this-”
,” he snarled. “You and your fucking
“No, Sherlock, that’s not going to-”
Sherlock rattled his head, pinching at the bridge of his nose as he stomped into the kitchen, feeling a secondhand hangover building in his frontal lobe. He pulled a glass from the cupboard, testing the tap water with his fingers until it ran cold, and then placed the cup into the stream, wiping the damp side down with the sleeve of his jumper as he returned to the living room.
“ON THE GROUND!”
“No,” he replied instead, shaking his head, and Victor blinked, clearly taken aback. “I’ve already got plans.”
,” he snipped, “but I think that ship’s pretty well sunk, don’t you?”
“You would lie.”
He did not turn as he heard the car grind against the gravel, his fingernails digging into his palms as he tried to calm his pounding heart. Not that it would make any difference, he realized with an internal sigh. Sherlock would probably know the moment he saw him anyway.
John’s draw dropped open, Sherlock mirroring the expression while Mycroft’s eyes blew wide, all three of them exchanging looks to confirm this wasn’t a joint hallucination.
“I’ve gotta shower,” he said softly, the clock now reading 5:38, and Sherlock grunted in response, John chuckling as he moved to the edge of the mattress, dropping a kiss to Sherlock’s temple before gathering some clothes from the dresser and heading to the bathroom.
“Well, hopefully not for long,” John said firmly, his tone brokering no argument as he straightened, hands on his hips. “Go back to the dorm,” he ordered. “Lie down. Try to get some sleep. Take my blanket or whatever if you get cold, alright? As soon as I’m done here, I’ll come up and get you something to eat.”
And Sherlock had, he always had. And he couldn’t afford to forget it now.
. “Be
“It doesn’t,” he swore, shaking his head, and then dropped his gaze to Sherlock’s chest. “Not to me, anyway, but- I don’t want you to feel- I don’t wanna be like that.” He lifted his chin, expression torn as blue met Sherlock’s grey. “I don’t wanna push you into anything; make you do something you’re not comfortable with.”
! It was unholy, really, the soft gasps and broken moans and whimpers whispering between them as John traced his tongue over Sherlock’s mouth, paying special attention to the roof after it became clear Sherlock had a weakness for it, fingernails digging into the back of John’s neck in a way he almost hoped left a mark.
“Mum, Dad”—he waved a hand between them, heart thundering in his ears—“this is John.”
Sherlock glared back into John’s glittering eyes as he returned the phone. “You do realize the easier solution would be to simply-”
“You should go,” he said, nodding after the scattering team. “They’ll want to toast to your success.”
, Sherlock,” Lestrade said, and Sherlock flinched, guilt rising hot in his throat, though that had surely not been Lestrade’s intention. “And this guy- Well, he doesn’t seem the type to back down. He’ll kill him, Sherlock,” he said, voice dropping with painful sincerity. “You know that. He’ll kill John.”
The sergeant gave him a firm shove, Sherlock stumbling a bit as he emerged from behind the desks, and John got his first proper look at the curious stranger who’d called him in the middle of the night.
“I’ve heard it both ways.” He said it casually enough, but smirked when Sherlock looked at him questioningly, recognizing the mocking repetition. Reaching out, he grabbed a sheet of white paper from where it rested beside his knee, pulling it back up in front of his face, obviously what he had been in the middle of when Sherlock woke.
“Yeah, sure thing. Nice meeting you,” the man replied, the last of the phrase just slipping through the doors as they rattled shut, the image of his parting smile still lingering in front of John’s eyes.
The restaurant was loud and, to Sherlock’s dismay, crowded, traversing the dining room something of an obstacle course of chair legs and trailing coats, but the food was good, and the company better, Mary gleefully recounting her latest horrible customer story from the cafe where she worked.
“Don’t interrupt me.” He wasn’t shouting, wasn’t even all that loud, but there was something cold and terrifying in the way John spoke that lifted every hair on Sherlock’s body.
“You’re in a hurry today,” she remarked as he tugged open the backdoor, front seat measurements apparently absolutes no matter how advanced you were intellectually. “Was the party that bad?”
Sherlock nodded, sparing John the need to respond. “Did you take it?”
“One of my many lesbian superpowers,” she quipped, flashing him a wink as she bobbed her head toward the corner of the building, and Sherlock rolled his eyes, hunching his shoulders against a breeze as her followed back toward the courtyard. “So, what are you gonna do?” she asked as they drew near the main door, slowing a bit before they had to part ways beyond. “You want me to come to the game Friday? Scope him out first? If he’s a real minger, I’ll text you, and you can make a run for it.”
“You’ll probably get dragged out on to a lot more of these, ya know? Crime scenes. Most of them not so” –he gestured vaguely back toward the office door- “clean.”
Sherlock was going to blame the weakness in his knees on the latent surprise of John’s appearance, because there was no way he would ever admit to it just being the kiss, the feel of John’s wind-and-sun-chapped lips against his smoother ones, the way his tan fingers lifted up into Sherlock’s curls like he never wanted to let him go, like he’d never left at all, and, though they pulled apart mere seconds later, Sherlock was utterly breathless. He blinked, slowly focusing on John’s face, which was smiling softly as his eyes flickered brightly between Sherlock’s.
His mother chuckled, the blurry image of her head shaking where he could see it through his lashes, and then she turned back to the front, turning on the engine and checking behind her before pulling out into traffic.
The attendant, notably more relaxed with Sherlock safely sequestered, approached John, standing in front of him and wringing his hands as he leaned down. “Is there anything you’d like me to bring in, sir?” he asked in short, nervous tones.
“I love you,” he whispered, not to be heard, but to say it, to speak it into the universe and so make it true, a solemn oath sworn to the darkness. He gripped John’s hand as an understanding washed over him, the little ember of anger he’d been breathing life into snuffed out by its wake, because there was nothing,
This space is usually used for a quote, but I have a couple heads-ups for you guys that take precedence today.
“You-!” he snarled, but could go no further with John beaming and blinking at him like that. “Fine,” he spat with a wave of his hand, dismissing the pointless argument, “take the blanket.”
“Anyway, I-I would’ve normally just mentioned it right then, but- Well, then we got talking, and- This really does sound stupid,” he muttered, shaking his head as he closed his eyes against the apparent self-loathing, and then ducked his chin, peering shyly up at John through his lashes. “You see, the whole you being the rugby captain thing came up relatively early in the conversation, and I- Well, I wanted you to like me, and I-I thought, if you knew I- I didn’t think you would- I was worried you’d-”
“Yes, you did, that was a hesitant no. Why are you hesitantly not with John?”
“What?” John just shy of snapped, checking the waste unit anyway before slamming the drawer back into place.
John’s eyes shot wide, his mouth dropping open as he barely restrained himself from giving the friend-of-a-friend a profane piece of his mind. “I- On the rugby team!” he spluttered. “I play hooker on the rugby team!”
As Kevin rambled, turning to point out some spot on the field, John chanced a glance toward the bench where Sherlock was talking to a rather animated Devon. The detective didn’t seem in any particular distress, however, his hands tucked into the pockets of his Consulting Coach jacket, shoulders soft and at ease as he nodded thoughtfully at whatever Devon was saying. As if sensing the glance, his eyes flicked over, catching John’s, and he blinked, a telepathic question in the tilt of his head.
Mrs. Watson floundered, arms shifting up and down with indecision. “John, I- I didn’t- I didn’t mean-”
Sherlock smiled shyly, ducking his head, and John didn’t think he—or his stomach, for that matter—would ever grow accustomed to seeing a blush on those pale cheeks. “Well…alright,” he muttered, flashing a brighter smile before turning to the boxes. “I suppose we should get started,” he sighed, as if this wasn’t his literal and figurative Christmas. “What do you think?” he asked, opening the tops of a few of the boxes and giving the contents a quick flip-through with fluttering fingers. “Poison or stabbing first?”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “I’m being serious,” he snipped, and John smiled, nodding softly as he once again bowed his head.
She eyed him a moment longer, and then clipped a sharp nod, twisting on her heels and continuing off down the corridor. “Good,” she snapped, and Sherlock smiled down at his shoes, hands slipping into the pockets of his dark jeans.
? No, Mycroft doesn’t have a girlfriend. Mycroft has cake, and the occasional pie if he’s desperate, but no
“Ladies, please,” Mycroft interrupted, voice flat with equal parts exasperation and disinterest, and Sherlock’s eyes turned away, John’s narrowing on the impassive face as he wondered if he’d been wound up on purpose, the prospect almost comforting in its normalcy. Mycroft looked up over the top of the page, fixing Sherlock with a shrewd gaze. “You’re certain?” he asked, and Sherlock tipped his head, unamused. “Very well,” he said, slipping the coroner’s report back into the folder and returning it to his briefcase. “I’ll have them run DNA when this is all through. In the meantime, if she felt she needed to fake her own death”—John blinked between them, leaping the usual few steps the Holmes brothers skipped—“she’ll be in need of protection. Do you have any idea where she’d go?”
“You wouldn’t be bothered if there was a body.”
“Alright,” John agreed, replacing
It had been rather late when Sherlock pushed into John’s room, derailing the plans for a quiet New Year’s Eve rung in with sparkling cider in front of the tele, and instead dragging the reluctant blond out into the cold, crowded streets with only the order to pack a bag.
“It’s my fault, sir,” John interjected, because he was an
Sherlock bit the inside of his cheek and dropped his chin, index finger scraping over the rough edges of John’s skin. “I’m not
“Um, yeah,” John muttered, his eyebrows furrowing at the back of the boy’s head. John waited, but apparently that was all he was going to say. “So,” John continued, clearing his throat, “you must be-”
“Right, of course,” John said, brightening a little. “I’ve heard a lot about you from Molly,” he added, catching the lightning sidelong glance Sherlock shot him at the lie.
“That’s a good lad,” Mrs. Hudson praised, and Sherlock winced, unnoticed by the woman who had turned back to the tea-in-progress.
Mycroft blinked, a small twitch in his jaw and readjustment of the umbrella in his hands the only outward signs of his discomfort, but the fact that he was showing anything at all spoke volumes. “Sherlock,” he said stiffly, nodding in greeting as the boy halted a few feet from the group, positioning himself closest to Lestrade. “You look…better.”
“Groups?” John echoed, grimacing as Sherlock nodded miserably. “How’s that working out?”
Sherlock glared at her, hoping for a crack, but The Woman hadn’t earned the name by being weak, and, after an eye-burningly long time, he sighed, turning his face away. “Do you know anything about Moriarty?” he asked.
But then, whether because of the gradually more traumatic material—Fuck Russell T Davies, seriously. And Moffat, jesus,
Muscles stiffened again, the smile on his face hitching slightly, but John still did not reach for the buzzing phone.
“John!?” Sherlock shouted after him, laughter rippling through his voice. “Don’t be mad! You’ll be a great hooker! Best damn hooker the school’s ever had!”
Of course, there were some unforeseen complications, namely a certain John Watson himself, sweaty and dirt-streaked and
“Unbelievable!” a voice that sounded like Kendall said from above, and the pressure on his body grew.
John swallowed, obviously unnerved, and his brow furrowed as he looked back down at the cover of the folder in his hand. “So, Claire Jones…”
“Were you expecting someone else?” he snapped, and Lestrade huffed a sigh.
Sherlock smiled, a soft laugh hissing through his nose as he looked down, tracing his thumb across John’s skin. “I’m not in the library Tuesdays and Thursday,” he murmured, looking through his lashes as John’s face slowly shifted into a grin, and then the blond lifted his empty hand, clutching it around the back of Sherlock’s neck as he pulled him down to meet his lips.
“I suppose you’ll need to…get settled or something,” the detective muttered, jerking his shoulders in a shrug. “Bathroom is downstairs, but you know that already. There’s a shelf cleared off for you in the medicine cabinet.”
“See ya,” he answered, and then watched as John walked away to the desk, his interaction with the blonde as they switched shifts not hurting quite so much as it normally did.
“I thought the plastic ball knew everything.”
There, perched on a stand on the middle shelf, was an impeccably maintained Stradivarius violin, unmistakable to Sherlock’s trained, envious eye. The warm wood shone even in the dim light, polished to perfection, the modern bow standing beside it the only sign the violin was intended to be played at all. Sherlock had never expected he would see such an instrument again outside of a museum, but, if it had to be anywhere, he supposed a palace made the most sense.
He looked uncertainly between the constable and Sherlock for a moment, reading in Sherlock’s frown that he had no idea what John was about to say, hadn’t pieced this bit together yet, which was going to make this all the more difficult. “Last night,” he began, leaning forward over his knees as he spoke directly to Sherlock, “I was wearing your coat.”
“Now who’s stereotyping!”
“Who’s that guy you were talking to before the play?” Coach questioned, abrupt and direct.
“Oh, you’re very brave,” he crooned, smile on his face and ice in his eyes, “trying to lie to me. Tell me something, Seb,” he chirped, clasping his hands behind his back as he strolled idly to the side. “Do you have any idea how expendable you are?”
his endgame.”
“We won,” John said, a touch dismissive, his mission of uncovering Sherlock’s hidden agenda clearly not forgotten. “Mike took a pretty bad hit. I’ve been running back and forth to the ice machine since we got back.”
“What? No I wasn’t.” John wrenched his arm back, tugging at the coat to turn it as he placed his chin on his shoulder, stretching to peer down at the damage. “Oh, look at that,” he practically chirped, fingers pushing into the newfound hole, “I guess I was.”
“I-” she gasped, looking down at her own hand as if just realizing she was attached to it, and there, in the moment of sobriety, was a glimpse of the woman she must someday have been. “John, I- John, I’m sorry.”
“I was jealous.”
He threw the vial to the ground, crushing it firmly under his shoe as he crossed the aisle, wrenching the front of Victor’s shirt in his fist as he pulled the man up to his face, leaving his legs struggling for footing on the slick grass.
“Fine,” Sherlock answered with a curious frown. “I didn’t do anything.”
“Shocking,” Lestrade deadpanned, and John smothered a smile at the carpet as Sherlock cleared his throat.
“Kendall?” John echoed, frowning as he lowered the book to his lap. “As in Kendall Price?”
“Of course, dear.”
Sherlock’s brows twitched in a momentary frown, and then his face regained its blank expression, his gaze listless when Lestrade met it with a sigh.
“I don’t care; you’re not,” he challenged, surprised at the fierceness in his tone.
, John,” he added, almost haughty except for a twitch of his eye. “You’ve always liked women.”
John frowned, tilting his head down at him from where he sat on the bed, Sherlock seated on the floor against the wardrobe opposite. “Are you alright?” he asked, searching over him, and Sherlock nodded, dropping his eyes to his crossed legs.
John chuckled as he placed his folded, uniform trousers into a drawer. “It’s fine, I’m sure we-”
John glanced pointedly up at Devon before sweeping to the next photo. “And this one?”
John pulled his wallet out of his back pocket, fishing around in one of the flaps for change.
John dropped the bag he was working on, a few beans pattering over the counter as he spun around, practically throwing himself over the cash register. He checked his watch again, 4:48 looking back at him, and then lifted his chin just in time to see the light come on in one of the second story windows of the building across the street, right on time, as always.
Irene had sent him the same message three times so far that week, and he’d ignored it every time, deleting it from his inbox and his mind. He’d thought she would take the hint, or at least get bored, but it didn’t appear he would get so lucky, and, with the weekend coming up, he didn’t want to risk her coming here, what she had to say likely not the kind of thing he wanted John hearing.
“It was, sir. He recently named his son CEO.”
. Please?” He looked up, knowing what he was asking, knowing what it would take, but he needed this, needed a chance. “Just…give me time? Please?”
“What?”
“Avian ileum.” He looked at John over the top of the mobile, growing bored with the demonstration. “I did try to explain it to you.”
“Ah, of course,” he sighed, nodding sagely. “A different
a choice in the matter, but good intentions were only worth so much, and they certainly couldn’t fix anything.
“Unlikely,” Lestrade muttered, making a note before glancing up at Irene’s furrowed brow. “Moran’s dead,” he explained, and John swallowed, shifting on the cushion, the palpable effort of everyone
Sherlock licked at his lips, pressing them tight in what, by all accounts, looked like contrition, which only made John’s glare sharpen. “I just- After the last interview- Well, I don’t know what’s going to happen, and there are things I would rather you not hear…”
“Well, this is
going to get his aunt those candles—while Mycroft watched Sherlock, eyes narrowing on him before flicking to John. Mrs. Hudson, for her part, was peeling waffles off a large plate with a fork, plopping them onto the plate in front of Sherlock, and turned to John with a wide smile. She opened her mouth, but Mycroft beat her to it, although he most assuredly said something much different than what she had planned.
John?” Sally blurted, poor Mr. Mitchell put on the backburner for the moment, but Sherlock had pretty well wrapped that up for them anyway. “
“You called,” John murmured, and Sherlock swallowed, bobbing a weak nod. “You never call.”
John rattled his head as they neared the door of the incident room Lestrade had set up for him, and he supposed he owed the man the “good news” sooner rather than later, considering the knowing smiles and smart remarks he’d had to deal with when he came up with this idea those couple weeks ago. They’d figure it out, Sherlock and him. Making decisions together. How mature.
“Sherlock?” John questioned, concerned as he turned back toward him. “Sherlock, what is it?”
He turned as slightly as he could, straining his eyes to the corners to find John at the end of the wraparound counter, pouring out a drink as he made idle conversation with one of the too-many girls gathered opposite him.
Sherlock shrugged. “You just look a bit warm.”
In spite of tackling Sherlock into the wall, John hadn’t realized how close they were, hadn’t noticed the lengths of their bodies pressed together from knee to chest, felt the thrum of Sherlock’s heart against his own caged in his ribs, or the heat of his mouth as he panted against John’s palm, chapped lips grazing his skin with every breath. He searched between Sherlock’s eyes, expecting confusion, or maybe even anger, but found only the same lost expression he sensed on his own face, and drew in a shuddering breath, the cool air clearing his head enough for him to communicate to his legs to step back, fingers only trembling a little as he pulled his hand from Sherlock’s mouth. He couldn’t quite manage speech yet, but, as he ought to have expected, Sherlock had that part covered, smiling softly as he ducked his head, watching John through his lashes.
“We have to make it look like you’re living here,” Mycroft said, ignoring the interruption as he started up the stairs, Sherlock right behind him.
or something.”
“Wow, congratulations!” Josh bade, an awkward huff of a laugh hissing from Greg’s throat.
“White chocolate cherry,” he echoed to Mrs. Hudson, but received only a negative hum.
John smiled, shaking his head fondly as he slipped beneath the blanket, still clothed properly below the waist, and then laughed as Sherlock slotted in at his side, tangling both his legs around John’s closer one. “Cold?” John presumed, and Sherlock hummed, nodding against his bare shoulder.
“What?”
Only then did Sherlock realize he hadn’t been breathing, a sigh heaving out of him exactly in time with Molly’s as she collapsed into the chair opposite.
“My father died when I was 11.”
John pulled out her chair, the “couple” exchanging polite smiles before John dropped into his own seat, and Sherlock examined the tilt of their bodies, the slight stiffness in their adjacent sides. Some of it could be written off to nerves, he allowed, anyone expected to be uncomfortable with the prospect of facing an inquisition on their compatibility, but it looked like something more than that, something deeper.
When he thought he was dry enough to not ruin two sets of clothing in one day, he hung the towel up on a free hook and climbed into the pants and trousers, bracing himself on the wall to keep from slipping on the slickened tile. Unfurling the hoodie, he noticed something written on the back, and held it out, finding John’s surname and the number 2 in white block letters, the ironed-on print cracked and peeling with age. Flipping to the front of the garment, he found a crest on the left breast, ‘Hampstead College Rugby’ spelled out beneath it, and ran a thumb over the fading screenprint, smiling fondly to himself.
