"I'm afraid that's not it, boss," Friday told him. "My language processing is quite sophisticated, and I can tell you weren't entirely forthcoming."
"And first I thought you did," Gamora told him. "But only when you became close with Rocket did I realize that you never once stared at my cleavage or ass while doing it."
“For the love of Alphas, stop it, Tony. You’re in Heat, you don’t want this,” Steve managed to peal Tony’s arm off, and stumbled out of the bed.
“Because you’re crying, for one,” Steve told him, and Tony wouldn’t have believed him, but when he checked, it was true. “And because I was a small, helpless kid once - before my first rut. When my dad died, it was just me and my mom without an Alpha provider. And while she always protected me no matter what, I’ve seen her scars. And I still remember the look in her eyes when she told me she was just tired but otherwise completely okay, not unlike you, Tony.”
Except when some mildly irritating sorcerer-wannabe appeared, and Loki wasn't expecting Midgard to even have that level of understanding of magic, so he was caught in a trap.
Thor wasn't going to trust that, and wait it out in Loki's quarters, hidden away. So he went for a walk - and got almost trampled by the Grandmaster's men marching up and down on the corridors, looking for him.
Also breaking up with Pepper after New York, over a simple disagreement when she told him she wanted for Tony to stay safe, and Tony told her she had no right to "order him around like a common Omega", yelling (even Steve could hear in another room, trying hard not to listen in).
While Steve in real life looks always friendly and upbeat when he is aware that Peter is about to press the button at the camera, his whole demeanor changes, and he looks more murderous than sane.
So when he had to go back to school, and Ronan was about to flush down his comics on the toilet, Quill jumped him first, even though he knew he had no chance to win.
Loki still avoided Thor every time his brother tried to pet him, but otherwise acted like a well-behaved cat with everyone else.
"And I also demand you to teach me some magic. So the next time you want to suck my darkness out of my body, at least I'm aware. Maybe even capable of stopping you, if you would use it to kill yourself on the field," Tony now gave Loki a disapproving look. "Deal?"
"That's why we're lucky I've been switched with someone who is a world-renowned genius. I'm going to coach Stark through it."
"I'd go, but... Are you sure you want me there?" Taking the precious time that Steve could spend with just his mom. "Maybe you should just be with her..."
"Except, it's not just bullshit, is it?" Loki was still incapacitated, but otherwise suddenly in a good mood, only too happy to stir some trouble. "You broke free of your control years ago. You only acted as Winter when you last saw Steve because you wanted him to give up on you. For his own sake. You love him so much you want to keep him safe, even if it also means you'll never see him again."
"Please don't," Stephen thought how ridiculous he'd look doing that. "It can't be undone. But, if you help me save the world, I'll help you with whatever paperwork Miss Potts seems to be adamant about."
"If anyone, I'm sure you can figure it out, Cap," Tony patted his shoulder, turning back to his work. "Just whatever you do, don't take any relationship advice from me."
It took 5 years until the situation was somewhat normalized and they could get a biological divorce, and by that time, they were best friends, so Steve secretly wished Wanda didn't want one.
"Wait, so you're trying to say that you'd carried me from the battlefield straight to your bed, getting me naked while nobody knows I'm here?" Loki twisted it and noticed a faint blush creeping up on the Captain's cheek.
He not only didn't manage to convince Thor, but only provoked him, it seemed because he attacked Steve, so Steve had to extract himself to the future with the Stone finally, leaving him behind.
"I... haven't looked into the possible futures just yet, I need to readjust," Stephen told him, but it was a lie. He didn't want to look, because it would also mean that he'd see how without an excuse to see Stark every day, they'd probably never see each other ever again.
Tony felt quite alright, the first time since they’ve met. Steve clearly just needed a new partner after losing a bondmate, and Tony could be that. At that moment, he desperately wanted to be.
Since a soul-mark can be removed, but never tattooed over (and it would be visible on special equipment like X-rays still), the custom was if that a mark was removed, they'd tattoo a new fake (and often way over the top positive) mark on your other arm.
"That's... too kind, but I've gotta go," Coulson decides the only way is to deal with this is to have at least Maria listen to the story, if not all of his friends, and then they'll surely tell him he'd dreamt the whole thing, or that Steve was doing it as part of a charity or a bet or something, and then he wouldn't have to think about it ever again.
"Alright, but once the baby is born, you'll leave the child with me, and never come back. Swear it on your magic."
"It's such a fine weather today, lovely for a walk, don't you agree?" Tony could have nailed the posh British accent accompanying his words better, but what the hell.
And Quill’s usual routine of making friends quickly and easily didn’t quite work, because of his abysmal knowledge of the actual subjects in school (in other places that were the least important but here everyone thought he was stupid), and he identified Gamora as someone people listened to, so he tried to get in her good graces, right on his first day.
"Um, do I need to beat up someone for you, Tony?" Rhodey asked. "I have SuperKick abilities now also, you know."
"I'm not sure he wants me there though. I was just kidding about us dating, but didn't realize he was with Groot all along."
"I'm not. It's not a skill, nor a power!" Steve argued. "It's a simple decision. Repeatedly, every day, but everyone can do it. Again and again, what do you choose? And if the answer isn't what you wanted to choose, and it hasn't been for a long time now, then the energy required to change may be just as much as the energy you waste on grieving the fact that you're stuck."
"Hey, if you aren't here just to look pretty, take this," and he threw something at Loki, who first assumed it would be a bomb or a grenade, but it was an earpiece with Avengers chatter. "Hey Cap, Loki's here, where should I send him?"
"I can't go to the gym 24/7, and Fury can't find me here," Bucky offered and explanation with a small shrug. "He keeps insisting I need to 'talk to a professional' of his choosing, threatening to not let me do missions or go outside until I do."
"It's not. I came looking for you only now because the crappy Midgardian technology is incredibly slow on the uptake," Bucky told him. "But now they have nanobots that can be injected into your blood, and heal you on a molecular level if needed."
It should have been great. Steve had never shared his Heat with anyone before, the couple of flings he had were too casual for that, even back when he had to go through his Heats before the medication.
And he had spent months in a Midgardian hospital bed with the ever so strange mortals as his only company - he was too week to do anything about his condition, and the Midgardian medicine quite frankly was underwhelming compared to what magic could offer.
Just as countless playlists were available in the music app, which he usually used for workouts, or while cooking, and when he decided a fine way to ignore any worries he happened to have was to dance himself out of the shower early in the morning as if no-one was watching because nobody was.
"I got that, and I have been dealing with just that for a while now until you show- I mean, she engineered a way for us to meet again."
"What? I didn't... I truly want to stay here," Steve thought Rocket was talking about Steve coming back to Earth.
Finally, when it was done, not only Loki's magic was completely depleted, but he didn't even have the strength to stand. It must have been the zeal of the battle that kept him going, but now that was gone, he literary collapsed.
Both him and Tony fighting, although neither of them had time to recuperate properly after Steve's Heat, and then - by the time Steve realized Tony was in danger, Tony used the Stones and was dying.
So, Loki did what he felt was the only way. Blocked the door with some magic, and rushed to Stark to kiss him. Didn't even object when that led to something more, soon Tony pushing Loki down on his bed.
Only when Rhodey was shot down on a mission and lost his ability to walk Tony couldn't pretend to ignore him anymore. He had to show up for Rhodey, even if Rhodey made it clear he didn't want to see him.
The good Captain could be just as funny as his conversational partner, just maybe before, he was only surrounded by a group of mediocre people, so it didn't quite show.
“Oh but that’s where you’re wrong, Rogers,” Tony told him firmly, taking his hand. “You’d actually saved me. It just doesn’t look like as you imagined it would, that’s all. But I’m good with that.”
As fun it was to live on Sakaar, the Grandmaster sometimes could be fickle, who would even sell his mother for some entertainment if he was bored. Loki understood this sentiment perfectly and managed to navigate his testy moods most of the time, but then, it couldn't be expected to last forever.
Rhodey went up to a podium, holding the cards Coulson had given him, ready to read them, but then his eyes met with Tony's, and he simply threw them away.
"How did you find me?" Bucky, however, wasn't about to explain to him what had happened, if Steve didn't already know. "I thought you said you trusted me."
"I'm into men. The internet tells me era is more tolerant, but you can understand why I kept it a secret in the past."
"Stephen, are you under the impression that if you were, I'm the type of person who wouldn't tell you that? I know we're not exactly friends but that's only because..."
It didn't take a lot for Tony to learn this, and for a while, as a prodigy, it seemed Howard was proud of him. Not when Tony got older though.
"I wanted to summon it before, and couldn't. You, on the other hand, Captain, are like a twig, and still mightier than me."
Was it surprising that the righteous hero of America only came with conditions like this? No. But Loki could still headbutt the Captain in frustration - just in the hopes of knocking some sense into him.
But Bruce understood, and Tony, at least, seemed to like him better. Maybe it wasn't a lie that before he was annoyed by how "perfect" Steve was, and now that no longer applied, they somehow communicated better.
“That could be a problem,” Tony told him, but then added with a lazy smile. “Because I want to keep your art, and at the moment it’s not going anywhere without a sledgehammer. Maybe you could move to my room?”
"She said it will never happen. I've placed a good enough sum against her, because never is a long time," Rocket shrugged. "But my point is-"
Once on the corridor, probably full of adrenalin if not Alpha instincts, Tony then took a second to plaster Steve on the closest wall and kissed him like there was no tomorrow. Then he left to suit up like nothing happened.
He could bring Bucky to the Tower by not taking no for an answer, but he couldn't force the others to suddenly befriend him, nor Bucky to do anything he didn't want, when he has been already through too much.
Rocket did what he could: he laughed. He was still laughing when he got the Soul Stone in return, and when Bruce undid the snap and he got Groot and everyone back.
"Like with a joke, maybe there's only a connection you see," Vision agreed. "But if it wasn't me, someone else would have to die. If not for the feelings I felt for Wanda first, I'd probably just a machine, not a worthy exchange for a Stone. And if not for losing the Mind Stone, I wouldn't know how much of a gift it was that I could still save billions of people by doing this. For me, it all adds up."
Steve thought they were past the nickname stage, but otherwise Tony was right. Heaven only knows what it could have been like for Bucky.
"And I also have some nicknames for them, but you'll get used to it fast. At least I hope so, for your sake," Fury both promises him and sort of threatens at the same time. "And why are you lot not warming up already, ladies?"
"That's what I've been trying to tell you!" Stark explained in Stephen's body. It was surreal, to say at least. "That I'm not myself! Whoever this is..."
"Maybe once you get to know me, you'll figure I'm not as terrible as you seem to think humans are," the mortal seemed to be proud of himself, which was annoying.
And when Steve put his mind into something, his concentration never ebbed, so only in a couple of days, Bucky almost couldn't remember what it was like not dating him.
Maybe he wasn't Iron Man, but he was still toxic to everyone and everything around him, just as Schmidt was.
Coulson's doing good enough in school. If he puts in some effort, his grades show it, and he also has a grasp of what it means to get to an elite university and he decides quite early that it isn't his path. He'd rather settle for less if he has some time to kill instead.
Tony only got another shrug, but he was convinced Levi was now laughing at him when Strange got back from his morning shower and saw them interacting.
"About what?" Coulson notes how the door is just six feet away, yet he seems to be unable to reach it.
"I fell asleep while meditating in the morning," Strange started. "And saw a couple of thousand possible futures."
He went back to SHIELD requesting the gender change, and since he was Captain America, he got it. Then made a deal to bond with Wanda - not unlike the deal Tony had with May - so she wouldn't be deported.
"But there is. I've literary just said that your motivations are the most common," Banner said. "And you only want to shut me up because it's what keeps you up at night. Not just a fear of being completely ordinary or ignored, but the fear that Odin was right to treat you the way he did because you
And if Loki wasn't allowed to generate mayhem, the second best thing was a worthy opponent to fight and infiltration. He even enjoyed his missions with the mortals - although he made sure to complain left and right about them, lest they suspect.
It had to be the possibly weirdest "birth" ever, with Professor Hulk and Tony Stark assisting Vision just about 10 months later, but baby Nebula was healthy, and being reborn as a child also meant that although she had her own memories, her mind didn't use most of the connections that were already there.
"Obviously, she ages differently," Strange took her hand protectively. "And she's more powerful than all of us combined, so how am I supposed to stop her? Of course, you'd know that if you would have been around..."
"You're surprisingly funny Captain, considering that you're friends with my idiot of a brother," an insult, disguised as a compliment. Classic.
So Loki used a quite intricate spell he'd read about a long time ago that made one's worst nightmare come true. And, as it was his expectation, the sorcerer wanted to retaliate, but now was just gesturing in the air like a madman.
"I didn't know!" Tony waved the sealed document, trying to get the information across. "My mark was different when I was a kid, and by the time I heard it changed, it was after my surgery, and I gave up finding my match by then."
"Hey Steve, wanna come and hang out with Bruce and I tonight? We're having a video game marathon later.".
"Yeah, my junk isn't lovin' it so much right now, holy hell, ballet paid off," Tony groaned, rolling over onto his other side, "Night, slightly more muscular husband."
"Great. Everyone has met and no yelling involved." Tony stated, moving towards the two and jostling Steve's shoulder gently. "Hey Steve, why don't you keep DUM-E occupied while I talk to Pepper for a moment, huh?"
"Let’s see if we can go hang out with bubba in his room instead." Steve said, bouncing the boy lightly as he carried him towards Peter's room.
"My boyfriend says I look good in them and I feel good in them. I feel I should be mostly comfortable in order to focus well enough on my studies, Sir."
In the tub, Peter sniffled, staring at his now wet socks. He'd forgotten to take them off, but was too upset to do anything about it now. The warm water was filled up to his chest, and he stared down at it, watching a stray tear plop into the water.
"I can't wait. It sounds gorgeous. And if we bought it?" Steve hummed happily into his pillow. "I've never lived in a place that hadn't needed to be rented. Or had more than one floor to it."
Peter shifted uncomfortably before squealing and bolting up for his room, not surprised that he got swooped up.
"Yer grumpy," Peter replied, grinning up at Tony before leaning up to kiss his cheek, wriggling out of his arms to go over to his seat at the table.
he was keeping in, but he was sure on the effect it was giving. Steve was already hard again, even after only a bit of stimulation.
"Best watch what you say. He knows an insult when he hears it." The man joked. "He's pretty good at understanding for his age. Might just have two smart boys.”
Tony ignored Peter again in favor of another kiss, cupping his hand around Steve's cheek. Steve grinned and melted into the kiss, breaking away after the moment.
He put the paddle back and grabbed the crop, smacking it against the back of Steve's thighs without warning.
"So, there was obviously more. Considering you were found out under the bleachers." He pointed out, tapping the belt against his leg.
"It's barely eight. If you wanna surprise me with candles and shit when I'm asleep, be my guest," Tony laughed, leaning over to press a kiss to Steve's lips, "Actually, I'm getting up to get out of this and clean myself up before we get started."
I think this is the longest chapter I have written for this work. I thought of making it into two, but Loki will be in the next chapter, so I decided not to give him three chapters. And yes, Loki is a bit OOC. Also I had some trouble making Happy's character, which is why Pepper's pov is used for the wedding.  If anyone is confused about time, well, Peter was gone for about two days or so, and the night of the wedding reception is a flashback. This chapter is a bit non-linear.
“For the most part. It’s not just his records, but scientific data and some of Dr. Erskine’s original notes. The public ones.” They stare at each other. “None of that explains the wall crawling.”
Loki has no care as he backs out and fires the engine. He does not find the silence odd, for he has observed the boy from afar these years.
Barnes’ glare could kill. However, the man takes another gulp of coffee just as the key lime pie arrives for Sam.
“No, you’re puny,” the girl says. “And you have two dads so there’s no milk to make you big and strong like me.” She leans in and takes one of Peter’s carrot sticks. He wishes he had someone with him now. He feels his throat constrict.
“I do,” Tony says. Tears streak down his cheeks. He moves his arms finally and holds Steve. “I know. I just, Steve, I can’t forgive him. I can’t stop the envy. I’m selfish. You and Peter are the best in my life and I can’t lose you again. Please, don’t make me forgive him.”
He runs off and the two are left alone again. It is nice because the house is still full of everyone. Minus Thor who is still on Asgard; but to be alone in a confined space with two quiet people is enough for Natasha and Bruce. Though, with Peter back to normal, the house seems brighter.
“Do we have any string?” Peter asks. He holds a fragile piece of shoelace that splits in two. “I tried to use this but it didn’t work.”
"Of course, the first action was to find a frost giant. They had not been seen in over 100 years. It was here." He gestured to the image. "After weeks of searching and running low on food, that Thor found his giant. During a heavy snowfall, Thor took refuge in a cave. A giant lived there. A runt by the name of Loki who happened to be proficient in magic."
“There are others who’ve tried to replicate the serum which made your Captain father who he is. Each trial with varying results. My aim is to find the ones who your fathers rescued seven years ago. They and you will be my new army and comrades.” Loki smirks at his plan. He has several candidates lined up, including two Canadians. However, the one in the red suit he may leave behind. Too insane for his taste.
I'm back. Yes it has been a month, but don't fret. I will not abandon this story. In other news, I have a tumblr now: clevermoondragon is the name and I am taking story requests. Also, this is my shortest chapter after my longest one. More shit will hit the fan soon and I love cliffhangers.
Stark walks to him, determination in his stride. He holds a brief case. Steve remains in place but his body language is telling. The man will jump in at any time.
“You and Peter are the best things in my life. You kept me going after I was discovered. You made me the happiest man alive. Because of you I have all I need. Peter came and I knew we were complete. I could live without Bucky, Peggy, and every part of my past because I had my future with you.”
“And next to Steve you’re one of the few who can get Tony to listen when he’s like this,” Bruce says. His heart monitor picks up, but slows. “Look, blaming won’t help us. I just need you as a distraction.”
“Fury knows the consequences!” Steve slams the work table. Indents of his fist are left and the tools have scattered to the floor.
“Pep, look at all the people who care for him.  Even Sam, who hates kids, likes Peter. He’s just a little nervous. That Natalie girl loves him and the Barton guy too. Dr. Banner’s smiles are less strained since Peter’s joined this group, and now don’t tell me Peter hasn’t wormed his way into our hearts. Hell, Coulson loves him, not just because he’s Captain America’s son.”
Loki sighs of boredom on the bed. He put Peter on the lounge chair with a blanket and pillow. Loki returns to his window gazing. A chipmunk passes by with another chasing it. Loki rolls his eyes. Midgardian wildlife has no mischief in it. He looks to Peter, who sits cross legged on the floor, folding the newspaper into hats. Loki has some books, but not for mortals’ eyes. Peter has read the articles that have gathered on Loki’s property. He has read through a fair amount. When he finishes, he makes the newspapers into hats, or boats, or he cuts them with the scissors Loki has for the kitchen.
He veers to the left, not watching his stride. Steve follows a new path. It is strange and the air full of a heady scent. Steve moves forward.
Tony still cringes at that memory. Osborn had walked in on Steve and him sharing a nice kiss while the boys were hanging off of Banner in the living room. The man shouted that it was indecent and kept Harry locked up for three weeks, to where Peter became more withdrawn. Not like it was the first time, but still, each and every separation seemed to dimmer the glow in Peter’s eyes.
"Then come down, Anthony," he says. He knows what the answer will be. Steve needs to goad more for the truth.
“Peter should start school sooner than ten. I know you wanted to keep him out of the public eye and we can still do so, but Peter needs to be around kids. It’s good for him,” Steve said.
“That’s it. He comes and disrupts our lives and you let him off with a slap on the wrist. He enters my son’s room, about to do God knows what—”
Tony smiled, just elated to see how, despite the elder’s open bigotry, Harry loved Peter with a platonic abandonment that Tony only knew for Pepper and Rhodes. He could never remember having a best friend as a child. (Unless he dug deep and remembered those Captain America posters he worshiped, and Steve did not know of.)
Pepper receives the email on her SmartPhone, and she almost weeps at what she discovers. Luckily, Happy is there for an anchor and he holds her through the whole ordeal.
Captain America stopped and found the missing brief case filled with DNA alternating syrups. He slowly approached it, calling the other two. “Target found. Get extraction going pronto.”
He repeats his cycle until noon when Sam returns for lunch. Outside the door, Steve heard his old friend murmuring to himself on the couch. He could not refuse to give Bucky shelter after Sam’s place had been demolished, so, both Bucky and Sam lived with him. He stayed cooped in his room most days until Sam came to yell at him. Then, he’d leave. Bucky never followed.
“I hate bullies too, Steve. I can’t stand it if they go after Peter. He’s not ready….we need him to talk first. Not like this. Just a few years of homeschool. Dear God, he’s ahead of his age group. We’ll find a place when he’s ten, okay,” Tony says all this in a flurry.
“Actually, Mr. Stark-Rogers,” says a crisp voice. Another man with a cape and medallion stands next to the other. He also smiles calmly and greets them with a nod. “My manservant, Wong, much like your son, speaks a language entirely his own. I am Dr. Strange and we’ve been expecting you for some time. Come in, young man, Wong has prepared some snacks in the parlor and I will speak with you before we begin.”
"Anthony," Steve says softly. This tugs at his hardened heart. Without much thought, Steve uses his strength to climb the willow. Its trunk is smooth, but the roots are long and high. He jumps up a bit and catches onto a knob in the tree. This would be easier with both hands, but he refuses to drop the pastries. They are for Anthony.
Ursa Vanderbilt is the girl in the pigtails. She makes fun of him because Peter has two dads. She follows Peter and throws things in his hair. Every morning, his locker opens to notes from her and others. They all say the same thing. “Two dads can’t have a baby.”
Wilson, during the fifth round figures out he got “Eeyore” when he asks “Did Peter choose this one?” and Tony has a shit eating grin on his smug face.
“Come, sit,” Frigga said. She took the boy’s hand and Thor was reminded of the many times she did this for him and Loki.
“I wanted to draw you smiling,” Peter said. “But, I never saw you smile before and pops says you had the easiest smile.”
"I was asked to come with her," Loki says. "To be mortal and a proper son to her and Bor. I did not react well."
The doors slide open and Bruce’s brow furrows until he sees a holographic stuffed bear and a boy looking up at him.
“Can we go to the monument?” Peter asks. “Harry’s been there and so have Gwen and they both say it’s boring but that getting to the top is fun because the monument’s high like the lady.”
The caravan to Steve is a bad omen. Travellers have come to the village. Romani by the looks of them. He blends in the background and listens to a bulking brute tell stories to the children of frost giants with the slender man next to him scoffing. They must from the Nordic lands. To the further end, a deaf archer shoots his arrows directly unto the apple on a red headed woman's head. The crowd cheers. Steve makes eye contact with the woman. Her shrewd eyes catch him. He turns back to the brute and slender man arguing over if the giants are monsters or misunderstood.
Thor, the Mighty God of Thunder, First Son of Odin, and Avenger had little he did not revel in; meeting unamused and hard to please diplomats was one of the times he wished to be on Midgard. He was lucky to have Jane there. Friend Tony opened the portal and he saw to her personally. They greeted each delegate as should be done. Frigga stood off to the side, majestic as to be expected, with Odin on his dais.
“Thirty three and counting, sir. However, I happened to notice several of the restaurant’s personnel to be agents of SHIELD off-duty. Also, that Agent Hill is not here.”
He walks with determined loss. The trees and critters are familiar to him as he continues. The path stays straight. Today though, with the sun and the too many live things about, Steve's trusty shield, which won him many battles, feels heavier. He sighs. There is little in this life to bring him joy. Steve begs for war in his mind barely an hour spent without the need for action and a reason to fight. A reason to continue.
Bucky opens his mouth but Steve is already in the en suite shower. Water runs and Bucky hears the man go under with no fuss.
Steve did not tell Anthony. Anthony did not ask. Instead, for the whole visit, Steve wondered about Strange's last words.
He did not do that, because (a) he first had to calm down and (b) his dear husband would not let him take the first step. What Bruce said earlier rang back to Tony:
The next day he did not visit Anthony. It was a risky maneuver but he had to reassess his plan if this new story held any detractions. Steve found the blond man and the slender man in the market buying groceries and the slender man heckling for some spices. Steve approached them.
Tony is fast asleep and uses Steve’s arm as a pillow. Steve’s breath catches. He looks down at the worn face of this man.  The sun gave him an even tan, despite the blisters and he seems at peace for the first time. Steve sighs. Carefully, he brushes the curly head of Tony. His hair is like crushed satin, smooth and textured. He looks at the sleeping form and notices the small light from Tony’s chest. His shirt’s a bit unbuttoned. Steve unbuttons the rest. He gasps. Inside Tony’s chest….
Stark walks back to Steve. They kiss. The sting in Bucky’s chest lessens every day. And then, a blur of red and blue comes out of the house to the mansion’s backyard.
“Tony!” Steve shouts in his Captain voice. “You can’t do that. I’ve just laid a bomb on you and you’re using the first thing that pops in your head. We need to stay and talk. Some…other things happened and I-God, Tony. Please, just stay here.”
The tower’s being renovated again. Tony mentioned making his family mansion the new headquarters for special reasons. Really, so Peter and they could have more room and a backyard. He thinks Steve suggested a camping night under the breech trees.
Loki looks to Thor. There is no hate in his brother’s gaze, only worry. It does not look good on the Might Odinson.
A shuddering breath escapes Clint; he made the right choice, his family is safe and Laura can find a decent husband who will not disappear for months. Clint looks down at the sleeping face and whispers, “I’ll take care of you too, kid. Don’t ever forget how many of us love you.”
They watched Peter closely as he looked around the room. Tony had reserved a room at Tavern on the Green. The Crystal Room seemed to suit for the best fit. It was not stuffy and had some varying color. Tony had told Steve of it when he had his tenth birthday here.
adoptions secret. Why, the day Loki was brought we had a grand feast with performers and gifts for all. I was unable to attend the last,” Thor said with some tact. “However, Young Peter has been your ward for months. I do believe it is time to be mentioned. And his powers are extraordinary. Lady Sif has never been caught off guard as such, and by one so small,” Thor said, smiling at Peter.
But, as he sees, it is enough to make the man want to leave. In the village, Steve can properly take him slowly.
"I have lived hundreds of years. That is all you need understand. When Bor came and took Bestla I hated him. I hated that she left me alone." Loki stops as their drinks are served. "And, it was the beginning of a divide in our people. Giants don't truly die. Not the way humans do. They become stone in a dormant slumber. Over time they break. That is how the world got its many peaks."
“Do not think me unprepared,” He says. Loki goes to the bureau and pulls out packages of clothes, all Peter’s size. “I will hang them on the door knob this once. I am not a servant and I am aware you’re Captain father has taught you to launder. I expect you to feed, clean, and entertain yourself.”
“Look what you’ve done,” Tony says. His voice sounds foreign. “You son of a bitch. That—that freak killed my mom. I don’t care that his brain was fucking scrambled. He killed her! My mother Steve. You were there. At their funeral.”
Anthony jumped off the tree. He landed gracefully on the ground. Suddenly, the willow moaned and cracked, its leaves turning yellow then brown.
One day, Peter fights back. Ursa throws a spit ball and he dodges with his spidey-sense. He knows daddy told him to hide that when in school, but he needs to use it now.
"So, you do understand me? Or you just nod because you see me talking?" the man says, bemused. His smile is sweet and innocent.
"We just wanna talk, Peter. We'll take you straight home to your dads and not bother you again today, okay?"
Tony’s glad it’s not the $10,000 adaptable screen table with internet. Because they moved into his father’s old mansion on Fifth Avenue. No, the table is regular stainless steel. The same kind his old man used in the workshop. Odd that Tony kept it and not sell the table like everything else in the house that was not nailed down or on the wall.
The man smiled good-heartedly at her, and then frowned. “I am not sure, My Lady. I myself have never seen such unusual garb. If my memory serves me right,” he said, placing a boy finger on his bearded chin. “It was…well it seemed to be that of modern Midgard, however that is impossible.”
Peter runs up to him, hands behind the boy’s back. He grins Cheshire-like and for a moment Bucky fears all hell will break loose. But, the thing behind the boy’s back appears.
Bruce awaits his ascent to the penthouse. Tony said he was watching movies with Steve, so Bruce has spent more time in the lab alone more than usual. In his leisure time, he has found a way to make some new synthetic material, such as spandex, durable and slightly bullet-proof. He needs to poke the idea with Tony and the man’s ever growing tech skills.
“Then see if you’re webs can work. That fishing line stuff can cut your little fingers,” Bruce says. He feels his cheeks warm with both Peter and Nat give him a look.
“Peter knows better, probably has more common sense than us, and each time there’s been someone uninvited he’s the first to tell us if they are dangerous.”
“I’m a shitty dad,” Tony says. “And so’s Steve, but even you have to admit Coulson, no one’s gonna love or understand Peter more than the two of us. What….back in D.C. I lost….I just can’t see Steve yet. But, if you’ll leave I will go to my son and hug him.”
“Right,” he signed while he spoke, Natasha and Clint listening. “I had to convince Tony that Peter needs more socialization and that we gotta get him in school. Tony argued about our original plan, but I was thinking that no matter what age, if Peter doesn’t speak then the kids will tease him, but at least now, with Harry, he can have more friends and time to adjust.” Steve paused as if gathering the next words to communicate his decision. “I don’t want Peter to go. In fact, I’m content to keep JARVIS as his primary teacher. That and with Peter homeschooled, hardly any media has discovered him. And…I want to protect him. However, that’s just as bad as if we kept him in a cage. Nat, you’ve been training him in basic combat, so you know Peter’s strong, but how will he conquer that with others? People who don’t know him or just the other agents? Peter’s powers are growing, you remember how Coulson reacted to when Peter could make webs?”
“No, Steve, I need to know. We get here at what I assume is some advanced cloaking and then treated to this Vincent Price theater act. What the hell can you do?!” Tony snarls at Strange.
“Steve,” Dad says. Pops looks at Dad. “You and Peter may have the energy of a perpetual motion wheel, but I gotta rest my legs at some points.”
"He's done some bad things, Peter and hurt a lot of people." Mr. Coulson paused. "He's also really confused."
Pepper needs nothing else; she fixes out her pencil skirt and stands up from the tiny chair. The table is a nice touch in the room.
Back before Bruce’s research into gamma rays, he thought he would go the engineering route; even toyed with the idea of A.I.s. He’s happy he did not because to hear the eerily human voice asks about Tony….
Gwen went on to tell Peter of how her dad, Sergeant Stacy, had single handedly found a ringleader for bad stuff. How his trail had started years before with the introduction of Wakanda into the UN and the immigrants coming in; how this man had found them and was mean. How the man forced them to tell him about a precious metal.
Thor watched as Peter slowly came up to Frigga. He looked from her hand to her face. Carefully, Peter took the hand and shook. Thor chuckled, as did his warriors and the crowd.
Tony opens his mouth and the straw enters. He sucks to find his mouth full of the mixture. It must be Gatorade because it has a non-flavor flavor. Tony takes a few gulps  his mouth is impossibly dry.
Tony goes to his son and lifts him up. He’s gotten heavier but Tony ignores the ache in his muscles. He looks to Steve. Tony turns back to Bucky who seems…sad to say goodbye.
“First, I have every right to be jealous of Barnes. You two were close. And yeah, maybe you didn’t see it but I did. Those old photos capture quite a bit of depth. How you kept protecting him no matter what he did. Don’t count the HYDRA shit, I mean sneaking into our son’s room. So, no, you can’t look at me like some crazy bitch. I have enough to worry about being married to you, America’s Golden Boy. Enough fucking gossip of me being the unfaithful playboy. How you’d think it was real because you’re so fucking honest.”
"I did. Finding out about the truth did make me curse my grandfather for following his lower brain, but...talking to Loki had made me angrier, confused, and dare I say delirious with happiness than anything for such a long time." Thor puts his arm around Loki's slim shoulders. "And I saw too what plagued this wily creature. Loneliness and isolation. What my family suffered from the village after Hela's death. I could not leave him."
“I suppose we wanted to have him get used to us,” he said. “And, considering how great our track record has been, Tony and I agreed to keep it simple and hold off any celebrations.”
Peter found a small sitting area and took a chair. He also carried some markers and crayons, though he did not like art as much as his pops. Peter went through his notepad to start a blank page. He observed the colors and tried to match them. The creamy walls became yellow with streaks of blue for shadows and the tile floor became triangular instead of square with black dots.
“There’s some sketchy stuff you and I need to tinker in,” Tony says and he reveals the medical documents. There is also a detailed but shady of one Arthur Parker.
Stephen hums again and uses his knowledge of Vishanti to try and see into the boy’s consciousness. It is not quite on level of telepathy, instead Stephen is watching lights and strands of events happen in someone’s perspective.
He made a popping noise with his mouth. Pops chuckled. Peter smiled big. It dimmed because they had to talk. He wanted to know what happened to Pops and Dad. But, he wanted them more to spend time with him.
so many lives and I deserve to be hanged, Peter. So, no, forgiveness and atonement are out of my reach. For now, I want to find my memories, get my head fixed, and then begin to make amendments.”
“But, he may have found them, along with the serum and used it on his premature baby,” Tony finished.
Bucky leaned closer to watch Peter draw. The picture was nice and all, but he obviously did not inherit his dad’s talent for art. Peter had the eye though and that made a difference.
“Nat has a souvenir from one of your run-ins.” The bullet wound in Natasha’s gut is visible in Steve’s eyes. “You were thorough even as a regular soldier.”
Peter gets up from his seat on the floor. He goes to Loki. For the briefest moment, Loki is cautious. He has nothing to be wary of; he can take this boy and kill him if he must. Loki does not.
“You are dumb; eventually, someone at HYDRA or AIM or whatever acronym will figure out we have a kid. And if, if, we let Peter go to school that’s easier for them to take him.”
Pepper stares at Happy. This ordinary, average, man whose stuck with Tony through hell, whose done everything in his power to make Pepper welcome, whose only purpose it seems is to help others, despite the cost of his happiness. This man she has married.
The boy points to a place off to the side. Heimdall sets his everseeing gaze to it and watches as the man of iron argues with another on coordination in color scheme. Heimdall smirks and shakes his head. Truly the Midgard of old has changed. He glances at the boy who still looks at him. Heimdall is about to speak until he feels his power stretching out. Heimdall gathers himself to transport some delegates for a conference the AllFather will hold. When all are there and heading out, it takes Heimdall longer than he wants to see the young boy has vanished with the crowd.
The man hums. "Most ask "who"', he says. "Though, as I mentioned, no Man has been here in years. Do you know the Fae?"
“Simple, I will bring the young Peter to Thor, where he shall return him home,” Volstagg says proudly.
He glances at Peter again. Hogan took longer to get home than expected, so Bruce went to grab Peter’s favorite stuffed toys: Iron Mouse and Captain Americat. They are clutched in his hands as the car drives past the afternoon rush hour. Bruce looks at the gleam from Avengers Tower.
They went ahead, weapons drawn. The sound was growing quieter and Sif searched for any anomalies among the floor and the air. When no attach was forthright, Sif made motions for the two of them to split up. Fandral nodded and headed to the east as she went west.
Daddy crumples a bit. That how Peter sees it. His face goes sick and he stops dead in the empty hallway.
“Bucky said you wouldn’t let him near you or me without a squad-squ-squadron of SHIELD agents and your suit. Is that true?”
Tony huffs out a laugh. “That means Bruce is primary for all occasions because he never leaves his lab or this tower.”
Sam is the one who makes noise about the “wrongness” of this situation. Thus, Steve sits on his bed slumped over in his sweats and awaits Sam’s next tirade in the afternoon.
The day feels like a dream at some points. As if the separation never happened. They spend the day together, Peter slowly coming out of his shell and running around like any normal kid. Being incognito helps keep people away as Peter can roam without them worrying about distractions.
The formatting is off to me because I am posting this from my Kindle and I have yet to figure out how to make it look right. Also, next few chapters are going to be small fluffy ones because this slight angst is getting to me and to fill some plot points.
"I can't say the name right. Anyway, dad says that this man had taken some of the immigrants back to their home. He had them dig up the metal from under the king's mine. So, dad found a pattern in the victims. He had someone be bait, a new officer who had a Wakandan girlfriend, and caught some of the kidnappers. The rest is the law process and that's really boring. I think the ringleader was caught, but I don't really know. Dad said the feds took over. He thinks they're working for SHIELD," she finished. Her face took on a dark grimace at the mention of SHIELD.
“Just don’t let him get to you. Don’t show him that he gets to you,” Tony said. He rubbed his face. “Peter’s going to want to meet him again and I can’t stop that.” Tony stopped and looked at the door that separated him from Peter. “I can stop something else from getting to Peter, Cap.” Tony said.
The smell wafts in the light breeze of apple tarts and jammy cookies. Anthony gapes and looks down at the treats. He reaches out his arm. This is usually a sign for Steve to hand the Willow Man the new thing. Steve pulls back. Immediately, Anthony reels back onto the branch.
“Well, you’d given me the only thing that could return me to New York,” he said in that same tone. “Apparently, someone gave you a kid. And the last invitation that assistant of yours sent was real too. Captain,” Pym nodded and he lost the unamused inflection to his voice.
"Not one to mince words. That's good," the man says. He taps the crystal eye and immediately an image of a willow appears. Anthony's willow.
“Punched me in the face then left,” Bucky answers. Evidence of the punch blooms on his jaw. “Good hit,” Bucky admits rubbing it.
Peter screamed. Bruce backed against the wall when Peter shot up and crawled from the ceiling into the arms of Tony.
“Peter! Please, has someone seen a small boy!” Volstagg came in yelling. He was frantic, his fuzzy hair wilder, and he was panting.
“I have assurance Captain Rogers and Mr. Stark have resolved their differences. They are living together at the Stark Mansion. Parker has been taken out of his private school and will be transferred to a charter come next spring. The school is the same as his friend Harry Osborn attends. Stark and Rogers are both cautious to keep that secret from Mr. Osborn,” Coulson says. “The Avengers, excluding Thor, are all present in the same place currently too. They are having a bit of a vacation together and Parker has begun his tutoring lessons again. And for Wilson’s destroyed home, it has been resolved because Captain Rogers gave Wilson his old apartment.” He takes a sip from his pineapple-kiwi infused juice. “It is also confirmed Rogers is hiding the Winter Soldier.”
They stand outside Bleecker Street in front of a dilapidated building. Pepper, changed into her vacation clothes, fills a chill in the mid-June air. Thor walks up the steps, Sam and Rhodey carrying the two Avenger leaders. Thor said to take them away from the paper would stop them, but also they would become comatose.
The walk with all those faces unease Peter, but he stays resolute in following the girl throwing flowers and getting up to the dais where his daddy, Rhodey, and others stand. Peter tries to go to his dad, but one of Happy’s friend catches him by the collar. He gently guides Peter to stand beside the other men.
And in these last few chapters I am using real world locations in Washington D.C. so if anyone has been to those places I will be mentioning or lives in the D.C. please comment if I have something wrong.
Steve pats his shoulder. “Wasn’t asking for sitters. Trust me, we have five already offering and two who live with us. If you’re uncomfortable you don’t need to do anything. But you’ll come around,” Steve says with a smirk. “Not that you’ll completely change, but Peter’s kind of special in his own way. He’s hard not to love.”
“Pete’s missing you. He keeps asking about you and wondering when you’ll come back. Know how I know: Sam. He’s been able to take this shit from you and your prince of drama and actually ask about Pete. That doctor, the one who turns into the Hulk, keeps Sam updated on everything. When you don’t listen to him, I do.”
“Oh, God, oh, God. No, no, no,” she repeats. Happy comes to hug her and Pepper’s tear are absorbed into his Giorgio Armani suit. A present from Tony.
Steve lives in this limbo now. Bucky and him exist in the space but they have not spoken in weeks. Bucky attempted to speak with him with unsavory results. There are holes and broken furniture Sam has replaced. Steve receives a check from SHIELD monthly so he pays his rent and for the food.
Bruce knows it’s not a request. He walks forward through the glass doors, Peter beside him, and they head to the elevator. If Tony has gotten around to changing the I.D. scanners then Coulson has a cheat code, then the new A.I. Pepper said she was more of a rule follower than JARVIS, so if FRIDAY was given specific orders to stop then Bruce has a way around her.
“Because I believe it would be beneficial to do so without his parents present,” Strange says. This is the first time he has an edge to his voice.
"Hello Peter, care for a ride home? Mr. Hogan won't be here for another ten minutes with the construction between the main road and here," he said.
For "Thor: The Dark World" I have it Loki survived ( as he did) but instead of impersonating Odin, he escaped. He will not be making an appearance for a while, also, there is a lot of switches in P.O.V so bear with me.
Tony cries into Steves shoulder and the soldier rocks him through the body tremors. Later, he helps him into a chair. Steve hands Tony a bottle of water for his parched throat.
They sit together in the plush of the sofa. Slowly, they get horizontal, Steve stroking Tony’s back. Steve picks them up and singlehandedly brings them to the bed where Peter is sound asleep. He places Tony on Peter’s side facing the boy. He lays on the other side facing the boy’s back.
Steve walked the path to Anthony's tree. In his right hand an axe as sharp as a knife. It was large and branched out with a blunted end on the handle.
The drive is long and slow. Loki wishes for his Sleipnir now,  his equestrian-child always the fastest. He lets those maudlin thoughts go as he glances at the child. Peter has nodded off in the drive and Loki thanks the Norns he is such an obedient boy. Loki almost regrets ripping his suit jacket off when he saw the small device, although he is glad for the destruction. He has gone further than intended and it should be good to put such distance between him and his brother.
Steve follows the order and carefully deposits his son on the bed. Peter does not stir. Tony goes to taking off the boy’s shoes.
Peter puffs up his chest and takes a big bite of his pizza sandwich, to which he gags on and drinks coke.
“Whatever. Peter doesn’t need to see his dad like this. That’s why I’ve been here to make sure he’s doing fine.”
The rounds go as such: Barton (Greggor Mendel), Tony (Evil Kenevil), Peter (Amelia Earhart), Rhodes (Buster Keaton), Wilson, then Steve, and finally Banner as Curious George.
Sammy whined from his chair at the lack of attention, thumping his hand on the tray of the highchair.
Peter reached up to Sammy, tugging on Steve until the baby was in his lap. He squinted at his brother, gently poking the boy's nose. Sam squealed happily, reaching up to put his hands on Pete's cheeks.
Steve rolled his eyes fondly at him. "Patience is a virtue, young man." He chuckled, revving the motor as he started up the bike. "You holding on tight?"
He got a warm, wet wash cloth from Steve's en suite and walked back towards the bed, making quick and careful work to wipe down Steve and then himself. Tony helped the blond out of his shirt and back into his sweatpants, then working on pulling his own clothes back on to leave.
"Yeah, but I'm happy he did. He's an amazing husband and father." Steve hummed. "I could care less about all the scandals and rumors with him. I know the man he really is and I could care less what other people say about it." He said adamantly. "And I'll always tell Tony how good I know he is, whether he believes it or not. At least he'll know somebody believes it."
"So, what you were trying to tell me... was that you like me? Like 'more than a friend' like me?" Tony asked with confusion in his voice. Steve started to blush again and nodded. Tony scoffed and smirked.
"So possessive--" Steve grinned, heart fluttering at Tony's words. He moved with Tony, wrapping his arms around the younger's neck and just loving the feeling Tony gave him. "I love that you're caring to me. That you let me mother hen you even when you don't want it." Steve huffed out in a chuckle. "I love that you're a comfort to me and that--ah-- you take me as I am..."
"Kay!" Peter giggled as he rushed to get on his boots. Not running, because that’s what got him hurt not too long ago, but being pretty speedy.
"While we wait, I want you to meet some friends." The human smiled, helping Steve walk around and down the stairs to another room. It was made of glass and was dark on the inside until Tony got the door to open.
Tony choked back his reply when he heard little feet pattering back. He held his arms out for Peter to scramble into, hugging him close to his chest. He looked up at Steve and mouthed 'tomorrow', settling down with their son.
"All right, Tony. You've been working on this bot too long. You are seeing figments." He muttered, collecting his parts and taking them back up to his home.
He pressed light kisses all over Steve's chest, moving slowly towards his navel. Tony nosed at the dark gold hairs below it, kissing toward his inner thighs.
"Daddy shays I 'ony cwy wen m'tired," Peter protested, flushing at Steve's words, "I schaid I wuz sowwy, Papa...."
"That’s good to hear, then." Steve hummed, leaning into the touches. "I love when you mess with my hair...I love you."
Steve gave an appreciative smile back, a light blush to his face. Tony did this just so they could still communicate. Who knows how long the man had been awake to make it.
"Mmm, I know that means you have an idea." Steve referred to the tapping. "I love when you get ideas. Usually." He grinned warmly.
"Of course, officer, anything for you," Tony growled, sucking on the bites, "Maybe I'll wear some when you come home tomorrow?"
He grinned and bounded off to the bathroom, quickly scrubbing himself down after putting the lingerie in the laundry hamper.
"I was the kid's only friend growing up. He caught me stealing food from a banquet for Nat and me, and thought it was pretty cool," Clint laughed, placing chairs around the table, "He helped me and her get on our feet, got us jobs, and in return I got him out from under his asshole father."
Steve chuckled softly at Tony's noises, leaning over and kissing him again before getting up. "I'll go make you something else. Pretty sure your sandwich there is no good by now. How about soup?"
Tony laughed into the kiss, wrapping his arms around Steve's back. He pulled back slowly, a faint blush on his cheeks.
A moment later, the door opened, greeted with Peter's puffy red eyes and tears on his cheeks. His face was tilted down, scurrying back onto his bed and snuggling into his penguin as he sniffled.
"Alright, alright. End our wedding night with making love," he promised, a smile on his lips, "If your libido can keep going, that is."
"Okay, you take the silver paint and paint my tattoo onto my silhouette, and I'll take the gold and paint yours."
Sammy babbled back at them, reaching out to grab Steve's finger. He gently chewed on it, drooling slightly.
"That sounds good to me." The blond agreed, relaxing at the attentions. "We could take a quick nap, watch a movie; what would you like?"
"It’s a little hard to forget when its deep colors on white furniture, bubba." Steve explained with a sigh. "I honestly don't know if I can get all the stains out at this point. They've set for a while."
"You're my soulmate and I'm yours. When you hurt, I hurt. If you died-- Fuck, every day you'd be gone, I'd feel like dying. You're all I ever wanted, my husband, my everything. I can't lose you and you can't lose me."
He sat down and ate slowly, face still burning with embarrassment. Steve chuckled, joining Tony to eat and buttering up a piece of toast.
"Hey, don't look at me," Tony shrugged, standing up to face Peter, "It was a responsibility we gave you, and you chose to disobey some of the rules we imposed."
"I'm guessing you forgot about the medal ceremony in front of a lot of officials that happened today?".
"If..." He whispered, lips only just brushing against Tony's. "If we get to make love, after. Nice and slow and sweet. Deal?" He purred, a playful glint to his eyes.
"You should learn to be less offended when the intent is well meant." Steve laughed, rolling his eyes, "Best mind your hands, mister. You're only allowed to get slightly handsy on the bike, during the movie, and behind locked doors." He warned playfully.
Steve took it all in, all that he could, pulling back slowly with a wet pop. He looked back at Tony as he caught his breath, wiping a bit of saliva from his lips. He smirked seeing the pleased look on the man's face.
"Oh fuck, Red Light. Yeah, we're definitely going there," Tony laughed, a huge grin on his face, "I haven't been there in a while, but
Steve snorted a laugh at the terminology. "Romp around? When did ‘ya start talking like that?" He hummed. "And that's not very nice. Considering how much you seemed to enjoy our wall adventure earlier before you couldn't breathe."
"You missed it. Peter finished my awesome tattoo and Sammy was blowing kisses like no one's business." Steve said softly.
"Thanks Doc, I appreciate it," he said quietly, shaking the man's hand before pulling out his checkbook.
"Think I'll pass on the handcuffs for a while." He said softly. "I don't like not getting to touch when you make me feel amazing. Or anytime at all."
Snoring fairly loudly, Tony whined at the loss of Steve's heat, opting to snuggle his pillow instead; he snorted, nearly waking himself up before falling back asleep. Steve grinned at the sight of Tony all snuggled asleep, deciding he was not missing the opportunity. After drying off and getting dressed, he set up a sketch pad and pencil at the desk and began to draw up his sleeping fiancé. It was just too sweet.
"That's your Daddy, little bit. He's real nice, trust me. And he loves you lots, even though he just met you." Steve said to the baby sweetly, watching him gurgle back a bit. He started getting a bit misty eyed, watching Tony hold their baby. It was one of the best things he'd seen.
He reached over for the discarded bottle of lube, slicking up his fingers before slipping one into Steve.
Tony leaned in to nibble at the pulse in Steve's neck, moving his hands up to the blond's back to give him an anchor; he pounded into Steve, having to brace himself against the desk so he could reach down to jerk him off.
"I've had the ring since I got the tattoo. I've just been waiting for him to come along," Tony hummed, sniffling, "Oh god, I'm so sappy, this is horrifying. Don't look at me, I'm all gross with puffy eyes--"
"He was actually the one who suggested it, so he might like it." Steve hummed, buckling Peter into his car seat. "We'll see what happens." He said with a smooch.
"Yeah, yeah." Steve said with a smirk, kissing Tony's cheek as they walked back to the house. "What all do you want to start unpacking first?"
"You look so pretty like this," Tony hummed, tilting up Steve's jaw to get a good look at him, "All dolled up for me.
"C'mon, Tony! Don't be a party pooper." Steve teased, sticking his tongue out playfully. "Besides, we need you to sing the facial hair part. You're the only one here that has any."
He happily skipped over to sit next to his son, plopping a kiss on the top of his head. Steve hummed thoughtfully as he sat in his place, picking up his fork to eat.
"We love you, sweetheart, you're ours and you're not going anywhere," Tony told him seriously, "I promise you that."
"God, don't do that, I just came," he groaned, sinking into the water, "You turn me on so bad." Tony grinned back and kissed his forehead, running his fingers through his hair.
"Yes, yes, God, I'm not angry anymore, just want you in me Steve," Tony begged, hopelessly rutting against the desk, "Need you, babe, need you--"
"Please, call me Sharon." She said warmly. "I suspect we'll be getting to know each other quite a bit, so best to be on a first name basis."
"Oh boy, kid, Sammy wants words with you," Tony laughed, sitting back, "He's gonna nibble on your fingers for waking him up."
Peter frowned and shifted the book away, covering the spot with his hands. "No," he mumbled, pulling the book closer to himself.
"If you want. We don't have to, I've dealt with it since I was a kid, so I'll be fine." Steve assured, nuzzling into Tony's neck. "As long as you're there to keep me warm, I'll be okay."
"Sweet, you said, and yet you're playing with my ass," he said bluntly, trying to keep the grin off his face.
He dug out the shirt Peter wanted to wear, helping him put it on the right way. "How about we get socks that match, too?"
"Let it drown!" Fury said sternly. "Of all people, you should know the rules of our interaction with humans. There are none whatsoever. I shouldn't remind you of Barnes, should I?"
"Have a good nap, okay? We'll get you in a little while. Love you, munchkin." He whispered before shutting off the light as he and Tony left the room.
"If you'd told me five years ago that'd I be living domestically with a son, I think I might have popped a lung from laughing too hard," he mumbled.
"Mhmmm..." The boy hummed with a yawn, letting Tony finish before trying to climb out of the tub towards the towel Tony had out.
He reached over beside him to give the groaning form a reassuring pet of his fur before he paused, hand instead making contact with skin void of fur. It must be morning and Steve changed back, Tony thought. He then thought that if Steve had changed back, then that also meant the man next to him was very much naked. The brunet dared to look beside him to check on his teammate, thankful that the other’s legs and backside were covered by a mound of blankets when he did. Steve’s skin must’ve gotten cold from the lack of fur once he changed back at sunrise.
"I might be able to let it slide..." Steve said with a dramatic sigh, eyes raking over Tony. "But you will have to do as I say until you've earned your bail. Understood?"
"Right, right." Steve said happily, humming as he thought. "Maybe we could make it our silhouettes exchanging letters with our tattoos printed on the letters?"
"Not anything we are going to discuss at the moment, anyway." Steve said carefully, holding up the pen and paper to write. "Either way, this list is meant to show him that he means much more than he gets to thinking he is. So we need other inputs other than mine, although I could definitely fill quite a few pages."
"It depends on who's asking." Steve stated carefully. He didn't know if she was press or not. That was the last thing needed right now.
With a laugh, Rhodey waved his hand toward to couch, waiting for them to sit before reclining in his chair.
"I know, it's just... Stupid for me to get all worked up about things from ten-plus years ago," Tony muttered, letting Steve take him upstairs.
"M'kay." Peter said with full cheeks, chewing up his cookie before drinking up his juice and running out to go brush his teeth.
Tony was about to reply when he yelped, immediately drawing his fingers back. He wiped his finger clean before grabbing his phone, flicking on the light to look into the baby's mouth.
Tearing cloth was heard, followed by a strangled scream and a gruesome sound of skin against skin, lasting much longer than it probably should have. As soon as it stopped, the video camera was shoved in a pocket, ending the video and audio.
. Steve felt full and the pulse of the vibrator was hitting the spot over and over, so slow but that's what he enjoyed.
"Don't worry, baby. I'll teach you a good lesson--" he hummed, rifling through the desk drawer for some lube.
"We should get flavored condoms. We don't use them much, but it's easier clean up," he murmured, turning back to the lingerie.
"You're gonna be the death of me, Rogers," Tony grunted, "Gonna have to teach that mouth of yours to behave."
"Flattery gets you nowhere, Steve," he hummed, "In fact, it makes me think you're trying to lessen your punishment with it, and I won't stand for that."
The man's expression was soft and warm, welcoming towards him as he stepped closer. He smiled at Steve with a longing, warm brown eyes starting to look a bit wet as he held his hand out for Steve to take.
"Slip on something warm and comfy, and we'll go hang out at my place a bit. Have a break." He grinned, warming Tony up.
"Yeah, yeah, okay. Breakfast first, cuddles later." Steve snorted, smooching the boy's forehead as he stood up. "We'll have a big breakfast. French toast, scrambled eggs, bacon, the works. To feed Mr. Hungry here." He chuckled.
"Y'tired?" Steve reiterated, petting the boy's hair. "You want me to find a place we can sit so you can take a little nap?"
"You won't." Steve said certainly "You wouldn't. I know you wouldn't. You care about Peter far too much to do such a thing to him. And I know you definitely wouldn't to the new baby when it’s older."
It was all Tony could do to nod, breathing in Steve's warm cinnamon and Irish soap scent, calming him down slightly. He curled into Steve, eventually giving way to his mental exhaustion and falling asleep. Steve let Tony curl up to him happily, humming gentle melodies against his ears. He let him sleep as soundly as he could, running soothing circles along the man's back.
"I can't help it." Steve pouted. "I have never done that before and you were very thorough..." He murmured, heading towards the kitchen. "Do you like French Toast?"
He patted the bed beside him, holding his arm out. Steve moved to the spot and laid down, taking a moment to settle in before turning towards Tony.
"On his arms," Peter replied, "I saw 'em when we was cuddlin' for deh movie. I s'pect dat he'd gots 'em from his wobots."
Tony whispered breathy encouragements as he stroked Steve through his orgasm, bringing his hand up to his lips to lick off the come on his fingers.
"Aha! Here it is!" The genius exclaimed triumphantly, heading back over to the couch and plopping down next to Steve. He handed over the book with a soft grin, hoping this could be the key to Steve remembering. "Hopefully this can get you a glimpse of something to help you remember, Cap.".
Work has just had me super busy, and hasn't left me much time to write. So this chapter is a little longer to make up for it :,D
"I know you do. It’s one of the only fruits I can get you to actually eat." Steve chuckled as he poured batter into the iron. "Your son knows, too. He picked them out of the fridge and suggested waffles. He knows whatcha like." He grinned.
"First ya say it’s too early for dinner, but now you're making me go to bed?" Steve grumbled as he dried off his hair, walking towards the bed regardless.
They continued this way for a bit, Tony nipping and kissing along Steve's neck until he found a specific spot that the blond had reacted highly to. He sucked at the spot with a content hum, a sense of satisfaction that this would be the merman's first hickey and that he was the one to give it to him. Tony was so happy he made that voice box for Steve too, because the man was
"Better. Much better." Steve breathed, moving his jaw carefully before kissing Tony back deeply. "I like being able to kiss you back, love."
'The idea of movies in general seems incredible. The story itself seems kind of a stretch...' Steve pointed out with a hum 'And not because its about a mermaid.' he explained.
"I think I'm gonna hold off on that phone call," Tony said weakly, feeling guilt bubble up in his throat.
"I wish you could have had a better soulmate, Steve. You deserve so much better than my issues," he whispered, tracing the words on Steve's pec.
Steve followed not long after. Feeling his husband clench around him and the bite brought him over the edge, coming hard into Tony with a muffled cry.
time before we're old, baby. And even then, we're not going anywhere." Steve assured softly, joining the hug to make a group hug. "Don't you worry your sweet little head, alright? We'll be here forever."
"Uh-huh, but I can't do it," Peter explained seriously, "I t'wied, but I can't hold 'im up t'do it. Daddy told me dat m'only 'sposed t'let you and him do it."
The bot whirred unhappily, scooting off back to its corner. Tony laughed, making kissy noises at Dummy.
Tony opened the box, smiling down at the little silver ring nestled in black velvet. Steve stared at the ring for the longest time, forgetting to breathe as he did. Tony eventually snapped him out of it, his eyes shooting up to meet the brunet's quickly and pulled Tony into a deep kiss happily.
Sammy blinked then giggled, squealing happily as he toddled over to Peter, collapsing tiredly into his big brother's arms.
He put his arms up, going up on his toes. Steve scooped him up happily and carried him to go see all of the funny little birds. A couple of them were waddling around in the exhibit.
She nodded and smiled gratefully, tilting her arm so Tony could see the baby; blue eyes and blond curls peeked out of the blanket, chubby arms still waving as he cooed at Tony.
"He's right, pipsqueak," he replied softly, "A lot of Papa's and my conversations are going to sound like the one you heard, but we're not splitting up. If anything, it helps Papa's and my relationship grow stronger, because I trust him with how I feel."
"Kitchen? Work our way upstairs?" Tony suggested, "I put an order in for a king size bed and special delivery, so it should be here by tonight. We can go out and get sheets and stuff. Blankets."
"What I mean is that when Tony mentioned he had an art major friend, my mind automatically thought of the art student stereotype; someone really thin and lanky, highly eccentric, and reclusive.".
"I was really wired, Clint," He replied quietly, "And it was only the next day I ended up at the therapist's. I didn't do anything -- well,
"If I don't get presents, you don't get presents." He shot back playfully, making kissy noises at Tony as he finished the bacon and eggs. "And I know you don't want that. Especially later--"
old, especially." Natasha warned playfully, scooping up a small fingering of icing and booping it on the tip of Tony's nose.
Tony rolled his eyes fondly at them and cleaned up the mess, soon on their heels as they headed to the kitchen. He took Peter from Steve, setting him on his hip.
Steve sighed, looking at the baby before laying the blanket out on the bed, getting it comfy for Sammy to lay on.
"Sir, yes sir." Steve breathed back, hips bucking up into Tony's hand. "You just know what you want, you always do."
"Actually, it’s very possible to have both, if you want. I know a lab that could split the genome, or you could literally stuff both at once, if Nat's okay with stretching," He continued, ignoring the red fluster on Steve's face.
Tony moaned quietly and gently thrust up into Steve's mouth, breathy gasps leaving his throat as pleasure tingled his nerves. He squirmed under Steve's experienced tongue, feeling himself tighten in a much shorter time than he anticipated.
"Oh. I'm Pepper Potts. I'm a good friend of Tony's." She stated, extending her hand for a shake which Steve warmly took.
"Because Sammy woke us up when he was hungry, and he just hasn't wanted to go back to sleep yet." Steve hummed, raising an eyebrow playfully at the boy. "What were
"We'll have to get me a passport. I've never been out of state let alone anywhere I'd need a passport." Steve admitted softly. "So where would we be going since you know?" He asked with a grin back, laying his head on Tony's chest and looking up.
"If I race you, I can almost guarantee I will trip and fall on my face," Tony laughed, jogging up after Steve anyway, "Alright, so third floor is the attic on one half, and the other half is a spare bedroom with an en suite--"
"...Gwen's parents are gettin' divor'sed," he eventually admitted, trying to not look too upset, "I don' wanna get marewied an' get divor'sed."
"Good morning and Merry Christmas, everyone." Pepper greeted, emerging finally and looking well rested.
"Are you all ready to go?" The blond asked into the place before actually entering. "Or are you still beautifying?"
He flicked his eyes down to his pillow then back up at Steve, looking at his hairline instead of meeting his gaze.
"Then I wouldn't be able to move. I was frozen by the cold, and you would grab the reactor and yank it out of my chest. And then I would fall, unable to do anything but look up and see you crush the reactor as if it was nothing and walk away with such a shit-eating grin on your lips...".
"Oh my G-- Tony, I'm--" Steve stuttered, unsure of what he should do. He didn't know how Tony would react to what happened.
He got a hand into Steve's hair, kissing him deeply until he had to pull back to breathe. Steve grinned down at Tony as they pulled away, lips slightly pink from the kiss.
He slipped his hand into Steve's briefs, watching the blond writhe under him from the skin-on-skin contact. Steve let out a quiet mewl, hips wriggling with the touch and face flushed.
"Right baby. But grownups do sometimes when they get mad or frustrated. Especially Daddy." Steve explained. "But I don't think he realizes how loud he is right now."
"I understand, though. If a visual of intimacy makes you uncomfortable, I'll cover the mirror next time," he murmured.
"A Stark is never late. Everyone else is simply early." Tony said regally, smirking back at the blond. "You behave. I'll be back by dinner."
"Yeah, I'm ready. That's why I'm over here now. You look good, Tony." He grinned, messing with his keys. "So, I was thinking we could take the bike tonight, if you don't mind those."
"Unca Bwuce, Santy wuz heah las' nite an' he bwought a lotta gifties," Peter babbled, "I tink he bwought gifties f'ebbrybody, but I only seens ones f'me--"
Steve nodded carefully, grabbing Tony's hand as they headed back to the house. He had never heard of movers going that fast with everything with it all intact, but Tony trusts it. He helped get all of the doors open, picturing different things in places.
"Those two'll be inseparable, no doubt. Sammy cries if he can't have Peter around." Steve hummed, starting to set up to make some eggs.
"Well when you spend most of your high school years as a ninety-pound asthmatic, sports aren't exactly your choice of a creative outlet.".
It was Steve. He was not someone Tony wanted to talk to right now. Tony sped up his steps, but Steve kept tailing him.
"You can solve almost anything you set your mind to, and yet I'm the marvel..." Steve murmured gently.
"Dad saw the tat, thought my soulmate was a prostitute, kicked me out, called me a faggot, and yet I got off with the inheritance somehow,” He shrugged again, putting his legs in Steve's lap.
He grinned, more than happy to sit back and watch Steve work. As Steve finished up the envelope and smoothed out the outlines, he backed away with a smile and handed Tony a thick paintbrush.
Steve got up and rushed over to the male, a little too quickly maybe due to excitement. He stop in front of the younger brunette, receiving an odd look from the latter.
"What am I doing so wrong?" He asked quietly. "I try to give both boys attention, and somehow still get an angry one."
"Don't get me all started then leave me again." He said sadly. "Are you really going to be mean to me, Mr. Stark?"
Once he finally begrudgingly agreed, Tony started about making sure that Steve had things to keep him busy during his absence. He set up some more of the animated movies for Steve to watch throughout the day and set access to some things in the kitchen so that the blond could have lunch and drinks while he was gone. Tony finally set up Steve with a pad of paper and some pencils, telling him that he could use it to try and write or draw to pass time if the movies start to bore him.
"Tears will not sway me, Anthony. I don't believe it for a second." Steve responded calmly but firm. "Across my legs, please." He stated, patting his lap over the blankets.
, Tony. Any way you can find to make you feel at least a little better, alive, and well. Then everything can be better. Once you can have yourself feel better, everything will work out." Steve murmured, kissing at Tony's face tenderly then at the top of Peter's head.
"I usually hear Papa da mosts. That's why I know he weally loves Daddy." Peter hummed, nibbling his crust.
Tony finished cleaning up Peter, taking the stopper out of the tub before standing to get a towel, wrapping it around Peter and lifting him out.
"That'd actually be best. Wouldn't be good to get him started on something we can't provide ourselves." Steve answered softly, working to fix up some formula.
Saved by the bell, Tony thought. It was actually surprising, he didn't even notice there was a phone in the dorm itself. Why didn't he see it before?
“What about Strange? He’d have info on this, wouldn’t he?” Clint asked, earning an eye roll from Tony.
As he ate, he saved both Tony and Peter a piece for their work, taking his plate to them in the kitchen as he came back to it nearly spotless.
Steve settled along in with Tony with a hum, playing footsie softly with him. "Of course you can ask me something. What is it?"
"Ah ah, you don't have enough teeth, little one," Tony murmured, pushing his plate out of Sammy's reach, "Sorry, love."
The blond sighed in amusement, laying him and his son back carefully. Figured now was a good a time as any to have a nap with his son and let his eyes slip shut.
"He had a bad dream about Terminator and had an accident during our nap." Steve explained, taking Sammy in his arms.
to say is we have our house set up, but we can't decide if we want to adopt a kid that's already two or three, or have one of our own. Is it okay if the boys come over for a playdate? We wanted to see which age group we handled best."
"Daddyyyyyy, time to get up, we're goin' to the 'quarium!" Peter yelled, bouncing all over the bed, "Daddy daddy daddy daddy--"
He was cut off by Steve shaking his head, pulling the brunet into a tight hug and burying his face into the crook of Tony's neck.
bad at dancing." Steve chuckled, shoving Tony playfully as they walked. "But I'll take you up on dance lessons. That way, if you have a benefit to go to, we can sweep the other dancers with our skills."
"Ouch, kid, you must really be hurtin', huh?" Tony murmured, setting Sammy in his high chair before going to start making his formula, "We'll be takin' you to the doc soon, kiddo, maybe he has some kid tylenol we can give you."
"Whichever sounds interesting to you. Or not, depending on if we choose to just completely ignore it and do other things on the couch." Steve chuckled as he followed Tony downstairs.
"No one's called me doctor since I graduated, please, Mr. is fine," Tony murmured, careful not to jostle Sammy too much as he sunk into a chair by Pete's hospital bed, picking up his tiny hand.
It was a man, that much Steve could gather. He had small tufts of dark hair poking out of where the armor covered the rest of his head. He had some interestingly-cut facial hair too. Steve reached out and traced along the edges of the facial hair absentmindedly. He looked back up at the man's closed eyes. The man had long eyelashes, but more importantly he looked absolutely peaceful. This was a stark contrast to how humans were described under the waves. They were cruel monsters who did nothing but cause trouble and would cook up fish folk and eat them if they caught them, absolutely  uncaring creatures. Steve didn't know about how the man was when he was conscious, but right now he seemed as if he would never hurt anything. At least, not intentionally.
"It's what I'm here for," Tony joked, gently massaging behind Steve's ears, "Now, we best talk before we have to get the kiddos. About the mirror, at least."
Steve hummed as he thought about it. "Well, we can have breakfast, and then I was thinking we could start and figure out what to do for that mural you mentioned a while back? Put our full stamp on the house."
"All right." Steve agreed quietly, taking his hand away. "We'll try a different approach." He whispered. The blond leaned forward, capturing Tony's lips softly and tenderly, leaving his touches along the other's chest gentle and fleeting.
"So," The blond started, picking lightly at the fabric of Tony's shirt "You took me to the Walmart of sex stores, had me pick things that piqued my interest to use a bit when we got back. Yet here we are, still completely clothed and chatting. Y'see what’s wrong with the image?".
"Well, my brother and I were very close." Samuel started. "We weren't related by blood, but he was still my brother, all the same. The older. As I became older, I still took great comfort in his presence."
"It wouldn't happen to be one that was sliced, would it?" Miss Potts questioned with an eyebrow quirked. "That seems like one you would look for."
"Not my eggs, specifically. I don't produce eggs. I'm male too. But yes, technically that is what fertilizes. Just a different process than what you all do." Tony explained, waving his hand as he spoke. "We'll discuss the human process for it, uh, later. Sound good? Good. Now lets get your shirt off and get you cleaned up--."
"We'll draw a cat like Garfield." He decided. "Now when drawing at the beginning, we try to see things as shapes and piece them together."
"Well, I like it." Steve whispered, laying his head against Tony's gently. "Shows a softer side of you, and I like it." He hummed sweetly, watching the movie play.
"You know we'll have to get up and go inside, right?" He whispered, "And put out the candles. Unless you wanna wake up naked in front of the neighbors."
Steve next woke up to being squashed repeatedly by his husband who was in turn being squashed by a six year old.
"A real smile. I've missed those from you lately." Steve smiled back, taking Sammy to burp him. "You're very welcome, love. I mean it." He chuckled, kissing Tony lovingly.
"Also, why not completely sever the arm if you would cut it like this?" Steve queried as he eyed the slice. "Unless he was looking for bits of tendons, there is not much reason behind it. But what would they need vertebrae and tendons for in the first place?"
"I want you, Stevie, so badly," He breathed, letting go with a wet 'pop', "Wanna watch you finger yourself open for me."
"It’s not a problem." Steve hummed sweetly, smirking against dark brown tufts of hair," And thank you for working wonders with that mouth of yours. My goodness."
"Yep, 358," Tony reminded him, peeling off into the street, "Now, Peter, when we get there, you have to stick by Papa and I, alright? You're gonna have to sanitize and not touch anything, okay?"
"That sounds like a good idea. As long as it’s not too cold for ice cream." He hummed contently, petting Peter's hair. "He's been pretty good this year. Does all his homework, has only gotten in trouble a couple times, but it was all from misunderstandings, really. He's good and deserves good things to him."
Tony's eyes widened slightly, but he nodded, slowly climbing off the bed. "Yes, Sir?" he asked, eyes flicking down to the ruler.
"But the kitchen is a great size. Good for cooking big meals. Like for Thanksgiving and Christmas." He hummed happily as they walked inside, meeting Babs again.
Steve stayed silent, unsure what to say. Nothing he said was going to bring either of them back. All he could do was be with Tony through this and help him make it the best he could. It was all a lot to just take in, the crash, right after planning to invite them, and now the whole company is going to be thrust at Tony? Steve just hugged him close, running soothing hands along the younger's back.
is what I didn't want to happen," Tony muttered, gently rubbing Steve's back, "It was a long time ago, Stevie. It's-- well, it's not alright, but I'm slightly better equipped to deal with it. Kinda. Not really."
"I fink Daddy wuz up weal wate wast nigh'," Peter started, kicking his tiny feet against the chair, "He wooked weally schweepy."
"Love you too." Steve said back tiredly, kissing the nape of Tony neck lazily. "I meant all that I said early, by the way. Every word."
"Honey? Honey, it's just a dream, it's warm and I'm here," he murmured, pulling blankets and covers up, tucking them around Steve, "Wake up, love, it's just a dream."
"Hows we gonna gets Daddy's gifties inside, so he don' see 'em?" Pete asked, snuggled up to his penguin.
Steve headed into the workshop, a plate of food and a drink in hand once suppertime came around. He set the goods down on the table and walked over to where Tony was working, shaking the man's leg lightly to announce his presence.
"M'gettin' dere," Peter waved him off and pulled on new undies and khakis, struggling to reach his dino tshirt on the hanger.
He shrugged then nodded, still curled up in Steve's arms. Peter sighed softly, holding his Daddy's ice cream while Steve stooped to put his own away. Steve sighed, still not liking that Peter felt so bad. Maybe Tony and Sammy could help. He put the ice cream away and headed off to find those two, Peter still cuddled against him.
"It’s not that. I love seeing you and looking at you when we make love. I just don't like seeing myself." He murmured back. "I want my attention to be on you. No distractions, love."
"Well, what do you think?" The woman said cheerfully, standing from her seat, "I trust everything is still the way you like, Mr. Stark?"
"I figured in the next volume, I could include the others if they wanted, but the beginning is specifically for us." The blond explained. "The publishing company wants to make samples to sell. To see how well it does before deciding to expand it and sell more in larger areas."
"Perfect aim, then," Tony replied, eyes fluttering shut, "I'm going to fall asleep, good God, my bedhound-ness is returning."
"I know, that just how you are. But instead of apologizing, you need go shower and get dressed. I don't want to be late this time, especially since its my work being showcased.".
"I understand completely, Mr. Stark." Steve stated quietly, shooting Tony a pair of puppy dog eyes. "I assume I am to be punished, Mr. Stark?"
Steve flipped through the folder quickly as they continued, marking a flier for Ms. Lewis' classes to refer back to later.
Steve stood silently. He looked as if he was deep in thought. After a minute or so, his voice came out low.
He grinned sheepishly at Steve and tried to straighten his back, gasping slightly at the pain that raced up his spine.
"Sure thing, bud. I'll let Daddy know." He answered with a smooch, walking over to the stairs. "Tony! Peter wants to pack his Batman pajamas!"
They followed regardless to where they were keeping the baby, smiling softly at the little wiggle worm in the blue blanket.
Steve cooed gently as Tony sucked at his neck. "I know what you should dress up as on Halloween when it comes around.”
Tony slept deeply, waking up peacefully, not remembering the day before. He yawned and stretched, immediately concerned to see tear tracks on Steve's face.
One he parked he leapt out of the car and scooped Peter up, jogging into the emergency room and running up to the desk.
"Peter says it’s your naptime," Tony replied seriously, with a twinkle in his eyes, "Upstairs, young man."
He rolled down his sleeves and retrieved his coat, bidding goodbye to Miss Rushman and Miss Potts and heading back out to the carriage.
"I do, you know I do," Tony mumbled, wrapping his arms around Steve, "I wish we could be lovey newlyweds again, y'know? We need a night to spark ourselves back up. A night off." He smiled up at Steve, going up on his tiptoes to kiss his lips.
“What’s going on, Steve? You’ve really been acting odd this week, and not in our normal brand of odd that we deal with.” Bucky asked, voice a soft rasp.
"Peter needs you. I need you and want you, so many people need you here and want you here Tony. Please--".
Sammy babbled at Steve, struggling for a moment before pushing himself up, leaning against the couch till he was sitting upright. He stayed still for a second, but he wobbled and fell back down, only to try and sit up again. Steve watched in surprise with a big grin growing on his lips.
"All cozy, booboo? We're gonna let you take a little nap, okay?" Steve hummed quietly as he sat in the rocking chair, baby in his arms.
"Dunno. Just feelin' it," Tony murmured, only half paying attention to the thriller playing in front of them, "Mood struck, I guess."
Tony kept his mouth shut for once, letting his running brain take it’s time to collect itself; he tensed at Steve's touches, feeling shame and anger at himself roll over him in waves. Curling in on himself, Tony cursed Howard for making him so vulnerable to showing
"I'm only yours, soulmate, no matter how much I tease you," he murmured, "Okay? There's no need to be upset, love. I was just playin' with you. I'm sorry."
"Let’s get your hands washed and ready to eat, huh?" He said with a smooch to the cheek, beckoning the others to follow.
mean sucking your dick underwater. I don't wanna drown," Tony laughed, pulling up to the cabin, "I do, however, have one of those floater-things for eight people, and it definitely has the room for two to have sex."
"Astrology," Tony replied, "And I have no problem not reacting-- what do you mean by 'because it’s you'? Are secretly harboring feelings, Doctor Rogers?"
"Rather. Women are much stronger than men when it comes to things like that." The blond clarified. "It takes a
"Alright. Get rest, love. Text me if you need anything while I'm downstairs, okay?" He said sweetly, heading out the door.
"It is, and we like it that way," Tony huffed, helping Peter out of his day clothes before putting him in the bath, floating his ducky over to him, "You'll understand when you're older, sweetheart. It just seems weird 'cause you're still a youngin'."
"I suppose so. You and Buck can chat a bit. Talk about our little vacation with him?" Steve said with a smirk, kissing Tony gently and kissing Peter's cheeks before heading to the kitchen.
"Not what you expected? I'm pretty sure soulmates aren't to be expected," Tony snorted, kissing Steve back, "But I'm glad I have you. Absolutely perfect."
Steve hurried after Tony when he ran off, sympathy running through his chest as he heard Tony. He ran a hand along Tony's back carefully. "I gotcha, babe. It's alright."
"Ya wouldn't have?!" Peter said surprised, as if his life had been so changed now knowing this information.
"I--ah, I do, Sir--" Tony put his head on the desk, breathing through his nose as he took his punishment, toes curling against the floor. He whined against the loss of heat from the ruler, looking back at Steve.
Steve nodded in agreement, kissing Tony on the lips softly. "Over dinner. That sounds good. I think I might just make a quick soup. Something warm and calming for everybody." He pointed out. "Let's go find Peter, now."
Steve smiled over at him. "It is you." He chuckled warmly. "I draw Daddy lots, so I figured I'd add a picture of my little fella too.".
"It’s okay, Samwich. We are gonna clean you up so you aren't wet while you be with bubba, okay?" Steve soothed at the baby on the changing table as he fixed up the new diaper. When he was done, he handed the baby carefully back to Peter.
Steve petted at the boy's hair sweetly, smooching the top of his head. "And besides, if we had a baby, who else would get to teach it what being a big kid is all about, huh? They'll need a big brother to do that."
Peter whimpered, but he nodded, letting Steve comfort him. Eventually, he pulled back, letting Steve stuff him into his jacket with a beanie and little gloves. "Why do y'lub Daddy so much?" He asked softly, giving Steve his doe eyes.
"Just don't overdo yourself, okay? It won't be good to be both emotionally and physically drained." Steve said quietly, giving Tony a warm squeeze. "Trust me, it makes things worse."
He leaned in to leave gentle kisses all over Tony's face, humming happily as he thought. "Do you think it’s strange that we used what happened to the boys' plush penguin as our murder mystery?" He asked quietly.
Peter nodded and chatted to Bruce more about his transformer, waving it around until Natasha took him, smooching his slightly chubby face.
This chapter is Tony's parallel to the previous chapter. Hence why it is so short. It is to simply lead into the event that I plan to happen in the next chapter.
He grabbed Steve's hand, patiently waiting. Steve stood up, leading Peter into the cafeteria area that was in the aquarium. He paid to get them each a cup of ice cream, carrying the cups to the ice cream bar.
"Good thing for me, you'll always be older." Steve smirked, straightening everything up around the room.
"Just sore. Feeling slightly better," Tony hummed, making Steve move back so he could wash out the lather, "I've got an appointment today. You're welcome to come with me if you want, Pep's agreed to watch baby bear."
"Shh, baby. Relax." Steve hummed, kissing along Tony's thighs gently. "Gosh, you look gorgeous in this light, Tony. I just want to cherish all of you."
"No, hush," Tony shushed him, turning back to Bucky, "If you need something, ask Pep. She's got the contact info for the guys out west that have the splitting device."
He grinned and gave Steve one last smooch before jerking him off more roughly, leaning to nip at his neck.
"We'll see," Peter called back, waiting for Steve to turn around before attempting to sneak away, freezing when the wood floor creaked, "
"Then be quiet," Tony hummed, not surprised at how well Steve responded, "He's too young to know." He gently nibbled on Steve's collarbones, slowly pumping him under the sheets.
"Well, he is a kid," Tony muttered, leaning onto Steve, "He can swear when he's older, but not when he's my innocent baby."
"That doesn't mean you get to tease your father either, Peter." Steve said with a raised brow as they made it to the hospital parking lot.
"Love you so much, Steve," he murmured, clenching his jaw as he pulled off, falling onto the bed next to Steve.
Once the redness had dulled, Steve had reached over to grab lube from the drawer, slicking up his fingers and prodding one at Tony's entrance.
Tony smiled fondly and made up Sammy's bottle, giving it to the baby before slumping down in his chair.
"Clint!" Tony shouted, running out of the house towards the slightly taller blond. He jumped onto the man, not surprised that Clint swung him around before dumping him on his feet.
Steve huffed a small chuckle. "Your feeling is correct, kiddo. See, Daddy and I are something call soulmates. And that basically means that before we were even born, the universe made us perfect just for each other. It’s a strong bond that nothing else compares to." He explained.
"Eugh, you know I hate my middle name," Tony chided, leaning up to nip at Steve's nose. "I want healing sex. Is that a thing? I'll need to research that."
Steve kissed at the top of Tony's head ever so slightly as the brunet fell asleep atop of him, falling asleep himself soon after.
"It's my gift to Papa. He doesn't know it yet, but Santa left him a lot of gifts there, and we have to go get them," he told the boy, drying his hands, "That, and Papa really loves to draw nature. It's a gorgeous place for watercolors and oils."
"You never told me about that before. Why hasn't this happened all the other times?" He asked nervously. "Are you... Are you going to be okay? Is there something I need to do?"
"Alright. I won't comment on it. Only because I think you'd be crazy without sex for a whole week." Steve chuckled, kissing the top of Tony's head. "But it'll be fine with the lovey-dovey things. You'll get used to it soon enough.”
He leaned up to press kisses around Steve's navel, ghosting over the golden curls nestled above his groin.
"Okay baby," Tony kissed Peter's temple, going over to the kitchen to get them both juice boxes, "You excited for Christmas, lil peep?"
Steve had overheard as he headed back in with his family, smiling warmly at Peter's proclamation. He sat down and gently pulled Peter onto his lap on the couch, smooching his cheek.
Tony felt the sweat bead on his forehead before it rolled down his cheek; he huffed and wiped it away, biting his lip to keep his moans from spilling out of his mouth. Wrapping his hand around his cock, Tony pumped himself while he rode Steve, bowed over his husband's body on a shaky arm.
"The different languages don't turn me on. Just the way you say them." He purred at the squeeze. "Comes from your lips smooth as velvet."
"Gross!" Clint yelled into the kitchen from the living room, followed by an "Ow!" from Natasha smacking him.
Steve looked to him surprised, cheeks tinting just slightly, "You... You bought a desk. Just so you could..." A small smirk twitched at the corner of his mouth in amusement. "You are so strange." He chuckled.
"There were no footsteps around, despite it raining two hours prior," he murmured, "Surely his shoes would have been wet and left marks!”
"Just a few signatures and he's all ours." Steve said with a fond smile. He leaned over to smooch Peter's cheek, then moving to Tony's as he held them close and watched the baby.
"Now, we need to talk to you about something that you'll get to decide to do, okay?" Steve hummed. "You don't have to decide now, but it’s your choice, okay?"
He slowly took Steve in, careful of his gag reflex; they hadn't done much since he hit his head, and needed a moment to get back into the swing ‘a things. Once he was confident, Tony took Steve all the way in, scraping his teeth along the heated flesh.
'Tony, it'll be okay, I promise. Just go out to your meeting and do what you need to do.' Steve answered with a reassuring smile 'Stressing yourself out over menial stuff beforehand won't help you out during.'
He adjusted himself and Steve in the bed, moving them around so that the blond's back was to him. Tony snaked his arms around the merman's waist, spooning his body up behind for comfort and to help keep them warm. "How's this?"
Tony spread his legs a little wider to give Steve a better angle, wrapping his arms around his neck and anchoring his legs so he was flush against Steve. He moaned softly, rolling his hips while Steve rocked into him.
Steve laughed softly, petting Tony's head and face. "It's just because you're hot, you goof.  'Course I'm going to feel cold." He responded sweetly, moving onto the bed with Tony and cuddling up to him gently.
"A-Ah, yes, yes." He moaned, just harshly rocking his hips against Tony's. He brought Tony into deep kiss as they moved, moaning against his lips.
“Soup good," Tony nodded rubbing his eyes, "Tomato?" He leaned back against the headboard, smiling weakly at Steve.
"It really doesn't feel like it’s been that long at all. And yet, it feels like I've known you for much longer." He smiled softly. "And honestly, I don't think I have ever been happier with anyone else."
"Maybe. But my job's not that hot." He explained, kissing the top of Tony's head. "Really, all I do is make sure no one touches or steals any of the pieces. Stop a lot of kids, really."
"Well, don't get too riled before we get home." Steve said at a whisper to the brunet. "You wouldn't be able to focus on the road, more than likely."
"Babe--" Tony's moans were muffled by Steve's mouth, pulling back so he could bite at Steve's collar. "Please, babe," he whined.
As a matter of fact, they had been spending almost all their free time together. They were as thick as thieves, the two of them, and even other people had started to notice. The girl who worked at the café they regularly visited always seemed to give them a look like she thought something was going on. Steve regularly ignored her, just crossing her off as the type to gossip. There was nothing wrong with hanging out with another guy, especially when they had become close friends.
"I figured a buildable one would be better so I could modify it, but Bruce had a certain model in stock," Tony explained, "Technically, I should still modify it, but it'll do."
"I hope so," Tony laughed, stealing another kiss, "C'mon, let's go check on our boy. He's oddly quiet."
"Oh yeah. I can finally do illegal things legally," Tony laughed, leaning back against Steve's chest under the spray, "It’s good to know I can buy the
"You look pretty," Tony murmured, tugging on it a little, "But--hmm." He took it off Steve's neck and clipped his around his own, tightening it. He sighed happily, giving himself only two fingers worth of room; turning to Steve, Tony smirked, shrugging. "Whaddya think? You or me?"
"Rats. Y'all are a bunch of rats," Tony joked, hugging Steve back, "Well, let's get this party started, ladies. First
"Mmm, can't wait." Steve grinned, nuzzling Tony's hand before stepping under the shower spray. "I'll have a surprise on Christmas that even
He scooted down to between Steve's knees, quickly slicking up his fingers before prodding at his entrance, slipping one in.
?! Out of all the years we've lived together-- it's a sin, Steven, and a damn shame," Tony gasped in mock horror, scratching Steve's neck, "We're definitely having wine. I think I have a moscato somewhere we can have. Pretty light, fruity, for the early beginner drinkers."
He carefully moved Peter's penguin to buckle the boy up, handing it back to him before taking the driver seat.
"So manly." Steve chuckled, snuggling Peter back warmly. "Well, now all us men can do our manly juice bonding together until the others get here. Because we're men."
He headed inside after somehow managing to carry both Sammy's carrier and Peter, being greeted by his husband. "Give me a hand?"
"Okay. We have everything and you know the room number and all that, right? So let’s go." He said anxiously as they started to back out of the driveway.
"I got it. It’s probably the bed, right?" Steve yelled back, heading downstairs to answer the door. When he opened it, he was met with a delivery man and a huge mattress. "Yeah, it’s the bed." He murmured. "Here, I'll help you, sir."
"No problem." Steve hummed, wrapping around Tony and moving them where Tony was laying on top of him. "You know better than to say 'or else', though. I like to challenge the 'or else' often."
Tony shucked his yoga pants off completely and tossed them aside, ignoring the tiny trail of blood that ran down his leg. He went over and unlocked the door, shamefully staring at the ground as he stepped back to clean his razor off. Steve didn't even hesitate coming into the room and pulling Tony into a hug, ignoring Tony still had the razor in his hands. He buried his face in the crook of Tony's neck, wetness building up in the corners of his eyes.
"Eaaasy there, munchkin!" Steve chuckled. "Let us get you a piece so we can cut it up, okay? We'll help you fix your plate up."
"Alright, I'll start," Pepper hummed, crossing her legs, "His intelligence is astounding. I'd go as far to say a genius, if not farther."
The blond was close; So, so close, he could tell. A small sheen of sweat was covering his fair skin from the exertion and Steve's moans began to be more broken as he continued on. He just needed that last little push, and Tony was the one to do the pushing.
"Well, you can hear me all you'd like at the cabin." Steve breathed. "Right now, I need to be as quiet as I can make myself."
“Yeah, yeah it will be," Tony mumbled, choking down the lump in his throat, "God, you've made me all sentimental, Rogers."
street, to which Tony promptly took him on a spending spree that seemed to cost his whole month’s wages. Tony also asked that they try them out tonight, if he wanted to.
"Me too. Very much." Steve gasped, a smile twitching at his lips. "Alone time. No one would hear us if we're loud." he mewled as Tony pulled away.
"Loads of people long for approval, and like in your case not everyone gets it from who they think they need it from. But that may not be who they really need approval from." Rhodey stated. "He belittled you so much, Tony. So much that it'd make you doubt your worth. But you have to realize that you are worth so much more than that. The person whose approval you need is yourself. Forget what you think you needed from Howard. He was not a father to you regardless of biologically being so. He isn't worth regretting not having approval from."
"I'll talk with him." Steve sighed, leaning in to kiss Tony's forehead. "Might as well shut the movie off. I'll talk to him, settle him for bed, and meet you in the room?"
Peter started to run over to Tony, the man's clothes on the boy. The pant legs dragged and the sleeves flopped around as Peter stopped in front of him.
"I-- ah," Tony flushed, a sheepish smile on his face, "I was testing the flight boots, and put a little too much power in it, and I... maybe... kinda... smacked my back into the concrete. Going forty-some miles an hour. I'm okay though--"
"You ready to move into your new room?" He asked softly, laughing at the boy's cheers, "I'll take that as a yes."
"You're such a cheesball," Tony snorted, tossing Steve one of the packets of sheets, "Put these on the bed while I put the others away, and we can get into pajamas and sleep our first night together in
"He don't act like it." Peter chimed, observing Sammy's happy noises. "He seems happy wit' his chewin'."
Tony grinned, smooching Steve's cheek. "Yeah, of course," he murmured, wrapping his arms around Steve's waist, "You just like being fucked over my desk, Rogers." Tony couldn't hold back his chuckle, kissing at Steve's jaw.
Sammy blinked and fell forward on his hands, babbling as he crawled across the blanket to Peter. Grinning, Peter smooched Sammy's forehead and scuttled to the other side, watching as Sammy crawled after him.
"Well, I can technically stop at any time, but Pep's been hounding me for a next update," Tony replied, half-heartedly digging into his food, "That, and I'm still working out a few bugs that're getting on my nerves, it's all really frustrating."
"G'morning." Steve hummed happily, nuzzling Tony's cheek sweetly. "Sleep alright? Are you sore? 'Cause, I'll go get you some aspirin if you need it?"
Steve had gotten everything cleaned and Peter's room all set up for the boy. A glass of water on his nightstand, a clean trash pail beside his bed, pillows fluffed, and teddy bear set on the bed for cuddling.
"That'd be great, keeping him from getting hotter just a little. Good idea." Steve nodded, smooching him back. "We can give him Bucky's ponytail. It might just help a little."
"Yeah, yeah I'm fine. Just anxious." Steve said softly with a grin. He kissed Tony's cheek in return and ruffled Peter's hair. "Stay out here with Daddy and be good for me, okay? I'll be back as soon as I can."
couldn't walk." Steve smirked softly, running fingers along Tony's chest. "Care to make an attempt at that?"
Tony breathed a sigh of relief as he cock sprung free of his too-small jeans, smacking wetly against his upper thigh.
"I'm pretty sure your nurse didn't come in and clear you, mister." Steve said with a small, fond smile. "How're you feeling, sweetheart?”
"Welcome home, Steve." Tony whispered gently, wrapping an arm around Steve and pulling the man close as he began to lead them both out of the void. "I think you'll like it here. Got quite a few people who've missed you. Peggy and Nat having been itching to see you again. And Erskine? Jeez, that guy has been waiting to talk to you longer than any of us. But I have missed you the most. Not that its a competition or anything, but it
Moans escaped Steve's mouth quicker and quicker even though Tony kept slow, gaining in volume each movement. Each thrust was on point and filled with pleasure as he felt himself barely dangling at the edge.
“I take that as a sign of where we should look,” Steve said, running after Dodger and Tony to the elevator to ride down to the workshop.
Months passed. Peter was pulled from school and started gymnastics, meeting a sweet little girl and a hell of a boy to be his new friends. Nearing the holidays again, Tony's anxiety started to work up, causing him to sleep more often than he'd like.
"Totally getting a fireplace. I can watch you chop wood shirtless,” He grinned, laughing into Steve's chest, "Don't worry babe, I'll keep you warm."
"Yeah yeah yeah!" Peter said excitedly, bouncing in Tony's arms. "Does Papa like da science museum?" He asked curiously.
Steve cleaned up and gathered up Peter's supplies from the boy's room. He would still always be amazed by the fact their now seven year old was doing
"That... this hasn't happened before." The blond said softly, shuffling a bit and finding that it made his issue more uncomfortable. "What makes this do this? Does this happen to you?"
Peter nodded, already half asleep in Tony's arms. Tony stood, gently carrying Peter over to the bed before laying him down, pulling the covers up to his chin. He grabbed his pajamas and quickly changed, sliding under the warm blankets to curl up to the little bear.
"I'm going to read you 'The Night Before Christmas.' It’s a classic around Christmastime. Sort of a tradition." Steve said softly, grabbing the book and sitting beside the bed.
"Apparently, Peter's teacher before we started homeschooling him had said soulmates are gone. The last ones known were born in the 90s." Steve murmured. "He was so amazed by the fact of us being soulmates."
"No more making yourself bleed," he ordered, "No. Never. Never ever or--or I'm putting the toys away for a week."
Steve loved hearing Tony's noises, loved hearing that he could do that to the man. He gave another low moan to send vibrations up through Tony's body, trying to bring him close to the edge.
Steve shook his head fondly at the boy, giving Tony's hand a squeeze as they watched Peter grab at his presents.
"I'm glad you asked." Tony hummed happily, standing from his workstool. "It measures the vibrations from your vocal chords and projects it almost like a voice box would normally. The way it sounds almost identical to your voice? It has to do with the vibrations as well." He explained.
Steve swooped in quickly and scooped up the boy, throwing him over his shoulder as he headed back to the living room.
time." Steve explained, petting Peter's bangs back. "But you may change your mind someday. And if you don't, that’s just fine with us. Whatever makes you happy."
"You're doing well. Keep it up." Steve laughed good-naturedly. He moved to kiss the tip of Tony's nose with a grin.
He rubbed Tony's back comfortingly. "We'll get you taking care of. Some juice, something warm to eat, and some cold medicine."
The blond rolled his eyes fondly. "I can't do that to other people's children. But a good explanation works just as well. They are usually pretty good after that."
Steve sighed deep as he settled back into the bed and kept Peter comfortable. He just wanted Peter happy, but hated having to punish the boy the few times they had. No matter what anyone says, that’s the hardest part of being a parent.
"Still, I just--mmm..." Steve whispered, hips involuntarily twitching upwards into Tony's hand. "You're insatiable, you know that?" He murmured softly.
Tony nodded silently, watching Steve's hand slide down his stomach. He whined softly, barely restraining the urge to buck up into his touch.
He took an angry breath, grabbing Steve's hand before straightening his back, fury and rage dancing in his eyes. "Fuck you," he hissed, "Fuck you and your goddamned establishment. Have fun getting funding from the government."
"There you go baby, shh, it’s over, I love you," Tony murmured, wiping the stray tears off Peter's face, "Papa's gonna come up and bathe you, and cuddle you and stuff, okay?"
He parked, shutting off the car but not moving, just staring off at the empty street in front of him.
"So I was thinking that since we are having a big Christmas dinner tomorrow, we'd just order pizza or take out tonight." Steve offered. "Saves time cooking and saves us food."
He took the scarf off his neck, moving his hand under his collarbones to proudly display his tattoo.
"You're perfect." Steve hummed against Tony's cheek, resting his head against him. "So perfect to me. Wouldn't change a thing--" he grinned happily.
"Mhm, remind me of that when you leave for Che Stark," Bucky hummed, trying not to grin at the look on Tony's face, "You hungry, Pete?"
Steve hummed in reply at the comparison, smiling softly over at Tony and laughing at Sammy grabbing his daddy's beard.
"So that's what you've been working on." Steve chuckled, trying not to hop up on the table.  He snaked his hands into Tony's back pockets, giving his husband's backside a squeeze. "Already anxious, hm?"
"We'll get a moving van to bring our stuff," he grinned, "And then we can christen the house. Always wanted to be fucked on a granite table top."
Steve watched as Peter went up, giving a small sigh. "I think he's upset about us talking about the baby..."
He frowned, flicking an eyebrow up as he looked at Steve, opening his mouth as soon as the phone rang.
Steve chuckled as he watched the boy go, then turning to Tony. He linked their fingers gently and leaned over to kiss his lips softly.
"I seriously cannot believe the baby's here," Tony mumbled, "God, I wish we coulda stayed in the hospital."
"We'll talk with him later, when it’s just us," Tony murmured gently, running his fingers through Steve's hair, "I think he embarrassed himself too much."
"I bet." Steve chuckled, petting Tony's hair a moment. "We'll get you all cozy for a nap when we head over there." He said gently.
Peter just cried more, limp as Tony set him on his feet, crouching to quickly take off his day clothes and stuff him into his onesie.
"I wouldn't make it to both of you if it wasn't kid-friendly, Tony." Steve chuckled, rolling his eyes fondly as he reached to scrub Tony's hair. "It’s something I made. That's the only hint you get. You'll have to wait until Thursday, on Christmas."
Steve flushed for just a quick moment at Tony's new position, stilling for the moment. "That's a different thing. That's controlled hits." He explained softly.
"So, Steve, how did you all find each other? I know the whole soulmate thing was a big deal to you, so I am curious." Peggy asked with a hum behind her tea. "Crikey O'Reiley, this is delicious."
"I think you need more than a hand," Tony laughed, taking Peter from Steve, "Kitchen's all clean and our bed is turned down. I'm gonna stuff him into the bath and pajamas, you wanna take Sammy and we'll rendezvous at bed in twenty?"
“I have Hill waiting for me with the same updates,” Fury said sipping his drink again. “This is damn good. That said Coulson if you don’t answer me and tell me the truth I’ll have her give me the report, and then dig for the rest myself.”
“Peter’s exhibited signs of depression for a child his age. Loss of appetite and interests. He spends most of his time doing homework weeks in advance. He’s top of his class academically. Socially he is at the bottom. Romanov and Barton have been able to stave off the worst of it, however Peter asks for you daily. Furthermore, Peter’s being bullied for having same-sex parents,” Coulson finishes.
Steve took Peter and Tony stayed behind to help. By help, he bugged Bruce and fidgeted the whole time.
“Tony, you and Steve are keeping him locked up. Like some doll. He needs to go to school and meet kids. You said his aunt’s dead, well have you guys kept anything from her?”
Steve let's go and smiles sadly. It is too old and ancient to cut down this willow. If it has survived this long then he will not be the one to fell it
So, Bucky does the only thing he can. He sits on the bed and wonders how long it has been since Steve’s sheets were washed.
The house moves, Steve can tell it. Things change their position subtly and the doors appear from one point to another. He even sees one reverse the knob.
Tony flushed, burying his face in his pillow while pushing back into Steve. He mewled softly, gently clutching at the sheets. Steve pressed in a few more fingers as he progressed, working Tony open nice and careful.
Steve bucked his hips up into Tony's hand, his breathing becoming more broken up and moans of Tony's name escaping his lips. He lasted a few more pumps until he came softly in Tony's hand.
"Yeah." Peter hummed, getting out of bed and reaching up for Tony to pick him up. "Pleeeeeeease?" He asked with puppy eyes.
"Mmhm. See if they wanna stay in the guesthouse, 'cause I got them gifts, too," Tony hummed, changing into pajama pants.
Steve nodded, keeping Tony close to him soothingly. "I'll be absolutely sure to do that. I will." He assured.
Steve was surprised and silent for a moment, a warm laugh building up in his throat and coming out heartily.
Sammy babbled up at him, seemingly in agreement. Steve smiled softly at all his boys, giving them all loving smooches. He stopped for a moment when a thought occurred.
"No... No, this is perfect, Tony. This is more than I could have hoped. And you put so much into it..." Steve whispered softly against the genius, kissing softly up his neck before meeting him with a soft smile.
They would both joke around, and have a warm drink inside at the cafe when it rained (Spring is such a rainy season no matter where you go). Occasionally Tony persistently bugged Steve to let him see the first finished part of the project, which Steve kept hidden from him as equally as persistent. Steve knew better than to keep it in his dorm, where it would be in plain sight.
Tony nodded, bucking slightly in his sleep. He moaned quietly, tucking his head into Steve's neck. Steve continued to move his hand a little longer, soon working Tony's pants down just enough to make his cock free. He moved down slowly and took the tip into his mouth, suckling gently.
Sammy had calmed down for now, watching again as the others colored. On Steve's page, the baby smacked lightly at an uncolored area, to which Steve chuckled.
Steve hummed in understanding. "That's how I feel about you, but I can at least say some of the things." He explained at almost a whisper.
"You're gonna spoil me. And I'm not sure how I feel about that." Steve grinned back, wiggling closer to Tony on the bed.
"Yes! I love when things work out. Now we can hold a conversation instead of you being mute the whole summer." Tony said thankfully, sending Steve a quick wink.
Peter just shrugged, burrowing his embarrassed flush into Steve's side. He sniffled, whimpering as he clung to his Papa's shirt.
A blush ran down Steve's face and neck, all the way down to his chest as he grabbed the gag and crawled slowly over to Tony. He sat down on his knees looking up his husband and handing the gag over.
He came back with a warm wash cloth and wiped gently at Tony to clean him off, wiping himself off before tossing the cloth in the hamper and heading back to bed.
“Oh! You're awake." Steve hummed as he poked his head into the bedroom, deciding now just to walk in. "How long you've been up?"
"This isn't about that, Tony." Howard said sternly. "Although I was rather upset about that, this is about a different matter.". Tony shot his father a look that told him to explain.
"Everything's set up," he murmured, "On Christmas, I'll put a big bow on the door with a tag to him on it."
"Really? Never been told that before..." Steve hummed in reply, venturing to pet lightly at Tony's hair. "Glad I could be of assistance." He smiled gently, relaxing on the floor.
"Now Peter, you have a bedtime for a reason. Boys your age, big or little need rest to help them grow and be healthy." Steve said calmly, rubbing Peter's back. "As you get older, then you get to stay up later. But right now is bedtime, bubba."
suck your dick," Bucky grinned, enjoying Steve's groan, "Yeah, we can take the little ones off your hands. When do you want to hoist them over?"
...!" Steve moaned with a slight growl in his voice, just mostly becoming a noisy mess after that. It was all getting to be too much. He couldn't do anything about it with the cock ring still on him.
"Oh, well I wasn't aware--mmmph..." Steve finished against Tony's lips, kissing back deeply. He bent down further and deepened the kiss, licking at Tony's lips as he asked for entrance.
"Probably should’a used the safe word, couldn't get it out fast enough," he laughed, leaning back, "Sorry, love."
Eventually, Peter grew into his boyish nature, finding backtalk and his Dad's language much more fun than behaving himself. And of course, on the day that Tony
"Shhh..." Steve soothed, smooching the top of Tony's head. "We'll talk about it, okay? Just not when Peter is with us. You didn't do anything wrong, love. Not regarding the thing with Peter. You were being a parent."
"How about you sleep with Papa and me tonight?" He whispered, smiling fondly at the boy's nod, "Alright, I'm gonna tuck you in, then Papa and I will get ready for bed, and we can have lots of cuddles."
Steve's eyebrows quirked up softly, smirking back to him. "You are correct, they don't." He hummed back, moving up the stairs carefully to their room.
"I don't see why you couldn't." Steve stated, raising a brow.  "But before I do that, I need to know that you have some knowledge of American History. So we will do something fun." He explained. "I will ask you a question, and for every correct answer, an article of clothing comes off and you'll get to see what's hiding underneath. Fair?"
Steve was a bit nervous out of sight from Tony with this stranger, but if Tony trusted him then he couldn't be too bad,right? Although Raavi was a bit eccentric and seemed a bit much at times, he was nice and respectful as he helped Steve change into the different outfits.
cut it. It had been two days now, and Steve still didn't remember a thing. Bruce had said it would pass eventually, give it time and help him familiarize himself again and his memory should come back. Well, Tony has tried. Stubbornly tried, and still was trying, but Cap was still at a loss for his memories. All Tony could do was keep trying to jog the man's memory in hopes to get good ol' Cap back.
"Steve! Just the man I wanted to see!" Tony chuckled, ushering the blond over. "C'mere, I want you to try something for me. I promise it won't hurt." He assured, holding out a device that looked almost like some sort of collar.
"True, but that’s been with us around, too. Who knows what he'll do when we leave." He sighed, settling in his seat. "Just gotta hope he'll be fine."
He gently put Sammy in his lap, smooching his hands before taking them off his nose. Tony gently prodded at the skin, sighing in relief.
Steve just sort of made a confused 'uuuh' noise as he thought. He had never had a haircut like this before, so he honestly had no idea. He breathed a sigh of relief when Tony chimed in with some pictures on his cell phone.
"You doodle me first, then you can position yourself and whatever," Tony hummed, letting Steve put him on the wall.
Peter put his thumb in his mouth and sniffled, clutching at Steve's shirt as he tried to sleep. It only took a moment for him to settle, snoring open-mouthed, as he relaxed.
Waiting to hear Steve's breath even out, Tony carefully extracted himself from the blond's arms and got to work. The sunset was soon approaching; Tony quickly got the blowup mattress outside and set it up, quietly putting candles around the yard and lighting them before sprinkling rose petals amongst the grass. He laid blankets and pillows on the mattress and headed inside, making a trail of rose petals to the couch.
"I'm happy for you guys. Working on a real family. First with Peter and then with the eventual baby." Bucky said wistfully, watching Peter play. "It’s good for you two. Makes me think of what it'd be like." He murmured quietly.
Tony latched onto Steve, unaware of his erection pressing into Steve's side. He sighed happily, nuzzling at his neck. Steve blushed slightly, feeling Tony against him
until we get a date for the trip, but it'll be cold. Ish. Cold for us non-muscular beings," Tony snorted.
He only holds it because he's not dead, Eugene," Tony drawled, "But he's long retired from controlling the funding for this building from the Stark Foundation."
They stayed like this until the movie's credits, Tony turning his head to Steve with a curious energy. "So what did you think?"
Tony finished cleaning up Steve before wiping himself down, letting the murky water drain while helping Steve up, drying him off and leading him back to their room. He dug out underwear and sweats for Steve, helping him into the clothes before tugging the clean comforter over the sheets, laying him down. Steve moved to curl around Tony as soon as the man laid down in the bed next to him, humming sleepily and content.
"You are too hot for your own good." Steve said quietly once he eased down from his high, wrapping arms around Tony and hugging him close.
"Yes and no. Dog collars are made with polyester fibers. These--" Tony plucked one off the wall, running his fingers over the metal, "--are leather with the dog clips. The clips can be used with leashes, chains, ropes, whatever." He flicked his eyes over to Steve, slowly clipping the leather around his neck, adjusting it like an old friend.
"I think it’s cute." Steve admitted. "At least he understands you, so it’s not a total loss." He grinned. "So how long have you lived here? I haven't seen you around until today, and I've lived here a few years.".
Steve arrived outside the room right on time, opening the door to nothing but darkness. Weird. After about a minute of searching for a light switch, the room was flooded with light and Steve was in turn flooded with memories.
Tony didn't drift off to sleep; he stayed up until he was sure Peter was out, then returned the boy to his own bed, tucking him in. It was around five in the morning when his body forced him to sleep, sending him into a dreamless state curled into Steve's side. Steve had woken a couple hours later, feeling small hands pushing against his arm softly. He poked his eyes open to see the small hands were Peter's.
, Steve--" Tony moaned, biting his lip harshly when he felt the blond clench tightly with orgasm. He buried himself to the hilt before coming himself, putting his head on Steve's shoulder to try and gulp down air while watching the stars swim in his eyes.
Tony laughs lowly and says, “And we’re making an enemy. I’m going to hack into Osborn’s files at some point. Our advantage is he doesn’t know Peter’s his late associate’s son.”
“I don’t want this,” said Steve. He slumped down on the upturned sofa and crossed his arms. “This fighting. Buck—”
A large gothic, gargoyle infested mansion stands in front of Steve and he gapes. Peter runs up the stairs and jumps, waving at them as if to say “Hurry, we’ll miss.” Steve coughs and grabs Tony’s hand. They stand walk up the stone steps and knock the wide wood door with golden knobs.
“Brother, you have much to answer for,” Thor says. “Please, hold your liesmith nature and let the punishment come. I will not see you hurt more than necessary.”
Later, as Rolfe draws with Peter, Volstagg wonders why he agreed to buy parchment and ink when he does not understand the Midgardian word. Peter wrote some signs, but neither Volstagg nor his wife can read it. So, Rolfe and Hildy, his youngest daughter are attempting to communicate through pictures.
"Speak louder, you big oaf, I'm not sure the magistrate heard you," sniped Loki with a pinched expression.
Peter scrutinized Bucky for a moment. It looked adorable seeing his face scrunched up and Bucky held back a genuine smile, until Peter nodded in finality. He went back to drawing onehanded. Bucky squeezed the one holding his flesh hand.
When the portal to different worlds was opened, Jane Foster and Dr. Selvig found a way to neutralize the power and make it open exclusively to Asgard, by Thor’s request, and many diplomatic compromises with his father. It was then decided to hide in Avengers Tower, since the tower has no true affiliation with SHIELD.
“I can’t. I owe Bucky my friendship. He wasn’t supposed to be in battle anymore. He was supposed to be home, safe.  I won’t fight him for what they made him do.” Steve turns to Barnes kneeling and nursing his sparkling shoulder. “I won’t fight you. But, Buck, they’re my life. Tony and Peter are my life. I won’t lose them to this.”
There has been nothing to yield so far. The drawings are of two men and one elderly woman; there are houses and rooms, but Volstagg cannot decipher the meaning.
Pepper makes her rounds at the guest tables again. Happy is beside her and she knows it a cliché, but she feels stronger with him there. Pepper smiles at the passing guests who leave early and at one point she sees her assistant Jules. It is odd because she is out with mono. The thought escapes Pepper as her grandmother comes up to hug her and give her a small speech of how marriage works. She smiles and nods in the appropriate places. Happy saves them when he says to check on Tony.
Peter continued down the hall way to another suite. The people bustling about took little notice of the young boy and his missing guardian. Peter looked around the Plaza and sighed in awe. It really was a palace in New York as his pops had told him.
“No, kid. Your dad’s…..Mr. Stark’s still at the tower. There’s repairs that need to be done since the Radioactive Man attack and..,” he stops. “How ‘bout you and I get some ice cream, today. I know it’s been a while since I took you to Serendipity.”
“He’s out on the couch waiting for you with Dr. Banner,” Coulson says. He turns but stops. “Don’t make me regret this.
Steve takes him and goes out to the others in the Quinjet. Tony embraces them both and kisses Peter’s head.
“Why do you do this? What did I do to you?” He should fight, but daddy says that fists are not the answer. Words help and the right words can get rid of any bully.
He sits on the one bed in the cabin and sees the steam coming from the bathing chamber. Loki does not know his own feelings of what is happening. He lies down and watches a sparrow chase another one out his window. He hums enjoying the sound of another in his presence.
Volstagg searched frantically. One instant the boy was standing to him and then one of the guards, a rude one by that, halted them and had the gall to question Volstagg and his presence. They quarreled for a bit until a smarter guard came to verify Volstagg’s claim.
Peter sits at a table that looks it should be put to rest. His son has pizza crust on his shirt and sauce on his mouth. There is nothing physically wrong and it seems the Winter Soldier hasn’t tried anything.
Bucky rubs the boy’s back and holds back a chuckle. Of course, that’s when his door is blasted through and yells are heard.
He was not meant for this. However, as he frustrates over the people to invite (all adults) and the decorations (Halloween maybe) and the food (Peter likes most things) and the party favors (candy), he has time to space out and think of how his involvement with Project Rebirth and how, after decades, there are still those who want this.
It is child’s play as Loki in Jules kind voice asks Peter if he wants cake. The child frowns; nonetheless he follows Loki until they are out of that garish room and in a yellow Corvette. Learning to drive these contraptions was pure boredom, but Loki thanks his fortune he took the time.
"It's obvious warrior. If your Fae wants to be let go of his immortality, it must be him to choose. You cannot force him from his willow as Bestla and Bor could not move me from the mountains."
“Um….I guess because…you’re not….” He stutters through his speech, twiddling his thumbs, as if ashamed.
Splashing water on his face to remove the grime from last night helps a bit. Though, facing himself in the mirror is difficult. He had been used to seeing Tony’s reflection looking back at him. How the man would admire himself in the mirror next to Steve. How Tony liked to remind Steve they were a “hot” couple.
Fandral shrugged. “A child or chicken, perhaps. Although,” Fandral remembered that pretty maiden. What had she said? “Ah, yes. Volstagg had found the boy. Oh dear,” Fandral blanched. “He’s here and lost.”
Tony pouted, his mustache wrinkling around pink lips. “Maybe just until middle school. Then really, we have to make sure he doesn’t lose valuable brain cells.”
Steve's thoughts of war and battles disperse in flames. HIs only goal in life is to have the man to himself.
Tony uses his self-control not to shoot him in the face. Instead, he lifts his faceplate, glaring at the man. It does nothing (obviously).
Nothing is said, but after the first few months, they do not mention Peter to anyone, which is hard when that includes spies, a Norse God, a guy with wings, a Hulk who
And then, when all hopes of language seem lost, Peter draws a symbol. It is the Midgardian call for their warriors: the Avengers.
Peter understands because he draws above the two men symbols. The tall one has a star in a circular design and the next is a mask of some craft with rectangular features.
That has been the most of the cabin’s activities. And the fire Peter started when he was making pancakes. Peter had drowned the pan in oil and it flipped when Peter tried to flip the pancake. Loki waved his hands the fire extinguished, although he did watch as Peter cooked.
Fury groaned. Coulson was doing no better as he almost ogled the Cap’s kid. He stood off to the side, like Fury, but still clutching that gift from the first party.
Steve halts when he sees the Washington Memorial. He is at the opposite end of the pool between it and him. Steve collapses on the ground. There he feels the buzz of his cell. Steve scrambles to get it out of his pocket.
He nods and returns to see the two men holding Peter up as he looks out the window at the setting sun.
"I'd say a drink is in order," he nods. Loki walks away and Thor shrugs to follow. Steve breathes and follows these strange men.
Steve stops in his actions. He shakes, tears streaking down his cheeks. The shirt in his hands bunges up.
"I am told someone unexpected came for a visit. An old friend of your father's from his army days. Now, Peter, this man is someone SHIELD has been looking for," Mr. Coulson said. He maneuvered to be facing Peter. "He's a dangerous person. An enemy of the highest caliber."
Scouring the city for a boy in strange clothing was a tedious task and not fruitful. Best was that he had been returned to his family and worst…Sif felt a shiver go down her spine at the worst. They continued in their search until Fandral charmed a young seamtress.
“Happy birthday kid.” She leaned in and whispered, “Look out if you’re parents decide to send you away.”
Steve made the last few feet to Anthony. Above, on his branch, sat Steve's nymph love. Tears openly flowed on Anthony's face and he reached out for Steve.
“No. Remember, it’s my time.” Tony stops pacing to look down at Steve. He shakes in his stance. “Second, protecting him. From me. From me, Steve. Your husband. Protecting him from me, for killing my parents. If you hadn’t felt bad…if you didn’t why he said what he said…” Tony stops. Tears pool in his eyes.
Odin and Frigga just watched with hints of amusement. Thor could hear them whispering, “so much better than last” and “marvelously hilarious.” Thor has lost the room and Jane smiled shyly up at him.
Looking a gift-horse in the mouth will not change his love for Peter; the same goes for his husband.
Peppers drops the coffee and slams the door shut. She then opens the one across the hall and finds it filled to the brim with childhood essentials. The toys they bought, clothes, drawings litter the floor and surfaces. The bed is messily made up and when she looks in the bathroom, there is tooth paste crusting on the sink. It’s Sesame Street brand.
“Don’t blame yourself; their cheering squad wasn’t into it either,” Fury said, glancing at Steve and Tony. Their faces are serene as they watch Peter with Ms. Lewis and the Osborn kid begin a game of thumb wars. “I think we doubted them too much.”
“We haven’t been able to figure it out yet,” Steve said. “I gotta go before Tony comes flying through.”
“Wait, Bruce,” Steve scrambles out of the couch, waking Tony who yelps at Bruce’s presence. “We can explain.”
Tony swallows the lump in his throat. His eyes mist and he curls in on himself. They cannot do this.
“That’s why I sent him off. Tony, please, listen. Bucky won’t have any contact outside of me and Sam. Maybe Nat. He won’t be allowed near Peter or you. I promise to keep him out of New York.”
“My brother,” he says. Jane leans down with him and puts her hand on his shoulder. “Loki is alive and he has enchanted my teammates. Do not fret, Lady Pepper, it will fade after a time.”
The man feels Hulk’s ire build but quells it. He cannot scare the boy if he’s to carry him out of here.
“Yes,” Peter says. He shrugs. “My daddy, when he found about my spider powers, said to trust my spidey-sense. My pops said that it is the action of a man that defines him, past and present, not what he looks like or who he is.”
Bucky sighed. He owed Sam a big debt. Like the one he owed Steve. These two men had kept him safe and alive, hidden from the world that would see the Winter Soldier hung. And he repaid them by essentially ruining Steve’s marriage and destroying Sam’s home. He owed Peter too, for giving him a chance instead of being afraid.
“A while. He asked about me and you and pops. He said he had a lot to catch up on and that pops could help him. He said that he wanted to be part of our life, like an uncle. He said that when it’s okay, he’ll tell me the whole truth.”
The door is ajar and they fall in; Peter is standing on his rocking chair, which teeters dangerously, until Steve gets up and grabs him.
“I think we’re going in circles,” Steve interjects before Tony opens his mouth again. “If Nat thinks he can help, and Fury advised her to tell us, then we need to listen to him.”
“You have two dads and that’s not right. Dads don’t have babies. Only mommies can and my moms aren’t together. Mama had to leave and mommy married some stinky boy…” she stops. Her lips quiver and tears come out.
Peter gave him an odd look, as Tony face palmed and Steve just shook his head.  Bruce sighed. The deed was done and he had enough DNA for him to run a good analysis.
Reflections of the past weeks here cascade in Bucky’s mind; he too had been out of sorts. Unlike Steve, Bucky did not have a room. Sam got the small guest room, while he lived on the couch. It meant that Sam had been able to help one person out. He forced Bucky to move and to wash and to take care of himself.
“It’s not just me, Steve.” Tony says. He wants to be scathing, however he too is defeated. The August heat really gets to him, especially in an old mansion with no central air. Tony picks up the remote for the fan. He raises the speed in prayer it will cool down this boiling point. “You agreed to everything. You wanted to keep Peter at the tower. You and I kept him a secret. And now, now the fucking world knows.”
“We have to be smart about this. ‘cause you can’t barge in there after weeks of this silent treatment. So, you need to sit and practice what you’re going to say or Steve’ll clock you again and I don’t’ think we can afford a hotel anymore.”
“I don’t care,” Tony growled. “He was there, Steve. Alone with my son. No matter,” Tony stopped, taking a breath. “No matter the reason Bucky’s still a murderer and a danger.”
“Hey look,” Dad says pointing. There’s a hot dog stand nearby. “I think it’s been a while since we sat out for a dog in the park,” he says squeezing Peter’s hand.
Tony grabs under Peter’s legs and carries him to the boy’s old room. The space is empty except for the furniture including the bed sheets. Tony falls on it with Peter clinging to him. The boy can climb walls, he will not fall off Tony. Once they are lying down Tony feels Peter squirm in his hold. He loosens enough for the boy to look up at him.
"Wall sex. We haven't had wall sex. That and the couch has paint all over it, if you remember correctly."
"I should probably teach you a lesson, about misbehaving at school and trying to keep it from me." Tony sat up, pulling his fingers away from Steve. He stood, feeling his heart thump in his chest; grabbing Steve's arm, he dragged him back to his workroom, sitting in the chair behind the desk.
Steve moaned with a bit more volume as the third finger was added, moving slightly into Tony's movements.
"Oh, no, nope, you are not putting that in your mouth," Tony took the baby's hands, pressing kisses over them to distract him, "You put enough gross things in there already."
," Steve mewled back. "Peter is wanting breakfast first and he's-- heading around the corner." He squeaked, face growing red.
"Of course. So everybody is having naptime, then." The blond laughed, deciding to cover them under a sheet. "You're lucky I like it when you lay on me."
When he woke up next, Tony was still asleep, entwined with him. He smiled at the still sleeping man, debating on just getting up to make breakfast or just waiting for Tony to wake up first.
He put Peter down, handing him the lighter plates. Peter helped along, enthusiastically setting every bit he knew went on the table.
Anticipation stirred arousal in Tony's stomach, making his cock twitch as he was led over to the desk. Steve pressed Tony’s face down gently against the desk, hovering over the man softly as he searched for that new bottle of lube.
like is that you could be getting a poor grade in this class." Steve said softly.  "You're a brilliant student. All your other teachers say so. They say you ace their classes without hardly so much as a thought. Yet it’s my class you seem to be having trouble with."
up for it," Tony purred, snuggling up to Steve, "I'm thinking of it as a reward. Since you're so good for me."
"What do you mean 'we'll see'?" Steve asked, raising a brow. "If I say I'll be good, I'll be good. That's how it is." He stated, leaning up to kiss the tip of Tony's nose.
Sammy batted back at Peter, pushing himself up to try and get over to him, only to fall over again. His lip wobbled slightly, but Tony got him up, smooching his cheek.
He cried out and groaned softly, trying to stay upright with stars dancing in his eyes. Steve followed right along with Tony, feeling him clench harshly around him and coming with a loud moan. He laid against Tony's back as he fell, leaving open mouth kisses along it. Tony panted heavily, already feeling the arousal building in his gut again.
"The fiercest of them all." Steve pointed out, moving Peter dramatically. "Faster than a Hammerhead! Fiercer than a Great White! Even Poseidon quivers before him!" He announced.
"You mean like, actually raise one from a newborn?" He said softly. "Going through the whole process; Bottle feeding, potty training, everything?" He asked almost unbelieving.
"I know, but I know now and there isn't anything to change that." Steve said softly. "It happened in the past and we'll get through it. I'll help you, I promise."
"Mmm..." Steve hummed lowly, running his tongue along the underside of Tony's cock. He kept going down until he felt it hit the back of his throat, starting to bob soon after with low moans.
"So now what? We just let him off the hook orrr," he asked Steve, voice low, "I mean, that explains why Sammy's been having trouble taking naps."
