He cries because he feels like he has lost a part of himself with Peter, a hole gaping inside his chest in a shape no one else can fill, the space between his arms still feeling hollow and empty even as Pepper occupies the space with her own frame. Tony feels like his hands are still stained with his ashes. His muscles want to squeeze around a person who is no longer there, to comfort and be comforted by someone that can’t be reached, and he mourns, he mourns for the kid he loved so much he thought of like his own, the kid who made him wish for
, goes unsaid.
Is he okay?
Steve frowns, not really getting where this is going. “How many cups can he drink a day?”
It’s an awful position to be in, not knowing where he stands with her anymore. Steve recognizes he is not as hopeful and trusting as he once was, even if that trust had always been very fragile wherever governments and too-powerful institutions are concerned, but when SHIELD fell, even if that seemed like the confirmation of all of Steve’s fears about the rotten state of the system, through it all, he had
Natasha interjects, her voice a little surer, but still wrapped around a sad, muted wave, rough around the edges, choking tears down with hard, inescapable facts. “We were able to gather food and bring people to shelter, but these are all temporary measures. There’s no use bringing them to shelters that have no light and no heating, and the world gets colder every day. The food will eventually run out, too.”
He calls Bucky, that night. He just… Just wants to hear his voice.
“I’m sorry.” The words tumble out of Tony’s mouth, and he can’t take them back, he can’t, he’s already halfway through a speech he has no strength to handle, so he quickly turns it into something else, because he can’t even begin to express what he feels, he
They lay there, in each other’s arms, because they both know it will not last. They bask in each other’s touch, in each other’s presence, in this intimacy that is, sorrowfully, a perfect mirror of the moment they woke up, when the veil was unbroken, when the words still hadn’t been uttered. When it all was still hiding under that fragile bubble, pretending to be normal.
(How?)
, man?!”
Of course. Soldier. Right, Tony had forgotten that.
“Sit down, Maria. Say hi to your son”
He has many of Howard’s features. His dark hair, his cheekbones, even his nose, but his eyes are all Maria’s, brown and warm, like a doe’s, and everything about him is perfect. He will be clever, she can tell. Like his father. Probably a quick-witted, smartass little thing, curious and energetic, if the way he’s completely restless is any indication.
“Upset? Me? No, I’m not upset. I don’t care. He made his choice. He
‘cause we
this is real.
if she were coddled. She was not a child.
But until then.
(What happened?)
“Wanna go get dinner?”
He hugs her back, and he doesn’t think about what it means besides the obvious –
he should have been.
, they have all read the comics and visited the museums – but the second one
“According to Mr. Lang’s lawyer, this is good news.” Vision informs. “The possibility of imprisonment in the Raft has been completely discarded, and there is still a chance of making an appeal to reduce the sentence, possibly even request a house arrest. We are very sure that the outcome can be even more positive, with some long-term work in Mr. Lang’s case.”
(He’s going to regret it.)
“She’s… She’s pretty shaken.” He says. “She didn’t take it well.”
(Get on the ship.)
“I actually do.” Tony tells him. “And if we do manage to get into Wakanda, you’ll have the biggest, most advanced technological workshop at your disposal.”
He’s also not scared, despite his initial concerns, of his
But Tony has never been so glad to see an alien spaceship before.
Steve doesn’t know how this happened.
fault her for it, he can’t! He won’t! Of course not. How could he, right, how
“Of course.” He exhales, and tries to put on a reassuring smile, though he knows it barely tugs at the edges of his lips, more grimace than happiness. “It’s fine. Yeah. You’re always welcome, Smurfette. You too, furball.”
Vision watches her go for a second, no hint of expression in his face, but his
Winter Soldier Bucky. Not Forties Bucky.
“I don’t understand, what’s the problem with that? What does that have to do with this Ross?” Thor inquires.
“Tony.” Bruce calls, a little urgent, leaning forward and raising his hands in a placating gesture, as if he’s getting ready to steady Tony if it’s needed, like he sees something in Tony’s face that makes him frightened, makes him worry. “He didn’t take only the people—”
the glass made when Steve slammed his shield in his Arc Reactor.
we would. I’m not trying to replace Rogers or become an evil leader or whatever you convinced yourself I am. I’m trying – I’m… I’m
Tony sits on the ground, curled up in a ball, uncaring of the presence behind him. It might as well not be there. He feels alone, he feels so utterly, completely alone, an empty body floating amidst nothingness, meaningless and small and
“Cull Obsidian.” Nebula clarifies.
“Alright.” He agrees. “Hit me.”
His name is on the Active Roster list. His
the feelings and things that make you feel ashamed – but since Bruce insists so much that Hulk is another person, isn’t a good strategy to treat him as ally, not as a beast to set loose when needed, while still fearing it?
for this overbearing wise sage bullshit when they have much bigger problems on their plate—
The founding Avenger, and Steve tried to
“Nothing else should have mattered.” He says, and he means it. He means it with all his heart, with all his soul, with every piece of him that still cries, still hurts with the idea what this, all of this, could have been avoided if they had just
, as if she wasn’t capable of handling it herself? That shit has to stop too. You might a Super Soldier, but you’re not a god, alright?
“Play nice.” Tony chastises with no real heat, blinking twice rapidly to dispel the awkward sensation that threatened to creep into his brain. “She’s a friend.”
Steve made that choice, and now he is paying the price for it.
, but
What.
“Oh, I know.” Shuri says confidently, giving him a look that is full of mirth. “That’s why we had him walking here every day for the first few weeks. Might as well learn to admire the flowers, now he’s already here.”
. I told him, over and over again! He knew Bucky had been controlled and he attacked him anyway!”
“The one for my family.” Steve clarifies, eyes going all gentle and fond.
“C’mon.” Rhodey says, throwing his arm around Tony’s shoulder, pulling him towards the kitchens with practiced ease, Pepper falling into step with them easily. “I’m not letting you out of my sight until you eat.”
Steve does not reply. Instead, he pauses, and then blurts out like an accusation:
, at least.” Tony admits, and he’s pleasantly surprised there’s no judgment, no derision in Steve’s tone when he assumes, correctly, that Tony
Tony speculates, finds no conclusion, and then speculates some more. After the third repeat, he decides this is getting him nowhere, and making a new armor from scratch is a far more productive way to spend his time.
” Tony throws his hands in the air. “That was what I said!”
“Thank you, Vision.” Sam exhales, sounding almost out of breath, and he falls back down in the couch, rubbing his hands against his face in desperate relief. “Please… Do me a favor?” he gives a soft sniff, clearing his throat before saying, quietly:
“What do you want me to say, Thor?” Tony hunches his shoulders, defensively. “I don’t know what any of it means.”
Even… Even if it won’t be enough this time.
it, Stark.” Thor repeats, angrily. “It was destroyed.”
Tony knows how much stronger Thanos is. He’s well aware.
, and it all comes crashing down on him at once; The regret, the fear, the guilt, and Tony always tears himself apart when it happens, each time more destructive, each time having less and less to give in an attempt to save whatever is left.
Steve has heard this before. He has heard it over and over, he’d
And it’s that just the very job description of being a superhero?
Because that’s what Tony does. He fixes things to keep himself busy.
“What a surprise.” She says, completely deadpan, the sarcasm so thick and obvious that Tony’s mouth twitches in amusement despite himself.
And surprisingly, it’s Carter he turns to and asks:
“Next week, Stork club. At 8. Be there, Steve”.
?” Steve unthinkingly interrupts. “That wasn’t her fault
see it after all.
Oh boy, this got angsty, didn't it? I swear I'm gonna make him feel better eventually, I promise. Keyword eventually, but it'll happen, trust me.
, start to sink in a little deeper into Tony’s head. No threat. He knows. But the kid—
Steve has been feeling… lonely, these days.
Tony is – as always – the one who pisses him off the most. It’s like a game to him, probably,
Natasha slowly turns to him, her gaze so intense he feels like she’s looking down on him even though she’s much shorter, her arms never uncrossing from her chest. “Yeah, we really do.”
dawns on him.
It sounds so terrible; to break into a place that Tony helped fortify, using his own tech against him.
(You know that.)
(Of course.)
if it was something that happened close to the time Thor got his vision, but it doesn’t necessarily mean it was. We would have to ask the Time Stone itself to know, but that’s not happening anytime soon.”
But that’s a
he can see himself in her.
, and they always,
Point is… It’s a joke. It’s just a joke. It was funny, and now we can move on.
Tony turns to look at Thor, mind snapping in a whiplash, a little surprised by this revelation.
(She thinks about losing him.)
, it’s
“You’ll live.” Natasha snaps back, and it’s not just a rebuttal – it’s a
And that hasn’t changed. When he opens the door and finds the huge bed untouched and cold, he realizes he
“Stay close together, all on comms.” Rogers orders, and it’s nearly Pavlovian to obey, to defer to his forwardness, to his single-minded leadership. “We need to figure out what happened here.”
“We tried, Tony. We’ve been trying a lot.”
are a part of that team.”
And if it works the same, it could
Tony looks at her and she looks back, and for a moment – a wild, incomprehensible moment –, Tony damn nearly thinks he is
“Just a couple of days more, Tony.” He assures, soft and sweet, and Tony wishes he was
He must have.
“I thought you were engaged. There would be a wedding.” Thor inquires, without actually making the question, and the sad smile Tony gives him is all the answer he needs. “I’m sorry.”
“You know, Tony… I— I lived in some very bad places before. When I was hiding, I had no choice but to… find somewhere to lay low, wherever that place might be. And you learn things. Things about what the people down there are really like, and how they survive every single day.” Bruce unexpectedly says, with all the tone and feeling of an old soul, who has seen too much, been through too much, as it’s still not allowed to rest. “The way those places grow. The things they
“Definitely.” Steve says, coy, and slowly, he looks Tony up and down, all of him, as if he’s drinking in the sight, and that look, in Steve’s blue, sharp eyes, make Tony tremble where he stands. “And this time, I might not let you leave either.”
… It’s really throwing him off his rhythm. Something about that just sounds…
standing up, hanging on its’ last legs, wobbly, fractured, but still there – even if for just a little while. She pretends she can’t feel when his chest hitches from where she lays her head over his heart, and he pretends he can’t feel the way she trembles when he wraps his arms around her and squeezes her tight, trembling too.
Christ, Tony really hopes so.
– I thought that too – But it all has to do with space-time continuum.” Bruce points out, eyes wild.
“Actually.” Bruce steps forward to Thor, a little frantic. “I think we might need your weapon too, Thor. If it’s the only thing here that is made of this… Uru metal, we need to take a look at what it is.”
it’s almost uncanny— but his voice is gentle and sure when he tells them:
information. That’s how JARVIS kept himself hidden when Ultron attacked. So we – there’s still a couple of things here and there we can check that he
“Tony.” Pepper says, in that tone – that
They refused. And Natasha?
Tony has been unconscious, and he doesn’t know for how long; He can’t see a single soul besides Nebula, and he has no idea what he’ll find once he steps a foot outside this hospital – or even this
They have been worse than
“The thought has crossed my mind, yes.” Jarvis replies, unable to keep a note of snark of his tone.
“It had to be something strong enough to hold six Infinity Stones.” Nebula reminds them, voice gruff. “Not only when they were just there, but also when he used them. The Gauntlet has to be just as powerful.”
He is only staying because he has no other choice.
(They missed him and only Tony would be foolish enough to program
can, and the pointed edge of his voice is unexpected.
Natasha makes a thoughtful pause, and when she speaks, her voice is softer, kinder, almost a little embarrassed. None of her anger is there anymore. “Are you asking me as a teammate or as a friend?”
He drops his head down, and a sob escapes.
Tony hadn't seen the message. The image of May Parker crying on her couch, back hunched and face hidden in her shaking hands, sobs wrecking her frame, overtakes Tony’s head and it makes him feel like absolute
“What’s he gonna do without a suit?” Sam gives a questioning shrug, his arms crossed and his stance guarded; but his voice calm and curious.
“You broke in, didn’t you?” it’s what he says to that, sounding just a bit resigned, and just a bit affectionate.
That’s it.
Nebula, who has been standing silently behind him, takes a few steps forward and looks at the panel thoughtfully for a few seconds, posture taut and expression closed off.
How arrogant is that, to believe his words are enough proof?
The same old question, the same line Steve refuses to cross, the issue he doesn’t allow himself to think too much about, because he is so goddamned afraid of what he will find inside his mind if he does.
He almost asks.
(Not against a dead man.)
“Isn’t that the opposite of what a shield should do?” Nebula inquires with a stony face, oblivious.
He’s not stupid, you know? Yes, maybe during the fight, and for some time after they escaped - those first few months that were soaked in anger and resentment and impatience -, Steve had blamed it all on the Accords. He thinks that at the time, that’s what he really thought it was. He was high on the adrenaline, on the rebel feeling of invading the Raft and freeing his friends, of telling Ross and all the governments in the world to just fucking
“I am tired of running away.” She confesses, when she realizes Steve won’t say anything to rebuke her argument. “Because no matter how hard I try, I can’t escape myself. I have to deal with it. And the things I did.”
“A friend.” Steve corrects him with a deep, sorrowful sigh. “Between one friend and another.”
“I don’t know.” Pepper admits, mournfully. “We tried, Tony. We tried so hard.”
(Get up.)
He is still alive.
The Compound is dark inside, but the lights on the landing pad are light up, tiny bursts of color cutting through the oppressing black of the night, like stars guiding them through a dark night in the woods. The cold, this far away from the city,
He rubs his hands over his face, as if he could wipe away the exhaustion with his fingers – and the lack of a weight on his forearm is so disconcerting he almost feels like he is missing a limb.
And it’s tone in which he says it that makes Wanda turns to him suddenly, frowning, her tone unsure. “You’re leaving already?”
“We have to find him—"
“We do.” Rogers replies a beat too late, voice perfectly leveled, but body language extremely tight and tense. “A few more just arrived. We’re rounding on eighty people so far.”
dammit.
I did not buy him a private island. You’re talking like I just asked him to marry me or something!”
T’Challa is an honorable man, much more than Steve is - he is young, but his nobility shows through all his mannerisms and actions, the confidence and serenity of a mind that is much older than the body, much wiser, much
Tony laughs, rueful, miserable.
2012 suddenly begins to look very, very crowded in that panel.
(What if you had signed?)
(Did you care?)
“Tony.” She whispers, raspy, but never follows with any other words.
(You destroyed an airport, Cap.)
Tony is going to hang up. He is. But before he does, Pepper says one last thing.
terribly, the pulsing of his own blood loud in his ears, rhythmic, throbbing and aching sensation behind his eyeballs, all the way up to his brain. “We can’t divide.”
And Tony is
And if in a couple of months, it’s Steve favorite room in the Tower, it’s not like Tony didn’t expect that.
Steve pauses.
? He just… screwed off with the ants or something?!”
They know.
Tony’s legs itch like they want to take a step forward, but he doesn’t move. No one does.
“So we
“But even without JARVIS, there are registers of the components of the Stone somewhere in your files, and there are registers of its
Steve shakes his head. “No, she didn’t. Tony helped us stop Bruce in Johannesburg. He wasn’t at the site where Wanda got to us.”
It tastes like ash inside his mouth because he uses his hand to cover it, to try to hold back the sob that rises up his throat unbidden, raw and pure agony, needing to keep his lips shut or else he will break
“Why would Tony attack
They have to.
So then, Steve told them the basics. Bucky is in Wakanda. He is recovering. And he’ll be fine.
endorsing?
would be safe. There had been labs and training grounds, med bays and shooting ranges, R&D and common lounges,
“I was trying to find any correlation between what Strucker did to Wanda to what Loki did to Clint.”
“You think I
Bruce shouldn’t go at all. Should he?
Aimed a little higher. The helmet. Tony was using FRIDAY to fight back, and if he didn’t have FRIDAY, he wouldn’t be able to hit Steve back.
need to work. You can join me, if you want. Wasn’t sure anyone would be up to help after what happened yesterday, but if anyone would still be in for it, I guess it would be you two. Not really surprised. I’m just sorry you had to see that. You… really didn’t need to.”
He doesn’t know what he’d do. He can’t even think about it.
, it’s so serious, didn’t you see? They can’t – this can’t happen again. It can’t, they have no time, they have
Then why,
They have to keep going.
“I don’t know.” Steve admits, even though he feels like he’s gutting himself as he does, because at this point, he can’t help but being as brutally honest as he can. He can’t muster the strength to hide or lie. He’s completely bare. He’s
He’s using a completely destroyed Captain America suit, dyed darker and torn and ragged, missing the silver star on the chest, no helmet in sight, and seeing it it’s like being punched in the gut.
It’s hard to tell, especially with two spies on the house. But then again, Tony hadn’t known about Bruce either, but Steve apparently did, so information clearly goes around in odd ways in this Tower. He’s certain Steve wouldn’t
“I can’t believe this.” She whispers, staring at Steve with her eyes wide.
She wants to believe him. She wants to believe this is Anthony so badly, just so she can tell him she loves him, she misses him, and she thinks about him every day.
“Spells.” Tony says, bleakly. “You want to put spells in my armor.”
Okay.
“Jarvis loves you, he always did.” Tony complains, childishly, in reflex. “I was the one always getting a speech when it was you who was always getting into fights and getting us both bruised!”
The Compound is too big. It had to be, at first, because Tony doesn’t do anything half measured. He brought everyone and everything he thought was necessary to ensure they were all safe. That the
Steve is a leader, but most of his strength derives from a place that allows very little time for vulnerability, and
At least, not completely. But he’ll take what he can get now.
in mind. Granted, the mesh wasn’t his idea, it was Dr. Cho’s – but Tony had to tweak with it a little bit, or else it wouldn’t work with the nanotech he used for the armor. He’s not sure if it responds the way he wanted to. He never got the chance to test it. And if the particles of the mesh are responsive as his armor is, and his armor is defective, how sure can Tony be that the mesh is in working condition?
“Are you just gonna stand there and get yourself
(No!)
But it’s
The thought infests his mind the same way a damn parasite would, creeping up on him and slowly taking roots in the deep corners of his mind, making him paranoid. He feels restless. Like he’s being watched, but he can’t be sure if he really is – but what if he is, what does that mean? He wonders if Tony would reach out for them first, but it doesn’t seem likely. Tony is a very proud man. And he must be hurt, Steve knows this, because they all are, and Tony would never willingly show weakness. Not to Steve, or any of them.
, Tony hasn’t had anything like it in
“Asking is not enough.” He commands. “You have to
“Seems like it.” Clint exhales a deep, long breath, crossing his arms in a pensive stance. “I don’t even know if Stark knows he’s here. I didn’t get the chance to ask.”
“Is that why he’s been spending less time with me and more time with you?” Steve nods. “Then help him figure it out faster and give me back my Rhodey! You have your own James,” Tony grumbles.
Tony waits patiently while Steve collects himself and briefly wonders why Steve’s here with him when he could be spending his time with Natasha or Thor instead.
Nat stood up and opened her mouth. “From what I’ve gathered recently, we can confirm that HYDRA took Steve hostage based on an unknown footage by the river.” She took out her tablet and played the video to them. The video displayed two men in HYDRA uniforms lifting the super-soldier’s body onto a stretcher and left the river bay through the thick woods. “I couldn’t trace their trail as they managed to hide their footsteps in thin air.”
“That includes sex?”
“Ghosts in Midgard are only an image of your mind; no such need to fret about getting spooked,” Thor chimed in.
Someone handed him an air displacement pipette to remove the excess blood. He dipped the tip into the blood puddle and pulled the piston, causing the blood to fill up the apparatus. After three rounds of this process, the incision site became relatively clear from the liquid.
“Sort of, although he’s with Nat,” he remarked.
“I’m fine.” He tried to heave himself up to sit but a swell of throbbing backache prevented him from doing so. Steve felt a pang of shame filling inside him. He can’t be showing his weakness in front of Tony, not after he tried pining for the man he loved for two years. Only Tony understood him well compared to the others in this 21st century. He was always in his comfort zone and really felt whole as a person whenever he was with Tony, not as Captain America but as Steve Rogers. There were times where he felt lonely and melancholic but with the thoughts of Tony and his sketches of the said man, he went through with his life worry-free. If and only if he had the chance to be with Tony.
“Tony, do you have anything that could track down any cloaking jets around the world?” Bruce asked.
Just as he was conducting his cyber hunt, Pepper rushed into the conference room with a worried face as if she was been chased by ghosts. The whole room went silent and she took a glance at him. “Tony, have you seen the news?”
Hauer clutched onto the board’s handle and pushed it along with the super-soldier, who was still strapped to the panel. Whitehall followed shortly and when he was in Steve’s sights, he brought along another assistant. From what he could observe, the assistant was holding a foot-long baton prod in his right grip. Steve became doubtful with the rod, fearful of what it can do to him. Possibly to cane him, he thought.
The small sized room was simple, less furnished and looked old-school. The billionaire wandered around the room, searching for any clues or hints, or maybe Steve's flip phone. It was like finding a needle in a haystack. The lights were glowing dimly and Tony had to rely on the light source radiating from his arc reactor.
Maybe he should wait for his husband before strolling further, even if it takes a thousand years. Tony gave him love and a home, and he was not gonna let him go and leave.
His consciousness hit him back to reality. His eyes wandered around to get a better picture of his surroundings – a green blanket covering his legs, a patient monitor with an ECG machine, bright blinding lights above him. He was in a hospital. Someone intertwined their fingers with his right hand. It was Tony.
“Yup.” Tony emphasized the letter ‘p’ with a pop. “If anyone wants to wreak vengeance on HYDRA for messing up their brains for decades, it’s you.”
“The three of us will barge in the front door and pretend to be a HYDRA agent. Once inside, we just have to take down all of the guards and retrieve their remaining data.”
He rushed to the bed and flopped next to his husband, giving him a warm embrace with his head landing on Steve’s pecs. Steve returned the hug tightly and laced his legs together with Tony’s legs, and they remain in the cuddle for a long while. He whimpered and his tears fell on Steve’s gown, creating multiple soaked spots on it.
“You feeling okay, Cap?”
“Over my dead body,” he growled at the scientist.
*****
Tony was the last one to give his speech. He had tears in his eyes as he saw his partner's grave in front of him. He just couldn't do it, so he knelt sadly to the ground beside his tombstone with Rhodey holding out his umbrella for his best friend. He never imagined things would end up like this.
Next, he dissected the aponeurosis of the external oblique precisely, leading to the transection of the internal oblique and transversal muscles. More interior vessels were found along the way – all have been cut carefully and blocked using more surgical sutures. He couldn’t risk an occurrence of internal bleeding in the body as it might result in organ failure, which was hypothetically less effective for his future results.
“Yes, Herr Whitehall.” Hauer instantly grabbed a cellophane tape, tore it to fit Steve’s mouth and plastered it.
He knew she’s right. Nat was always right and Tony wouldn’t argue with her comment as she was the most observant one in the team.
“It’s the other way around.” Bruce pointed at him. “We should be thanking you.”
There was so much pain in Tony's heart. The thing that he didn't expect to happen was in front of his eyes. At the same time, he felt guilty for letting his worst nightmare to occur. Steve left the real world without Tony's forgiveness.
"I have to go now," Tony said.
Why was he stuttering? And how did his eyes water suddenly? He missed Steve a lot. That’s all. Nothing to worry about except for a tear rolling down his cheek. Obviously, he longed for the captain because Steve was his anchor, and he was Steve’s anchor.
There was nothing he regretted more than not telling that secret to Tony. He knew about that secret since SHIELD fell from the sky literally, but Steve didn’t have the guts and courage to do so. Confronting the man he loved scared him a tonnes more than getting ready for a combat in a battlefield. He wanted to tell the genius about it, yet loads of emotional baggage weighed on his shoulders during this past year.
“Even when we were at our worst?”
“I thought you were also furious like me,” Bucky grunted lightly. “He doesn’t deserve to walk away after all this time.”
The body was brought to a private medical room and Tony followed in pursuit. After bringing him into the room, a doctor demanded everyone to leave the room, but Tony insisted to stay and asked the doctor to leave for a moment. He wanted to have some time with Steve. The doctor nodded and left.
Just as he was finishing with the anastomosis construction between the external iliac and renal veins, he heard a grunt on his left. The captain was slowly rousing from his sedated sleep, looking baffled with his surroundings. He asked one of his surgeons to give him another dose of sedative. Within a minute, Captain America went under again. His procedure won’t be interfered with from now onwards.
"You can't Tony. You know that Ross will find out about it," she comforted him. "Besides, even if he permitted you to go, your Iron Man suit won’t be fast enough to be there in time,”
He asked Bucky to confirm that they were in the same HYDRA base that once held and imprisoned the Winter Soldier, and he nodded. A wave of relief and anxiety dampened his heart: they were in the right place, and Steve might still be in jeopardy.
“Well, looks like we can do that on another day.” Tony glanced at his watch and immediately rushed into the elevators while waving goodbye to Steve.
"There have been sightings of four weird aliens near Camden Market, two males and two females, according to some insiders," she put into words. "They call themselves the Black Order.
“What do you want from me, Reinhardt?”
“So, you’re just gonna pull the trigger and let him die? We need him alive, genius, so that he can be executed by the law, not by our own instincts,” he groaned, stepping closer to Bucky. “Look, deep down if I have the chance, I’ll also strangle this man’s life out of him and disintegrate him, but this is not the right way.”
Pepper had secretly got in contact with Nat to avoid Ross from detecting their location. She informed the super spy to bring the captain's body to New York for his secret funeral.
Tony fainted on the cold, hard floor. He wanted to lift him up, carry him to rest on a bed after weeks trapped in a void of space. His heart and mind said no. Not after he started a feud with the genius two years back. Not after he lied and betrayed him. Not even after Tony spat venomous rage and anger at him before the man passed out.
Winning a battle shouldn’t be filled with sorrow and heartbreak.
"We are here, live in London to report that the Captain America, Steve Rogers was killed by the leader of the Black Order who came here yesterday. The leader's name was Thanos,"
Steve smiled widely, delighted with his friends’ thoughtfulness. Then, he remembered something. “How did you take care of Bucky? I tried snapping him out of his brainwashing programme… before the Helicarrier fell.”
One hour had passed and his operation almost came to an end. Whitehall didn’t care if the surgery would take a whole day; what matters is the end game. His own end game he had envisioned for a long time. It’s all about the high discipline that kept him moving forward with major discoveries, high enough to reward him with longevity and now, assimilating all kinds of Inhuman gifts, thanks to Captain Rogers’ contribution for his discovery.
“As I said, it’s a long story,” Steve hummed, eager to know how they met. “Enough talking about them. Let’s talk about us.”
The saying did reminded Tony about his boyfriend (ex maybe?) but Steve was the one who lost him. So, it wasn't Tony's fault in their relationship. He needed to let it go.
Both of them nodded with a sigh and there was a moment of awkward silence before the billionaire broke it.
“I’m fine,” Tony sniffed a bit, unaware of a tear track on his left cheek. “It’s just… I’m scared if something terrible happens to him, like what HYDRA did to you; except without the brainwashing but more torturing.”
“I didn’t kill him,” Bucky called out from behind. “Tash only gave me tranquillizers as my bullets so that my mind won’t be triggered to HYDRA mode again.”
“Only for you.”
“See you in a minute,” Bucky waved his hand to the others who were preparing their disguises with the veil but smiled at Nat. Gross lovebirds, he thought. And that’s fine because he will shamelessly flirt and make love with his goofy husband in front of them after this rescue mission just to spite them.
“You mean I’m lucky to have him.” Bucky grinned. “I think Bruce has finished preparing your short-term neural-inhibiting potion, so you can tail along to save Steve.” He looked at Bruce, who was giving a thumbs-up in the air indicating that the diluent was ready.
“Did you just quote a Kelly Clarkson song?” He looked at him and chuckled. Bruce seldomly made pop culture references in any conversation. The curly-haired man just shrugged his shoulders as his response. “Anyways, Bruce is right. We have to conclude that my husband is still alive out there. No more conspiracy theories about his fate. If we keep dwelling about his doom, I think I might… I think I might-” No, no, no.
“No worries, Captain,” he whispered in an ominous tone in the left ear. “Your massive contribution to the world is just getting started. Even your loving husband knows that you’re worthy with HYDRA.”
His vision was foggy. The last thing he remembered was being saved by someone from drowning and his body went limp from the drop. He too remembered feeling glad and elated after convincing Bucky to recall his past, despite there was a slim chance that he would break free from his brainwashing.
“Its effects will last long enough until you’re ready for the permanent deprogramming.”
“Oh, James. Thank god.” She hugged Barnes tightly, and he returned the hug. Nat buried her face in the embrace, feeling grateful that he was back.
Thankfully, with the help of Nebula, a cyborg who accompanied Tony in space and claimed to be an adopted child of Thanos, the team could pinpoint the exact location of him. Pepper decided that Tony would stay behind as he was still light-headed after coming back from outer space. It was fine for Steve. This would be the last time he could see Tony. The man made it very clear that he didn’t want to see him. Steve respected his decision; Tony never loved him anyway since the Chitauri invasion. He vowed that after confronting and fighting Thanos, he made sure to never be in Tony’s sights ever again.
He closed his office door, pulled down the blinds, and crouched at the back corner of his decent office. Tears started to cascade down his cheeks. Giving up slowly became an option to him.
“All right, everyone. You heard the lady. Chop chop.” He clapped his hands as a signal for them to be alert. “Bruce and Barton, try digging up some old files from S.H.I.E.L.D. or HYDRA, see if you guys can find any bizarre things that happened between those two organizations in the past decade.”
Steve hesitantly places a hand on Tony’s shoulder before finishing quietly, “The thing is... I’m not half as good at anything, as I am when I’m doing it next to you. And that’s the truth. So now that we’re back here, now that we’re fighting on the same side again, I know that we can figure things out and win this fight. Together. I refuse to believe in anything else.”
So it’s a bit awkward, having to attend the charity gala for their favourite animal shelter together, but not talking to each other at all. Well, Steve talks, and Tony hums. Nods and reacts, but never with actual words.
Soft music from the indie pop playlist that Steve recently put together sounds in the background and Tony basks in the simplicity of their unhurried kisses. He revels in being completely surrounded by Steve, who occasionally pulls away to whisper endearments in his ear and peck his nose, his forehead, his cheek. He can’t get enough of the way sometimes their kisses can barely even be called kisses, because they’re both smiling too much for their lips to meet properly.
Steve beams and the smile lights up his whole face. “Come here.” He pulls Tony forward and draws him into a hug, curling into Tony and seemingly unwilling to let go.
Tony knows, objectively, that he is being irrational. He shouldn’t begrudge his boyfriend or his best friend for getting along with each other so well.
“Alright. Staycation?”
“Um.” Tony gestures at the food. “I thought you wanted to eat?”
When they finally part, Steve lowers his voice to speak. “Hi, sweetheart.”
Steve slips into bed, keeping the covers pulled back until Tony joins him. Once he’s settled in as well, Steve tucks the blankets up around his shoulders and turns to Tony.
Steve seems to find humor in his little rant, like Tony’s missing out on some joke. With his eyes twinkling and smile radiant, Steve shuffles closer to wrap himself around his boyfriend.
Weaving through the crowds on their way back to the SI booth, Bucky says, “That was really sweet of them, surprising us like this. Not that I’d complain about having dinner with just you for another night, but I’m excited to celebrate with them. You know, the people who have always believed in us.”
“We are taking those clothes up to the roof and we’re gonna have a bonfire. But first.” Tony leans in and presses a long, lingering kiss on Steve’s lips before pulling back. “We’re going to go back to our room. We’re gonna get naked, and get you into the shower to wash off that Harvard stench. And you’re going to pucker up your rosy lips and kiss this beaver’s ass.”
At the sound of Tony’s voice, Steve abandons his post to join him in the doorway. He places his hands at Tony’s waist and leans down for a long, lingering kiss—one that Tony desperately needed after an exhausting day of explaining the value of social good to greedy capitalists. He hums into the kiss with contentment, feeling the tension in his body slowly start to melt away. Even though they’re not alone right now, he wants this moment to last forever.
Steve makes a show of looking at his watch and says, “Hmm. Sorry, doesn’t look like we have time for that.” He shrugs and shoots a cheeky smile Tony’s way. “You better start getting dressed too otherwise we’ll be late for our dinner reservations.”
“What does it look like I’m doing? I’m shaving.”
Back before Steve and Tony got together, Rhodey had unfortunately been on the receiving end of Tony’s constant whining about Steve being annoyingly perfect and too good to ever see Tony as anything more than a teammate. At the time, Tony had worried that maybe he was subconsciously turning Rhodey against Steve with his baseless complaints, but he had also been too emotionally stunted to stop actually ranting at Rhodey. During those days, his friend would throw out comments about beating some sense into Steve, but Tony sees now that they had always been empty threats—ultimately good-natured and nothing more than a joke. If anything, those were just hints for Tony to man up and finally do something about his stupid crush. Rhodey had always been a fan of Captain America, after all.
“Awesome, we’ll see you later, then.” Tony gives his boyfriend a chaste kiss goodbye while Bucky fistbumps Rhodey, then they turn to leave for their exhibition space at the Venetian Expo.
Steve sighs and slumps into a chair. “Alright.”
A smile spreads across Rhodey’s face. “A drinking song?”
“Sure, but we all know the hardest part for you will be getting the cookies in the oven without setting the place on fire,” Tony teases.
“We’re going to sit down and have this nice dinner. You cooked -- which is very lovely of you, by the way, thank you -- so Rhodey and I will do the dishes while you get your stuff for the couch. Then I’m giving you the silent treatment for the whole week, because this is the worst betrayal I have ever experienced, and I refuse to talk to my dumbass husband when he’s dressed as a Harvard Hottie. Alright?”
Ten minutes later, they’re both staring in shock at the mirror, where Tony’s clean-shaven face is reflected back at them. He looks ten years younger, and he also kind of wants to cry.
Rhodey throws a macadamia nut at Tony’s head. He tries to catch it in his mouth and fails.
Tony scoffs. “Trust me, Rogers. I kept track of where you were, what you were up to. You were doing just fine without me.” He kicks at the gravel a bit. “I get it. I wasn’t the best teammate. All I do is fuck things up.”
“That’s what I’m saying! So is this something I need to worry about? I’m thinking of getting Rhodey down in the shop with me to work on building a kitchen bot if his whole cooking schtick isn’t just a phase.”
Well. Fuck.
Tony picks up his own phone that’s fallen to the floor at some point during his and Steve’s makeout session. He quickly taps out a few messages, to which Rhodey answers almost immediately.
“Save your breath, Stark,” she replies. “I’m getting you out of here.”
“What about when the two of you randomly went out for happy hour? Does Bucky have a certain cocktail from a specific bar that he likes to drink?”
“Funny you should say that.” He nuzzles under Tony’s ear and places a tender kiss there. “You’ll find out soon enough. But that kitchen bot is a great idea anyway.”
to. You decided to do that yourself.”
He doesn’t expect to be rescued, so he shouldn’t be surprised that that’s exactly what happens.
“Sure?”
“Of course that’s okay,” Steve replies. He looks over his shoulder and gives the colonel a quick wave. “Hey Jim. Hope the flight wasn’t too rough.”
“So not only is Tony not going to talk to me, but he probably will make me sleep on the couch all week too.” Steve glares at the flannel pants. “He won’t let me into bed if I’m going to wear
“No, that’s not what I meant.” Steve chuckles. “I was thinking maybe I’d start dressing more like you.”
, Steve. They may be saying this now, but how long before we become that cringe-worthy couple that’s always got to be matchy-matchy, huh? How long before we stop being cute and start being a
Aside from the slow fire sizzling behind him, the kitchen falls into a dead silence. No one moves for a solid minute, and Steve can feel the disgust at his clothes pouring out in waves from the two men in front of him.
“Hey babe,” Tony greets as he walks through the door. “Smells amazing in here. Hope you don’t mind that I invited Rhodeybear over for dinner? He’s had a long flight, so I figure you wouldn’t mind if we kept him company.”
Every time he’s in the same room as Rhodey, the colonel hisses at him and makes snarky remarks, making fun of Steve’s outfit. Steve gives back as good as he gets, which he knows Rhodey appreciates. But with each half-conversation, Steve looks forward to the end of the week when he can talk civilly with his friend again.
At that, Rhodey pauses what he’s doing. “Huh. Really?”
“Hi, baby.”
Steve dodges all the questions and changes the subject every time it comes up. It’s exhausting, but he gets through the night, then the rest of the week.
The dichotomy of the kitchen is somewhat hilarious, with Steve’s area relatively neat because he has a habit of washing mixing bowls and wiping down the counters as he works, while Rhodey’s side looks like something exploded. There are spills of various liquids all around him, paper towels scattered about, and chunks of meat and onions next to the cutting board that didn’t make it into the dish. There’s also a new stain on the backsplash that definitely wasn’t there that morning.
“Cooking elaborate meals with too many ingredients stresses him out. He hasn’t done much more than pastas, salads, and sandwiches since the Roast Chicken Incident of ‘89.” Tony rolls up his sleeves, addressing Rhodey as he makes his way over. “Relax a bit, won’t you? It’s not the end of the world if your potatoes are lumpy.”
Tony turns around and flings his arms around Steve’s neck. “Oh thank god. That was brutal. Do you know how hard it was to not talk to you all week?”
He steers clear from his workshop because he just can’t handle looking at his suits again just yet. He feels a little terrible when FRIDAY tells him that DUM-E and U are looking for him, but so he tells her to send them up and join him where he’s retreated into the library. Tony spends his days curled up on the sofa, staring blankly at the unlit fireplace, and doesn’t leave until Rhodey comes in to drag him out for lunch and dinner.
Lunch tomorrow?
“Anything we can do to help?”
“Uh, yeah, sure. Just one thing.” Steve takes a deep breath before he turns around, gesturing down at his outfit. “Can you let me explain before you throw me out the door?”
Then Steve starts shaving. He’s methodical, every stroke of the blade clean and meticulous. It’s mesmerizing to watch. Tony could stay there forever.
Fuck off with that nonsense. You know you’re never getting rid of me.
“Shut it, Stark. Just for that, I’m gonna make sure these come out perfect and you’re not gonna get any,” Rhodey huffs.
But Steve decides that it’s time for it all to go. He told Tony that only grew out his hair and beard because he was on the run before (and, he quietly admitted, he was moping around too much back then to care too much about grooming). Now that he’s no longer a fugitive and finally reunited with Tony, Steve believes that it’s only right that he makes an effort to shave the beard off, cut his hair and in general stop looking like such a sad mess.
“Yeah. Staycation.”
“What.”
He loves Steve. He’s lucky to have him as a partner not just on the field but also in life. He’s grateful that Steve has accepted and welcomed all aspects of who Tony is, embracing his circle of friends as his own, and keeping Rhodey company while he figures out this new stage of his life. But the petty side of Tony can’t help but feel like his boyfriend is hogging all of his BFF’s time.
Tony glances over Steve’s shoulder at his friend, who’s now muttering to himself angrily while mashing a bowl of potatoes with unnecessary force, as if they offended him personally.
“Navy. But go shave the rest of that thing off,
you’d be able to outdrink him?! He’s the fucking
, Steven, I know friends can’t be stolen.”
“Yeah. Okay.”
“He wanted me to teach him how to make Bucky’s ma’s meatloaf and a couple other of his favorite dishes,” Steve explains. “Apparently just giving him the recipes wasn’t good enough and he screwed it up when he tried making them himself, so he asked for a cooking lesson.”
“Absolutely. Why don’t you send him a message now, let him know that you can help too? I’m sure he’d appreciate it.”
“Hey! I was not jealous and I didn’t say anything about you stealing Rhodey!” Tony denies indignantly. “I’m not a
Steve gets up from his spot on the couch and Tony figures Steve has just asked himself the exact same question and is going to leave to find his actual friends. Instead, Steve asks, “Want to take a walk with me?”
. Tony probably would have found the whole situation amusing if he hadn’t been so baffled by the sight of
“Hm. That’s too bad.” Bruce folds the clothes back up neatly and hands them to Steve. “Oh, by the way.”
But first, he needs to get back to spending the rest of the day making out with the handsome man he’s lucky enough to call the love of his life.
“Steve, no.”
. As long as Steve’s happy with the decision, then Tony’s happy with it as well.
The ones left in the room was him, and another surgeon who decided to stay and help Whitehall. The surgeon resumed his work on cleaning all of the surgical instruments and removed the retractors on the captain’s surgical site to ensure hygiene practices for the next procedure.
“Hauer, you can stop.” The Hauer guy ended his throw of punches and stepped aside for the German-accented voice echoing across the room to come forward. Somehow, he recognized this voice. Despite that, why would he hear a voice that brought him memories of the 1940s? “Captain Rogers, it’s a pleasure to meet you again, although I’m not sure if you remember me.”
It was a picture of him and Steve holding hands while strolling around Central Park. This was definitely Steve's old home, or a secret hideout. He really did love me, he thought. He recalled that particular memory, letting out a small chuckle.
"I miss you too, Steve," he mumbled to himself.
“Yup.” He says enthusiastically. How is Tony the most mistreated person he ever met that has to be so kind and forgiving, considering Steve had made a lot of mistakes towards him? Tony Stark really does have a heart since the beginning of his journey.
“Don’t worry, Bruce.” He replied. “Clip all the branches.”
“And what I thought you love the most about me was me being a genius,” he joked and the rest of them chuckled. “Pep, you guys don’t have to. I will always care for all of you. You’re my besties.”
Tony frowned, giving the director to request his driver to start moving. He wound up his window slowly and continued the chat.
They were running in circles.
Then, a pair of arms wrapped around his front. It was Clint. He hugged him tightly with his head hung low. “For the love of God, please don’t cry in front of me, Stark.”
Thor beamed widely and squeezed each and every one of his friends, except for Bucky. Tony gave him a brief explanation about the Winter Soldier and how he got here. The Asgardian understood their situation and nodded.
Tony nodded and they were back to work. However, he doubted Peter's words. The lingering question caught his attention. Was it his fault?
He noticed the remorse look on the Winter Soldier’s face. For the man, it must’ve been tough to come to terms with his own trauma alongside the shame for what he had become in the past decades. He vowed to eliminate every brainwashed spoor in Bucky’s mind straight after they have completed this mission. The government and some agencies might be on his tail if they ever found out Tony was keeping the former ex-assassin in his tower, let alone his brain was messed up a couple of times. But mostly, he knew Bucky is an esteemed man ever since the sudden encounter at the tower (and some old textbooks), and the team are going to help prove his innocence, according to the law, of course.
Tony reached out his arms and hugged Nat.
"Yes, Pepper?" He took a glance at her assistant who was entering his bedroom with a notepad in her grasp.
Tony sat beside Steve who was lying on a hospital bed. Eyes closed. Disheveled hair. His body had cuts. Sharon was right about Steve; he did try to hurt himself because he couldn't forgive himself for hurting Tony.
Two months after the Battle of New York, he moved in to the Avengers Tower along with his other teammates. Looking at it now, he slowly started to appreciate the tower’s architecture, designed by Tony himself. The complexity, the structure and the layout of the tower blew his mind away. He often regretted shaming the tower whenever he was enjoying the view from his floor or the rooftop, feeling like an ungrateful person towards Tony who gave the Avengers a home.
“Don’t ever do that again, or I’ll ask Nat to kill you,” he shuddered while recalibrating his suit of armour and scanned for heat signatures in the HYDRA base.
“Stand down, Barnes,” Tony ordered. Even though he wanted to shake this man off for endangering Steve, he’s impressed with the man’s skills to sneak into the tower, unnoticed by JARVIS and the security cameras.
Steve’s mouth was no longer spitting out words but painful screams. He was electrocuted again and this time, more joules were channelled into his body. If this trend continues, he might not survive before what Whitehall had in plans for him. He hoped Tony was already on his way to save him.
Tony held Steve’s hand close to his heart as fear appeared on his husband’s face. “Hun, Bruce and I… we’re going to sew you up. So, we have to give you sedatives and,” he highlighted the ‘and’ loudly. “Anaesthesia.”
They part their lips to catch a breath and stare into each other’s eyes to find a real meaning. Both of them have been waiting for this moment since who knows when. Steve’s eyes are sparkling with tears, trying to process everything within a single gulp. Tony really did love him, even when they fought. He won’t be alone anymore – he finally has Tony as his eternal lover.
“You’re welcome.” She can see a faint smile forming on Tony’s lips. “Do you want Happy to send you back to the tower?”
“Tony, are you okay?”
Beneath the note was a golden ring, engraved with both of their names' initials and a special phrase to describe their relationship. Tony smiled broadly at the ring and wore it in his left ring finger.
“You killed an innocent woman! You coerced her for your own personal needs. You-”
Waking up in the afterlife is what he expected before he died. What he didn’t expect is the sight of Tony, looking dashing as always, sitting at the edge of his bed.
Barnes put on a sad look as he gazed at Nat. From the looks of it, the both of them were trading worried glances and psychic messages from their facial expressions.
Barnes sighed. “After Steve took out my mask during our first fist-fight, I was taken back to the Ideal Federal Savings Bank to alter my mind. I overheard Pierce talking with a scientist about a plan to capture Steve. The scientist looked quite similar to a HYDRA leader we once encountered before Red Skull died.”
“You had a partner before? And you didn’t tell me?”
He asked Sharon about Steve's location and she immediately gave it away to Tony, giving sympathy to the man - Steve and the rest of the rogue Avengers were in London. Tony thanked her for the information and rushed out of the apartment.
After a few minutes, the flip phone went silent and tears lingered in Tony's eyes as he stared at the ceiling.
No. Now was not the time to be haunted by all of the ‘what-ifs’. What matters is to bring Steve back into his arms. To bring him home.
Denial and anger rushed into his mind, causing him to throw an empty mug at the holographic screen, signaling his A.I. to turn off the live broadcast. The shattered pieces were scattered around the lab.
Tony strokes his hair. Steve sighs into his neck, oddly sleepy, and presses a fleeting kiss there. Tony lays his cheek on Steve’s temple, pressing his lips to skin, in a soft, shy retribution.
Tony walks in with his head up high because they are going out there and saving people, and that is all that matters. He’s going to push down his worries and his hurt and he’ll do his job, he’ll save this world, no matter the cost, because this is not about
And now?” Tony asks.
Natasha stared at him for a second, before cryptically suggesting:
As soon as the connection between Vision’s “shiny yellow forehead gem” and the other Infinity Stones is established, Lang is actually quite quick on the get-up. He balks at the sight of their info board, which, yeah, appropriate reaction; But his eyes don’t betray any fear of regret of his decision of coming out to help – if anything, Lang is curious, detail-oriented, and his eyes skim through the links between one information to another with surprising speed, cataloging the evidence in his own mind in a way that will help him navigate through it, even if differently than they will.
He tells himself that he’s just being honest. He has to be honest with Bucky. But he
Of course, this fic is being written not only by a person who was technically opposed to his stance in CW, so I don't pretend to be unbiased, but I'm a person who is not looking for someone to pin the blame on, but a common ground where both Steve and Tony could (in the future) compromise. So if you're expecting me to simply point at someone and scream "It's your fault!", you'll be very disappointed. I'm not here for the plain "he's wrong", "he's right" debate. I have moved past that. I'm much more of a "why and how?" kind of person.
“What are those things?” Lang points, to the bottom left corner where Thanos’s hand is being held down by Quill’s weird little machine. “That thing holding him down?”
“Dying.” Steve says, and the words hurt his throat, like sandpaper. “Or something like that.”
but it was
for something that isn’t your fault in the first place.” Sam interrupts, impatiently.
There is no kindness in death. There is also no kindness on life either.
“We have to turn around.” Rogers hastily alerts. “Or land. We can’t go through it.”
“You should know how that feels.”
inescapable temptation of the skies and the adrenaline. It took work, it took so many fights and so much heartache, but he had almost done it. He had almost made himself normal again, almost made it back to the man he was before Extremis, before the wormhole, before he couldn’t
And Steve
“How else would I explain why they are not here?” Ross asks him with distaste, as if Tony’s being purposefully annoying.
“Pep—”
And it seems like she won’t say another word on the matter. Which is okay. She doesn’t have to.
(Besides being
“Tony.” She calls. “Listen to me.”
They don’t want to, the man says. He hugs his mother tighter against his chest.
“The keepers of fate. Of past, present, and future.”
Because he did all of those things – he did make a bunch of promises to her only to break them.
(You don’t know.)
“It doesn’t sound any less disturbing the more you say it, Sir.” JARVIS interjects sweetly.
“Yeah. Artificial Intelligence.” Tony explains quietly, only realizing after that he might have needed to do that, considering how
“I’ll let them know.” Agent Ross nods firmly, his eyes bright with determination, and he gives a quick glance to all in the group as a quick goodbye, before muttering a very soft
“What is it?” Tony gets up, suddenly despairing, but hesitating to go forward. He sees Nebula pull out a baton, but Rocket and Pepper stop her, extending their arms in front of her to keep her still.
She wasn’t even there.”
at him, and Tony’s bottom lip shines when he licks it to catch the drop escaping from his mouth and Steve—
way. Even when Tony was fully sure he’d been responsible for his twisted nature,
Vision looks at the hand for a second, almost as if he’s a little startled by the gesture, before he raises his head determinedly and closes his hand around Steve’s in a firm handshake, leaving absolutely no doubts on
Natasha considers him for a moment, silently, and then she places the knife on the table and reclines back, allowing herself to be unguarded in his presence. It feels good to see it. It feels better. It feels…
Tony lets her do it, silent. He raises his arms diligently when Nebula leans closer to his sides and unravels the pieces of cloth around his flank, breathing deeply and trying his best not to twist too far and screw up any more of his stitches. He tries not to wince when the bandages get stuck to a stray, crooked stitch, and Nebula kindly pretends she cannot hear him as he fails to do so. Eventually, U returns, med kit in hand –
(After everything?)
(Where were you?)
Steve unexpectedly
Like Thanos. It’s not right.
“Yeah, I guess it would be.” Tony concedes, dismayed.
“He wasn’t trying to bring us in.” Steve answers.
“We have to start production back up.” Pepper suggests, after they all make a pointed pause. “Reorganize whoever’s left and… find a way to get things running again. Water, power, medical—"
He hesitates when he goes to move, because stepping forward means stepping closer to Thor, and as soon as he does, Thor brings up his hand and
It’s the middle of the night and Wanda has already left for bed hours ago, and Steve knows she’s fast asleep. This will probably be the only chance he has to find Clint alone for a very long time, and he has to take it. He can't ignore this any further.
so it couldn’t be
like, and he – God, he didn’t
(See the end of the chapter for
Natasha makes a quiet, uneasy pause. “And you didn’t just take it out, did you?”
, a HYDRA agent, and they followed him all the way to Nigeria without the permission of
“We’ll rest here for tonight too.” Rogers interrupts calmly, his voice oddly placating. “We also haven’t slept in days. We’ll all rest, and tomorrow, we all leave together. I’m not going to divide us again. From now on, we stay together.”
“Talk to him.” Jarvis explains. “He learns, you see. If I’m estimating correctly, Tony might be able to learn almost any subject you introduce him to, if you give him the data he needs.”
on his throat, and he chokes on nothing.
Sam looks at her, confused, but he doesn’t ask. He turns to Steve, curious.
Despite the incredibly rude phrasing given by the broadcast, not even mentioning her name, Steve has no doubt in his mind that the woman Tony is engaged to is Pepper Potts. Not only because everyone in the world knows who the CEO of Stark Industries is, but— who else would it be? Who else would Tony love enough to marry other than Pepper, the woman he adored, the one who has supported him for years, even before he was Iron Man? Steve hasn’t seen Pepper in a very long time – and when he thinks about it,
Tony doesn’t know how close Wong and Strange were. He doesn’t know if they were just co-workers, or if they were friends. How long they’ve known each other, how much they trusted each other. He has no idea. The Sanctum seems empty, and that is warning enough that Strange might’ve been the only person who kept Wong company in this place, both of them
“Would you look at that.” He comments, sounding lost in thought. “Gotta admit I wasn’t expecting it.”
, the faint but so tempting possibilities of building a force large and powerful enough to actually pull this off, to manage to complete both missions without having to give any of them up.
“Wait, I’m confused. The armor?” Bruce asks.
And just as cryptically as every other interaction they’ve had so far, Rogers gives him a small, almost shy nod, before he turns to the others and tells them to get some rest as well; And so, with the books shared between them, they start to leave, saying goodbye and goodnight in hushed tones and heavy steps, leaving through the door quietly, like ghosts. Rhodey lingers, of course, because he’s the best, and he lays a hand on Tony’s shoulder and shakes him a little, asks if he’s okay, and maybe it’s the bags underneath his own eyes or the slouch of his shoulders that make him accept so easily the weak smile Tony gives him in return, the obvious lie of
Deep in his heart, Steve feels a little knot of uneasiness unclench, relieved for Wakanda even though he has no reason to, glad that a man as just as T’Challa was the one responsible for its safety.
Wanda stares at him with wide, expectant eyes, and something inside of him shudders, overwhelmed with the intensity of her gaze, with the strength of her determination. In a brief, quiet second, Steve has the distinct feeling that he is witnessing the turning point on Wanda’s life, right here, in this hallway, in a forgotten hotel in the beginning of the evening – a moment that could’ve been like any other, but now, it’s not anymore.
. They’re like these… big, sentient trees, that only speak the same sentence over and over again, and you kinda have to guess what they’re tryin’ to say at first, it’s a pain in the ass. But he was my friend. My
he could act when those ways and customs showed themselves to be foreign or contradictory to him – but truth is,
One of them must’ve been the Soul Stone. The one he took right before following them to Titan.
The ramp starts to open with a loud gush of air, all the heavy locks disarming in perfect synchrony, and every inch it lowers, the tighter Tony’s body feels.
, so much of her hesitation and insistence of making Steve talk about it; But also her accusation of him being
But there IS a path we can take to bring him there that doesn't require that sacrifice. It's the path I believe should be taken, if we truly wished things to get better in the future - and stay better, for real, for half an arch cannot stand. As long as there's unresolved tension and unexplored issues, the Avengers can't become the team I wish they were, so we'll have to take another route to make sure no stone is left unturned in this story.
Tony suddenly realizes that this is yet another thing Bruce has missed. Bruce had gone away right after they had destroyed Ultron – Tony and Pepper had been on a break then.
He hadn’t noticed.
She wouldn’t have
, they’ll be able to bring these casualties to a minimum, but what will they do until then?
FRIDAY freezes the image right at the moment where they have Thanos trapped on Mantis’ hold, pulled apart in all directions by the entire team’s effort, all of them struggling and straining to the last of their strength to keep a thing with as power as Thanos held down for even the briefest of moments. From this angle, Tony can see his own hands clearly, Strange to the left, pulling Thanos’ free arm with his magic rope and Drax’s head near the bottom while he holds Thanos’ leg down. He can’t – He can’t see
“Not without reason. And not without a fight.” Nebula considers.
– Christ, that sounds
Maybe this is their common ground. Such a high cost to pay to finally reach it, a price that’s not worth it, a disaster so great that it drains away any elation he could have felt in this moment; A common ground achieved not by finally reaching a complete, unconditional agreement, but a defeat, a necessity of yielding in sake of survival, of finally,
, and even if it hurts, even if it feels like they are ripping themselves apart to let the truth come out, they
“There was an attack in Argentina today.” It’s what she says, curt and professional, as if she’s giving him a report. She stares at him right in the eye, wearing her cold expression like an armor, daring him to say something. Daring him to protest. Daring him to
of the final attack of Thanos began to occur.”
“Are you done?” Tony snaps, angrily.
But now he’s aware of it, he can’t shut it down anymore.
“The books.” Natasha reminds them quickly, with efficient, laser focus – if Tony didn’t know any better, he would almost say it’s all a desperate attempt to change the subject. “Did anyone find anything in them?”
How is that—!”
(You would’ve signed.)
(He can only imagine how
Steve frowns, taken aback by heavy, insistent suggestion he can hear in Clint’s voice, but he doesn’t know what to do about it. He’s not quite sure what Clint is trying to say. He doesn’t want to ask, not really, but he
Tony remembers why the mess that pushed them apart when Thanos arrived even existed in the first place.
The sound of footsteps approaching is what snaps him back to attention, making him leave the bench in a jerk, rising to his feet immediately. But he doesn’t move. His feet won’t let him. His muscles are suddenly turned into stone, locked up tight in a strange mix of
For not realizing.
, and he realizes
He’s not very good at it, appearing vulnerable. But that is not really a surprise, is it?
“Anything useful?” Natasha asks, quietly.
, because her hands relax their grip into a mere comfort hold, even before Tony says:
And of course, of
She’s been thinking about this.
, but also not.
, tell me what you mean, easy and simple this time. Hey!” He screams again, panicky, when Thor goes to argue again, just for the sake of childishly disagreeing. “
He knows.
“His reasons don’t matter.” Tony tells them, confidently. “The guy’s got screws loose, we’re going to waste
, and he closes the door behind him although he still feels like he’s being watched despite them both being alone. None of the others have followed him. No one had said a word. Tony is here exposing himself to Pepper, because he has to, because he’ll hurt her and he’ll let her hurt him back, he’ll accept the trading of blows without complaint because he knows he deserves it, and he will not try to stop it.
to him, or know what he’s thinking, not now, and not then. I have a sense of what he does sometimes, but that’s it.”
(If he were counting, he would’ve counted Vision.)
“Can someone please explain—!” Sam tries again, but Natasha isn’t done.
started shooting at us, not the other way around!”
But that line of thought lasts only for a moment. Looking closer, he sees that the corridor is not empty – there is a small area up there decorated with sofas and tables, like a small lounge, where he imagines people can sit and watch the sunset from inside the palace if they wish to. Right now, Sam is sitting in one of those chairs. He’s admiring the garden – probably because he can’t help it, because of how beautiful it is –, but every once in a while, his eyes flicker in Steve’s direction, and then wander around as if they’re trying to find something.
“Not if we make this work.” Thor argues.
She doesn’t leave his embrace. She pushes her head into his shoulder so hard it’s almost painful, refusing to cease the contact, and they fall back into the mattress with no grace or comfort whatsoever, crashing down like a shipwreck that has no choice but to give in to the force of the ocean around it and to be consumed by its pull. And they just… lay there.
, she asked.
He really hopes this doesn’t turn into a problem.
“Nothing big, don’t worry.”
(Maybe he already has.)
Tony doesn’t give him any berth.
He has to stay focused—
“I don’t trust anyone who says
For all his boastful posturing, Steve can tell Tony is a little embarrassed to talk him, probably because of the awful luck they seem to be having every time they meet. The punch and the Club A incident are only the beginning; There was that one time they were both working at the Asgardian Forge and Tony dropped a hammer on Steve’s foot, and that other time in the Avengers Dorm when Steve accidentally broke the punching bag and hit Tony on the floor below, distracted while tinkering with his tech. Steve still feels awful about that, because Tony bruises a lot easier, and for a lot longer than Steve does, and a poke to the gut with a pool bat is very different from a
“I’m calling is to inform you that Agent Barton has made it safely inside the United States territory.” He informs, as professionally and efficiently as he can. “He hasn’t surrendered yet, but he will in a few hours, and it might be broadcasted on the news soon enough. If you’d like to monitor it, I’d recommend staying alert.”
, it’s what
“You don’t think so?” She asks in a whisper.
There are many things Howard can say to that. Many awful things.
“A guy named Thanos.” Tony says, darkly. “He had a gauntlet, something I had never seen before. It held these – These
him, because it was all becoming a little
He won’t beg for gentleness, not with his words.
They fight.
Maybe they need Scott Lang in their team.
time, now, as quickly as he can.
He can’t focus. He feels like uncapped wire, ready to be set aflame at the slightest touch, to ignite in energy and explosion at the smallest opportunity to do so.
No matter that Steve now knows that he was wrong. Because he was. Only hours after their fight, Tony sacrificed himself and carried a nuke on his back inside a wormhole to save the city; Fuck, he
But he can’t back down, can he?
“Tony—”
her to feel bad?” Steve asks, incredulous, incapable of accepting the idea that Clint would be so cruel to the girl he so fiercely defended.
it.” Tony prods, because he has to, because something in him keeps telling him to push the limits, to see if Barton will react aggressively again, if he – if he can trust this
“Uh, nothing.” Thor leans back, looking away, not convincing at all. “Well, you know, as our Captain’s trusted friend, I imagined you could help him with his troubles better than most.”
“It’s not.” Thor argues, undeterred, fully confident in his theory. “Seers are
, and
(The fourth one is T’Challa.)
“Steve, that’s— That’s
to scream at Tony, but can’t. Maybe his throat his closed tight, so tight he almost can’t breathe. Maybe his tongue is swollen and too big and the words don’t have room to fit in his mouth, too heavy, too horrible, too
“Your number.” He smiles. “I’m not giving you the chance to second guess this, Tony. I know you. I’m calling you, and we’ll go out sometime. Does that sound ok?”
So Steve does.
(Do you want to?)
“Do you want to talk?” He asks, as kindly as he can. “About what happened? Out there?”
“Vision.” He calls out, trying to sound calm, as not to scare them with his presence. Both Wanda and Vision turn their heads quickly when he speaks, concerned, and Steve makes sure his expression is as blank as it can be when he continues. “I would like to speak with you for a moment. Alone, if that’s alright with you, Wanda.”
“Yeah.” Pepper exhales softly, her voice a little hoarse. “A little. I did.”
, because it’s been
Tony recognizes it when his eyes go so wide he almost looks like a startled doe.
Their God has forsaken them. Their rulers have gone silent. No one is watching in the dark.
Too many broken promises. In his last seconds, he mourns them too.
, and Steve learned that when he failed –
gauntlet.
He suspects neither did she.
of him to run from it, when all his life he prided himself in never backing down in face of conflict. It’s just… It’s just that it’s
Perhaps he would have, if Tony hadn’t figured it out. He probably would have. But Tony knew his AI, knew his
Next chapter, we'll start to go deeper and deeper into MCU's inconsistencies and start picking them apart. The true beginning of the plot. As much as I love writing about characters' inner workings and relationships, this train has to leave the station eventually, right? There is so much plot to this fic, you don't even know. I'm very excited to show you what I have planned.
That deduction alone was good enough to continue the operation, by starting with the extraction of one of the captain’s kidneys. He didn’t care if his conclusion proved him wrong during the procedure, he just wanted to get his hands on every serum-enhanced biological structure of the soldier in the name of discovery. Even if the soldier died during the surgery, it doesn’t matter since it would be more convenient to take out his organs. Whitehall only kept him alive because he preferred fresh and functional organs although both results would still grant his wishes. He was one step closer to be the most powerful human being in the world. All that’s left was to harvest, experiment and triumph.
“I can love you too, you know. I have always love you since New York, just cowardly enough to not ask you on a date.” Tony confesses.
“Stark, listen to me.”
No, no. He straight away remembered Whitehall and his crazy plans involving him. Steve remembered being sedated a few times since he got here; he lost count. His mind became fuzzy at the moment – probably the reason he dreamt a beautiful dream.
Tony's mind suddenly wandered around his most traumatic, unforgettable moment of his life. His soulmate rammed the shield to his arc reactor, his only source of life. Why would he do that? Did the soldier actually loved him? Was the billionaire being good enough?
“Since you spewed out all of your words, Nat, now I’m terribly missing Sharon and S.H.I.E.L.D.” Clint dropped all of the snacks on the couch and slumped himself next to the food, clearly indicating he needs a short rest.
“Says the guy who made me waiting for his arrival in forever.” A light giggle comes out from the both of them.
The both of them were about to enjoy their ice cream by the fountain park when Clint and Natasha interrupted their date. Clint was running towards them, specifically Tony, asking him for some money. At that time, Tony was still holding hands with Steve. Nat, who suddenly appeared behind the nearest bush, said that she managed to take a photo of them. The couple blushed and the two best friends walked away hurriedly, heading towards the hot dog vendor.
"And by the way, there will be no appropriate funeral for him. His body deserved to be left there, nibbled into pieces by dirty street rats,"
He strode out, already wearing his Iron Man suit and he looked at the others as they leave the jet: God of Blonde with his hammer, Hawkass with his quiver and arrows while Redhead and Super-serious Man with their guns and knives. If they were judged – competition-style, he would win this. But if Steve was here, he’d win for wearing a flashy, tight costume with some bonus marks for not masking his ass. A sad smile formed on his face, worried for his husband’s current condition.
He reached out to the microphone in front of him that connects to the operating room and brought it closer to his mouth. The HYDRA scientist announced that he would begin the surgery in thirty minutes and requested the other surgeons to keep the super-soldier sedated for half an hour. They nodded and immediately inject another dose of sedative, enough to put him under for a short period.
Midnight was approaching and Tony and the team were still searching for any clues or hints to find Steve’s location. Bruce and Clint read all related records about HYDRA and their possible hideouts; none of them matched their desired profile. He and Nat almost found their luck with the satellites – they detected a cloaked plane flying across the Caribbean Sea, seemingly heading towards Havana, but the plane wasn’t HYDRA’s; it was piloted by ‘a secret S.H.I.E.L.D. team’ as explained by Nat, despite she recognized the plane’s name and design.
shared bedroom, but he forgot to bring along his Iron Man suit.
But why he didn’t remember feeling trapped in a cold, dark place with his limbs and torso bound by metal straps?
He read the short, simple message and smiled to himself.
“We go in through the garbage shaft to avoid being detected ‘cause no one would inspect there,” Bucky started clarifying, just as the team gathered around to listen. “From there onwards, I think I know where Steve is. As for the three of you.”
“Oh… you know… the one where… Ma and the heavens are there… waiting for us.”
“Wait, aren’t we supposed to talk to him first before shooting?” He held off the gun’s aiming.
“Give him more sedatives!” He shouted at them as the super-soldier started groaning in pain, realizing no anaesthetic drugs were injected into him.
“Don’t push it, Tin Can.” Bruce and Thor were the last to buckle up at their respective seats. Nat notified the whole team about their current mission using the jet’s comms.
A genuine smile came out from Bucky’s lips. This would be the soldier’s first step in finding redemption.
Sharon giggled at his sarcastic words and continued the conversation.
The doctor stood up and wore a blue scrub given by the man who jolted him. He flashed a sinister smile and ordered the people in scrubs to prepare for the operation. What operation?
Upon hearing those five words, it hit him and he scanned Steve’s body. Please, let it be in him, he thought.
Steve shook all those assumptions away, jogging away to his floor and tucked himself to sleep, alone and with despair. He might had thought of not cuddling his drawings of Tony for the night.
Every Thursday noon would be the death of him, and he had to attend it just for the sake of Stark Industries. Each meeting would end up being predictable: talking and studying about renewable energy and what technology could be suitable for handling it. The lame discussion forced him to drew himself out of the meeting and scrolled through his StarkPad.
He ran towards the lab and found out that there was no accident or menace coming to threaten him. Instead, it was a ringtone coming from a flip phone. The flip phone. Tony snatched the phone quickly and picked it up.
Words and sentences rambling out of his mouth put Steve’s mind in confusion. He couldn’t understand about the concept of time travel anyway since Scott came up with that idea a few days back.
“I’ve got a plan to sneak in the building,” the Winter Soldier spoke suddenly of his plan beside him, causing Tony to flinch in shock.
“Steve,” he said the name like a plea. “Hang in there. Bruce is on his way to stitch you up. Stay strong for me. Please?” Tears lingered in his eyes. “I can’t lose you after a year of our marriage.”
"I'm sorry, the number you're dialing is unavailable,"
Three days since Thanos and his army was dusted. Three days since-
"Mr. Stark, I think you should watch the news," he gulped.
Captain America was married to Iron Man. He remembered watching the vivid red and blue headlines of their dreamy wedding a year ago. Pondering upon their marriage reminded him of his late wife, who passed away a year before he was released from prison. He mourned her, but that doesn’t stop him from discovering wonders of the Inhumans and the ancient Obelisk.
“I love you?” Steve asked sheepishly.
Pepper noticed the sad looks on Tony's face and she understood it all too well. He needs a lot of time to get over Steve, she thought. She decided to walk away and let Tony to have some room and space to prepare himself.
They were standing in front of the grave, under the gloomy, rainy sky with their umbrellas and black suits, paying respect to their fallen soldier, their teammate and their friend.
“Wake up, sleepy head.”
“No!” All of them declared they would not let Barnes on the mission. It was too risky for a brainwashed survivor to follow around like a stray kitten.
The atmosphere around them changed its mood from blue skies to rain. They missed Nat as much as they missed Tony. She became the integral part of the Avengers and their best friend.
They said their goodbyes to him, with Rhodey reminding him to take a short rest before resuming his lookout activity. Tony offered a position in the team to Sam before he leaves since Steve talked about him in their chats, but he smiled.
(The number of times someone makes him question himself?)
“Did you buy him tickets to the games of his favorite team, in another state?” Clint asks, with raised eyebrows.
(If he wants to.)
“Yeah, that one.” Tony clears his throat. “Sarah must have been really proud. How is she, by the way?”
(Did she lie to him?)
, he gasps, wet and panting, when he’s turned around and pressed into the softness of the furs beneath, rubbing against them in sensual, quivering contentment when his husband leans over him and pulls his hips up, towards his own—
Yes. Sort of?
the question?)
“I don’t know.” A ghost of a smirk dances around the corners of his mouth. “Maybe.”
“It’s good to see you, Stark.” Thor says, the amicable tone he always carries with him damp and dragged by a heavy rasp, like he has been swallowing rocks and shards of glass in his spare time.
And though I know we all come to fanfics for some escapism, if you can, please take a moment to support the
So hard it nearly killed him, more than once, so hard it made him lose almost everything. So hard it had gotten him nightmares that wouldn’t leave, so hard he became obsessed with being better, faster,
And pain… pain just pulls you back. Doubt pulls you back.
“You were tired.” Pepper replies, and her voice is just as rough with sleep, cracking at the edges; But she sounds like she’s been awake for a while, slurring way less than him. “It’s okay. I was tired too.”
Because we
“You have used the power of the Mind Stone before.” Thor whispers, intensely. “You know how to access it. If you can find a way to recreate it, like you did with the Tesseract, and like the Sorcerers in the Sanctum do with the artifacts they use – we could go to battle with items capable of diverting the powers of the Stones—”
“You can send ants?” Rhodey asks, disbelieving.
“Were we always so bad for each other?” Steve asks in a whisper, knowing that despite their slight distance, the roof is so silent she will be able to hear him perfectly clear.
A heavy,
? When they’re being offered help? Jesus, shit, Tony knows they’re scared, he’s scared too, dammit – but they can’t stay here,
the roaring, desperate cry of
“How did they get here?” Tony asks, his chest constricting, a small but telling thought forming at the back of his head; but he doesn’t want to let it grow, not yet, not before he gets an answer.
” Sam gasps, inarticulable. “Steve… Is that
be refusing help! May Parker had her apartment, and she was safe, as safe as she could be – these people can
(You knew all of that.)
And everyone had noticed.
But T’Challa answers it anyway.
“Tony.” Rhodey softly interrupts, throwing him a
“Roughly seven billion.” FRIDAY replies, quietly.
“Tony—”
It is a giant image of his shield, painted on the wall, the red, white and, blue faded over the years, dusty with dirt and sand, torn off by the cracks on the wall. Shattered. An ugly reminder of what he left behind.
“I’ll do it if you do.”
what to
fuck up like this again if we want to do
Steve does step closer to the bench without even thinking about it, but he doesn’t sit, looking around nervously every few seconds.
it happened.
, and he’s all she’ll ever need.
“You, complaining about not listening to reason?” Ross laughs. “I guess old dogs do learn tricks.”
Tony lets out a whimper that is so anguished he sounds like an animal, and it hurts his ears. He wants it to stop. He tries to scream, but the only thing that comes out is the same sound again. His throat is closing up.
Cap can handle spicy food though?”
Steve
She has a point. She does! Tony is not saying she doesn't.
It goes on for a while. It’s not the best arrangement, but it’s not like they can do anything else.
yeah, but it’s the
Besides the fight, besides the battle,
“That’s why we scare them!”
Two days.
But all it takes is one look in the direction they’re heading, and it’s not hard to guess.
But he is. He is replacing them. He’s removing himself from the conflict, guarding his own, burning bridges for the sake of
Steve thinks about Natasha, too
Sam jerks a little, almost as if Steve had startled him, like he had almost forgotten that this is why he was here in the first place.
To feel powerful and vulnerable at the same time. To have companionship. To be… seen.
Ross shouldn’t forget. He’s seen Tony fight like this before. He should be more careful.
, I’m coming to get you, you and Pepper, so you stay still and don’t
“That’s why you fought?” she whispers, completely distressed.
Tony’s breath hiccups for a second.
“He could be in one of those, then.” Rogers proposes. “If these Kree and Xandarians were looking for him before, they should be chasing him all over the Universe now.”
She can also see the way he hesitates even harder at the suggestion, his shoulders tense and mouth tightly closed, and although he can’t see himself, the moment the flash of a dark, dark tub and the phantom spasm his body gives, the memory of a bright, stinging shock, blooming from his chest into his limbs, the discharge of a car battery lodged in a place it shouldn’t be.
Tony is still very much dedicated to his work as Iron Man and to the armor. More than Pepper would like. More than it’s healthy, probably. He didn’t… He didn’t really need the nanite compartment, biologically speaking. But he did it anyway. Because Tony needed to be
“Where we would go, when we would go.” Tony explains, as plainly as he can. “Rogers fears they would have stopped us from getting to an emergency because of faulty judgment, thinking the local law enforcement could handle the danger when they couldn’t.”
Not before this mission.
Natasha would follow him into hell if he asked her to. He knows this.
“Because I did not know it was important.” Thor confesses. “Until
” Natasha begs in a strangled voice, body swaying uncertainly, not sure if she should step closer or step
going on in this video.)
Is— Is T’Challa
. Just a little bit, but Tony knows because he can see his ears, and they turn an adorable shade of pink.
technically, the truth. He’s not even sure why he’s asking, anyway – they need her help, and even if she was really unwilling to provide it, they would have to try their best to convince her, because even if they could, with time, figure out a way to work around all the resources Wakanda offers,
Bruce makes a pause. Blinks. “When you put it like that, it really doesn’t sound like it’s a good idea to sign.”
T’Challa considers him with a look that takes almost a second too long to be casual.
Not that he wouldn’t have done it even without Nick’s permission. Or lack of prohibition. Same thing.
“Isn’t that what he wanted?” Tony whispers to himself, madly. “Less people, more food? Why are people starving?”
, and Tony knows it hurts because
And even worse, Steve knows he was the one who caused it. “I promised her I would tell Tony, and then I didn’t. And then I hid it from her.” He admits, mournfully, “I don’t blame her if she doesn’t trust me anymore.”
“We have to hold them off until we find a way to get them out of here.”
“The gauntlet. Please.” Tony motions to the armor with his head, and when Pepper turns around, she exhales a soft
Did she
and now, what has become of them? They had fought about the Accords, and they are fighting about this.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony bites his lip a little, his teeth worrying into his chapped, dry bottom lip with a stinging force, the taste of the dirt and sand on his skin pungent on his tongue, a flavor that is, somehow,
Tony’s breath shutters.
He stopped believing it would ever come.
But what he really says is, in fact, the worst option he could have gone with.
Tony, irrationally, kind of takes offense to that, a little. “As a matter of fact, I did. Pepper can confirm it.”
From the way Nebula immediately reaches for him, the jolt he thinks he gives is not only on his mind, but shakes his entire body, like a sharp shock bursting inside him. He almost asks her to repeat it, because
The idea that Steve might have been
explain, because Rhodey doesn’t know. No one does, but him, FRIDAY, and Vision. Well, him and FRIDAY, now. Tony thinks he would have, because he almost did – but at the same time, the birth of Mark L and Tony’s own plans to deal with alien threats for the past three years, the secrecy of his new projects and all the all-nighters he pulled whenever he could, without alerting Pepper… It all speaks of him
He hated crying, hated it, hated what it did to his body, the feeling of trembling for no damn reason, hands unsteady and shaky, eyes burning, the hitching of sobs.
“Turn it on!”
of making sure he’ll ever be
“Yeah.” Steve murmurs, displeased. “I saw it in the news, after we came back.”
"What are you doing here?" Tony asks, so taken aback he doesn’t really think what he’s asking until it leaves his mouth.
“Is it part of you?” Nebula whispers, eyes locked on the blue hue of Tony’s nanite compartment, the bright light reflecting on her skin in a bright, almost neon shade. Ironically, the word that comes to Tony’s mind is
Bruce is looking at him like he wants to cry. Like he’s hurting, and Tony’s hurting, and they can’t help each other. They can’t. Bruce can’t help Tony, because Tony needed to be helped two years ago, hell, maybe even one year ago, and now it’s too late. Now the Accords don’t even matter anymore, he realizes with a ruefully, humorless laugh. It was all for nothing. And fuck Tony, right, fuck him and everything that he tried to do to keep people happy and safe, because nothing mattered when Thanos came, all the bullshit he took from Ross and the council and the Legal Team and the UN itself for the past two years, everything the took upon himself to fix because Rhodey was injured, Vision was mourning, and Rogers wasn’t
He doesn’t really feel like lying right now.
That’s a good question.
“We don’t know where it is.” Vision confesses.
sounding very much like he doesn’t realize other people can hear him – like he used to do before, and, it pains him to admit, he had almost forgotten what it sounded like.
the mind. Tony stares at them and realizes these people at his feet were the supposed
, because she squeezes her hands around him even tighter, unyielding.
. They serve a similar purpose, even if they perform different functions.”
, pushing and pulling and letting people fall to the floor and trampling over them without a care, the fear too encompassing and overwhelming for them to realize that they’re harming each other.
Tony still feels his stomach churn when he remembers it. But there had been emotion, there had been something alive inside him, and now, all Tony sees before him is a husk of a man, someone who, oh
(Going a bit too deep on that one, aren’t you?)
” Steve presses, his voice sour and his posture rigid, contained poorly in his attempt to keep quiet as to not disturb Wanda in the next room. “Clint. How long has she been thinking this is somehow her fault?”
– but Steve had dared, because he is a fool, and not once, nor
This is that innocent, insecure kind of feeling, the one that makes people’s heart ache for the very first time in their lives and leaves a mark that never fades. They are so different, so awkward, but they feel like they understand each other in their confusion, in their fears and insecurities, and being side by side makes them seem… softer. Vulnerable. Unafraid of being
Machines so real they seem
“Steve?” Natasha asks, placing her hand on top of his. “What’s wrong?”
“You take them to dinner, you get them some earrings or a tie, that’s fine—”
being burst open when the beast inside of it decides it will no longer be kept in shackles.
“Could be an alloy.” Rhodey shrugs, throwing the suggestion forward as if he’s just spitballing it. “If it’s used to melt the metal, it probably has to do with whatever they’re putting in it when molding, right?”
Now, as he is faced with the inescapable proof of the remains of his mistakes, not by a column of graphics on a piece of paper nor by untrustworthy words coming out of Ross’ mouth, but by graffities tarnishing his image on the walls and by the sad recollections of a friend who has lost someone dear, doubts – on himself, on his decisions, on his actions – are now familiar, so familiar that Steve fears he might never get rid of them ever again.
Steve is left feeling like he did something wrong.
, and they weren’t.
“Good to see you, brother.” Tony says, because he’s an
Tony’s silence is answer enough.
“Three months.” Rhodey tells them, eyes darting down. “That’s the initial projection. We have
“C’mon, take it easy. You keep it down—” Rhodey placates, raising his hands in a detaining gesture.
Maybe he has learned to live without it. Maybe not.
from letting it happen.
saving the city, and Steve watched him do it, so unsure about how to feel, but knowing he had been
“Tony, there’s… There’s
, to the man Steve knew ever since he was a child and no bigger than a goddamned twig. He wanted to give Bucky back the life that had been taken away from him. That’s all it was.
(Idiots, all of us.)
“So why did you?” Steve inquires confusedly. “Why did you trust us?”
for him. I think living in a place where he wasn’t feared made him…”
Scott’s gone. Soon, so will Clint. Wanda as well, even if for a different reason, might be joining them.
the fight had ultimately happened.
Now they are here.
(It all comes back, Cap.)
<search database= “prove” / analog= “test, confirmation, exercise” ref= “Maria Stark.pattern” / ACTION PATTERN IDENTIFIED>
“I wasn’t here. I didn’t see.” Tony says, and the words hurt like he’s being gutted. “So I need to go out there and see it for myself. To help people. And then, I’ll know how to fix it.”
Ross—” Rhodey argues, but Tony doesn’t want to go down that rabbit hole.
Steve frowns, unamused. “What do you mean?”
“I know.” Wanda quickly interrupts, determined. “I know. But if we can just meet, once in a while, somewhere hidden… I can move without being noticed and Vision can
(Such a shame, Captain.)
Steve gets weird in the following days. Sometimes Steve gets weird for all sorts of reasons, but this time, Tony is having a hard time believing it’s not his fault.
This seems to frustrate her to no end. Tony doesn’t understand why, but again – he knows Nebula’s relationship with Thanos is
“Wait, Mr. Stark, hold on! Please!” Lang says loudly, getting up from his seat in a jolt. “I want brains too. I mean – I wanna help with whatever you need to find this guy and reverse this, too. I’d be happy to help with the agents, sure—"
(You can’t ignore it.)
“Yes.” FRIDAY says. “If gathered footage is to be believed, and the vanishing of half the world population has occurred by
“My math is always right.”
“As much as possible.” Vision nods. “I have been assured Mr. Lang’s lawyer is trustworthy and the arguments for the reduction of his sentence are appealing. The Ant-Man suit is unfortunately unavailable for the foreseeable future, as it is property of Pym Technologies, but it’s now detained by the government, so even if Mr. Lang obtains a reduction of his sentence, it might be difficult for him to be able to act as the Ant-Man from now on. At least for some time.”
(It doesn’t stop him from crying)
Thor pauses, and then, with surprising insight, says, “About the Captain, I assume.”
He liked it. He misses it. “Wonder where we went wrong.”
“And they don’t close?” Bruce frowns.
“Aren’t you in Wakanda?” Tony can’t resist the urge to ask, not just to poke at him, but legitimately curious. Wakanda is at least nine hours away, even with the Quinjet.
And it killed him every single day, to be perfectly honest. But he won’t say that. And he won’t say how terrible it makes him feel, how weak and small, like the world is pushing him down again.
the limit – to meet the deadline of their final fate.
(Hm.)
are these
(Because you don’t know how to stop?)
, Gamora was the only one… I could
