“Her,” Glynn said quietly and looked down at her stomach caressing it gently. Something inside of Dean did a backflip, and he would lie, if he denied feeling at same parts hopeful and frightened.
“What, what… what?” Dean stammered as soon as he had found his sense of speaking again. “Why would it be your fault?”
It was a girl, most likely, he smelled her perfume before he looked up. When he met her eyes, he noticed a hint of wrinkles and corrected his thoughts to: It was a woman. She was actually very beautiful and seemed to be between thirty and thirty-five, but Dean knew in an instant, that he wasn’t into her.
“I’m Sam. I really hope the kid gets your sense of humor, rather than Deans.” Dean knew of course, that he didn’t mean it, they mocked each other every time they met.
“Hi, erm, I was wondering,” Dean started and tried to remember how he had always been so confident and flirty around girls before he had met Cas. The woman had turned and looked at him with big eyes, but not unfriendly. She must have noticed the cast.
"You look like shit," the beta shouted after him, and Dean just flipped him off. He hadn't managed to eat or sleep a lot during the last days, and the traces of this neglect of his body still showed.
"Dean," Castiel said unnecessarily because of course, the addressed had smelled him already. The fresh air outside thinned the scent at least a little bit out, and Dean decided to ignore the other in favour of getting to his car.
Dean rolled his eyes and took a deep breath. He noticed how Sam looked back and forth between them as if to await more fighting.
“What do you want with her?” Dean asked to buy time after he had watched how the demon came to a halt, only to realize, that there were more of them approaching behind him.
“Okay Dean, you should probably talk to Cas first and tell him everything you didn’t say in your previous conversation because you are you.” Dean snorted at that but was shut up fast by his brother. “Then we should probably talk to him about help for his wife because they can not keep living like that.”
He grabbed the back of the alphas head, dreading his fingers through that unruly, dark hair and deepened the kiss by bidding for entrance with his tongue. When he was granted, Dean pushed his body as close to Cas as possible and took so many deep breaths of the other's scent that he thought he might hyperventilate soon.
"How long have I been down?" the omega asked because he just couldn't get his head around the events. There had been an explosion and something falling down, but then it got dark.
That way the first time Jo met Sam, they were meeting at the third open house in a nice suburb of San Francisco, where Sam worked as a lawyer. They drove there in Deans beloved ‘67 Chevrolet Impala and walked up the driveway to where Sam was sitting on the front steps of the cute blue house.
"Yeah, I found the part with the heat and rut as well," Sam concluded after verbally shaking his head over Dean's behaviour a few times. "It's written here, that it happens to make sure both parties mate directly, or else they will suffer more and more each heat/rut since their bodies tell them to get together." Dean didn't know what to say.
The mechanic once thought about getting out and opening the door for Cas, but that would have attracted even more attention.
While he said this, Cas had moved his head out of the hug and his face was now very close to Deans. Concentrate Winchester; he needs you now. “Sam thinks so and he is the smart one,“ he answered while trying not to look at certain chapped lips.
“You know exactly what I want,” the angel hissed with his jaw clenched together. “You erased the memory of my spy, but I found the Nephilim anyways.”
Dean almost got dizzy at how fast he spun around to hug his mother. She smelled like wood and blood, but all the injuries he could find were two minor cuts in the cheek.
"This is the last station. Ya should be gettin' out here, boy," the driver said, and Dean suddenly noticed, that it was dark and they were alone in the bus.  And that he was shaking.
"I'll take Dean to the backyard while you shower," she said to Cas wrinkling her nose. "You stink." Dean wanted to tell her she was wrong but stopped himself from doing so. Cas smiled weakly at him and turned around. It seemed as if he was doing so to avoid giving in to his primal urges to get closer to the other and Dean found himself in a similar position.
“What the fuck,” the hunter tried to say, while Cas shoved her of them, but he didn’t have any control over his vocal cords.
The moment Dean wanted to reply with questions about where they would put the baby’s crib or how it should go to school one day when everybody would be chasing them, a dark silhouette scurried across the street about ten meters in front of them.
“Don’t play stupid, I can smell your scent,” the other replied and looked rather irritated than angry. He had his head crooked to the side as if trying to look inside of Deans soul and his calmness stood in contrast to their situation.
"How bad is it?" Dean asked and cut his brother off in the act, who had just opened his mouth to say something. Probably that he wanted him to quit or something sappy.
Dean had closed his eyes in the last second and had therefore seen how the other had shut his sky-blue orbits and had leaned forward himself. The hunter could have sworn before, that Cas would keep his eyes open but he liked to be proved wrong.
“I think your brother will leave without his arm, before he leaves the car,” the angel muttered, lowering himself into the backseat as the last person and Dean started the engine.
"Yeah, am fine," Dean managed to answer and tried to get up on shaky legs, but the bus driver stopped him.
“Hi, little girl,” Dean uttered under his breath and kissed the tiny half-human-half-angel on her head because nobody was watching. She smelled like dust and blood, but most prominently like baby and the hunter felt an overwhelming feeling of love and protect flood through him. I’m a dad now, he thought with a sense of wonder.
"Wait, Dean, of course, I want to mate with you," the alpha stopped his train of thoughts and Dean felt his stomach go crazy or something. "I just didn't think you did. At least not that soon."
Dean was at his brethren’s side at an instant, noticing that Cas looked over to them a completely exhausted smile ghosting his face.
It must have sounded a little bit like this: ‘Remember this one time we went through a similar town when we were kids and we were with dad and he screamed at me for- NO, no, one sheep, two sheep… Maybe I can pursue Sam to get a cheeseburger with me; you know who loves cheeseburger? Cas. If Cas was here right now, I mean for real, he would be all exited at the sight of having one and that would be kind of cu- Wait no, where was I, sheep yes. But what if this hunt is something big and I can’t manage to protect Sam, or I’m not alone in my body, what if Cas gets killed…’
“Are you reading my mind,” he said out loud, because, yes, he sometimes forgot and it made Sam look very irritated. Dean shot a grimace at his brother.
He looked around in the dark room, spotting a bed, a messy desk, and some bystander before setting his eyes on Cas gaze.
Anna motioned for him to follow a few seconds later and the omega tried to breathe a few as possible as they crossed the entrance hall and the shared living-dining room. Castiel's scent was everywhere, and it made Dean want to crawl into the couch and never leave.
“Did you know him?” the hunter asked then instead and rubbed over his face, because Cas didn’t seem to want to leave his personal space and it drove him crazy.
Sam nodded and Dean deepened his frown. He could feel Cas gaze one him but preferred to stare at the table, so the others wouldn’t know, that he didn’t quite know, what report was spoken about. But of course, the angel guessed his train of thoughts immediately.
He laid down next to her but couldn't close his eyes and look away, even as Sam left the room and Cas laid down facing him. She was so tiny, and he would give his life to protect her. But what if she was the one she needed protection of the most?
His eyes flitted over Dean’s face as much as they can at that short distance and a tone of what seemed like hope miked with early relieve mixed into his gaze.
"Yes the thing with the free will, I understand," was what the alpha voiced after some time still smiling. "I believe, that, to a certain degree, your personality, your essence was already defined by your DNA, the parents you were born to, the way your body would evolve and the hormones you get during your life. But I could be wrong, of course. Maybe you would like to get to know me and find out."
Ten more minutes sitting next to the girl he had knocked up and Dean wished he was outside again with the enemies. If he was a woman, he thought, there was no way, that he would ever want children. Or maybe, he could adopt some, because they were really awesome and cute, but all of this pain couldn’t be worth it.
“All right, I’m-“ ready, he tried to say, but a searing pain in his guts forced him to his knees. He clenched a hand to his stomach and when he coughed, he spat blood on the floor.
Jo and Dean had a few more ‘dates’ to get to know each other and to verify, that the other wasn’t a serial killer, before they decided to get pregnant first, then marry and then find a nice house in the suburbs. That way they weren’t left with strange responsibilities if it didn’t work.
“Crowley,” the alpha spoke out loud, and the addressed looked more startled than Dean had ever seen him. “I hereby announce you to be my permanent replacement. As my mate would say: don’t fuck it up.”
Dean slept for almost fourteen hours, after having laid down for a nap until he was woken by the sound of his phone ringing. It was Crowley's ringtone, Gives You Hell from The All-American Rejects, and that couldn't mean anything good.
Though that hurt like a bitch, it gave the hunter the opportunity to grab for the knife and ram it into her heart.
And Dean knew, he was done. He was so thoroughly smitten, he would do anything for this guy, even step with him in an airplane and he really hated those. Even let him take full control when both of their lives were at stake.
"I never killed anyone," Dean suddenly blurted out, surprising himself the most. He hadn't noticed that he had slowly been leaning in towards that smell, but when he took a deep breath now, it felt like he'd been lacking on oxygen and Cas scent was full of it.
“And this is Mia, my little girl.” The last word was barely audible, and Dean noticed the guys exhaustion beneath his obvious adoration.
There was a short moment of silence in which the omega didn't know how to respond. He hadn't really thought about anything but making out with the guy and keeping him out of danger. And, well maybe he had had a few sex dreams. But mating? That meant for life.
“I don’t know,” Cas said and looked utterly devastated. “I only know, that there is no mentioned cure and that nobody ever made a record on how to stop it.”
“Well…” she began. “I don’t know where to start.” Dean tried to look reassuringly and she let out a nervous laugh. “I think I start with the reason why I’m single.” To that, he raised an eyebrow but didn’t say anything. He wanted her to finish the story.
“Can I come in?” Dean asked instead of answering and Cas hurried to make way for him. “Of course,” the dark-haired man whispered and after having a look at his sleeping daughter took Dean’s hand to guide him into his bedroom.
"What's wrong?" one of the guys behind him suddenly asked, and he sprung back into reality like a spring, that had been tightened for too long.
Then the doctor moved a gadget over Glynn’s stomach and said something, but the older Winchester had stopped listening.
Suddenly a surprisingly strong hand, gripped his arm again, holding him in place, where he was bend over this scurrile, alien loving, stoic girl. Her eyes opened and she was searching his face frantically until her gaze calmed down and she only looked sad. He had probably said the last part out loud.
“Okay, anyway, I'm happy if you are”, Mary said a little bit more slowly than Dean would have liked, but you had to take your wins when you could.
“No, she didn't even give me her number.” Dean would have punched him in the face if it hadn't been for his younger brother’s warning gaze. It was their mother he was talking about, damnit.
“It’s all right, her water broke while you were flirting at the bookshelves,” the younger Winchester uttered with the smuggest smile he could master at that moment. Dean’s eyes went wide, even if he didn’t want them to.
"I don't know," he admitted the truth. "I thought, I mean, I li- like him and I made a deal with Crowley to get out, but what if like in five years, he starts to think I'm boring or I do something stupid or..."
Whatever he wanted to say next was interrupted by a low rumbling, that was causing cracks in the floor below them. The devil's trap, on which they were standing broke.
"You went into rut?" Dean asked in a low tone and watched the others irritated facial expression shift into a disbelieving one.
Dean would have chuckled if he wasn't occupied with shoving his lover and his daughter into the bathroom. Those monsters got more stupid by the minute. Sadly they didn't get less strong.
“You smell like pie and home and,” Cas answered not noticing the others distress and getting a distant look in his eyes, “sunshine and the sea.” Dean creased his brow, trying to keep himself from purring, but it was no use. He felt himself slick as Cas looked down at him and growled again.
"Now, besides the revenge we're still holding in since then, caused by his tremendous act of treason, he also stole something from us. And we want it back." Dean frantically searched for an exit from this situation and noticed Crowley, King of Hell, motioning towards a panel to the omega's left, that was apparently controlling something. Following the electric cords to the ceiling, Dean slowly understood what his boss was hinting at. And it seemed to be their only way out.
“Son of a-” he started and then looked down at his daughter and his angel’s opened eyes. “Sorry”, he muttered and fished for the gun under his pillow. “You take Sky and get out of the bathroom window. Get as far away as possible. Don't look back.”
"You don't believe," he simply stated and then carried on. "You don't believe that nature or whatever god there is, makes true mates perfect for each other. I just knew that you would never harm me since you are the person that fits me the best on earth and I don't wanna die. Or get hurt"
As the angel was finished, the older hunter handed their daughter over to him and reminded him how to hold her when fed.
“Shut up,” Dean growled and pinched his nose. He was sitting in the armchair he decided to buy by himself in the house he had chosen together with his wife, drinking tea, because he made one for said pregnant wife and thought if nobody saw it he could also have one. He had to admit he was getting soft. “Do you wanna talk now or not?”
What would he give for a normal birth in a normal hospital, where somebody could make a c-section now and everybody would live. But nothing in his life was ever normal.
When his counterpart wanted to protest, he laid a hand on his free shoulder and cringed inwards at the touch. And it was not in a bad way.
Dean’s mood went from embarrassed to euphoric. What did he care what this girl thought about him, the only thing important was what
Team Free Will exchanged a look that said everything and nothing at the same time. The fear, the hope and the annoyance about weird people were written all over their faces. The oldest Winchester made the decision for them all and nodded shortly.
Deans heart continued to clench uncontrollably. Not only because the guy he loved was straight and had a wife, but also the sad look on his face made Dean’s guts churn. He seemed even guilty, a facial expression, that Dean couldn’t find a reason for.
Apparently, Sam immediately prayed for Cas, a thing they should have done ages ago. After all, it was a witch case for Chuck’s sake.
The older hunter understood immediately. He nodded shortly, send his brother with a move of his hand to kneel between Glynn’s legs and held onto her hand tightly.
That actually made the hunter feel a little bit better and he nodded. Then he felt how a blue, warm substance leave his mouth and it was the weirdest thing ever, because he didn’t think anybody had ever been conscious to feel that. The sensation it left was of an empty nature and he watched as the blue, that was actually Cas, entered his brother’s mouth.
It was quiet, it was in the distance, but it was unmistakably the howling of a wolf or rather a werewolf because why would a regular wolf hunt this close to humans.
As Cas got back into the car, he sighed deeply. “I hate to give her away every day, but we have to pay the rent somehow. You said you had an auto shop?”
“They can all come,” Glynn said when none of the men reacted and they almost stumbled over to her side. The doctor eyed them suspiciously but didn’t say anything further.
"I haven't had a lot of... intercourse before." Cas sky blue eyes bored themselves into Dean's green ones, and the Winchester hummed contentedly at the admission.
Why should the man think that Dean doesn’t like him because of that for one more night? The older Winchester looked at his alarm clock and found it to be already 2 am. He sighed, pulled back the covers and glided into his slippers standing next to the bed.
“You… what?” was the only answer the hunter could muster and a roaring laugh passed through his mind.
“Well, the other family also had a daughter in my age.” Okay, here we go. “I liked her from the beginning; I mean I somehow grew up with her, but I didn’t realize until I was sixteen, that my parents expected me to go out with her. And even though I had some other interests at that time, I obeyed, the good son I was and we became boyfriend and girlfriend.”
“No,” Dean said and took a deep breath. This was it. If they were all going to die soon, again, he could at least this time finally let it out. “I love you like I love you. Like my mom loved my dad before he turned to be an abusive bastard probably.”
Without looking Cas in the eye, he accepted the call and whispered “Hello,” in the phone even though there was no need to whisper anymore.
“Wait, what now?” Dean asked now a little bit louder, realizing in the same moment what this meant. He was going to be a dad. “Are… Are you okay? I mean, uh, okay, I’m coming!”
“We need to call Sam,” the older Winchester said while sitting on an ugly green sofa with UFO cushions. He kept himself occupied with clenching and unclenching his fists on his knees, but that couldn’t help forever.
As they headed down the road and towards the highway, Cas already starting to enchant everything with every protection spell he knew, Dean thought, that there could be better starts in one's life, but there could also be worse.
After a second of searching his body, Dean just offered his magazine to Cas and could see how the other tried to suppress a smile as he scribbled the digits on it, with a pen he had emerged from his vest pocket. He has beautiful handwriting, the Winchester noticed as Cas ended just above the right boob of the girl on the cover.
He knew he was being mean. He knew he kept being mean to keep the angel at a distance that was supposed to keep them both save. And hell, it didn’t work.
“It’s not the way you think,” Cas said, looking down on his shoes now. If it wasn’t for his mental fight right now, Dean would have thought he looked adorable. “I didn’t want to tell you, to not make you think less of me.” The word ‘impossible’ crossed Dean’s mind at that. “But it is my fault, that she is sick.”
“Okay, come to the point,” Dean grumbled after rolling his eyes only a little bit dramatically. The guy pouted.
Another part of him was freaking out, because after the upbringing he had experienced by his own dad, he didn’t know, if he could be what this kid needed, or if he should just leave it to be raised by better people. Like Cas or Sammy.
To the omegas worry, Cas still didn't look scared. "That's how you got yourself hurt," he just concluded, calm as always.
Dean met him almost every day, if it was in the morning, when they both headed off to work, or when they ‘accidently’ brought the trash out at the same time. Still, they never had enough time for a real conversation, because of the family life they both tried to manage besides working on a full-time job.
“Cas,” he said, unconsciously putting a hand on his shoulder and very consciously, suddenly feeling the warmth radiating from there. Then the both of them heard Mia starting to fuss, probably over her coloring book, that was completely purple by now and they turned their heads to look inside the house.
After some time, Mia requested to be set to the ground to proceed with her drawings and suddenly Dean’s face was held lovingly between the palms of two hands.
After a moment of confusion, Cas joined him and they chuckled until the omega held his sides in pain.
They managed to get the bodies out through the backdoor and into the Impala, which Dean got from the Motel, within the next half an hour. Being ready to set of and to bring the dead angels as far away from the city as possible, they still tried to contact the alien girl. Glynn.
“You all right, Cas?” the older Winchester asked while putting his hand on the angel’s shoulder. The other smiled.
“Okay, take a photo and then let’s get out of here, I don’t think they will come back tonight.” After Dean had voiced this, his brother took out his phone; the clicking sound echoed loudly in the empty, cold church.
“Hi, I’m Jo,” she greeted with a smirk, that hinted towards more. Dean smiled because he liked her smile and tried to say: ‘I don’t want to get in your pants today’ with it.
"Can I scent you?" Cas suddenly asked and shook his head afterwards while taking a deep breath. "I'm- I'm sorry, I didn't intend to be this straightforward. It's just the alpha voice telling me to reassure myself that you are going to be okay."
“Our daughter,” it did a lot of crazy things to the older hunter’s stomach as he heard Cas say it like that, “must have picked up on the dangers, that are outside and probably wanted to do something, anything. I am a seraph still, even with the chaos in heaven, and that means she will be quite strong, being able to speed up a birth is nothing I would not have expected.”
So, Dean told him everything he found out that day. He felt a little bit guilty at sharing Cas personal information with somebody else, but this somebody was the only person Dean trusted besides Jo. He would never use this information to hurt somebody.
Sam uttered his agreement and the both of them left the room and Dean alone to dwell in his own thoughts.
Dean breathed in deeply. This was it. This bit of body contact that had always been forbidden by his own mind was better than everything he could have ever imagined, like an explosion in his nervous system. It felt as if the air around Cas, that smelled like him was pure oxygen and Dean had lived on a 15% percent restriction all his life. They moved their lips very slowly against each other as if they were trying out uncharted waters.
Dean was snapped out of his thoughts by his brother clapping on his shoulder, probably because he had mentioned him in some way.
“So, you are saying,” Sam interrupted Dean’s down spiralling thoughts, “that, that Glynn has these pains means, that she is going to die for sure?”
“So, you are saying,” Dean licked his lips and pulled his hand through his hair, “that… this child rescued a tree and made a man fall unconscious in the middle of a street?” For reassurement he looked over at Cas and regretted it in the same moment. The angel’s eyes seemed to say something in the lines of: well, I would rescue a tree and you like to punch people unconscious and Dean couldn’t handle the domestic feeling this brought up.
“The Nephilim, or for that matter all born supernatural creatures, can detect the life outside of the womb from a very early stage of the pregnancy on.” He seemed to be taking a bit of pain away from the curled-up woman in front of him, but it seemed to exhaust him if his tired eyes were any indication. Dean frowned.
"What do I do," the omega all but whispered into his phone. He had never felt so defeated in his life.
As Dean straightened himself from being crouched under one of the church benches to tell Sam, that they should call it night and leave, said younger brother gave him a signal to come over to the reading desk. “Lectern,” a voice piped up and Dean tried very hard not to roll his eyes and grin.
Suddenly an especially loud rumble shook the bunker making Dean and Sam curl over the baby, while Cas shuddered under the force he was holding back.
The silence in the room was so thick for the next minutes that somebody could have probably cut through it with a knife. Crowley just stared at him unbelievingly, as if to make out if his counterpart was lying. He must have come to the conclusion that he probably was not and stood up.
In any case, they needed to come up with a fake hospital story and if one of them, Cas or Dean, or possible even both would be registered as the father(s), they had to make very good fake IDs, with fake background stories, fake lives, fake jobs, fake everything. And Dean was really, really tired of fake.
Inside, he could see two figures, both aimed with full-automatic riffles, clothed in black with the white angel wings, the sign of the Heaven's gang on their backs. They seemed to be looking out for or guarding something, and Dean used a short moment where they looked the other direction to lift himself inside and in the shadows to his right.
Castiel and Dean meet up for lunch and Cas tells him about his past and his wife. Because of his unability to do things right, Dean copes with his feelings the way he always does and does something stupid. And of course, there is no time to talk.
But regardless of what Dean just said, Cas was still smiling. Huh, this guy either pitied him or was used to stupid people around him, Dean thought. Or probably, a quiet voice in his mind whispered, there is a possibility, that he likes you.
“Nah, I’m good. I think it’s better if I do it, you know we’re kind of close.” At his brothers chuckling, he shouted over his shoulder: “Oh, shut your face, or you will have to endure a horrible thirst for the rest of the evening.”
"You're not gonna push me away again?" the alpha asked, and it broke Dean's heart. Had it really felt that bad for him, the rejection and all? This true mates thing was absolutely crazy.
He wanted to kiss him. Dean Winchester wanted to kiss Castiel the angel so badly but there was Sam in the car next to them and they were standing in the middle of nowhere because they were on the run from the evil as usual.
So, they found the witch, male for Dean’s records and narrowed his operation centre down to a weird old cabin in the woods. A lot of clichés, Dean mentally noted, but better because of the witness situation. Or the lack of any.
A little pang of envy seared through the older Winchesters emotional channel, because he, as a human, that never learned to speak Enochian fluently, felt a little bit excluded from the conversation. But the hunter would never admit that.
“It’s a- it’s a girl?” he asked and hoped to keep all of his emotions out of his voice. The hand that was laid on his arm from his left showed him, that he didn’t succeed, but he didn’t dare to look down.
“So, I think congratulations are appropriate,” the brown-haired sheriff beamed up at them and then glanced at Glynn’s huge stomach. “When is it going to hatch?”
Being not able to drive with a baby in his jacket, the older Winchester threw his key at Sam and got into the back seat, followed by Cas.
The omega nodded shortly and hoped that neither the driver nor the five passengers were any knotheads who would approach him inappropriately during the ride.
“Hey,” Sam said to Dean from his other side on the second sofa. Jess was occupied with reading a bridal magazine and Dean grinned. “I think your wife already likes him,” the younger man teased and his brother shoved him in the side.
“Yes, I mean, I intent to, but this is not…” When he sounded so human, with all of this ranting, Dean felt almost as if there was nothing separating them. But then again, so much happened, they both made mistakes, they both almost killed each other and…
“Can I hold her?” she asked quietly after a moment of staring at her granddaughter. Dean nodded hastily, unstrapped her and handed the smiling child over. Mary seemed to know exactly what she was doing; after all, it hadn't been long in her perspective since she had held Sammy as a baby. Sky seemed to have an equal amount of interest in her grandmother as there was the other way around, and to the others, their resemblance was pretty clear in their fascinated glances.
“Hey, it’s all right, I’m here,” Dean said in a soothing voice, cutting off her umbilical cord and clamping it like his brother explained to him. Then he was handed his daughter, wrapped her in one of the blankets laying aside and closed his leather jacket over her small form laying at his chest.
“Who are you,” the hunter asked instead but tried to be quiet, so nobody with a nonomnipotent hearing could understand him. A laughter was audible.
“No, stop apologizing. It’s fine.” Raking his fingers through his hair, the older Winchester tried to gather his thoughts, because he really needed to do it right this time. Looking anywhere but in Cas direction he put all his concentration in the fight against his urge to suppress his feelings, coming from his assumption that they were not worth anybody’s attention. But this was for Cas.
"So Zachariah, head of the Heaven's angels is your biological uncle?" Sam asked for the umpteenth time while pacing the room. Dean wondered for a brief second why he hadn't gone home by now, to his beautiful fiancée, into his normal life.
When he slowly drifted out of the depths of his wonderfully delusional mind, he was quickly reminded of why his consciousness had kept him down before.
"As if you could," Dean countered and smiled a little involuntary. He could see that the other wanted to talk about something, but he needed air to think.
Right in time for Dean to hear Jo asking: “And what about Mrs. Novak? I haven’t seen her around yet.” He couldn’t leave his family alone for one second. They would let everything crash around them and Cas would probably never talk to him after this evening.
“Like the drummer from Queen?” the girl asked and Dean at the same time scolded himself and was impressed by his opposite. “My name is Glynar; you can call me Glynn.”
When she stopped pushing, Sam removed her sweaty hair from her face and Dean suddenly remembered something.
The hunter manoeuvred Baby into a free parking lot of a clinic a town over. He looked again at the angel and found him staring back at him as if in deep thoughts. Panic swept over Dean like a wave. If the guild overcame the other in the same way, he would maybe think of a completely stupid reason and leave, and then…
“Dean,” the angel started again, because of course he had heard the last thought but as the addressed tried to come up with a way to take back what he had just thought or to make it less weird, his moosy brother arrived with a key and two coffees to go. Well then, the shower was waiting.
The urge became stronger fast as Dean watched the others coo over his new-born babies and retreating a little bit to the background he dialed the number he had saved in his phone but never called.
It was a warm early summer night, but the light wind caught in Castiel’s hair and he drew the tiny girl closer to his body. He looked down at her and Dean really, really wanted to take a Photograph of the face he made and keep it in his breast pocket forever.
While Dean held the squealing infant, the younger Winchester instructed Cas how to mix a bottle of baby milk while he packed away the bath tube. There was a sudden pang of guilt shooting through the older hunter, because he was sure that his brother had always wanted children on his own and every time he came close to that dream, Dean interfered and broke everything apart.
"I'm gonna make coffee," Sam announced after a few seconds of Dean staring into Cas eyes. They didn't do that often, did they?
All of the ride, Cas was unusually quiet. Regarding other situations he normally also seldomly spoke when it wasn’t necessary, but Dean had gotten into the habit of bantering endlessly about classic rock songs and movies the angel had on his hard drive with him over the last few years. When nobody was dying of course.
“The guy, who collected records of Nephilim was human?” Dean asked, because sometimes Cas just told absurd stuff but the other nodded. “And he was allowed to live?”
“What about Glynn,” Dean asked and Sam shook his head, all of them looking down in a way of paying respect.
During Cas answer he stopped listening half the way, because he had found an ad for an auto shop for old cars and was looking for one particular piece for Baby after the last crash.
Cas followed the hunter into the kitchen and stood at the counter as if he wanted to say something. Because he didn’t grow up human, he didn’t fiddle with the sleeve of his trench coat nervously, but he could as well be doing it. His whole posture showed, that he knew how to throw himself in the pot for the Winchesters, but not how to approach a topic he knew Dean didn’t want to talk about.
So he had contemplated, all the way back home if he should still go to Crowley's diner today and visit his beloved Baby. The 1967 Chevrolet Impala he had inherited from his dad at the age of twenty, surely held more than memories of a childhood on the road, but also a hidden trunk with a few of Dean's favourite weapons.
“Hello Dean,” the other said and licked his lips as if he was nervous to say the next words. Last time they had met at the hospital, he had been kind of self-assure, so it was probably not because of the kiss but it probably was, Dean’s mind started to ramble.
The waitress brought their drinks and Dean smiled reassuringly at Cas before taking a sip. So far, the story hasn’t been that bad.
After a look for confirmation into bright blue eyes, which were almost all consumed by blown pupils, Dean hooked his thumbs into the waistband of his own boxers and pulled them down. One of Cas hands instantly wandered down to his rather big member, for an omega at least and when he grabbed onto it as if his life depended on it, Dean swore he lost his consciousness for a second. For a moment, in which he felt a gush of slick run out of him, Dean was worried that they might have triggered their cycles again since he wouldn't have any protection for that case.
Damn, the last time Dean held a baby, beside the adventure with Bobby John and the small Amara, was when he was about six and his giant brother still shat his pants. They really needed to improve their baby-skills, because beside the protection from all the evil in the world the little Winchester girl also needed food and a clean diaper.
Of course, it was a dark, old bar, where else would you meet the mother of your children? Dean Winchester didn’t want to go to said dark, old bar this evening. He was way too old for this game. To be precise he was like 15 years too old and his lack of enthusiasm seemed to show because not even the bartender was flirting with him and it somehow was her job.
Den smiled tiredly. He would have protested, but his mother was essentially the same age he was and therefore probably didn't have worse back problems.
The older Winchester flinched visibly. “First of all, if that’s true, it didn’t work very well. And second, please don’t call our kid the Nephilim, that just makes it worse.”
“Okay,” Dean said dumbly. He had the urge to scratch his neck and followed it automatically. They were actually in this together, weren’t they? He needed to know.
He reached into the small space and grabbed onto a gun he had never seen in his life before. It looked more like a colt, he corrected himself, as he looked it over, making sure, Benny hadn't seen what that he had found something. You could trust nobody in this kind of business.
In the back of his head, a voice, that sounded awfully lot like his dad told him there was some reason the shouldn't be doing this, but Dean couldn't find himself to care. He had been right, the alpha tasted even better than he smelled and Dean didn't think he would ever get enough of this. His tongue was now stroking the insides of Cas mouth, and when he rather felt than heard the other moan into the kiss, he knew he was gone for good.
He almost ran to Cas door but didn’t know how to proceed from that on. He felt itchy in his skin as if this was something important. Like he had felt the night his mom died or the day Sam went away for college and everything Dean was left with was his alcoholic dad.
The drive to Montrose, Colorado, was very awkward in Dean’s eyes. When sitting in his beloved Impala and not listening to his brother brabbling about his research, he normally let his mind wander in any possible direction. This was what he normally loved about driving a car, but now he very often had to recede to counting sheep or naming porn stars, when his thoughts took the wrong direction.
The wait for the bus felt like endless torture. The omega knew that he had to change bus at least once to get home from here and he didn't have much time. There he was, standing in the middle of nowhere, just bushes and old grass around him and wondered how he had gotten himself in such a bad situation again.
Due to lifelong training, the hunter was outside and hidden in no time, even though whatever attacked them could probably trace him down however hard he hid. As he crouched down and looked around the cement wall he was behind, a rumbling went through the floor beneath his feet like an earthquake.
As they stood in front of each other now, for a second, before it all went down for Dean, he noticed that the guy was actually about one or two inches shorter than he was and had stunning blue eyes.
"You should at least talk to him," his brother voiced after some time of silence. "Since he already knows part of your big, bad secret, and is still willing to have a conversation, you should probably hear him out."
"You have to use your alpha voice and tell me to move." Dean felt a sting in his eyes from the humiliation but willed the tears down. A Winchester didn't cry, under no circumstances.
“September. What date is it actually?” Dean asked shortly after he and Cas had parted and they had stared into each other’s eyes for some time. “I need to know our daughter’s birthday.” An involuntary chuckle escaped the hunter. He felt as if he was high.
Dean laughed at the other man’s puzzled expression. “It’s my job,” Dean explained and got into the driver seat. As Cas closed his door, he smiled a little at Dean, what brought the latter’s heartbeat in a strange rhythm. He really needed to control his reactions, if he wanted to woo Cas systematically.
But it didn't seem to be a problem since he was still under the influence of those medications as the omega remembered. As Cas started to rub him up and down and press him against his own erection, seemingly to get some friction as well, Dean lost his last bit of patience and yanked the other's boxers down as well.
"It's a mostly biological thing, I think," the dark-haired man continues with furrowed brows at Dean's vague answer. "It happens when two people, an alpha and an omega fit together perfectly by nature and their bodies react to it without their conscious consent."
"I met your brother, he seems to be very kind," Cas started and Dean felt a mixture of pride and dread settle in his stomach. He hoped Sammy hadn't said anything stupid. "Is he your only sibling?"
They got monthly updates from Crowley, which they mostly ignored, and Dean finally understood what other people saw in the apple pie life. Which was not only the apple pies.
"Are you sure?" the older man asked, and he had a concerned look on his face Dean didn't like. But he needed to get out of this car before the others could smell him.
On the other side was a three-centimeter shorter, dark-haired, blue-eyed man with a very sleepy looking infant in his arms.
After two days it still seemed like the strangest thing Dean had ever done, but he didn’t mind. Despite everything, it felt right and he couldn’t stop grinning, not even at work, where he was completely overqualified and therefore bored. It was like he could finally dream again, like he didn’t have to wait all of this time it took to fall in love, before settling down. He could do it right away.
“You…” Dean cleared his throat. “Eh... Why, why shouldn’t they be sorry, I mean she is your wife.” He tried to gather his thoughts, but everything seemed to revolve around the other man’s lips. Damn, Dean, concentrate, he thought.
Sam sighted. “I don’t know Dean.” There was a moment of silence, in which Cas licked his spoon as if nobody was watching him and Dean lifted his eyebrows.
Dean looked at him puzzled while trying to connect the mechanism, that was attached to the seat. His smile only grew wider. “I think it’s way too early for her first boyfriend.”
"If that is what you want, Dean," Cas replied and did this soul-scratching staring thing again. "Maybe, I can give you my phone number, in case you would like to talk sometime or maybe text. I like texting."
“She likes your voice,” Cas aid suddenly and Dean noticed how his brother had gotten out of scene and was studying a map in the car. He understood immediately why: he was still standing very close to the angel.
“I’ll take you with my car,” Dean said before he could think. He really should not be out of the shop all day long, but he muted the reasonable voice in his head very fast at the sight of Cas full lips.
“Daddy, the other kids all only brought two parents,” the little girl complained. Her name was Mary Ellen Winchester; she was about to start her first day at school and she did not like the looks the people gave her and her family for having 13 members. She had just counted them today.
“Well, he will need to get used to that, having a big sis,” Dean laughed, still keeping the volume down for his daughter’s sake. She scrunched her face as if to wake up soon regardless his attempts and he laid his hand that was not holding the phone on her back to soothe her.
He remembered it, as if it was yesterday, when Cas had told him that there was almost no survival for human women, who gave birth to a Nephilim, especially if the angel was of a higher rang. They had investigated a case from on hundred years before Christ, which had popped up after they had found an old book deep inside the bunker, but it didn’t really bring any results. Cas was not strong enough anymore to transport them in time and there were no other evidences traceable.
“When you say it like this,” the older Winchester started but Cas interrupted him. “I was completely withdrawn from his conscious mind. I didn’t even notice, that a child was conceived and I should have.”
“Are you helping me?” he asked the little girl and then said to Dean in the proud wonder only parents could probably muster, “She is helping me, Dean.”
With a lot of effort, Dean wrapped his leg up, showered and got dressed. His right foot was still hurting a little, but he decided to suck it up and gather his crutches. About twenty minutes later he was at the next bus station.
It was such an amazing feeling to have Cas around all the time, that Dean sometimes tried to shake himself awake or make himself aware, that he could be under the influence of a Djinn. He was waiting for the other shoe to drop as they continued their research side by side and also as they watched series in the evening, together, sometimes joined by Sammy, sometimes not.
They had talked for the rest of the evening about everything and nothing. They had exchanged numbers and then they had gone home. Each of them to their own home.
The departure of Castiel’s wife was so fast, that Dean didn’t even have a chance to whiteness it, not even from behind his living room curtains. She had left with her sister late in the evening as Cas had told him the next morning on the phone.
"You know that I'm not good for you," was what emerged Dean's vocal cords after some time. "I'm not one to have a family with, to have kids and live the picket-fenced life with. I did too many bad things, there is no way out for me anymore."
“I think she will just have to cope because I don't want to hide our... relationship”, he said after spitting out and was proud at having said the word. Maybe it would be easier from now on.
Mary Winchester was not someone who was easily found if she didn't want you to. Just as many other things, this was information about his mother, Dean hadn't had before she had come back from the dead. Usually, this was a good traid for a hunter, but this time it was immensely annoying.
“You don’t like not being in control,” Cas concluded pulling the chair over so he could sit beside Dean. “ I’m sorry I used my alpha voice on you when we first met.”
"Okay, okay, I'm sorry. I actually have a book, in which True Mates are mentioned, wait a second." Dean rolled his eyes because of course, he had.
The older hunter snorted from his casually overhearing position inside the door frame. He had always liked the girl, even if she had a lack of important pop-culture knowledge.
The alpha chuckled at that and added a third finger starting a scissoring motion. Once he made sure that Dean was ready by staring him into the eyes until he nodded, Cas lined himself up with him and pushed in. He waited a few seconds for Dean to adjust and the omega got a first impression of Cas losing control as he closed his eyes and burrowed his face in his mate's neck. It was the most beautiful thing, Dean had ever seen.
“I’m okay, Sammy, don’t worry,” Dean said in an exhausted manner and rubbed his face with his hand. They had arrived at the bunker after a very long drive and he wanted Cas save and comfortable before heading for his bed. Or maybe the shower.
After having put up all the protection, the bunker was capable of, a quite odd sight greeted Dean as he entered the war room. The big, table, that usually stood right in the middle of the room was pushed aside, in order to make space for all the blankets the others could probably have found in such a short time.
Why not, Dean wanted to ask, but he didn’t want to assume, that he himself was into them. That would have been really contra productive, considering his plans. So, Dean just looked Cas up and down, showing obvious approval on his face and smiled what he hoped was warmly. “So, how was your day?”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Sam asked and sounded a little bit wounded. Regarding, that Dean normally wasn’t silent about his love-, well sex-life, the sound to his voice was kind of understandable.
"Nah, it's alright," the omega said because he didn't know what else to do under the intense stare of the other. Did the guy even blink for once?
“No, Dean, you’ll stay here. You are needed here the most.” Cas sad eyes roamed over the books behind the older Winchester and ended up cast towards his shoes. It almost broke Dean’s heart.
Of course, Dean didn’t know about any of that. And of course, Dean was completely dumbstruck, when in his twisted, never resting hunters mind an all too familiar blue-eyed man appeared and asked, if he could come in.
He couldn't see much, and the impact drew all the air from his lungs, but he noticed how Crowley, almost unharmed from the explosion used the distraction to run to the board and press the button to release the long neon lamps high in the air.
Dean had been hurt pretty bad before, but there had never been an alpha worrying over him, who was also his true mate and impossible to scare away.
Crowley turned to Dean slowly. "You're an omega?" he asked completely shocked at what Dean just shrugged. Of course, this had to be the thing to bug him most, but it was undeniable now, regarding the missing claiming mark on Castiel's throat. The Winchester had always thought of it as unfair that only the omega got one and he had made sure that it was hidden beneath his collar for tonight. Well, he could forget about that now.
"No, we, err, met in a fuel station. He works there," Dean said trying to keep it as vague as possible. His brother had never understood his lifestyle now that he could do everything he wanted according to him.
Jo’s face turned into a painful grin and she hit her husband in the arm with her fist. “Okay Dean, I know you are freaking out, but you have to calm down,” she said panting heavily as another contraction hit her. “You love Cas and he loves you. Don’t say anything,” she continued as Dean wanted to interrupt her. “I saw his face when he looks at you, he is one hundred percent screwed. Just like you. So, get your shit together; our children will love it when you’re happy and by the way, they need you now, so can you pleasaaaahh”
On the third day, Crowley had called to tell him, that the angels had been searching the diner and when Dean had been so disappointed that the other wasn't Cas that he snapped. He told Crowley to fuck off, he knew the other would understand it, and decided to take matters in his own hands.
“It was this one writing where a Nephilim claimed for his human mother to be alive.” It was silent for a moment after that, the feelings of hope, guilt, anger and fear mixing between them.
When they both slowly came down from their hights, Dean was noticing how Cas licked the blood from his neck and chuckled.
Also, a little bit of angst coming up; sometimes you need to break everything down to make a new start.
"What if I had what you craved the most," Dean started his speech leaning forward and noticing how the other mimicked his motions involuntarily. "What if I had the thing my dad stole from Zachariah, a thing that could set you free from all the money you owe the angels. Businesslike. And personally." To underline his point, the omega lowered his voice as a sign, that he knew things about the King, nobody else knew.
When the first finger entered, it kind of felt weird, like it usually did, but also instantly arousing. His slick had done great work at keeping everything moist and loosening him up so that it was no problem for Cas to add a second finger right away. Still having this determined expression on his face, as if he was doing an experiment rather than preparing his mate for sex, Cas managed to find that bundle of nerves inside of him, and Dean gasped loudly.
He saw emotion after emotion flicker across Cas face and when their lips were only about one centimeter apart, Dean’s senses suddenly snapped back in.
“So, what does a handsome man like you do here all alone on a Friday night?” asked she and Dean noticed her nervousness for the first time. She started to chew her lip, but not in a flirtatious way and her gaze more than often flickered to the left while she spoke.
thought about him. When had he become such a sap? What was with ‘the other was better off without him’? Every fibre inside of him yearned for the alpha.
“So, what you are saying is…?” Dean asked, but of course, he already guessed, what his brother had thought about, what the older hunter never wanted to let cross his mind, even for a second.
"Where do I sign," he asked through gritted teeth, but Dean could look past that. There was a glint in his alpha's eyes that he had never seen before, and that seemed to scream of trouble. Where had that helpless guy gone, that Dean had wanted to protect from anything evil just seconds ago? If this weren't such a delicate situation, he would have admitted that it turned him on a little.
“What about outside?” the younger Winchester asked as soon as the pregnant woman was only panting slightly and didn’t look as if she was dying for a second. Sweat was glistening on her forehead and she had her eyes closed.
“Okay, this will probably sound very strange.” Dean paused for a second. “Okay, this will sound strange. Okay, so I met this guy yesterday and he is very nice and looks very good and he has a daughter and I think I like him, but he is most likely straight and married and doesn’t like me at all. What shall I do?”
“So, being the good husband, I am,” Cas said with a bitter tone in his voice “I got myself as drunk as possible and slept with her.”
Even though they really needed to talk about what happened just minutes ago, Dean was eternally grateful for Cas to guide him through the darkness and wishing him good luck on his porch. This was going to be a very long night.
They were only meant to attack if they made it out of the bunker, Dean realized. In front of them, a few feet ahead stood a lone angel, recognizable by his plain suit in dark blue and his stiff posture.
“Yes, yes, Cas…,” Dean reassured him fast, trailing off again. “I am a dad,” he laughed not sure how he lost the control over his speech so easily. His head was spinning, and he wondered how it could have been just under 24 hours since he’s had the best kiss of his life. And Cas had kissed back.
“Grab your gun again and point it at me,” the guy with the blue eyes said in a slow, low voice and Dean did precisely what he said. The other must notice his irritation, he thought until he remembered that only his eyes were visible through the black mask he was wearing.
The light suddenly went out, right when Glynn let out a horrible cry as if something was tearing her apart. Sam was in her face in an instant, both of them lit only by the red emergency light.
Then it was suddenly silent. The witch opened her hands in Deans direction and a lot less aggressive burst of energy hit the hunter than last time.
The meeting point of the Hell's demons was not as well hidden as some of the members sometimes tried to think, but they also weren't particularly dangerous and just flying under the radar of the local police.
“Sammy,” Dean exclaimed and turned to face his brother again, who surprisingly had gotten out of the car again and was fixing a dark green baby car seat to the left side of the backseat. He looked up and over the car, still with the hint of an amused smile on his face.
“No, Dean, I’m in front of the motel and we are going to this church right now.” Alright, Dean thought, if the monsters cannot wait until the night anymore, they would get a dirty and pissed of Winchester. And they definitely didn’t want that.
“What angels?” the tax accountant in front of him asked the same moment, kind of looking dumbfounded.
“Can I touch the stomach,” Cas suddenly asked and the hunter switched to staring at him disbelievingly. The angel lifted his eyebrows.
Cutting the next corner, they were presented with a situationally and also for Dean generally horrifying sight.
The second Dean pressed the button attached to a ring on his left hand, hell went lose around him. He had tried to jump, to get further away from the explosions, but it was no use; he flew around the room like a puppet cut loose from its strings.
The door to the small motel room flew open, and light from a street lamp outside flooded in. The square opening was occupied by two broad figures, illuminated from behind.
As if fidgeting with his words, the younger Winchester took the dishes towards the door, turned around and set them down on the kitchen table.
Cas lifted his hands in a soothing manner and waves of calmness ebbed through his scent over to Dean. "I won't hurt you," he said as if it hadn't been him pressed to the wall just seconds ago.
Feeling like something between a helplessly romantic teenage boy and a burglar he took the ladder he had stored in his garage and unfolded it beneath the window. After he climbed up, he could see a small room, quite similar to the nursery he had furnished together with Jo in their house.
At the last words, the grown man in front of Dean let his shoulders slump forwards and buried his face in his hands.
Sam seemed to be more relaxed, though, Dean noticed. He laughed more and brought home a new cute baby jumper every time he left their home for grocery shopping or occasionally hunts.
First adjusting her brothers vomit green tie, then turning to face the mass of students and parents in front of her she took a moment to reply.
"So, you're the omega, who doesn't want to date my brother," Anna stated as if she actually was responsible for Cas and not the other way around. After having looked at her in surprise, the omega looked down at his one boot.
Judging by the look on her face, she had never in her life heard of the Kinsey-scala. Of course, she hadn’t, Dean scolded himself, just because you aren’t straight, doesn’t mean everybody has to be interested in the subject.
Castiel’s face lightened noticeably at Deans words and Dean really wanted to keep it that way. “I can look at it tomorrow and if necessary, take it to my shop three blocks away. Do you need to get to work tomorrow?”
Cas looked… different. He had put on some jeans and a t-shirt, that had once belonged to Dean and had been stuffed into one of the emergency duffel bags. Above that, he was wearing a dark blue jacket, they had probably purchased at Walmart and he was slipping on a pair of his new own hunter's boots right now.
“All right,” Dean said. “Let’s get the books and dig deep in.” The other two already turned to the huge bookshelves as the older hunter added:
“Yes, but when I look at Dean with your daughter, I can imagine, that, when they are finally here it will be worth it.” Jo grinned shamelessly at Cas and he seemed to lose a bit of his tenseness. Dean had been a little bit nervous, but there was no way in hell, that somebody as great as Cas wouldn’t like his family.
He had addressed everybody in the room, but Zack and Crowley were the ones to react the most. The former by looking shocked and the latter by starting to smirk.
“The book is also gone,” Sam stated and straightened his probably painful back. Looking up to the windows, he laughed.
Sam handed his brother some extra fluffy socks and a yellow-and-red-striped hat, which the other put on his daughter as gentle and fast as he could. The older Winchester lifted the little girl to his shoulder as they had learned in the video baby class, that seemed to have been ages ago and turned around to her other daddy.
Skylar woke up when they stopped a few miles outside of Sioux City for Cas to change out of his dirty clothes. Sam had driven them away from the highway down a field street and they were standing in the middle of nowhere when the hunter's and the angel's daughter opened her eyes and let out a loud whine of discomfort.
They all sat down on various surfaces, and the two sons and the angel took turns to tell Skylar’s and, therefore, Glynn’s story as detailed as they could. They were only interrupted by the basic needs of the infant in the room, and when they had finished, Dean was walking up and down the room, slightly bending his knees every now and then and patting his daughter on her back.
“Since we were the only ones invited,” Jody announced, setting the big, in bear printed wrapping paper cladded gift down on an edge of the table, “we granted ourselves the right to buy everything you don’t have yet.”
There was something… something why they shouldn’t do this but suddenly a warm and wet tongue slit against his slightly parted lips. He let it in and gently caressed it with his own tongue, gripping Cas head tighter as the dark-haired man let his arms fall down to his waist and drew him closer by embracing him.
"Okay," Sam answered and Dean could hear him chuckle. This was why they couldn't have nice things. "Uh, that's great, Dean. Wait, does that mean you have decided to mate with him?"
The heat lasted a week. Dean had never before experienced anything as painful, and he had been held captive and tortured by a rivalling gang for almost a month once.
"I'm sorry, that won't be possible." Dean wanted to kick the others fake-pitying look directly off his face. "But since you finally have arrived, I can reveal the cause of our gathering." A few of Zachariah's minions pointed their guns at the omega, and he just rolled his eyes for everybody to see.
"I'm the second in command with the Hell's demons," Dean heard himself say without any pride in his voice. Other people went to college, Dean Winchester went to hell instead.
Also, Cas refused to take over Dean’s body in any occasion, what let to the hunter being kind of a transmission between the two book nerds, who seemed to have more conversations than Dean had known of.
"Did that happen to you, Dean?" Sam sounded a bit worried, probably because the older Winchester wasn't saying anything. "Did he- did he hurt you?" Dean almost laughed, because of what had actually happened, but it wasn't really a funny situation. What if this guy had been some kind of knothead? What things had happened in the past to omegas who weren't as strong as Dean was?
It felt as if Dean had been suffocated his whole life and could finally breath. As if the cage around his ribs had been lifted and never wanted for it to stop, he never wanted to pull back ever in his life. But at some point, he had to.
“Hey, is this one free?” the older Winchester asked and the girl turned her whole body to him smiling.
"Yes," Dean answered and rolled his eyes. For some people, it was hard to believe that this guy wasn't an alpha.
“Dean,” Sam bitchfaced. “You have to admit, that the appearance of a Nephilim, even if he’s not born yet, has to have something to do with the weird sightings we’re investigating.”
“Dean, I, as I tried to tell you before, but utterly failed, love you like your mother probably loved your dad, before he became abusive as well.” The angel looked a little bit confused at his own words. “I think.”
Dean just stared at her for some time until he noticed Cas emerging from the glass door behind her. He looked a little better but there were dark shadows under his eyes, and his hair was wet.
When he turned around, Cas had one of his soft smiles directed at him. “You know, I have never done this before, Dean.” The hunter remembered the one time the angel had attempted at something like a relationship and gulped down some guilt. “I don't want to do it wrong.” How could someone look so worried and so adorable at the same time?
“The contractions are getting closer now,” the younger Winchester piped in. “She will soon have to push.”
This time, the inducement would be celebration and not to think about what the future held for them.
It seemed, that Glynn wanted to respond with something like: “That’s nice,” but she ended up screaming in pain instead. The whole bunker shook so hard, that Dean had to join the others in their crouched down position.
As Cas also rose to his feet, Dean took a step back, what provided Cas with a look of confusion on his face.
When Cas got back after telling Dean to wait and closing the door in his face, he had his equally sleepy looking daughter in his arms. She seemed to fuss a little bit, but as soon as she saw Dean, she was smiling her sweetest smile and reaching her arms out to him.
He couldn’t lose them all. He couldn’t lose his daughter that he hadn’t even met yet, he couldn’t lose his brother, he couldn’t lose his… well, his angel. His lover. He really could not
Glynn asked: “Who is Jody” at the same time as Cas smiled wider at Dean and said: “Good idea”. The older Winchester’s frown grew, but after a few seconds he couldn’t suppress the urge to smile back at the angel any more. He hadn’t seen the other this happy in ages.
Dean cleared his throat as the waitress approached them and took their orders. Mia’s chanting of ‘potatoes, potatoes’ were accompanied by her banging the cat on the surface of the chair. Cas ordered her some mashed potatoes with carrots and got himself a cheeseburger, claiming, that these were made in heaven. Dean couldn’t suppress a grin at that, ordering the same.
"Now, how about this." Hooking a finger under Dean's alpha's chin, Zachariah made sure everybody was listening. "I spare both of your siblings, and they can live a happy and normal life." Dean rolled his eyes at the dramatic pause. "In exchange for a small signature from you, that ensures me your unconditional loyalty as well as the demons. What do you say?"
Cas went first, leaving Dean and Skylar to be in the middle and Sam behind them. There was a flash of light, like before when the older Winchester had been outside and it lit up hundreds of demons standing still on the field in front of the bunker.
Well, we have never gotten so easily in somebody’s bedroom, Deans mind supplied helpfully. He took a deep breath. He could do it.
“Eh, yeah, a paternity test will not be necessary, because…” Dean started again and tried to find a lie that was closest to the truth. “You, well, you can not tell this to anybody, I mean, they would not believe you anyways, but my department found some… extra-terrestrial technology, which we applied to my partner here. He now can analyse living objects to their genetical structure, and that is why he wanted to touch your stomach.”
Behind the angel Glynn let out an iron cutting cry, making all of the three men aware of the proximity of death.
"Yes, I'm sure," he replied instead and added, cheeks turning a little red without his consent. "And I had the great urge to- to please him and, ya know, stay close to him as soon as I smelled his scent. It was really intoxicating, and he told me mine was to him as well." His omega wanted to purr at that thought again.
"Imagine what little angel/demon babies they would have," Zachariah continued towards Crowley with the face of someone who just won the lottery, "I could raise them and make them worship me and the family business."
Still, he was getting more and more frustrated because besides of the constant eye fucking and the flirting there was nothing going on between him and Cas. He understood that the other man was still in a formal marriage and didn’t come to terms with his wife yet, but a guy desired and Dean caught himself accidentally yearning more than once.
"You didn't tell him?" she asked, clearly addressing Cas but it was Dean who shook his head mechanically. Wait, if Cas was in rut that would mean...
“I’m sorry,” Cas said but didn’t lean back. “I think I was… ashamed or something like that. I don’t want people to look at me as if they are sorry, because they shouldn’t be.”
Dean worked on the car and then drove to the auto shop for some paperwork. By the time he had to start to get Cas, the blue car had been repaired and was ready to go. Through his back mirror of the Impala, Dean could see the baby seat and felt wonderfully domestic.
“I’m sorry, I woke you up,” Dean said after he regained control over his bodily functions again. He looked at his feet, a strange wave of nervousness overcoming him. “I just wanted to know, if you wanted to come to kind of a neighbor meeting at my house. I mean, today it’s somehow just my family, but still…”
Instead of walking over, the three of them stayed behind the curtains and watched, Mary occasionally fidgeting with the buttons of Cas dress shirt. They observed as the Novaks climbed up the stairs to the porch, rang the doorbell and they also watched as they left twenty minutes later. Of course, not without looking into the dark windows and the backyard.
The frown that Cas displayed on his face at the other's words was something Dean wanted to get rid of forever.
“You want to tell me, your parents named you Roger Taylor?” Glynn asked and Dean couldn’t suppress a grin.
“Thank you for… saving me,” he manged to get out, while he clapped the other on the shoulder, in a way, he thought was appropriate between two male friends. Not as if anything they had done in the last five minutes was something like appropriate, but they could play it down and forget about it like they always did.
For a second he contemplated hiding in the bushes and just waiting for the end of his heat there, but they could last a few days, and he wouldn't want to be wearing any clothes, as he suddenly heard the bus approach. He hadn't even noticed it before, due to the haze his mind was starting to develop.
To his right, he spotted a very asleep Cas in a rocking chair, fully clothed with a children’s book in his lap and weird glasses askew on his nose. Dean took a deep breath at that sight, not wanting to disturb the peaceful picture, but guessing that Cas neck would be stiff tomorrow if he slept in this position all night. None of them was getting younger.
Bobby was a grumpy, but very nice elderly man and Dean was once again happy to work with him. If he heard that Dean referred to him as elderly though, he would probably not be that nice anymore and rip his throat out or something like that.
“Including cute bumpers with angels on them,” Alex said and laughed as she saw their faces. “You’ll see.”
“Skylar,” she said and it wasn’t louder than a whisper anymore. “Tell… Skylar Charlie Winchester, that… her mommy… loves her.”
There stood his alpha, pyjama bottoms on but no top or socks, hair ruffled in a way as if he just exited his bed and a three-day stubble on his cheeks. Then he looked up, and the light from outside fell on his face. His eyes, normally as blue as the sky were consumed by a deep alpha red and his pupils were expanded.
“I have mostly been with men in my life. I met some woman, that I found attractive, but they were very special and very few.”
“I… really don’t know how to do this.” Now it was on him to laugh a bit nervously. “Since my brother got engaged, I wanted to settle down. I really want kids and maybe marriage, but also a big house with a garden and stuff. I know a mostly gay guy is not what you are looking for, and I am very sorry, that I am not attracted to you, because you are beautiful.”
Dean nodded slowly. “Yeah, that makes sense. I mean, I don’t wanna seem, as if I’m trying to get rid of her, you know. I really don’t think things should stay like they are though, for the sake of everybody involved. I just don’t know how to explain this to Cas.”
The woman laughed, and something mad crossed her eyes. “What do we all want, Dean Winchester?” she asked and crooked her head. “But nobody can archive it with you two cockroaches in this world!” Then she lifted her arm and took a step in Dean’s direction.
"How are you feeling?" the omega asked, even if talking about one's emotions was a thing he really hated. Probably because he wasn't good at it.
“A lot more,” Sam answered for him. “They will all want to either kill or use the baby for their own purposes during its life. But we are here to protect it.”
"I am sorry for my outburst," he stated as he looked down and got to his feet. "It seems as if I am required at my next shift. They are cutting the staff, and I need the job."
"Out of your knowledge of the 'angel's' gang hierarchies, I must assume, that you're not just a random robber. Are you in the gang?" Why did that guy still not look afraid? Any sane person would be running like hell by now.
"No, our dad had some business with demons and angels both, and he dragged us into it," Sam revealed despite the death-threatening glare he received from his brother. To hell, if they had already gone this far, what did it matter now.
“What makes you think I’m chasing something?” she asked after just a moment and fluttered her eyelashes in a way that intended to attract her counterpart. Which was Dean Winchester. Which was the problem.
But instead of worrying about that, Dean examined a fold in the grey cladding of the back of the secret space he hadn't noticed before, probably because he had never tried to find an object his father had stolen from the greatest gang boss in the area. The fold was shaped like a C, and when he pulled at it to straighten it, the back wall loosened. 'That bastard' was everything Dean could think at that moment.
“It’s okay,” Dean said not fully automatic and tried to sit up more to be able to better catch the alpha’s expression. This seemed to pull something located on his back and he clenched his teeth together in pain. Damn, those stupid stitches.
Then suddenly, with a wave of his hand, every demon in sight started to hurl forwards towards the little family, bared teeth and black eyes.
“It's not her blood”, the angel said, looking down into the car, and it almost seemed that he was nervous. Suddenly the same feeling came forcefully back to Dean with a drop of his stomach. Their daughter. Their relationship. How was he gonna find the courage to say it.
“Our daughter is absolutely awesome,” Dean grinned and headed further towards the Impala. He knew that they should get going. No matter how many demons the little girl could hold of, she was probably getting tired and hungry and they all needed to rest.
But no matter what, they wanted the most possible normal life for the little girl, as none of them ever has had a real childhood. Maybe Glynn but she didn’t like to talk about her past especially about her mother, as Dean noticed.
The omega grinned at that, and a quiet chuckle escaped him. Who’d known you could win a war with words alone.
The second he heard it, Dean responded, even though he probably should have taken a moment to think beforehand. “Don’t worry Cas; I’m most certainly on the other bus.”
Now it was Sam’s turn to knit his brows together. He didn’t seem quite satisfied with the direction their conversation had taken. As if he had thought it would be easier to dance around the topic and still talk about it somehow.
“What the fuck,” he said once more for good measurement and turned around to enter the church to look for the alien girl. She was not there.
Dean just furrowed his brows; they had agreed that Crowley would talk first, and the omega still wanted to find out what this weird feeling was. Something shifted in the group behind Zack.
When they emerged from the bathroom, Sam pointedly didn't look up from the surveillance footage he was watching on his laptop. Skylar had fallen asleep in the middle of the younger hunters bed, and Dean picked her up to put her in the middle of his and Cas.
After that, Dean didn’t really remember much. He got his brother free and both of them to the car, but the spell must have been stronger than the times before, because he got the rest of the events from Sam’s notes.
“He just wants to help you,” Cas gravelly voice sounded crystal clear in his minds as if he was standing right next to him. The search for a faster cure had been exhausting and the thought of Dean still kind of dying set the younger Winchester on an edge, how he had stated himself.
He lightly tapped on the glass to not wake Mia, but still hard enough for Cas to suddenly jolt awake. As soon as he seemed to have comprehended where he was he seemed to see Dean through the window and his eyes went wide almost comically.
That couldn’t be it, Dean tried to think through the thick clouds in his head as he found himself on the floor, head pressed down, knees tight to the chest. He had no idea how he had gotten down there nor how to get up again.
Dean felt completely helpless. He didn’t know what to say to the woman who tried to push out his child, he couldn’t stop the angels outside or the stones that would be falling onto them soon. He could only let her squeeze his hand like she did right now, bone crushing but he was used to a lot stronger pain.
“All right, I think, Cas can show you your rooms, while I help Dean set up the table. Dinner almost ready?” he asked over at his brother who nodded, not paying much attention to him, but to the angel in the room.
What was wrong with him, returning to the crime scene after having robbed the place currently, not even knowing if the guy was even here. Was the chance of prison even worth it?
“With us probably meeting mom tomorrow evening, I just wanted for us to be... on the same page.” Damnit, why was this so stupidly hard? “Just, you know, what are we gonna tell her regarding... us. And Sky.”
Making sure they couldn't move or speak as soon they woke up and wouldn't be seen by somebody passing, the Winchester slowly made his way to the more enlightened part of the building, leaving the area were where a lot of big, dark objects were located which had been useful as hiding spots.
Sam sighted loudly, while apparently trying to rely his tense shoulders. “Yeah, let’s get some food. But please stop dying for a weak now okay?” He thought I would say no, Dean thought. Why did nobody believe in his will to live?
"Watch how your end is being signed, Crowley," Zachariah exclaimed dramatically as he handed over a pen to Castiel. Dean started to actually, physically sweat now despite the cold air that blew in from a broken garage door at the other end of the warehouse. How did his mate plan to get out of this mess after signing the contract? Even if they could contact Sam, Zack's people were probably , and Dean didn't see any chance on breaking it.
"Jerk," the other replied automatically their phrases that came the closest to a declaration of love between them. "Wait, what are you planning-"
“You probably know my kind, Dean Winchester.” The voice was dark and rumbling and the hunter was fanatically searching for a way out of this situation. “I am an angel of the lord!”
Dean took a deep breath, realizing that they already had made it to the hospital parking lot and for a moment thinking of all the turns and tosses his life had made for him to end up here.
"Your right foot is okay if you were wondering about that, just a few cuts from the... object, that seemed to have contained glass. By the way, you have them all over your backside along with a few second-degree burnings and now tell me: were you trying to kill yourself or what?" At the end of his speech, he was almost shouting, and Dean really hoped the nurses wouldn't hear him.
Dean reached out for his wife blindly and his fingers touched her enormous belly. Trying to pet it reassuringly, he actually felt one of his kids kicking him. He still couldn’t believe he was going to be a dad so soon, his babies already being so active all day and night.
“Anyhow they are in front of our only exit,” the younger hunter said with a sigh. “That means we can not escape, so we should probably get ready to fight.”
“I need you to keep… our daughter save.” Her voice was hoarse from all the crying and Dean could see pain starting to inflict her facial expression again.
Cas looked over his shoulder again and then suddenly smiled up at Dean. “Alright, but I have a conference on Monday. Tuesday would be better for me, I have a lunch break at 1 p.m.”
Lifting his head a little was a challenge for the omega, but he managed to look around the room and spot his giant of a brother in one of the white plastic chairs, sleeping. If the sasquatch was already here, Dean must have been under for at least a few days, and he didn't like the thought of that.
“I already like my niece,” Sam said and looked at Dean with hopeful puppy-dog-eyes. As if the hunter would decide now, that they would put the baby with somebody else or even kill her.
“Just stretching my legs,” Dean muttered and went over to the first bookshelf in the library. They hadn’t come up with a solution and their time was running out. Maybe he himself could go outside and distract the angels and demons so that the others could flee somehow. It wouldn’t be the first time he had sacrificed his life for the family.
There, on the screen, was a little baby, way too small to survive on her own, and she was moving. She was moving.
He tried to tell himself that this was what he had wanted. He had tried to get rid of Cas from the beginning, thinking of himself as not good enough for the other, but now that he got what he wanted it felt wrong.
Dean sat upright in the bed, started to load his gun with silver bullets from his duffle bag and spoke loud enough to wake Mary. “They’re probably coming for mom. And they’re gonna be here soon, so Cas is taking Sky out back, and you should gear up.”
"'M fine," Dean answered, but Cas knew by now that this verbal confirmation meant nothing and he raised a brow. "I will be better, okay? Stop worrying so much."
Dean sat on the edge of the car seat until Cas emerged from the front doors. His hair was messier than before and his clothes looked a little bit disheveled, but his appearance attracted Deans attention, nonetheless. Two students accompanied him and seemed to chat nonstop. Both girls had long blond hair and Dean could sense, that they tried to show Cas their physical attributes.
Cas nodded and Dean frowned. They had talked about this before, but the older hunter still didn’t like the decision they made. Of course, the bunker was a very safe space, but the safest thing, if there was immediate danger chasing you was to keep on track and always be one step ahead. Looking at the very pregnant woman in front of him, he had to admit, though, that calmness was the most important thing for her right now. After not dying.
They made their way to the church they had investigated earlier and in the light of the day it looked way less creepy. It was made out of white painted wood and had a few large windows.
Well, maybe more moose sized, Dean thought as he now slower limped towards his brother, who held the suspect down with his whole-body weight.
They finished their food and drove home talking about trivia like the weather and neighbors. Dean didn’t want to leave Cas, but he also wanted to meet Jo and make sure, that the babies were alright. When they separated at the place of their first meeting (Dean’s trash cans), Cas wishing of a nice evening was accompanied by a sad smile and Dean really wanted to hug him.
Before Dean could contemplate on that any longer, another human form appeared in the entrance hall behind Anna. The omega stopped breathing for a second.
"Actually that would be my brother Gabriel, but he has been missing for a while now. I only knew about our family's secret business when they told us at the funeral, and I think that's what had driven him away." Dean noticed with a fraction of his mind that Cas really needed to learn to express sadness or anger better while the rest was thinking about what could have been.
“I need to try and get things straight with Cas,” he said in a low voice. “Want to have everything settled before the babies come, alright?” He could see Jo nod in the dim light.
Maybe it was good, because it was possible that it was the last time Glynn saw her daughter. Dean really shouldn’t think about this, or the fact that he became like Sam and killed women with sex. But literally. He almost chuckled bitterly at that but could suppress it in the last second.
Something about the way she said that seemed odd and Dean looked over at his favourite angel catching him looking guiltily at the ceiling. They definitely had to talk about this later.
"Uh, yeah I'm sorry I," Dean stammered and tried to avoid breathing too much because he could suddenly scent big waves of the most wonderful smell wafting over to him. "I just wanted to see if you're okay."
“I think, our life is not made for human children. There is a difference you have to admit.” The angels very straight face didn’t give away any fears or hidden feelings he could have had about going to father a real life being, exactly like a Winchester. And if that didn’t equally make Dean proud and scare him, he wouldn’t be John’s son.
“All right,” the older hunter said and leaned a little bit into Cas space, maybe to calm himself down. “What do we do now with this weird guy, who believes he is the chosen one? We can’t keep him here, the angel or whatever, who is connected with him will get suspicious.”
At that, Dean told Cas the rest of the drive, how he managed to buy himself into the company of Bobby Singer and how they were running it together now. Dean had many improvements in mind already and the older man was happy to give away some of the responsibility.
While Sam looked kind of impressed, probably at the knowledge his brother had, Cas jumped in with an explanation. He was half crouched down next to Glynn now and had a hand on her shoulder, as she bit herself through the next wave of pain.
The tiny creature on the blurred black and white picture seemed to shake her fist at them after Glynn returned with it.
At the first mention of his mom, Cas had apparently looked up and was beside Dean at the end of the sentence.
“Dean, great, I hope you are in a movable condition.” There was definitely a bitchface on his face, clearly audible through his voice. “I went out to get coffee and breakfast and met Michael in the bakery.”
It was as if everything was wrapped in cotton as if honey was floating in every place, that was normally filled by air, as Dean turned his head to look at his brother and the little bright half human being in his arms.
Crowley, a man, who was a little short to be a typical beta, but coped with it by wearing black suits and being a ruthless son of a bitch, emerged from his conversation with some higher ranked drug dealers. He mimicked for Dean to follow him into his office, which the omega took as a good sign since the King of Hell usually loved to scold people in front of everybody.
“Jo,” he said and took both her hands in his. There was a hint of pink on her cheeks, but she didn’t seem as flattered by his charm as everyone else. In fact, she didn’t even look like she wanted to undress him, which was very good for his newly forming plan.
Still, the hunter was no chicken, he told himself. It couldn’t be as hard as fighting monsters and preventing the apocalypse together for so many years.
Dean almost rolled his eyes. He had probably paid those debts a long time ago already, he had risen to be the second in command after all, but of course, Crowley didn't want to lose his best employee.
Dean decides to invite Cas to meet his family and the angels-but-not-angels family secrets are slowly revealed.
Someday he wanted to have Cas slowly undressing in front of his eyes, enjoying each bit of skin that was revealed, but this time both of them grew too needy too fast. When their naked erections touched, the alpha, who usually seemed to be a very calm and outbalanced person, cursed under his breath and if that wasn't a gigantic turn on.
“Ah, yes, agent…?” “Taylor, nice to meet you.” They shook hands and Dean could feel her lingering for a moment too long, as if she was flirting. She probably was. “But you can call me Rog.”
Six months, in which Cas decided he could no longer live in the big silent house, that would always remind Mia of not being allowed to laugh and the darkness in the lower floor. As he brought up the topic of moving on some Saturday family meeting, Jo and Dean decided with a look, that they could stay in the spare bedroom as long as they wanted to.
“We lured you in a trap, blinded you and your angel so you wouldn’t notice you were producing heavens new weapon and you want to tell me “you didn’t notice”? I have to admit it was quite inconvenient, that our stupid fanatic brother wanted to kill the child and made you aware of it, but under the correct guidance it will still be very useful to the forces of heaven.”
The green grass of his backyard needed a cut and the empty brown space to the left of Dean reminded him, that he had wanted to plant some vegetables to teach his kids about gardening one day. Since they hadn’t been living in a house with a garden when he had been a child himself, he wanted to give his children everything he had missed out.
They got to the house of the childminder pretty quickly and Dean waited in the car until father and daughter had said their goodbyes. He heard Mia through the open window, telling his daddy that she would cook soup for him, in a way that was really impressive for an eighteen-month-old child.
What was he doing here? This guy was married and had just told him, that his wife was sick and instead of comforting him, Dean took advances of his situation by tricking him into an intimate position.
“Okay, yes,” Dean said, and the angel’s eyes widened at that, as if he had expected the other to fight a little bit more first. Yeah, he couldn’t really hold that before him, could he.
“He is, well, he has learned a lot of human ways in the past years.” Dean knitted his brows together. Cas sometimes acted so humanly that it was scary. Then, other times, he didn’t understand, that something was a gift when it was meant as one and why the hell Dean kept insisting on wearing a towel while walking back from the shower to his room.
For the birth, Glynn wanted to make sure, that the baby girl as laying in the right position, so Cas came up with the idea of an ultra sound. If something weird came up, they could delete the doctor’s memory, at least try it and that was enough for the three people, who lived under the same roof as Dean. He was overly sceptical about everything, that could provide at least a little risk, and he knew that, but he couldn’t suppress the feeling of danger all around them.
“I’m fine, I’m fine”, she reassured them as Sam looked her up and down as well. She looked over at Cas, who hadn't left his side of the impala, even though he was standing in the middle of the road.
“What do you get out of this?” Jo asked very skeptically. Dean could understand her feelings after all. First, he rejected her and then he asked if he could help her.
Speaking of gifts, Claire and Jody announced, that they had forgotten something in the car after dinner and Alex grinned widely from Dean to Cas and back. It made the hunter very uncomfortably since he didn’t have time to shake of the earlier conversation with his brother.
“That’s me,” a slim guy in his twenties said and stood up. The girl next to him, as Dean noticed rose her eyebrows and tried to hide a grin. In her case the older Winchester wouldn’t have believed his eyes either. The FBI, the facility they probably were the most sceptic towards, finally paid them attention and then because somebody of them claimed to have seen a creature, that was not even typical alien. She had nice blue eyes, though. For a crazy person.
The alpha opened his mouth to say something when Sam got back to the room with three steaming cups in his hands. Of course, Dean only got herbal tea.
“Yeah, I’m fine,” Dean tried to say, but he was cut off by the warm feeling of his bones being healed and his skin closing.
But that must have been his imagination, Dean thought as he reached his front door. Why should Cas be sad to leave him and/or to go home?
“Den, Den,” Mia laughed in her little baby voice until she suddenly stopped and anxiously looked in the direction of the hidden parts of the house. Cas shrugged his coat on and gave her a kiss to the nose, but he didn’t say anything to her strange behavior.
Dean really tried to sleep that night. He lay in bed next to Jo because she had been feeling hormonally charged for the last few days. Also, he really liked to have a warm body next to him when he woke up the next morning but he would never admit that out loud. Blinking at the ceiling he kept thinking of Cas and his wrongly placed guilt, though.
Suddenly he was sitting in a diner, and his favourite angel was opposite of him. “Dean,” he said again with his gravelly voice. “You are dying, and Sam just got me in time.” During his last words his facial expression turned into a frown.
“Castiel has been talking a lot about you.” She smiled understandingly now, and Dean felt his cheeks heat up in embarrassment. “He has been visiting you in the hospital for a few weeks now, and I got curious,” she explained and shrugged. “But he hasn’t been in, at least a few days, asked me to take a few of his shifts. I can give you his address though.”
There was something weird happening between the two not-wholly-human beings when Cas started to talk soothingly in Enochian again. It seemed as if the little girl was talking back to the angel through her eyes as she stared at him fascinated.
“So where was I,” he started again and looked out of the window beside him. The parking lot outside reminded him of the bar where he met Jo. He started to tell Cas about his previous life on the roads and how much he had felt that something was missing. He told him about the night he met his beautiful wife, saw something flicker through Cas eyes, that he couldn’t identify clearly and explained how their interest had matched each other.
As the other didn't do anything further, Dean got up and limped over to him secured by the table, as blue eyes followed his every movement. He held out his hands wordlessly, and Cas took them, letting himself being pulled out of his chair. They stood in front of each other, both wondering looks on their faces until Dean slowly leaned in and captured the shorter man's lips.
Dean shook his head to get it clear. “So, what now?” he asked and looked around to locate himself. He had no idea how he got here.
“It’s only for a moment, Dean,” the voice in his head reassured him, because, of course, he had heard everything again. “I can travel back to the bunker with you.”
A lot of people in the room looked at the floor; maybe they should have told Jody and the girls about the fact, that the mother most probably wouldn’t survive the birth. They had thought about it, but they had wanted to keep the festivity as light as possible.
“I’m Dean.” He held out his hand and she took it. Her hand was warm and tiny, and Dean wished her long, blond her could have twisted his head. It hadn’t.
It was weird, because before he had always been able to give his life for somebody, presumably his brother, but this time his life was what he needed to keep. If he wanted to try this whole mate thing with Cas, he needed a more regular income to keep him safe, since he wasn't being protected like Sam.
Dean entered the shabby looking diner and waved at Benny, who was not only their getaway driver but also an excellent cook.
“I don't need to brush my teeth”, Cas noted after the hunter had closed the door of the small bathroom behind them. The tiles were awfully yellow, but at least there didn't seem to be any mould in the shower. Dean couldn't suppress a chuckle this time, but instead of waiting for his angel to become angry with him, he gripped him by the shoulders and kissed him again.
“I got a little bit of boiled water from the coffee machine at Walmart,” Sam uttered from behind Dean. He had already placed a baby bottle, a package of white powder and a few cups with lits on them on the roof of the Impala. “They should be cold enough by now.”
There was a long silence after that and it was only interrupted by Mia, flickering through a baby book and babbling nonsense.
“I don't think so.” Cas furrowed his brow, lowering himself onto the bed and touching his daughter's forehead with two fingers. “Because I can't, and our grace is pretty similar. I don't know, though, what happens if she uses her powers again.”
They were staring in silence at each other for some time, only interrupted by cries of pain from the other room and Dean wondered if the voices in his head could overcome them in volume.
The first time they went shopping for the mother and the little girl, Dean purchased five books on pregnancy and babies with the fake credit card. To his brother’s and maybe as well the angel’s surprise, he read them all in the following night. Since they got knowledge of the upcoming birth, the older Winchester felt as if everything was crumbling down around him and time was running out. As usual.
She was astoundingly beautiful. The hunter hadn’t noticed, that he was crying until a tear fell on her little face, that was now regarding him with curiosity. As if to ask, what is wrong. As if to ask, how can I help?
Dean’s hands, first shyly staying on Cas face wandered to his neck and tug at the others gorgeous hair. The sound the shorter man made at that was almost pornographic and Dean tried to remember why he came here but failed.
It was eight hours later when Dean pulled into the motel's parking lot just outside of Pontiac, Illinois. It was weird to know that they couldn't go home, almost as if the last year's in the bunker had been taken away, and they had to live on the road again. But maybe they could find something else until Sky was old enough to defend herself or all of heaven and hell had forgotten about her, the latter being a rather unlikely scenario.
“And if you really had… intercourse with that lady,” the angel started and seemed to look anywhere in the close distance but at Dean, “than I must have also been there and that means the child is not human.”
When it came to be Cas turn to tell about his family, Dean got a little distracted by the way the other's lips moved and how he folded his legs under himself, not wearing any shoes. What he caught was that the alpha had a gigantic family, but a lot of them had died a few years ago in a car crash while Cas had been in college, what had made him decide to come back here. He had one brother left, Gabriel, who didn't like to be bound to one place and a sister Anna, who was still in high school and who he tried to support now by working in the fuel station.
Dean turned around at that and stared at the angel. He didn’t want to show so many feelings, he didn’t want to have more people he could lose, because everybody he was close to had the tendency to die early. Nevertheless, this case was lost already anyhow, why not dig your grave a little bit deeper.
When he didn't move as he was fully seated inside of Dean, the omega patted his hair and tried to wiggle his hips despite his immobile leg. "Please," he murmured, and the alpha who lifted his head had a red ring around his iris.
Then Cas put the empty bottle down, said something again and Skylar turned her baby blue eyes to Dean.
A smile crept into the blue-eyed man’s face after a brief moment of studying the expressions of his counterpart. That made the tension ease out of Dean’s shoulders, because a part of him was still worried, that Cas didn’t want to be with him.
The first thought that came to the omega after having overcome the initial shock was that his alpha had betrayed him. That he had been in contact with his uncle all the time and had just gotten to know Dean to get the Colt. But how would he have known that the demons would rob the shop that day? And wouldn't he just have to demand the Colt from Dean since he was his true alpha? Why hadn't he already done that?
“I like it when you kiss me”, the angel said absolutely deadpan, and the hunter had to look up at that just to see his friend smirk. His boyfriend? His lover?
They shared an amused smile, and Dean asked himself for what felt like the hundredth time this evening, why, oh why he couldn’t be attracted to this woman. It would solve both their problems. It would be so easy, but easy didn’t fit in Deans life apparently.
"What's with him?" he asked even if he actually really didn't want to know. It couldn't be anything good.
They agreed on a weekend in two weeks from that point and Dean already planned on what he would cook and if he should bake a pie for that occasion. Lucky for him he had an angel advising him and even if the other couldn’t really taste the food that was given to him, he knew everything about where it came from and what other people said about it.
“Let’s get Mia into the travel crib, that we secretly mostly bought to keep a look at the babies while we are downstairs, sounds good?” Cas nodded again and Dean set everything up, placing the other on the couch and making tea for the both of them. After he comforted her for another five minutes, Mia finally fell asleep again and her father lay her down into the crib.
Dean handed Mia to Cas and let him show how to put her in the car seat. They got into the car and the moment the motor started, Dean couldn’t hold back anymore. He really didn’t want to sound strange, but something inside of him had to ask this question.
“No offense, Cas, but I need a few hours for myself.” Yeah, to bathe in your denial and to drown your sorrows in alcohol and low cleavages. The angel didn’t reply. Well, fuck, that did sting, but whatever.
The alpha scent was still there, and it made everything seem as if in a haze and too bright and in focus at the same time.
“Don’t you understand? The child will be the heir of the Winchester line and at the same time the offspring of a very powerful seraph,” the unknown angel hissed as if this should be clear. “It will be a vessel, that can hold any angel, no matter how strong and can be a forceful weapon on its own. I would have supposed that you had wondered why we took so much effort in creating an offspring of yours.”
“I’d love to,” Cas said as if he just heard Deans thoughts and wanted to make fun of him. “But I need to bring Mia, she just got of her nap and wants to color all her books at once.” His grin showed Dean what a proud father he was and made him love him even more.
They were staying together. They needed to stay together, no matter what. No lone sacrifices no more, no stupid suicide missions. No one of them should die for the other but live with them even if this was the way more complicated and terrifying way.
"Why didn't you-" Dean started and licked his lips. He needed to try harder, but he didn't even know what he actually wanted to ask. "Why didn't you tell me?" was what he settled on.
Dean leaned forward and saw the angel’s bright blue eyes widening. A soft wind caught in their jackets and Cas only looked down at the older Winchesters mouth for one second, but it was enough of a reassurance.
After about fifty steps, the hunter got irritated by the fact that no demon seemed to reach them, even if they were supernatural creatures, meant to be faster and stronger than humans, and turned around.
“That explains a lot,” Sam said, sitting on a chair in their motel room, stretching out his long legs. He had shown up at Glynn and Kates flat the moment the two other men had emerged from it and they had filled him in on the way.
Wait, love? Did he really just think this for the first time in front of Cas, while trying to have a conversation with him? He was so screwed.
Cas immediately bowed down again and said something in Enochian, but it had been obvious what age the person was they wanted her to meet. Mary was at the angel's side before Dean could decide on what to do. Her eyes widened before she bowed down again, and when both of them straightened, Cas held Skylar in his arms, and Dean still hadn't moved.
With that, Glynn set on her face an expression of determination, Dean had only seen on hunters facing their upcoming, incredibly painful death and grit her teeth together.
There was no way this guy could be his perfect match, hell, there was no way he could be the perfect match for anybody. He knew he was nice for an occasional one night stand, but he was sure nobody would want to be bonded to him for life.
This train of thoughts made the Winchester feel rather lonely as soon as he arrived at the gas station and maybe he would call his only family in the evening, just to make sure the guy was okay.
He shoved the voice aside, that told him, that this couldn’t be enough. That he would want more one day. That one day Jo would come up with some other dude, that she wanted to marry and to live with, what was of course totally understandable. That Jo would leave, like everything in his life had always left, because he had moved away or somebody died.
"It won't- Yes, of course, it won't happen again." Crowley had started to shout again, and Dean tried to block him out as much as possible. The guy just needed to get it out from time to time but else he was a great boss most of the time. The omega would even almost go as far as calling him a friend, a weird one, but still.
“She’s one and a half, but already talks as if she was two,” he said proudly. “I should probably head inside, we had problems with the car and she had to be in bed like an hour ago.” To Dean, it seemed like the other man also didn’t want to leave this conversation, but he must be dreaming already.
At the high school parking lot, he thrummed his fingers on the steering wheel. Now that he had a plan, he got a little bit nervous, despite the fact, that he had done this on numerous occasions.
They threw a big house-warming party with some of Sam’s and Jo’s friends and some neighbors they had met in the last two months.
Glancing over into Cas eyes, he saw that the other had wide eyes, and if the angel had really learned how to cry, Dean was sure, there would also be tears glistening in the blue orbits.
Involuntary, Dean started to grin at that and was grateful, that his back was turned to his angel. The angel.
As they arrived the older Winchester fell again in his usual cooking routine. The vegetables had to be fried a little bit before he could start the sauce and he heard Sam clatter with the plates.
Dean heart multiple people in the room screech but most of his thoughts were on Cas and their daughter. He hoped they had made it out unharmed and were far away by now.
"Alright, I quote: True Mates is a pair of an alpha and his omega, for who the act of mating is unavoidable. The two of them will feel a great pull towards each other, blah, blah. Ah, this sounds like it: Within certain proximity, the pair will always be able to scent each other, even if disguised. Upon being mated, each party will always be able to locate the other and in rare cases know about their wellbeing. Eh, well, and this one: As soon as the omega smells their true mate for the first time, they will know, since they will want to please the other in any possible way. The alpha will know because the omega will listen to whatever they say immediately." Dean swallowed hard.
“I really appreciate the warm welcome, dear uncle,” Cas said without an ounce of warmth in his voice, and a shiver ran down Dean’s spine. He hadn’t known his mate could sound this cruel, and it made him quite glad not to be the one addressed. “For what I will tell you now,” he spoke to everybody in the room, “I’ll have you to know that my dear uncle, Zachariah, killed my parents as well as all of my siblings who weren’t alphas or in other ways not suitable for the position I inherit now just a few years ago.” Castiel paused there, for a second, and it seemed as if nobody even dared to breathe.
Dean had the sudden urge to go over and hug the other but he wasn’t sure if that was a good idea and before he could think about it more, the baby in his arms started to wail again. Oh, right, she was probably hungry.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean said after a few moments of being speechless and fighting with happy tears again. “I…,” he started and cleared his throat. Suddenly he remembered how they parted last night.
“We should try to get out of here,” Sam voiced and one could almost smell the gears rattling in his head. “We just need to get to the Impala, maybe I can-“
The first time it had happened like this, they had been in the middle of a research for a possible angel related sighting a few towns over. Sam, without looking up from his laptop, had asked a kind of long question about leaving traces of grace on humans or animals and Dean had registered very fast, that this was directed to Cas. So, he told the angel to open his ears, if he didn’t want to piss of Sam.
"Did someone step onto your tie?" Dean asked even if he knew he shouldn't. Provoking people who were more powerful than he was, was a thing that always let to more trouble.
When they reached the impala, Cas exited it, furrowed brows and all. Before he could ask, though, how it went or whatever, a familiar voice sounded from their left.
After a few seconds of bathing in the peace and happiness, having been with Cas caused in him, Dean decided to call Benny and ask him to get him. The beta reacted quickly and only half an hour later, Dean was unlocking the trunk of his baby with Benny watching the busy street nearby.
Everything in himself screamed at him and went wonderfully quiet at the same time. Alpha. Mate. Home. Submit.
Sam laughed loudly at him and then stood up to go to the kitchen, probably to get more beer from the fridge.
“Nothing she could have said or found out would be something supernatural, that the baby couldn’t deal with.” It all made sense now. The angel hadn’t insisted on taking Glynn to the doctor to confirm the right position of the little girl; he had done it to reassure her and calm her down. And probably to allow her to see the baby a last time.
Glynn’s face didn’t even need seconds to turn from disbelievingly and angry to a wide eyed but knowing expression. The hunter couldn’t suppress the proud feeling at the angel next to him only needing a split moment to hide his.
“Nobody will use my daughter in any way,” Dean almost shouted because apart from the lightning, a sudden wind had picked up.
He turned around slowly, noticing the scent first, which was still as amazing as it had been a week ago. It infiltrated his brain like a drug he hadn’t known he was addicted to. Then he stared into bright blue eyes, and it was as if the world around them had paused for a moment, just like it had during the robbery. At least he wasn’t on the floor this time.
Even Cas looked irritated at him at that. “Dean, you do remember that we researched about them for a long time”, he said in this tone he used when he thought the hunter was just pretending to be stupid and he didn't get the joke.
"It tells me to get to know you," Cas simply stated and stared into the other eyes with his blue gaze not blinking once. Dean had to look away after some time because he couldn't stand the tension.
“Dean,” Cas started again and the hunter didn’t want to admit that he closed his eyes because he loved it so much when the other said his name like that. “I know you are… scared of being a parent. After all that had happened with Ben and Lisa. But I think, if I manage the supernatural part and you the human one, we could actually give this child a good childhood and a passable future.”
Lying on the floor, trying to push the werewolf on top of him away, Dean could see on his left that Mary was unconscious and got lifted up by two werewolves. One lay dead at their feet. Sammy was still fighting, but he was already on his knees, having lost his knife. It was not looking good, and that was not only because blood was clouding the hunter's field of view.
„Yeah, I know, I know“, Dean reassured him and looked down at their daughter who was watching them intently. „You still need to recharge so maybe, just, you know, close your eyes and meditate?“
"Dean, what are you doing, you need to rest. Your mate is arriving soon." Dean wanted to strangle his brother but couldn't get up. "I'll call a nurse for some morphine," he added, and the omega was thankful for like a second or something.
That was why Dean decided to call Sam the next morning. If he had only two days left to live he definitely had to kind of tell his brother that he was important to him and also to look out for Cas and Anna if something happened to him that was worse than last time.
“All right, all right,” Dean said when Cas was looking over to them from where he was stepping out of his dress pants. Very weird way of seeing your… love interest naked for the first time. Or, well, technically, if you counted the time the angel had been a little crazy and covered in bees...
The jumpers, that had been promised were plainly adorable. There was one with little angel wings on the back and one with a plumb looking chubby angel baby on the chest, what made Cas frown. That again made the others laugh more as they cooed over the cute baby clothes.
"I need some time." Dean licked his lips again and could taste the alpha as he drew a deep breath through his mouth. "I need to think about this, maybe google some, ya know?"
“Darling, we already talked about this,” her dad Cas said, crouching down at her eye level as if she was a kid. Well technically she was, but still.
“That’s actually a long story”, Dean said at the same time the angel said, “Dean and I.” Mary’s eyes would probably touch the ceiling soon.
"No, I actually wanted to talk about your old man." Dean almost choked on his own spit but regained his composure quickly.
After a short drive they arrived at something called Black Canyon Motel, what Dean eyes suspiciously. Not that he was too much of a pussy for these kinds of places now, but when he closed his eyes, he always just saw his memory foam mattress in his own four walls.
"No, can't say it like that," Dean mumbled to himself as he limped up and down his living room in a pacing manner. He had called Cas immediately after the talk with his brother, but the guy was working and wasn't free until late afternoon.
"Dean Winchester," Zachariah exclaimed as he straightened himself as if he hadn't expected him. Crowley looked rather grim, being held in check by guns but Dean couldn't find Benny and hoped he had stayed home.
“Maybe, I’d like to celebrate this day every year,” the angel muttered so silently, that Dean almost didn’t hear him. “It’s a really beautiful day.”
In time with the younger Winchester catching up with the two others, his brother had turned the warrior mode full on.
Dean briefly recalled Sammy saying ‘So, get this’ a few times and some talk about disappearing organs. “Well,” he started but Sam interrupted him quickly.
The next hours happened in a blur for Dean. He primarily stumbled into his house, surprised to find his wife sitting calmly in his armchair, the hospital bag in her lap. After hurling her into his Baby, not even thinking about the strains this maneuver could leave on his beloved leather seats, he dialed Sam’s number even though it was just the beginning and it was in the middle of the night. He let Jo talk to her, being to occupied with driving and not freaking out.
In front of him stood his angel. Not like those other dicks, that operated under Zack, but like a person who seemed to have a halo floating above his head.
Of course, he called Sam first thing after work. Since his new start with Jo, the two brothers had grown even closer together, and Dean really has needed a second opinion on how to approach Cas. He desperately wanted the dark-haired man to know, that Dean didn’t think badly about him.
Leaving the garage, the older Winchester just listened to the others talking about the car and memories it provided for all of them. Since Glynn would probably leave her only child with them, if she died, she wanted to make sure, that she knew every single happy story they had to tell and she didn’t even cringe when they also told her some of the numerous sad ones.
He only noticed, the tears were dripping down his face, when Cas grabbed his hand from next to him and squeezed it tightly. Sam’s hand came down on his shoulder from the other side and he tried so hard to hold it together but failed completely.
As they watched one of her tiny hands curled itself into a fist, as if she was saying: “I can fight, dad, don’t worry.” As she also kicked her foot and then moved her head as if to crook it to the side, Dean lost it.
Glynn was clutching Cas trench coat tightly while she bent forward over her large stomach, holding it and scrunching her face in pain.
Five days later Dean watched from behind his curtains as a petite,  brunette woman exited a big black Jeep. She wore a boring grey blazer, plain Jeans and black boots and while she walked up the stairs to Castiel’s porch, her gait was confident and certain. This had to be Mia’s aunt then.
“Okay, what-“ the hunter began but was cut of. “Dean, before you say anything, I want to remind you, that you woke up in your motel bed that night and didn’t remember how you got there. Maybe she is not that crazy,” Cas reasonably voiced and Dean wanted to admit that, but that would have meant, that the woman was pregnant with his kid and that was… that…
Dean wanted to ask, what he meant by that, but he had made the mistake to look down at Cas mouth. Oh, those gorgeous lips. He knew his gaze lingered there for too long and when he looked up into the other man’s eyes again he imagined he saw an unspoken question there. Unconsciously, he leaned in a bit, never averting his gaze from those blue orbits.
They found her as the heir of some weird, hippie witches clan, that mostly relied on vegan sources for their spells, but was also aware of their fellow specie’s work. Of course, she didn’t want to talk to them at first. Dean would also not want to talk to her if the roles were reversed; he liked his life mostly witch free.
“Our life is not made for kids,” Dean retorted even though he wanted to stay silent to make Cas shut up. For a few minutes it was silent after that and it made the hunter yearn to know what was going on in the others head.
"I don't care." He said it with so much sincerity, without missing a beat, that Dean was stuck with staring at him again.
“I never understood your human’s fascination with the date of birth and celebrating it every year,” the angel said in a very Cas like manner, crooking his head to the side. His pupils were dilated and there was a smile on his lips. Cute, Dean let himself think instead of suppressing it as usual.
"I'm not the same person I was created as," Dean still tried to argue but he began to understand that the other was about as stubborn if not more than he was. "I changed since birth, ya know?"
Cas just chuckled at first. Was he making fun of the omega? But he sounded so genuinely happy, that Dean couldn't find himself being offended.
"Okay, I'm gonna set this straight," Dean took another deep breath gathering everything he had ever learned from his favourite show, Dr Sexy MD. "I don't wanna spend another day not mated with you."
Everybody turned towards him as a reaction to his entrance, as if they had expected to hear from their guards or at least see him shown in constrained or in cuffs.
The older hunter couldn’t help but chuckle and then look over at the rest of the Winchester family, who seemed to have understood as well.
"No, I wasn't," Dean tried to find an excuse but couldn't so he decided to drag a hand over his face, what resulted in some pain in his back. "I was just savin' Crowley's ass, ya know. The angels wanted to prove a point or something."
“I would argue that I’m too young to be a grandma but she is wonderful”, Mary all but whispered down at her. “What’s... What's her name? Wait how old is she? And who's the mother?”
“I can, but I’ll be happier to sleep in a separate room soon”, the younger brother answered and closed his laptop. “By the way, a few of the cameras outside the bunker are still working. My fantastic niece actually knocked out all of the demons and probably the angel, which is why we haven't heard from them. I really hope they can't detect her.”
But this was too good for them. No, Dean though, Cas and especially Sam deserved to have this happy life, if that was what they dreamed of. But all the innocent people he had killed, when he had been evil in any way, all the lives he had destroyed.
For a few second Dean stared unbelievingly at a very anxious looking Cas and an almost sleeping Mia. Then he embraced them both in a very tight hug.
If it was true what Sammy was saying about Cas… But it couldn’t be, Cas was, well, Cas. Dean scrunched up his face, at the thought. Cas was a lot more than just something if that made sense to anyone, and maybe he didn’t understand human concepts a few years ago but now he certainly did and it made a little glow of hope raise in the hunter’s chest.
It was a little bit awkward, as it was evident that Cas hadn't done that often, and neither of them with men, but the hunter soon realised that he never wanted to stop. The angel's lips were still wonderfully warm and Dean really needed to get closer. When he opened his mouth and angled his face a little bit, the other gasped.
The first one to look up was Cas and a smile displayed itself on his face at the sight of the hunter. Despite the situation, Dean’s heart seemed to pick up a speed twice as fast as before.
"Oh god, I'm so sorry Dean, I didn't mean to," the alpha stammered and seemingly tried to separate their bodies a little, at which the omega in Dean whimpered. Fucking whimpered.
Of course, that was the moment, the annoying little brother chose to burst into the room. He frowned but didn’t comment on Dean’s fast movement of withdrawing his hand and turning back around to the stove.
“Did she come back?” Dean asked and was painfully reminded of his own stay with his dad, while Sammy had gone to College, to get out of the hunting life.
They didn’t say anything the whole time and they didn’t need to. Dean knew how Cas still missed his family but could not endure any more discussions about his life or how he lived it wrongly. And Cas knew that Dean knew.
"You shouldn't want to get to know me, Cas. I'm a criminal." He said the last part as quiet as possible since there could always be somebody listening. "I have threatened you with a gun. And a knife."
The other seemed to be younger, but Dean had a lifetime of training and he almost caught him when they turned the corner to the front gate. The moment he ran through the open gate though, he made the mistake of looking back and was tackled to the ground by an almost bear sized creature.
“What’s the problem with the car?” he asked. “I actually own half of an auto shop and I can probably help.”
Regarding their situation, he should probably wait until the little girl was born so the others could move easier.
"We'd find a way," Cas just whispered back, his expression slowly shifting from sadness to wonder. His eyes roaming over Dean's face as if to search for any possible complaint about his following actions, the alpha slowly leaned in himself.
A shiver ran down the omega's spine as he wrapped his arms around Cas waist to pull him closer. The alpha lifted his hands and carded them through the hair of Dean's neck, and they synchronously deepened the kiss.
He didn’t know what it was, maybe these words, the absurdity of the situation or the face the other made, Dean just couldn’t keep it in anymore. He felt how whole-heartedly laughter bubbled up his chest, in a way he hadn’t felt since he was a kid.
While Dean was sitting there in this crappy bar, thinking about his screwed-up life, somebody let himself down on the barstool next to his.
He just couldn’t suppress the grin, that was spreading across his face, as he looked at the tiny child. She seemed very fragile and Dean tried to imagine what his own children would look like soon. The warmth that was spreading across his chest at that thought was different from when he looked at Cas but it was still very dominant.
With a swift motion, he placed himself in his alpha's lap where he started to grind down onto the other's erection, while never breaking lip to lip contact. It was like a drug but worse, and Dean felt himself slick and crave for more.
“I’m sorry, am I interrupting anything?” Sam’s voice suddenly piped up, his head carefully piped through the now open door. When both men shook their heads, the giant entered the room and patted Dean’s healthy leg.
Her flat was on the fourth floor of an open building, where the corridors were more like long balconies. It looked a little bit like a motel and Dean wondered who wanted to live in such a place. But of course, he wasn’t in the position to say anything.
“No,” Glynn shook her head. “And after I left my parents to begin my own life, I started to believe in the story I had made up to cope with her vanishment as a child. Now I, of course, know, that the extra-terrestrial beings have wings and a halo.” She grinned and Dean had no other choice than to join in. Cas would vehemently deny of having a halo if he was here right now and even Glynn knew that.
Dean knit his brows together. Maybe that was, why nobody really had chased the baby yet. Without a leader those feathery asses were almost useless and hell probably had the same problem.
There didn’t seem to be any recognition of the upcoming of a Nephilim in heaven and also nobody seemed to know, why these two angels had been there, back then when the little Winchester was conceived.
It was late in the evening the next day, and Dean wanted to introduce her to her granddaughter, who was staring at him right now as if she knew of his impatience and nervousness.
The Winchesters return home and then have to find a way to help Cas wife. Dean also gets nervous again, but Cas won' have any of his bullshit, of course.
The angel of Dean’s choice held out his hand in a manner of getting up assistance and hell, why shouldn’t the hunter take it. It was not as if the warm touch of a hand would make him admit his feelings out loud.
"I'm fine," Cas said, seemingly slowly coming to his senses and blinking the alpha red away fully but still staring at the other. "I'm not in rut. Anymore, I mean."
Dean contemplated for a second of what to tell the others, especially if Cas was around. But maybe this was exactly what he needed to do to make the other understand that he wasn't good enough for him.
“I have a room in a motel just out of town”, Mary Winchester said, looking at none of them but at her granddaughter. “You can follow me.” She pointed to an old blue pick up truck with the word “Chevrolet” written on the back, and this time it was Deans turn to raise his eyebrows.
Now he was trying to figure out how to break this news to the alpha without revealing that he was putting himself in one last dangerous situation to get Cas out of harm's way for good. And 'let's mate, or we'll die' didn't seem to be a good choice of words for that.
The moment Cas ducked down for the lady angel’s blade to slide past his throat by centimetres, Dean thought, this is going to be it. Again. But this time Cas would die with him and that was not something he could let happen. Then the lady lunged to make her final strike.
"I'm sorry, that it was awful," the alpha said, and it seemed as if he meant it. His eyes were full of remorse and guilt, but Dean was glad he couldn't detect any pity in them nor in the other's scent. He had spent a lot of his life being pitied by others, and he couldn't say it was something he liked.
To get themselves ready, Dean took Glynn’s left hand, while Sam was still rubbing her back on the other side. She only had her shirt on, but none of the men seemed to care. The older hunter noticed, that the blanket beneath the soon-to-be mother of his child was wet and a little red and shot a panicked look at his brother.
“Wait, Dean, hold on.” There were some muffled sounds in the background and the sound of a phone being set on speaker. “Did I just understand you correctly? You, my big brother Dean, want to talk to me about your feelings? For the second time already? What did this guy do to you?”
There were her daddies, her mom, her big sister Mia, her slightly younger brother Billy, uncle Sam, aunt Jess, cousins Henry and Deanna, uncle Bobby and Charlie from the other side of the road with her girlfriend Dorothy.
They were currently sitting in the Impala, parked in front of Glynn’s and Kate’s flat and Dean had the first shift of observation. Of course, they could easily let Cas do all of it since he didn’t need to sleep, but both of the hunters felt better doing something. Anything.
Damn it, Dean, his homeless, irresponsible old self thought. When did you become a complete chick-flick with family and love and all this shit? For a second his ol’ dad’s voice came to his mind, yelling at him, how no son of his could be gay or cry like a little bitch.
They smiled, waved awkwardly at each other as they said their goodbyes and Dean wandered off to his car. He really needed to talk to somebody now.
The moment they entered the warehouse, Dean knew that it would be very different from last time. No things were lying around, not even the occasional bottle, or the abandoned sleeping utensils of some homeless person. That meant no place to hide and ergo no place to go when shit went down.
"Wha- what happened?" There was some shuffling as if the other was putting clothes on while trying to keep the phone to his ear.
"If something happens to me," Dean started speaking quickly so the other couldn't interrupt him, "please have an eye on Cas and his sister. Also, name one of your children after me. Bitch."
"Oh god, I'm so sorry," Cas repeated seemingly at a loss, fumbling around with his hands and trying not to touch Dean. "This has never happened to me before not with any of the two other omegas I have been with." At the mention of other omegas, his alpha could have had sexual interactions with, something inside of Dean wanted to whine again, but he suppressed it.
Cas nodded and had the nerve to pull back a chair and sit down. He never did that. He wasn’t human enough for such a gesture of playing out time, was he?
“And, so, you thought it was the best idea to change what the doctor wanted to say, to not worry us? Glynn?” The older Winchester asked, and it was his turn to cross his arms in front of his chest.
"Well there was another paragraph in that book about true mate rights, I didn't want to read to you since you were already under so much pressure. Summarized it says that the only two recorded times an alpha hadn't claimed his true omega, because of whatever reasons, both of them had died during their fourth heat or rut after meeting each other."
He was also afraid, that Crowley or one of the others would contact him as soon as he was home and he really didn’t want to talk to them for some reason. Maybe he didn’t want to connect those two worlds.
Sam, who had also joined them by now, looked around their heads into Dean’s jacked with this expression he always had when he was examining an especially interesting supernatural object or being.
Going around the doctor and the nurses with his still upset daughter in his arms, Dean saw just in time how his son opened his mouth and let out a quite low wailing sound. Smiling back at Jo to re-assure her he slowly shuffled closer, watching how they examined the slightly smaller baby.
Soon Dean's shirt was gone as well, and when the omega started to unbutton his alpha's dress pants, the other gasped in such a cute way, that he had to bury his face in his scent again for a second.
“I’ll watch over you while you sleep.” They shared a smile in recognition, and Sammy cleared his throat loudly.
"Ahh, Crowley," he spat out, seemingly unharmed from their last encounter but definitely pissed. "And the Winchester boy, I really had worried for a second, that you had died there."
Because he was going into heat. Even if he had taken all the possible suppressants that were said to make you impotent after time and that were clearly said to prevent from situations like that, he was about to go into heat in the middle of nowhere, two bus rides from the only safe place he knew.
She was at their side again as soon as Dean had grabbed Sky’s car seat and peered down at her with a worried expression. The little girl, on the other hand, beamed up at her and even looked a tad bit curious. If Dean hadn't read so many books about babies, he would have probably thought that this was normal behaviour for a one day old. What had Cas told her about Mary?
What the people on this table had was way stronger than that. They were a family because they chose to and kept fighting for it, even if there were so many troubles to it. And even if people were missing and it hurt like shit, it was everything Dean had ever wished for and never deserved. He just needed them to stay. He needed him to stay so badly.
For a second Dean was petrified. What his brother suggested there was, that his angel should go over and share the mind with somebody else. Even if it was Sam, it still felt wrong.
Afterwards everything kind of settled. Mia’s second Birthday became the biggest Birthday she had had so far, with balloons and cake and half of the street invited for BBQ. The twins started to observe their surroundings for the first time and Sam married Jess on a wonderful late autumn afternoon. It seemed to have been the last day of warm sun and afterwards it was time to prepare for the holiday season.
Suddenly a wide, gummy smile spread across Cas face, and Dean found himself unable to look away. There were also tears there, but the omega tried to ignore them as he leaned in to place a kiss on his alpha's still smiling mouth.
"Okay, here it is. It's some kind of older law book, where omegas were still owned by alphas, so don't be irritated by the language." Dean almost chuckled at that, because his big, goofy little brother had always cared too much about how others felt.
"And I need you not to tell anybody about me. I mean the stuff with the, you know." He lowered his voice. "Robbery and so on."
She brought them to her ancestor’s library with the insistence, that they would never infiltrate her or her family’s life ever again. Dean crossed his fingers behind his back, just to be sure.
“What I don’t understand,” the younger Winchester suddenly voiced, “is how this is connected to the angels, we killed here. If it is. I mean do you think it is a coincidence, that they had the woman pregnant with your angel baby captured and were talking about already having what they wanted. And what about Cas not sensing the conceiving of a Nephilim, that is like, a very loud announcement, isn’t it?”
“My last boyfriend and I, we were together for seven years until I noticed, that he slept with two other women. First, I was furious, but then I thought, that I should have noticed it. I mean, two other girls at the same time and I was too busy with my job or something. Or maybe I knew and didn’t want to admit it. But it doesn’t matter.” She licked her lips and took another drink.
“So, do I get this right?” Glynn asked, cup in her hand sitting on an armchair in front of them. Cas was positioned on the couch next to Dean, and Sam had his long legs stretched out from a kitchen chair, completing the circle. “You are an angel,” she pointed at Cas, “and you were kind of inside Dean when we had sex? That… that is really fucked up.”
“So, as much, as I love to play your gossip friend, I really need to go back to work. You know, at 10 a.m., like a normal person.” As much as he loved him, he still was his brother.
“I can smell an infant”, he said over the noise of the fight. “They came here to kill us with a baby?” Dean drastically tried to look everywhere but the bathroom. When he tried to wiggle free, the woman hit him across his face with her clawed hand.
“She wants me to accept her apology and she…” he dropped the mail on the couch and dragged his hand over his face, “she… says it is not my fault, what happened.” Dean could see a single tear roll down the others cheek, but before he could take a step forward, Cas spoke again.
"I'm... tired," Cas concluded with a sight. He seemed to try to make himself smaller, shoulders sagging forward, eyes darting to his hands in his lap.
“Caught something?” Dean asked in a mocking way while leaning on the gate, because, damn, his ankle actually hurt.
It was the blue-eyed cashier that had invaded his thoughts like the thing in the movie "Alien" had invaded a guys chest. No matter what he tried, he hadn't managed to distract himself from the alpha, so he decided to do what he did best: Less thinking, more action.
“Why didn’t you tell me earlier?” Dean asked bluntly, because yes, he was very bad at all the feels stuff, but he didn’t care right now. “I mean, I know this isn’t something you tell your neighbor, but I thought the both of us were something like friends by now.”
"Here's the thing Benny," he addressed the driver wiping some sweat off his forehead. This was not good. "You're gonna let me out the next bus stop and follow the rest of the plan without me. Do you understand?"
Dean lowered the knife as if in a trance and noticed how his own aroused scent, now clearly in the open, mixed with the other's. He wondered why Castiel didn't smell frightened just after having been threatened by a knife, but his mind started to cloud over again anyways.
"Your scent is driving me mad," Cas whispered in his ear as he licked and nibbled at Dean's neck what made the omega pick up on the speed of undressing. Conveniently, Dean's pants were a little loose, they were old ones from Sammy, or they wouldn't have made their way over his cast that fast.
Holding onto Dean’s shoulder during the following shake, the angel held him back as he tried to bypass him to get to the others.
"Well, even if I decided on doing that, the guy wouldn't want me." Dean had intended for this to come out a lot snappier than it did and mentally scolded himself. He shouldn't drag his brother into his stupid problems.
Should he pray for Cas? If he told him to stay downstairs and protect Glynn, he would definitely come up here. Stupid angels.
“They are setting down their stuff in their room,” the familiar gravelly voice said. Well, maybe not saved, because now Sam thought, that… “Do you need any help?”
It had been sent to Cas old house, that they still frequently looked after but without the uncertainty already would have sold.
“My parents… they were both active in finances or how you say this kind of thing today and they didn’t really have time to be there for my sister and me. I mean, I never had a problem with anything you could buy for money, but when Cam, she was older than me, disappeared at the age of sixteen, I … like… I told everybody, that aliens did it.”
“Yeah sure,” he answered and ordered two more shots of Whiskey before looking at her again. “So, what are you chasing?”
The man didn’t protest, and Sam helped him up to haul him towards their car. As Dean started to walk, he remembered his hurting ankle and flinched, what made the angel turn towards him.
Heavy alpha pheromones emerged from the two unconscious bodies, and Dean almost laughed at that. Well, what did it help them now?
At 12:30 Dean sprinted to his beloved Impala and felt a little bit of calmness flood through him at the familiar sound of the engine. It was just lunch.
Left to him, the hunter noticed the kitchen utensils hanging neatly next to each other, the potato masher standing out against the others. He really needed to learn how to cook for a baby at least, if he couldn’t cope with his feelings.
They got Mia and Cas let Dean put her into the car seat. The little girl laughed silently at Deans attempt to keep her entertained during the procedure and clutched a stuffed cat to her chest all the time.
“It’s perfect,” Jo said next to him and smiled wide. The open spatial concept and the big windows on the backside where exactly what they both had wished for. To the right of the entry was the staircase, that led to the first floor and behind that, Dean could see a big, open kitchen with bright yellow cupboards. To the left was a little bathroom and straight ahead was the room that was most likely the living room and dining room in one.
“Do you want my jacket?” he grinned at his still freezing brother the moment they heard a sound from the direction of the church. It sounded as if somebody threw something very heavy onto something that shrieked.
"I'm Dean, by the way." Assuming that he would never see the man again, he told him his real first name, feeling as if he at least owed that to him.
Next, they had to find a house and after finally calling Sammy and telling him about the changes in his life, Dean wanted nothing more than to live next to his little brother. They hadn’t met often in the last two years or something and settling down was a good opportunity to change that.
„Hands up and down to the floor! Hands up!” Dean Winchester was used to hearing that being yelled, but he was always surprised by how long it took for the people to react. These were like two basic instructions.
“I’m sorry I told Sam.” There was a silence after this, Cas fidgeting with the hem of his way too fancy shirt but not breaking eye contact with Dean. “It’s okay,” he said after a while looking over at his daughter.
“Well, it seems as if heaven and hell have finally bound together to defeat the Winchester family,” Dean whispered with a sigh, anxious for Glynn to overhear them and worry her even more in her state. When he checked she didn’t seem to listen at all, though.
If Dean didn't have such good self-control, he would have gotten beet red in the face. Case, on the other hand, looked confused. Before he could ask, though, Dean had taken his hand to pull him to his feet. “Can you watch Sky for a minute?” he motioned to the bed where she was lying and playing with what seemed to be the Impala’s keys. “We’re going to... brush our teeth.”
"Alright, just move, Cas," he whispered absolutely mesmerised by pupils, that were almost swallowing all blue in those gorgeous eyes. Cas started to rock back and forth, and Dean soon found himself begging again as his alpha was hitting his sweet spot with every thrust.
Sam’s eyebrows would soon touch his hairline, but he nodded. When he went over to his niece to exchange the keys with a stuffed squirrel, his facial features softened.
What if he could have this, Dean thought. What if he could leave everything behind, have a wonderful family and be with the person, that made his heart flutter and breathing easier. The smile on his face grew unimaginable wider, making his head feel dizzy and all the bad voices recede to the background.
Dean could swear the other should be able to hear his heartbeat as it was thundering loudly in his chest. Not being able to resist the not only primal but now also emotional urge anymore, Dean closed his eyes and let their lips touch.
Having Cas in his head was also kind of lonely, because, of course, before the angel also hadn’t been present all the time, but now he only answered when spoken to directly. He took the thing with the privacy so far, that once Dean had to recede to the image of the diner in his mind and search for the other for ten long minutes.
Her emotion flickered very obviously across her face and Dean tried to catch every single one. First, her face fell in pure shock, then she gathered herself. After that, there was a tiny hint of anger and frustration and then she showed her nervous smile again.
