“I’m in love with you.” Steve replies, “It’s really quite terrible. I can’t sleep when you’re hurting, and I worry when you’re upset.”
He doesn’t know how much time has passed when the smoke begins to thin out in front of them. The hallway ahead feels like the coming of a sunrise, bright and freeing.
Steven presses against Anthony’s rim, loosened enough that Steven suspects he’d fingered himself before coming to him. He asks Anthony this, and the omega smirks, leaning up to whisper the exact details into Steven’s ears, of how he’d taken himself apart with four fingers -- “Only equaling to two of yours,” Anthony teased -- and then came on his fingertips to the thought of – “Your wide knot keeping me open.” Anthony finishes.
Anthony stares back at Bucky.
“You make me look so alive in those.” Anthony says, finally, eyes rooted to the drawing.
“I’m not saying you have to,” Steven adds, hurriedly, “But I only ask because you seem to have ideas --”
“There was no other way.” He repeats the words dully, recalling Tony’s crackling voice over the comms. Bruce’s horrified expression as HULK gave way to the boy, and Tony explained what he was injecting himself with. Natasha climbing over Steve’s frozen body on the rocks, single-minded even in chaos. Bucky’s voice, from his perch, hesitant in the abrupt silence.
Anthony smiles, before tracing Steven’s cheeks in a careful gesture, “Please forgive me.”
Steven could leave it alone. He has no need for another voice on the table, and Anthony doesn’t have any real fighting experience.
“What, why? I said it --”
“Yield, Gregory.”
“Incoming.” Steve warns before another, larger pile of soil falls about a foot away from Tony.
The Hydra soldiers turn in eerie unison to Steven standing on the edge of the roof. Bucky, Natasha, Bruce, Sam and T’Challa flank him. How they managed to silently approach the presumed best of Hydra is beyond Anthony, but the obviously unnerved reaction of the soldiers is damn satisfying.
“He is not human,” Bucky says, “Not anymore. And Hydra still has its leader.”
Anthony inhales, sharp in the enclave of Steven’s arms. He understands where this is going, Steven knows, his omega has always been quicker than the best of them.
“Okay.” Anthony grants.
“Ha ha!” Happy yells out, grinning wildly. “Take that, Hydra fuckers!”
“Finish it.”
Now they’re human. Screams and yells from Hydra soldiers fill the air, caught under the cannonball. Another tendril of poison tightening his heart at the sick triumph he feels at the sight.
“The third and fourth sectors, now. Walls.” Anthony instructs.
“He isn’t a thing.” Steven snarls, “And he isn’t yours.”
“Which is it?” Steven tilts his head. “Shut up or respond?”
“Thank you.” Anthony speaks.
The castle is a wide, broad system, well-protected through separation. There are more walls sectioning off areas than you would find in a town. When Natasha, after weeks of slow, painstaking infiltration, finally got a full structural image of the castle, she’d come to the meeting tent laughing.
Anthony squeezes Steven’s hand until the Alpha turns to him.
Steven sits down on the floor, crosses his legs.
Anthony tilts his head, blinking water off his eyelashes.
A hand clamps over his mouth, and he’s pulled into a body. Anthony freezes and begins to struggle, battle instincts worn to a frayed age.
“You make me want to be better.”
Steven’s only brought his best with him; Bucky, Natasha, Clint, Thor, Bruce. They all huddle in the underbush, wet and miserable after the sticky downpour in the afternoon. Thor surpasses the bush in stature and is crouched behind a tree trunk, looking like a misplaced statue.
Steve wrings the towel out and pads over to Tony, settling down on the bed again. He moves in slow, careful motions over the younger boy’s face, wiping out grime and blood and sweat. He’d found the towel in the first aid kit, and the small square fabric isn’t really thick enough to be of actual use. Still, Steve can’t not do it.
“What?” Anthony sputters.
“Did you mean it,” Anthony shifts to face him, “What you’re going to do to Hydra?”
“Today, we fight for something beyond ourselves...”
“It’s not acceptable. This was supposed to help him.” Tony says, quiet. “I promised him this would work.”
Steven blinks.
“I did not --” Steven says, throat suddenly raw, “I would not.”
Anthony breathes in.
He knows they’re not in the clear. There’ll be tests, and appointments and experiments, and there’s no way Tony’s going to be okay with being so removed from electronics in a day or two.
“I remember the first time I saw this view.” Tony had remarked quietly from next to Steve.
“Not my power.” Tony shrugs, still smiling in his eyes.
Tony pauses, crossing his arms at Steve who remains annoyingly placid in his anticipation, “You’re paying.”
Anthony meets Steven’s gaze again, heart kicking up at the intense look he receives in turn. Steven is flushed red, and flecks of sweat rest on his temple.
Steven isn’t surprised to see Anthony enter the tent. He had told Bucky to warn him to rest in Natasha’s tent tonight. But Anthony has proven himself to be someone who doesn’t take anything at face value, seeks out the very thing that seasoned warriors would turn around at.
“It’s not about
“Yeah, that didn’t exactly work the first time, did it?” Tony says and immediately knows it’s a little too mean, a little too cutting, but he can’t quite find it in himself to turn back now.
It’s thicker there, somehow, and Bucky removes his Winter mask. He attempts to put it on Anthony, and he scrambles away, shaking his head. Bucky eventually holds him in place and puts it on, arguing that he’s got better lung capacity.
“We have a plan, here, Cap?” Bucky asks, cautiously.
“Yeah.” Tony says, sitting down next to Steve. He pushes Steve’s knee up so that he can lean against it. Steve knocks his side with it but ultimately concedes his knee.
Steve raises an eyebrow, “Low blow. You know I’m sensitive about that.”
They eat for a while, Steve bringing over the burger he’d dropped and finishing it. Tony grimaces at Steve when he follows a bite of the burger with the donut, but also steals the now-cold leftover coffee and downs it in one go. It’s quiet for a while, and Steve watches Tony between his bites, a fact that doesn’t go unnoticed by Tony.
Anthony’s heartbeat picks up, and for a moment, it feels that the sound is overfilling, his heart aligning to it.
“Can’t say the same to you.” Anthony says with more bravado than he feels.
react.”
“Yeah,” Steve says, because it’s right, and then he chokes up again. His mom holds him close through it.
“Did he do anything to you?” Steven pauses, kissing the reddened skin he’d coloured on Anthony. Anything darker, he’d have to get Anthony’s approval for. He’d learned the hard way that Anthony didn’t like marks being put on him without his awareness.
His hands are the worst, torn open and angry with a red that stays even after the blood’s been washed off. Tony’s face darkens when he sees it, a shadow fixing itself over the placidity.
Parker and Shuri, Beta and Omega respectively, stand by the catapults, looking disgruntled. They’d spent the last few hours flitting from argument to conversation like a pendulum, and Anthony had left them to it, happy to let them tire out. It seems to have worked, and when Anthony tells them to ready themselves, they are quick to comply. Happy and Gary take the other two catapults, having gone through the strategy at least fifty times the night before.
“No,” He says, and his fingers are still moving, still fast, “Come untouched.”
“Don’t I know it.” His mom mutters.
“Unfair.” Tony mumbles.
Anthony feels the briefest touch of wind at his back as Bucky leaves.
“Get your hand off me.” Anthony says, angrily.
“Want to share?” Steven offers, hand still poised over the map. Anthony takes in the figure on the map, the curve of his body sprawling, black over the grey lines of territories. His eyes are a bare outline, but the bow of his lips is defined, a salacious picture.
Steven gets meditative when he’s knotting, so when every immediate concern after popping his knot is handled (
“You changed the rhythm again.” Bucky comments, breaking Anthony out of his daze.
“Steven!” Anthony gasps, turning to him with a shocked expression, “You choose today, the day of our bonding ceremony, to betray me?”
“Maybe,” Steven inhales, nose pressing at Anthony’s neck, “Your scent’s pleasantly strong, though.”
“I don’t know,” Steve says, “Argh – it went so bad so quickly.”
“But it’s a good name, fits you.” Steven says, snorting when Anthony sticks his tongue out at him.
“Mmm.” Steve closes his eyes in affirmation. He’s present, almost unbearingly so, can feel every point of skin where his body meets Tony’s, where the curves and edges of their bodies soften to accommodate each other.
Steve had been struck, “I didn’t know it was your --”
“Why would you even get me a goose?” Anthony throws his hands in the air, “Forget it, I know exactly why, and the nickname is still not cute nor humourous.”
They come across three people on the way; Steven knocks out the alphas cleanly, Bucky gags and ties the matronly omega to the light fixture with her own dress.
“Good.” Bucky replies, letting a bit of his Alpha seep through. It’s ineffective against Steven, so it serves mostly as a reminder.
“Mmm, hurts.” Tony’s head goes back on Steve’s shoulder. Steve exchanges a look with Bucky and Natasha, and they all come to a quiet agreement.
“Fuck off.” Anthony spits.
“You know how you’re always trying to get me to figure out the physical limits of the serum?” Steve pants, from where he’s laying next to the pit.
“Anthony, you will explain yourself,” Steven fists his hands when Anthony doesn’t move, “Now.”
“Thank you Natasha.” Steven intones, eyes fixed on his omega’s mocking smile.
Steve hums, taking the entirety of Tony’s robe off, leaving him bare to Steve. He nuzzles Tony’s cheek, looks down at Tony’s body as he does it.
Gregory snorts, “It is such simple thinking that enabled my escape.”
“Fine, fine, stop yelling.” Anthony retorts, and then exhales, “Yes, Gregory is my brother.”
“But I am --” Anthony frowns as he continues, “I am not sure if I fit here, with all of you. I don’t have the experience. I haven’t fought, not truly. How could I speak amongst warriors?”
Anthony leans back, hands slipping out of Steven’s grip. “So it’s here.”
He turns around, and gasps, flinches back.
“His name is Anthony.” Steven says.
“Thanks Buck.” He says, eyes still black.
It had been easier to deal with the horror of it all in the moment, with the immediate danger keeping them moving through the urge to puke. But now, sitting here with Tony, when hours before, he hadn’t been sure that Tony would survive – it all comes back. The sickness and horror untangling into their full shape, spreading over his limbs like a virus.
He can’t quite meet Tony’s eyes then, hands collecting the rubbish and wrappers from their meal. Tony’s fingers find his jaw, pushing him to look upwards.
“But you will be honest with me,” Anthony pleads, “Excepting that I am your omega. You will be honest with me as a leader to his follower.”
Anthony shifts, and in a gentle breath, kisses Steven. They press together for a few moments, just their lips meeting for a stretch.
“Absolutely not.” Bucky clenches his jaw.
He notes this, and then begins his search, hurried and uncaring for what he breaks as he swoops low under the steel bed, rummages in the sole drawer. He opens the wood up, hands searching the roof for a hidden catch. There’s none.
Tony shakes his head.
Anthony kisses him, taking control of the kiss as Steven shakes, remnants of fear and confusion making him slow to respond. When he tries to pull back, Steven holds him close by his arms, so Anthony continues. He opens his mouth into the kiss, pressing at Steven until he acquiesces his mouth. His tongue meets Steven’s, and the man groans, deep and rumbling, sharp in the silence of the tent.
Anthony leaves Gregory, thoroughly tied up with vibranium-reinforced wire, stripped out of the gauntlets on Anthony’s arms. It takes longer than it should, but he leaves with the blue gem clutched in his arms, confident that it will take even Gregory at least an hour to escape from the ties.
It was only because Tony couldn’t stand the silence in the pit that he walked back to the commons.
Anthony shrugs helplessly. “Not wholly.”
He weeps, quiet and broken into Steve’s heart. Bucky sheathes his sword, and after a quick look at Steve, moves into camp, dragging Stane’s corpse, detached head under his arm and body being dragged by the leg.
“Carry me there,
“Steve.” Tony says, after a few minutes of quiet breathing.
“Bucky --”
He looks boyish, eyes content and shining. He smiles bashfully when Anthony raises an eyebrow at him.
Steven comes to a stop at Anthony’s feet, kicking Stane down next to him. The man groans, thick and choked. Steven gives Anthony a bloody, hard smile.
Steven had shadowed Anthony when they’d reached camp, and the omega had teasingly asked for space to clean up, a wish that Steven had granted only after seeing the desperation in his eyes. He’d left Anthony with a kiss, long and possessive enough that Clint had groaned his disgust from the clearing.
“Donuts.” He states, and then at Steve’s dry stare, adds, “Please.”
It’s distressing, to think that Tony had nearly been killed today and to save himself, had been forced to inject an unknown virus into his body. A virus which had left him with black eyes, panicked and crying in Steve’s arms as Peggy had desperately tried to bring him down. And now, he was here, asleep with only Steve by his side.
“I think my heat is coming up.” Anthony says.
He falls to his knees, disoriented. He wants to puke. He can feel it, the bile, ready and open. His vision blurs, though he can’t feel tears, just a vague dizziness.
“Steven was right there.”
“We’ve known each other a long time, haven’t we?” Tony asks.
“No,” Tony smiles, “You just kissed me.”
, Steven.” Anthony reminds him, “I mean it.”
When Anthony doesn’t immediately respond, Steven lifts his head. Anthony isn’t smiling but there’s a bright joy in his eyes.
Steve had turned to Tony.
“Right,” Steven says, and then straightens, “Who’s taking on clean-up?"
“You’re losing.” Clint calls in response, “Your soldiers are dying, your army will soon fall to us.”
Behind them, a loud hissing noise arises and they both flip around. The soldiers yell in surprise, gearing up. Clint hobbles onto a leg with his arrow out. Natasha crouches down, body curled like her namesake.
When he drifts back to the awareness of his knot deflating, the first thing he hears is Anthony’s lilting voice.
“Would you trust my answer?” Gregory retorts, “Just tie me up and go.”
“Don’t know. Lost sight of him.”
“How?”
“I know. Give him a minute.”
Steven takes Anthony apart slowly. Agonisingly slow, like he’s gleaning every gesture in his mind, a sequence to trace out later. Steven coaxes him through it, hands seeming everywhere: in him, on his nipples, across his torso, by his bond. His lips are an anchor, mooring Anthony with tender presses.
“Neat party trick.” Tony adds.
“Damn it.” Anthony mutters. Gregory had managed to expand that device’s range after all.
Anthony does so, closing his eyes at Steven’s touch across his cheeks, kind even now.
“Forgiven.” Steven replies, “Forgive me?”
.” Gregory snarls. “I know what I’ve done, and I have no illusions as to the vengeance that will be enacted.”
Anthony peers at the letter over Steven’s head.
Clint comes to an abrupt stop, his arm reaching back to halt Anthony.
“Okay.” Steven mumbles, and then louder, “Okay.”
Steven coils up next to Anthony.
“I had nightmares about killing him, about losing myself in that rage. It broke me to know what violence my hands were capable of, and when I finally let myself feel the sorrow and righteousness of my actions, I am made aware that it was all for --” Steven breaks off, shaking his head as if to dislodge the thought. “What was the point?”
It’s been a few hours. They’re back at camp, having captured Gregory, and at Anthony’s insistence, freed the four prisoners. It had been a feat, getting out of the castle without alerting anyone to their presence, and Thor had eventually had to charge the courtyard with a bloodcurdling roar, playing the role of maddened warlord to perfection. He’d been such a terror that the drunk men and women had still been scrambling for their weapons, weak and stumbling with full bellies, when the titan had leaped back over the castle walls.
“Okay, I trust you too.” Anthony quirks a smile, “You’re being strange, you realise?”
“And in the sharing of blood,” He looks up, eyes dark and unfathomable, “I am become yours.”
“You are nothing like him,” Steven says, “And you know how I know that, for a fact?”
“I acknowledge this.” Steven replies. He wants to say more, to reassure Anthony, but his omega is iron now, gaze drawn and clean in the summer air.
“What?” Steven frowns, “That’s not true.”
“Yes.” Steven blinks. “And I trust you.”
“Can a killer be good?”
“Steve, sweetie,” Steve’s mom says, “Turn your phone off.”
(...)
“Call it for today?” Bucky asks.
There have been looks, tentative and careful from Anthony towards Steven. He has hesitated to respond, not wanting to spook the omega when he’s just beginning to enjoy Steven’s company. But it’s difficult, infinitely more now that Steven has been let in, exposed to the fullness of Anthony’s personality, his thoughts, his fears. It makes him lovelier, real and complex and untouchable.
He gathers Anthony’s legs high and close, starts moving slowly and deeply, watching Anthony’s face as he pants, before the pleasure really hits him, and he starts moaning, loud and wanton.
“I hurt you, did I not?” Steven asks.
Tony breaks from the kiss, pupils blown wide, “Fuck.”
“And maybe after...” Anthony trails off when Steven’s gaze settles itself on Anthony, sharp and hopeful. Anthony grins at Steven’s anticipation.
“Thank you for hunting him, and for letting me kill him.” Anthony clarifies, “You’ve given me freedom.”
“I’m not.” Steven says obstinately, breathing in deep and holding it.
Tony removes Steve’s hand from his face, “Then why’d you put it on my face, dick.”
There had been an evening, two weeks into their hunt for Anthony after he’d been taken, that Steven couldn’t quite recall how Anthony looked laughing. It had frightened him, strongly enough that he’d gone a little rabid. Eventually, he’d required Natasha to pet him for a while, omega pheromenes flooding his senses and settling him even as his bond pulsed in acute betrayal.
“Argh.” Bucky groans, “Do you see me? I'm still here? Why do I always have to be witness to your matrimony?”
All they need is a command, the slightest acknowledgement to let loose. Something about it is familiar.
“I’m not hurt.” Anthony reassures.
Those unfamiliar faces, made golden by the campfire, singing solemnly. It had been a sad, jolting tune, unlike anything Anthony had heard before. He’d thought it a strange choice for a bonding ceremony.
Gregory laughs at that. With his armour failing him, arm dislocated and helmet useless, his twin brother finds it in him to laugh, mocking. Perhaps they are more similar than Anthony had thought.
“You are such a knothead.” Anthony says, “Good heavens, how did I miss this?”
“Tell me.”
Bucky: are you at the infirmary [Sent 10:28 PM]
“For a moment only.” Steven says, “And I understand, though I wish you had told me earlier, if only to not make me a fool in front of Hammer.”
“What?” Anthony says.
“Is he in there, then?” Tony asks, nodding at the gym door, “Asked you to stay guard?”
“Cap,” Bucky says, as they reach the gates. There’s an all too familiar tone to that single word, and Steven gives him a quelling look.
He takes him, Steven does, takes all of him, and it’s not like anything he’s ever experienced before when Anthony finally comes. It seeps through to him from the outside, pleasure prickling his skin and oozing into his veins, filling him, stretching his heart like the motion of a tide. When he comes back to himself, mind rising up, eyes dried out, Steven is still thrusting, ever-slow.
“I just had a maths exam.” Tony rolls his eyes, “Finished it and came here when I got the alert the mission went wrong.”
“Okay, okay,” Steven rests his palm against Anthony’s, “Alright, I’m sorry, okay? I don’t want to fight now. Are you feeling alright? That was intense.”
“...We fight for our past, for those whose lives were taken before they could learn to stand, for those who could never feel the warmth of the sun, forced to toil in mud...”
So this is Gregory Starrk, Steven thinks, even as his eyes flicker between Anthony and his captor. In face, he’s frighteningly similar in appearance to Anthony. But his body is a broad, tall thing. His hair is a shock of blonde, almost green in tint. He’s a clear Alpha, though the rumours of his exploits blur the credibility of his appearance.
“Tony, he didn’t tell anyone.” Steve taps at his hand until he looks up, “Not even Nat. Peggy only told me when she got his notice by email.”
“Shuri, shoot one, same spot.”
When his phone turns on, Steve pulls up the camera and puts it in selfie mode. He feels Tony stiffen at the sight of his eyes, now black.
“I’m just a boy from Brooklynite.” Steven says.
Gregory turns to Steven, smile vacuous. “He’s my brother. I will keep him.”
“No matter what.” Anthony says, again, “So do not hide this from me. Please.”
“And here I thought the two of you were close.” He says, callous amusement in his voice.
“Yes.” Anthony replies, testing the soreness of his lower back with a minute flex. It should be good enough for – well, good enough for his Alpha.
“He’s outside.”
anything, Steve. I only...recognised the potential.”
“Yes,” Steven says, “You challenge me, make me try harder, make me think and believe more. I am better for it.”
Everyone was made quiet in Olympus. They said you could hear a pin drop, but the floor was kept a clean, royal white, so it was likely the pin would not dare reach the floor.
“You don’t know anything about Steven.” Anthony shoots back. His hands pin Gregory’s to the ground, anger making him harsher.
“Because I get the privilege of loving you.”
Thor sighs.
“What happened?” Steven asks. “With him?”
Steve inhales, looking at his mom, who purses her lips and shakes her head, just a little.
Steven hisses at the rough texture of the salve, raking over his skin.
“No, you’re not.” Tony mumbles.
“I can not deny that the fair Captain mentioned, while we were sparring, how little sleep you were getting while forging these.” Thor says.
The implications of that aren’t lost on Anthony.
Steven isn’t here.
“Why not?” Anthony asks. “I share things with you.”
Arrows get shot, and their army readies with shields, hunkering down and protecting themselves. Noise comes from the inside of the castle, and Hydra soldiers stream out like ants from a hill, quick and unrelenting.
“It’s okay.” Tony mumbles, and his voice is a little wet. Steve meets his mom’s gaze over Tony’s head, and watches as she gets up.
“Thanks.”
“You’re like them too, though.” Anthony says.
Anthony grins, wicked and open. “We ruin their communication routes, force them to shut down, then break through the the gate. A direct attack before they can properly mobilise.”
He’s not sure of it himself, had been furious in the same breath that he’d been sick with worry as he sat in the ambulance with Tony, the boy’s eyes black like a demon’s from a film. Tony had been blabbering nonsense about neural pathways, and Steve had wanted to kiss him and strangle him and hold him. But he’d bite his tongue before admitting that to Mr. Stark.
“But it is. You don’t
Anthony doesn’t respond to that.
“How coincidental, that is the very thing I wish to keep.” Gregory says.
. And it’s been so long.
Their embrace is a frenzied, passionate scene, lips crawling over each other’s skin, scenting and greeting and reminding.
Anthony frowns, “And I’ve trained for it. Prepared plans.”
“It is the name people close to me used.” Anthony says, “Before.”
Steven winces, and then reaches out to touch Anthony’s shoulder. “Sorry, that came out wrong.”
The goose honks again, getting up.
They connect, Anthony kissing Steven desperately before the Alpha can speak. Instead of taking control of the kiss, Steven accepts Anthony’s pressure, lets him peel Steven open and mould himself in the Alpha’s heat. His arms wrap around him, and the enclave of Steven’s embrace is as strong as the grace of sunlight.
“There’s nothing I can say right now, and you can’t figure out an immediate solution --”
“Tony, I don’t --”
“You’re in deep, huh, love?” Steven asks, “Alright, omega, I’ll take over here.”
He enters the tent with that sight lingering behind his eyes.
“I’m gonna be okay.” Steve assures.
“...Steve,” Tony’s voice filters back in, “I know you. That hasn’t changed, and it never will. We’ve been...
“You present?” Tony murmurs the question, hand trailing down the mess on Steve’s chest.
Soldiers mill around there, a few Hydra soldiers captured by the Wakandans. The wounded are being tended to, most with battle wounds and a few with burns marring their bodies. Samuel stands in the center, directing the medical care. Natasha and Clint are resting against a tree, looking tired but not badly injured. Anthony does a headcount: Happy, Pepper, T’Challa, Shuri, Okoye, Jane, Gregory – arguing with a green-eyed Bruce.
Tony was still asleep.
Steve groans, long and guttural, and it’s like seeing the sun come out for what it does to Tony’s heart.
“You were swinging your legs over it the whole night, I’m sure you can handle it.” Steve comments dryly.
“Shut up.”
Anthony rolls his eyes, “Can we just move to the centre?”
“Don’t look at me like that.” Anthony breaks the tension, “There isn’t anything to worry about.”
“I don’t want your apologies,” Anthony whispers, “And I don’t blame you, so there better not be any internalised guilt, alright?”
Bucky shoots the crossbow at the barrier and it pings off. He looks helplessly at Steven, who turns back to the table.
Tony doesn’t know what to say to that. There’s something lodged in his throat, though, a nugget that he isn’t sure he wants to relieve.
“Hang on.” Steven says, taking the dagger, and before Anthony can blink, slices a line on his chest. Anthony tilts his head, and sighs as Steven gathers the blood.
“A warlord teaching a high society bitch how to fight. Really,” She continues, “Now how many cocks did you suck to get that education?”
“Well, you didn’t exactly have a choice in the matter.” Steven can’t help but say.
“I did not mean to use my force on you.” He says, looking up, “I was wrong to do that. I was upset, I still am but – I swore not to hurt you. I have broken that.”
“I hunted him. He was working for the Carver.” Steven replies.
“My dad was here?” Tony asks, leaning back. His eyes are round and wet, and Steve wipes an errant tear away.
“Mom,” Steve whimpers, “That’s not true.”
“Between us, then,” Steven agrees with a smile. "You will call me Steve."
“What --” He swallows, “What the fuck did I do?”
“That’s not going to work on me, pisshead.” Bucky says, “You gotta bring it in.”
“Your dad was here earlier. And Peggy’s looking for scientists, she said. There’ll – we’ll find a way.” Steve assures.
“What?” Steven asks.
Anthony winces, and Steven brings him closer, kisses him again, softly.
“Yes, you are.” Steven jostles Anthony’s hands a little, in his grip, “You are. I am the leader of this pack, and you are my omega. We are equals.”
Clint hums a small, affirmative tone.
Steven jumps up and catches it, a jaunty, dancing movement that Bucky throws his head back to laugh at. It looks strange, with the Winter mask already in place, and Natasha nudges him with her elbow, her own laughter hidden with a hand.
It takes about two hours, and the sun rising higher into the sky, for the pit to be filled with all the dislodged clumps that surrounded it. It looks very haphazard, and isn’t much of a permanent solution for the hole, but after all the work they put into it, Tony can’t help but feel slightly satisfied.
“Come here.” Steven says, the words outlined with a plea only Anthony can hear.
Cannonballs get shot into walls, raining fire on ramparts, guards with bows being thrown off. They use smaller balls, shoot four or five at a time, taking out entire rows of guards.
Steve pauses, “Thanks. I think. Now will you help me?”
“Keep him safe, will you?” Anthony asks, as the Omega makes her way down the cliffside.
“Bruce, pass me the notepad.” Tony calls, and Bruce lobs it at him.
“Oh, such little faith. Should I tell him?”
“Bucky!”
“Don’t.”
He fucks him again, repeating Anthony’s song to him, and they laugh through it the whole time, breaking off into moans when laughing pulls at their groins or makes Anthony tighten around Steven. They come quickly and messily, grinning. Steven’s knot lasts for an hour, and they lay close enough that the boundary between their bodies seem to blur.
“Cap, prisoner count’s over --” Bucky breaks off.
“There’s that noise again. What the hell?” Tony whines.
“Hmm,” Anthony can’t help but smile, “He worries.”
Steven reaches through the bars and pulls the man forward, hard against the bars. They rattle. He notes Bucky going up the stairs to keep watch.
“So, you’re saying, he’s stuck like this?” Steve says, horror and fear like coils around his lungs. I don’t have asthma anymore, he reminds himself, consciously breathing in and out in beat with the rhythm of Tony’s heart.
“Anthony.” Steven warns, “Don’t ask about things you can't know.”
Steve knows he’s being mocked, the cadence of a sneer ringing clear. He ignores it.
“Oh my gods.” Anthony chokes.
“Don’t compromise your duties for me.” Anthony says.
His hands and shield are smeared with blood, and he walks with a quick and staggered stride. Behind him trail the few soldiers he’d taken for the raid on the Western Hydra base. They’d been carefully tunneling under the fortress for a month, and had planned to lay ruin to Hydra’s water and food supply tonight. It had been intended to be a quiet and methodical attack; a vicious surprise for Hydra to wake up to.
“Hey Sarah.” Bucky comes over to give Steve’s mom a hug.
“Right, this time.”
“You are well?” Steven murmurs.
“Your eyes go black – not just the pupils, the whole eyeball – around electronic devices. Does it feel different in your head?” Steve presses.
Long enough, hopefully, for this battle to be won and for this war to end.
“Do you think gods can worship other gods?” Steve asks, dazedly.
Once freed, Anthony crawls to the corner and bangs at a little device. Natasha hands him the end of her dagger, and he takes it gratefully, pushing it into the latch of the machine. The invisible barrier between them shimmers, flickers of colour appearing and disappearing before the barrier melts away entirely. Steven leaps and rushes to Anthony, who rises to meet him.
“Oh, believe me, this is entirely selfish.” Steven responds, kissing Anthony again.
Anthony moves through the corridors, evades soldiers, strikes down the ones he can’t, settled now to the tune of the battle. He makes his way to the center of the castle, walks along the parapets until he spots Clint, shooting down from his perch.
Tony glances up at him; a dark, silencing look that Steve swallows thickly at before nodding.
“I can’t --” Steve works his jaw, “I don’t want to do it alone.”
“Don’t do that, Tony.” Steve says.
“Tony.” Steven repeats, the short-name making his lips move, almost sensually, over Anthony’s skin.
“Lucky hit,” Anthony cedes, “But we
“Steve!” Anthony repeats. “Steve!”
“Yes.”
“Tony threatened me with the armour! And we’re not having that conversation now, anyway. ‘Cause I've got to somehow hide this mess from Carter, and all I'm willing to hear from your ungrateful ass is “Thank you, Bucky. You’re God’s gift to the world”.”
“It’s not something I ever thought I could afford, to think about.” Steven says, “Maybe in terms of the war. But not for me. Not my – happiness.”
Never before has a catapult been able to do that, not since Hydra started using steel gates.
The battle has run its course, and he’s painted red and brown with its colours. He’s tired. Deep and seeping.
Tony blinks a few more times, eyes flashing that eerie black before flickering to coffee brown. They open completely after a few moments of this, and stay at black film.
“Yes,” Anthony says, “Though I reckon that is my question to ask.”
Howard tilts his head, another motion both like and unlike Tony.
With ice, with fire.
“Mate.” Gregory croons to Anthony, “Do you remember playing this move on me?”
“He didn’t tell me.” He remarks.
Bucky’s grip on Anthony’s arms releases abruptly as he swears, leaping away to cradle his nose.
“Alright, here you go.” Steve hands it to him, taking the rainbow sprinkles for himself.
“Turn what off?” Steve asks.
“Oh.”
Tony smiles back at him, brown eyes bright and alive.
“It doesn’t make sense, though.” Anthony counters, mind awhirl, “Steven – he killed Schmidt. He beat his face in, there’s no way anyone could – I mean, how is it remotely possible for anyone to live past that?”
Steven thrusts into Anthony’s body again, experiencing a slightly different pressure at the looser, relaxed entrance. He sighs into the thrusts, letting the full pressure of the movement envelop him. He bends close to Anthony, and kisses him through the motions. Anthony returns the kiss, sloppy and enthusiastic.
“Thanks.” Tony breathes out, after a few moments of contemplative silence. The word comes out sincere and shy. Steve smiles as Tony nudges over the second custard donut in silent offering.
Anthony abruptly relaxes in his hold as Bucky removes his hand, “Where’s Steven?”
“Here he is, omega.” Steven calls, voice raised to reach his soldiers, poised at the camp’s boundaries. He wants them to know what this is. “I have brought this scum to you, and now you must take action.”
Steven kisses him, then, moving in a flash, the motion a quick peck that Anthony pulls him back in to continue. Steven’s groin moves between Anthony’s legs, hands pulling apart Anthony’s legs with confident ease. They both groan when Steven thrusts close.
Steve looked at Tony, who, equally baffled, merely shrugged in response, yet a hint of ice took hold in the Captain’s stomach, a pit of dread that there could be something he had overlooked, some unseen avenue for disaster that he had forgotten to account for, a threat that would reach out and devour them all. No, Steve thought, prayed.
Neither could stop smiling.
“Hi,” he whispered.
not what I said,” Tony muttered as he heaved himself to his feet, but from the way Rhodey was grinning at him Tony knew that one wasn’t going away anytime soon.
it hurts, so much - but it’s better for me if I go back to being his friend, and let someone else be his person.”
“We’ll be right out here if you need anything, Tones,” Rhodey said.
It’s quiet in the lab. That’s what he notices first, when he wakes. Quiet, and calm. Not his lab. Reality arrives. Shuri. Of course. Not like the kid to miss a chance to make fun of him. He honestly fears the day she teams up with P-
But no. This time they’d won.
No other way.
“Contrary to what you’re thinking, that little reunion was not actually on the schedule,” he declared, earning a few anxious giggles. “But if nothing else, today’s demonstration proves that Earth’s orbital defense system is fully operational. From this moment onward, nothing can or will approach our planet without our awareness and permission. What’s more, if I may be so bold as to confirm the return of Thor Odinson and Bruce Banner- no spoilers- it looks like the Avengers team might soon be back at full capacity. Not a bad day at the office, if I may say so myself.”
He travels first to 2012, to the bruising shudders of New York under siege. Bruce had made a promise, and Steve Rogers was made to keep promises. He’s too early; this world’s Loki still roams free. Bruce is still on the roof. Steve waits til she’s alone before he steps out. She turns to face him, fire in the sky behind her.
Steve’s delirious, swooping heart crashed to a halt.
Like Tony had a choice. But Steve seemed fine as they headed to the lab. The super-soldier settled in on the couch near Tony’s station and buried his nose in the eternal sea of infinite reports. Figuring Steve would prefer to work in silence, Tony dug out a pair of earphones for his usual musical accompaniment, and he was soon able to lose himself in his work. The extra time proved to be a luxury beyond measure, allowing him to explore multiple solutions for each problem instead of settling for the quickest or easiest fix. Watching his efforts blossom into useful improvements was always gratifying, but today the process soothed him to his core.
“But we know it’s orange,” Stark said, then shrugged. “Thor’s buddy, Heimdall, who used to run the BiFrost. He has glowing orange eyes, can see any living person’s location anywhere in the galaxy, but Thor has no idea how. Apparently it was a mystery even to Odin.”
Yesterday, Tony had been five hours late. Steve had yelled at him for it.
Tony, as always, had an infinite supply of questions, but none were relevant to their current mission and so he shook his head. He supposed he should have been relieved that Thanos had not sabotaged their plan beyond salvage, but something about the idea of an Infinity Stone with
, he thought, remembering the ache. The betrayal.
“Oh my god,” Tony murmured, “
But Steve Rogers has a mission to finish, and so he stands, and so he continues.
“No, it’s fine,” Steve said. “I mean, if you don’t mind staying?” Because maybe Tony didn’t want to be here. Maybe Tony didn’t want to be sad.
Tony was too far gone to notice when Peter dragged Thor out of the room, jaw set in wild determination.
And in a twisted, hollow way, Tony could almost agree. The camera had been so carefully angled, the footage so flawlessly edited, that the video had almost fooled
This time, he was aware that he cried.
?” he spat out. “It’s the end of the goddamn world, you’d think Stark of all people would get out of bed on time.”
They broke apart only for breath, neither of them shy, yet neither speaking; this close, there was no need for words. No, they weren’t friends anymore. They were on the far side now, each reaching for the other in mutual desperation. Steve found himself ripping at Tony’s shirt, his fingers seeking the smooth skin of Tony’s sides, his muscled back. At Steve’s touch, Tony groaned and wriggled further into his lap, and Steve hissed at the feel of him, grinding against his cock. God, he was fully hard already.
Steve woke under a boiling orange sky riven with seething cracks, Tony calling his name with grief raw in his voice. Gamora sat nearby, watching where the ground outside the pillars of light was also beginning to surge and distort. Thanos had been freed from his bonds and was sitting silently, watching her in turn.
“You were protecting me,” the super-soldier said, his voice dull. “This whole time, that’s why you didn’t… that’s why you stayed.”
Clint snapped round to face him, eyes ablaze. “You weren’t there, Banner.”
The sound of their laughter was loud enough to wake Tony. “Whhuh?” he asked, raising his face away from Steve’s neck and peering around in confusion, eyes still heavy with sleep. He had a patch of tiny red wrinkles across his cheek from Steve’s shirt, he’d clearly been drooling, and his hair was sticking out in every direction at once.
,” he started, then gasped as Tony seized him in a tight hug.
The former assassin seemed just as shocked. “You… looking for Steve?” he asked carefully.
“He was protecting you,” Tony said. “I get it.”
“You were really paying attention, huh,” Tony said softly, when Steve’s words ran dry.
“So, slight change of plan,” he announced. “Turns out this is a party of two.”
Locate the target, assess the situation, devise a plan.
“Long enough.”
Wilson hesitated, clearly torn. “Uh, that okay with you, Stark? Rest of us are pretty beat.”
Then Steve gave Tony’s hand a squeeze, weak but steady. “Okay… It’s okay, Tony… I’ll do it.” Tony sucked in a breath, dizzy with thanks, but Steve continued. “On one… condition…”
“Whuh,” said Tony, famed speaker of words. Surely that shouldn’t sound like it sounded. But instead of rephrasing, the former assassin folded his arms and let the question hang, only raising an eyebrow when Tony continued to be speechless.
Steve looked as though he might throw up. Tony could only watch. Yet the other man rallied and stepped towards Tony, holding a cautious hand out to him as though he were a wild animal. “Tony, I don't… you thought it was me?”
Tony was okay.
Even as he fumbled for an adequate apology, Steve could see Stark’s hurt drain away, replaced by something vicious, almost feral.
“What break?” Steve asked, a faint hideous buzz starting in his ears.
“How long have you been awake?” Tony asked. The serum meant Steve needed a lot less sleep than most humans. Hopefully he hadn’t been bored.
“Okay,” Tony said, once his voice worked again. “One to go.”
Steve turned to a very wide-eyed Tony, then was startled to realize that the Gauntlet was nowhere to be seen and they were just holding hands for no reason. Except maybe there was every reason. “Looks like the wizard was right,” Steve said softly. Of course, Tony would be the one. Always the one.
He stands and plods to the window. A gleaming sports car is perched across the dirt track outside, and he freezes, then sighs. The knocking has continued unabashed, loud and annoyingly irregular, and when Steve pulls the door open, he pushes past him without a word, whipping off his sunglasses to inspect the barren room.
He watched Steve recall the memory. “The enhanced kid from Queens?”
Bitter, stinging words rose in his throat, but Tony swallowed them back. “Noted,” he said instead, voice as cold as he could manage. “Shall we move on?” Barton opened his mouth, but subsided after a Romanoff elbow to the ribs.
“Is that… normal?” the young Queen asked.
He let his hand fall.
“That’s not what I meant.” Tony leaned back, aware he had to say it out loud, at least once. “Spider-Man was with me.”
He raised his other hand and tore the oxygen mask away from his face. “Tony, that doesn't make- You
They sat until it was fully dark, then made their way back down to the speeder by the light of Tony’s wrist device; back at the palace, they joined the rest of the team for a large dinner, and everyone slept well that night.
“Not if I can help it,” Tony said. “I forgot to ask, did our sparky orange genie grant your wish?”
,” she sang, her voice clear and loud.
“No,” Steve gasped. “No, I won’t, I don’t want to sleep, I can’t.”
Enough. Steve held out his right hand to Tony who accepted it instantly; by mutual unspoken agreement they turned their backs on the laughing Titan and walked away without a second glance.
“You had a kid,” he blurts out. Anything to bring the light back to Tony’s eyes. “You and Pepper.”
The journey upstate took nearly an hour, which they spent in silence. Tony focused on the road, the car, the passing details of the countryside. Only once did Steve speak, looking up from his phone.
“My sister is already on the plane. You are welcome to accompany us,” T’Challa said, Okoje quietly falling in beside them.
Steve’s thoughts slammed into a wall of his own confusion.
. “Okay, but then we really should get going,” he said. “I was just getting ready to leave myself, didn’t fancy third wheeling it much longer.”
. He staggered out of the isolation suite, ignoring the startled concern of the nurses, searching blindly until he found a small, empty room, away from the eyes, far away from the sorry excuse he had for a life.
“Oh, you know,” he said. “Dinosaurs, meet asteroid.”
After a quick examination, it transpired his blood sugar was dangerously low, and the medical staff refused to let him back near Steve until he ate something. Since Steve was still unconscious, Tony had reluctantly surrendered to their demands. May brought him to a quiet staff canteen where she made sure no one bothered him. She also insisted on supervising his every bite, which proved to be something of an ordeal until Peter joined them partway through the meal. The kid swore he was just there to keep them company but he greedily devoured every morsel Tony managed to sneak to him under May’s notice. When Tony finally realized May had been sneaking her own food onto Tony’s plate in turn, Peter laughed so hard he nearly choked. Between the food and the teasing, for a few minutes Tony felt pretty good.
“That honestly must have sucked,” Tony said.
Uh. Singlehandedly.
…he’d never felt like
And Tony had punished him instead.
He could cry, but settled for a quick kiss on the super-soldier’s forehead. “I’m here, Steve,” he whispered. “It’s okay.”
“Yeah so I’ll be back,” Tony announced abruptly. He received no response, and when Tony returned thirty minutes later, Steve blinked and glanced over at his station as if the super-soldier hadn’t even noticed he’d left.
, Tony thought. “Let’s go home.”
Tony’s face cycled through a dozen fleeting expressions, but he settled on a soft smile; Steve smiled back, giddy with delight.
Steve thought.
Peter had wrapped his arms around Tony, as if scared to let go. Yet the kid was the first to pull away. His eyes were full with unshed tears, but he just nodded, jaw resolute. “I’ll do my best to make you proud, Mr Stark.”
Steve glared at his visor and flicked his fingers against the armor’s chest. “Take off the armor. You steer, I carry, remember?”
Tony paused, thinking back to the strange orange planet. “Up until then, the wizard had swore blind that his one job was to protect the Time Stone. That he would let me and the kid die if that’s what it took. But whatever he saw of the future, it changed his mind. When Thanos stabbed me, Strange gave him the Time Stone in exchange for my life. He said there was no other way. And… that’s it. That’s all I know.”
, you said you wouldn’t-”
“I should have, Tony, I’m sorry-”
Tony raised his chin, focusing his own gaze on the wizard. “We find a way to destroy the Stones. Take them out of play, forever.” The Doctor frowned, uneasy but thoughtful.
Natasha took a long steadying breath, then pinned Tony with a sharp glance. “I’ve been trying to get him to sleep. You’ve always been the Steve whisperer. Maybe you can do a better job.”
“I want to sleep,” Steve said, and walked away. He heard Sam follow, could feel the worry emanating from his friend but inside there was nothing where his own care should be.
And even before Steve froze, Tony regretted the quip. Things had been so comfortable between them lately, he’d allowed himself to forget how easily these moments had ruined them before. How constant petty conflicts had worn away their friendship in ways he’d never suspected until too late. The worst part was remembering how he’d reveled in their back-and-forth at the time, flinging remarks designed to provoke, enjoying Steve’s exasperated tolerance, mistaking the super-soldier’s criticism for honesty, his irritation for intimacy, long before the Accords proved how badly Tony had misjudged. At least just now, Tony had noticed when he’d crossed the line. Maybe that could count as progress.
21:34, 26th June 2016
Hurriedly, Tony ran the calculations. “If everything goes well today, I can maybe get away at the weekend,” he said.
Tony looked startled, then scowled. “Now who’s managing who? I know what I’m choosing, Rogers.”
“Honestly, I’m just a little shocked that you gave it up so easy,” Tony joked, releasing Steve’s hand in order to elbow him in the ribs.
“Really? I’m not so sure,” Tony said; his voice cracked, stretched taut between want and doubt; the hope almost as wounding in presence as in absence.
“You left,” he said.
Tony took a breath, because what he was about to ask wasn’t fair, was in fact unspeakably cruel, but he couldn’t solve what he couldn’t see; then he reached out and took Steve’s hand, weaving their fingers together, apology and vow. “Promise me that you won’t go alone.” Steve flinched, but Tony kept going. “Promise me that you won’t leave me behind.” The other man was shaking his head now in horrified refusal, but Tony had to keep going, had to ask, had to try. “Promise me that whatever happens, we face it together.” Steve’s grip had clenched tighter with every word he spoke, was now agonizing; Tony held on regardless.
“Captain mode,” Tony said, too tired to elaborate although Rhodey looked confused.
Across the street the huge alien stood quietly, eyes fixed on Tony’s approach. Overriding Friday’s chatter about power readings and proximity curves, Tony chose to make a dramatic landing halfway between the alien and the Sanctum’s door. He straightened slowly, praying his trembling wouldn’t show through the armor, and found a smirk had appeared on the alien’s massive face.
For a long moment, Tony assumed he was dead; he then realized he was encased in nanobots. FRIDAY must have triggered his suit’s automatic deployment before the blast took her out. His sensors were overwhelmed so he couldn’t get a read on his surroundings, his vision was temporarily whited out as his visor fought to compensate for the scintillating violet light around him. Then his ears registered the noise he was hearing, identified its source.
A golden sort of happiness flooded through Tony, warm dawn after the longest night, but Steve didn’t wait for him to respond. Instead, the other man looked down and Tony’s gaze followed as if dragged; they both watched as Steve pulled out halfway, only to slide slowly back inside him, and Tony felt a cascade of pleasure detonate throughout his entire body. The noises he made as a result were both embarrassingly loud and mathematically inevitable but Steve gave the sexiest groan in history in response, falling in to bury his face in Tony’s neck while muttering his own string of curses.
,” Tony begged, his voice cracking, barely loud enough for his own ears to register.
“You didn’t want forgiveness,” Steve said, the awful realization dawning.
The other man was laughing at him, but in that golden Steve way that felt like sunshine. “Tony, do you seriously think this is my first time with another man?”
Yet Tony had gathered him into his lap and was rocking him back and forth, still there despite the words. Not gone.
A video began to play, the same one on every screen.
Thanos nodded. “He fought well and bravely,” he said. Again his voice was nearly warm. Approving. “He earned my respect to the end. I will remember him fondly.”
By the time Steve reached the house, Tony was nowhere to be seen, yet the building’s open, airy design drew Steve onward into the main living area. He found himself standing by a curved glass wall, lost in the rhythm of the marbled waves, watching them idly crash and recede. Eventually, he felt rather than heard Tony’s return; pulse quickening, Steve swung round to face him.
,” Tony sang back; the two grinned at each other. Lost as he was, at least this esoteric exchange wasn’t science-related. Somehow Steve had never heard Tony sing before. New detail: he had a pleasant voice.
“-you’re telling me Captain America watches
The General ignored him entirely, which only confirmed his guess. She’d be the first to glare at him whenever he was stupid, but still, she was kind. Actually, the Wakandans were all uncommonly kind, each discreetly ignoring his bullshit this past year, calmly handling his haphazard contributions, adapting to his unplanned absences. Working with them had been an honor and a joy, but he supposed it was finished, now. Unless the world ended. Out the window, Tony spotted familiar configurations of trees and fields, green and lush in their summer finery, and was seized with a bizarre ache to don his suit and fly in the opposite direction. He could escape, go anywhere. Take himself nowhere and just fly.
As the tycoon’s face dropped, Tony smiled. “Of course, losing your little safety blanket leaves you rather exposed, doesn’t it? Plenty of sharks will be circling.” He let his voice cool to ice. “Once word gets out, that is.”
“Uh, won’t that mean there’ll be two of him, uh you, back then?” Bruce asks through a mouthful of shwarma.
“Couldn’t you ask Doctor Strange to give him some?” Tony looked up. Blinked. Peter’s voice faltered slightly under his stare. “I just- I mean- you said before he had something called the Time Stone, so maybe there’s some way he could help?”
Tony felt his heart sinking further as the frenzied minutes wore on. For every step they forced the alien back, he managed to take two towards the Sanctum. Briefly, things looked up when Peter swung in out of nowhere - Tony was gonna
11:07, Sunday July 1st 2018
“Option A, we just walk away,” the other man told him. “But it’s your call, Tony.”
how math works? Pray tell, Captain.”
“Tony.”
Steve took a moment, considering. “Alright. Leave it alone for now. We’ll evacuate non-essentials to Earth, then give it a try.”
He hated himself more, for what he was about to suggest.
“He needed the heads-up so he would know to
That evening, the Avengers held a full council of war on Tony’s behalf. Although Steve offered to keep it discreet, Tony had requested that the whole team be brought in, that they treat it as a mission like any other. When everyone had gathered, Tony revealed how Stone had recorded a series of compromising videos of him early in their relationship, using them to blackmail Tony into staying. Everyone worked hard to keep it professional, but later they all agreed that Tony’s debrief had been one of the most painful situations they’d ever endured. Even Wanda had cried.
without forsaking half the universe…
The billionaire pulled a face at the scientist’s back but spared no time in crossing the campsite and descending the steep slope towards the nearby river. It was weirdly heartening to find water was water, even in space. Plus the microbial life here was different enough to Earth microbes that they had no discernible effect on human physiology so far, meaning they could drink the water and probably not die in some gruesome Hollywood way. They purified it anyway, just in case, but it was nice to know.
“Sure, sure,” Steve murmured, opting not to watch as the doctor started fiddling with the needle in his hand.
“Nat,” he said, voice crisp with battlefield urgency. “Get rid of him.” She was staring at Tony, her face draining of color, but then the former assassin nodded sharply and left the room, whispering to the nurse as they went.
Eventually, Steve made a move, scooping Tony up and sliding him under the blanket, his cooling skin finding this a welcome refuge from the slight chill of the night air. Once they were both settled and warm, Steve bent in to kiss Tony’s neck, his eyes, his lips. “So long,” he murmured, reverent against Tony’s skin. “I’ve loved you so long.”
At some point they had rolled so Tony was now on top; he sat up, his resolve nearly breaking when Steve literally whined and reached as if to draw Tony down to his mouth again. “Easy,” he whispered, grabbing the man’s outstretched hand and pressing kisses over his knuckles. Then he slid a finger under the waistband of Steve’s pants, inhaling sharply when the other man bucked his hips in helpless, clumsy reflex.
“I hope you show me the phone,” Tony said.
“Friday, can you run that last update against the Norway projections, please?” Foster’s team were tasked with catching his errors and, yeah, it was a massive relief to know they were supervising, but last month’s space plumbing snafu had just been embarrassing. In hindsight, Tony supposed a toilet so powerful it also flushed its user ass-first into vacuum may count as “excessive force”. Darcy was still sending him Alien Resurrection gifs.
“I know.”
She studied him, her eyes gentle but relentless. “I said we had been trying to reach you, but no, you didn’t know yet.” Steve felt Tony exhale, sagging deeper against him. “He said he would meet you at home.” Nat grimaced. “He was… eager to be the one to tell you.”
Steve grimaced in rueful acknowledgment that he’d be well outmatched by her if it came to that, and the young Queen laughed easily, knowing the same. Yet between them lay a comfortable understanding that she meant her words; that it was Steve’s choice, and she would honor his decision.
Tony’s voice sounded… odd. “Let’s just focus on Steve-”
And then, Stark’s army of lawyers had ripped the Accords apart, forcing through amendments and protocols that Steve had never dreamed of, the finalized document safeguarding their ability to act as they saw fit in the interest of humanity. In truth, as an organization the Avengers had emerged better off than before, able to call on expert international assistance rather than being forced to scramble through situations on their own.
The billionaire stood still, thinking. “Kinda an anti-climax, if I’m honest.”
“Charming,” he says without an ounce of warmth in his voice.
“We?” Ty gasped.
“Please, tell me what happened after you came back, Tony. What changed?” Nat asked, her gentleness unbearable, cutting him to the core.
He paused, struggling to find the right words. “I do still think there’s a serious risk that the Accords will interfere with our work. We have to be able to go where we’re needed. But I can see now why it might be better to stay on the team, regardless. And if I can do the most good as an Avenger, then that’s where I need to be.”
. I know you and I love you, and
“Identities confirmed. Decryption initiated.” FRIDAY was quiet, then a nearby screen lit up to show Nebula’s face.
“How embarrassing, I hate repeating myself.”
“My brother is not one to easily surrender such power,” Thor speaks up. “And he is even less likely to wield it responsibly. I fear that Earth may yet feel his vengeance.”
“No, no, he’s alive, Tony,” his friend rushed to reassure him. “We didn’t lose him. It’s okay. Steve’s alive.”
“Okay,” Sam said, after a beat. “That’s okay, Steve. We’ll get you help.”
For the first time, Steve turned, looked him in the eye. It should have been reassuring, but a chill went through Tony at the emptiness in the super-soldier’s eyes. “I don’t want to watch you die again,” the man said, calmly, as if discussing the weather.
But instead she just studied his face, her gentleness somehow more devastating. “What happened with Steve, Tony?”
It was a good thing that Team Earth had gone first.
Brat. “Yeah yeah, okay,” Tony sighed. “I take it you got your mail.”
Tony obeyed, because what else.
Tony was screaming.
“I’ve never heard you sing.”
“God, Tony,” Steve felt like his heart was splitting open, “is it really so hard to believe?” When the other man just shook his head, Steve pressed on. “I spent two years trying to hate you, trying to forget that night ever happened, but somehow despite everything you’re
Tony found his way back to full cognition eventually, still twitching from aftermath. Opening his eyes, he saw above him a serene, not-at-all-smug Steve wiping him down with a fresh cloth. Tony lay quiet, unable to imagine a benefit to ever moving again, and watched the other man care for him. There was a contented curve to Steve’s lips that Tony approved of, even if it meant Steve had won. Tony might even let him win again, for the scientific benefit of, uhhh… astronomy. Five stars? Galaxies. When he was done, Steve tossed the cloth aside and began studying Tony’s body again, but this time he didn’t keep his distance; instead he reached out to brush his fingers along the myriad scars visible on Tony’s skin.
nothing
The young Queen eyed him, sharp with teenage knowing. “How about you ask him yourself.”
And then he was gone.
“Step one, you come
They go to Shuri, her head bandaged. Wakanda has their leader. The Captain wonders how much she will hate the job. The Queen’s grief is compressed, flashes diamond-bright, but she is busy trespassing, invading, saving what’s left of the world. Romanoff and Banner sit Thor in a chair and step up, fingers tapping, minds assessing. Half the world’s population has vanished, Shuri says, but the Captain has no time. Crises bloom faster than despair. Thor’s not speaking.
“She says he shows potential,” came the reply.
And Tony would have believed her, if not for the quick look she and Rhodey exchanged.
Tony gave him a long look. “Nope.”
Steve ignored him, instead raised the Gauntlet. “It glowed red when it changed before.”
“Ah yes,” Bruce said softly. “That time the Avengers beat up an airport instead of communicating like adults. If only Tony could learn from your example.”
He fell asleep, adrift in impossible promises.
“Damn,” Tony muttered, struggling to imagine such a hideous end for the young couple.
When the morning came, he would leave. Until then, he would pretend. He was only keeping watch.
Then a madman snapped his fingers and stole his future.
Instead, reluctantly, he listens.
Tony blinked down at him, grateful but slightly thrown by the sudden change of subject. “Plot, legacy or opinions?”
The Soul Stone placed her hands on her hips and surveyed Steve and Tony, still sitting tangled on the ground. “Any other housekeeping requests, before I go?”
,” cried the Captain, and in that moment, Steve felt himself wrenched clear of the web, floating, sinking away to a dead place that felt familiar, intimate, correct.
“Uh,” Steve said, peering over her shoulder. “What happened here?” Tony followed his gaze towards the car, where a dozen arrows were buried several inches into the ground.
“Because I also knew how that conversation would end,” Steve said softly, hunching a little further away. “Think about it, Tony. You and Pepper were good. You were so happy together. If I’d come to you back then and told you I had feelings for you, would you really have risked losing her?”
Steve rolls his eyes. “No shit,” he says, at which Tony actually
Screaming.
His recorded voice went on begging, but Tony had blocked out the sound, consumed with the sight of Steve staggering backwards, away from the screens, away from Tony-
He pulled back to study Steve’s face. “What do you want to happen now?”
Granted, the initial surge of catastrophic threats had relented as more and more people rallied towards collaborative survival. Humanity had even racked up some heartening wins, but every day they lost far more than they managed to save. All Steve knew was that Tony had said there was no other way; he hoped that meant these losses weren’t permanent but merely strange eddies in some hideous unreality; he had to believe one day the Devastation would be undone. The battlefield part of him recognized that his belief was too convenient to be trustworthy, most likely a protective mechanism no different to any foolish superstition, but it also kept him detached enough to function despite the staggering losses.
“Ohhhh, I have a bad feeling about this,” Tony muttered, but he had nothing else to try. First, he reinforced his suit to keep the purple energy from touching his own unprotected flesh. He lifted Steve and sat behind him, cradling the super-soldier in his lap. Then he dismissed his right glove, and gently slipped his bare hand inside the Gauntlet as far as he could.
Seeking refuge from distraction Tony deployed the full suit. “Friday, report.”
A soft splashing alerted him that someone was nearby, but the cracks would spread if he moved, and so Steve sat still, eyes fixed wide on nothing. The someone knelt beside him, touched his shoulder, interrupted his view. Nebula, face stern, eyes kind. Had he never noticed?
“Yeah, since when exactly?” he said, already knowing the answer. “He needs to see me too.”
“You’re the gift, kid,” Tony murmured in his ear. Somehow he had the words for this. “I’m sorry that I haven’t been around as much as I should. I’m sorry for- well, a lot of things I haven’t done. Some that I have. But I hope you know that meeting you, knowing you, has been the single greatest honor of my life. You mean the world to me, Pete. From now on, I promise to show it, I’ll do better, I swear.”
The billionaire was smirking at him when he looked up. “See? Anti-climax,” Tony remarked, then ducked away laughing as Steve reached out to cover his mouth. Safely beyond his reach, Tony activated his wrist device and began his report to a tiny holographic Shuri.
“Jeez, Tony,” his friend complained. “Give me a heads up or something before you do that Nosferatu shit, maybe?”
But because Bruce was a wonderful, tactful friend, he changed the subject himself; Romanoff, who to her credit looked embarrassed by her part in the awkwardness, also stepped up to smooth the conversation over. By the time the crowd began to disperse, the three of them were firmly returned to merriment and soon left on their own quest, marching off arm in arm in search of Bruce’s favorite, long-lost foods.
Instead of interrupting Steve and his muscles, Tony sought out Shuri. The Queen was sitting with Okoye and Bruce, the adults teaching her how to peel and prepare some local edible ahead of the evening meal. After Thor’s success with the Bifrost had gone undetected by anything on Titan, they had taken full advantage of the Asgardian’s ability to shuttle team members back and forth to Earth, letting the Titan team avail of instant healing - the wildlife here was mean - or just take some rest. Only Tony and Steve so far hadn’t returned, out of the original team, and this was Shuri’s first day on the alien planet. She’d been arguing for the opportunity since Thor’s first return, but both her age and responsibilities back home had counted against her. Yet as the weeks went by with no sign of Thanos and nothing bar some ugly space critters to offer any danger, the case for keeping the young Queen safe on Earth had weakened to where she’d finally had her way. Now that she was here, it was hard to resist her enthusiasm, really.
“I didn’t plan it,” Tony whispered, his voice cracking. “Just so you know. That night, I didn’t… It wasn’t revenge.”
“You said we’d have a kid,” he whispers, then wilts.
“Peter,” May whispered, and Tony felt a distant blast of relief, that she could be the one to talk the kid out of this madness.
“Next step is eating, right?” Rhodey asked. That sounded sensible. Tony remembered a hunger, before.
?” For the first time, his mask of icy civility slipped. “You refused before. Twice. You wouldn’t listen to Nat, or Vision, or anyone. Instead it was all about
It’s too much. Steve shakes his head. Drags a breath.
…and yet.
/ˌtransfəˈmeɪʃ(ə)n
Steve and Tony turned to face each other, the odd mirror-like ground beneath them also beginning to crack and bend. Neither spoke. The past six months had been a long road pitted with near-disasters, all leading up to this moment. Their last moment, in all likelihood. Steve held out his left hand, and Tony took it. Perhaps some other version of them would live on in some other future, remembering other lifetimes, sharing other circles. In exchange for saving half the universe, this wasn’t such a bad bargain.
Tony pressed a long kiss to his lips, hoping to distract him. “Enough to make me wanna take you home right now.”
“Total surprise,” Tony admitted. “He only showed me yesterday. Pretty cool stuff.”
The alien smiled wider, which did nothing to improve his looks. “Six years ago, you destroyed my ship.” He tilted his head. “I liked that ship.”
?” Tony heard Bruce exclaim loudly behind him, and the next thing he knew, the scientist was squeezing him tight. “Tony! Nat just told me! You’re getting married?”
Steve buried his face into Tony’s shoulder, probably failing to hide his smile. “Did you sleep?” he asked. “Because it only counts as morning if you sleep.” Which was supposed to be a joke, but when Steve looked up and saw Tony’s expression, his words trailed away in a sudden fog of foreboding, because Tony looked… wrong.
Tony coughed once, experimentally. “As I recall, I told you not to watch that movie.” His voice was croaky but functional, and brought a smile to Rhodey’s face.
Then it was May’s turn for goodbye, the two mumbling soft words back and forth, both spilling tears, much to the kid’s embarrassment. Yet when Wilson and Strange stepped through the portal, Peter followed without looking back.
He was crying too, but there was nothing else to be done, and so Tony ignored Steve’s pleas. Dismissed the armor. Stood cold in the wind and looked far down to the sharp rocks below, trying to pretend his shaking was from anything but terror.
, the wizard’s words were supposed to be a comfort, not a trap; he did not want to die and leave Steve in this lonely place. I don’t want to go, whispered the wind, and Tony felt a dizzying wave of unreality rise through him, threatening to knock him off his feet. He staggered closer to the cliff edge, terrified he would lose his resolve if he stopped to think, would flinch and fail and ruin everything after all. Steve stepped forward as if to follow, but Nebula was ready, and the super-soldier was surrounded by a blue glow that swept him off the ground and held him there, immobile.
For years, he had lived by these terms. Had kept the bargain.
“Who?” Tony asked.
Helen had turned towards the glass window, to the silent audience Steve’s sharp mind had been carefully avoiding. “I will run these tests myself, Nurse Parker, if you could perhaps show me the way back to the lab?”
Tony turned back to her with sudden laser focus, brilliant mind hungry as ever. “Right, but first, where are we? What
Hospital logs indicate that after being placed on a ventilator, Captain Steven Grant Rogers continued to deteriorate, suffering catastrophic organ failure secondary to septic infection. The patient went into full cardiac arrest at 22:19. Despite multiple extreme measures, his heart failed to restart.
If this was how Tony really felt about these past two years…
Steve Rogers would run off and do something heroically stupid at the first opportunity; of course Tony hadn’t been watching, not when it mattered, not when it could have helped. He didn’t say goodbye, Tony thought, but he shook the hurt out of his head. No time. The others had already left, and the spasm of terror was lifting now, enough to walk, enough to run.
“Uh,” Steve said, their words stinging more than he’d like. “Okay, I hear you. But is that really… I mean… Isn’t that just the job?”
Then he coughed. His throat hurt.
Red Skull gave him a disinterested glance, then returned to staring at Steve. “That is no mystery. I showed him the way. As was my duty.”
yet another erection against his thigh, an ode to scientific endeavor everywhere.
; its orange light flared to an unbearable brightness, and despite the alien joy pulsing in his heart, Steve was forced to turn his head away, his eyes stinging with more than tears. “A soul for a soul,” Steve heard the faceless man say; the painful huffing sound of Schmidt’s amusement transformed into rich delighted laughter before fading away.
; Tony couldn’t stop grinning.
The billionaire kept studying him, seemed about to speak, but was interrupted by Thanos.
“Pepper, I swear, I didn’t mean to-” Tony began but she interrupted, “I don’t
“What if I say no?” He kept his voice steady and watched for her reaction.
Dr Lewis finished taking the second sample and left after a significantly more subdued rounds of goodbyes.
“I know,” he said. But he didn’t; instead he trash talked hospital food which somehow turned into May tricking him into promising his attendance at Peter’s celebration dinner. Therefore in the spirit of vengeance, when the kid returned Tony managed to sweet-talk May as his self-appointed friend into letting him have just one blessed sip of her dreadful coffee. Between that and the sandwich, Tony’s mood drastically improved, and by the time his new official nurse took him off the drip, he felt well enough to get out of bed.
In this world, there is nothing yet to lose.
I don’t want this,
Stark was talking excitedly “-and apparently he can see any living person in the universe, no matter where they are. Thor says his father took him in when he was young but he already had the gift, they never did figure out where it came from-”
At first, pure relief kept Tony stuck in place, speechless. But the carefully hidden hurt in Steve’s voice cracked his heart wide open, and then - despite his mind listing a thousand reasons why this was a
“Pretty good, right?” Ty’s voice purred over the speakers. “The surgeries were very expensive, but what a result. He looks
“Aka the Space Stone,” Tony explained, sitting heavily. “Looks like a big shiny blue cube. Something like the Mind Stone in Vision’s head. But the Tesseract’s abilities are more about bending space, creating wormholes, all that good shit. It’s how Loki was able to bring the Chitauri through to New York.”
In the end, they climbed.
He couldn’t tell which of them was the more shocked. Even in Steve’s limited experience, the kiss felt clumsy; Tony’s mouth stayed hard and dry and unresponsive beneath his own.
“You and Steve,” she said, simmering, neutral. Hurt?
Rolling onto his back, Tony grabbed the lube and unceremoniously began coating Steve’s cock, already painfully hard and leaking; the other man folded at his touch, curling in to bury his cry against Tony’s shoulder. “I’m ready for you, I promise, I want this, Steve, I want you, I love you-” Tony chanted, somehow desperate to be heard, believed.
“Maybe you should give him a minute,” Bucky said carefully.
With their usual affectionate rivalry, Hope and Natasha immediately clashed over who could get into Stone’s basement first. Seeing no reason to pick a side, Steve assigned them both to the primary team, with Scott and Clint for backup. Vision shared some careful doubts regarding his current combat abilities, the Pym-miniaturized arc reactor in his head glowing a steady blue, but pairing him with Wanda was an easy solve. Steve placed the two on the secondary team with Sam and Rhodey to handle any secondary missions. Bruce would remain with Thor in Norway, overseeing the feast.
Seeing the devastation in Steve’s eyes, Tony realized how incomplete his math had been.
He wants to joke. Make them smile. Thanos dropped a moon on me, he wants to say. I went into space and everyone I met was stupid. The wizard had a magic cape, and it died when he died. Died for me. They were dead now. He was dead.
what I was doing, I could have fucked it all up a million times-”
“How long was I out, anyway?” he asked.
“It’s a stupid story,” Steve said sourly. “Her stupid cat tried to steal my chicken, I gave myself a concussion chasing it, the end.” But when he looked up, Tony was trying and failing to smother his laughter, and Steve thought maybe the story wasn’t so bad after all.
“Oh,” Bruce said. “Okay.” Tony dropped Bruce’s arm like it was on fire, for a horrible moment not knowing what to say.
His optimism was exhausting. “Making more would take weeks, maybe months,” Tony explained gently. “He doesn’t have that kind of time.” Steve didn’t have any kind of time.
Instead, in the shallow water.
Nerves still jangling, Steve swallowed once, hard. He then raised his chin and followed Bucky towards the plane. As they approached the others, Steve spotted Zemo further into the Prince’s ship, safely restrained with some fancy-looking tech covering his mouth and ears. Steve struggled to maintain his usual professional calm as they reached T’Challa, the Prince nodding a serene greeting to them both.
Steve dropped his cup, heedless of the splash of lukewarm coffee across the table because his eyes -
In one quick motion, Steve ripped Tony’s shirt right off his body and Tony threw his heart in a box for later because oh my
But the wretch slowed down instead, a denial which itself felt like a declaration of war; Steve, of course, playing the perfect soldier, marching off to battle armed only with spit and a plucky 1940s attitude. God.
Yet despite the reassurance he should have felt, the exhaustion wrapping tendrils of weakness throughout his body, Tony hadn’t been able to sleep. He had watched the morning dawn bright and clear, Steve snoring neatly beside him. Feeling nothing, despite everything.
“I thought you were dead,” Steve said, “but that’s not…” He shook his head, jaw clenched, and gestured at the phone.
of possibilities lurking under those words, all kinds of ideas in those darkened blue eyes.
“Guy? What guy?” Steve said.
Bruce laughed, already turning away. “No kidding.”
“I can’t…” Steve said, barely audible from behind the oxygen mask. “I can’t…”
of that, maybe there was still hope, maybe it
As the mansion began to burn in earnest, the two assassins made their exit, promising to meet them back at the Compound. Keenly aware of his own exhaustion, Tony called shotgun for the ride home. As Steve drove off, Tony turned for one last glimpse, seeing the first lick of flames erupt along the roof.
Tony reached out.
, I’m ready, I swear, I want you to fuck me right now,
Tony could barely conceal his smugness, and he pressed a kiss on the other man’s forehead. “Not to brag, but
was fully repaired, Tony usually spent his evenings working on in the lab until the minute Steve came and got him; all bar Sundays, when he and Rhodey took their upgraded nanosuits out for a spin. The rest of the lab crew seemed content to nap when they dropped; if nothing else, their erratic schedule meant there was always at least one other person awake and working in there. But as he was kinda the key to the restoration of half the universe, Steve insisted on putting Tony to bed at a reasonable hour. At first he’d argued for a full eight-hour window to recover optimal function, but Tony claimed to be one of those rare humans who naturally thrived on just five hours’ sleep a night, so Steve had given in. Well, maybe Tony had had to convince him. There may have been a presentation. With bullet points. And a few scans, with expert testimony from Shuri and Bruce. Anyway. Early in the second week, Tony had stopped arguing when Steve showed up every evening, and halfway through week three had admitted that the regular schedule may have improved the quality of his work. Steve tried not to be smug.
On the other side of the room, he could hear the New York team also getting organized. Doctor Strange and Wong stood by, here and there commenting on the preparations. Rogers, of course, was legally obliged to stay in the Compound until an imminent threat appeared, as per his parole, but permission should be granted for him to patrol New York without much fuss. Sam had chosen to stick with the Captain, as usual, and from what Tony could overhear, Scott and Hope would also be called in from the west coast. They would need additional air support, but he assumed they would ask Rhodey to fill that role when he got back. Tony made a mental note to brief Peter as well. Since Happy was away, he might as well call the kid himself. Completed protocols or not, Peter knew better than to get involved with any actual battles, but he should be told to keep his eyes and ears open.
The two aliens referred to themselves as the Children of Thanos. Apparently aliens could learn magic too, he discovered. Steve also learned that New Yorkers were great at responding to invasion alerts, their steady evacuation further supporting the theory that public alerts would help minimize civilian casualties. The property damage, unfortunately, couldn’t be helped. Things improved rapidly once Spider-Man showed up, which was embarrassing as both an adult and a soldier. Stark’s new nano-suit performed magnificently. Steve got thrown into a duck pond. While he was distracted, Wong saved Stark’s life, and got invited to his wedding.
Wrestling his own surging terror, Tony tried to find words to respond, to comfort, but he ran out of time.
His best friend shook his head, grabbed Tony into a crushing hug. “You’re the worst liar,” he choked out. “I would stay, you know.”
Steve took Tony’s hand and smiled. “Then lead on.”
Contrary to popular mythology, Steve often struggled with doubt. Not on the battlefield, of course. But uncertainty plagued him everywhere else, even if he knew better than to admit it out loud. Since he could remember, he’d had the horrible feeling he was missing something vital, something important. It seemed everyone else could just step out their door in the morning and blend right into the great wide world, but not him. If life was a dance, he’d never learned the steps. Even Peggy’s interest in him had felt slightly impossible, somehow unreal, right up until their first, and last, kiss.
/ɪntɪˈɡreɪʃ(ə)n/
“Anything. Everything. Books, movies. Things you’ve seen on vacation, stuff you’re currently working on, whatever.”
In sudden, sure horror, Steve surged forward to grab his hand. “Tony, you
But too late, he was too late, as Thanos drew his arm back and punched Rogers in his unprotected ribs, the sickening crunch audible to everyone on the street. The alien then tossed him aside, Rogers rolling down the steps in a helpless tangle of limbs. Tony was screaming, every part of him was screaming and then he was fighting Thanos one-on-one, beating at him as if he could force the the alien to take it back, as if the alien could
, Steve thought.
The former Avenger caught it without even looking. “Don’t be cranky; it’s a common practice among senior citizens. Plus I know you have some big plans for later.”
But in a sickening rush, Steve remembered where he was.
The worst part was that he knew Tony would rather launch himself into another wormhole than let anyone see him break down like this, but Steve couldn’t seem to stop
He touches the strap on his wrist, aching for who first put it there. “If I change what happens here,” he says heavily, “it won’t change what happened before, will it?”
“I promise I’ll try,” Steve said. “Is that… can that be enough, Tony?”
“Already?” Steve answered, unable to keep the surprise out of his voice, and Tony snorted. “I mean, yes, understood, proceed to phase two.”
Tony nodded. Flying in the suit might help steady him more, but if he freaked out mid-flight, he wouldn’t get back to the Compound in time. On a plane, worst case scenario, he could hide in the bathroom. “Any word on how they got so close without tripping the doorbell?”
“Yes, Stark has been explaining your past captivity,” T’Challa said, and Bucky twitched once, as if surprised. Steve just felt numb. He should have known he could trust Tony to be fair. “This control Hydra still wields over you,” the prince was saying. “Would it be your wish to have it permanently revoked?”
“Buck,” he snapped, curt in the face of threat, but the other man was striding forward. Casually.
“You were
Days.
Steve was frowning again, and Tony rushed to explain. “I know it’s not much of a plan, there’s still so much work to do to figure out our next steps but it means there’s a solution, Steve, there’s a way to do this, all
Steve tried to turn his head, but the cold dark-
It almost didn’t matter.
Almost, in that moment, his enemy.
Of course, Tony has the answers. “Well, red is the classic, right? True love, passion, all that jazz. Orange can mean either pride or desire, pink is gratitude and admiration. Ivory roses mean richness and perfection, so obviously they’re the flower equivalent of me-”
Nebula tilted her head to one side, considering. “Regardless. I will help.”
Initially, Tony had planned to confront Ty alone.
“Yeah yeah, laugh it up, fuzzface,” Tony griped, but it was natural then, easy, to get up and start the day together, go find food together, assemble the team together, and later comfort Thor together before spending the first of many more nights wrapped in each others’ arms; it was natural, and easy, and Tony let himself enjoy this strange new intimacy without caring about the questioning glances or the awkward whispers, because this was the future where he would save everyone, this was the only way, and he could make it as beautiful as he wanted.
“Babe?” He sounded annoyed. “You there?”
“I have to go,” Tony blurted, and ended the call. He stared at the inert icon on the nano-display, flushed with immediate regret. “Friday, send follow-up text: Sorry, darling, had to run. Duty calls, you know how it is. See you on Sunday.” He paused. “I love you. End text.”
But then he was there, kneeling in front of Tony,
“Good enough to make me miss you even more,” the answer came. “So tell me, when are you coming home?”
“Captain Rogers?” an unexpected voice asks. Steve blinks, stunned, because it cannot be.
Tony regained consciousness slowly, found himself lying flat on his back with a horrendous headache.
His heart rate had returned to something like normal by the time he reached Tony in the main lab. The billionaire wasn’t expecting him so soon in the evening, and peered at Steve suspiciously from within a galaxy of holographic displays.
Steve had also been examining the building. “Looks quiet.”
,” Steve told him. Begged. The terror had leaked into his voice. It should have been humiliating, but his heart was pounding too hard for Steve to think. “I- I have to… Tony, I don’t know how to-”
, Tony assumed with dull interest.
distracted because he forgot to end the call and Tony was treated to a few seconds of excited Ned vs bemused Peter arguing over ‘how many comic books were too many comic books when one was
These interactions, however important, had never gotten less awkward. There were too many people staring for sincerity, so Tony opted for blithe cheeriness. “Hey, love is love,” he grinned. “But how about you ask me something I can answer. Do you have any questions about what we’re doing here today? You know, the billion-dollar space defense system we’re about to deploy?”
The secret launch the previous week had also gone smoothly, the system’s operations requiring little real input from Tony or Shuri in the days since. Thus far things had been, as Shuri had alluded to earlier, kinda boring.
Truth. “I want this, I want you, Steve,
“We go back,” Tony said, a dangerous light in his eyes daring Steve to disagree. To deny him. “And you sign.”
The blonde doctor eyed the increased beeping of the machines. “Tell you what, Captain Rogers,” she said. “Give us twenty minutes and he’ll be right back to sit with you. Okay?”
His breath shuddered once, then his chest tightened, and Steve recognized the once-familiar signs of an asthma attack, the air itself becoming his enemy, panic and rage and sorrow charging in behind. He gasped harder, hearing himself wheeze, he couldn’t breathe, he couldn’t- he couldn’t-
“Easy, Cap,” Tony was murmuring in his ear, easily supporting his weight with the armor’s assistance. Always strong. “Let’s just take a minute, then we gotta get to work.”
Steve looked shyly pleased. “Yeah, Nat came up with it as a fallback, just in case Friday couldn’t find all the copies. Honestly I didn’t think I could pull it off until I saw…” He trailed off, suddenly uncomfortable.
Tony thought, and snickered.
“He hates you because of me,” Tony clarified. “Because I told him about Siberia. And after. He knows everything.”
- from Steve’s lack of faith.
, at all times and everywhere. He wanted to find something useful to do, but he didn’t even know where to begin. People at SHIELD had offered to help, but they all looked at Steve with so much awe that he felt like even more of a fraud.
Steve half-shook his head, his voice sad. “Being alive.” His eyes drifted closed.
“You misunderstand, dear Captain,” Ty interrupted smugly. “Your name is his safeword.”
one,” Steve hissed. “Together. You promised, remember?”
And a ring.
And there was a discreet but exasperating ping from FRIDAY, the signal to request their full attention. At least the interruption had made Tony jump too.
, and sure, that was almost definitely just an affectionate expression of platonic relief that Tony had then ruined forever with his stupid tongue but… maybe not?
“Wouldn’t I?” Steve whispered, his voice like death itself.
“Then give him antibiotics,” Tony snapped, leaping to his feet. “He needs treatment, medication, he-” His face crumpled. “Don’t just stand there, Helen,
The other man tried to shrug. “In my defense, those first couple years, I didn’t really let myself think about it, just told myself we were work friends and nothing more. But after you retired, nothing felt right without you, until one day, I woke up and I just… knew.”
“Just saying, Doc, it’s all well and good you turning up for the big parades, but don’t think that’s enough to make you a fucking hero,” he sneered. “Around here, we value people who show the fuck up.” But as Barton’s gaze slid sideways in his direction, Tony realized that the archer’s venom was targeted at
“What?” Steve rasped in sudden distress, panicked blue eyes piercing Tony’s own. “
When the remaining four Stones were gathered on Earth, Thanos would have no choice but to attack. The magical Doctor and his gloom-faced monk friend would be able harness the power of the Stones to protect the planet, while the Avengers would take on Thanos directly.
was there at the window.
/rɛstəˈreɪʃ(ə)n/
Tony groaned and stretched his arms high above his head, the knotted muscles in his upper back twinging in protest. Sitting still was the worst. Fuck mornings too. He’d actually got enough sleep for once, had woken up early with about an hour’s worth of design tweaks for the orbital landing platforms freshly baked in his head, but the rest of the day had stretched easily before him, full of promise and serenity.
Back before the Army, he’d spent endless dark days watching others go off to war, trying and failing to find ways to be useful, to
“But you’ll
For an endless moment, Tony struggled to comprehend such a question; a fish asked to define the sea. He concentrated again on the steering wheel beneath his hands, as if there was some clue buried there that could save him. “…yes.”
He sat and stared at where the sun should have been.
Perfection, Tony thought, when at last he could think again.
“Of course,” the dark-haired woman said. But she gave Tony a hug before leaving. A hug he returned. When the two women had left, Tony pushed a chair close to his side of the glass and sat down.
“I can’t see you.”
… right up until he’d kissed him.
This time, he thought of Peggy, her loss still so raw, still so unbelievable. Steve’s mind fastened onto their first meeting, how her fiery spirit had immediately captured his attention, then his imagination. How he’d longed to draw her. How he’d never dared ask. Not yet, he’d kept telling himself. Not now. After their dance. After the war.
Tony responded without thought, stumbling blindly into the unbearable light. “Steve!” he called into the nothingness. He felt a resistance ahead like a strong magnetic repulsion, and he concentrated on pushing through, lifting off the ground when his steps failed; the arc reactor began to whine with increasing effort, the light around him pulsing faintly blue in response. Tony breathed a quick sigh of relief as his visor finally adapted and he started to make out shapes within the light, then he nearly screamed himself. Steve was collapsed on the charred ground, the Gauntlet useless at his side. The Power Stone was still in his unprotected left hand, the super-soldier’s arm slowly dissolving into cinders as the purple energy burned his flesh, traveling towards his heart.
And now Steve has to look away, has to blink back the tears, because no matter how many times he has asked himself that question, he has found no answer that he can live with, no possibility that brings him a single shred of comfort.
“Oh thank god, Steve, she said they’d lost you, that you might never come back, I didn’t know what to do, she said you were just
“Well, I don’t,” Nebula snapped, holding the Gauntlet high, ready to defend.
Too restrained, given what Tony craved, in this one moment, more than he’d ever craved anything in his stupid glorious life. “Steve,” Tony whispered breathlessly, “please, harder.” The other man shuddered and stopped moving, looking down at him with blue eyes so impossibly earnest and
Barton’s voice sounded very far away. “Uh… So that’s new.”
Nebula scowled, still her habitual reaction to any perceived friendliness. “I have not requested your presence on this mission.”
Rhodey swore, a harsh, ugly string of sounds. “When we couldn’t make contact with him, we assumed he’d gone to ground.”
Steve opened his eyes, screaming, his very bones torn asunder by some unseen monster, but Tony was there again, which was how Steve knew he was still dreaming, was trapped in a nightmare both fluorescent and horrible, machines and tubes curling around him, blank-faced strangers carving him apart and Tony was there, standing in the door, so far away and Steve couldn’t reach, could never
“Do not move him!” the tall man orders; the Captain snarls, but Steve listens, hears the words, bleeding, stabilized, pressure, shock. Fumbling, he takes Tony’s hand, presses it against his cheek, waits while the others go, to and fro. Eyes flutter open. Steve sees. Then Tony, weak; Steve’s hand to his lips; Steve shakes. Relief, warm, together.
Six weeks since the reunited Avengers had announced to the world that there was a way to bring everyone back, broadcast on every radio and TV left on the planet.
“You’re the one who – I mean, I think it’s fairly obvious that you’re the one who makes me better. Before you, I had nothing. I
Steve had been perplexed, “How?”
“I’m not mad at you, Anthony.” Steven says, “It’s not even that upsetting, really. Lets me know when I need to reel it back. But it is disappointing, sometimes.”
Tony shakes his head, “Never on purpose.”
Steven Hrothgars leans against Anthony Hrothgars, laughing as his mate scowls fiercely at Bucky for his present of a goose.
Tony’s returning smile, assuring and cruel both, had been what had finally relented the twisting fixture of Steve’s fingers until they sat flat against the earth.
“Keep moving.” Bucky clutches Anthony’s arm, pulls him forward, forcing him to walk.
“You’re lying,” Steve says, “I saw how you looked at me.”
how much better you make me just by being yourself, by being someone I want to impress.”
(The memory of him still hurts, how young he’d been, untouched by Steve.)
“That’s a prettier sight.”
Steve rolls his eyes, “I’m not the genius between the two of us. We’re not gonna figure that out today. Think more short-term.”
Anthony doesn’t quite know if he fits here, amongst the warriors, but he looks to Steven and knows what holds him in place.
Tony mumbles his approval, and Steve breathes in at controlled lengths, pulling the blanket over them both. It takes some re-adjusting but ends with Tony in the cocoon of Steve’s arms, a warm light that Steve holds with ill-concealed glee.
“Oh, ho, ho, look at me, Mister tough Alpha. Don’t need protection.” Anthony says, voice deep and throaty. “Don’t need nothing.”
“You’re not contributing.” Steven says, bluntly.
“Thank you.” He says, finally.
Tony watches Steve pull at his scalp for all of three seconds before he’s reaching out, pulling the hands into his. Steve’s hands unfurl and he grips Tony’s hands, eyes on where the gauntlet is shimmering just out of apparition.
Bucky moves from his place behind Anthony’s shoulder, puts his knee over Stane’s back, and leans forward to mutter at the man.
Much later, Anthony is sore and sated in a manner all too different from the sparring, laying on his stomach by Steven’s side. The Alpha is scrawling Anthony’s figure on an old map, long black chalk the only sound, scratching away in the backdrop of their tent.
Steven spends the next hour almost pointed in his busyness, ensuring Gregory is guarded by people he trusts. The chilling, dark shade that passes over Gregory’s expression when he sees Steven pass, his eyes following him like a promise, unsettles Steven enough that he arranges Maria, Bucky and Natasha on alternating shifts over the man.
Steven flinches.
Steven smiles as he watches Anthony sink to his knees to stroke the eagle’s feathers, careful and doting. America whistles, a series of notes that sound like she’s complaining.
“You in there?” Tony jokes, poorly. He strokes his thumbs across the skin on Steve’s cheeks, and the boy’s eyelashes flutter in tracking the motion. “Steve, Steve, it’s okay. Come back.”
He sighs, standing up. He should give this to Pepper to organise. And he should probably draft a letter to be sent back.
“For a moment,” Anthony concedes, “And I have broken your trust for not telling you my brother was your enemy.”
He’s falling until he isn’t. Tony falls with him, blue eyes burning. Time slows and they’re not so much falling as they are floating.
“It is a little funny.” Steven interjects.
He loses patience after a moment, lifts Anthony into a bridal carry.
“Family.” Anthony whispers.
“You want it?” Steve asks. He pulls them down onto the floor, lays back and stretches his arms out. He knows what it does to Tony to see the sprawl of muscle, and smirks openly when Tony’s eyes skip over his shoulders. He clears his throat, and Tony snaps back to him.
“I build weapons too.” Anthony says.
“Mr. Stark was here,” Steve says, though his mom already knows that, “He would have – I mean, he must have done it for a reason, right?”
His hands reach around to Tony’s cock, instinctively closing his fist around it, and stroking upwards. Tony isn’t quite hard yet, and Steve relishes in dragging his hand across the length of it, letting his fingertips trail over the underskin slowly, teasingly. Tony wraps a hand around his mouth, muffled moan blurring through.
Bucky navigates them through the smoke. Anthony still feels lost, and mostly stumbles behind Bucky, fingers clutching the loose end of his tunic so as to not be lost in the rapidly smothering smoke.
“Oh jeez, look at the time! Let’s sleep!” Steve says, pushing them both into the mattress and quickly covering Tony with the comforter.
The sight that greets them is unexpected.
“Because your instinct is to protect. Whenever you have used your brain and reached your hands out to metal, it has always been to help someone. Me, Bucky, Clint, Nat,
“You want subtlety and you’re asking for Tony’s help?” Natasha smirks.
She lashes out, impossibly fast, finally ticked off. She grabs him by his wrist, pulls him forward and into herself. Knocks his head with the blunt of her dagger.
He sinks down and kisses Steve, tipping him over, and onto the floor. There’s a moment where the world stutters, and then Steve’s floating again, through the clouds.
Anthony smiles, looks away when he sees Parker scrambling up the rocks, a bolt on his back.
“Well.” His mom says, “Was it worth it?”
Steve looks at him for a moment, calm eyes flickering over Tony’s face before putting down the blow-dryer and walking over. He sits on the bed and Tony meets his gaze curiously.
“I have been waiting for quite some time.” Schmidt greets.
“You have given him foolish notions.” Gregory retorts, “He has come to believe in... liberal ideology. But he will learn. I will re-make him.”
“That bad, huh?” Steve steps neatly in front of the coffee machine before Tony can even turn it on.
Damage control. They’re keeping something quiet.
“I want the custard filled one.” Tony demands.
His eyes flick open.
Anthony finishes awkwardly, skin reddening slightly, the tint only barely noticeable on his olive skin.
“Bucky?” Anthony touches his shoulder.
Anthony certainly plays the role of bored, impertinent omega with ease. It would be a perfect disguise were it not for his keen interest in their battle meetings, discussions where Steven’s grown accustomed to him sitting by his side, silent but ever-watchful.
“I think this is it.” Thor says, finally.
“No, it’s not.”
“I am above such degradation.” Schmidt spits, “I am above designation.”
“Captain!” Schmidt booms out loud, “You said you wanted Hydra. No more false faces. You’re looking right at him.”
“Uh, hang on,” Steve pulls his phone out and turns it on again. As they wait, he meets his mom’s gaze, quiet and watchful in her chair. She smiles, a hint of worry apparent in the way it curls at the corner.
Tony laughs harshly, head in his hands as he sits at the table.
“Yes,” Anthony says, “Just thinking.”
“Not sure if he intended that to be a gift for the ceremony itself.” Bucky says.
Steve closes his eyes, lets the clasp of Zeus push him down and away from the sky. He brings his arms out, and sighs, comfortable to succumb to the madness of sensation. Twenty, fourty, sixty feet come and go. His breath is stolen by the wind. His eyes sting.
“I just want you.” Steven says, “I just want to show you – how much you – let me show you.”
He hears Anthony walk up to him. He’s been taught how to walk like a hunter by Natasha, but he’s unused to it, slips up when he feels safe.
Steven’s stormy expression as he walks past Anthony, eyes unfocused and bright with rage, tells him it didn’t quite work out that way.
Anthony follows Steven, instinct turning his body towards the Alpha even as the scent of rotting anger lingers in his wake. A strong hand pulls him back before he can move however, and Anthony turns to see Bucky, wary-eyed and bleeding from a split lip.
Tony’s quiet as he turns off the phone. He burrows in further, and Steve’s arms wrap fully around him so that Tony’s body is enclosed entirely in his embrace. Tony’s arms clutch at the side of Steve’s suit.
Hearing words come from the demonic, open wound that is Schmidt’s face is startling, and Anthony steps back. His heart beats in his mouth, every instinct in him on edge and screaming:
Steve presses wet kisses down Tony’s shoulder, peeling the cloth off the man. Tony sighs, head tilting back, and the sight of his parted mouth compels Steve into kissing him there, open-tongued and deep. Tony’s back is pressed to Steve’s front, and Steve spreads a hand across Tony’s chest, grinding him closer, onto Steve. He lets his fingertips skate along the nubs of Tony’s nipples, the suggestion of sensation rather than sensation itself.
“Well,” Thor shrugs, “I’d still rather fight bare, fists to fists, mud and blood.”
Steven boldly moves his hands down Anthony’s back, resting at his waist. Anthony shivers at the sensation, but doesn’t move away. Steven relishes that.
“Bucky,” Anthony asks, “What happened?”
“Our priority is getting Anthony back. Everything else comes secondary.”
“Oh.”
“I have the fucking armour, Steve!”
“Maybe we could bathe together?” Steven suggests, “Pull them out then.”
As they leave, Steve tilts Tony’s head upwards, watching his eyes. After a few moments, Tony blinks and his brown eyed gaze meets Steve’s.
Steven walks forward, no horses or backing. He knocks his shield, once, twice, and then the soldiers pick up the beat. It’s a deep, ringing sound. Longswords on armour, on shields, on iron.
“Hmm.” Natasha tilts her head, “My present is better.”
“But if I became someone – if I became like Schmidt.” Steven breaks off.
Steve hums, eyes closing, “Love you.”
“Do you want me to stop?”
“Oh, thanks! Great tip! Would literally rather go up to Carter and tell her I did this myself.” Bucky snarks back.
That Anthony is the subject of such devotion is not something the Omega can quite comprehend, like a leap in intuition that seems a little too farfetched for the design of a machine. It makes him think, though, leaves him in a state not unlike Steven’s; contemplative and drifting.
“I do have ideas.” Anthony admits, hushed.
“I may try sparring with Steven in this.” Thor says.
“Why didn’t you go home?” Tony asks.
“Mm, good.”
The guards on the top of the wall rally, bows getting ready to shoot. Anthony ducks down next to Parker on the catapult, though it would be near impossible for them to get him from so far away.
Anthony’s face drops, “What?”
“I’m sorry.” Steve forces out.
“It’s not acceptable,” Steve whispers, and his fingers press at Tony’s jaw to lift until their eyes meet, “If you get hurt, it’s not an outcome I can accept.”
“Healing, sewing, cooking.” Steven throws out.
“I’m sorry.” Tony says, quietly.
“I have blood on my face? Where?”
“I know, okay, darling, I know. Director Carter called me up. I know what happened. It’s going to be okay. Tony’s going to be just fine.” His mom says.
“I want Steven, I don’t want to be here anymore.” Anthony says, numbly. He needs to stop talking. He needs to get a grip. He needs to – he needs to not be here.
“Oh, what? Oh shit.” Bucky’s looking down on his phone, “Yeah, something definitely came up.”
“What’s it like with Ares?”
Steven doesn’t respond, merely gathers him close, rocks him into his chest. Steven’s knot still remains, powerful, tethering Anthony in the most intimate manner.
Steven lets him go, stalking up the stairs.
His soldiers cheer behind him, a sick happiness flowing out at the death of a long-standing tyrant. Normally, Steven would condemn such a display, but he can’t quite overcome his own perverse satisfaction. Bucky notes this, and ever-reliable, whistles at the soldiers. The sound cuts off and the noise of soldiers dispersing starts up.
Steven reels back, hands jumping to behind his back. His face feels numb for a moment, everything seeming to prickle as the rage leaves his body, a flood that leaves him hollow and shocked.
“Think rationally.” Bucky continues, “We can’t afford to have an emotional moment in there.”
“Who are you?” One of the men asks, lilting in an unfamiliar accent.
“It’s an ugly colour.” Anthony rolls his eyes, “And not gold, yellow.”
“Not like this, I can’t --” Steve draws away, and Tony follows him, shushing at the pained choking noise Steve lets out. He wraps his arms around Steve. Ever since the serum, hugging Steve’s been like holding a giant bear, his back an expanse that feels impossibly wide. But in this moment, with Steve hunkered and withdrawn, it feels almost like before, with the phantom ache of protruding shoulders and skinny limbs pulsing under Tony’s fingers.
“I don’t think so.”
“Anthony.” Steven says.
Anthony leans forward, hands catching on leather.
Tony gives him a dark look before climbing into the pit, ignoring Steve’s outstretched hand and trying not to wobble as he lands weirdly. Steve huffs and turns back to scoop some more soil.
“You don’t deserve the Starrk name.” Gregory says, after a moment’s silence. The words are cruel, directed by Gregory to a weak spot Anthony’s had since childhood. It’s also a spot whittled down by exposure, continuous blunt force.
Steve has a brief second where he registers that the fingers are slippery, incredibly hot against his palate, scraping at his walls, and then he realises where they’ve been, and that’s it. He’s coming, again, flashes of fireworks and bright spots that fade quickly until he’s gazing at the hazy figure of Tony, teeth clenched around the man’s fingers in the aftermath.
“And if we don’t find a way?” He continues.
“I understand that.” Steven begins, “You do not need to concern yourself over being taken against your will.”
“...uh...We fight today so that our children will not...not have to. The blood that is shed today will be for...justice..uh...
Bucky grunts as he lands on his knees. His balance is unsteady, and he is a heartbeat too slow in jumping back to his stance. Anthony takes the opening, striking the center of Bucky’s chest with his elbow. Bucky grabs Anthony’s arm even as his chest caves from the hit, dragging Anthony down with him.
“Don’t.” Anthony pulls back. Steven lets him go this time, a displeased pout on his face. “Please, do your duty.”
“What?” Bucky asks.
,” Steve tilts Tony’s head up, kisses his forehead. “Do you think gods can worship other gods?”
No one wants to be caught unintentionally aroused by the Pack Omega. No one with any ounce of respect (or fear) for Steven anyway.
“Absolutely.”
Anthony accepts the kiss, pushes upwards to give it the response it deserves, deep and loving.
“I want to see you. I want to know you.” Anthony clarifies.
“Hmm,” Thor hums, deep and throaty.
“Where is he?”
Anthony startles from where he’s leaned over his workstation, goggles still on his face.
“Hm, yes, maybe not against fighters like Steven and Natasha. Adaptable fighters.”
“Got it, Cap.” Bucky walks off.
Steven tightens his arms around Anthony, kisses the meat of his shoulder.
Schmidt’s eyes flash, and they slither from Clint to Anthony. Anthony has never wanted so badly to run. He presses his toes to the ground, lets the pressure ground him. There’s nothing special about this creature.
“Well, so is Peggy, and I’m always mouthing off to her.”
“I came here to comfort you.” Anthony says, after a while. Steven hadn’t told him to leave. He’d known the omega wouldn’t leave, and if he were being honest, he hadn’t wanted him to leave.
.” It’s more guttural than speech, and it keeps going, he’s speaking without thinking while Tony rides him hard and good. He’s turned away from Steve, so it’s just the long, sweaty expanse of his back, and Steve’s cock, thrusting in and out of Tony. Steve can’t tear his eyes away from the point where they meet.
Tony shrugs, “I don’t know.”
“Yes.” Steven confesses, “You, us. Our future.”
“Because you’ve seen it before.”
When they reach the steel door, Bucky bends down and works at the lock quietly. A minute passes, then two.
“What?” Tony startles, “Can I see?”
“Is it that you understand him that hurts you?” Steven leads him softly.
.” Anthony whispers, leaning forward to drape himself over Steven, letting the Alpha feel his hardness on his torso, feeling Steven’s cock too, brushing past his entrance. Steven’s body shudders as he stands up, a little staggered.
The Hydra soldiers watch them quietly, their presence silent but looming. Their bodies stay subtly attuned to Schmidt, their hunger for violence as palpable as lust.
“Huh,” Tony considers, “That’s not half-bad.”
“Keep moving.” Bucky says.
“But you have ideas?” Steven asks, “Of strategy?”
“I know,” Anthony smiles as he pulls back. He mouths at the head, hands coming back to grip Steven’s length, just a tad too tight. How Steven likes it.
“Nothing much.” Steven says, “Which is good.”
“You followed the plan. He’ll be fine.”
“You have to let me go, Steve.”
“Why were you up anyway?”
“That bad, was it?”
sweaty.” Steven comments after a smarting peck, “How long have you two been at it?”
And the canyon between what Steven wants and what he accepts grows ever wider. He is patient, though, in this. Or at least, willing to be. All his life, he’s chased down Hydra, fueled by rage and grit. He’s done things with his hands that he could never admit to his mother, has a capacity for violence that scares him. With Anthony, though, he wants something different. Something kind. Something that will last.
(...)
“I don’t want an apology, Tony. That’s not what I meant by that.” Steve pauses, trying to figure out how to say what he feels, “It’s not like it was easy for you. And it’s not going to be easy moving forward. I guess what I’m saying is – I’m here. By your side. Til whenever you get sick of me.”
“Weren’t you curious?” Steve asked.
She positioned the plastic chair closer to the bed, and Tony obediently sat, keeping his hands safely raised.
Steve shrugged and sipped his tea. “I think that order applies more to people who don’t consider their workspace a literal playground.”
Stark blinked. “That is literally just what I-” He turned back to Rhodey. “Isn’t that just what I said?” The Colonel shushed him.
Shuri considered it, then slumped back in her chair. “Well, that’s just cheating,” she grumbled. “I
Of course, she came to his rescue. “They told me it’s been six months for you,” she said. “That we lost, the first time. But you came back and saved everyone.”
“Damn, Cap,” the other man said, voice slightly shaky. “You come that hard for all the girls?”
She was shaking her head. Sad. Serious. Wrong. “Just promise me that you’ll take care of him, as much as he’ll let you. He needs- he deserves that, so much. And I think it’s all he’s ever really wanted. To be cared for, to be loved. To have someone who can be there through everything, not just the good times. Someone who will always have his back. I wanted that person to be me, we both did, but it never got any easier, and I… I just can’t take the stress anymore. It still hurts to let him go -
“I’m good,” Steve said. And he really was; Thanos had landed a couple of hits, but he could feel the damage healing already.
, all at once. Do you understand what that means? All you did was
The ice agreed.
look. Man with a plan.
“Not there yet,” Tony answered. “We gotta walk a bit from here. Protected grounds, Shuri said. There’s a rare species of cricket.”
. Every time. Even though he’d tried and
- yet with a visceral wrench, Tony pushed them away.
“He’s Rachel and you’re Chandler and you just saw him naked,” Rhodey continued. “Think about it. Before the Soul Stone dragged it out of him, he ever mention any sort of L-word feelings to you?”
Then Tony spoke. “You are
Fire, he thought. He was on fire. It tasted of rainbows, centuries. Time. So little time. He managed to raise the Gauntlet, the nanobots he’d just programed raising Steve’s left arm to him, carrying the Power Stone near, but Tony was losing the strands of what that meant, getting tangled within his own magnitude, it was too much, it was too much, there was too much for the Tony-thing to contain and he was scream and fire in ten thousand directions without end but there was now a hand holding his - impossible - and the Tony-thing named this impossible thing Steve, remembered what a Steve-thing meant, found what a Tony meant; he opened his eyes to find the metal Gauntlet melting in a red glow and reforming around their joined hands; together, he and his Steve commanded the Power Stone to yield, and - impossibly - it did.
, he thought.
He would do better, he would try-
A rising tide of horror was engulfing him, because on the screens there were faces Tony recognized, acquaintances from the countless parties he’d attended with Ty early on, the endless string of distractions he’d barely cared to remember. But there were other faces too, people he’d never met before, he was sure. And what they were
The super-soldier splashed some water at him in playful refusal, then lay on his back, floating peacefully. The water was calm here by the shore, but deep. Deep enough for sharks. Sharks that could eat people.
“Are you sure?” she asked instead, and now Tony was staring at her, at the loving acceptance stitched across her face, a patchwork of worry and courage, and pain, and trust, and…
The end of the world was yet to come.
Steve spread his hands helplessly. “I see one is purple?”
Here it is, he thought, even as he leapt forward, even as he swung his arm up, even as he knew his shield would not, could not get there in time. God, no, please not him, he thought, and he kept thinking it, praying even as the hot blood ran, even as Clint’s ready arrow thudded home through Thanos’ wrist, even as Thor dragged the laughing Titan further away with a wordless roar of fury, even through Thanos’ repeated shouts; “I should have killed you, Stark. I should have killed you too.”
the most important person in my life. And I need to tell you now, just in case-”
When Steve regained consciousness, he was crying, too lost in rapture to fear humiliation anymore.
Despite his best efforts, his breathing was beginning to unravel when Barton suddenly barked at everyone to shut up. The archer had already drawn his bow, arrow ready and pointed to an empty corner of the room. A tiny yellow ring of light had appeared and now widened rapidly, the golden circle throwing sparks as it grew.
Tony sagged against the door, feeling hollow, echoing with horror at all the failures he had wrought.
From his seat beside Tony, Rhodey cleared his throat. “No, it’s not.” His voice was rough with emotion, and when Tony glanced at him, his best friend’s smile held such delight that it almost hurt to witness. Rhodey gripped his shoulder then stood, gesturing for Steve to take his place on the couch. Steve did just that, his usual grace slightly impeded by Tony having fastened himself to the other man’s body like some deranged limpet. Tony was vaguely aware his behavior was embarrassing bordering on pathetic, but he still couldn’t care about anything but staying near Steve. Preferably
“Yeah, of course,” he answered.
Purple flared, then retreated, and Tony felt the familiar contours of his mind return, the maelstrom lurking only at the edges. “Fucking... fuck,” he gasped, when he could.
Then he smiles, because Tony is
“Correct,” the alien said. “And you know why I’m here.”
, is the thing, which is why neither of them are ready, the third time. Tony even laughs. But it’s true. They climb almost to the top. Tony hides his face behind the suit. Hiding his disappointment, Steve thinks. Tony lets Steve walk on ahead. Letting him go, Steve thinks. He stumbles, numb, and Tony catches him. He wonders whether Tony would carry him, if he asked. Then he has to sit, because he thinks, yes, Tony would. And that’s enough. He cries. Tony holds him close, lets him fall apart. Then Steve stands. Tony waits. It’s everything.
“Confirmed,” FRIDAY said.
“I know.” Pepper moved on to smoothing his hair, and he watched her eyes. There was so much he needed to say to her, so much to explain, but he couldn’t find a way to begin.
“I take it that’s a no,” Barnes said mildly. “He probably won’t on his own, you know. He always did have a habit of waiting too long.”
“Tony, has something happened?” he asks anyway.
“I thought you hated me,” Steve said faintly.
“Normally I’d say no way, but with Stephen’s help, I believe the risk is manageable. And if this Cradle can really do what you say… I’d really like to see one.”
/dɛspəˈreɪʃn/
Yet the kid tossed him a smile regardless, and next thing his bed was folding itself neatly upward into a semi-reclined chair. Show-off. “You stay put until I get over there,” Shuri ordered. “I’ll be done in a few minutes.”
And yet.
Steve sucked in a lungful of air and held it while he counted to three. “Go relieve Sam and Scott. And you can maybe have the basic manners to apologize for wasting their time.”
“Uh, nope,” Tony declared, and rolled back onto the soft blanket, accidentally kicking over the empty metal pot Steve had used for the tea. “Balls,” he muttered, and sat up to stow the remainder of their lunch safely in the bag for later. “Ouch,” he complained as an errant cheese knife poked his finger.
White. Again.
But Steve tensed, his good cheer evaporating, because instead, he had led them both straight into Zemo’s trap.
about it all that Tony hadn’t been too concerned.
be destroyed?”
Steve didn’t know what to do. Automatically he glanced to Bucky for guidance, but his childhood friend looked as thrown as Steve felt, his eyes locked onto Tony as if hypnotized. As if searching for a danger he could recognize.
feelings and
“Seriously?” Natasha asked. “You would have been on Tony’s side?”
As the portal vanished, Tony and May both collapsed into chairs, sagging against each other for support.
That is, until he saw who was calling. “Friday, voice-only,” he said, just in time.
The belief had sheltered him, he knew, had prevented the horrors from sticking as deeply as they could. Surviving the return with those memories intact had been a shock, yes, but one he felt he could live with, given time. Yet Tony’s burden of memories faded to nothing compared to Steve’s experiences. The other man had spent months staring out at the end of the world, a front row witness to unbearable horrors, aware that helping was futile but
Tony could see the war between denial and necessity play out on Wanda’s face, her eyes filling with unshed tears. Red sparks danced over her fingers, hinting at the power she held so precariously in check. Yet when Vision reached for her hand, the red light faded, and the young Avenger sat up straight. She nodded, signaling her acceptance. But then she cast a glare towards Tony, her eyes smoldering with a loathing second only to the reproach on Barton and Romanoffs’ faces.
Romanoff nodded hello, then busied herself making coffee. “Hello, Mr Stone,” Bruce said, in that special Bruce tone reserved for people he didn’t like.
you involve him in this-”
He’d slept a long time, longer than he would have preferred, so by the time he got back to the lab he’d missed the rest of Tony’s surgery and most of the enhanced healing procedure. After Rhodey returned with Pepper, faces smooth with smiles and sympathy, Steve had left to give his report to the gathered team, which had not gone well. Ever since he’d woken up, despite his efforts to focus, he couldn’t seem to think straight. He knew what he wanted to say, but his mind kept dripping away from him in weird, loopy tangents; it took everything he had just to explain the broad strokes of Thanos’ previous victory, and how he and Tony had managed their return. On top of that, the team had new faces. New threats. When the green-skinned woman asked about Vormir, Steve had felt an overwhelming dizziness, had started stammering nonsense while everyone stared, and Sam had taken him back to the room. Bucky’s room. Steve had almost forgotten that.
He must have been speaking out loud; Steve would have felt embarrassed but his memories had already flowed on, transporting him back to battlefield screams, the tang of blood in the air. “Most of them begged,” he murmured. “They fought. But there were a few… they found a way to let go. Find peace.”
. And the guilt threatened to submerge him utterly, because Steve knew. He’d done this. He’d caused this.
“Before we go in there… There’s some stuff you should know,” Tony said. He wished he felt something, anything, but he was empty, and Steve was only looking at him like that because he didn’t
“And this has happened before?” Steve asked again.
“It was the worst moment of my life,” Steve confessed, looking away.
And because Steve Rogers was never anything less than polite, he then began to fuck Tony as requested, setting a near-punishing rhythm that once more skated the line between too rough and not enough, that once more bordered on reckless in the best possible way. Finding himself surrounded by Steve, heart, body and mind, Tony was delirious, incandescent; his pleasure building and surging towards a glorious reckoning that he knew would consume him utterly, a destruction he welcomed with his whole heart, knew to be just another face of renewal.
“The squid squad hit New York looking for the Time Stone,” he said. “And got it, but it was still attached to the wizard that owned it. Doctor Strange. Actual name, actual doctor. They took him back to their ship. I managed to sneak on board, but I wasn’t the only one.”
“Please, call me Tiberius,” his fiancé grinned, draping his arm over Tony’s shoulders. An arm that was just a touch too heavy, but Tony knew better than to fidget. “Anthony calls me Ty, of course. Has done ever since we were kids.”
And he takes it.
, he thought numbly, dropping his spoon.
Tony felt his throat tighten. Probably he should opt for caution here, should wait until they were both in a better place to deal with this, but… truth was truth. “Siberia,” he said.
“What, just like that?” The other man was frowning. Wary.
Steve takes Tony’s hand and leads him home.
Accidentally, their eyes met.
The other man kept his gaze averted. “Do what you want,” he said, but his voice felt like ice itself.
. And Stark has been less than useless since they shacked up together.”
“No other way,” he says. It’s a prayer he doesn’t understand, but it’s all he has left.
“Nevermind, are you ready to leave?” she asked.
Tony had regained his breath. “I wasn’t gonna, but I kinda want to tell him now.”
Nebula stepped forward. “I do.”
Tony watched him go, strangely reluctant to follow right away, and for reasons beyond what was happening in his pants. Because sure, he’d had… lapses before. Going on years, really. Moments of appreciation in a Steve-ish direction. Obviously. Look at the man. But it was just biology, he’d always reasoned. Accidental stimuli. Nothing Steve was
“Mr Stark?” he heard Peter say behind him.
Holy mother of
Yet Steve was too drained to pretend. “Nah, I’m just early. Ignore me.” There was a couch that doubled as a nap station lying vacant nearby, and Steve sat down with every intention of letting Tony work another hour or so before calling it a night.
They had reached the end of the line.
“I didn’t know it was him-”
“Sure, cool, just following orders. Cool cool cool. So fun fact, did you know that after Thanos got the Soul Stone, he managed to get his great purple paws on the whole Infinity set, and then he wiped out half of all life in the universe? Earth included, by the by.” The Nazi swung around to look at Tony again. It was hard to read a skull’s expression, but that may have been surprise on his lack-of-face.
“Steve, I don’t care.” Tony says, firmer than needed. His brow is resolute as he turns away from Steve to open up a piece of machinery in the table, releasing screws onto the wood. The clattering noise is a warning.
Anthony loves him, so dearly.
“That is valid enough.” Anthony nocks his eyebrow, “Though how he knows is beyond my understanding.”
