“Do you know who her first pup was?”  Cas asked.
“How was Tampa?”  Sam asked.  “I saw you guys and the press conference.  Jody set up a hotline to take calls regarding tips on the location of Alistair and the others.  But how was the expo?  Did you find stuff for your pup?  Any furniture?”
“I checked. There’s nothing under there and Mischief is over there on the chair.” Cas nodded to the sleeping cat. So their room was safe. He nodded as he walked over to the bed. The kids were piled together in the center, all looking up at him with wide eyes.
Cas turned his gaze back on his Alpha, but Dean couldn’t get a gauge on his emotions.
“I could see that.  I…like pink roses.  Do you like the pink ones?”  Dean asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
The next few weeks were hectic.  Dean was on the phone constantly with either Abby, Chuck, or Charlie, and Cas was busy helping his brother and Sam with getting Henry settled.  The pup was scared the first week in the new house and Sam spent many nights sitting up in the rocking chair with the pup cradled in his arms as he tried to console the boy.  It was exhausting, but soon the pup began to adjust, and they established a routine with him.  He was bonding with both Gabe and Sam, and they were falling in love with him.
Sam:  Probably with Ellen.  Go find her.  He blames himself.  We all just need to keep telling him it’s not his fault.  He can’t control the psychos of the world.  Are you ok?
“Set your shirt and pants in the sink, I’ll take care of them now. Unless you’re comfortable with being naked in front of me. Most people wouldn’t be and that’s alright. When you are finished with your shower I will return with clean clothing and I’ll take your pants and shirt then.”
“I’ll be gentle, I promise,” Gabe managed to get out before pulling back almost all the way out.
When he was finished talking, he looked around at his crew.  Most were Betas but there were a few Omegas and Alphas throw in there too.  He kissed his Omega gently on the cheek before heading back to the store manager’s office so he could review the inventory, leaving Cas standing awkwardly with the mechanics all staring at him.  One man stepped forward and offered his hand.  An Alpha by the smell of it.  His smile was warm, and his scent was neutral.
You are quite welcome for that.  I know you've been waiting since chapter one for that, lol.  I told you Dean would be gentle.  He's a good Alpha.
Cas took his finger off the button and laid back to stare up at the ceiling.  It wasn’t long before the door was flying open and Dean was rushing into the room with Sam and Gabe both on his heels.
Cas smiled back at him.  “I want that too.”
“This tea, it’s going to help to speed up the healing for Aidan?  Will his asthma go away?”
“No, how did he know where you live?  Please don’t let him get in here!”  Cas clung to him, whimpering and shaking.
“I’ll be nice, I always am.”  Dean said as he sat down.
Dean stood up and followed the other Alpha’s scent until he heard voices coming from his brother’s room.  He knocked on the door before opening it.  Sam was sitting up in the bed eating a muffin.  A glass of milk sat on the nightstand.
“Wait, you live with them?”  Gabriel tilted his head and Sam snorted.  It reminded him very much of Cas.
“Did you eat?”  Dean asked, pulling back.
“Trial?”
“I wasn’t sure how big the staff was or how hungry anyone was.”  Dean shrugged as he followed Cas inside.
“Ah, I know who did it then,” Castiel’s eyes darkened and Dean wondered how he was able to see that in the dark. There were no lights where they were.
“Hi, baby.  Did you have fun?”  He asked her.  She nodded.
“Papa!” she squealed.  Dean had to hold her back from scrambling into Cas’ lap and she whined.
“Are we leaving?”  Donna was just coming in from the outhouse and was looking at the portable cribs and luggage they carried.
Dean stopped in the bathroom to pee and brush his teeth.  When he returned to the bedroom Cas was sitting up in bed with his phone, the music of some game playing softly.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“That’s coming along nicely.”  He nodded at the material as his brother fed it through the machine, sealing up one side.  The fleece Cas had chosen for the reverse side had flames.  Gabe liked the look of it.
“I won’t leave it on all the time, but I’d like to walk them and have them wear it.  I think it would be cute,”  Cas said.  He spotted a store with shoes and glanced down at his own.  He’d had the ones he was currently wearing for at least ten years now and they were full of holes.  Dean noticed and started for the store.
“Wow, takes me right back to 1985, but whatever, as long as they work.” He took them out and handed the box back. Dean watched him slide the glasses on and blink a few times before looking around.
The rest of Cas’ heat was relatively uneventful.  Dean stayed close, making sure Cas stayed hydrated and well fed.  Despite having a poor appetite, the Omega was actually putting some weight on, and that pleased the Alpha immensely.  Cas was humming softly to himself as he changed the linens on his bed.  He was putting fresh ones on when he heard someone knock on the door frame.  The door was open, and he turned around to find Sam standing there.
Dean walked him back to the bedroom and tucked him in.  He turned to leave, half expecting Cas to reach out for him again.
“Dean, what are we going to do?  I fear he will never stop!  How many people is he going to hurt?  How many will he kill to get at me?  Oh…I don’t feel very well.”  Dean had guided Cas to the edge of the bed, gently urging him to sit down but now the Omega was holding his stomach and looking more than a little green around the gills.  Dean went to the door and called down the hall to Gabe.
“Well, he’s not admitted yet, so you’ll have to wait.”  She sounded bored as she spoke.
When Dean finally did come down he was still sniffling a bit but seemed otherwise alright.  He crossed the yard, smiling at them as he approached.  Cas watched the way Dean moved, purposefully, strong muscles flexing with every step.  He smacked his younger brother upside the back of his head without even so much as glancing in the man’s directions.  Sam grunted and Cas laughed.
be executed on the spot!  Are you an idiot?!”
“Yep, that’s them.  Excuse me.”  Dean got up and went to the door, peeking out first before opening it.  He spotted two of his security staff standing there.  Opening the door, they both turned to face him.  He had specifically requested Alan as they were old friends, and seeing the man standing here before him was almost a relief.
“I didn’t know at first, since we supposedly don’t have an attic, so I went looking to see if maybe someone had closed one up a long time ago since the realtor didn’t know about one and the inspector didn’t find one. But I think I found it.” Cas became animated as he described the hunt he and his brother had gone on, and how he’d found the hinges that had been hidden by the trim.
“Is Cas going to need extra food?”  Sam asked after a few minutes.  Gabe glanced back at him for a second before opening the oven door and looking at the food inside.
“Cas?  Cas!”
“That makes sense.  I sort of felt that way when the adoption fell through with Garrett,”  Sam said softly.  Gabe put an arm around his mate and pulled him closer.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“I don’t mean to intrude. If you’d rather I not ride the roller coaster with you I’ll simply continue on. I was thinking of trying to win one of those giant stuffed dogs anyway.” He smiled and shrugged. It wasn’t a lie, he really wanted one.
Alan nodded and together they walked out of the room.  “There’s a furniture expo in Tampa this weekend.  You could go and look at some furniture.  It looks like most of the bedroom furniture and living room furniture will need to be replaced.”
“But you’re ok?”  He could tell Sam was saying it loud enough for Cas to hear.
“Mmm, yes.  He’s using the table now,”  Cas snickered.  He was fishing around in the fridge, looking for something to make for lunch.
“Here, his meds.  I have lunch in the kitchen if you guys are hungry,”  Gabe said.
“But seriously.  I’m not a dick.  I’ve never risen a hand to a partner.  I know some of what happened to you with your former mate and honestly?  It sickens me that someone would think it was ok to do that to another human being.  I’d have probably killed him if I knew who he was.  I have no intentions of doing anything like that, Sam.  I’m not him, and I’m guessing I’m probably nothing like him anyway.  I know it’s a lot to ask for you to trust me, but I would like it if you would at least give me a chance.”  Gabe was putting himself out there, exposing himself and leaving it up to Sam.  The Beta could crush his heart or he could open up and let him in.  It made him extremely nervous not knowing in which direction Sam would take things.  For a long time Sam just stood there, lost deep in thought about what he wanted, what he needed, and where Gabe fit in to all of that.  What he kept coming back to was Dean’s words.  That Gabe was good and that he should give him a chance.
“What happened?  Why are you upset?”  He craned his head back until he was looking at Dean’s face.  “What’s the matter?”
“What’s their problem?”  he asked.  Cas glanced over at Gabe before looking at his mate and shaking his head.
“I made a mistake,”  Cas said as he tilted his head back to look up at his mate.
“I need to work with them more.  I feel like I’m not pulling my weight.”  Dean frowned. He didn’t want Cas to be the one that had to teach their pups everything.  Cas slid his hand into his mate’s and leaned his head on his Alpha’s shoulder as they walked.
“Why don’t I follow you, Dean, to the hospital and drop it off?”  Gabe offered.
“But it’ll be nice to sleep in your own room and cook in your own kitchen, I’m sure,”  Sam pointed out.  Dean nodded.  “Yep.  Say, do you want to see what Cas picked out at the expo for the pup?  There was a place selling clothes and other stuff and once he spotted the tiny sleepers and stuff I couldn’t pull him away.”  He laughed as he closed the laptop and got to his feet.  He needed a break anyway.  Sam stood up too.
“So soon?”  Cas looked longingly at all the stores they hadn’t yet gotten to go into but he understood, the sun was going to be down soon and Dean’s shops would begin closing up in the next few hours.
“MOM!”
D.)  This fic is not yet finished either.  It's about 80% done, so I need the extra time to add to it as we go along.
“Let me back up to the part that really matters.  You’re nervous, right?  About taking a knot?”
“Two.”
“These are your pups?” Michael asked. The others all stepped closer to see the girls better.
Cas looked at the bag and then at the other vegetables Dean was adding to a new pan.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Dean, we’re out of everything, do you want me to run to the store?”  Sam yelled from the kitchen.
In the weeks leading up to trick or treating he was unsuccessful in getting the mask away from her. The only place she wasn’t allowed to take it was to school. It had to stay in the car, something she was not a big fan of. Then Halloween night came. She still refused to give the mask up.
“Yes.”
“I’m well, thank you.  Bleeding stopped two months ago, and I’ve just been concentrating on exercise and diet to get back in shape,”  Cas replied.  He was sitting on the couch nursing Molly, who was staring up at him with wide eyes as her little hands grabbed at the finger he dangled in front of her.
Cas looked up at him and smiled.  “I would like that.”
“Really?” Castiel perked up. That was quite interesting. “What have you written?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh shit!”
His mate came rushing out of the kitchen to see the Omega waddling (he was now large enough to officially waddle).  Dean hurried to his side and wrapped an arm around him.
His brother Sam had found him and damn near had a heart attack when he realized his brother wasn’t breathing. He’d thought Dean had been hit over the head, and that was where the blood had come from but when he flipped him over he saw that his throat had practically been ripped out. Then he had a real heart attack.
“Are you alright, sweetheart?”  Dean asked.
He tilted his head in confusion. “Swing? What do you mean?”
“I've modified this spray, making it more potent than the last one we used. It's more efficient. It’ll do the trick.” She said confidently before heading back downstairs. He turned and headed for the master bedroom where his husband and children were waiting. It was time to get rid of some monsters.
Dean is already at the daycare center when Cas and Gabe arrive, and they learn something about one of the pups there.
“Of having two pups at once.  Do you think Dean and I can do it by ourselves?”  Cas chewed worriedly at his lower lip.  He didn’t have a lot of experience with babies, and he wasn’t sure what to do or how much work they would really be.
“I think you’re a sex addict.”
“Finished it finally, I see.  Looks good.”
“She wants food, not milk.  I’m going to take her downstairs for a snack.”  He scooped her up and got to his feet.
“How are you feeling, honey?”  Dean asked his mate.
“Ok, honey.  I do need to at least tell Sam to take the food out of the oven, and to save some for us,” he said.  Cas let out a cross between a growl and a whimper but he released Dean.
“It was the most beautiful thing I think I’ve ever seen.  I am very happy for them both,”  Cas said as he took the lid off the container.  He frowned at the slimy looking mess inside.  “Dean, what is this?”
“Oh boy,” Dean said under his breath. Gabe was such a drama queen.
“What’s your name?”  She was glancing at his neck.  He realized she was looking for a mating mark.
“It’s ok sweetheart.  Charlie is the woman you asked to call me.  She’s my best friend, and she’s a Beta.  She is no danger whatsoever, ok?  She just wants to make sure you’re ok.”  Dean said softly.  Cas relaxed in his arms again and nodded.
She grabbed the larger diaper bag and loaded it with all of the extras the nanny might need while he and Dean got the sleeping pups into their car seats.  Dean went to grab the robes they’d be wearing while Cas and Jo carried the girls down to the car.
“Hello, and welcome to another edition of Daily Talk with Ginger.  As you know, I’m Ginger Meyer and today’s guests are mayoral candidate Dean Winchester and his husband, Castiel Winchester.  As most of America knows, Dean and Castiel are not only mates, but true mates.”  She paused, letting the audience react.  There were more murmurs of acknowledgement.  “Dean and Castiel recently became fathers for the first time to twin daughters, Gabriella and Molly.”  Soft clapping emanated across the room.  Cas smiled and bounced Ellie lightly in his lap.  She giggled, which seemed to warm everyone’s heart.
I hope you enjoy this chapter.
“Who is this Alistair?  What crimes did he commit?  You have the right to call for a trial at any time.  If he steps onto this land, he faces our laws,”  Mordecai said.  Cas sat up a little straighter.
“That’s nice.”  Dean liked the sound of that.  “But with a K, not a C.”
“Ok, so…”  The wand slid lower.  “We have…another girl.”
“I’ll be right back.”
“It’s alright. I’m a stranger, you have every right to wonder about me.” He turned his gaze to Sam and smiled.
They’d absolutely be happy here.
“I am here to save the day!” She was careful to keep her voice down since she didn’t know if the kids were awake or not.
to take care of you.  Get whatever you want.”  He placed a hand against his mate’s cheek and caressed it softly.  Cas smiled and pointed at the sweaters in the Alpha’s hands.
Cas looked up at Dean for a moment before giving a nod.  He’d stay with the pups, it was clearly what Dean wanted.  Not all of the invading pack had been captured yet.  He watched Dean turn and trot off, following Jo and her Alpha suitor who had come to get her.  Once they and more of the others had left to go tend to the dead he turned his attention back to his pup.  He liked talking to her in this form.  Hopefully he’d be able to communicate easier with his younger pups  once they learned to shift too.
“Someone’s in the house.”
“Glad to know it’s not just me getting worked up over here.”
an ideal society.  That is why my husband is trying to make a difference, to stop things like this from happening, so Omegas everywhere can feel and be safe.  Alistair had no right to do what he did, but no one, and I do mean
“You’re pretty awesome,” Charlie said approvingly. “You should come hang out with us. Or you know, with Dean.”
Gabe, to Dean’s relief didn’t try to coddle Sam.  He simply held out his arms and Sam went to him.
Dean was shooting a text off to Gabe.  When his phone vibrated a few minutes later he smiled before shoving it back in his pocket.  “You’re getting the good milkshakes tonight, honey.  Gabe’s going to stop at Steak n Shake.  I told him to get you a peanut butter cup one.  I’m getting fudge so if you don’t like yours, we can switch.”
It is a result of respiratory distress syndrome (RDS).  In this case the pups are early, but beyond that, Aidan was never growing as quickly or as well as his siblings.  He was born much smaller, and not breathing, so he was immediately put on oxygen.  The BPD he has now is a result of that.  He will eventually outgrow it, but he will have lasting issues, like asthma.  His parents are in a position though to get him the best care available, and he will catch in weight and size to his siblings.  Eventually he'll be a normal kid, like everyone else.  So don't worry too much about little Aidan.  Just let the sweet pup steal your heart, cause he is pretty darn precious.
“Her presence will not be needed.”  Reeva was already starting for the treeline and Cas, unwilling to leave his pup, followed.  Dean felt only the mildest of alarm in his mate.  Clearly Cas trusted that Reeva and the other Omegas would be able to help their pup.  Dean turned to Donna.
“Yeah, I need you here, please.”  He needed the one person in his life that he looked at like a mother figure.
“It’s ok, honey.  They won’t bite.”  He kissed his mate softly on the temple before stepping back.  As Cas turned to the waiting crowd, Dean returned to his seat.  There was more murmuring about that.  Apparently they had expected him to hover over his mate and dictate which questions he was allowed to answer.  Well, they were certainly in for a big surprise!
“Why is he going to the garage?”  he asked.
“Sam, who is your mate?”  Dean asked firmly.  Sam blinked.
“No, I-I’ll stand if that’s alright.  I can’t, um, stop leaking.”  Cas’ cheeks burned at the admission, and he lowered his eyes to the marble countertop.
They laid there until Gabe came to knock at the door.  Dean pulled himself up from the bed and went to open the door.
Dean had taken the twins outside with him as he got the grill ready.  The dogs went out too, and Cas busied himself with straightening up inside and getting the little pups all fed before their uncles arrived.  When he passed the patio doors on his way to the table he nearly dropped the jars of food he was carrying.
“Right, I remember you telling me that story. You couldn’t hold his weight and ended up dropping him, but if he’d jumped he’d have broken his neck, not his leg.” Cas nodded. It was a story Dean had spoken about many times over the years, but he’d never brought up seeing his mother that day. This was a new layer to the story, and a fascinating one at that.
Cas blushed and looked down at himself.  He had forgotten that he was actually underweight by about fifty pounds.  The oatmeal smelled good so he took a spoonful and ate it.  It tasted good too.  Dean watched him eat a few more spoonfuls before he left to go to his office.  Cas could hear him already on the phone giving instructions on where to start the inventory.  He wondered if the Alpha was talking to Charlie.  Dean stopped once more to give him a kiss before he left.  A few minutes later Sam left too.  Alone, Cas ate as much of the oatmeal as he could stomach and saved the rest of it.  He washed the dishes and went to stand at the sliding doors that overlooked the backyard.  It really was quite barren and he wondered if, between his heat flares, he could look up flowers that would look nice in the large space.  As he made his way out of the kitchen and up to the second floor he was unaware that he was being watched.
“That’s right.  I chose 21 Jump Street.  It’s funny.”
Dean went back to his bathroom, returning a few seconds later with the heating pad.  He lifted the blankets to lay it across Cas’ abdomen and then plugged it in.  Cas’ eyes were closed but there was a frown still on his lips.  After a few minutes the frown faded and the Omega sighed as the heat finally began to ease his cramps.
“Honey, it’s ok.  You don’t have to apologize for spending money.  I just want to know what all of this is for.”
“Well, we’re getting real close now.  Multiple births rarely ever make it full term.  I’m surprised the contractions are only just now starting.  Two weeks from now makes the eight month mark.  You’re going to have two nice, big, healthy pups.  The longer you keep them in, the better off they’ll be.”  She put away the measuring tape and jotted something down in his chart before she pulled out her stethoscope.  “Everything good between you and your mate?  Stress can bring on early delivery.”
Emma was basically potty trained but she still had accidents during the night so he would buy her the nighttime version of the pull-ups he’d used to potty train her. They were called Goodnites and they had princess ones that she loved. Unfortunately, the stupid things were pricey and the cost of her daycare had just gone up.
“Did you move in with him yet?"  she asked.
http://kufs.ku.edu/media/kufs/libres/mammals_of_kansas/list.html
Dean opened the bedroom door and flipped on the light switch before depositing Cas on the bed.
I know you all are dying for long chapters, and I think 2,000+ words is long enough, and keep in mind, this is a WIP, so I'm still writing it while also working on the 30 Day Challenge AND doing a Tumblr challenge.  And I'm trying to stay head so the chapters are good.  I do hope you like this one, it's fluffy.
“I heard about that.  Only happens with true mates, and it’s supposed to be pretty damn rare.  You really did find your unicorn,” she mused.
“Thanks,”  Dean called out to him.
“I bind you together, as mates, as husbands, now and forever.  Castiel, please help Alpha Gabriel remove the robe of his former pack,” the minister instructed.  Cas waited until his brother turned to face him before undoing the rope belt and slipping the robe from his shoulders.
“He makes dollhouses and train set ups too,”  Sam said.  Cas’ blue eyes lit up at that.
Cas forced his body to relax, choosing to focus on the way Dean’s tongue was swirling around one nipple instead of how a third finger was being eased inside of his tight hole.
(See the end of the chapter for
The server returned and took their order, returning a few minutes later to bring their drinks.  They sipped them as they discussed their lives until that point.
Something was kicked or fell over on the far side of the fence. A silent alert on Dean’s phone told him the police were on their way.
“I know what he’s thinking.”  Cas said as he watched his brother.
“Ideas about what?  Oh, whew!” Gabe fanned the air in front of his face and wrinkled his nose as he walked into the kitchen.  “Dang, Cas’ hormones going nuts again?”
“We can’t forget the closets, they come in that way too.” He said as he followed her out of the room and back into the hall.
“Is her true mate still here?  Is he alive?”  Dean asked.  Everyone was quiet for a moment before Mordecai answered.
He asked.
Sam cocked an eyebrow, his grin fading.  “Oh, uh, good for you.  TMI, but ok.  I think I’m going to go to the library.”
“Yeah, I’m glad I just had the one.”  Dean said.  He cleared his throat and looked over at Gabe.  “Can I, uh, talk to you about Sam?”
“I’m going to write a couple of prescriptions that you’ll want to start taking right away.  Prenatal vitamins and if the nausea gets worse or you find yourself unable to hold down anything, an anti-nausea medicine.”  She wrote out the prescriptions real quick and handed them to Dean.
“Fuck!  Is he going to be ok?”  Dean finally asked.
There were eggs still, hidden away from the world. If humans knew about them they’d try to steal them. Who knew what they would do then? Kill the babies? Experiment on them? Most likely they’d try to tame them and use them in warfare. It was what humans liked to do. Everything nowadays was considered for it’s use in warfare. They just couldn’t live in harmony with one another. It would never work though if they learned about them. They had no clue that dragons bonded solely with vampires, and unless killed, their lifespan matched that of their keeper.
“Puerto Rican food.  I was craving it so Dean’s friend was kind enough to bring some over.  Have you ever tried it?”  Cas looked up at his brother and his brother-in-law.  Sam nodded, but Gabe shook his head.
“I happy, Papa!”
“No, you deserve to have that. We deserve to have our families with us,” Dean smacked the arm of the chair before standing up. “Let’s go get something to eat, then find whoever can get our stuff back to us.”
“I can’t believe I’m doing this again,” He sighed. “Cas and me, we’ve put demon-hunting behind us. We’ve made a good life, we have kids, jobs we love, and none of that includes killing or repelling demons. I’m beyond frustrated.”
“I came across a gang of rogues. They’re about sixty strong, armed to the teeth and they had some pretty nasty ideas of what they wanted to do to me. I had to outrun them, hide and just wait for the hordes to find them. And they did. After I got cracked in the head by one of them I snatched the bat and gave him a good ole love tap, about eight times. I made sure to splatter the rest of the bastards with his blood, and I hit their skin and hair as much as I could so it would be harder to remove. Then I stood back and let the hordes take them out. I had to lead them away from here, then take out as many as I could. The hordes sometimes come in handy. I halved the ones that were chasing me but I’m sure they were just the tip of the iceberg. I made absolutely sure I wasn’t being followed before I came back, by the living and the dead.”
“It’s better now that I took my pill, but my stomach is still queasy.  Dean made me some tea.  I’m sure I’ll feel better once I drink some.  You enjoy your evening, I’ll see you later.”  Cas caught Sam’s eye for a moment before heading to the laundry room.  Gabe turned to look at Sam.
Molly placed a hand over Dean’s.  “Papa ok?”
“Dean sensed I was in distress and came running.  Almost killed him for touching me.”  There was pride in the Omega’s voice that amused him.
*************READ THESE NOTES BEFORE READING THE CHAPTER************
I will warn you now, Luke is completely ignorant of pack rules and laws.  His family has not seen a forest in probably the better part of three hundred years.  They basically walked out and shunned everything they had left behind.  Dean and Sam however were raised will full knowledge of how things work on pack lands because he and his brother spent much of their childhood there.  So Luke is rather narcissistic, smug, and thanks to a shitty father, thinks Alphas are superior and Betas and Omegas are designed to submit and be nothing more than property to be dealt with as the Alpha sees fit.  He doesn't think he had anything to fear from Mordecai or the other members of the pack.  What he does not know yet is that here?  In the forest?  Omegas and Betas can and will have final say.
“This is Kate, your sister.  This is our pup.”
“Can you call his Alpha?  Or give him my number and ask Cassie to call me?”  Gabriel was actually begging, something Sam had never witnessed an Alpha do.
“He’ll be alright.  He just always wanted a pet growing up, and with his pregnancy hormones these are like his kids, so it’s hard on him.”  Gabe patted Dean on the back as he tried to reassure him.
feel safe with you.  I’m just scared of what Alistair might do to… ‘our’ pack.  That’s a new concept for me, to think of myself as being part of a pack.  I was essentially thrown out of my old one, so finding my place in yours is a daunting task.  And I don’t want our pup to grow up in fear of what Alistair might do.  This needs to end.  I want him caught and put in jail.  Or else he needs to die if they can’t catch him,”  Cas spoke calmly, his words a soothing balm to Dean’s soul.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m not sure.”
Charlie:  Yep.  Surveillance cameras caught someone that looks an awful lot like Alistair snooping around last night, but the security staff chased him off.
“Is it always this fast with twins?”  Dean asked.
The tech moved the wand lower and it took a good ten minutes of searching before they located the fourth heartbeat.  The pup was tucked under two of the larger ones.  It was weak but its heart was still beating.
“We will begin tomorrow morning to work with you both so that you might be able to shift too.  It will further your bond with each other and with your pups to shift.”  Mordecai said.
“I’ll take her.”  Gabe held out his hands and Dean handed her over.  Evangeline was starting to fuss so he went and picked her up.
“Is it stupid that I’m already in love with him?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’re right, but it was not your fault.  We’ve been over this before, the dude was nuttier than a fruitcake, and nothing you did would have been able to change that.  He locked on to Cas before you ever met him.  But it’s not Cas’ fault either.  You can’t control the sexist, terrible Alphas out there, all you can do is try to make the city, and maybe the world, a safer place for Omegas everywhere, to try and gain the equality they should have always had.  In ancient times Omegas were revered, put up on pedestals and adored. I don’t know why or when society began to see them as worthless, especially since they are the lifeblood of our species.  Omegas carry eighty percent of all children.  Without them our entire species would die out.  And we treat them like garbage, this has to stop.  You are the first Alpha in over three hundred years that not only has wanted to restore Omegas to their former glory, but has the resources to make it a possibility.  You have the ability to eliminate the thinking of Alphas like Alistair, to make it safe for unmated Omegas to walk down the street without being harassed or raped.  To make it a safe place for your pups, for mine, for your children’s children.”
“With Gabe?  I highly doubt things will go sour but…I understand his wariness.  He is wise to be cautious.  You know my brother’s in love with him, right?”  Cas asked.  Dean snorted.
“I think she’s reliving her birth.  I read about that.  She’s asleep though.”  He pulled the bassinet around to his side of the bed and then went to pull Ellie’s closer to Cas’ side.  She was sleeping peacefully, looking like a perfect angel.
“Dean?”
In the kitchen Dean hummed softly as he got himself a glass of milk and located the box of pastries.  Come morning he’d bring it back down, but he didn’t want to risk bringing just one or two up and Cas not liking what he chose, so it was safer to just bring up the entire box.  After grabbing some napkins and putting everything on a tray, he started back up to the bedroom.
“Oh, I won’t!”
Dean pointed a thumb back towards the cabin.  “Up there, with my cousin and our security staff.”
“Yes, they were.  The weather is good for traveling.”  Dean replied.  He looked over to see Reeva bent over the sling Cas was wearing, smiling down at Aidan.
“I hope so, but I’d be just as happy with a girl.”  Cas leaned into his mate, letting the feeling of contentment that he always felt at being in his Alpha’s arms wash over him.
“Where’s Dean?”  He pushed himself up a bit, wincing at how tender his belly was.  That was not a feeling he had missed.
“I want my Omega.  Tell Dean Winchester he had better return him to me untouched or he’ll be sorry.”  Sam didn’t have to see the man to know it was Alistair looming over him, threatening him.
“Oh, Dean!  It smells like garlic!”  Cas exclaimed.  Dean turned to look at him, unsure whether that was a happy declaration or one of disgust but the smile on his mate’s face told him he was glad.  Dean found their food was still warm, and there was fresh garlic bread to go with it.  Good, he knew Cas had worked up an appetite.  He handed a piece to his mate who immediately tore into it.
“I don’t want to lose him.”
“Sure thing.  I’ll be back in a bit.”  She kissed his cheek before getting up and leaving.
Sam walked into the living room and Dean smiled seeing the bandages were finally off his hands.  The bruises had faded and he looked good, save for a thin scar on his chin and swollen knuckles.  He sat down on the couch.
Cas could immediately feel the fear and worry his mate was experiencing.  He turned to Dean and took his face between his hands.
(See the end of the chapter for
Her eyes bugged out at his order.
“Cas, fuck…”  Dean groaned.
“What’s the matter?”  He hurried over to find his mate trying to contain Molly’s diarrhea.
Cas looked at his brother who smiled and patted his shoulder reassuringly.
“I’ll call Jody tomorrow, see if they have anything like that.  Maybe hire some off duty cops to patrol the property too.  At least for a while.”
Once they were back at Gabe’s Dean went on alert.  He turned his phone off so it wouldn’t distract him as he led Cas inside, his eyes, ears, and nose on red alert but the street was quiet.  Gabe met them in the kitchen, helping to grab the bags.
Gabe wiped the tears from his eyes and looked up at him.  “What does that mean?”
“Yeah, got him in to see Evelyn Sanders.  She specializes in Omega pregnancies, but she is an activist, rallies on their behalf, so I trust her to treat Cas with respect while taking good care of him and our pup.  I called her house, that’s why I got him in so soon.  She wanted to see him sooner rather than later after I explained that he’d come out of The District.  So he’s getting a full exam, blood work, and getting a pelvic exam, or at least that’s what she told me she had planned.”
4.)  While Cas is an Omega, I will not insult him by dressing him in women's clothing.  Yes, male Omegas in my fics have dual anatomy and can carry pups (Male Omegas actually are fertile twice as long as a female Omega in this fic), Cas is still a man.  A sweet, sensitive, caring Omega, but I won't turn him into a twink like people are afraid I will.  I don't even like that term, it's derogatory.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
His voice cracked and it broke Dean’s heart to hear it.
“Ok.  I will keep my phone on vibrate in case you do need to reach me.”
“So how are you feeling, Mr. Winchester?”
Dean forced himself not to react to his mate’s anger.  It wouldn’t do them any good if he got into a fight with the man.  Instead he took a deep breath.
“What?”  He blinked, his eyes returning to their normal green.
Dean turned around on the reporter, fangs bared and pure fury in his eyes.
“I’m looking at furniture,”  Dean murmured as he typed in the search bar.
By the time Tess had the pup out and was clearing the nose and mouth, Sam was returning with the doctor.
Cas nodded and found an orange in the bowl on the island. He peeled it and ate it while he listened to Dean making calls. Finally Dean smiled and gave him a thumbs up.
“Will you be stopping by again soon?” she asked.
“And it’s certain that Luke did not do this?”  He asked.  Reeva smirked.
“Crap!  I hope the ribs didn’t burn,”  Dean muttered.
“Sure, sweetheart.”  Dean would give him anything he wanted.
“Come on gorgeous, let’s get you to bed.”
“You’re so good to me.  You’re the perfect one, not me.”  Cas murmured as Dean lowered him into the water.  He watched as the Alphas stripped off his pants but left his boxers on before slipping into the tub with him.  He positioned himself behind Cas and pulled the Omega back so he could lean against him.  A moment later he was running a soapy washcloth down Cas’ chest.  The Omega purred and closed his eyes in contentment.  This was the second time now that Dean had heard him purr, and his heart swelled at the sound.  He poured water over Cas to wash away the soap before helping him out of the tub.
“Well, we decided to have it in August.  We’re thinking of doing it in a traditional way, like how our ancestors used to do it,”  Gabe replied.
“Reeva says yes.  We got her out before she got any more bites.  I can smell that these houses are made from cedar.  They smell good.  Cedar is a natural insect repellent.  We will be crowded, but we’ll all be safe here.”  Cas ran his fingers through his mate’s hair and kissed his forehead lovingly.
Dean and Sam face the aftermath of what the attack by Alistair has done to their mates.
“What’s going on?”  he asked as he walked over.  It was clear his mate was still irritated; he could feel it.
“Good, good.  Now what’s this I hear about you being pregnant again?”  There was a playful tone to her voice as she opened up Cas’ chart.  It made both of them smile.
“That would be fantastic.  I think we’re going to open up an auto shop here too, once the Omegas are able to save up enough to afford cars.  They’ll need affordable maintenance as well as jobs.  We need to get jobs going, to stimulate the economy and  improve the area.”
.”  He waited and to his surprise both girls shifted back immediately.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“What about you Dean?  What are you looking for?  Have you really given up on finding your true mate?"  she asked.
“So, provided you don’t pop between now and then, I want to see you back here in two weeks.  Once you’re past the eight month mark I want to see you once a week.  I’d like to see you get as close to your due date as possible,”  Doctor Sanders said.
“We’ll leave the pizzas in the teacher’s lounge.  Most of us have fourth period off since it’s a lunch period for the kids,”  Cas explained, leading him down the hall.  Sure enough the teacher’s lounge was filled, though only a few people were actually eating.  Dean’s heart broke as he realized how many of them were hungry Omegas, underweight and barely surviving.
Dean took him by the hand and led him up to the second floor.
“Oreos are cookies, but yeah.  Do you like peanut butter?  You eat the sandwiches I make you,”  Dean asked.
“What about Sam’s truck?  The library won’t let you leave it here.”  Gabe pointed out.  “He’ll get towed.”  He pointed at a sign mounted to the light pole a few feet away.  It basically said as much.
So yes, this here is a Sabriel scene.  Enjoy, there will be more (stuff OTHER than smut) coming next chapter.  I hope you like this chapter!
“There are free ones, and there are ones you have to pay for.  Why don’t you enjoy that one for now, and tomorrow I’ll download a few more.  You can put them on right from the internet, but we’ll work on teaching you all of that later,”  Dean replied.
The door opened and Cas stuck his head in.
The casket had to be wood, not metal. Something natural and untreated.
“Good day today?”  Dean asked after turning the music down.
“Those are adorable!”  Dean took the box so he could get a better look.  Two white tee shirts with little flannel shirts to go over them, and jeans were inside.  One green flannel, one blue.  He was in love.  “We need to do pics in these, too.  Thank you, Alfie, we love all of these.  The kids will definitely be wearing them, and soon.”
Either Lisa was insane or she just wanted Dean that badly because she actually had the nerve to growl back.
Dean guided his mate down the hall, past the office and past the first floor bathroom.  A door at the end of the hall stood open, and he reached out to push it all the way open.
“Yes.  One is very small.  I’m worried about that one.”  Cas admitted.  He laid a hand over his bump.  He was very worried about that pup.
“Let me know how it all goes.  He’s an intelligent guy, I think he’ll understand it and accept it.  I already see the way he looks at you, like you hung the damn moon and stars.  There’s no way he’s going to deny you as his mate.”
“Okay?” Dean cocked an eyebrow.
“In the hall on the phone.  He’s handling the necessary calls.  I’ll go get it.”  Sam left the room and Cas turned back to Tess.
“You be good for your papa.  Daddy will be home soon.”
It seemed to take forever but finally they were gone. He hoised his backpack onto his back and made sure the straps were tight before he stepped out into the cool night air. His nose wrinkled as it so often did at the stench of decay and death. This area used to smell of donuts and coffee but that had been years ago. Now all he smelled was the filth and rotting corpses.
“Yeah, sure.”
It's time.  Cas goes into labor and the family comes together to help and support them.
“If it’s properly fortified they couldn’t get in!” Gabe exclaimed. “Dean would know how to do that and he could teach the rest of us!” He whipped around to look at Sam. There was fire in his golden colored eyes that made the man glad he was sitting in the recliner ten feet away.
“It’s always my pleasure.  If you have any problems with the brace, just give me a call.  We’ll talk soon.”
Cas sat down, pulling his mate into his arms.  He stroked his fingers through Dean’s hair as he waited for the Alpha to get his emotions under control.
“How about this?  There is immunity and full equality in Canada.  We will send you there until you can decide, or Bart can get his act straight.  Let’s give him a few days to cool down and realize how ridiculous he was acting here today.  If he doesn’t want to be a responsible, loving mate, then you can apply for sanctuary and sever the bond.  Canada will never force you to return to an abusive mate,”  Dean told her.  She went to him, wrapping her arms around his neck in a tight hug.
I do hope you like this chapter.  I am sorry it's getting put up late, I was so busy today and I forgot it was Wednesday.  But enjoy!
“What happened?”  The doctor asked as she knelt down next to the tub.  Cas was too upset to speak and simply grabbed onto the front of her dress, still sobbing.
“That they’re so tiny and fragile.  Can we tell before they present what they will be?”  Cas wondered.
“The rooms are lovely, thank you.  We are quite comfortable,”  Cas replied.
“Thank you.”  Sam was beaming at the compliment.  Tess stood up and turned to Dean.
The mud and grime sluiced away and the water felt nice after being out in the chilly autumn night without any shoes. His feet were the filthiest so he grabbed the wash cloth that had sat folded on the edge of the tub and the bar of soap.
“Don’t.  I don’t even want to think about that yet.”  Cas shook his head.  He was hoping there was only one pup in there this time.  Dean rubbed his mate’s belly gently.
“Yeah, and Cas doesn’t remember anything past the gun getting pulled and aimed at Dean,” he replied.
“Your hair is rather unruly, isn’t it?”  Dean asked with a small laugh.
“Yeah, ok.”  Sam grabbed his phone off the nightstand and Dean gave him one last nod before returning to his room.  Cas was no longer in the bed but he could hear water running in the bathroom.  The sick scent of throw up carried in to the bedroom through the open door.
“Bet you’re glad this’ll never happen.” Sam laughed and nodded towards the TV.
“He’s your brother.  What do you say?”
Everyone in the room chuckled softly.
Dean snorted but kept his mouth shut.  Sam left to go get the food.  Ellen floated in and out and when Charlie finally arrived she came bursting into the bathroom, her usual bubbly self.
“A little bit.  I thought it was too soon but my doctor says no, with twins I’ll get a bump sooner.”
“I believe so. At the market a lady had her baby on her back, in a sling and the baby was staring right at the girl and screaming his head off. It wasn’t a dirty diaper or food scream either. He was terrified. The mother seemed to recognize it too and when she went to leave, her path would have taken her right up to the girl, or possibly even through her, except she got within a foot, stopped in her tracks, shook her head and reversed direction. The girl never took her eyes off me though. When I got to Jordan’s she was already there, standing between me and the counter. I went back out to the car and just ordered it to be delivered.”
Dean kissed his mate softly.  “I am in complete agreement.  We’ll get through this batch first.”
“Maybe you need to take a trip up there and see how they’re organizing things.  Check out your employees, too, make sure they’re not stealing.”  Charlie had sat down in one of the chairs across from him.
“Castiel.  And…thank you, for calling Dean,"  he said softly.
“If it has a number at the bottom of the screen that says anything but zero, he has it on hand to sell.  So these…”  Sam scrolled down a bit to check,  “are available.  And he delivers.”
Cas purred in agreement and Dean thought that sound might be his favorite in the world.  As he drifted off he thought of his beautiful Omega and the life they would have together.  For the first time in the Alpha’s life his dreams were pleasant.
“Yes, dear,”  Dean said with a grin.
“How are you feeling this morning?”  Sam directed the question to Cas.
Cas nodded.  “We’ll be fine.  I have Jo and Donna to help me.”  He looked over at the pack and plays where their pups were sleeping.  There were four squeezed in side by side along the opposite wall.  Dean looked over too, glad that the pups were still asleep.
“We were sleeping.  Second nap today.  Lots of exercise.”  Sam could hear the smug smile in his brother’s voice.
Dean. The beautiful man’s name was Dean.
In the kitchen Dean was adjusting a gun holster on his hip.  He pulled his flannel over it as they walked in.
“That was perfect, babe,”  Dean said just loud enough for him to hear.  Cas smiled proudly.
“I like the color, is that peach?”  Dean touched the part Cas had completed.  “Wow, it is soft.”
“No, it’s fine, it’s just…big.  I’m used to sleeping in a very confined space.  I shared a double bed with two brothers when I was a child and when I went to live with my aunt, she didn’t have another bed, so I slept on the floor on her back porch.  I didn’t even have the bed I have now for the first eight years I lived there.  I slept on the floor.  I got the bed as a gift from a church one Christmas.  I’ve never had anything like this before.”  He motioned towards the gigantic bed.  Dean’s expression softened.
Near the house Dean had built a clubhouse for the kids, complete with swings, a slide, and a picnic table.  Molly and Ellie loved to get pushed on the swings and go down the slides, but mostly they played with their toys under the slides in the shade.  That Thursday, Ellen had gone to run a few errands, including picking up a new inhaler for Aidan, while Cas finished up some homework and got some laundry into the washer.  The only pup awake at that moment was Evie, so he had her in the sling Dean had bought for him and she was gurgling happily from her spot against his chest.  When the intercom on the wall crackled and came to life he looked up and waited to see if the security staff was going to say something.
“Four months, almost five.  I’m already a whale.”  He stuck his lower lip out in a pout but Tess just smiled.
“You smell of your Alpha, and your pups.  They…do not smell well.  Is it a virus?”
“I know you will.”  Dean said as he picked up his own robes and put them on.  He’d already dressed in the linen shirt and pants.  All that was left were his own robes.  Belatedly he wished he and Cas had gone with a more traditional ceremony, but their wedding had been beautiful, nonetheless.  He let Ellen adjust his robes and tie the rope at his waist.
“Well, yeah, but like I said before, he has a girlfriend and I don’t want to come between that,”  Gabe replied.
“Are you ok?”  Cas asked him.
“Come on gorgeous, let’s go eat.”
“I’m a little nervous, if I must be honest.  The police are still outside, and I heard someone say the technician is dead.  Is that true?”  He opened those blue eyes of his, the ones that seemed capable of looking into the very depths of Dean’s soul and rendering him incapable of lying to the man.
Gabe made quick work of Sam’s belt and even quicker work of his pants.  Now that they were down to only their boxers, they stopped to look at one another.
is ever going to happen to you or anyone in our pack.”  He reached again for his mate but Cas jumped back, not allowing himself to be touched.
“Scared of what?”  Dean asked.
“Dinner Friday? I’ll make vegan burgers.” He said with a smile.
“My pack, we came back here often when I was a kid.  My mother insisted that we learn pack traditions, and so we did.  Even back at home she taught us.  This…I am not the pack leader here, Mordecai is.  It’s now out of my hands completely.  I must submit to him and his laws.  Luke, he hurt a member of the pack.  That is against the law.  He came here with the intention of harming Sam again, whether it is physical or psychological harm, he broke the law by coming here onto pack land. They’re… holding a trial.”
“Ok, what the
“Alright, I have to get this paper done but then I have class at noon.  I’ll be home around four, and I think Gabe is coming over tonight.”  Sam turned back to his computer and started typing again.
“Go take a shower, sweetheart.  I’ll get this cleaned up,” he said.
“What’s wrong with my pup?”  Cas demanded between the contractions.
person that can impregnate my brother is Dean.  I can’t even imagine the tortures he would have inflicted upon my brother if he could have gotten away with stealing him, but of course we all know he wouldn’t have even gotten that far had he actually shot Dean.  I was ready to jump in front of him if it meant he and Cas had a chance of surviving.”  Gabe poured beer into his mug and took a gulp.
“Yeah, I know.  I’m glad the girls are walking now.  It’ll be hard enough toting around four newborns.  I don’t want to have to carry them, too,” he sighed.
“He’s breathing.  Would you like for me to go and check on him?”
Gabe:  Wine?  Ok, I can do that.  Any particular requests?
They had reached the NICU where they could see Gabe and Alan inside, talking to one of the nurses.
“Why, planning to spend time with Jess?”  Dean asked.  Sam’s eyes flickered over to Gabe briefly before settling on the remaining food on his plate.
Dean’s eyes shot up.  “That’s not what I said!”
Gabe:  That’s my boy!  There are muffins in the bread box if he’s hungry and juice in the fridge.
“Your guess is as good as mine,” Dean said. “I’m hoping it’s just a wild animal that got inside, or even Mischief. But why would something target Jack’s room specifically? Wouldn’t we have seen signs of a raccoon or something? Can they even put gouges in the wood like that? I’m thinking no. Whatever it is, it has to be strong.”
Sam shook his head as he got to his feet.  “No thanks.  I don’t feel very well, I’m going to go lay down.”
Unable to avoid their brothers anymore, they headed back to Gabe’s. They’d arranged for their new furniture to arrive at their house the next day, and Alan’s men were set to accept the delivery at the door and place the furniture in the rooms themselves once it arrived.  Until they could get settled in back at home though, they were stuck at Gabe’s.
“The girls picked their outfits and I wanted to find something warm for Jack. If the girls are going to be out there for hours I didn’t want him getting sick. I figure a thick blanket to cover him and he’ll stay toasty in his stroller.” Dean explained.
“Dean.  It would seem that our paths are crossing with much more frequency since you mated,” she joked.
Dean could feel his mate’s irritation so he rubbed his nose against his mate’s throat.
“Well, this is Aidan Matthew.  Cas is holding Katherine Grace.”
“I watch TV, though mostly it’s documentaries or Game of Thrones,”  Sam said.  He pointed at the loveseat in the corner.  His room was large, and Dean had gone out of his way in the beginning to make the space more like a studio apartment than just a bedroom.  Sam appreciated it then, and he appreciated it now.  This was his space, his sanctuary.  Not even Jess had ever been up here.  Gabe sat down while Sam put the movie in the DVD player.  Grabbing the remote and the bottle of wine, he joined Gabe on the couch.  He poured them both a second glass of wine as the movie started and they were getting into the movie, laughing at Chris Pratt and even the kids as they each enjoyed a third glass.  At some point that he didn’t recall, Sam ended up with his legs folded up under himself while his upper body was pressed into Gabe’s side, his head resting on the Alpha’s shoulder as they watched Bryce Dallas Howard distract the enormous dinosaur.  Gabe’s arm was around his shoulders, fingers lazily dragging through Sam’s hair as he laughed at the one liners the movie seemed to be filled with.  Sam was chuckling at the lines too and they both jumped as the dinosaur in the water leapt up, snagging the Indominus Rex.  Gabe’s arm tightened around him instinctively before they both relaxed, laughing at their own silliness.
“Where’s Ellen?”  Cas asked.  He knew she’d take him if he asked.
“Hey, honey…it’s ok.”  He squeezed his mate tight and ran his fingers through the Omega’s hair as he tried to soothe him.
“Which way do you swing?”
“Sure, sweetheart.  They look swollen; I’d be happy to.”
“Where are the dogs?”  Dean asked once Gabe was gone.  He sat down in the empty seat.
Dean nodded.  “Ok, then if you ask Donna nicely and go back and sit at the table, you can each have one cupcake.”  He set Molly down and both girls danced around Donna’s legs as she got the cupcakes out of the fridge.
“I’ll have the same as Cassie.  I’ll even stop for milkshakes on the way home.  Maybe just some soft serve ice cream for Sam.  I know his face hurts.”  Gabe winked at Sam, who smiled weakly.  His jaw was still hurting.
“Sam says it triggers an early heat, a mating response to distract the Alpha and make them want to claim the Omega.”  Dean blushed as he read the last part.
There was a flash of something in the Alpha’s eyes that Sam thought might be hurt, but it was so fast he didn’t get the chance to really evaluate it before the Alpha was smiling and pulling his boxers off.  Sam almost had to do a double take.  What Gabe lacked in height he more than made up for in other areas.  This time, without asking, he pulled Sam’s underwear off and tossed them aside.
“I heard two names.  Are all the pups named yet?”  Alan asked.
“Alan.  Was the drive down here alright?”  Dean asked as he let the men in.  He hurried to silence the alarm.
superior to Betas or Omegas, and from there they need to be taught how to interact with them in a beneficial way that will improve society and move the next generation towards equal rights and full integration.  I am referring to beyond just the school systems.  I want to eliminate places like The District. Omegas should not have to cringe and fear out-of-control Alphas. I lived for thirty six years before I met my mate and never once did I ever try to force myself onto an Omega or Beta.  I was taught respect, and I was taught that all genders are equal.  Even when I met my mate I was respectful.  I did not force myself on him at all. I called upon him in his home, and I left the decision up to him as to whether he wanted to come back to my home with me.  He decided to come home with me. I wanted to claim him, but I left that decision up to him as well.  Had he never chosen to mate with me, I would have never forced myself upon him.  I know many Alphas that think the same way that I do, and they wouldn’t dream of forcing themselves upon another person.  It is society as a whole that is teaching young Alphas that they have permission to treat Omegas so cruelly.  We need to change that mindset if we want to make this country a better place for everyone.”
“Sam is well.  Married, mated, and with a pup of his own now.  He is very happy, and loved deeply by his mate.”
“For the moment, yes, everyone is developing normally.  They’re all squeezed in there tight so Doctor Sanders couldn’t make out all of their sexes.  We decided that we don’t want to know if we can’t find out what everyone is.  It will be a surprise.”  Cas replied.
Sam shrugged.
Cas chuckled and smiled at the woman.  “It’s nice to meet you, Missouri.  I’m Cas.”
“Oh? Let me put Jack in the pack and play and I’ll come help.” Cas headed for the living room while Dean got the girls to take off their costumes. With the baby monitor in hand, he followed them outside. Cas’ jaw dropped when he saw the sheer amount of things packed into the bed of Dean’s truck.
“But you need to keep your energy up,”  Tess reminded him.  He whined but didn’t argue.  She looked up at Sam again.  “If you have pudding or jello, bring some of that for him too.  And tea, if you have any.”
“What did you do Sammy?  Where’s Cas?”  Dean sounded annoyed.
This was a festival and festivals were full of unsuspecting people. His second eldest brother called them cattle but he was of a different opinion.
“Mother fucker!
“Thank you.  I know things will get better because you genuinely care.  I look forward to going back to work knowing the materials we’ll need will actually be there.”
“Sammy?”
“Drive straight up and park in front of the garage,”  Dean told him.  Alfie nodded and did as told.  “That’s my brother-in-law Samandriel Novak and his mate, Jude,”  he told Alan.
“Y-yeah.  I-I n-need my pills, Dean.  I can’t….I can’t do this without them.”
Her logic amused him and before he could talk with her about this any further, Dean came walking in. He had Emma on one hip and a fluffy teddy bear with their son’s face on the other.
“I’ll go and change the bedding in your room so you aren’t trying to lay on wet sheets.  Take a nap, I’ll get you up in a little while.”  Dean smoothed a lock of damp hair back from Cas’ forehead and pressed a kiss to the smooth skin there.  Cas opened his eyes and smiled up at him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I don’t know if I’m more worried now about our pups or if I’ll be more worried once they’re here,” he laughed.  Cas smiled.
“What are you doing?”  Dean hissed.  Gabe still had a death grip on him but tightened his hold further.
Sorry I didn't get this up sooner, today was my "baby's" sweet 16.  It was a busy day around here.  But it's up now and I do hope you all liked it.  Next chapter will be up Sunday!
“I-Is he…ever getting out?”  The blonde woman Dean had seen Luke talking with earlier asked.
“Kill me now,”  Cas muttered.
Someone knocked at the door, and Dean got up to answer it.  “Who are you?” he asked the petite brunette standing at the door.  There was a darkness about her that he really didn’t like.  Her scent made the hairs on the back of his neck stand up.
Cas whimpered and pulled at his husband’s shirt.  “Call Sam, make sure the pups are ok.”
Cas nodded.  “Of course.”
Cas explained what he had been thinking and Dean looked down at the meat.
Dean was sitting in the Impala right at two thirty when Cas walked out the door.  The Omega smiled when he heard the music pouring from the car’s speakers and saw Dean singing along and drumming on the steering wheel.  He blushed and dropped his hands when Cas opened the passenger door.
“Ok, so I’m going to go make us some lunch.  If you need anything at all, let me know and I’ll get it.  What would you like to eat?”
“I love you, Dean.”
When Cas was as open as he was going to get, Dean leaned over him, stilling the fingers he still had moving inside the other man.
“I’ve got you, Sam.  He’s never going to touch you again, that’s my solemn promise to you.”  There was steel in Gabe’s voice, and Dean could see then what a truly strong Alpha he was.  He was the mate Sam had always wanted.  Dean was glad his brother had him now when he needed him most.
“Yes, I do,”  Cas replied.  Dean speared a piece of his food and held it up to his mate.  Cas pulled it into his mouth and chewed.
“I’m heading there as it is today, but I think I’ll bring in a security team too.  Safety measures,”  Dean said.
“He’s in shock.  Instinctively, he’s anticipating being hit, and all of that abuse he suffered?  It all came rushing back.  He needs time.  Unfortunately Mordecai has decided to take matters into his own hands.  It is now under pack law, and they will hold court.  Do you know how that works?”
“He’s out shopping for yarn.  He wants to make a blanket,”  Dean replied.
“He putting it on the bed?”  Gabe asked.
“You ready to get up?”  Dean asked.
“You’re so beautiful Cas...so amazing…”
Dean carried the box down the hall to his brother’s room.  Sam was standing in front of his closet sifting through his clothes.
“Yes, honestly.”
“You Cas?"  she asked.  He nodded.
“Cas!  Oh thank God it’s you!”  She practically fell into his arms, sobbing as he wrapped his arms around her.  He led her to a chair in the corner and lowered her down into it.  She was still clinging to Cas as though her life depended on it.  He knelt down in front of her and took her face in his hands.
Dean raised his shotgun as he pressed his back to the wall and willed his heartbeat to slow. A corner of the busted stucco was digging into his shoulder but he ignored the pain. He needed to listen and pushed away anything else that might distract him.
“Oh, frozen ones!  Thank you!”  Cas took out the pasteles in the first bag and began stacking them in the freezer just as Sam walked in with Gabe.
“Need you, Alpha, want you so bad,”  Cas whimpered as he nipped at the mating mark on Dean’s neck.
“I’ll have your Cobb salad, French dressing on the side.”  Cassie said.  Cas turned to look at Dean, not quite meeting his eyes.
“They’re keeping a guard on him, right?”  Dean asked.
“How are you feeling?”  Sam asked as he looked over at Cas.
“Yep. Save us some food, he’s going to be downright ravenous later,”  Dean told him.
“How did this happen?”
“In the beginning?  He was gentle.  As time wore on he became indifferent, and I learned the hard way what a cruel streak he really had.  This is a big area where Luke differs from my brother.  Dean is, in personality in general, strong but gentle.  I know that when he tells me he won’t hurt you, he really won’t.  You’re safe with him.  I know he loves you.  Luke…pretended to love me.  He wanted a submissive.  I was later told he wanted a strong, attractive Beta to show off, but that he had never really felt much towards me.  I, on the other hand, fell hard for the bastard.”
“I make a killer cheeseburger.”  Dean offered.
“I find that I like it.  A lot,” he replied softly.  Dean couldn’t help but chuckle.
His phone was sitting on the coffee table and he snatched it up before heading into the kitchen. He dialed his friend’s number and waited.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“I should go home though,” Dean said, even as he followed the man into the house. It was warm and once the lights were turned on it was brightly lit as well. He looked around and was unsurprised to find that the furniture matched the feel of the house, except the upholstery was green velvet, not black. It was all antique but beautiful.
“I’m sorry about that, I just…poop…”
“My bed ready?”
“How many more?”
“I looked at a house once where the attic access was in the closet. I hated that idea, so I passed on the house. I went for the one with a finished attic, it was the selling point for me.” He said as he tried to reach up and poke at the ceiling. He was too short though. His brother appeared next to him and at six feet Cas could at least brush his fingers across it. He went up on the tips of his toes and managed to poke it but the ceiling was solid.
“I ran into Lisa.  She wouldn’t back off so I sort of went super Alpha on her.  I think my eyes turned red cause it scared her and she ran off.”
Dean wrapped his arms a little tighter around Cas’ waist and pressed a kiss to his back, through his shirt before laying his cheek against it.  He could hear the Omega’s heart beating, and it was comforting to him.  Cas talked about a test he planned to give his students when he went back to work and Dean listened, offering bits of advice on what else he should add to it when he was asked.  Cas moved to sit in the seat next to him and as they talked they nibbled at their muffins.
“Cassie alright?”  Gabe asked.
“Yes, though Molly was much quicker to pick it up.  Ellie has a bit of a stubborn streak,” Cas replied. Dean looked back at Ellie, who was using his knee to give herself the leverage she needed to stand up.  Then she was smacking her open mouth too.
“It could have been, but he was gentle. I lack something important that you have. I do not produce slick.  Your slick goes a long way towards making the entire experience more enjoyable, but Luke took his time, and I trusted him, and honestly?  I know I’m dating a female Beta, but I miss that part of the relationship with an Alpha.  I miss the fullness of taking a knot, and just how damn good it feels.  I can only give in my current relationship.  I don’t know how much you know about Beta anatomy.  Usually they only teach Betas their own anatomy, and same for Alphas and Omegas.”
Cas is devasted by the damage Alistair wrought on The Roadhouse and he blames himself.  The message that was left behind further convinces him of that.  For the first time, Dean is unable to console his mate and it leads to his own self doubt.
“Sure.  How about some yogurt and a breakfast bar?”  Gabe directed the question to Sam who nodded.
“You hear that?” Dean asked.
“You guys are coming with?”  Cas asked, surprised.
His awkwardness was endearing and Castiel smiled as he moved closer. Dean was asking him out on a date. It had been a long, long time since he’d been out with someone, at least a decade. Dean was beautiful and the idea of taking him to his bed was highly appealing. His parents wouldn’t approve of him having any kind of relations with humans but he honestly didn’t care. He wasn’t revealing anything, he was simply enjoying time with potential new friends, and possibly a new love interest. For the time being he planned to keep that secret, both from his family and from the council.
“It’s only a week, right?”  Sam asked.  Cas pursed his lips but nodded.  He picked up the spoon and moved the oatmeal around but didn’t eat any.
“Oh really?”  Dean said, grinning.
“I have someone going to check it out and see if his mother can’t be located.  They’re very thorough and we’ll know soon enough.”  Dean sat up carefully since Molly was using him to stand and pulled his pup into his lap.  Gabe sat down next to his brother and began playing with Henry.
“So, let me get this straight.  Lisa wanted you, Cas got mad, she challenged him, he got between you, and suddenly his eyes went gold?”
“She ok?”  Cas asked.
They finished their meals just a few minutes before the tech from the alarm company arrived.  Dean had also called Charlie, and she arrived while the tech was doing a check of the external wiring.
He stood calmly, waiting for Dean’s answer.
“I was getting the bleach for him and I tripped, spilled it everywhere.  He’s stuck in the laundry room til I clean it up.”  Sam had the decency to sound apologetic.
“I think I just met the woman that was seen leaving my house last night,”  Dean said.
They said their goodbyes, and he promised he’d check in with her later.  A minute later his phone buzzed with a text and he opened it.  The terror he felt in that moment was worse than anything he had ever felt before.  Suddenly a door somewhere down the hall slammed open and Cas was screaming his name.
here to monitor this Q & A.”  She turned to Dean and smiled.  “It’s your cue.”
“Yeah, I get it.  Get some rest, ok, Sammy?”  He looked at his brother, who seemed to be on the verge of dozing off.
“S-sorry, just worried about the pups.”  He nodded towards the incubator that one of the nurses was setting up.  Cas whined with the next contraction and Tess went back to checking him.
Sam tucked the phone in his pocket again.  “Cas is asleep and Dean said it’s Cas’ decision, and he wasn’t waking him up to make him decide right now, so I’m to get your number and give it to Cas.  If he wants to call you, he will.”
Dean nodded.  He found the box and grabbed it.
“What?  No!”  Cas scared both men by screaming.
“I want to go back to school.”  He blurted.  Dean looked up at him, mildly surprised by the sudden change of topic.
“Oh!”  Cas exclaimed as he found a plastic fork in the bucket and dug in.  Dean sat next to him but his attention was on the other Omegas in the room.
dying, to the possibility of losing Gabe as well, but now it all came rushing back in vivid technicolor.  He shuddered and poured himself a second drink.  His nerves were frayed, and he was desperate for some kind of release from the visions that flooded his thoughts.  He didn’t even realize he was crying until the first fat drops landed on his thigh, spreading across his jeans.  After that they spilled freely.  He was glad he’d given Cas one of the pills the doctor had prescribed and that his mate was out like a light or the emotional storm he was experiencing would be affecting his mate, too.
“I-I’m still on anxiety pills.  They’re in my bag.  Please…”  Sam begged.  They were standing in the tent Gabe had gotten dressed in, not Sam’s.  Dean turned to his mate.
Another thing, this is occurring on pack lands.  Think of this like a treaty of sorts, that the original packs have made with those that moved out of the forests and off the plains, etc.  If a crime is committed on pack lands, you are subject to pack laws.  Outside laws hold no bearings.  So, though most of the crimes were committed against Sam OFF of pack lands, new ones were committed ON pack lands, and Mordecai has the right to do whatever the hell he wants.  If he chooses to kill someone on his lands, he has that right.  He is not, however, a murderer.  He is a strong leader.
“I might have to break the first one.  Let’s hope I don’t.”  She pulled out a stopwatch and when the next contraction hit, she timed it.
“The pups are girls.”
The minister turned to Dean.  “Dean, please help Samuel to remove the robe of his pack so that he may place it on his mate’s shoulders.”
“You’re sure?”
“It is true.  He shifted and ran to play with my pups and the other pups in the village.  I have news about Dean’s mother, Mary Campbell Winchester.”
Gabe followed Dean into the bedroom.  “Where is he?”
“Sure thing.”  Gabe already had his phone out and was dialing Sam’s number as Dean made his way to the nearest bathroom.
I do hope you liked this chapter.  :)
“Come.  We will eat and discuss your reasons for visiting.  I sense that there is much on your mind.”  Mordecai motioned for him to follow, so Dean did.  They stepped into a small but clean dwelling.  It was round with an open floor plan.  A fireplace in the back corner was lit, and a large pot hung over it.  Dean had vague memories of eating here as a young boy.  Looking up he spotted the loft.  He remembered playing with Sorla, Ember, and Varion, Mordecai and Giselle’s pups.  The ones that were around his and Sam’s ages, at least.  There had been other pups, some older, some younger, but he hadn’t interacted with them too much.  Memories were slowly beginning to rise to the surface as he looked around the room.   This had felt more like home to him than the city had.  He recalled his mother sitting by the window with Giselle, drinking pine needle tea and eating homemade bread while Dean and his brother ran around with the other pups.  He-
“Anything.”
“What about diapers?  Grab those too,”  Cas added.  Gabe nodded and left to get the things Dean had asked for.
“We’re going to take the pups to the neonatal intensive care now,” a nurse said.  Dean turned to Gabe.
“Are you very badly injured?”  he asked Sam.  Sam gave a small shrug of his shoulders, grimacing at the pain that shot through his chest at the gesture.
“It’s where I’m from, and I’m happy here.  Besides, I won’t go traipsing all over the country until my brother takes a mate.  He needs me,"  he  replied.
“Thank you Dean, for helping me through that.  I know it’s just the beginning but for me the first wave is almost always unbearable to endure alone.”
“No, the contractions are getting worse. I need Dean.” Cas grunted as another one hit.
“We’ll be safe here, right?”  Cas asked as he kicked off his shoes.
Dean rested his chin on Cas’ shoulder and watched as his pup nursed.  She really was beautiful.
Cas lifted the lid off the box and he smiled.
“Thank you, I believe we have run out. We appreciate this very much. It makes it a lot easier than trying to explain in the morning what happened. They'd go to school telling the other kids that monsters are real, and we both know that just gives them more power. I'll be damned if we'll be responsible for giving demons the strength they need to permanently enter our world.” Tonight he’d sprinkle a bit over each of his sleeping children and come morning they’d have no memory of the monsters under their beds. The monsters only had power if people believed in them. His were almost all old enough to stop believing. Almost.
“You’re so perfect, baby.  I love you so much.”  Dean lifted his mate carefully so they were lying on their sides, facing one another with one of Cas’ legs throw up over Dean’s hips.  He played with his mate’s breasts as he’d wanted to do while they waited.
Cas blushed and looked down at the pants he was still wearing.  “I sort of rushed earlier and…these are all I’m wearing.”
“Papa!”  She whined until Sam set her down in his lap.
Cas looked at him for a moment before his face flushed red.  The idea of presenting to an Alpha was embarrassing, but this was Dean.  He got up on all fours, turning his back to his mate.  One warm hand slid across his lower back, pulling him back against the taller man, another settled on his hip.  Then Dean was leaning over him, kissing his back as he moved into position.
“Sometimes.  Sometimes it takes an hour or more.  Ideally I’d like Cas to get a break to rest, but if this pup comes quickly we can get him cleaned up and in bed within the hour,”  Tess replied.  Cas groaned on the next contraction as he sought out Dean’s hands and clutched at them desperately.
“He decided he wanted a water birth.  He’s been reading up on different things lately and it’s supposed to be less painful in water, and easier to clean up.  I really hope that’s true.”  Dean motioned for his brother-in-law to follow him into the bathroom.
a pack.
“These are my grandchildren.  This is Danae and Sonad.  Molly will join her siblings and the Omegas who are gathered in expectation of meeting your mate and the rest of your pups.”  Mordecai said.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Alright.  I’m just going to brush my teeth and then we’ll go to sleep.”  Dean said.  Cas smiled.
Dean looked over at his mate and saw the man arch one eyebrow.  He knew the man was thinking the same thing he was.
“Omegas that are without their own pups pitch in to help those that have pups, so the mothers don’t get overwhelmed.  In ancient times, if a mother wolf couldn’t comfortably raise all of her pups she would push the weakest ones out of the den where either other childless Omegas would take them or they would die.  Childless Omegas began stepping in to help with caring for the pups so entire litters could survive.  When my parents came with us, my mom always had help.  We were surrounded by loving, caring Omegas.  My mom was calmer for it, and happier.”  Dean pointed ahead.  “There’s the water.  Now, the Omegas will be naked in the water, and they may fuss over you, and possibly me.  It’s not a mating ritual, it’s just pack behavior.  A pack takes care of each other.  I’m just warning you now.”
“Can I pick him up?”  He asked the nurse who was standing nearby.
“It probably is him.  It’s not safe there, and he’s wary.  I can’t say I blame him though.”  Dean moved to the kitchen island and sprayed some cleaner across the surface before he started wiping it with the cloth.
Cas leaned out the door to watch the Beta disappear down the front staircase.  It was several minutes before he returned with a small white bottle in his hand.
“Why do I suspect it will be quite interesting living with you two?”
“Easier.  Will this help clear up until I’m due?”  He turned to look at her as Dean opened the nursery door.
“Oh, I beg to differ.  That’s my friend you’re kicking the shit out of, and you’re assaulting him over MY brother, so yes, it absolutely IS my business.”  Gabriel’s voice took on a cold tone and his expression clearly showed that he was challenging Alistair.
“You ready to go?”  Dean’s expression softened and he brought a hand up to rub a thumb down the Omega’s cheek.
“I agree with Tess.  I think you’re beautiful like this.”  Dean was coming out of the bathroom with a cup of tea.  He carried it over to the bed and handed it to his mate before crawling up onto the bed and sitting next to him.
intend to learn the orientation of our children.  Not Gabriella, not Molly, not any others we might have in the future.  Even if all of our children presented as Omegas, they will be loved and raised with the understanding that they are important and equal to everyone else.”
“She attacked me!” He gasped and his hands flew up to his neck. “She bit my neck!” More like ripped it out. Odd, the skin was fine, no sign of it having been mauled.
“Well I know you’re the perfect Alpha for me.  You’re everything I ever dreamed of, and then some.”  He blushed as the words left his mouth and glanced nervously at his brother, who looked thoroughly amused.
“How many do you even have?  I think his name’s Gabriel?”  Dean pulled into a spot and Cas stayed very close as they wove through the growing crowd.  Dean reached back to grab his hand as they approached a line of police cars.  Dean recognized Jody Mills.
“I’m glad Cassie found you, Dean.  And I’m especially glad you turned out to be his true mate and not a dick like the guy that attacked Sam last night,”  Gabe said as he carried two muffins over to the table and set them down.  “They’re still hot, so let them sit a while longer to cool.”
“Come on, you need a shower, and I need to make sure your tub is clean.”
“So, my mother, could she shift?”
Cas weighed her words carefully.  Dean could feel the emotions whirling through his mate and he reached a hand out, twining their fingers together and squeezing gently.  This pack was linked with his mother’s pack.
“I, uh, she...she had...claws, I think? And her teeth…”
His mate seemed to shake off whatever had him so distracted and he looked at Cas.
Ellie blew a spit bubble in response while Molly smacked the tray on the walker excitedly.  He smiled at them.  God he loved being a father.
“There’s no reason to be nervous, sweetheart.  We’ll be fine.”  He kissed his mate’s cheek and Cas relaxed a bit as he leaned into it.  He needed his mate’s gentle touch.
“Goodnight.”  Dean told her.  Donna nodded and headed for the opposite loft.
And Dean has his blanket, finally.  You know he's a thrilled Alpha, lol!
“If it’s ok with you, Gabe, we chose our daughter’s name to honor you, for everything you’ve done for us since coming back into Cas’ life.  From saving Sam to putting us up when we needed a place to stay.  We’re wanting to call her Gabriella Rose.  Ellie for short,”  Dean said.
An hour later Cas had nursed all four pups and they were all sound asleep in their incubators.  The only one on oxygen was Aidan, and they didn’t foresee him coming off it for a while yet.  Dean helped Cas into the wheelchair waiting outside the NICU and then wheeled his mate back to his room.  Dean had no intentions of leaving his mate until everyone could safely come home, so after he got Cas back into bed, he called Alan to get him to bring them up some food.  Sam and Bobby had gone, no doubt to go check on their own mates since Gabe had gone back to the house hours ago to check on Henry.  The pup still woke during the night frightened and in need of consolation from one of his fathers, and Gabe wanted to be at the house when that happened.  They were alone and Dean felt it was time to apologize to his mate but Cas was already talking.
“Alright.  It’s ok if it is.  Your bedroom and all the rooms in the house are both scent proof and soundproof.  There’s a lock on the door too, so you always feel safe.  There’s no time stamp on being my mate.  And if you decide you never want to, that’s your prerogative.  I’m not a monster Cas, and I’ll never hurt you.  You can wait out your heats in the safety of your room if that’s what you want.  I will never force myself on you against your will.”  He pressed a soft kiss to Cas’ temple and Cas hugged him a little bit tighter.
“I crawled into bed with Claire.” She admitted.
what an Omega is.  They are vital to our society.  Without them the human race would perish, so why is it that we can’t treat them with the respect they deserve?  My first act as mayor would be to restore order in The District.  To establish not only a working police force but to eliminate the need for Omegas living there to have to rely on illegal means such as prostitution just to put food on the table for their children.  We’re establishing workshops and teaching Omegas the skills necessary to take on jobs that will provide them the money necessary to take care of themselves and their families, without having to rely on anyone in order to survive.  My first mission as mayor would be to make The District a place that Omegas do not have to fear living in.  I will make it self-sustaining and a positive addition to the rest of the city.  See, before I started revitalizing The District, it was a blight on the city.  It had the highest crime rate of any other district in the entire city.  Since I began remodeling and bringing businesses into the area, the crime has dropped exponentially.  It is now lower than any other area.  I want to keep this momentum going.  I intend to make The District safe for anyone, Omega or otherwise, to do business there.  It will help to stimulate the economy for the entire state.”
“I’m going to go start dinner.  If you like you can keep me company.”  There was hope in the Alpha’s eyes.  Cas’ eyes flickered towards the bathroom.  He wasn’t going to be able to wait until tonight for a shower.  Slick was slowly starting to leak and it would only be another moment or two before Dean caught the scent.  His heart began to race, filling him with dread over what the Alpha might do if he caught that scent.
“What was he doing in the house?  How did he get in?”  Cas was still trembling, and Dean pushed him back just enough so he could sit down.  Cas was immediately in his lap, wrapping himself around his Alpha.
“Dean, I’m going to give him a mild sedative, we need him to calm down so he doesn’t have a heart attack,” she said as she withdrew a syringe from her pocket.
“Need help getting up here?” he asked.
The attic, however, was never stepped foot in again, not while they were alive, anyway.
“What do you mean I can download more?  More games?”
“Mood swings are already starting.  Word of advice?  Do not deliberately try to rile him while he’s a hormonal mess,”  Gabe said.
“Then let’s go home.”
“Do you have all that you’ll need to care for him?”  Dean hated the idea of the pup being passed around the way he was.
Gabe shook his head.  “That’s not good enough.  He
“Are you leaving?”
Cas was excited.  This was the first time he would get to see any of his siblings in more than twenty years, save for Samandriel and Rachel.  They were still at home when he was thrown from the house.  Rachel and Samandriel were Betas, from what Gabe had told him.  He felt a mixture of excitement and fear.  There was no telling what kind of Alphas Luke and Bartholomew were.  He wanted his mate with him before he came face to face with them.  Both Gabe and Michael could smell the fear on him.
“Are you horny again?”  Dean asked.  Cas blushed and ducked his head, laying it on the Alpha’s shoulder so he didn’t have to look his mate in the eye.
“Do you need me to accompany you?”  Donna asked.  Dean was torn.  He was worried for what could happen to their son if his nurse was not kept close.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“For what?  You did the hard part already, you mated the guy.  And you aren’t going
“You’re sure Alistair can’t get in, right?”  Sam asked as they walked down to the kitchen.”
“Yep, it’s in the dad handbook. Gotta check for monsters in the closet and under the bed.” He winked at his husband before getting down on his hands and knees. He lifted up the edge of the comforter and peeked under the bed. There was nothing there, just as he’d expected, until he took a second look.
“You’re right.  It’s just…I want it to be perfect.  I only ever want one wedding.  I only ever wanted one mate, and that didn’t happen, but I don’t want anyone but Gabe now, and I want the wedding to be perfect.  I just…I love him so much.  It’s as much for him as it is for me.”
“I see, she’s so beautiful.  Looks like you.  Is that our Gabriella?”
“He will.  He already does and will continue to do so.”  Sam smiled at his mate.  He loved Gabe so much and trusted him in a way that he had not thought he’d ever be capable of doing again with anyone but Dean.
“Thank you,”  Sam said.  Gabe offered a small smile.
“Thank you.  You saved me from having to do all of that later by myself.  Go into the nursery and on the top shelf of the armoire is a box.  It contains the outfits we’re going to dress the pups in.  Also, can you grab the blankets Cas made them?  They’re hanging over the railing of each crib,”  Dean asked.
“No, we can watch it right here, on the laptop.”  Dean closed out the store’s tab and pulled up Netflix.  “What are you in the mood for?”
“Get to school.  I’ll see you for dinner, ok?”
“Yeah?” Emma’s eyes lit up. “They won’t try to eat us?”
“Guess our pups are named, then,”  Dean said with a smile.
“Sam, he’s ok though?  He really scared me.”  Ellen looked over towards where Sam and Gabe were greeting their guests.  All of the enthusiasm that Sam had been filled with before the wedding was gone now.  He seemed drained.
Cas loved that idea.  “I hope all goes well with the adoption.  You’ll love Henry, he’s a beautiful child, and so incredibly sweet.  He and I share a birthday too, so he just turned a year.”
“Is this a private jet?”  Cas asked as they settled into their seats.
“Are you craving bacon, sweetheart?”  Dean asked as he got to his feet.
“For putting up with all of this.  I constantly worry that I’m neglecting you, or neglecting our pups.  You always make me feel better though, like I’m important.  I need that more than I ever realized,”  Dean admitted.  Cas brought a hand up and placed his palm gently against his mate’s cheek.
“Just…come on down.  I think you’ll be pleased.”  He watched Dean stand up and stride out of the room.  With a delicious stretch Cas got to his feet and got dressed.  He had two pairs of dress pants and three button down shirts for work, and he chose the nicest of them to put on.  With his shoes and socks on he checked his hair in the bathroom mirror before heading downstairs.
“Right.  But no sightings of him?  No leads?”  Dean asked.  He knew it was wishful thinking but he was still hopeful.
“He’s too young for tea though, isn’t he?”  Cas asked.
“Lay down, babe.”  Dean stood up and as soon as Cas was lying down, he handed Kate to him and scooped Molly up.  He set her on the bed next to her papa.
He walked over to the window and pulled the curtain aside. It was early, the sun having just risen maybe an hour earlier and there were people wandering around the courtyard. There were clearly two different groups and he knew without being told that one was the Omegas. The other consisted of the Alphas, some of which he recognized from the prison. He perked up when he spotted one that was more familiar than the rest. They’d sat together on the bus, but they’d shared a cell too. He wanted to go down and talk to Victor, since he was FBI. Victor would know just how illegal all of this was, which pretty much everyone already knew, but he'd have a better grasp of their
“Oh, wow!  This is so awesome!”  Dean unfolded the blanket and held it up to look at it.  “I love this!”
“He asked me this morning what I wanted for lunch.  I thought chicken might be nice.  I did not expect him to bring me an entire bucket of it though,”  Cas laughed.  He was already full after the potatoes and two pieces of meat.
“Dean?”
“Feels better, eh?”  She asked.
“No, honey, please don’t cry.”  Cas grabbed his mate’s hands and brought them up, placing them on his belly.  “I told you, it’s my honor to bring our pups into this world.  And pain is temporary.  We’re going to have two precious little girls here soon, focus on that.  Please?  For me?”
“I’m a little hungry.”  Cas looked up at him and Dean took the opportunity to kiss the tip of his nose.
“No, baby.  I think you’re gorgeous all the time, but even more so when you’re carrying my pups.  You know I don’t lie to you.  You’d bite me if I did.”  Dean rubbed gently at his mate’s belly.  Cas laughed.
Sam is a bundle of raw nerves in the days leading up to his wedding, and neither Cas nor Gabe can soothe him.  His brother takes him out for lunch one afternoon and finds the right words to help his brother relax.
“We found that it’s easier if we just have the photographers come here.  Home turf for the kids, and with Aidan’s health issues, it’s just safer.  He hasn’t caught any viruses so far, but it’s only a matter of time, especially with Ellie and Molly in school, and the doctor says a respiratory infection would almost certainly put him back in the hospital.  We’re still trying to boost his immune system.  It’s a big reason why we’re going back to pack lands this weekend.  We’re hoping the elders will have some advice on how to best help him.  Traditional medicine is full of drugs, chemicals and preservatives.  I want to see if there are some better, more natural alternatives,”  Cas explained.
Cas’ head shot up in alarm.  “There are bears here?”
“I do.  Just a little.”  Cas accepted the new bowl Gabe offered and spooned some of the fruit into it.  Gabe held out a bottle of honey and Cas poured a little over the fruit.  His first bite made him groan, it tasted so delicious.
“Not with the spray they won’t.” He tried to sound confident and he was hoping his husband would back him up.
“They could be in there making out.  I don’t want to see my brother with someone’s tongue jammed down his throat,”  Dean laughed as he pulled up the cameras.  A quick view told him the upstairs hall and all of the downstairs rooms were empty, save for the dogs.  Just for good measure he checked around the perimeter.  Aside from security staff doing patrols, everything was peaceful and quiet.  He wasn’t ready yet for Cas to know they’d lost a dog tonight.
“You’re right.  Like anyone, he deserves to be loved and cherished by his mate.  I despise people that just use others for their own personal gain.  I can sympathize with him to a point.  I spent ages with my ex.  She refused to let me claim her though.  Should have known she didn’t love me.  She was using me to support her lifestyle.  I was totally and completely in love with her but she was spending my money like it was water and screwing other guys.  I wasn’t surprised when she disappeared, but it still stung.  And I miss my son terribly.  I haven’t gotten to see him in over three years.”  Gabe was losing himself in the memory of his son when the timer on the oven dinged.  He shook his head and pulled the two trays of muffins out.
“Sweetheart?  Is it time?”  Were the first words out of her mouth.  Dean gave a strained laugh.
“Not until today.  I got an alert earlier that someone was lurking around the property so I came home.  I was making him lunch when the alert went off again.”
Cas touched the Beta’s knee.  “Thank you.  You didn’t have to protect me like that.”
“Can it wait til we land?”  Dean asked.
“It’s my pleasure to help.  Tell your parents that Dean and I say hello.  You have a wonderful evening, Robby.”  Cas smiled at the boy.
Dean:  Do you trust him?
Emma dropped her eyes, her expression one of guilt. “I didn’t know, Daddy, I thought they were just pretty rocks. I found some in my room and put them in my dollhouse.”
“We’re a pack.  We’re all supposed to help with the pups.  Besides, it gives me practice for our own.”  Sam nodded towards Gabe who had already put Ellie back to bed and come back to get Molly.
“I’m sorry hon.” He told her.
“You’re nothing of the sort.”
Dean followed closely behind the ambulance, not letting it out of his sight.  Alistair still had not been caught, and he had no idea where the bastard was lurking.  He could pop up anywhere, and there was no way he was letting the freak anywhere near his mate or his brother ever again.  When he reached the hospital, he watched the ambulance pull into one of the bays and he drove past, finding a parking spot near the doors and grabbing Cas’ phone, he hurried inside.
Dean let go of his son’s hand when Jack refused to move past the dresser and walked the rest of the way over to the bed.
“What happened?”
Jude cocked his head in confusion.  “How do they know he’s a Beta?”
“This one is for Ellie and Molly, since I didn’t get to buy them anything when they were born.  They should be interchangeable, and I got them bigger too, just in case.  Jude says sometimes, just because something is marked twelve months, doesn’t mean it will fit a one-year-old, and I figured that the girls are probably closer to a year and a half now, so just to be safe, I went with 2T,”  Alfie explained as Cas opened the box.
“Oh my God!” He looked over at the closet in horror just as Dean worked the hidden door free.
“She’s hungry,” he said.
“Would it be ok if I locked the door?”
“Everyone is healthy?”  Gabe knew his brother’s concern regarding the smallest pup.  It still wasn’t growing as well or as fast as the others.
“Mayor Winchester-”
“You got it!”  Gabe called back from the kitchen.  Dean closed the door and went to his mate, kneeling in front of him.
“Ok, I’ll order from a place I know I can trust if you want to go and pick it up.  I’m kind of wary of having anyone come here.  We don’t want to endanger you either.”  Dean sat down on the couch and began rifling through the bags until he found the blue sweater.  He smiled as he held it up.
Sam turned to look at Mordecai and the other elders.  They were watching him with patient understanding.  They knew the burden of calling for the death of another, and that he would have to bear the knowledge that he was responsible for another man’s death for the rest of his life.  This was pack law.  Even if he said no, Mordecai and the elders could still decide to execute him.
“I think they missed you too.”  Cas said with a laugh.
“These are your pups?”
“Fuck Cas, I want you so bad…,” he growled as he tugged at Cas’ shirt.
It was twenty minutes later when security was letting Ellen and Jo into the house.  They headed straight up to the nursery.
“Hey there my sweet girls.”  Cas laughed as the puppies whined and pushed their way into his arms, both trying to lick his face at the same time.  He nuzzled each of them before looking up to see a large blonde wolf and an even larger nearly black one frolicking a few feet away.
“I don’t know.  I think that it’s a possibility.”
“Oh shit!”  He gasped as he sat back up.
“Fuuuuuck!”  Cas growled as he bore down.  “This one hurts!”
“I happen to have both,” Cas stepped closer as they entered the building and started for the stairs. “Would you like some company? Watching scary movies is always more fun when you have someone to enjoy them with. I could come by in say...thirty minutes? Will Emma be in bed by then?”
“Hey, uh, can we talk for a minute?”
Sam held up a hand.  “One question at a time.”
“So, the reason I came by was I brought you something, it’s to help you when you do have to get up and move about.”  She picked up a bag Cas hadn’t seen her bring in and set on the floor next to the bed.
“It was in the trunk already. I put it out there a few weeks ago.  Someone will grab it later,”  Dean replied.
“Yeah?”
“Security.  The man I have managing this shop can be rather volatile and he has a nasty temper.  My guys here will prevent him from doing something really stupid,”  Dean replied.
“I’m so sorry,” Charlie’s eyes shimmered with tears and he got the impression that she had lost someone close to her as well.
Reeva smiled up at him and he could see the pride in her eyes.
“Yeah, I’m thrilled.  Two princesses,”  Dean beamed happily.
Cas growled and there was a momentary flash of gold in his eyes.  Dean could feel his anger.
Setting the condoms aside, Gabe popped the top on the lube and poured some over his fingers.  He smirked when he caught the scent of cherries. Though he was shorter, Gabe wasn’t letting that stop him one bit.  His lips found their way back to Sam’s chest and down his stomach as he nudged the Beta’s legs open and with one slick finger began circling the man’s rim.
“What hourly rate was established?”  Cas had put an Omega named Ciara in charge of the daycare center.  He’d left her to determine the costs.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Again Dean nodded.  “Yep.  Except they’re both idiots, as you’ll soon see.”
Dean pulled the ladder closer and went up to inspect the area opposite the hinges. He felt along the ceiling and realized he was touching a well-painted-over spot where a latch had once existed. A little further down he pressed in and found a spot where the pull rope should have been. That too had been painted over so well that it would have very easily gone unnoticed. “That’s really weird.”
“Yes?”
“Show me,”  Mordecai demanded.  Sam flinched at the order, but he was quick to obey.  He stood up and undid the robes.  Gabe stood up to help him out of them, and then Sam was pulling the linen tunic over his head.
“Did you have fun?”  He asked, matching her excitement and making her smile brightly.
After a quick change, Sam switched out the handmade blankets for simple receiving blankets and wrapped each pup up securely.  They both settled back down and fell back asleep.
“Take it easy yourself.  He’s going to need you after this.”  The doctor gave a nod before leaving the room.  Dean’s legs suddenly felt like jelly, and he dropped back into the seat next to Gabe.
“How old are the girls now?”  Abby asked as she leaned down to look at the pups, who were sitting in their double stroller, staring up at her with wide, innocent eyes.
“We’re so glad you could come this fast. Come on, I’ll show you.” He motioned for her to follow him into Jack’s room since it was the closest. She had a duffle bag that she set on the bed as she crouched down to examine the scratches.
“You are a good man, Dean Winchester.”
“Dean…”
“Shit,” Cas sighed, annoyed that he couldn’t keep working to get this strange door open. “Let’s go finish the pumpkin rolls.”
“He’s having trouble breathing.  We need to get him on oxygen,”  Doctor Sanders replied as she hurried the pup over to the incubator.  Gabe followed her over with his phone and snapped pics of the pup as she checked him over and they got him set up with a nasal cannula.  He finally cried, and it was music to everyone’s ears.  Cas sobbed with relief and leaned heavily back on his mate.
“Here she is.”  Tess clamped the umbilical cord and handed the pup to Ellen who held her as Tess clipped the cord.  Once the pup was freed Ellen wrapped her up in the towel and rubbed vigorously.
“He’s the pup whisperer.”  Dean’s joke was weak, but he was too exhausted to really give a crap.  He was so desperate for sleep.
“About time you did that. I know Charlie doesn’t date much because she doesn’t have the time to, and you need to take time for your mate and your growing family, so it makes sense to hire on more people.  I’m sure Charlie will be extremely grateful.”  Sam said.
“I want to, because I’m proud.”  He placed a hand over Cas’ belly.  His need to protect his mate was intense.
“Yes, he did.  He…took Sam as a mate several years ago, and then tortured him and nearly killed him.  He did terrible, awful things to Sam, and it took a very long time for my brother to be able to trust any other Alpha besides myself.  He is not supposed to be here, but he is.  We had no idea that he was the brother to Sam’s new mate,”  Dean explained.  Mordecai looked over at Luke, who was being wrestled to the ground by two of the security staff.  Blood had been spilled; they could both smell it.
“What happened to Azazel?”  Sam asked.  Dean frowned and shook his head.
“You’re not ever going to worry about food again.  I’m not going to force myself on you, I’m not that type of Alpha, but I’ll take care of you, even if you don’t take me as your mate.  I promise.”
“I’ll go get some tissue for her nose,” Dean said as he got back up. “You girls place nice, ok? And be careful so you don’t bump or scratch each other.”
Cas hurried to undo his mate’s shorts and as Dean stood up, he pulled them down his legs.  He barely got them off before his Alpha was dropping to all fours in full wolf form.  The Omega gasped and looked up at the enormous wolf before him.
“And this time I mean it.  Can we get them off to at least kindergarten before we have another one?  Any more toddlers running around and I might lose my mind!”
Dean let out a sigh of relief.  A moment later his mate was wrapping his arms around him and burying his nose against his neck.
I do hope you enjoyed this chapter.  Leave a comment, let me know what you think about it.  I am off to go grocery shopping now...
“Oh, they’re linked.  Lilith, I know that name.  I’ve seen her in The District.  She has…recruited for Alistair.  Crowley, he’s bad news too, but he doesn’t like it in The District, so he stays out. Instead, he’s a name I’ve heard mentioned, but never actually have seen him. But I hear he’s trouble. Distributes the drugs that Ruby sells,” Cas said.
“Sure.”
“I can take him.  It’s not a problem.  I have Felix and Mel outside still.”
“They’re saying the village is under attack!  There’s a nomadic pack traveling through the area and that they’re responsible for killing Mercurion.  Everyone is being called except those of us with pups.  Mordecai said I had to stay here.  Dean, I’m scared!”
Cas shook his head.  He accepted the sandwich as Dean slid the plate over to him.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Dean shrugged.  “If I ever ate raw, it was when I was really little, so I don’t remember.  I do know that I like my steaks damn close to rare as it is.  Always have.”
“It’s ok, honey.”  Dean looked up at Cassie, who was sitting at a desk in the corner jotting things down on a medical record form.
“I would love to carry your pup, Dean, you know that.  Whether it’s now or at some further point in time is not the issue, but I need to know that if that happens, it will be safe.”
Cas quickly shook his head.  “No, absolutely not.  I can handle the pressure from the media.  I’m stronger than people give me credit for.  We need to do this.  I want the world to be safe for Omegas.  I don’t ever want to worry that our girls are out somewhere and some Alpha thinks he has the right to force one of them into submission.  Laws need to change, and they need to be upheld.”
“I have classes this morning, so you will be alone for a while,”  Sam said.
Cas tensed in his arms, too embarrassed to look up.
“I am so taking you on a vacation this summer once school has ended,”  Dean chuckled.  Cas turned to look at him, a huge smile on his face.
“Cas!”  A dark haired girl that had lived one floor up from him came running over to hug him.
“No, Daddy, we were playing and it was an accident, I didn’t mean to hit her. And I’m not an asshole!”
“Sounds good to me.”
Dean showed him all the little booties and socks they had bought and told him about his idea for the growth chart and Cas’ idea for the family tree.
Dean’s stomach lurched as he struggled against what Cas was implying. It was impossible, there was no way he was actually dead…
“Dean, you with me?”  Cassie waved a hand in front of his face.
Or worse if they didn’t take the hint.
“Well, what did it say?”  Cas asked.  Dean chewed on his lower lip as he debated whether to tell his mate everything it had said.  Cas seemed to realize he was contemplating holding back information or actually lying, knowing how much he hated liars.  He crossed his arms and glared at his mate, his blue eyes turning icy.
“Darling, you are the most important person in the world to me, excluding our children of course.  You’re a busy man, and I understand that.  I am proud of you and I know that in the moments when I do feel overwhelmed, you are here to help me.  I think we’re doing alright, and that as long as Aidan continues to get stronger, we’ll continue to be alright.  But you are right, we do need to show our city that we are not only a team, but that everyone that lives here and votes for you…and even the ones that didn’t vote for you, they too are our family.  So we’ll put on our best smiles and we’ll go out and talk to them.  Go ahead and call Abby, tell her we’re ready for that conference.”
“This would make a lovely bed and breakfast, but considering the area?  I don’t think it would do very well,”  Cas said.  Gabe nodded in agreement.
Dean’s jaw clenched several times as he tried not to get so angry that it would affect his mate.  He didn’t want to stress Cas out and make the man come looking for him.
“I like it.  And I bet you could get it fixed, repaired.  This is something that connects you and your brother.  No one has the right to take that away from you.”  Gabe placed his hand over it.
was the one that did
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
Enjoy the chapter.
“I just want to know what your intentions towards my brother are.  Do you like him? Like as for a potential mate?”  Dean asked.
“I would love to stay in here, but I can feel it about to start again, and unfortunately it’s rather messy.  Can I take the heating pad with me?  It’s helping.”
Dean grinned and leaned down to lift her up.  He nuzzled against her cheek and she giggled.
“I’ll be back tomorrow night, ok?”
“Ellen said something that made a lot of sense.  She said we have to stick together, be a team, or Alistair will pick us apart and destroy us.  I let my own guilt and anger at myself take over earlier.  I shouldn’t have pushed you away like that.  I didn’t feel that I deserved your comfort.  It didn’t dawn on me that by doing that I was hurting you in the process.  I’m just so used to taking care of myself that I forgot I needed to take care of you, too.  I apologize for that.  I love you, Dean.  You are an amazing Alpha, and I really
“Yeah?”
“I-this has never happened before!”
“I’m going to call Ellen, ask her to come and help,”  Cas said.
This time, with everyone in tow, security included, they returned to the village.  It was not even noon and already Dean was exhausted.  Cas could feel his mate’s exhaustion and once they were settled in at one of the few empty dwellings, he moved to soothe his Alpha.  When Dean sat down after checking the pack and plays again and setting them up, Cas went behind the chair and began massaging his mate’s shoulders.
“Can I take a picture of this guy and text it to him?” he asked.  She looked at the guy in the car for a moment before nodding.
“I would like for maybe, at least once…for you to, um, be inside…me?”  Dean cringed, waiting for the horrified shock to hit.
Dean:  Let me know as soon as you leave, ok?
“Whoa, calm down there, he’s not getting near your Omega.  And since when did your eyes start glowing red?” she asked.
“I now pronounce them husbands!  You may kiss.”
“Go, don’t let that man get in that apartment!”  She commanded.  Cas watched the men run into his building.  She lowered the phone and looked back up at Cas.
As he dressed his sleeping daughter in a clean pull-up and pajamas he thought about how the night had gone so far. She’d been so insistent on wearing the mask but everyone that had seen her in her full costume had said she was adorable and unique. So maybe Ghostface hadn’t been such a bad thing after all.
“Dean?  Is everything alright?  You don’t sound good.”
“He’s on his way.  I’ll get the machine ready.”  He turned his head enough that he could see past his belly to where she was plugging in the ultrasound machine.  As she was grabbing a bottle of conductivity gel and a towel, Dean walked in.  Cas chuckled at the look of excitement on his mate’s face.
When Cas was completely naked, Dean scooped him up and carried him into the bathroom.  Once he had Cas sitting in the water he pulled his own clothes off and slid in behind his mate.  Cas sighed and leaned back, closing his eyes and letting Dean wash his hair and body.  The next time he opened his eyes he gasped at the sight of the water.  It was tinged pink.
“Cas, are you saying you saw fae? Or a demon?” Dean asked. His husband’s gaze became sharp as it fell on him and a frown marred his otherwise perfect mouth. He hated upsetting Cas but if the man said he saw something, then he believed him.
I do hope you enjoy the chapter....
“That does sound good.  You got it, babe.  I’ll bring up some fruit and milk too.”  Dean said before heading down to the kitchen.  He opened the fridge door and started pulling out the things he would need.
pups. Cas was perfect. Their pups were perfect. Even now as Cas hummed softly to himself as he filled bottle after bottle, Dean felt content and happy, and he felt proud.
“My eyes?”
“You may sit down,”  Mordecai told him.  Sam pulled his tunic back over his head as he returned to his mate.  Gabe helped him back into the robes and guided him back onto his stool.
“I am so used to just suffering through the cramps.  This is nice.”
“Wow,” Cas looked again at the markers. “You think he was really a witch?” Dean shrugged.
Cas turned to see another teacher, Meg, climbing the stairs.  She was looking back towards the Impala with interest.
They all looked up to see Ginny right there. She didn’t look at them as she mopped an imaginary spill by their table.
“It is but you have to eat first.  Gabe is making us all breakfast,”  Dean replied.
to meet them!”
“Oh, shut up.”  Cas laughed but Dean knew he was annoyed.  He scooted closer and risking his Omega’s ire, he placed a hand over the swell of his belly.
“The details of that were not shared with us either.”
“No, some flavors are downright gross, but there are some really good ones.”  Gabe said.  Sam was slowly spooning what looked like a chocolate shake into his mouth.
“He harmed a member of our pack.  He is subject to the rules now that he is on our land,”  Mordecai said.  Dean’s eyes widened.  He knew what that meant.  He also knew that he had no say as to what Mordecai chose to do with Luke.
(See the end of the chapter for
Abby frowned.  “I hadn’t realized there were complications at birth.  Is he still having issues?”
“Yeah, I know, but I’m always so scared I’ll get someone hurt, or worse. I move faster when I’m alone but this time...it was intense and I was scared. I thought they were going to capture me and torture me, maybe force me into those zombie games they do. I had to do everything possible to ditch them, but I also wanted to make sure they couldn’t follow me back. The people here, they need to feel safe and the people I ran from? They would rip that from them in a heartbeat. We have women and children here, I won’t let anyone hurt them, and I won’t let them hurt you,”
So yes, Luke lives, but as I'm sure you all can figure out, the forest pack does
Dean went to the kitchen where Sam was sitting at the kitchen table with his laptop.  He looked up, grimacing when his brother walked in.
The door opened and a woman with caramel skin and a warm, friendly smile walked in.  Her salt and pepper hair was pulled up in a neat bun. She smiled wider when she spotted Dean.
“Oh, really?”  Cas was mildly surprised by his mate’s request, but he certainly wasn’t horrified.  If anything he was maybe a bit curious.  Dean was looking up with green eyes full of worry.  The Omega smiled reassuringly.
“Bring the machine back, do another one.  I want my mate to have peace of mind,”  Dean said firmly.  Doctor Sanders looked at Tess who nodded and quietly left the room.  Cas was struggling to stay awake.
So at this point you all are probably dying for some smut.  Well, you'll be glad to know it's coming next chapter.  Can't rush these things for poor, frightened Cas!
“Two girls.  We have two girls, Cas!”  Dean sobbed.
“I love you Dean!  He couldn’t possible love you!”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Cas grabbed his coat and they headed out into the cold night air. Just in case, Dean had brought a throw blanket that he wore slung over one shoulder should Emma get too cold and he had to carry her back. They took her around from one business to the next, stopping in between to go see Sam.
“How do you think it will affect you having so many pups if you win the election?”
They were still sitting on the couch when Gabe walked in the front door.  He immediately reset the alarm.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“I’m about halfway through the tool inventory.  Bobby is working on equipment.  I called to Garth in Tulsa, and they are about three quarters finished.  I’m making calls to all of the shops.  I had to get on Phil in Hannibal.  They are short staffed after two of their Omegas were attacked, so they’re scrambling to get in some new hires, but he’s starting the inventory.  By the end of tomorrow we should have reports in from everyone,” she told him.
Kate began to fuss, so Dean motioned for Alfie to help him and Cas into the den.  Once there, Cas settled Aidan in one of the swings and accepted Kate.  He tossed a throw blanket over the pup before he started feeding her, and Alfie backtracked to the kitchen to get the bags he had brought.
“No more,” he groaned.
“Is it safe for me to go over and see if she’s home?”  Cas asked.
Reeva laughed and pointed towards the treeline at the back of the village.
“Hello, Gabriel,”  Cas replied softly.
“I might get bossy.  Don’t be afraid to put me in my place though.”  Dean was kissing his way down Cas’ neck and making the man moan again.
“Oh, I was just worrying again about Dahlia, and she’s not even here yet.  I was thinking if she contracts anything, the deductible is ridiculous, and that got me thinking about Jude’s delivery.  Out of pocket I have to come up with a little more than three thousand, and that’s counting on there not being any complications.  It’d be closer to ten if he needs a C-section.”
“Well after birthing two pups it’s no wonder!”  Ellen laughed.  “I’ll go make you something to eat.  Sam!  Get your butt in here and help your brother!”
“I bet Reeva fixed them up.  They have all sorts of natural remedies to fix pups up.  They’re almost never sick here,”  Ellen said.
“Please, it would be much appreciated,” she said, smiling up at him.
“Wow.  He really does love you.  What did you say?”  Dean asked as he moved the bacon to the plate.
It had been three weeks since the wedding, and Sam was still in the hospital undergoing extensive therapy.  He was back on an anti-depressant and they had upped his anxiety meds, but he was doing much better than he had been right after the trial.  Gabe went to see him every single day.  Being without his mate was painful enough, but to not see him at all would have been excruciating.  Dean and Cas went up frequently, and in the afternoons, when he had the time, Cas would take the girls up to see their uncle.  They always brought him joy and happiness, and he was glad for that.
“H-how is Sam?  Is he well?”  Luke asked.
“Who’s Uncle Gabe’s precious little cupcake?”  He cooed to the pup as he wiped jelly from her forehead.  She squealed excitedly and bounced up and down.
When the conference was over, they made the drive to The Roadhouse for lunch.  People came over to introduce themselves and ask questions of their own, but mostly they wanted to congratulate them on their new pups and to let Dean know he had their vote.  The primaries had been promising.  He had won by a landslide over his other Omega rights running mate, but now that it was down to him and Dick Roman, an Alpha that absolutely did not share Dean’s views towards Omegas and Betas, the race was closer.  Dick was promising to keep things exactly the same, and to halt changes in The District.  It was an empty promise since regardless of who won, Dean would continue to improve the area.  Even if he didn’t have the mayor’s backing, he had the governor’s and now both senators.  He didn’t need Dick Roman’s approval when he could go right over the jerk’s head.  The easiest way to circumvent the man whose name most definitely suited him was to win.  Right now he was pulling ahead.  He just needed to maintain his current rating.
“I’m going to go make some soup for Cas and a sandwich for you, Dean.  Did you want one too, Tess?” he asked.
“Bastard tried to forcibly rape me last week.  I just barely escaped him.  He’s the one that trashed my car,"  he told her.
“I refused to claim him tonight.  I told him I want to wait until his heat is over.”
"Oh, I own an auto shop. I inherited it from my father and I was balancing work with college. I'm working on my doctorate in history. I want to work at one of the museums. Well, I
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Uh, I’ll wait til you’re gone and put them in the sink.”
He hugged his arms around his knees and sobbed harder.  He was a failure, just as his father had told him he would be.  Between his crying and hitched breaths he didn’t hear the door open.  When something warm touched his face he started, gasping and shooting his head up to see Cas kneeling in front of him.
“Have fun,”  Dean said.  Gabe gave a wave as he disappeared from the kitchen.
They drove to a mall in the suburbs on the outskirts of the city and Dean took his Omega’s arm, threading it through his own as he led him into the building.  Cas stuck close, his eyes darting around the massive hall at everyone that passed them.
“What’s her name?  And what gas station and where?”  He inquired.
Cas looked up at him, his eyes still wide and fearful.  “What do you mean it’s not mine?  If not mine, whose is it?”
Halloween.
“Molly!  Ellie!  Get over here, now!”  he barked.  The two pups looked up at him and then at Cas.
“I’ll go over there once these pups are here, make sure no one’s giving her a hard time without their daddy and papa there,”  Ellen assured him.  Dean smiled and nodded.
She patted his arm, giving it a gentle squeeze before she stood back up.
Mordecai gestured towards Giselle who was setting bowls out on the table.  She smiled and Dean approached her, waiting for her to turn and fully face him.  He bowed his head in submission and when she offered a hand, he kissed it gently.
“One.”
Sam scratched at his arm.  “…Today?”
“Your tea is ready.  Think you can stomach it?”  Dean walked into the bedroom from where he’d been prepping the tea in the bathroom and sat down on the edge of the bed next to Cas.  After a sudden bout of extreme nausea and throwing up dinner all over himself earlier, the nausea pill seemed to be working.  The Omega set down his knitting needles and smiled at his mate.
“Those aren’t filling, and they’re certainly not nutritious.  Let me take you out for a proper meal.  I sort of didn’t get to eat dinner tonight either.”
“If your brother just found him, where was he all this time?”
“No, Gabe is your mate and he is here to help you.”  Dean maintained his firm tone and Sam looked up at him for a moment before looking at Gabe.
Dean frowned and reached across the table to take Cas’ hand.  “I’m never going to force you to do anything you don’t want to do.  If teaching makes you happy then I want you to teach.  Do you still have student loans?  I can’t imagine an Omega school pays very well.  I’m impressed that you had the tenacity to go after and obtain your degree.  I never got past high school myself.”
“I did, but I had to out maneuver two jumpers just to reach the pharmacy doors. I got her two of the two packs. That should last her a while.”
“Looking forward to it.” He replied honestly.
“And if your mate calls for his execution?”
“She’s already asleep. I just have to put her in her pajamas and get her into bed. Thirty minutes works perfectly.”
The morning of the wedding the Winchester house errupts in chaos.  The twins are running feveres, there's vomit and diarrhea, and Dean learns the hard way that he does
“Ready?”  Dean asked, getting to his feet.  Cas stood up and nodded.  He followed the Alpha out of the kitchen and through the house to the front door.
Since their decision to wait after their last pups were born, Dean had been investing in condoms.  They had a very active sex life but since he seemed to have the most fertile mate on the planet who was always up for sex no matter where they were, he had learned to carry a few with him at all times.  He went to his bag which was sitting under the window and found them in the side pocket.  He grabbed a couple and hurried back to his mate.  Now he had to decide, did he want his mate to present, or did he want to knot him while Cas was still on his back.  He decided to knot him on his back so he could continue to play with his mate’s breasts while they waited for his knot to go down.  Cas watched him rip open the wrapper and stroke himself a few times before sliding the condom on.  Dean grabbed his mate’s legs and put them over his shoulders as he slowly eased his way in.  Cas grabbed onto the blankets as Dean began to move, and he did his best to stay quiet.  He couldn’t do anything about the pheromones they were stinking the loft up with, but they could take the risk and open the window to air it out so it wasn’t unbearable come morning.  As Dean’s thrusts grew faster Cas reached up to him, wanting his mate close when he finally came.  Dean let Cas’ legs slide down and then he was leaning over his Omega, kissing him deeply as his hips snapped forward faster and faster.  It wasn’t long before his knot started to catch.  Cas wrapped his legs around Dean’s back and thrust his hips up just as Dean pushed in one last time, locking himself deep inside his mate.  Cas whimpered and nuzzled at the mating bite on Dean’s shoulder, earning a growl from his Alpha.
“Why not?” Dean’s anger flared. “I need to call him!”
“She’s dead.”  He said softly.
“Braxton Hicks.  They’re not always bothersome, but combined with kicking pups they can be.”  Cas tried to adjust the pillows again but Dean reached over to do it for him.  Once he was settled back comfortably Dean placed a hand on his belly, counting out the time between the contractions.  After a half hour they finally seemed to calm down.
“Where did you meet your true mate?  I know you’ve been searching for like, forever,"  she asked.
The ride to the restaurant was spent with Dean asking Cas about his day, and about the subjects he taught.  Cas was happy to talk about his work but he wanted to know how Dean’s day was too.  Dean gave him a quick synopsis of the plumber and his estimate.  When they arrived at the restaurant Dean parked the car and go out, coming around to open the door for Cas.
“Sure, he’s right here.  We were just eating breakfast.”  Sam replied.  “Hold on, I’ll put him on the phone.”  He handed the phone to Dean.  “It’s Jody.”
“Do you know what you’re having yet?” she asked.  Cas smiled and rubbed his belly.  It was getting bigger every day.  Last night he had felt fluttering, and when he had tried to get Dean to feel it, they both had realized it was still too light.  Another month or so and Dean would feel their pups kicking.
“Cas?”  He called out.
“I’m going over to his place Saturday.  I think…”  Sam ran his fingers through his hair and sighed.  “I think I’m going to do it.  Let him claim me.”
.”  Gabe looked away in embarrassment, but Sam twisted underneath him to reach into the drawer he’d tossed the condoms in, fishing out both the box of condoms and the bottle of lube he normally kept in there.  Gabe’s eyebrows shot up in surprise, but he accepted both items as they were shoved into his hands.
“Ah!  Oh God that feels good!”  Cas cried.
Cas was so happy and excited that it made both Dean and Sam smile.  They both felt that he should always feel that way. Sam left them to go and unpack his own stuff and Dean led his mate to their room to show him the furniture they had agreed on for their room.  Cas loved it and immediately went about unpacking their things.  Dean took the pup’s bags and put them in the nursery closet. Once they had all the furniture in that room they would unpack and get things ready.  They had time though.
Cas smiled warmly at his mate, thankful yet again that this man was his true mate.  When he looked again at Gabe his expression turned contemplative.
piss them off. They are the head of the guards and they are the most unpleasant people here. The guards themselves are just sort of...there. They’re armed and they’re mostly alert, but you can pretty much tell which ones have checked out for the moment. I think a couple of them are sympathetic too. I sweet-talked one a few days ago, just to see what I could learn. She said they’re
Dean looked down at his sleeping mate.  The man was completely calm for the moment.
“Police and ambulance are there now,”  Cas told him.  Dean pressed harder on the gas.
With that she left the room, dropping the chart in the slot on the door before she shut it.  Dean guided Cas over to the chairs in the corner and they say down together.
“Yes, if you wouldn’t mind.”
“That is what he heard.  That you don’t want him to birth any more of your pups.  You have to be careful how you word things when he’s in this state.  When he wakes up, you better make darn sure he knows how much you love and want him.  Do you want more pups?” she asked.
“We’re putting in a bid tomorrow.  Fingers crossed we get it.”
“I’m not going to hurt you.  Dean’s not going to hurt you.  But…we should get rid of that scent.”
“This political stuff is a nightmare.  How do people make lifelong careers out of it?”  Dean muttered.
“I’m sorry Cas.  I wish I found you earlier.”  There was so much remorse in Dean’s voice that it broke Cas’ heart.  He took the Alpha’s hand and squeezed it gently.
“Can we just talk for a minute?  Dean and I, we don’t um, have too many secrets, though there’s stuff that goes on between you guys that I just have no desire to know anything about.  So I don’t want you thinking he’s like going to give me details on your sex life or anything.  He’s actually really private so he wouldn’t even if I asked, which I would never do,”  Sam was babbling and Cas was trying to figure out exactly what he was attempting to get at.
Cas doubled over as the cramps began.
“I will,”  Sam said.
Sam had been busy dressing in his robes but when he came out from behind a partition meant for dressing, he was introduced to Michael.  Dean gave Cas his robes to go and put on, and Michael went to find his seat.  Dean turned his attention back to his brother who was fussing as Ellen tried to adjust the rope that was cinching his robes shut.
“I was actually trying not to picture it at all.”  She shook her head and laughed.
Dean looked at his brother who shrugged and then winced.  He was pretty sure Sam had a broken collarbone, too.
“I’ve never eaten anywhere that required reservations.”  Cas confessed.  His nervousness must have been apparent because Dean reached over to take his hand, offering him a warm smile.
Dean knew it didn’t matter who the man was, so he let the subject drop.  Instead, he wanted to know more about the tea Cas was drinking his second cup of.
“Skin on skin contact is vital for the healthy development of pups, and for sick pups so they can heal quickly.  You are already soothing her just with your touch and scent.”  Reeva explained.  “I will go and call others to help.”  She set down the bags she had been holding and went outside.  A moment later they heard her howling.  Molly looked up, smiling.  She lifted her head and did her own little howl.  She smiled cheekily up at Alan who grinned back.
Sam smiled.  His brother was happier than he had been in years, and he liked seeing him this way.
“Water, I’m so thirsty.”  Cas replied.
Sam waved him off.  “I
“I have another question?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean really wished he had at least Gabe in there with him at that moment to help him explain things.
“Garlic bread sounds good,”  Sam agreed.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Of course, but Jody wanted you to be aware of what was going on,”  Sam replied.
“Dean?”
“That’s why I texted you earlier.  Something happened.  Lisa bared her teeth and I know the bitch was going to attack him, but he got between us and his eyes turned gold.  Suddenly she just backed down and left.  No blood was drawn, no one got hurt, nothing.  It was weird.  You said it was because he got stronger, but it felt like it was something else.”  Dean waved his hands in the air, unsure how exactly to describe what had happened.  Sam pursed his lips as he considered Dean’s words.
“This dictates how hard of a massage you want, and this dictates the heat of the water.  Oh, and this button here means you can stop the movement so it’s massaging a certain area.”  Dean pointed each button out and a few seconds later Cas was starting it.  He giggled as the massage started at his ankles and began traveling up his body.  He moaned as his calves were massaged, then his thighs.  When he reached his lower back he groaned loudly.
“Sam wants to meet him first.  We’re going down tomorrow so he can meet him.”  Gabe replied.  They were enjoying breakfast with the girls and Ellie was chomping down on her soggy Cheerios while Molly was accepting bites of food from her father.  Dean walked in the room in time to see Ellie turn her cereal bowl over.
“The girls are going to be two in just a few months.  Has it really been that long since I had them?”
“I have to admit, that’s really nice.  I think that would go nice with the crib.  These are already available?”  Dean asked as he looked through some more of the furniture currently for sale.
“No one is going to hurt you, Sam.  I won’t let them.  I promised you that a long time ago, and I will keep that promise.”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Dean could hear the Omega yelling in the background but not what he was yelling about.
“Yes, I want them all,” he replied.
Cas smiled and nodded.  “I do feel better.  I need to nurse my pups though, before I explode.”
“They’re getting really good in these things.”
Cas:  That would be nice Dean.  I will see in a few hours then.
Dean grabbed his mate in a hug and spun him around as he kissed his cheek loudly.  “You are the best mate in the world!”  He cried.  Cas laughed as he was set back down.
The house was silent after that and they assumed Theodore had moved on. They kept the bonds, since it was their house and the nephew hadn’t wanted the trunk. That made it theirs, and by law, the bonds were too. They lived very happily after that and raised two beautiful sons, right there in that very house.
“So tight, baby, you’re so perfect,”  Dean murmured against his skin.  Cas relaxed further, purring now as Dean moved his fingers so that they brushed against his prostate.
“Of course.  Come on, sweetheart.  Let’s get to the hospital.”  Dean put an arm around his husband’s waist and with his free hand, held onto his arm as he guided him back out to the Hummer where Sam and Gabe were both waiting.  Security followed them everywhere, and Alan was busy keeping the media back as Sam got out to help Dean get Cas back into the vehicle.  They drove straight to the hospital where staff was waiting with a wheelchair.
“So, the verdict is four.  I don’t see any others hiding in there.  I guess this will teach you two about heat sex.”  Doctor Sanders teased.  Dean blushed and Cas laughed.
being hungry?  That is a bit alarming,”  Cas admitted.
“Yeah?”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“When I...killed...Alistair, was I going to shift?”  Cas was wondering about that.  He’d heard that his fangs had elongated and his nails had come out, something that had never happened before that day, and hadn’t happened since, though he had felt something changing once when he got really upset a few months back.  It had felt like things were...moving, deep inside his body.
“Come on Cas, in here.”  Sam maneuvered Cas into the bedroom and shut the door.  There was no lock so he pushed the dresser in front of the door and sat down in front of it.  Cas went and knelt down on the other side of the bed.  All Sam could see were his eyes and the top of his head over the mattress.
“Call me what you will, but the fact of the matter is that you are making threats against a member of our pack.  Me.  And regardless of what you “think” about Omegas, we are equal to Alphas.  It is a shame that Father warped your mind the way he did.  Michael, do you agree with Bartholomew?”  Cas turned his gaze on the other Alpha.
Gabe pointed to a cabinet near Sam.  “I infuse my own oils, too.  Grab the one in there labeled garlic.”
“Of course.  I’ll be back in a few minutes.”
“Alright, well, we’re heading out.”  He patted Sam’s shoulder, his hand automatically going back to the blanket he had over his arm.
“Alright. And be careful coming home, make sure he doesn’t follow you,”  Dean said.
Dean stiffened and turned towards the hall leading to the front door.  Quietly he made his way to the front door and cursed under his breath when he saw the alarm was not set.  He punched in the code before pulling the curtain on the door window back and peeking out.
“Cas, honey, you need to get out of here.  It’s not safe.”  Louise pulled Cas’ hands off her face and reached out to grab his shirt.  “Get out, get your mate out,
Dean:  They have awesome ones.  Pick me up few for breakfast tomorrow.  Would you maybe grab me some lunch on your way back and swing by with it?  I’m not going to have the time to stop and get anything.
“Ok.”
“It’s a belly brace.  I will show Dean how to help you into it.  What this will do is help to redistribute your weight so it’s putting less strain on the uterus and the ligaments supporting it.  Dean called me last week to tell me what had happened and to ask what I thought would be best for delivering.  I would wear this if you have to be up and on your feet for any length of time, such as trips to the doctor, or if you need to get up and stretch your legs and want to see your pups playing.  This will help.  Why don’t you stand up for a moment and I’ll show you both how to use it.”
Dean:  See you in a while.
“Children that get put into the foster care system are screened via a blood test so they know where to put them.  Omegas are sent to Omega orphanages because most people don’t want Omega children.  My brother and Gabe have pledged to adopt Omega children.  The whole thing with Henry was that Cas and Gabe were down at the daycare center the night Henry’s mother didn’t come to pick him up.  Gabe was concerned, so I sent my security staff to look for her.”  Dean was busy checking the meat and basting the ribs again as he talked.  “Unfortunately, they found her already dead.”
“How are you doing, sugar?” she asked the Omega.
“Go for it.”
He had been alive for 960 years and there was so much that he had witnessed. Wars, inventions, music, clothing, various species going extinct. He truly missed the dragons, they’d been magnificent beings. He’d had one he’d named Beatrix. She’d been loyal to him until the very end and he’d mourned her death hard. The love humans had for dogs and cats was what vampires had for dragons.
“Sure, kiddo,” He handed her back the mask. “But no grabbing anything else, ok? Daddy had to pay a lot of bills this month and if you want your princess Goodnites you can’t grab anything else.”
“No one saw him or Azazel go into the house last night but a lady across the street said she saw a woman come out of the house, dark hair, but they couldn’t make out her features.  She was seen exiting the house around eleven.  That would have been while you were still at the hospital.”
“Not half as beautiful as you, and she’s gorgeous.”  Dean said as Cas got in.  Once the Omega was seated and looked up at him Dean winked and closed the door.  He went around to the driver’s side door and got in.
“Yes, you’ll learn to manage that in time. It will go from a gnawing hunger to normal hunger. With time and experience that too will fade and then you’ll feel normal again. Well, as normal as someone in our position can be.”
He’d wanted his body to decay naturally, to give back to the earth without leaching toxic liquids back into the earth. It was why he was buried two days after he’d died. A body that wasn’t embalmed broke down much faster. For the sake of Dean’s dignity, it had been a closed casket wake and funeral. He wouldn't have wanted anyone staring at his neck and whatever gross makeup they’d put on it to try and cover it up. No, Sam had always intended to honor his brother’s wishes if Dean happened to be the first to go, regardless of the will. No makeup, no embalming. He liked to think his brother would be happy about that.
“You’ll figure it out.  I want pictures of it all when it’s finished, and when our pup is here, I want pictures of it wrapped up in this.”  Dean sat down on the edge of the bed and picked up the fabric Cas had picked out to make him a blanket with.  It made him smile, and he didn’t care if he looked foolish.  The fact that his mate wanted to do something for him made him feel so incredibly loved.  Cas had set down the blanket and moved onto the bed so that he was able to wrap his arms around his mate from behind.  He kissed the back of Dean’s neck, making him shiver.
“Who are they, Dean?  Why are they here?” he asked as they got out of the car.
“I think perhaps I will see if they have the space to watch the girls for the afternoon while we run around.”  He said suddenly.  Gabe lifted his head and looked at the daycare window.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“You have brought harm to a member of our pack.  While Samuel is not part of the pack that lives here, in the forest, he is still a beloved member.  He deserves respect.  You have broken that.  He deserves to be cared for.  You have broken that.  He deserves to be protected.  You have broken that.  You will now be tried for your crimes.  Do you understand this?” she asked.  When he didn’t answer, the Alpha that had a grip on the back of Luke’s neck extended his claws, digging them into the sensitive skin.  Luke snarled.
“Gabe and me, we’re going to stay in my old room and help out.”  Sam put a hand on Dean’s shoulder and smiled reassuringly.  Dean nodded.
“Thanks. She passed eleven years ago but it still stings, you know?” There was a hint of sadness in Dean’s voice but it was expected.
“Awww…”  She said before giving him a toothy grin.  Dean had been trying to teach the girls empathy and to be careful with Cas, and he couldn’t help but smile back.  When he looked up he saw Dean holding Molly and Tess playing with her.
“My theory is that a virus, perhaps one that was not very common, evolved to survive, in even the harshest of conditions. What’s more harsh than death? There is no magic at play, it’s simply nature...finding a way to survive against all odds. The most interesting thing about this virus is that it opens up certain areas of the brain that allow us to experience things we never could have before we died. Our sense of smell, hearing, taste, they all become heightened over time. Our reaction time quickens, we grow stronger, which is how I was able to pull you out of your grave, and we’re able to do things with our minds that those without the virus could only dream of.
By that point Cas was absolutely miserable.  He could barely move and getting to his feet without assistance, and without his belly brace, was next to impossible.  This particular morning he was cranky.  He’d been having mild contractions for two weeks already, and they were finding it to be more and more of a struggle to keep the pups in as long as they could.  He was at thirty three weeks, a day away from thirty four, but when he woke that morning the contractions were downright painful.  The bed was empty, Dean no doubt downstairs in his office talking to the various staff down at city hall as he gave orders and set up meetings.  Most mornings now Dean was up by six and getting his work done so that by ten, when Cas usually woke up, he already had breakfast ready and could spend the rest of the morning and afternoon doting on the Omega.  Today, though, it was a little after eight and the cramping in his belly was just too much to let him sleep.  He found the intercom button, a nifty device Dean had installed around Cas’ fifth month so he could reach his mate anywhere in the house, and he called down to Dean’s office.
“He told me your pups were born early and that Aidan has breathing problems.  I have seen this before, and even had a few issues with one of my own pups.  My son Namiel was born struggling to breathe.  An elder had been teaching me the different kinds of teas that help with various ailments, and one in particular helped my son’s lungs to heal and grow stronger.  I have made some now.  It will help him.  In a few weeks time he should be much better.”  She went to the counter and poured hot water over the herbs she had dropped into the bottom of a cup.
“I’m feeling alright so far.  I have a bit of my energy back.  They’re just starting to kick now.  It feels like butterflies are fluttering about in my belly.”  Cas smiled as he felt another of those kicks just then.
“Gabe is with them, and he’s not going to leave them.  I also have security watching over them.  They are safe, I promise.”
“Come on, we’ll drop this stuff off in the car and come back in.”  Dean started back the way they had come and they went back out to the car where the Alpha put everything into the spacious trunk.  He set the alarm and took Cas’ hand, leading him back inside.
“You’re right.  I don’t know how our ancestors thought it was perfectly alright to mate in front of the entire pack.”
“Oh, there sure is.  A simple blood test and research of your family name will tell you from which pack you originated.  I actually have a list at home of all the original packs.  There were twelve on this continent in the beginning, but they broke off into smaller packs over time, and then eventually they divided further and began creating the cities.”  She turned to smile at Dean.  “Your pack is actually one of the originals.  They once controlled all of the forests of central North America, from Colorado clear to Kentucky, and from Minnesota to Oklahoma.”
“Listen to me Dean.  That man, he’s so sweet and gentle.  You can’t go rushing in acting like a macho Alpha or you’ll scare him half to death, do you understand me?”  She leveled him with a look that had always scared him as a kid.  He swallowed and nodded.
“Cassie!
Reeva motioned towards the treeline and three people appeared, walking in their direction.
“It didn’t work on you because you’re gay?” Dean laughed. “If that’s what it takes then I don’t have anything to worry about. I’m gay too.”
Cas and Gabe both looked around.
“That would be wonderful.  I want to do nice things for him.  I can make him a million blankets, but I don’t want that to be all that I do for him.  Thank you both,”  Cas told them.
“So it was sealed up at that time,” Cas tapped his chin thoughtfully. “Why would they do that? And why go out of their way to deny that there’s an attic at all when they sold it?”
“I’ll see her out,”  Ellen told them.
“Their pup Aidan is not well.  The pups were born too early and he has trouble breathing.”  Mordecai added.  Giselle’s expression morphed into one of concern.
“Is it still safe if he wants to birth at home?”  Dean asked.
“Don’t be embarrassed.  I’m happy to buy them for you if they make you more comfortable,”  Dean told him.  Cas smiled a little brighter.
“Oh, if I wasn’t strictly into the V I’d be all over you.”  She gave him a cheesy smile that made him laugh.
“Where to?”  Alan asked.
“I am sorry to hear of her passing.  Your mother’s true mate was here, in this pack.  She knew of him, but from what we were told later, she was sold to your father already pregnant with another Alpha’s pup.  Her true mate would not take her, but your father did.”  Giselle passed her empty bowl to one of the girls who hurried to collect everyone else’s.  While she went to the kitchen to wash them, Giselle folded her hands neatly in her lap and looked at both Cas and Dean.  She knew there would be questions.
“My brother and I got them when we were in our twenties.  They’re symbols of protection.  My ex…he didn’t like it.  Got mad once and took a broken beer bottle to it,”  Sam replied.
“You too.”
“It’s a long day.  You sure the girls can handle that?”  Gabe looked over at Molly who was squeezing oatmeal through her fingers and watching it ooze down her hand.
Dean looked over at Alan, who was sitting quietly in the corner reading a book.  The bodyguard looked up at the sound of his name.
“Of course you did, Sasquatch.”
“What about there?  Those clothes look nice.”  Cas pointed at an Old Navy store.
“Oh my! You scared me!” He gasped and clutched at his face. “What are you supposed to be? I didn’t realize Ghostface wore fairy wings.”
Cas sighed and nodded.  “We were being careful.  Apparently we weren’t careful enough.”
Sam is home and eager to spend time with his nieces.  Dean takes Cas to the doctor where they're ready to see how the pregnancy is going, and to see how many pups they have in there.
“No, Dean isn’t like that.  He’s kind and thoughtful.  You’ll see later.”  His voice was confident.
Ginger smoothed her hands down the front of her pants before turning back to face Cas and Dean.  From the pocket of her blazer she withdrew a stack of cards.  The dreaded questions.
“Does he need anything?”  Sam asked.
Gabe shook his head.  “N-no, I don’t think there are any Novaks still in their original forests.  I think it’s a new pack that took over the territory.  We never connected with our origins, not like you did.”
“Charlie is, among other things, a superb computer hacker.  While the tech is outside wandering around like an idiot, she’s actually checking to see if someone has hacked in and is controlling the alarm since it’s connected to computers at the security company,” the Alpha explained.
“I’m here, baby.  It’s ok,”  Dean said softly.  They had cleaned Cas up, but he could still smell the stench of blood on his mate.  He wanted to bring his Omega home and give him a proper bath.
“Dean!”  Cas called out.
Cas thought his heart might burst at hearing that.
Oct 8th: Hunger
Cas had more questions but he decided to save them.  As they watched, Ellie shifted back.  Her little naked body was dusty and dirty but he’d never seen his child happier.  She was still running around playing.  Several other pups had shifted back too.
“Absolutely.  I’ve only driven near it but never stopped to actually admire it, so it’ll be a first for us both.”  Dean reached over and took his mate’s hand.  Just this time alone together felt like a vacation to them both.  If he didn’t have Sam injured and being watched over by an Alpha he didn’t know terribly well, he’d have gone ahead and booked the most romantic hotel room he could find on such short notice and spoil his Omega rotten.
“I’m sorry I did,”  Gabe said dryly.
“So do you think you understand now?  I think you’ll do well on your next exam.  If you need further help, please don’t be afraid to ask.”
“I can smell it too,”  Sam agreed.  He looked up at Gabe who still stood in the doorway, his jaw still dropped.  Suddenly the Alpha shut his mouth and hurried over to the bed.  He came around the other side, so he could be closer to his brother and sniffed the air around him.  Yep, in the last few hours his scent had definitely changed, it was sweeter.  Smelled a bit like his bakery actually.
“Well, let’s bring over anything she could use,"  he said.  Sam nodded.
“Hey, sweet girl.  Are you being good for Uncle Sam?”  Cas smoothed back the girl’s hair.  She looked up at him with large hazel eyes and smiled.  Her little hands patted his belly.
“I agree,”  Rachael said.  She looked at her own mate who nodded.
Cas patted his mate’s hand to let him know he had this question as well.
“I have to be.  I wouldn’t risk your life.”  Dean kissed him quickly before letting go.  Cas turned to Ellen and Bobby, who were talking, and they all took off in the direction of the tents, where Gabe had gone with Sam.  A hand on his shoulder startled Dean.  He turned to see Mordecai standing next to him.  Even as tall as Dean was, Mordecai towered over him.  He was an Alpha in every sense of the word.
“You had your say when you chose to torture your mate.  If the bond were not already severed, we’d have done so this day.  You do not deserve Samuel.”  Mordecai’s gaze locked on Gabe.
Dean carefully pulled Cas up more as Sam handed over the now screaming pup.  It took only a few seconds to latch on, and then she was greedily drinking.  Cas purred contentedly, dozing off as he fed his pup.
Cas pulled nervously at the edge of his worn tee shirt, grimacing as the thin material actually tore.
One day he would ride the offspring of his most beloved pet and the world would cower in fear again at their might. Or at least that’s what his brother Michael liked to say. Personally he planned to ride his where no human eyes could see. Glamours came in very hand sometimes. He looked forward to the rise of the dragons, but they weren’t the only creatures that would one day return.
“Fetch your brother.  Be quick,”  Mordecai said to Dean.
“I’ll cover his medical expenses.  Tell him I said thank you.”
“Tomorrow we will discuss shifting, if that is something you and your mate are still interested in.”  Mordecai said.
Dean sighed.  “Yes.  I tried to take Cas out for a romantic dinner, and she was there.”
“Sixteen,” Dean shook his head in disbelief. “Sixteen and they expect him to take the knot of a forty year old Alpha, get pregnant, and carry a pup to term. Vic is old enough to be his
“It’s the truth.”
Andy nodded, and Cas headed back up to the bedroom.  He went to put on a pair of jeans, but they wouldn’t button.
They exchanged numbers and then parted ways to finish their shopping.  He got everything on the list, plus a few extras.  He hummed the whole car ride home.  For the first time in months, he had a date.
“We have another one.”  Doctor Sanders announced.
“You guys didn’t see anything out here, did you?”  he asked.
“That’s…my brother.”  Gabe was doing the math.  His expression turned to one of absolute rage.  He growled and made to lunge at his brother, but Dean caught him by the arm.
“Oh God, I tore him to shreds? I’m an Omega! How the hell did I overpower an
“When we were kids and wanted a sweet treat Ellen would give us these rather than candy or junk food.  It’s an apple stuffed with cinnamon and sugar.  The sugar caramelizes in the oven, and they’re absolutely delicious.”  Dean dug into his own, glancing over every now and then to see Cas eating his own.  The Omega ate slowly, savoring the flavors, smiling at his mate each time he saw Dean watching him.
Charlie: Well, on the plus side?  You’re giving Cas a chance to put his mark on the house.
“Cas works at an Omega high school right?  And you want to create job skills for the kids, so that they don’t think the only thing they are good for is pumping out pups.  So what if you incorporate a child care course, so the kids are actually caring for pups from the neighborhood.  It would be a low cost daycare that would teach the students invaluable skills and help some of them decide on what career path they want to take.  And, it could perhaps earn them credits towards getting certified to work at the Omega daycare or any daycare.  Then, Cas can work and his pups will be right there in the school with him.  When he goes home for the day, the pups go with him.  I’m sure you could find a teacher qualified to teach the class.  Do it for juniors and seniors, but make it so that they can only take the course if they’re maintaining a B or higher average.  Make them strive to keep their grades up so that they can earn attention from colleges.  Let them see that they have a future and that they are invaluable.”
Cas raised an eyebrow at that.  “Help me how exactly?”
Ellie touched her sister’s cheek.  “Awww….pup pup.”
“Yeah.  I got the new reports from Dennis up in East Chicago.  Do you know Gordon stole more than thirty thousand dollars?  I’ll be passing this along to my lawyer to add to the charges.  Charges were already filed, but he wanted as close to an exact amount as possible.”  Dean patted the seat next to him and Cas sat down.
“Oh, shit.  We need to get a police cleanup in here, get all of this shit out of here and properly destroyed.  I’ll call Jody and see what the proper procedure is for that.”  Dean pulled his phone out and made the call.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean could feel his excitement building.  He loved that idea!
“Is every teacher here an Omega?"  he asked.  Cas looked around at the faces in the room.
“Wow, babe, you look amazing.”  Cas smiled shyly as he smoothed his hands down the front of the tee shirt he was wearing.
“Uh, no.  I just have a paper I need to get finished.  Typing is getting a little easier, but it’s still hard.”  Sam waved his still bandaged fingers around.  The only reason he was able to type at all was because Charlie had installed a talk to text feature on his laptop.
Dean and Cas watched him leave.  Once his bedroom door had closed, Cas let out a heavy sigh.
“I will be here Monday, there’s no question of that.  What time should I be here?”  Alfie asked.
