Hands shaking, he buried his finger in John's shirt, which was the same he had worn the day of their kiss.
WHAT ?!!! No, no, no, no, no! Sherlock couldn’t be serious! John took his gun in hand. It couldn’t be possible, Sherlock wouldn’t, he wouldn’t …. kill himself? Was that what Moriarty was after? Sherlock killing himself in exchange of what? His, Sarah's and the children safety? It was completely mad! He couldn’t do that!
Sherlock wasted no time and put on gloves, so he could have a look at the vehicle. He ignored the victim's wife for now. She had to be the wife, as she was currently being interviewed by Sally Donovan.
John's face went soft with affection and Sherlock saved this particular expression in his mind palace. He would have never left Janine if she had ever looked at their child that way.
Janine always wore her good omega persona, but now that her husband had threatened her plan, she wasn’t afraid to drop the act where Sherlock was involved…
Janine wasn't an evil person, it was just that her priorities didn't lie with her daughter. Sherlock's didn't either, but he was an alpha, not a care taking and loving omega. At least that was what he told you when his guilty conscience got too loud to ignore.
Sherlock hugged him, which was difficult with two children between them. He wiped away a tear on John’s cheek, which was part yoy, part anxiety.
Molly. Poor Molly, he had completely forgotten she was even there. She was obviously fighting to keep her composure, she was shaking but John could feel her firmness in her steady eyes. They would be able to count on her to help. More precisely she would not back off, and would ask to be part of Sarah’s rescue.
Her painted was progressing well, she had drawn Daddy and Papa and herself in Baker Street, the three of them standing aorund a big tree.
John quickly turned around and took Sherlock’s head in his hands to make him bend and kissed him fervently.
“Keep your hands up here, love. And don't you dare scream.” His breath on her neck. He could just bite down.
Talking about Sarah had been curiously easier after. Harry had been a little miffed he hadn’t told her about the forced heat earlier, but she understood his reason. She was sorry such a thing happened to them, John felt unbelievably relieved when his sister didn’t consider him irresponsible or a bad because he wanted to stay with Sherlock and Leanna.
“Thank you! Let me introduce you to Molly. She is Leanna’s nanny and she likes the same author you talk about all the time and that I don’t seem to be able to remember the name” John teased.
Sherlock took John to a quiet park and John was eating his fish and chips while the detective told him what happened with Mrs Hudson, stealing some of John’s chips. It hit him then, how much he loved the man next to him, how happy he was just the two of them, Sherlock talking, John listening…
“Leanna, this is my friend from work, Sarah. She is a doctor like me.” Daddy introduced her a lady with brown hair and a kind smile. She felt really intimidated, she didn’t know why.
“We shared a heat but it was an accident. John has another partner and I am single. I want to keep the baby and John will be there to help me as much as possible. As a friend and future dad. We won’t bond but he and his partner will help me raising the child.” Sarah said frankly and succinctly. But John could see that if she appeared calmed and self-assured, her hands were shaking on her lap.
“Absolutely not, I didn’t know you existed until 10 minutes ago. What did I said… you’re an army doctor, an alpha, used to thinking quickly under stress, and competent I think. The army, easy, you have a photograph of your pack in …Afghanistan I think, you obviously learnt to work on the front lines so you can think quickly under stress. Next, the nurse didn’t question your decision earlier, you assessed the situation without prejudiced and came to the good decision: my daughter needed a doctor. So you see, competent.”
“Hmm, it’s okay, good pay, the colleagues are fine. Very similar to GP work though. Ahhh and I will be able to move in a new flat next week. Baker Street so not too far from work. Very homey. The land lady was a patient of mine. She had fainted on the tube and I helped her. She is diabetic. She had a flat available for rent and well I thought why not! She gives me a special rate and I help her watch her blood sugar rate.”
They had danced at Clara's party almost four months ago. Sherlock always looked back to that moment fondly. It was the first time John had held him, pressed his body to the detective's and Sherlock had wished they had been alone back then, because it had felt so intimate, so.... private, just meant for them and not the random guests at the party.
When John came to his senses again, he tried to roll over, to not crash Sherlock under his weight. But Sherlock refused to let him go.
“Hamish, get out of here. I am sure Harry didn’t invite you here to cause trouble. So just go without fuss for once.” John’s smile was predatory.
John came back to Baker Street smiling. His phone call with Harry had helped to calm the anxiety. She had confirmed she would come with Clara on the 24th and John had only then realized how much he wanted her to come. “And I want to know my niece better, won’t miss it for the world, little brother! We will go to Clara’s family for the New Year’s Eve anyway.” Harry hadn’t been surprised when John had told her about the plans of adopting Leanna soon, and he had felt her smile in her tone when she had congratulated him.
Carefully, Sherlock guided John's hand to his mouth to press a kiss to it, suddenly needing the warm skin and alpha smell closer. He could live with this, but what if he wasn't able to keep this from Leanna? She had a right to see her grandmother, on the other hand that grandmother would stop at nothing to keep the heir of the Holmes family close and possibly away from her rebellious son. She would want to try to manipulate her…
They chattered on during the car ride and it was only when the car stopped that Sarah noticed they were in Baker Street, not in front of her flat.
Sarah was glowing. John wondered if there was something other than the pregnancy that could explain why the omega was radiating happiness… They had become really good friends, talked and seen each other often, first the pregnancy had been the focus of their interaction, but not for the last few months. He knew her well now, something must have happened to elicit such joy in his friend. John would be patient; Sarah will tell him when she ready.
John watched the train leaving with a heavy heart. He knew Leanna would have a wonderful holiday with Mrs Hudson and her sister in the countryside. She would discover all the farm animals with delight and curiosity so similar to her father’s. John almost regretted their decision to stay at Baker Street and not go with her, Mrs Hudson had offered after all… But it was a golden opportunity for him and Sherlock to be alone and…experiment together more…intensely… about their relationship and coupling. It was important he thought that they had some experience as just a …simple couple. Who was he kidding? As if anything involving Sherlock could ever be simple!
Now, as he waited for one of his agents to get in contact, Mycroft couldn't keep himself from thinking about Anna and the way Mummy had made sure the both of them wouldn't be happy together. Anna was married to another Beta by now and they had children. Mycroft still loved her, always would in some way, and he feared Sherlock would suffer as much as he did once Violet Holmes had torn the two Alphas apart in her effort to fulfil the norms of the elite. He would try to support his little brother as much as he could and right now that meant getting Sebastian Moran behind bars, the man that had shot Dr Watson to become leader of his military pack.
The day after, John had to go to work. Sarah was already here when he came. She was very pale, it seemed the morning sickness was still very potent. They were lots of patients, and John didn’t have time to talk with Sarah before his shift was over.
“The kiss, our kiss, it... I was confused, because we're both Alpha's and this is … It means so much, Sherlock. It means everything. I... I'm not. God, I suck at this. At talking.”
“Sherlock, calm down. It’s just dislocated. I will need your help to put it back in its socket.” John tried to reassure his friend who was frantically checking him everywhere he could put his hands on. If Sherlock wasn’t so clearly distressed, John would have actually enjoyed it.
John finally came back with two cups of tea and a fruit juice. He had the scan in his hands and gave it to Sherlock.
Some of the pedestrians seemed amused by two grown man in pajamas and dressing gowns carrying three children out the door and a few meters along Baker Street before entering the next house.
Nope, too soon to let Sherlock try anything involving his ass, but John was nothing if knowledgeable and creative. He encouraged Sherlock to get behind him, on their right side so that his shoulder wouldn’t bear too much weight. John sent his dominant hand in a mission: find Sherlock’s cock and put it between his thighs.
Sherlock and Leanna had spent the whole afternoon mixing vinegar and baking soda in an experiment known as “
Soon they were naked, Sherlock curled around John, his head on the doctor’s chest. John thought the detective was fast asleep when he heard “I love you John.”
“Good evening, Leanna. Brother dear.” Mycroft nodded at Sherlock, who felt like someone had hit him in the face. They had been tracked down. This was it. Still, he managed to let his voice sound bored.
Two pairs of grey eyes glowed with anger. Sherlock looked so much like Violet, especially when furious.
When John finally arrived at 221B Baker Street, he was full on panicking and ran into the stairs, his leg completely forgotten.
So, in the early afternoon, John accompanied them to King's Cross. Sherlock had wanted to avoid getting all emotional in front of hundreds of strangers and had said his goodbyes in the living room, holding Leanna close to his chest. He knew it was only two days and that his daughter would have a lot of fun and that she would be safe, but for almost six months he had spent every minute of every day with her. He would never be able to go back to seeing her once in a while as when he was with Janine.
The going back to Baker Street was a nightmare, the traffic was stacked and his cabbie not very competent. John smiled thinking at what Sherlock’s few and scornful words would have been if he had come. He understood Sherlock’s choice to stay at Baker Street, watching their little girl go from the train station had been very painful. Their. John couldn’t help smiling when thinking Leanna was theirs.
John and Leanna finished their shopping for Christmas without any other incident. John had been more vigilant and told the smart little girl to go to the shop’s counter if she lost him and ask for him using the microphone.
Aunty Harry had helped to make her feel at ease, she was cool and Leanna liked her smile. Leanna loved smiling people. Harry gave her a new drawing book with scenting colour pens. But before she could use her gift, the doorbell rang.
They hadn’t time to think about names… John couldn’t help thinking about several possibilities while anxiously waiting for the nurse to come back with his son. God, he hoped he was okay…
“John!” And the detective, for the first time without word, just kissed him. It was a happy kiss, John and Sherlock were smiling too much to make it more.
“With you? A teenager! You’re better than any fountain of youth!” John was feeling high on feelings and love for this wonderful, perfect man that he was so lucky to be able to claim as his.
Hidden Compass: https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/f2/f9/61/f2f961c5fe2bc7c217dd27f5b6e4888d.jpg
After a few agonizing seconds, Sherlock finally made eye contact. But his eyes were hardened and cold, “John. We have to stay calm and collected. We need to be able to think if we want to beat them and save Sarah. There is nothing to forgive. I know it was not really you talking.”
Leanna loved the aquarium and Sherlock had promised her they would go weeks ago. John would join them later on. Today was the first scan and John had been nervous all day, even Leanna had noticed and she had been... difficult. She had refused to eat breakfast and thrown a tantrum because she didn't want to wear a jacket, even though it was below zero outside.
Sherlock hated that he was right. The puzzles were interesting, entertaining and in different circumstances he would have loved to solve them. “I wondered, why you didn't just leave us alone, why you continued after failing to tear us apart. Your job was done. I know the reason, now. You were bored. You tried to cure your boredom by destroying our pack.”
Sherlock blushed and looked back at what he was doing, “Just some…miscalculation…Don’t worry, I debriefed with Ms Hudson before, I should be able to conduct this to the optimal end…”
He had thought that Violet’s interview would help them, even if Sherlock had been very angry at the hypocrisy of his mother, and it had in a way. The media had been more focused on Violet for a while, the head of one of the oldest families in England. The woman seemed to glow with all the attention…
In the cab Sherlock looked through the old articles, trying to get to the details. They have seven hours left. John looked like he wanted to punch something again, he hated not being able to do anything. When they arrive in the flat, John can at least pace in front of the windows as Sherlock flopped down on the sofa. He knew who the shoes belonged to, but he didn't know who killed Carl Powers and of course that was what Moriarty wanted to know. Well, Moriarty already knew. He wanted Sherlock to find out as part of his game. He had to stay focus on the case. He would worry about the impact all this will have on their relationship later. He mustn’t let Moriarty’s taunts go to him. Sentiment would distract him from thinking. If he failed, he would lose everything.
Sherlock still hadn’t said anything, he was scanning him, he knew. What was he deducing? He had to tell him, had to explain, hope that they hadn’t lost what they had before even really having it.
Chapter 11 will be uploaded on June 15th, because it's my birthday. So there'll be 3 chapters this week. yaay ~ Vany aka Strange_Johnlock
Arielle was swimming around singing and pizza was being eaten. Sherlock left the two alone for a while to go to the loo. He sank to his knees.
Sherlock finished his second cup of tea, when he noticed Leanna yawning repeatedly. It was already half past seven and she usually went to bed at around eight.
Slowly, he began to move, using his hand to keep Sherlock in place and have control over the rhythm. After few trial thrusts, he found a good angle and his love became more and more vocal under him, moaning loudly. John could feel Sherlock’s fingernails dig into his back but he couldn’t care less, it was sexy even, fuelled his own lust, encouraging him to go faster, deeper.
Sherlock was tempted to ignore the question. Of course, his little one. As if he would tell a story to his wife, or his lawyer.
“Good? It’s not good, John!” The ex-soldier felt his heart stop at Sherlock’s exclamation. “It’s extraordinary, John! The most gorgeous thing I ever saw! You were beautiful John, and so powerful, even when you are at your most vulnerable! I made you like that? Do you think you could do it again? Was it the prostate’s or nipple’s stimulation that did it? Or both? JOHN! We have to experiment how sensitive you are exactly!”
It was one of the french children songs Siger had taught Sherlock when he was little. The detective smiled at the thought that it was now being handed on to the next generation.
Suddenly, John recognised the blond head of his sister. She was smiling, a new haircut, shorter, it suits her better and she had an envelope with his name in her hands, she was fine, better than, probably a good news to tell. John was deducing, you couldn’t live with a genius consulting detective without learning a thing or two. He did pay more attention, or tried to.
She looked over at Molly, who had Matilda in her arms and her heart broke from joy every time she saw the woman she loved interacting with her babies.
Since their failure at penetrative intercourse, Sherlock’s choice of words, and damn, it shouldn’t sound so arousing when he said that! Since John tried bottoming, they had made love of course (thank god for that!)  At first John exclusively topped, they definitely both loved it, but after a few times, they had decided to try and introduce John to the joy of bottoming little by little. Help his inner alpha to accept being on the receiving end, help his body to catch up with his mind… or maybe it was the reverse? John didn’t really know if his previous panic attack was because his alpha felt… Threatened? Or if it was his own mental block as a leading alpha in the army which he needed to break down.
After a quick lunch, John opened all the windows, Sherlock had put his Beta’s scent today, but more days than not, he didn’t bother at home and the flat was full of his alpha’s scent. Sherlock had sad eyes when he looked at John. It wasn’t fair, he knew, but his sister and Clara didn’t know about Sherlock, and they had decided it should stay this way for the moment.
John giggled against Sherlock, rubbing his nose against his cheek. “You want to have sex for one and a half days straight? I mean, I love the sex, of course I do, but there has to be other things we can do.”
She fled from the room and to the gardens, where she walked between the rose bushes Siger had loved so much. She couldn’t comprehend what had happened, couldn’t believe she had killed a man. She missed her omega already, even with the rocky marriage they had had he had been her companion for thirty-seven years.
“Sherlock!” John felt the powerful urge to take his mate right now. The slow wooing he had planned before seemed an impossible task. He wanted him, it had been too long since they had…
He had just finished checking Leanna and explained to Sherlock she had mild strep. It wasn’t a serious yet case but there would be a 5 day course of antibiotics, just to be safe.
“John! You have too many clothes! Please!!!” Sherlock was desperately trying to take John’s jumper off.
“John, I am trying to develop Leanna’s scientist mind! Santa is a completely absurd concept that had been invented by multinational industries to increase mass consumption!”
“Yes. I don’t have details yet, but Moran is dead. We need John there. Go downstairs. I’m on my way as well.”
John was furious. He was seething while going back to Sarah to accompany her to the second echography with her doctor.
Molly was standing by the nurses station, she looked pale and Sherlock, surprised with his own behaviour, hugged her, Leanna between them. The omega clung to his arm, whispering “Thank you” over and over again, the words got more and more slurred as she cried. Sweet Leanna petted Molly’s hair.
That night, Sherlock had been the one making love to him, there wasn’t any other word to describe what they did. He loved it, when Sherlock took control and made him beg from pleasure. No one else has ever find all the right place to tease him, the genius has even found erogenous zones he didn’t even know about like the back of his neck.
With that he was gone, the door reopening seconds later as the Alpha who had taken her from the hospital came in. She forced herself to look at him, to not show her fear. Inside, she was close to a panic attack. Not because she was abducted by some mad man, but because there were two little humans growing inside of her and the presence of an unbound Alpha would harm them. Her babies could be dead within a week or two.
Mycroft found a little café with no CCTV cameras around, so they didn't need to invite her to Baker Street. Sherlock knew his daughter missed her former nanny and he wanted to surprise her.
“Oh, hello. Where were you? At Barts? I tried to call you.” John got up. Sherlock could see in his closed and stiff gait that he was…angry or at least annoyed by it. They met in the middle of the living room for a kiss, John's arms encircling him. That's when Sherlock flinched back because John's hand was putting pressure on the wound.
They caught a murderous niece, chasing her and her beta boyfriend through Hyde Park in the middle of the night, the thrill of the chase making them giggle as soon as they had fallen into the seats of the cab.
The older Holmes brother ignored the comment, walking towards the window, umbrella clicking against the floor.
“…Of course!” Sarah’s eyes became misty and she frantically wiped away the tears. “I never dream you would be willing… willing to help me…without a bond…Sherlock? Would you? Really? Accept that John would spend time with an omega?”
There it was. John's cock, swollen against his own belly and Sherlock kissed it, the head, the shaft as it twitched beautifully.
“Yes. Sherlock gave me a spray with your alpha’s scent and pheromones to help with the pregnancy. He gave me Molly’s number. Advised that I could talk to her to help me prepare for the future babies…” Sarah explained.
Sarah was being a good friend, tried to engage him in conversation but he didn’t feel very cooperative. Not like he had anything to tell, nothing happened to him anymore. Probably part of his problems connecting with civilian people, civilian life.
John could breathe again, and tentatively smile again, “I didn’t bond when full of hormones and in the frenzy of a heat, I am not doing it now. We should wait until Sarah tells us what she wants to do before building castles in the sky.”
“John, I’ve been thinking about it for several days… I think it’s time I talk to you about it. I think…I think it’s time we give you a clear place in Leanna’s life. You’re already her caregiver, and my partner…And we intend to keep it this way…And Janine won’t ever be part of her life again…so I think you should… you should be her second parental figure. It’s important for a child, I read, to have several role models while growing up. And you are obviously already one for her. You feel protective of her, you love her. Why not make it more…official?”
“Sherlock, I am here, I promise it’s me. I am going to touch you, okay, don’t… don’t be afraid. It’s me. John. ”
“Molly. So much to tell. We live with John now. John is really nice and Papa likes him. I love John. We live with Mrs. Hudson but she says I can call her Nana and she makes yummy cakes,” Leanna babbled, as Molly put her on the floor again, sitting down next to Sherlock.
“Obviously.” And Leanna sound so much like Sherlock copying his favourite default answer it made John laughed long after Leanna went back to her play.
Before they left, John saw Sherlock beside his father’s body. A new wave of anger and sadness almost overwhelmed him. If he could he would resurrect Moran to be able to kill him again and again… Just to be absolutely sure the bastard was dead, John went to watch his body. It had been kept away from Sarah and Violet, when he opened the body bag, John recognised immediately the face. Sebastian Moran. Once John had cared for him, considered him part of his army pack, how could he have been so wrong about him then ? Moran had betrayed him, caused his dismissal from the army. He had already taken everything he held dear once and had tried to do it a second time… almost succeeded in destroying his family… The look on the face was surprise, he hadn't seen his death coming. At least Violet had had some kind of revenge… But it wouldn't do much for her and son's future grief...
“Okay, you know you like him, no surprise here. Now, try picturing him kissing someone else. Touching someone else. Letting someone else read Leanna bedtime stories…”
John was furious. How could this sorry excuse of human being dared insult Sherlock! He was going to make him regret each of his heinous word with his fists if he needed to. He couldn’t control anything anymore, he didn’t even want too…
“John, divorce exists. And anyway, he clearly doesn’t feel anything for his wife… John, I hope the alpha/beta pairing doesn’t make you hesitate!”
“You’re co-workers learnt about your relationship with an alpha. No one of them did understabdand rumours ran wild. You didn’t support the slide remarks and whisperings…oh! It was more than that! You were ostracized…
“If you need me, I’m just next door.” Matilda told him before running to her friends. She was always so full of energy, never shy and quite outgoing. Malo envied his sister’s easiness to make new friends… He had often heard his aunt Harry saying Matilda was exactly like their father John when he was a kid himself. She had the same blondish hair too. Malo was red haired and even if his parents, his mothers in particular seemed to love the colour, he had learned that it was one more thing that made him stand out in school besides being unable to speak.
“You silly man, come here!” And John was kissing Sherlock a second later. He meant to just place a peck, hard on the lips. But it was impossible to stop once he began. He had to taste those lips again, and again. It would never be enough. And the scent, so strong and rich. Soon, Sherlock turned them around and John found himself his back against the wall, being thoroughly snogged by Sherlock. Once more, John gladly relinquished the control, and moaned shamelessly from Sherlock’s ministration, their tongues battling, and hands travelling. The doctor found his companion’s ass and squeezed the round globes, pressing them closer against each other.. John could feel Sherlock was aroused, the evidence pressed against his own bulging erection. He should calm things, they hadn’t talk about what they wanted to do sexually, yet. Leanna was with Mrs Hudson, but she could come up anytime. So many reasons to cool off a little, but nothing had ever been more difficult than letting Sherlock go.
“I don’t think Mrs Hudson will be shocked by this…But we are going to have to speak with Leanna about...us.”
Sherlock came and surprise he pulled out,  and there was come all over John's lips and cheeks. The doctor's finger was still pressing against his prostate and Sherlock realized that was what had made him come.
Sherlock pulled him closer, burying his nose in the short blond hair. For the first time, John needed his protection, his comfort.
The army paid for his arm re-education and therapy, courtesy of the Queen for good service. But now that the physical aspects of re-education were over, those visits to Ella were more and more difficult. And honestly, he didn’t feel particularly better after… A small voice in his head said it would maybe be more effective if he told her all his feelings and not just some of them but he quickly silenced it. No more self-pity! He had a move to prepare for, not that he had a lot of stuff but it still had to be done and would be a nicer thing to think about…
“…We are okay. Really. Sherlock is wonderful, I think he is… it, you know, love of my life and all that… Oh my god, listen to me! I am completely, utterly mad for him. And I know it can’t be… easy for him. He is very…protective of me too.”
“What do you mean exactly?” John felt the anger building inside him. He had to control himself, Janine hadn’t say anything yet about the heat’s suppressant…
“Not ‘about.’ Exactly a pint. That was their first mistake. The blood’s definitely Ian Monkford’s but it’s been frozen.” He could hear John take in a deep breath.
“John. I don’t care… Sorry, I mean… It doesn’t change my willingness to be there and part of their life… if you want me to…” Sherlock was hesitant now, not an expression John liked to see.
“Shhh, I love you too sweetheart, so much”, John turned over and took his love in his arms. They should clean up, but well, he didn’t care right now and before they knew it, they were asleep.
“Okay, you won. Your revenge was a success. But what makes you think I would come back to you? I could go anywhere with Leanna. London was an obvious hiding place. I can go anywhere with Mycroft's help.”
He kissed her again. Mrs. Hudson came down the stairs from Leanna's room with a suitcase. “You can call me whenever you want, like when I was on cases when we still lived with Janine and Grandmother and Grandfather, okay? Nana will go with you. You ladies will have a good time, okay?”
“Hello, Papa.” She sniffled and at first he thought she had been crying. No. Not crying. She was getting sick.
Oh well, it was too late to take it backt now. His feelings had been overflowing and he had had to ask.
“John is really nice, uncle My. Allowed to help him cook and he go to the playground with me.” His daughter beamed at her uncle, breaking the tense atmosphere in the room.
“No Sherlock. I don’t know about the baby… Never really thought of myself as a father, really…But the one thing I know, it’s that I love you, I don’t want to compromise that. Never… And you? It’s not all about me here…Is it…” John’s heart began to race, why hadn’t he thought about that earlier? What if it was a deal breaker for Sherlock? “Would you…would you stay if…Sarah keeps the baby?”
“I'm your pack now, sweetheart,” he said mockingly, “we'll be able to make that official. Alpha/Alpha relationships are more and more accepted now. You're welcome, by the way.”
“Okay, let's spice this up a little bit.” John laid down next to Sherlock, propping up his head with both their pillows. “Sit on my chest, yes, like that. I think you'll like to take control of the speed. Just try not to... choke me, alright?”
They talk about Sherlock’s cases; his research and John even shared some of his army’s anecdote. They had a laugh. How long since John had really laughed with someone? Well past midnight, Sherlock finally said “You should go to sleep John, the frequency of your yawns has increased over the last twenty minutes”.
Mycroft lifted his eyes from the floor to look at his younger brother. “Seeing you happy was all he needed to be happy himself. He was an adult able to make is own choices. Don’t be too hard on yourself and go to see Leanna. You know you need her now.”
He could almost hear John’s smile. “It’s okay. Just come whenever you can. Maybe Leanna and you could stay in the hospital home. We’re in the delivery room anyway.”
The pocket watch we imagined : 1st Watch : http://cdn1.exotic-express.fr/20539-5206-thickbox/montre-gousset-vintage-astrolabe.jpg
John looked at Sherlock silently asking him, “Malo means light in celtic, it’s a good name.” Sherlock explained.
“Papa?” Leanna sounded tired and curious at the same time. She had practiced the bilabial “p” sound before the “d”, smacking her lips constantly as a toddler, the only reason she didn't call him by the more common “Daddy”. He liked it. He wasn't a common father.
“Text from your brother”, John said and tried to hand him the phone. Sherlock ignored that again, concentrated on his microscope.
“Love you, Papa.” With that, she went to play with her pirate dolls and Sherlock ran down the stairs, where he found a crying Molly.
The man dared to laugh, “Excuse me, Dr Watson if I don’t find you very frightening. And to answer your question about Mr Holmes, we killed you.”
John pressed a kiss to Sherlock's nose and forehead. “I know, my love. I know. And it makes me so happy. I wish I could have resisted Sarah. I tried to fight it.”
No more patience or willingness to take his time, John promptly and quickly positioned Sherlock under him. One cushion under his back, Sherlock eagerly opened his leg to make place for his mate. John saw a small hint of doubt or fear in his love’s eyes but he just couldn’t stop himself anymore and after applying as much lube as he could, he guided himself in Sherlock, as slowly as he was capable.
“John!” He exclaimed, “You mean it! But how? It’s forbid… Oh! Mycroft! Mycroft told you it would soon be possible for same second gender people to marry each other! Too many people coming out in the past years for the government to ignore it! I should have deduce it sooner!”
“You don't get it, do you? You will come back to the manor, for Leanna. Because if you leave, she won't see Mrs. Hudson or Molly or Mycroft ever again. Are you really doing that to her? Do you really think you are good enough to raise her on your own?”
“You're going to kill me, Sherlock. You know I have to go back to the kitchen with that picture in my head now.”
He had played through so many scenarios about sex with John in his mind palace before while masturbating. And that had included anal penetration. Sherlock didn't care for his second gender enough to be hurt in his alpha pride if he was the one to bottom. To be honest, he rather liked the thought of John inside of him, owning him. God, he shouldn't think about that, not here, not now.
Well, he may have under evaluated Sherlock’s knowledge about sex if he knew that! But John was too occupied by what Sherlock was doing to him to think further.
The plan had been to wake John up by kissing his neck and whispering into his ear, which, in his mind, would have led to morning sex. Slow, huddled underneath the duvet, John's hands on him as he'd straddle the doctor's hips. Maybe he would have prepared himself before and they could have finally....
“Sherlock” John’s voice was rough from arousal. He could see the immediate effect it had on Sherlock whose eyes quickly darkened.
“Marriage between two Alphas or two Omegas will be legal within this year. I thought you might appreciate having the chance to surprise Sherlock for once. Once he knows you will be allowed to marry, he will expect a proposal.”
“Yes, thank you, Dad. Do I need a reason to visit my parents?” Leanna leaned against the desk and Sherlock turned his head slightly to look at her.
The next day, the medical staff were beginning to ask for names but John and Sarah just couldn’t find a common ground.
“…Why? What happened? I thought you liked your job?” John finally asked, still under shock. “Why you didn’t tell me! No more secret, that’s what we said!”
“If only you were a better shot, you could have saved her. This all could have been a happy ending, if it weren’t for you. One thing I can promise you is, I won’t miss. I was a sniper for the army, before.. well, some people might blame it on me being to greedy, wanting too much. Doesn’t matter now. Say your goodbyes.”
John twisted and turned in his bed. He felt a wave of embarrassment thinking how eager he must have sounded when asking Sherlock to come with him. And he had winked at the man ! Fucking hell! Sherlock must think he was a bit of a flirt. Well, he had been in his army days but… not since he came back! And it’s not like he wanted to jump him…did he? Maybe he really should go out more!
John felt his heart skip a beat hearing the threat from Moriarty, but nothing could have prepared him for what happened next.
He found three magazines, written for teenage girl's. He made the four personality test he found in them. They had titles like “Does he like me?” or “Is he interested in a date?”.
A life given to save another, just as Sherlock had planned it, but the wrong life had been taken. Or not, as the rational part of his brain offered. Siger had already managed to raise his children, whereas Sherlock’s own child was only four, almost five years old.
Sarah and Molly both looked tired, but they had that motherly glow about them that made them beautiful. Especially Molly had gained a lot of self confidence over the last few weeks, caring for Sarah in hospital and now the babies.
“Yes, you do. Still, they are beautiful to me. Beautiful, agile and skilful hands you have. One of the so many things I love about you, Sherlock. But I have to begin somewhere.” John put on his flirty, devilish smile, and he started kissing each of Sherlock’s fingers again. But soon, his tongue came playing too, he licked first, and when Sherlock's breathing increased, he sucked and nibbled with more intent.
Why was he always the one getting kidnapped? It was becoming very tedious indeed. John could already hear Sherlock gloating at the coming Christmas party about rescuing him… again.
“Yes, my love?” Sherlock went to join them, nicking one of the biscuits from the plate on the kitchen counter. Mrs. Hudson slapped him on the fingers playfully.
“No, not yet. We are brainstorming if it wasn’t obvious!” John answered rudely. He knew it wasn’t fair to the nurse, but any intruder to his pack just rubbed him the wrong way after all the commotion with the media.
My exams are finally done and I can focus on this again. Thank you for your comments, they make us very happy.
Sherlock was still wearing pyjama pants, an old, grey shirt and blue robe, hiding all of his body behind fabric, except for his face, neck and hands to give no reason for John to be irritated by him.
“Violet, please.” Siger stepped closer to his wife, laying a calming hand to her shoulder. She brushed it off and he turned away again like a beaten dog.
John’s heart broke. He could almost feel it in his body, the heavy sob and trembling body in his arms were like arrow piercing him through and through. All he could do was holding Sherlock against him, embracing him.
The day passed, and the next… He wasn’t sure if Sherlock even slept now… They had crossed paths several times. They had been polite. Haven’t spoken a word about their argument. Leanna must feel all the tension because she wasn’t her usual cheerful self and had several temper-tantrums John was at his desk, trying to finish his paperwork… He wasn’t in a hurry… For the first time, he didn’t want to go back to Baker Street, because he knew… He knew Sherlock would not be there… Leanna would stay the night with Molly, the detective had no reason to come home early… He looked at his phone, no text. Sherlock usually sent him about a dozen text a day, most of the time about silly things he was doing, just to share them with John. Now the few texts he received where only informative. Where he was. That he wouldn’t come home…
Maybe they could visit him sometimes, for Leanna's sake. He knew how much she loved the doctor. He would even live through seeing John and Sarah as a happy couple.
Violet exited the room in a fashion so similar to her youngest son's. Deep inside, Violet knew she had become bitter. But she had been this way for too long. She didn’t know how to be different. She was a Holmes before anything else all her life, she couldn’t be any different.
Sherlock smiled around the Doctor's cock, sucking again and then starting to move up and down the shaft in the same rhythm John's hips moved shallowly, just giving him impulses.
But as if Sherlock knew his thoughts, Sherlock put one hand at the back of his head to improve the angle even more and John’s mind went blank, nothing left to think about except for the feeling of Sherlock against him.
“I… I don’t know if I can leave Leanna. She’s… clingy these days. but i want to support you in this. I…”
Their cuddle was interrupted by a little voice, “Papa? John? I'm hungry”. Leanna had come downstairs on her own, her new bee cuddly toy in her arms.
Sherlock worked on cold cases, giving anonymous tips to the police whenever he solved one. On a particular hot day in July he had spent the afternoon wandering through Highgate cemetery looking for the grave on an old man whose diamond ring had never been found. When he came home, he found John lying on the sofa, looking miserably. Both his hands and the right leg were bandaged and he had the thermometer from their medical kit between his lips.
“John, I…”, Sherlock blushing was so endearing, John couldn’t not kiss him again, when he came up for air, Sherlock scolded him, “John, I am trying to tell you something!” John pinched Sherlock’s nipples as retribution for the nagging, “Jaawn, I can’t concentrate! I… uh, I prepared myself for…for you” the detective finally finished.
The old man got up in the early hours of the morning. He made his way to the window, looked down to the dark garden. Something had woken him every morning for the last few days, a sound he couldn’t classify. He knew it didn’t belong in his house. He had set his alarm and today he would find what had kept him awake.
She didn’t cry when she saw the picture. She was obviously upset but maybe she hadn’t any more tears left.
They talked about some cases John had started typing up, because unlike Sherlock he couldn’t just save them in his mind palace forever, if he found them important enough. Never before had someone been so interested in his work. It made Sherlock proud to be able to share this part of his life with John. If Sherlock could go back to being Sherlock Holmes, Alpha, he could go back to his website and work with private clients again instead of waiting for Lestrade or his colleagues to call. He enjoyed working with NSY, but before fleeing to London he had five or six cases a week, working until his transport threatened to give in, now there were days without any case at all. Of course, now that he had a daughter to take care of and a wonderful boyfriend, there was no time to be bored (well, only one or two times a day).
John finally opened his eyes again, he couldn't resist anymore. Sherlock’s eyes were wide open, he still seemed surprised about John’s positive response to his touch. Sherlock should know it would always be welcome, not something to fear.
“That's what you get from ruining my life, Sherl. John will come back here a bonded man. He won't want another Alpha around his Omega. You'll have to leave. I made you heartbroken and homeless in one single day.”
Sherlock predictions were exact; Clara didn’t get mad at Harry and stayed the whole evening very close, showing her protective side.. John thought they were cute together. He would need to talk to Clara and Sherlock later about this situation, he didn’t want to overstep on Clara’s territory, but somethings had to be done about those ex co-workers of Harry's
“I know because each time he comes to see you at work, and waits for you until your shift ends, you are all he looks at. Nothing else. It’s A&E with patients and medical personnel everywhere but he doesn’t look at them. At all. And…”
Whatever, Sherlock was covering his body and it was bliss! The weight of his body on him, feeling his engorged cock, rutting against him, knowing HE was the reason for Sherlock’s increased libido… well he was definitely aroused and very much not panicking, it was perfect!
It was hard to leave the room, but he had to see Sarah and explained to her what happened, she would want to see her son.
“Seb, sweetheart. There's something I need you to do for me,” Jim purred, as the last spark died down in mid-flight.
“You were very protective of her tonight, and you let very powerful scent on her, something threatened her, more than just her wandering in the shop. Tell me.”
“Sherlock.” He whispered with horror. He couldn’t believe he had really jeopardized everything by losing his temper.
“Mummy never comes and sings for me, when I'm sick. Molly sings to me. Papa play violin. Mummy never sings.”
However, Sherlock wasn’t as enthusiastic as his daughter… “People John! You know I find people boring!”
Sherlock didn't know whether it was just John or if people in general were careful about showing their romantic feelings, if they weren't sure they were reciprocated. He couldn't come up with an experiment concerning romantic feelings, but what he could test was sexual attraction.
They walked along Baker Street and bought flowers for Sarah. Leanna picked sunflowers, because she liked the colour and then they took a cab to the hospital.
“No.” Sherlock made his way over to him, pressing his lips to John's forehead. “No, I need you like this. I need you to let out the anger for both of us.”
“Anything else, or are you just going to make accusations? Because I don't have time for that, my child is waiting for me. A blind person would be able to recognize that Janine treated Leanna like shit. And no, I won't reconsider my wording. I have spent almost half a year with Leanna in London now and she's so much happier, she's glowing, smiling every day.”
“I am not the only one to think that you know. There are lots of omegas working here because Sarah is the boss and she tries to maintain good work-relationship. But her boss is a neuro surgeon alpha and not very careful with abusive behaviour. It’s nice to know the new alpha doctor isn’t a dick! Even my beta co-worker agrees with me.”
They had finished the bedtime story and were laying in the dark next to each other, Leanna’s fist closed around her father index finger on her chest.
“John.”, Leanna turned to her father, “Papa, we are not leaving? Promise?” Leanna was still a little distraught about the whole leaving or not thing. She had been very strong with her Papa, but she had cried the day before when they told her they wouldn’t move out..
The comforting smell of his alpha’s rage made him close his eyes. She was there to protect him, protect her omega.
Sherlock couldn't keep himself from spouting out some deductions, but luckily there was a sick child to focus on. Not that he usually cared about what people thought. John Watson was different, something was hiding behind those ridiculous jumpers. A protective alpha and a man desperate to help at the same time. On instinct, he trusted this doctor with his daughter's life.
“I wanted to talk about our living arrangement.” And John tensed up again in his chair while Sherlock went to his bedroom upstairs, to put some clothes on. When Sherlock came back he was wearing a bespoke black suit which of course hugged him just in the right place.
“It hurt at first, but I adjusted to it and I will insist on anal sex at least once a week from now on. It felt amazing, not only because you were massaging my prostate with your erect penis. The thought of you dominating me, which should go against my nature as an alpha, was instead arousing.”
“Yes Molly. Moriarty doesn’t seem interested in hurting Sarah. He is a sick bastard who wants to make Sherlock’s deduction dance for him.” John was aware of the bitterness in his voice, but he couldn’t help it. It was so unfair.
“If you wanted to stop me from crying you failed, love” John half cryed, half laughed, his face buried in Sherlock’s neck. The alpha’s smell was very potent, the man must have forgotten to use his spray this morning. John was very much glad about it, he craved the scent and it was with great relief he noticed there were no shame in him about admitting he loved the alpha’s scent.
“Mistletoe, John, can’t ignore tradition, it’s bad luck Mrs Hudson said.” Sherlock had disconnected the mistletoe next to the tree and was now holding it just above them.
Sherlock burned his notes in the fireplace. Experiment finished. John had just fled the flat and that was proof enough for Sherlock. John didn't find him attractive, he had been confused, irritated by Sherlock's partial nakedness. Chapter closed then. They would be two alphas friends raising a child, not more. But it didn’t make his problem disappears; Sherlock was still so very in love with John. And that, if John had been the one to experiment on him, the detective would have just dragged him to the bedroom immediately.
“You know, my brothers are proper geniuses too. They can make any kind of film or video you need and the best computer analyst won’t be able to tell shit from truth.”
“Oh, sorry. It's... I've been there, but there was a … another patient. Knife to the chest or something. Quite busy. Me, it's just a cut, could you...?”
“Do you know who did it? And why? John!!! Look at me and answer me!” Sarah was getting angry, which was probably better than crying.
“I understand, I have a child the same age, they are small, but can go so far in such a short time, when I saw her alone, I suspected she had parents not far looking for her. I am sorry, I thought you were her father, she smells a little like you…”
Professor Adler also gave tips on which lawyers were specialised on supporting omegas in a divorce and the steps that omegas could take to keep themselves safe and healthy during the process, especially with heats.
Molly looked stressed and Sherlock could see worry on her face. John's instinct seemed to have been right. This was more than just horrible traffic.
Sherlock went on two small cases in the first week and loved John even more for supporting his decision, even as the doctor stayed at home.
When he returned from the bathroom, Sherlock was asleep. He was beautiful, such a peaceful expression and his curls around him, he looked like an angel and he was the lucky one to have him fall on his bed. But it was perfect. He would have time to make the breakfast and finish preparing all his presents. It was very hard to plot something with a detective as a partner…
It seemed like he had found the magic word, Sarah became more compliant and finally accepted to enter the ambulance.
John spent most of his time in the hospital now, even had his own bed there, as he was crucial to Sarah’s and especially the twins recovery. Their one night together had been wonderful, making love without having to worry about a thing, having breakfast together in the morning. Letting John go had been hard for Sherlock, especially now that Moriarty was dead and the game over and couldn’t do anything to help the situation, help John or Sarah.
“Your daughter is right, Mr. Scott. I'm John, the Sweetie Doctor.” He held out his hand smiling and Sherlock shook it awkwardly, while still holding his child. “How about we take a cab to your hotel and get your things?”
“Mummy. I haven’t made Sherlock do anything since he was 4 years old” the older brother said, seemingly bored.
“Oh yes, dear. We made chocolate cake.” Mrs. Hudson was standing in the doorway, still wearing her apron.
Sherlock wasn't there and he didn't answer his phone and after three hours of waiting, reheating lasagne he didn't eat, John went to bed. He felt drained, exhausted and he wanted his Sherlock back.
John had so many mixed feelings…He was somehow happy about the future child but distressed by how it happened and how it could potentially put his relationship in danger. Alphas were not known to share well… John himself didn’t think he would have tolerated Janine, if she had been a good mother, in their life… He would have been insanely jealous. But Sherlock was nothing if exceptional. He had years of learnt restraint and control and it seems he was ready to try, and John felt incredibly happy about that: Sherlock making an obvious effort.
“Well, if he indeed begins to investigate your demise too soon, we are not against using violence. You won’t be there to be his guard dog after all.”
John was happy. He felt positively glowing. He had been happy before, but since they had made up and cleared some misunderstanding between them, John felt more free to let himself go with Sherlock.
“John… The balance of probability would tend to indicate our mutual enemy… John, I am sorry… I fear it’s…”
John giggled and it was Sherlock's favourite sound in the world. “Not necessary. There'll be another thief someday. Or a crazy axe murderer. And we'll catch them together.”
“YOU happened, git! You sent me a cryptic text message about something important to be said and then nothing more! I thought… I don’t know what I thought…” John fell down into his arm chair, as the tension drained from his body.
John caught a cab and worried about Sherlock’s news. He hoped Sherlock hadn’t found a flat for him and Leanna. The thought of living alone again –without Sherlock- made him feel sick. They hadn’t spoken about their arrangement after the first day. He should have made it clear that Sherlock and his daughter could stay as long as they wanted. Or worse, was it about his wife? Did something happen?
Just to inform you  that three make a heart is now edited from chapter 1 to 11, the last 4 chapters will be edited later when our beta reader (thank you so much Justbecause!) will have the time!
our beta reader is working on "Two growing hearts" right now, but this chapter wasn't beta read yet. We still uploaded it to keep our schedule, so you don't have to wait.
“John. That’s…fascinating…quite extraordinary…Twins… I never saw Leanna’s scan, Janine thought it wasn’t my concern…”
Uncle Mycroft came for the dessert, a big cake Papa was secretly very proud of making. She had loved experimenting with the sugar and the decorations for the last weeks.
“You are always willing to try something new. You have been with mostly female betas, but you are not shy about touching my very male body.”
“Yes…Yes, thank you Sherlock.” John tenderly caressed Sherlock cheeks; let his finger discover once more Sherlock unusual and beautiful face. He hadn’t felt him, seen him for too long. “I missed  you Sherlock. So much…”
End. He had, stupidly, believed things would stay this way forever, that John and Leanna and he would have an eternity together.
“You are wondering why you are here.” Sherlock smirked. “And I think my lovely assistant....” he gestured at Leanna “...will show you.”
John felt like his emotions were on a roller coaster these last weeks. It was exhausting. Some days he could act like everything was alright but lately, he felt that the bad mood was winning. Sherlock was trying to help, but there was a limit to what the man could do to shelter him from all the unpleasant things that had happened.
“People don’t like telling you things, but they love to contradict you. Past tense, did you notice?” I referred to her husband in the past tense. She joined in. Bit premature – they’ve only just found the car.
“Don’t worry Dr Watson. I am not a murderer, I won’t kill you. All we needed was for Sherlock Holmes to believe you dead.”
When he came to the living room, John was in his chair looking towards the window and Sherlock recognized the most prominent emotion on his face being sadness. John looked up when Sherlock entered and he got up, reaching out for him. Sherlock was at his side in three long strides, hugging him tightly. John pressed his face to Sherlock's neck. The detective had never seen his doctor so uncertain and vulnerable.
The shots had startled her and she had grabbed one of the old swords from the wall. But when she finally arrived, nothing could have prepared her to the scene. Her husband, her mate was lying in pool of his own blood. Something snapped.
Sherlock couldn't even imagine how John felt with having made this decision, he couldn’t comprehend why he had killed Jim… Chose him over his family...
I hope you are not too angry with us for the cliff hanger. We didn't intend to let you wait until november, but we had some problems writing regularly during summer, so we won't be able to start uploading sooner. We are sorry  for that.
Mrs. Hudson, their landlady, was an angel. Leanna loved her and Sherlock tolerated her fussing about them, baking scones and making tea. Mrs. Hudson got them a bed and other furniture for Leanna from her sister's grandchildren. The upstairs bedroom got a little cramped with all their stuff, but Sherlock didn't mind and he was convinced Leanna didn't either.
“I, yeah. Well, they are still checking him out. He’s smaller and… they don’t seem as confident with him as they did with his sister, but he has a healthy heart and good lungs, so, that’s good.”
For a while, they just wandered in between the different fish tanks and Leanna pointed at crabs and starfish, especially loving the seahorses.
The detective forced a smile on his face in an attempt to calm him down. “There is another puzzle. I need to get to Lestrade as soon as possible. I wanted to give you the option of joining me.”
But it was useless thinking. She had been late. Now Siger was dead. All she could do was hugging his sons and try to do a better work at protecting her family.
After a little more 2 days of heat and hormonal frenzy… John could finally think again and stop reacting to Sarah’s pheromones… He was naked in a nest of sheets on the floor. Gradually, everything came back to his memory, Sherlock and their kiss, Sarah, then the heat’s starting, the door hermetically closed, no way to flee, and…
The nurse was holding a bundle in her arms and it took Sherlock embarrassingly long to realize that this was John’s and Sarah’s child. The nurse smiled at him.
John turned around to thoroughly snog his lovely man. The mistletoe had been the witness of many kisses that night. Some shy on the cheek, others more heated had involved lips and tongues. It had been one of Leanna great pleasure that night to yell KISS! Each time two peoples were under the mistletoe. Molly and Sarah had been the first to comply to the tradition. John was about to tell it wasn’t necessary when Molly had kissed Sarah on the cheek. Poor Molly had blushed, as red as a tomato, but she had had the courage. John promised himself to never dismiss Molly as too shy, she would become an important part of his pack.
“What more can I do?” Sherlock cried while punching the wall behind John. “In a sense it is indeed my fault. I am the target. Not you. Not Sarah. I am responsible, am I not? You will leave. You are already starting to hate me, blaming me. But I am trying. I promise you, I am trying the best I can to find them, to save them. I am trying to make it alright again… I…”
“That’s…That would be a big service from Mycroft… If you’re sure, I am too Sherlock. You’re right; I am already very involved with Leanna growing-up. And…And I really want it, I want to be a father to her too, I want to raise her with you and I don’t ever want to feel threatened about my place in her life. I will sign those papers Sherlock. I don’t need to think longer about it.”
John got close to them, one arms around Leanna while the other came protectively around Sherlock’s back. “It’s our little secret.” They stayed like this hugging each other a few minute before Leanna began to fell asleep in her father's arms.
Today was their birthday and John had offered to give Sarah and Molly the evening off so they could prepare for the party. Luckily, they had fallen asleep again, and so had Sherlock, listening as John quietly sang to the toddlers.
He had only known Janine for two months and avoided her as much as he could during that time. Somehow, he had believed he could find a way out of this, that he could convince his parents he was indeed a sociopath who shouldn't be bonded. They didn't listen. They threatened to take his cases from him. Sherlock was an alpha, he was expected to have children and continue the Holmes family.
“There are so many things I love about making love to you” he whispered right into John's ear. “I love that you treat me like I'm the most beautiful man you have ever seen. It's in your eyes and your kisses.”
After 30 minutes in the kitchen, John had confirmation he wasn’t a very good cook, he had burned some of the sausage and the pancakes weren’t as fluffy as they should be. But in his defence, it wasn’t easy to focus the attention of a three and a half year old -Leanna was very adamant about the half part- and cook at the same time…
“Colombia. Mr Ewert of Janus Cars had a twenty thousand Colombian peso note in his wallet ...” John seemed to be in awe and Sherlock couldn't help but blush a little. He liked it when John was proud of him. “Quite a bit of change, too. He told us he hadn’t been abroad recently, but when I asked him about the cars, I could see his tan line clearly. No-one wears a shirt on a sunbed. That, plus his arm.”
“Sure, little lioness. I will use the loo and when I come back, we'll go home. And we can meet Molly again soon, okay?”
“Lady? Whose lady?” John saw first sign of Sherlock’s jealousy in his tone. It was more endearing than upsetting for him.
John had a big smile on his face while quickly tidying up before going to bed. The Christmas party had been a success; he thought everyone had spent a great time. Some more than others. The thought made him smirk, Sarah and Molly had quickly hit it off, they had lots of common interest and the usually shy and discrete Molly had been smiling and speaking enthusiastically the whole evening.
“So, Leanna, as you are the oldest sibling, could you please explain to me how I have on one side a bruised Matilda and on the other side a boy who cries and refuse to tell me anything?”
But the hours were passing, and still no sign of Sherlock. Doubt was beginning to show its ugly head. John wondered if sherlock even realized he was missing.
“JOHN! Just… Fuck! …Uh, just get naked for fuck sake! I want to touch you! Why do you have so many layers!”
“I love you Sherlock. That doesn’t change. I will walk, maybe for hour or so and be back, I have my phone, if needs must. Leanna will soon wake up; will you be okay?”
Sarah was on the third floor and he had to pass some of Mycroft’s men to enter the secluded part of the hospital.
“I am pretty sure he will be very happy, love. You made a beautiful meal with lots of love, he will feel it.”
“You know that Sarah is an omega, right? Omegas can only conceive at a certain time and Daddy was with Sarah at that certain time. They didn't plan to have a baby, but now that it is growing inside Sarah's tummy, they love it. Like John didn't plan to meet us, but now we are a family.”
Roger was smart enough to look terrified. But when he finally took a big breath and look around him, he saw that Roger wasn’t the only one terrified. The nurses, the patients… They were all as far away as possible, in the air he could now smell how frightened they were of him. The reality of what just happened suddenly crushed him.
Slowly, Sherlock started swaying his hips, shallowly, just so that the head moved in and out and in and out and...
“Yeah, yeah Sherlock, sorry, just… I haven't heard Harry laugh like this for a very very long time, and I thought I would never hear it again. And, I don’t know, it will pass, see, no tears anymore. I am happy, for her.” John was a little embarrassed, but very grateful for Sherlock attention.
For a while, they kissed and Sherlock would have been fine with just that if it wasn't for that burning desire to have John inside him. No Alpha could take that away from him. Sherlock Holmes wanted John Watson and their second genders could go to hell.
They went back to Baker Street tired and mostly content. John promised himself that if an opportunity presented itself, he would do something about his…attraction.
Two famous british actors known for being and playing strong alpha lead roles in movies were sitting in what seemed to be a talk show setting. John didn’t understand immediately. He was a little slow sometimes.
“John… You… For me…” the detective moaned, obviously having lots of difficulties to form a coherent sentence under John assault. He didn’t know if it was because the tall man had difficulties processing what John had done and why or if it was because of what John was doing to him with his tongue, his teeth, his hands… Didn't care, all that matter now was feeling Sherlock’s living body!
“Clara knows something is not right” Sherlock affirmed a few seconds later, “You should tell her, she will support you, that her privilege as your partner to be here for you.”
“Sherlock, I won’t… be able to last….” John tried to warn him. But John desperately wanted to bring Sherlock off first. He took the long and broad cock in his hand and made a quick and efficient rhythm.
He turned to face his mate. “Sherlock.” He had such a lost look. “Sherlock, love, I am sorry. I am so sorry. I shouldn’t have avoided you and this conversation. I was stubborn, I didn’t want to cave and apologise first… It was stupid… You’re right, I let my alpha instinct lead me too much…”
He hugged his mother, then his dad. He hadn't seen them in forever, they travelled the world in their attempt to improve Omega rights. His mother told him about their stay in California, while Leanna was running around the venue again. She returned after a few minutes.
Sherlock smiled at her. God, she deserved everything in the world. And by that he didn't mean a manor full of people only concerned with themselves.
The back of the watch was a little darker, some oxidation maybe? John tried to clean it by rubbing it with his thumb. That’s how he felt it, there were a carving, so thin it wasn’t visible but he could feel it. John felt a rush of adrenaline at the discovery. What was it? Something Sherlock had secretly engraved? Or just a scratch? But no John had been very careful with it and there was definitely a pattern. It was thrilling, a secret message… So like Sherlock!
Sherlock knew John would make a fuss about his birthday. At the manor, Mummy had always invited all the people he didn't like to celebrate with and Sherlock had hated every single moment of it. Women in high heels and cocktail dresses chatting and cooing over Leanna.
“So, Leanna, remember we told you Sarah was pregnant and that we would have a baby?” John awkwardly began.
“Yes. Yes. I know John, he hasn’t had time to really realise, but he will want to know this child. And I won’t go against that… I am a father too, I understand…And this child…will be part John…and you…I will love it! I would like to propose a joint custody… John?”
Leanna knelt on the chair and carefully pushed the hat on the baby’s head up a bit to reveal dark blond hair. In that moment she remained Sherlock so much of himself, wanting to know everything about the baby.
John went to the living room and … found an apple with “I O U” carved in it. He couldn’t remembered if it was already there the day before. The bastard! The apple exploded under the impact against the wall when John just threw it in a fit of anger. If only it could have been Moriarty instead of this damn apple!
Yes. Sherlock wanted to do exactly that, go with John. It was the most rational decision. His family would realise he was in London and look for him in the hotels first. Less risk of finding them with the former army doctor. And little Leanna would be protected by two alphas. Perfect hiding place.
Sherlock turned around to face her, not a sign of the loving omega she was supposed to be. He knew Leanna looked a lot like her, especially when she smiled, but he hadn't seen an honest smile from Janine in years.
“Mycroft! You will have to speak to your brother! And make him see reason! It will affect you too, you have a promising career in the government, don’t let him jeopardise your chance!”
Sarah had been very… stunned by the news. Like him. They just hadn’t thought of it… Hearing two fast beating hearts. Dr Mirakian had been reassuring, they were doing fine, a little tiny but nothing alarming. Sarah was now at a very critical part of her pregnancy, she needed to be stress free, eat well, stay well rested… Not easy to do when you are a doctor in a stressful environment. Luckily, Sarah had some vacation to take and she had promised she would try and negotiate less hours works to make time for the foetus to grow a little more. A healthy mother and environment were primordial to assure good health for the babies. She will have to avoid at all cost any unbonded alphas in order to not disrupted her pregnancy, so she already only took betas and omegas as patients. Better safe than sorry.
Sherlock lifted his head, pressing a kiss to John's mouth. Communicating via kisses was definitely more John's strong suit and they got lost in the slow movement of their lips for a while.
“Hmm, yes…ahem, yes, I like him.” John cleared his throat. He was beginning to be very wary of where this conversation was going.
John felt very smug when he left Sherlock lying in their bed. He loved to bring him to orgasm, to watch him lose all his control, to feel the trust he had to let him see him like that.
Sherlock sat up and his daughter climbed into his lap. He brushed a flour streak from her cheek with his thumb.
“Perfect! John, this photo is…perfect…I love it! Thank you!” And Sherlock enthusiastically kissed him before retreating and looking at his gift again.
He had been in a bad mood lately, snapped several times at Sherlock for no good reason. And when he wasn’t angry, he felt sad at being unable to protect and love his pack better. He hoped he could hide it from Leanna but he was probably deluding himself there…
“Of course I want you to be part of their life! You’re my life partner, you will have a big role in their upbringing!”
Sherlock smiled at her, picking up the book they were currently reading. He knew the conversation about this wasn't over yet, he could see that in Leanna's eyes, but he was grateful she had dropped it for now.
“I see… Your concerns are valid, I’m afraid…” Sherlock thought hard and added “She called you my John?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “I know I said I would be listening, but you don’t talk to me, you think! Quite loudly, it’s disturbing! So here I am, telling you. I am the genius here so believe me when I tell you: of course you would be a good dad, you’re already one!”
The heavy morning sickness was normal, the hormonal imbalance and heavy changes her body was going through would be difficult as Sarah was not bonded and not living with the alpha.
Sherlock’s heart broke. It couldn’t be anything else. Never had he wanted to be wrong so much in his life.
“I'm afraid, Sher...I'm afraid that all my parent's work, and your mother's, and the blog.... I'm afraid they won't work. What, if this tears our family apart?”
Sherlock picked up the Petri dish from underneath the microscope and almost shoved it into John's face in his excitement.
John stayed silent, looking at Sherlock. He was so graceful dancing. He couldn’t deny anymore that he was attracted to him. But there was so much more than physical attraction… The man was…exceptional. He had caught himself dreaming about a life with Sherlock as his mate and Leanna.
“Oh, John, you’re already here. I see you went to see your sister, you’re breathless, why did you hurry back? Something happen?”
After coming back from cleaning up, he noticed he had a missed call on his mobile phone. Sarah? Strange… He should call her while he had time.
“My wife is behind this. She is trying to get me away from John and I am sorry she chose you for her revenge.”
But his dark thoughts were interrupted by a small voice, “Moriarty? Who is he? What does he want with Sarah?”
“Don’t hide little mouse, I promise she is great!” Daddy tried to mollify her, but she just wanted to hide and feel protected in his arms. John didn’t betray her faith and took her right in his arms, letting her cuddle and take her fill of reassurance.
John kisses were slow and deep and oh so delicious, John a warm weight on top of him, small, strong hands in his hair and on his cheeks. Their legs were interlocked and Sherlock could feel John's erection against his hip, as his own pressed into the doctor's thigh. Still, they kissed without hurry, exploring the other's lips and mouth and tongue, Sherlock's arousal growing with every light touch, every suck and nibble.
“Hmm. The guy would have stabbed you either way. I just wished I was there to punch him in the face for it.”
Sherlock smiled seeing the excited face of his daughter, “Nicely observed, you are a very good junior detective, already!” He complimented, “I am proud you noticed I'm in disguised today! But shush, it’s a secret! Can you keep a secret?”
John was suddenly in his bed, no waterfall but still a naked man… that he had been unconsciously molesting in his sleep.
“Dr Sawyer,” he said, keeping himself from growling at her, telling her to keep away from John. She was the victim, she had been forced into heat, which was considered rape.
She opened the door. “God, Jim said I should text you, that coming here in person would be too risky. But I just had to see your face. Poor, little , heartbroken genius. Can't wait to toture you with my presence for the rest of my life.”
Well, there was something. Leanna and he went to Molly’s and Sarah’s new flat every day and prepare it for the arrival of the little family. They painted the nursery in a light green to keep it gender neutral and decorated it with all sorts of forest animals. Mycroft’s men helped them carrying and building the furniture and when Leanna didn’t want to help anymore she walked around the rooms and entertained everyone. She never strayed too far away from Sherlock though, never did ever since her return to Baker Street. It hurt Sherlock to see her still afraid to loose him and he hoped he could make it up to her one day.
John giggled, removing his arms from around Sherlock to walk towards the toddler. “Leanna, love, the baby won't be able to play with toys when it comes out, they will be too little for that. But I love that you want to share with your brother or sister.”
Alone in the flat for the first time in what seemed to be forever, Sherlock solved a few cases via eMail and played a piece on his violin. He almost missed the call. Almost.
“I love her, Leanna. She's an angel. Can't believe she's related to you.” Sherlock felt John's smile against his forehead.
She was still the alpha dominant, she would make Sherlock come back and if he was hurt while doing it, he would survive. After all, she had, and he was her son.
John smiled at this, because John was amazing like that. Tonight, Sherlock would give him another present, even if it wasn't John's birthday today.
“I admit it’s not my sole idea. I wanted to give you a perfect day, I know you used to not celebrate the day, but I wanted it to be… very special… So I tried to ask Lestrade, what he thoughts would be a good birthday date. He said that with a child, an amusement park could be a good idea and an adrenaline addict like you would like the… thrill… But I admit I wasn’t very enthusiastic about it… So I asked Harry, she told me you used to love looking at the stars when you were a child…
Wet, tight heat engulfed the head of his cock and Sherlock groaned, holding back from moving too fast, from hurting John.
“It’s just a party, you drama queen! I already said yes, we ARE going! And you saw Leanna, she wants to go, you can’t disappoint her!”
John’s throat contracted, he tried swallowing to speak, express how much he was touched, but the only thing getting out of him were more tears that he was frantically trying to dry with his hands.
Suddenly, the living room was full of men in black suits. They took a screaming Janine downstairs and into a car. Mycroft’s men were efficient. John was so angry he couldn’t really listen to what they had to say to him.
Mycroft’s voice was calm as he spoke. “You saved Sarah’s life and those of her unborn children. Both Doctor Watson and Sherlock are very grateful. No One could have known that they had hidden Ms Sawyer here. The last place Sherlock would come and look for her.”
“I will. Right now, thank you. This is amazing. I'm a father, Leanna’s father. I mean officially. This is amazing.”
“Goodbye, little mouse. I love you”, he said, his voice soft for the moment. “Take care of Nana for us, okay?”
The doctor pressed kisses to his temple, slowing his movements down and then stopped, hands stroking Sherlock's hips and belly now. “But we already exchanged presents this morning.”
John felt ravenous and deliriously happy. The twins were healthy, so was Sarah, and Sherlock had given him a secret love declaration! Who gave a fuck if he didn’t have a job and some people felt they had a right to judge his relationship with another alpha! He was happy! Sherlock loved him! He would not let it tarnished his personal life anymore!
She turned around and then back to Sherlock. Her look said that she was thinking he was acting stupid.
“I… Of course I appreciate living here John! You make me laugh and… yes, and you… Hmm, you’re my friend. And the experiments, if they … bother you I can change, find something else, I…”
John dreaded this moment. Would Sherlock understand? They hadn’t spoken about feelings yet… But he had been a coward for too long, if he had stayed in their flat, maybe none of this would have happened… And he just was so confused about what he really felt. Love, like, what’s the difference anyway? How do you know for sure?
“I do. I love you so much. And I want you to stay here. I want to give us a chance! I finally want to do what feel right and not what I am told to do. We can deal with Janine together, okay? ”
It was frightening but when Papa had asked this morning if he agreed with the teacher’s decision he had said he could do it, he could be brave alone.
“I…It was about…Janine…She, hmm, she was telling I was an failure of an alpha, playing detective…not able to provide a normal family for Leanna…and…hmm, you…you appeared and…told…” Sherlock obstinate as ever, kept his face hidden.
The kisses turned from innocent to very dirty. Tongues and teeth came to play, and John was soon pressing Sherlock against the mattress. It was intoxicating, it was everything. John’s hips were beginning to jerk against Sherlock, seeking more contact, more pressure, faster rhythm.
Finally, those indescribable eyes opened for him, John felt himself falling into profound blue grey eyes. A new and wonderful dream world was opening for him, at this moment, John’s amorous feeling came all at once, it was overwhelming.
“Sherlock” John whispered. The worry he saw in the tall man’s eye told him everything he needed to know. “You know, about Sarah.”
“She may succeed where I failed, she could become our ultimate weapon to control the British government.” Sherlock said, grinning.
“Look at them, John, Clara looks like a female version of Sherlock. You have to admit we have the same taste!”
A knock on the door made John look up from his notes and he didn’t even have the time to tell the person to come in before Mycroft Holmes had already made his way into the small office.
John was so happy he tightly hugged Sherlock against him. He didn’t see the shadow of a doubt in Sherlock’s eyes, it was carefully hidden when John looked at him to kiss him.
Their shirts were left on the floor in the hallway and they discarded their trousers and pants in front of the bed. God, John was beautiful, hiding a strong, muscular body behind old men's clothing and Sherlock loved it, loved how he was the one to know John's secret.
“Where did you get that idea from?” He covered another pear in the water, soap and baking soda mixture, handing it to her.
“I made sure you had a heat with your slutty omega boss! You don’t have a choice anymore, you have to live with her! So stop ruining my life and make Sherlock come where he should have stayed, with his omega and be a proper alpha!” Janine was beginning to lose her composure facing a stoic John.
Moving his other hand down to first fumble his balls and then press a finger against his anus, Sherlock came, biting down on his lower lip to keep himself from screaming. God, he couldn't wait to have John inside him. He needed him there. He was curious and if nothing else adventurous…
Violet took a deep breath, trying to compose herself. Too many people were crammed into the small room. Policemen, her sons, John Watson, the girl and the paramedics taking care of her and Violet needed to get out.
Oh, thought John, it would seem Sherlock was trying to…convince him about to keep their arrangement? His emotions were on a roller-coaster, he just wished Sherlock would get to the point!
“Yess! In me! Now!!!” After some fumbling, Sherlock was in position and John didn’t wait. He lubed himself as much as he could and just pushed until he was completely inside.
“I guess you already know what happened? And god, we need to talk about it, but there's something I need to say first.”
“Sarah, you won’t have to do all of it alone. I will be here to help you. You know that to follow through a pregnancy unbonded is difficult. I will try to help as much as I can…And after the birth…I won’t lie, I didn’t really think of myself as a father, but I think…” John turned toward his love, “Sherlock, we will have to talk about it, what you want to do, how much we can be present in this child’s life…Sarah… Would you agree to let me and Sherlock be present in your child’s life? And Leanna?”
“I don’t know if I deserve it but I am thankful still. John, I want to apologise. About the way I reacted when you left with the army. It wasn’t fair. I am so sorry, little brother, I am sorry I didn’t do something earlier to make it all better again, between us. I hope… I hope you can forgive me and…let me be a part of your life again. Not just Christmas cards. I miss you John.”
“Well, maybe, but I will endeavour to not repeat that. I am working on my anger issues and I have decided to not care about what people think about us. Anyway, I think the blog is working. We do have some positive feedback…”
They lay in silence for a while, calm, as the world outside rushed and bustled around them. This was their save place and no one would be able to harm them as long as they stayed together and in 221 B Baker Street.
John hadn’t really thought about marriage before. Why would he torture himself with something he couldn’t have? Now however… It would be great to reaffirm his love and commitment to Sherlock. The detective was always a bit insecure, John had never completely succeeded at eradicating his doubts and insecurity in Sherlock’s mind. A bond mark would never be possible although they did mark each other with love bite and bruise as leftovers of their love making
John was curled against Sherlock, for once asleep, exhausted and hopefully satisfied after his orgasm. John had come quickly after in his hand, Sherlock moaning and coming undone before him was more than he needed to cross the edge himself. He would think about Sarah’s revelation later.
Sherlock knew he was acting like a child right now, but he had bowed to his mother for too long and he wasn't going to repeat that mistake. He picked the coat from John's armchair and put it on. He would need to bring it to a tailor and the twenty minute walk would help him calm down.
Leanna looked up at him with sad eyes, crawling up his chest a little, so she could kiss him. “Love you, Papa. Will be alright,” she whispered.
Sherlock ignored John's warning and kneeled down next to them, fishing in his pockets for his magnifying glass.
“Exciting and scary. I want that child. We didn't plan for it, but now that it's there, I want it. But there's doubts, of course, everyone has those.”
“Oh, no. I'd rather not, little mouse. Your Papa would probably burn down the whole kitchen, if he tried.”
“I don’t want an omega, I want you and I find you beautiful,” John whispered, slowly moving his kisses to Sherlock’s long neck, “I love that you’re tall, taller than me, you’re not bony and if you could gain some pounds, you’re all lean muscles and I love it! And your skin, I find it entrancing, all this map for me to discover! If I was a poet I would sing you how beautiful I find you”
“I am sorry John. But it’s my decision to make. I am just informing you. I will keep you posted about what I am going to do.”
He was frustrated, he didn’t think he could wait and organise something else later. He had been lucky Sherlock hadn’t deduce anything yet… John swallowed down his disappointment. Mycroft would surely help him organise something else soon. It would have to be quick if he wanted to keep it a surprise…
“Oh, handsome in addition to cute and genius? You sure know how to choose them little brother! It may be complicated as you said but all love stories are!” Harry said grinning.
John put the newspaper down a few inches. He looked adorable in his new reading glasses. “How…? Why am I still asking that. I don’t know why. We’ll need to ask her.”
John spilled the beans. He told his friend everything except that Sherlock was in fact an alpha, it wasn’t his secret to tell.
The sounds started when he had almost reached the staircase. A repeated thumb thumb, coming from somewhere deep in the house. He followed the sound up the stairs to the fourth floor and along hallways they hadn’t used in years. The upcoming sun just gave enough light for him to find his way.
“Promise me, love. Please, promise me that you won't do that. Real or fake. Don't do that for us. To us.”
“I took the liberty to look at the furniture you had in your old flat and the furniture you had bookmarked on your laptop. I thought you would appreciate having somewhere to come home to after…”
On cue, Leanna knocked on their door softly and then entered. She had her dark curls in a braid, but even with her coat and skirt she looked like their little girl. Her smile was genuine when she leaned down to kiss both of them on the cheeks.
Sherlock smiled. “People are idiots. I don't care what they think. All I care about is that I love Daddy and Daddy loves me and we both love you. But I know Daddy cares, that's why I care too.”
“No, Clara has a lot of knowledge about bees. I am impressed! But she is gone now and I am already bored…”
His little lioness slept through the ride, only waking up when they had to change trains. An old woman cooed over the little girl, as they were waiting on the platform. Lost her husband, no children, former teacher, not a threat.
Oh. The realisation of what it meant suddenly hit him. Serotonin, the happiness hormone. Dopamine was love. Acetylcholine was a little less obvious… it was associated to learning, dreaming and creation of memory… Oh god! Sherlock was such a romantic! Only his mad detective could hide a secret love confession using chemistry language!
“Thank you! You’re a doll Mrs Hudson! Give my love to Leanna, I will come and explain as soon as possible!” John didn’t wait and ended the phone call.
Wandering deeper, Sherlock pressed his tongue to John's hole, softly and without the intention of entering him.
John frowned. “That is... 221C. Sarah and I were thinking she might move there with the twins, but it's in a horrible shape.”
“Well, when I have such a wonderful specimen of alpha in my bed, I can’t resist! And we still have time…” And to make a point he took the member already a bit engorged in his mouth.
The conversation at the dinner table revolved about their latest experiment, as Leanna explained it to John and the doctor asked questions.
He did feel better in his new flat. His land lady was sweet if a little too interested in his personal sexual life or lack of…, but she did take care of him and he was quite fond of her. His job didn’t provide as much excitement as he would like but he was learning to compromise. He was known as the limping doctor because he refused categorically to use his cane when working. But his experienced began to be appreciated and looked for by his colleagues. It was something he supposed. Some doctors and nurses had tried to initiate more than a work relationship with him but his trust issues were bigger than Ella thought and they quickly realised he still preferred to be left alone.
“You like it then.” It was more a statement than a question, but John heard the uncertainty hidden nonetheless.
They had parted ways and the guilt had been firmly there ever since. One week later he still hadn’t called Harry. He looked at one of the two photos on his desk. The last family photo he had with Harry and their parents.
They had reached the city and traffic wasn't as bad as Sherlock had calculated, but the policeman was still incompetent.
Sherlock nodded, not knowing what to answer and they just smiled at each other for a long moment. Then Angelo appeared at their table and they ordered dessert.
“How are you John? And Sherlock? It is a really difficult for both of you, I know I am not the only one affected by Sarah’s disappearance.”
That seemed to do the trick, John felt himself blush… It was a little embarrassing… “Hmm, yes, yes, what…”
Dr Mirakian had been impressed with how well the pregnancy was going. He had been sure that John had been in close proximity to Sarah to assure and provide the Alpha’s scent to help the omega’s body to accommodate the new lives in it. Sarah had explained that John’s mate had created a spray with John’s pheromones synthesized in it. Dr Mirakian had seemed very interested in the invention and John had boasted with pride when he said that his mate was a genius and a brilliant chemist.
John took a deep breath, “…Sorry, you’re right. I don’t want to yell at you. Just… I am not good with…doing nothing…”
Sherlock had to forget his own feelings, concentrate on the case and John. It was the only way he could still do something…
John sighed in relief. “Good. That’s good. I need to stay here, with Sarah. She needs me, my scent. It’s… the fight is not over yet. Something could still go wrong.”
That you found them fascinating. I admit… I was a little surprised that I had no idea you loved the stars so much. So… I made some plans. We will be able to see several shows in the planetarium that Leanna should appreciate too. If she gets bored, they have child care and we will be able to visit the astronomy centre. I did some research about the solar system, I think I will be able to tell you some…”
Sherlock must have heard his anxiety in his voice because he straighten and smirked “You should be more confident in your capability to convince me. Yes John, I will come. You clearly would be lost without me.”
The man visibly paled, but Sherlock hadn’t finished, “And I am the lucky person who shares his life, his partner and lover. If someone here says anything derogatory and insulting to Dr Watson, I will use my right as an alpha to use my abilities to protect him!”
Sherlock looked up at his daughter in surprise. She looked adorable in her science goggles, which were totally unnecessary, but she had insisted on them.
“Oh Sherlock, I love you to the moon and back!” He declared and before Sherlock could note the absurdity of this idiom, John kissed him, and kissed him and kissed him. It was his turn after all to give a mind-blowing orgasm, wasn’t it?
And I want to say thank you to Ambre, my amazing and lovely co-author, who first didn't even want to be my co-author but who was forced into it by me :D Writing with you was soooooooo much fun and you are not only very creative, but a really nice person I enjoy working with you a lot. To many more fan fictions :D
John looked him in awe, kissing the knuckles of his left hand. “God, love. I could come from you talking like this alone.”
He had had another meaningful conversation with his sister much later in the evening, while Sherlock was occupied to tease his brother and Clara was in a deep conversation with Sarah and Molly.
“Are you really asking me that? What's wrong? You just went on a case and got hurt. And if it wasn't for that stupid coat and cheer dam luck, you could have been seriously hurt! Why didn’t you tell me you were apprehending a suspect in the first place! I could have prevented it! Ex-soldier, remember?”
“Oh, no need to worry, love. We aren't going to hurt you. And if you promise you won't make a sound, I can even take that nasty thing out of your mouth.”
Sherlock clung to John, trying to catch his breath and up with his brain. Sarah was dead. There was no doubt Moriarty would make his threat a reality, the man was a lot of things but not a bluff…
John's groan as he orgasmed went straight to Sherlock's groin and he felt awkward for just standing there. He couldn't just go in there and tell John he was aroused now and wanted an orgasm too.
John plastered himself completely against Sherlock’s back and began, when he felt the man relaxed under him, a new rhythm while kissing and nibbling at that beautiful neck. His bite mark was still visible and he felt a new surge of possessiveness. To take and own this man.
It had been a sweet hell, to get to watch his strong and beautiful man in nothing more than a swimsuit… But Leanna was a very good distractor and he had successfully not embarrassed himself in this very public swimming pool…
John came closer and played his last card. He put his hand gently on Sherlock’s cheek and made him look at him.
“You all saw, he assaulted me! He is a rogue alpha!” John found some pleasure to see the man crawling on the floor far away from him like a worm. But the man had still venom to spit, “Or maybe it’s that Sherlock of yours that is an abomination, a freak, an error of the nature. Does he like taking it up the arse? Do you beat him under submission?”
“Leanna and I will stay in London. She is still the Holmes heir and you are still her grandparents, but I won't allow her to be unhappy ever again and she is happy where we are now.” Sherlock affirmed.
He ignored the police man's offended sound and Molly's giggles in favour of his daughter's greeting.
It was difficult to go back to his past work placed. He had mixed feelings about the place, he had loved the job but he had felt betrayed when his relationship with another alpha had become public and not one of his colleagues had been supportive or even neutral about it. Anger and resentment were still there even after weeks…
“I thought you would want something more dramatic, like forcing me to jump off this roof. Or shoot myself in front of John. You like the dramatic.” Even if he was about to die, Sherlock wanted to show no weakness. He wouldn't give that to Moriarty.
The article about bees and biochemestry refered in this chapter can be found here : https://hal.archives-ouvertes.fr/hal-00890519/document
“Me?” John would have believed the man was fishing for compliment if not for the look of genuine surprise on his face.
They were grinning like lunatics, and it was wonderful. John felt that if they could smile now, everything would be okay. They will be okay.
“Yeah. Me… me too. I mean, we've only been dating for four months, but this feels... right. I mean, when I think about it, I fell in love with you shortly after you moved in. That's not even a year.” John looked at him in disbelief. “We haven’t even known each other for a year, but it feels like an eternity. In a positive way, of course.”
Sometimes he heard Leanna giggle or call him Papa and he wished he could just go over and hug her. He knew Janine would know a way to stop him. Sometimes, he sneaked up into his daughter’s room and read to her, or sang her to sleep, when she woke up in the middle of the night. When she was sick or angry, he played her favourite songs on his violin and hoped it would somehow help her.
“Must have been the good influence of her mother,” Sherlock answered in a tone as mocking as John's and they giggled, fingers intertwining.
Sherlock got to his feet and around the table and John sank into his embrace almost automatically. He could feel the doctor shiver in anger, his fist clenched.
“You are not telling me what to do. I'm not a little omega wife that you can order around. I have been a detective for my whole adult life and I've been doing very well! Even before I met you! Just because I am letting you fuck me doesn't mean you are my boss or my nanny or my fucking alpha, John Watson. I certainly won’t ask your permission to do anything!”
The doctor laughed, “Extraordinary! You are a Marvel ! But you haven’t answered me, Sherlock Holmes, would you please accept to marry me and make me luckiest bastard in the world?”
John woke up alone in their bed, something that hadn’t happened often since he and Sherlock were… a thing. Where was his detective? Why had he left? John hoped Sherlock wasn’t bored about him yet… But it was probably his own insecurities talking, Sherlock had seemed happy those past few weeks. They had shared more and their sexual life was… extremely satisfying.
NO! Sherlock’s face was closed and determined… It didn’t look good at all! Would Sherlock really sacrifice himself for the chance of saving everyone? The moment John had this question, the answer was clear. Yes. Oh my god… Yes, Sherlock was loyal and loving… and self loathing enough to do something like that. Be the hero… whatever the man said, he definitely had some hero complex…
“He is NOT my boyfriend,” Sherlock spurted out, Janine had just hit his weak spot. John was his protector and at the same time he made Sherlock vulnerable.
Sherlock hummed in agreement. “Yeah, I think we should do that. I will talk to John as soon as i can, but for now we should go home.“
John wanted to quickly take Sherlock’s erection in his hand to bring him over the edge, but as soon as he touched him, Sherlock went off like a geyser. Watching Sherlock orgasm under him was all he needed to lose himself in his own pleasure, wave after wave until he was boneless.
Sherlock wanted to lick every part of John's skin to get rid of every single molecule of Sarah's scent and replace it with his own.
Sherlock woke up to the feeling of their mattress moving and the sounds of giggles. He remembered John getting up earlier, first bringing Malo to their bed as the little one had woken up around five and then Matilda an hour later. The twins had their own rooms at Sarah’s and Molly’s flat, but they stayed over at least once a week, which was easy now as their cribs fit into their bedroom. Once they were older Leanna had offered to let them sleep in her room once in a while.
Mrs. Hudson brought them both a cup of hot chocolate and sat down with them. She looked tired as well, but smiled at them with her always present cheerfulness. Sherlock was so grateful for her. She was part of their pack, kind and caring, the motherly figure they all needed. “I would like to go back to Baker Street, if it’s possible. I miss my flat.”
For the first time, John watched the great man failing to finish a sentence because it had to do with death and John.
“As you can imagine, Mummy and Father aren't really pleased with your decision, neither is Janine. A scandal, if people find out what you did. They are constantly worried about their reputation.”
Strong arms wrapped around him, as John slowly woke up on their makeshift bed in front of their fireplace.
It took a while, before Sherlock could add another finger and even longer, before the third, but he didn't become impatient with John for a second. He knew how difficult this was, especially for an Alpha.
“Yes, yes! I promise John!” Sherlock petulance made John laughed and kissed him. That they could be so free and joyous in bed was a very pleasant surprise.
He stared at his father's chest, light blue pajama top drenched in blood at the chest, where it had been pierced by the bullet. Someone had closed his eyes as a gesture of respect.
“Moriarty is trying to do just that. He wants to destroy our reputation and he wants us to give in to the pressure of the public criticising our lives. How could a funny little thing like love stand against the prejudice of a nation?”
Leanna nodded, reaching out for John. It warmed Sherlock's heart how the two most important people in his world loved each other. Would he love the twins the same? If they are still alive a sinister voice in his head said and Sherlock had to close his eyes for a second. If he believed the anger and erratic beating of his heart, he had begun to form some sort of attachment to the twins… He had surprised himself thinking about names before crushing the thought, feeling it wasn’t his place…
“HEY! DO YOU UNDERSTAND WHAT I AM SAYING, FREAK?” Bryan shouted, grabbing his arm hard. Malo felt the grip imprisoning him, he was thinking how best manage the situation, he had 2 options either stomping strong enough onto the other boy’s foot or bite the hand and take a run after. But before he could make a decision, a familiar voice came to the rescue.
Molly and Sarah had moved to the countryside a few years ago where Sarah had open her own surgery and this was the first time John and Sherlock had seen them in a month. Both of them looked relaxed, happy and Sherlock thought that maybe the time to retire to sussex would come for him and John too, soon. There was a lot of space in the gardens around the manor to keep bees and John could grow tomatoes and flowers. Leanna could send them cold case form time to time and of course all the children could come to visit.
They had schemed a good breakfast, a mix of traditional English breakfast and some sugar at the end because whatever Sherlock tried to make him believe, he had a sweet tooth!
Sherlock nodded, afraid he might say something that would make John change his mind. He wasn't good with people.
Molly arrived first and soon after everyone else. Lenna was a little shy at first, she wasn't used to so many people.
John Watson, alpha in the 5th Northumberland Fusiliers, doctor, not bonded. He seemed to have taken Sherlock and Leanna under his protection. She wondered what Sherlock had told him. She had wanted to meet him, to convince him that it was in Sherlock and Leanna best interest for them to come back with her. He was an alpha, she could manipulate him. But Moriarty had categorically refused. He said John Watson would never agree to that, he knew the type, so they had to be more cunning. It turned out, Moriarty knew Watson because he had already worked on his profile; someone had paid him to find a way to discredit the man. The only solution he had find had been to eliminate him, all the others thing to try and corrupted him had failed. No, the only way Sebastian Moran could have what he wanted was to kill or hurt the alpha permanently.
“…It’s not about depriving! It’s just…so unbelievable! How Santa could possibly visit all the houses of the world, in one single night!”
And there was Janine. She probably hadn't focused on the man at all, people usually didn't, but maybe she had taken in something unconsciously. He would need to talk to her, even if the thought of it made him sick.
“Leanna!!! Leanna, where are you?” John began to run in the store, searching for green and red, asking people that he crossed if they had seen a little girl in an elf costume. The anguish was more and more intense, he was panicking, where was she, god, please, make her be safe and not in some psychopath’s hands!
“My men are taking care of Moriarty’s body. Noone will know.“ Mycroft crossed his arms behind his back.
John just smiled more, he was pretty sure his love was overflowing and in Sherlock’s eyes, he must appeared like a loon with “I am in love with you” written on his forehead, lucky for him, the detective seemed to like the sight. John could see an answering deep affection in Sherlock relaxed eyes.
“You are bonded to another omega! You can’t stay here with Sherlock! So give him back! What sorry excuse of an alpha are you?”
Sneaking into John's bedroom he took one of his jumpers, hiding it between his own shirts. He needed something that smelled of John, something to hold close at night.
Leanna was excited. She had some recollection of big parties in her ancient big house, where her Grandma lived, but she had been banned from all festivities, her Mama had told her she was too small to celebrate with all the grown ups. Today, she would eat with everyone and Daddy had promised she would be able to play in the room with the guests.
John came home a little relieve. They had made a good choice with Dr Mirakian, he had been very thorough in his advices and exam prescription to assure the health of the baby and mother. Sarah would have a complete check-up.
Sherlock made a decision. This was the perfect time and god, he had wanted it for such a long time. He moved from the window and into their bathroom. He showered for twenty minutes, cleaning himself thoroughly. Wrapped in only his robe, he went to the living room and moved their arm chairs to the sides. It took a while for him to move the large mattress from their bedroom onto the living room floor and he had almost tipped over the Christmas tree. He closed the curtains and got the duvet from their bedroom.
Sherlock suddenly stopped his deduction, “You should tell Clara when she arrives, you need to tell her, and let her do something for you.”
John got up from the floor, pointing to the sports bag on the sofa. “I thought we could do something relaxing. I could go watch the little one and you could get a massage.”
One day, Sherlock snapped, “John! Stop doubting yourself, you’re losing more IQ points each time you ask yourself if you could be a good father!”
Sherlock leaned up and pressed a hard kiss to John's mouth. “I want to, John. The alpha part of me will need some time to get used to the thought of you penetrating me, but I want to.”
“John, always the charmer! And you little girl, you must be Leanna!” Harry took her by the hand and showed her where the other children were already playing. She seemed a little shy first but there were so many toys, she quickly ran with the others.
“Sebastian Moran. I would recognize this scent anywhere. The bastard left it, marked this man with it for me! I am going to kill him!” He screamed.
Oh indeed, John thought before throwing the man on the mattress and lavishing him with love and dedicated attention.
John came back with a new lube bottle and his present for Sherlock. The man had been very obedient and john had a perfect view on his back side. Oh this was going to be such a sweet torture… He sat on Sherlock ass and began to massage his backside, under his finger John could feel muscles quickly surrender, melting under his care. The work of the previous professional masseur had obviously helped to relax all the tension and John soon had a pliant and relaxed Sherlock under him. Time to update his game.
And John saw stars indeed, entire galaxy even in the hot and warm mouth of Sherlock. This wondrous man had challenged him to come in less than two minutes. John didn’t think he had lasted more than one before Sherlock had collected all his seed…
“John” He could feel the grave sound reverberate in his neck, oh what he would do to the man… Some more small kisses and rubbing…
In the bathroom he took of his clothes and stepped under the warm water. His thoughts soon began wandering. John. His handsome, perfect John, all warm and soft, hard and strong and oh... Sherlock could feel himself swelling. The thought of John inside of him, god, he wanted that. The alpha in him was meant to dominate, to take what he wanted and somehow that made the idea of John penetrating him even more alluring. Sherlock was an intellectual and he wasn't afraid of getting what he wanted, even if it went against his nature. And Sherlock wanted to be on his back with John's cock up his arse.
Leanna had grown from a new born to a quiet and observant toddler, dark curls bouncing from her head, pale eyes scanning her environment with an intensity, Sherlock was told, similar to his own. Janine dressed her in the most adorable dresses and put bows in her hair, making her the most adorable child in the world.
Sherlock avoided the topic of Sarah's pregnancy. He told himself there was enough to worry about already, for example the child that was already living in Baker Street, and that needed most of his attention. Or their new relationship that was still developing, still searching itscourse. The pregnancy, the foetus, meant change and things weren't yet stable enough for such a mature step.
No Sherlock loved him. Truly. He couldn’t doubt it. Sherlock had made love to him yesterday. John hadn’t been the only one defenseless then. Something had happened. He had been so vulnerable and afraid… Maybe… Maybe John being attacked hadn’t been the only reason for Sherlock’s fear… The more John thought about it, the more it appeared obvious that Moriarty must be the one behind Sherlock’s irrational fear. That psychopath knew how to elicit this before unknown feeling like no one else in the detective head… or heart...
Sherlock picked up Leanna. He held her tight to his chest. “Mycroft is going to keep you safe, my little lioness. You need to be with him, because Daddy and I need to find Sarah. Moriarty is a bad man and we need to know you’ll be safe while we stop him.”
John wanted to keep this moment engraved in his heart forever, Leanna nestled between him and Sherlock. This could work. They would be his family, his pack. He didn’t need anything else, he felt content, utterly blessed, his inner alpha would have purred if it could. Sherlock was smiling at him while John petted his hair, time could stop now, he didn’t want anything more.
“John, his children, Leanna, Sarah, they will not be hurt. You can end me, but they will live in peace.” Sherlock said.
“Yes, we used our footage of you and made some… lovely adjustments. Sherlock won’t be looking for you because he thinks there is nothing to save. Your death is giving us all the time we need to prepare our escape to our safe place. By the time they  understand, we will be far away.”
Sherlock liked Molly. She was their fourth Nanny and had so far worked well enough for Janine not to fire her after two or three months. Molly sometimes called him when he was on a case and he talked to her and Leanna via face cam. Sometimes he wished he was married to Molly, not because he found her attractive or anything, she was just less annoying than Janine and she treated his little lioness the way Leanna deserved.
Sarah was asked to open the door to the new flat she had bought for herself and the twins. She hadn’t had the time to move in before the abduction and now with the babies it was unlikely that would happen soon.
He could feel Sherlock quietly laughing beside him, “That’s not funny Sherlock!” John admonished after Leanna fled to the living room.
Janine looked up at him and Sherlock was convinced he had seen sadness on her face for a second. “This is the most we talked in five years, Sherlock.” She put her purse next to the sofa, walking towards him and for a second he feared she would try to hug him.
Mummy was mostly angry, Father seemed to be the only one who was worried for Sherlock's safety. So, no surprises there.
His knees hurt a little when he got up, but he would never admit that in front of John and he hugged his eldest daughter as well.
“Can I trust you to tell me if it’s too much, if you need me to stop or take a break?” John wanted to be sure that night would be a very very good one for both of them.
Bliss. It was tight and warm and Sherlock! It was so hard to not take and own right now as his instinct told him to!
“I thought we are over letters from the principle because you had to get Matilda out of something,” he chuckled while opening it.
John tried to explain that he didn’t consider Sarah his omega, it was just Karen petty scolding that went to his head, but Sherlock didn’t let him. John could see that he had closed off and put his detective persona on. He would have to wait and try again to apologise and get through to him. And well, the man was a genius, he probably knew better than himself what was on his mind. It would wait, Sarah was the priority.
Behind him, he could hear Mrs. Hudson murmur something that sounded suspiciously like cute. Sherlock had never been called cute before.
“I'm coming with you”, John then looked at his parents “Mom, Dad, I will see you after”, he put his hand behind Sherlock back and they followed their little girl.
“We’re in the middle of London. I wouldn’t call this fresh air.” John smirked, holding the door open for Sarah and she got in.
“I let you be in charge in bed John, but I won’t let you do it out of it! I let you fuck me, but I won't let you rule over me.“
Sherlock wanted to punch someone. He usually wasn't one for violence, but the doctor had been more than incompetent. He had told him Leanna had a common cold, but his daughter was worse now after the visit at the surgery. He spent the day cuddling her as she napped, looking for flats on his phone. The internet connection at the hotel was horrible and he wanted to yell at the woman at the reception, but he knew he had to keep a low profile.
Leanna giggled. “He didn't. He tried to change the light bulb and fell of the ladder. Both hands are sprained and the leg is broken.”
“I’m not an idiot. I know… I know that killing Moriarty I have condemned Sarah… I will have to learn to live with that guilt… But i can’t live without you Sherlock, not if you had died like that… Not ever...”
“Exactly!!! You are the smartest girl ever! John and I would like to propose Dad or Daddy, what do you think?”
An hour later, they were both clean and clothed. John had found lots of relief in washing off Sarah’s scent; he wouldn’t be completely clean until one day or two, but he didn’t reek of her anymore.
But now Sherlock had upgraded his game, whatever game he was playing, he was walking in the flat, completely nude, only in his sheet. He was going to strangle him… or do him. No, no, no, scratch that, definitely strangle him! Or flee, yes, get out of here!
“Oh, love,” John would whisper, kissing his spine and shoulder blades, “You look so gorgeous like this. Come on, love. Show me.”
“Oh, he must have done. This is ... this is horrible, isn’t it?” He was proud of how convincingly sad he sounded. Well, drama club had its upsides. “I mean, I just can’t believe it. I only saw him the other day. Same old Ian – not a care in the world.”
“Oh? Yes, you are right. Now I recognize him too.” Sherlock got to his feet and pressed a kiss to his boyfriend's cheek. “You really look handsome, John.”
“IF YOU KILL YOURSELF, SHERLOCK.” John covered his face with his right hand. “If you do that people will blame me. They will say I tried to force you into something, or that relationships between Alphas led to suicide because they are unnatural. They'll destroy me, take Leanna from me and in the end, everything will be worse. Objectively.”
John didn’t know how long they kept kissing and kissing. Some of the kisses were  full of passion and hunger, others were soft and reassuring.
It had all been perfect until he began to panic. Sherlock had been so tender, it had been so good to let go and trust Sherlock to take care of him. And he did. He had felt desired, worshipped, loved and it brought so many new sensations, so strong… Too strong, it had become overwhelming… How could he get this age and not know that he could feel so much, he had felt like he didn’t know his own body anymore, he had no control left. And then Sherlock had been inside him and it became too much. Too many inputs, too many feelings… He was falling in the unknown and it had terrified him. The panic so sudden and so intense he hadn’t been able to get control of it.
Janine seemed to enjoy her role as the worried wife and omega, as she got attention from so many people now.
“Sherlock, calm down. I am not angry at all, look at me, you’re right about him and I am definitely not angry. Well, I am angry, but not at you, at him. I hate him!”
Finally the deep voice said “You’re an army doctor, an alpha, used to think quickly under stress, competent, you’ll do. I am Sherlock … Scott. My daughter has had high temperature since this morning, I don’t know what to do anymore!”
He recognised the magnetic stone immediately, but he was surprised by the beautiful changes John had made to it. Well, the jeweller, not John. Now on a simple but elegant leather band, the head of a lioness had been carved into the stone.
“I am serious, John. I suspected…hoped it would be good…but it was so much more …You were in me, you, my alpha, my partner…” Sherlock hide his face in John’s neck, as if talking about his emotions and looking at John at the same time were too much.
Sherlock turned away from him. That cruel face wouldn't be the last thing his eyes would see. He looked into London, now red and golden in the early morning light.
Sherlock kissed him, wholly, without reserve. And John felt himself go, it was good to release everything to Sherlock, let him own his mouth, his tongue… He felt loved. Feeling Sherlock’s desire and possessiveness, John suddenly remembered what the detective had tell him about their sex life…
Sherlock went to the receptionist, Karen, the omega nurse who had been the first to defend him months ago when he had begun the job was here. He could see a flash of fear in her eyes when she saw them. He felt compelled to reassure her.
Sherlock, happy and satiated in his arms, it was the best Christmas of his life. He thought about getting up to clean them, but the even breathing of Sherlock soon lulled him into sleep too.
It was dark when they came home. Leanna had fallen asleep in the cab after a day of running around and swimming and going on slides. John was the one to carry her up the stairs and up to her room.
Sherlock adjusted his arm so he could ruffle one hand through Leanna’s hair. “John and Sarah haven’t picked a name yet. They will, once baby number two is born.”
Sherlock kissed her curls. “They are, little lioness. We will find a flat as soon as you are better, okay?”
John looked at him, pressing a kiss to his chin. “I'm sure, love. I'm not doing this because I think this is our last chance. I want that. I need that, tonight. Please, Sherlock.”
Sherlock had touched John like this before, but never with the intention to penetrate him. For a while, engulfing John's cock into his mouth again, he traced his fingers around the tender skin, before dipping the tip of his index finger in.
They soon were skin against skin and it was perfect. John mouth was occupied by sucking and marking Sherlock where a bondmark would have been while his hand had wandered to the plush ass and grabbed it. John was rewarded by a loud moan, dark and sinful. God, he loved how Sherlock could be so uninhibited with him. He loved hearing his partner moan, lost in pleasure.
The scent of her distressed omega was what led Violet’s way through the dark hallways, up the stairs. She was in an unused and very old part of the Holmes’s Manor. What the hell was going on? Why had her husband decided to go there and what, or rather who, was threatening him?
“Daddy,” she squealed and ran towards an exhausted, but happy looking John. He caught her, held her to his chest. “Hello, little mouse. Did you meet your sister?”
Sherlock didn't answer, nose buried in John's neck, taking in his scent. This was perfect. He wanted this and nothing else and he hated Janine for trying to take it from him.
“Yes?” John saw Sherlock take a big breath and beginning to walk into the living room. He seemed nervous, which surprised John, he had never seen Sherlock nervous before.
“John” Sherlock’s eyes were incredibly soft, “Of course I love you. And obviously I already love your children too… They are so… you and fascinating! They remind me of Leanna when she was a baby… I couldn’t take care and observe her as much I wanted then, I always regretted that… I want you to enjoy every moment, John, and I want to be with you along the way…”
“A date?” And to his horror, he suddenly realised that they never had an actual date. Oh they had had take away, and sometimes dinner at restaurant, but it was always for a case or with Leanna or something else… They had never really wooed each other in the traditional fashion…
“Sherlock, I'm not patronizing you. I'm telling you the truth. Harry will NOT hate you. I already talk about you with her. She knows you are a genius, that you can deduce people and sometimes be a prick about it. But most of all, she knows you are very important to me.”
He heard rustling and he knew the way she tilted her head, when she was thinking. She was probably already her pyjamas, the lilac ones were her favourite at the moment. Molly braided her hair for the night, so brushing it in the morning was easier for the both of them.
“I know, this is very forward of me, but if you want, you can stay at my place. There's a spare room. And the neighbours are mostly quiet, haven't heard a noise from them yet, to be honest.”
The little girl dutifully went on her father’s knees and hugged him strongly, “Papa, why do you hide your scent today?”
“Yes! I have reservation at a very good Italian restaurant. I know the owner, a story I am sure you will like…”
They were already upstairs and Leanna in her bed, when she seemed to remember their conversation from earlier in the evening.
As he walked over, she turned her face away. He smelled horrible, of current jam, gasoline and chlorine. His hands were soft as he turned her face towards him.
“I'll take a shower. Lestrade wants to see me for a murder case later.” His family smiled at him and he couldn't help smiling back.
They took a cab to the café and sat down in the corner furthest from the windows. He ordered tea for himself and a hot chocolate for Leanna, who had already gotten her colouring book out of her backpack. The little one loved colouring and spent half of her time doing it. Right now she was working on a book with forest animals, giving a hedgehog a pink, purple and blue spine.
John felt a wave of very powerful and mixed feelings overwhelming him. Sherlock was asking him to become a parental figure. Not an uncle or a godfather, no. It was…big…And something he wanted, he realised. He wanted to be that for Leanna, he wanted to raise her with Sherlock and be responsible for her.
It took a while. They talked about all their options and possibilities. Mycroft had tried to get hold of Richard Brook and failed, which was a surprise in itself. No one at the newspaper had information on him or on how he had managed to get the article printed and for both of the Holmes brothers, it just screamed Moriarty. Which made the occurrence more difficult. Sure, Sherlock was excited. After months without a sign of life this was an amazing turn in their game, but as it involved his own family, his enthusiasm had decreased.
Sherlock strapped her into her seat. The electric gate to the garage opened automatically and Sherlock took a deep breath before starting the car.
“Sherlock, it was just a bad dream. Janine coming here must have wake up your old insecurities. I promise you, my love, you’re the light of my life, my sun, I want to keep you safe, I love you. I don’t think it’s possible for me to love more than I do. There is nothing, hear me, nothing that could make me give you up. And Leanna. I love your little girl. She is bright, and smart and cute, and funny and…so much like you! Sherlock, look at me, deduce me, you know you can do it, watch me, see how much you mean to me. YOU Sherlock, alpha, detective loving weird experiments YOU. Don’t want anything to change. Don’t let Janine past comment about your work, about the way your mind works, deter you. You are a marvel. I swear I will spend the rest of my life reminding you.”
Molly was sitting on the sofa, at John’s words, she put the coat more tightly around herself. “It’s Sarah’s” She didn’t need to say more, John understood. Without comments, he went on the kitchen to prepare some tea, they were English, tea was answer to everything. And it was a good alibi, being with a sorrowful Molly was hard, John didn’t know how to handle her sadness with his anger.
He didn't tell Lestrade about the cut, knowing it would only cause him to end up at A&E and he wasn't to keen on that. John was a doctor and stitching wounds was his easiest exercise.
And as the sun rose over London making its way through the window and over the floor to their bed, painting their sheets and golden skin, John and Sherlock reached orgasm in each other’s arms and it felt like flying.
Leanna thought hard about what her Sherlock told her and finally said, “Hmm, like Papa, but different?”
“Whatever she has to say, it will impact both of us, we are a couple, and of course I want you with me, dumbass!”
John was out of the bed and dressed within minutes and they hurried downstairs and into the cab Sherlock had called.
“Maybe, but it’s still not your fault Sherlock. Don’t excuse yourself, please. Love, you weren’t wrong. Come, you need to sleep, we both need to sleep, all of this is exhausting to all of us” John coaxed the tall man to their bedroom.
“The doctor Watson hasn’t given his consent to be filmed, I am erasing this material and I hope you will refrain from publishing it.” Sherlock was using his posh and commanding voice, his behaviour radiating alpha and asking submission.
“I'm not complaining.” John stroked his hair, tangling his fingers in it, which sent sparks through Sherlock. Getting his hair pulled always did and his cock, which had been mostly uninterested due to Sherlock's thoughts about Moriarty, began to fill. Softly biting and licking John's left nipple, Sherlock slowly started moving his hips, so that his growing erection rubbed against John's thigh and John's against his belly.
Dropping his robe, Sherlock got underneath duvet, it smelled of a mixture of both his and John's mingled scents, which was enough to start the spark in Sherlock. Hands wandering over his own body, down and down, ignoring his growing erection. Once John was here, Sherlock would lose the patience for preparation and he had the time now, so he started by inserting one finger into himself. He had done this before, mostly while wanking in the shower, so he soon went and added another. In and out. In and out. He wanted John to be here, to watch him as he got ready for his cock. He had thought about the knot before. Alphas only knotted their omegas during heat, it wasn't a part of everyday sex, but Sherlock would never be able to take the knot. An Alpha's body wasn't made for penetration, lacking it's own lubricant and even preparation wouldn't spread Sherlock wide enough for John's swelling. They would have to talk about that, but for their first time this would be enough.
They had agreed to not talk about the trial with Janine and the exact circumstances of the heat. Sarah didn’t want it to be written in her medical record. She didn’t want the stigmata of rape for her, John and the future baby. There had been articles about what happened, but noone needed to know it was them.
“That, my love, is where revenge comes into play. You didn't think I would let you get away with his, did you? Mr. Moriarty was so kind to replace her suppressants with a placebo. Our plan is perfectly timed. We lured John into her flat via text. Locked them both in. Her heat started yesterday evening. Jim sent me audio proof. Sounds like the two of them are having fun. Wanna hear it?”
Now, in his bed in Baker Street Sherlock loved his birthday, because under the duvet John Watson was bobbing his head in a slow rhythm and all was hotwetperfect. John had set the alarm clock to 5am just for this, just so he could wake Sherlock with a blow job.
Sherlock’s voice was deep and composed, John could concentrate on it and control his anger, tame it. The detective was rubbing his back, small circles that soothed him… Until he jerked himself out of it like it burned him. How could he find comfort when Sarah was being kept somewhere…
“It's okay. I'm sure you'll pay me back later tonight.” With that, the sound of John's steps moved away.
“Time for bed, little doctor.” Sherlock got to his feet. This sudden emotion was too much for him, he couldn't bear to be in a room with John anymore, he had to flee, centre himself.
Once installed before the desk, Dr Mirakian asked, “So, you’re here for the 1st pregnancy appointment”, he looked at Sarah’s electronic medical record, “you’re 30 years old omega and it’s your 1st pregnancy, right? And you are?” He asked looking at John.
John smiled again, taking his white coat off. “Well, yes. You're right about that. Let me just get my jacket.”
“YES!!! We found a lot of Santa’s accessories, see, I chose myself the stockings where I will have my gifts! I will work with Santa and be a real elf!”
Violet Holmes sat in the chair behind the desk, wearing a blue blouse and, Sherlock could only guess from where he was standing in the door, dark trousers. A movement from the opposite corner and in the next moment Sherlock was being pulled into a hug, the comfort of his father's scent surrounding him.
Crossing his arms in front of his chest, John leaned against the kitchen counter almost casually, but the anger made him dangerous and Sherlock could see why seemingly ordinary John had become the dominant alpha of his army pack.
John squared his shoulder, getting himself into soldier mode to prepare himself, “But there is more, what is it doctor?”
“What about Malo?” Molly finally asked. She hadn’t spoken for a while, probably gathering courage to make the proposition.
Sherlock pushed the small button and the back of the watch opened to reveal a little compass. But there was a second pointer besides the indication to the North that was pointing to Sherlock.
John didn’t have a job anymore. Considering the altercation with Roger and the media storm around his relationship with another alpha, he was more a liability than an asset to the clinic. If this situation had first angered him, he could now see the advantages too. He was free to follow Sherlock even if right now they were keeping a low profile. Being jobless wasn’t easy for him but it had its perks!
Reaching behind him, Sherlock took John's cock in his hand and slowly, John's mouth still on his, Sherlock sank down on it.
“You will be back in Sussex in two days at the most, or I will tell your parents where they can find you. And of course, I will call lovely Moran.”
Sherlock knew that the best lies were those closest to the truth, especially with a toddler around, who didn't get the concept of a lie quite yet. And why shouldn't he be honest, except for the fact that he had to hide a few facts about his identity, like his second gender and surname? He couldn’t risk it all…
The thought hurt. They were great, as partners, as parents. This wouldn't end, not because of a stupid a veterinarian with a scalpel. Still, Sherlock was to stubborn to just give in now. He wasn’t wrong in his admonishment… John had to see that…
John didn’t answer. He knew that. But it still stung, even if he knew he shouldn’t direct his annoyance at Sherlock but to the situation they were in…
They went into the house where a little boy, about 11 months was crying in his father’s arms. “I don’t understand why he keeps crying like that, as soon as I calm him, he starts again”. John did a brief examination on him but didn’t find anything physically wrong. Sherlock came over and whispered, “I think he is afraid because he doesn’t recognize his father’s scent. Look at his nose, the idiot father must have eaten curry, its components interact with the chemical in the scenting gland. He should give him the old sweatshirt from his car, it contains his smell.”
He traced her belly with his index finger and she tried to squirm away from him. “Your little babies will have to pay the price. Understood?”
John wiped Sherlock tearing eyes, and covered his love with small kisses in all this adorable face. John knew Sherlock’s comment was a joke, a way to diffuse the tension, but the idea of a proposal had been planted, if it could calm Sherlock’s insecurities, he should think about it… It was to early now, of course, but some day.
“Your fucking child. She will end up being a freak like you. Already looks like you. Little freakish girl. Scared off one nanny after another. And you blame me for not getting along with her.”
A ring, putting a ring on Sherlock’s finger… Letting Sherlock put one back… A way to show the world they belonged to each other…
John looked at his sister, who laughed back at him before taking away her girlfriend to see the other guests.
“Nineteen eighty-nine, a young kid – champion swimmer – came up from Brighton for a school sports tournament; drowned in the pool. Tragic accident. You wouldn’t remember it.”
They lived with Sherlock's parents. Well, they had their own flat in the Holmes' manor, with a kitchen, living room and bathroom downstairs and the bedroom's upstairs. The floors where connected by a flight of winding stairs. They had kept most of the old furniture, as it just fitted perfectly with the wood panel walls and paintings from the 18th century. The rooms were light, huge windows giving a view to the gardens and the forest behind them. Sherlock had been born in the very room his parents still slept in and he had spent his whole childhood here.
They stumbled to their feet and made their way through the kitchen, still kissing, fingers loosening buttons and stroking over naked skin, revealed from underneath the fabric of their shirts. Whispered endearments against swollen lips and flushed cheeks.
In the evening, the fever went up to 40° and Leanna wouldn't stop crying. Sherlock had to force himself not to panic. He googled the nearest hospital and went to the A&E, where they told him to wait again. He really wanted to punch someone!
“Sherlock, hummm, what you said, oooh stop kissing me just a second, please,” When the man was looking at him again, he continued, “You, hmm, is there something about our sex life you’re…frustrated about? You talked about it when we fought… I don’t think it’s nothing… What did you really mean?”
They had spent a few minutes in silence, both watching Leanna as she sat on the floor, colouring again.
“I am …” He didn’t finish his sentence when the nurse had already fled his office. His name was Peter if he remembered correctly. He must have been present in the pub, or worse, rumours had spread. Alphas weren’t very common in the health sector, except in surgery maybe.
Sherlock had to congratulate himself again. The day at the planetarium had been fun, but now that he had John next to him in a cab on the way to Angelo's, Sherlock was excited like a teenager. Their first proper date as a couple and John looked ….amazing. John in jeans and a shirt was handsome, John in a suit was a sight for the gods and for a moment Sherlock had reconsidered leaving the flat. But, there would be enough time for sex after dinner.
“Oh my god. Sherlock, I am just so angry! This worm stole my pack once and he is trying to do it again. I want to kill him slowly, make him regret ever going against me!”
There was a jewellery thief and there was a chase and a scalpel and when Sherlock came home, there was an angry John Watson.
Suddenly, he wanted to see that face again, all for him, lost in music, in his arms, everything else on hold for as long as the song lasted… Bloody hell, Sherlock was right, he was a romantic too! Whatever, he quickly opened his laptop and searched for a slow music.
Sherlock woke up sprawled across John, drooling onto the pillow next to John's ear. This was probably very uncomfortable for his partner, but right now Sherlock didn't care and the doctor was still asleep and unable to complain. With a content sigh, Sherlock buried his face in John's neck. Not opening his eyes, he determined that it had to be around half past seven, they had slept almost eight hours.
John immediately turned around in Sherlock's arms to look at him. The kiss was a hard press of lips without any finesse.
It wasn’t a surprise to see an alpha lose his patience and become aggressive, especially against another alpha. But it wasn’t what John wanted to be defined by. This alpha’s unpredictable aggressiveness. His colleagues were wary of him because experience told them to be cautious with short tempered alphas. Most of them probably didn’t even understand why an alpha would become aggressive just because someone insulted omegas. In their eyes he had to be a little unstable, and potentially dangerous. He was lucky Sarah was his boss and she had put some effort into getting to know him. Anyone else and he would have been jobless the moment he touched Roger.
She was an omega, a mother and still independent. And there was Molly, wonderful, kind Molly who was first suggested as a nanny when the twin-bomb had exploded, who had become a friend and then... Sarah felt herself smile at the thought of last night. Oh, and this morning, just before they had left to drop Molly off at Baker Street. The little Holmes spent two days a week with her so her busy fathers could work and sometimes Sarah came to visit them after work.
“You can't take this away from her, Mycroft.” The detective folded his hands under his chin, watching his brother intensely.
Mrs. Hudson was already awake and he asked her to keep an eye on Leanna. Then he stepped onto the pavement and into the cool London morning. He would need reading material to prepare. First, he needed to find out if John even wanted to kiss him and as he had failed to make a deduction about the state of his flatmates feelings for him, there had to be another way. Secondly, Janine was the only person he had ever slept with and that only ever happened when she was in heat and his inner alpha took over. He had never kissed anyone before, so if John wanted him, Sherlock didn't want to disappoint him.
It was Mycroft who made it possible for Sherlock to meet up with Molly. He had hesitated to contact her. She wasn't a very strong person and he feared Mummy Holmes or Janine could manipulate her into revealing their whereabouts.
They reached Charing Cross Station a few minutes after midnight and it took Sherlock a while to find an adequate Hotel, Leanna now whimpering and sniffling, as he carried her to their room.
“He will have to go back to Mummy. I don't want to, but we will have to. But I promise to you, I will be there for you. You will never be alone again. Never. I know I have left you alone with her way to often. Not anymore. I promise. I love you. I promise.”
“I saw you, John, you are watching Sarah intensely. And if I did, don’t delude yourself, Sherlock did too! Why do you think he hasn’t left your side until now? Must be hard for both of you… I just wanted to know if…you were okay, you and Sherlock.” Harry tentatively explained.
“... I like the sound of that name. I don’t think I heard it before. How do you know that name? Sarah asked.
John was happy. He knew finding a good balance between them would be difficult sometimes. But he had never back down when challenged, they will find a way to be fulfilled both as alphas and lovers.
“What do you mean they don’t want to.”  John growled. Anger was his default emotion when he felt under duress… And it was too much… He had been under pressure too long for him to be able to control his temper anymore.
Alpha scent filled the kitchen and crawled into every crack and gap. John's anger smelled like gunpowder, sharp and metallic and Sherlock had to force himself not to turn away.
He looked down at the little face, all scrunched up and wrinkly. Her blue eyes looked up at him, but he knew she couldn’t really see him.
“I do. And I... Seeing how happy she is...” Molly smiled, one of her smiles that always looked a little sad. “... I'm starting to understand why you left. Never heard her talk so much, she used to be so quiet.”
“You always think about your own pleasure last.” Out of John's sight, Sherlock had started preparing himself, pressing finger after finger inside. He needed John.
“Mycroft Holmes only knows about me because you told the omega bitch about me. As a pressure point. I lost my fucking pack because of that.”
“Don’t think about it anymore, I forgive you. We were both very clumsy in how we defended our position and we just angered each other more…Let’s forget the hurt and just remember to communicate more, we let our frustration build and it exploded five days ago. I should have been more careful of that… I felt frustrated each time you put yourself in danger without telling me or someone else, but I never really told you before. Seeing your injury I lost it. I was already angry because you hadn’t answered your texts and…with Moriarty…I was worried… I always am, always will be… But it’s not your cross to bear. I won’t try to control your actions, I promise…”
“Good. Mostly. Overwhelmed but that’s normal, we hadn’t thought of that possibility, with her being on suppressants for so long… Sherlock, are you okay with it? I mean, two babies… So much more…”
Sherlock was the first to wake up, the infuriating git! He had a serious look on his face, betraying some hard thinking process.
With that he just walked away, John following with a worried look on his face. He caught up when Sherlock reached the cab that had been waiting for them.
John was sure his heart stopped beating for a second. “What… What did you do to Sherlock? If you hurt him, I swear, I will end you.”
Sherlock had spent the whole day packing, forcing himself not to think about John. He failed. Everything in the flat reminded him of the man he loved.
But John wasn’t listening. There was a distinctive scent lingering on the sleeping man. A smell which sent him back to more than a year ago in Afghanistan.
John had begun to write a blog about their adventures like his parents had suggested. But if there had been some good comments and supports, there had been several hateful ones too that he had censured. John knew he wasn’t handling the whole judgement and disapproval vibes they were subject to as well as Sherlock. He craved acceptance, to be considered as someone good for the society… It had been one of his motivations to enlist in the army. To protect… Sherlock didn’t believe in heros, he didn’t seek to be one and wasn’t even conscious he was one nonetheless. John had been a war hero, soldier and saviour… Before the scandal he had finally found a new identity that he liked, a good doctor and a warrior at Sherlock’s side when they went on cases together. The duality of his personality was thriving. But it had all stopped with their unwanted coming out. He lost his job as doctor as well as the cases with Sherlock. He had no ground to hold him anymore.
“John, you’re back earlier than I expected…” Sherlock grave tone resonated inside the doctor. He didn’t want to talk, sometime action was better than words, and following his own advice, he took forcefully those plump lips.
The door to 221 opened and the two curly-heads stepped out. Sherlock gestured them to join them on the pavement, opening the door.
Moriarty left no clues, which was a clue in itself. Clever, aware, criminal intentions. Sherlock found a finger print on the bathroom mirror. He had a name and an imprint of the unique pattern on Moriarty's index finger. Still, arresting him would be difficult, Sherlock knew that much.
There it was, the panic, hot and cold and she felt the need to throw up, only to find herself gagged.
“Yes, love?” He took off his gloves to pet her hair and she leaned into him. “Nana said mummys and daddys have a baby because they love each other really much. But Daddy loves you, why does he have a baby with Sarah?”
“I…I created two stones who resonate to each other, like a magnet, if not too far, the little pointer will indicate where is the second stone. I will be wearing it…So we will always be able to…find each other…” Sherlock pulled out of his own pocket a little grey stone and effectively, the compass followed Sherlock in the room.
Sherlock felt reminded of the first time they had been here, after their first big case together. It had been the evening of their almost kiss. Now, Sherlock could kiss John whenever he felt like it. He lifted the doctor's hand from the table to kiss his knuckles and John's smile was so warm and full of love, Sherlock's stomach fluttered.
Sherlock kissed him and god, he loved kissing John every time a little more. Before John he had thought that kissing was ridiculous and tedious and that he would tire of it if he ever tried. No, kissing was his favourite thing next to murder.
He had totally lost it. He had assaulted another doctor. Made everyone afraid of him. He had indeed became a rogue, angry and uncontrollable alpha at his workplace.
So, he send a mail to Professor Adler, expert on second genders and bonds. They had worked together on a case years ago. He gave her all he had found out and the thesis he had come up with. She didn’t seem too interested at first, but contacted him weeks later. They talked over the phone and she really considered doing a study on the topic.
The morning went well, he already knew how to write his name and all the letters so he had finished his work early and was one of the first to be able to go to the playground. He decided that he would wait for his sister who was playing with Emma. Soon, a boy from his class came to play with him and Malo had never felt more happy. He may had his first friend! The boy’s name was Kyle and they were soon running around the playground together.
Sherlock looked up from the newspaper article John had just shoved in his face. Usually, mornings were quiet in 221B. John would make tea and eat some toast while reading his beloved newspapers and Sherlock would do experiments, sometimes he had been doing so for hours before John woke up. This morning was different and Richard Brook was responsible for it.
There was Dr Harris' voice, giving orders as he cared for a man bleeding from a chest wound. He was the second best after John. John. She could see him in front of her inner eye, had watched him before, covered in blood, concentration on his face. His eyes would be squinted from concentration and nothing would keep him from doing his very best to save his patient.
“Sherlock, love!” John pushed Sherlock until his back was against the fridge, “Will you… will you let me?”
“Of course,” Sherlock couldn't help but smile. Four months. The most difficult and most happy in his life.
John couldn’t believe what he heard, how could she believe he would sacrifice Leanna to have peace with Janine! And what kind of life did Janine believe she would give Leanna? As if material things could replace love and attention? John reacted. He put his hand around her neck in a second and squeezed to make her STOP. SPEAKING.
Since his move into Baker Street a month ago, John had seen Ella only once. He hadn’t made a new appointment and he didn’t feel particularly hurried to do so.
“Mr. Holmes, sir. An Irish fellow gave me this. Said he'd be in touch.” She handed him a package and turned to leave. Sherlock grabbed her jacket.
“You... you amazing, amazing, utterly brilliant man. God, Sherlock, the things you do for me, for Sarah. I love you.” John kissed him deeply. “I love you so much. I wasn't sure whether you even want Sarah to have this child and now you...god.” Deep kisses again and John poured all of his gratefulness and love into them and they were intoxicating.
John closed his eyes and tried to unclenched his fist. When he opened it again, he saw that Molly had fallen asleep beside Sarah. She had their fingers intertwined. Molly had been great at calming her mate, it had been beautiful, heart warming after all the stress to watch the two women find each other, hugging and kissing. Now that he saw them together, he wondered how he hadn’t seen how their fast friendship would evolve to love. Molly, usually so quiet and unsure of herself had disappeared, she wasn’t shy asking and organising Sarah’s well being and comfort.
“NO! I… Just a lot… So much information…but don’t stop, just… just give me a moment…” Sherlock panted.
John was surprised by Sherlock mentioning Leanna’s mother. Since they had lived here, Sherlock hadn’t said anything about her and John didn’t want to pry. When he was ready, he would tell him more. Maybe he would finally know more about his wife and even be able to do something tangible to protect them from her.
Sherlock opened his mouth and hesitated before explaining. “The Alpha part, a little luck there, there was the nurse’s behaviour with you and where you are positioned in the photography, I thought you were their alpha. I was right obviously”.
John felt ecstatic. Sherlock wanted to stay. Sherlock wanted to stay here. With his daughter. With him.
“And if that doesn't convince you, I advise you to look up Sebastian Moran. He's the leader of John's former pack now. And do you know how he got there? He shot your handsome, little doctor. It wasn't a stray bullet. We can do that again, make it look like an accident. And this time he won't survive, just to make that clear. Moriarty knows Moran quite well. They will find a way.”
“Ah.. ehhm. It's like when I call you little lioness. A nickname,” he stuttered, taking the fruit from his daughter so she could climb on the chair again.
It was a simple waltz, but John felt his nerves tingle everywhere he could touch Sherlock. It was lovely, and nerve-wracking… He had Sherlock literally in his arms. He should have paid attention to those dancing courses his mum insisted on when he was young; he wouldn’t feel so much like a fish out of water…But Sherlock truly was a good dancer and bit by bit, he relaxed and let himself be guided. Soon, the dance floor emptied, as people just watched them dancing. It should have been embarrassing, but right now, John didn’t give a fuck.
John looked at the car driving away with a heavy heart. Mycroft was the safest choice for their little girl, but it would be so hard without her. Besides him, he could see Sherlock’s stiff back. It must be so hard for him… But for some obscure reason, he couldn’t go to him, offer his arms and reassurance to the detective. He just couldn’t move.
“I am sorry, John, it should have been a nice evening… Roger is usually not so bad; I think he feels a little threatened by you. He is an alpha but never has been the head of a pack, and he knows you could do his job better than him… After everything you’ve lived, I…”
It took him embarrassingly long to notice she had gone and he just stood there, brain racing with uncoordinated thought as the pain slowly set into every part of his body. He was frozen in his place, didn’t react to the paramedics attempt to get him out of the room. He didn’t follow John, as his mate left with Sarah to the hospital. Even his fast, amazing brain hadn’t caught up with the fact that Sigur Holmes, the man who had given birth to him, had been shot in the attempt to save a girl he didn’t know and who had turned out to be Sarah Sawyer. Sherlock had seen the relief in John’s face when he had seen the mother of his children alive and for a second he had felt the same, until he had noticed his mother and the blood.
Sherlock, the genius did just that, “John, please don’t cry.” He cradled John’s head in his big hands, his thumbs drying the last tears and soothingly took him against him, John’s head nestled in Sherlock’s neck where the smell was the more potent. It worked wonders to calm him and John finally found his voice again.
John closed his eyes to try and stop the flow of anguish the mere idea of Sherlock being in danger had provoked. It was his job to make sure the detective stayed safe.
John’s parents loved the book and promoted it a lot through their organisation which had grown over the years. Their protest marches and peaceful gatherings were always loud and colourful and Sherlock was sure, they would be heard one day.
The wind was surprisingly cold for spring and Sherlock pulled his coat closer as he stepped onto the roof. The sun was still on its rise, but the city beneath had woken up long ago, had never been fully asleep. Sherlock loved London, had from the first moment he had visited it as a child. He wondered if Leanna would love growing up here, if John would... The thought was too painful. He wouldn't know. He wouldn’t survive this.
But there’s still mud on them. They look new. Molly sat down on one of the tables. She was still pale and looked like she could start crying at any moment.
Sherlock didn't answer; he knew he didn't need to. Phone back on the night stand, he shifted in John's arms and turned the doctor onto his back, kissing down the sleep warm skin. He would show up in the afternoon, but he would smell of John and sex if only to shock his mother. That wasn't why he intended to wake John with a blowjob, Sherlock simply loved sucking him off, but it was a little bonus.
Sherlock clearly read too many magazines but John would not tease him about it now, definitely wouldn’t do to shoot himself down by vexing his love! And well, all the romance and arrangements were, without the shadow of a doubt, working for him. He didn’t need to be seduced but it was nice nonetheless, and very, very sexy…
“Sherlock?” The bedroom was in the same state as the rest of the flat, the bed upside down, not a stick of furniture having been spared. In the chaos, John almost didn’t see the man curled up in one of the corner of the room.
“Well… It is a reminder that we really have to put our mind to find names for real!” Sarah observed.
John got up first and took the adorable little girl in his arms. He hoped she hadn’t heard anything. “Come, sweetheart, let's make some hot chocolate for you.”.
“Good morning little Elf, come with me, we will find a place to put it. Papa is cooking, we shouldn’t disturb him. Cooking is a science from what I have heard!”
John was still asleep in front of the fireplace, as the sun slowly set outside, a few snowflakes falling from the sky as London attempted winter. John looked young in his sleep, almost innocent and no one would have expected that this ordinary looking blond had just fucked another alpha into the mattress. God, Sherlock could still feel him inside, thick and hot, moving slow and fast and dragging his perfect cock over Sherlock's prostate over and over again. It had felt like an invasion at first and Sherlock had wanted him out, just out so he could flip them over to instead shove himself inside John, show him who the alpha was. But his wonderful John had given him all the time he had needed to adjust, lulled Sherlock's inner alpha and his need to dominate to sleep with kisses and whispered confessions of love. Sherlock had melted like butter under him, accepting him into his body slowly.
“As I expected”, Sherlock grumbled and John clenched his hands into fist next to him. “Moriarty is clever, that's what Mycroft always forgets.”
They fell to the bed, Sherlock's knees spread as he kneeled over John, their kissing becoming more heated by the second. The doctor's hands stroked his back, wandering deeper, resting at the small of his back.
“I have never been known to be kind, Mycroft. Let your assistant make the tea, that is what she is for.”
“Yeah, thank you again. I live with her and her father” John felt obliged to explain. Seeing a little suspicion in her eyes, John suddenly felt dreadful, he had no way to prove Leanna was with him and if the lady wanted, she could make a scene…
“John. Take a big breath and stop being so stubborn! You know Sherlock, he won’t know how to talk to you. You are avoiding him, you have to make the first move, you’re supposed to be the mature one! John. You’re just unproductively stubborn here! You had a fight. No big deal. But you need to clear the air, and make compromises for god sake! Stop moping!”
“Hmm, I admit I like the prospect… but later… I spent too much time organising this night, we are going!”
Sherlock hadn’t come, he was on a case with Lestrade, but he wondered if it hadn’t been more convenient than anything. The detective was hiding something, John was sure of that. There were new worried lines on the face he knew by heart. He wanted to give him time to express his feelings, well he hoped so, he didn’t want to push his lover but only time will tell if it was the right choice.
Sherlock was beaming now, “That’s true, love, what do you think about finding a special word for your John?”
“John”, Sherlock’s voice was dark and heavy from arousal, “John, can I?” Sherlock’s hand had migrated to John’s bottom and was shyly asking, probing at his vulnerable entrance.
Suddenly, the anger was gone and there was worry in John's voice. “Oh god. Are you just letting me... inside you because you think I need it? Because I don't. Need it, I mean. If you don't like it we can... I just thought...”
There were a few moments of silence in which Molly walked closer to them. Sherlock knew he was missing something and that he needed John's help. It was hard to admit that in front of Molly that's why his request sounded more rude than he had intended it to be.
With that he walked away. He knew he shouldn't be this excited, but he loved the puzzles. Moriarty probably knew he did.
“I was teasing your dad, don’t worry I know he is very clever, and very kind” Sarah immediately explained, “I was joking.”
