Steve flinched. Sometimes he wondered if Nat knew more than she was letting on, but he couldn’t dwell on it. He was paranoid enough already. “Okay, check-in every fifteen minutes through comms, we’ll meet here in two hours. Understood?”
“We’re not cuddling. This is a professional interaction,” Tony said, not moving one inch. Steve nodded in agreement, but he began standing up anyway. “Really, Stevens? Okay, fine, let’s go help our useless friends.”
“I studied Danvers’ ship a lot, there were files from the Pegasus Project I deftly acquired, and well, I’m a genius. I’m sure that’d be enough”
The man jumped out of the bed, grabbing his glasses and putting them on. He was wearing a very ratty t-shirt with even rattier sweatpants. “Wait, was that your bed? I… hoped it wasn’t.”
Steve smiled a little, but nobody replied. Natasha was still curled up in a seat, holding her knees close to her chest, and Tony was still leaning against the glass. Steve could see the curve of his smile and his shining eyes fully focused on the space station reflected on the window. Clint and Laura huddled together near the back of the cockpit and even Strange remained silent.
The boulder suddenly creaked and then there was a gaping hole in the middle of it. A hole that showed a dark green tongue and very sharp teeth. Steve reached for his shield but… of course it wasn’t there.
Steve decided to wait until Rhodes was there before eating, even if his stomach kept rumbling. But it would be rude to dive in, especially since Rhodes was one of the only responsible members of the crew.
The files had whited out the names of the agents involved in the Danvers incident, but Steve was sure Fury had been one of them now. “Plenty of bad people too, then,” he said instead of inquiring about it. There was no need. Maybe he’d get to ask Danvers herself.
. It was the most delightful torture he had ever had to endure, right from the beginning. No matter how many times he had gone over their conversation, he hadn’t pinpointed the moment it had derailed from discussing plans for a birthday party to Steve admitting he had fantasies of being tied up and fucked by strangers. And Tony, because Tony was an idiot, had volunteered to arrange it, laughing about his extensive sexual history and about how good he was at logistics and about his contacts and now he was here, slowly dying of thirst in his favorite sex club.
In the morning, he’d be okay with that. But now, with Steve still needing him, he had to go with his gut.
“At least now we both are tied down to our fate. If you were me, before, then you know what you’re supposed to do too. Don’t you understand how I feel like a puppet? Like I have no choice and no idea of what I'm supposed at the same time?”
He opened one eye — just to check if Steve was okay — and saw a man sinking into Steve’s cock and throwing his head back with a pleased laugh. Another one sat on Steve’s face and Steve… he could only imagine his tongue pushing against that asshole, with the same zeal he brought to everything he did. The wet spot on the front of his pants kept growing, but he ignored it. He had promised Steve he’d take care of him and he would do so.
“If you don’t hurry up, you’re going to die.” His voice broke at the end and he gripped Tony’s arm tighter. “Nat, how long until we hit the docks?”
“I built a sensor,” Bruce said with a smirk. “I saw you take one of the radio communicators yesterday, so I rigged a device that could detect that radio frequency.”
“Something like that. Why are we talking about my life? You still haven’t told me anything about aliens.”
He put his hands on top of Tony’s shoulders. There was muscle under there, surprisingly. “You’re not going to be alone out there! You can’t do everything on your own.”
Steve couldn’t speak — he just licked his lips. Tony put his hand around his dick and smiled with all the smugness of a guy who just discovered Captain America wanted him. ‘Watching you. I loved that. How pliant you were. You were so good: letting them do whatever they wanted, letting them fuck you and come all over you and now you’re… damn, look at you. You’re a mess.’
Because they had no money and no extra staff, they had to load their baggage themselves. It was hard to pretend he was making a lot of effort, but it was better if nobody noticed how strong he was. Besides, if he handled his own things, nobody would notice the shield.
So he told Fury and then he waited until the information reached up through the chain of command. It took a week for the other man to show up at his apartment, wearing civilians clothes instead of the dark uniform he had been wearing the first few times. It looked incongruous somehow. It reminded Steve of the life he was supposed to be living.
Clint dropped his fork on his empty plate. “Right. Do you want us to say you were right all along? Fine. You were right all along. We’re just a bunch of kids and you know better.”
She raised her eyebrows. “Because he’ll find it very irresistible. The jacket, I mean. But it’s missing a certain something…” she said. She took off her own sunglasses and put them on Steve’s face. “Ta-dah! Now you’re ready for your date.”
Which meant Tony would have to be the responsible one. First, he took his shirt off. Then… even if Steve was too far gone to care, Tony knew he’d regret it if he woke up with dry come on his chest. So he cleaned Steve up with his shirt and threw it down to the floor.
“Oh, come on. Stevens,” she said and turned towards Steve. “Tell him this is inappropriate and unprofessional.”
‘There wasn’t…’ Tony began and then his eyes went wide. Steve went fully red and disappeared up the stairs, still carrying the ice cream. Tony was still frozen in place.
Steve couldn’t begrudge Strange his annoyance. He understood the itching for a problem to arise, the need for something to happen, but he had to find better avenues to channel that. His first step would be to up the training even more and he knew how to start. His speed bag was still waiting at the bottom of his crate, so one non-descript morning, he grabbed and nailed it to the Security corner’s ceiling.
Steve pictured himself for six long months, being known as ‘Stevens’. It made him sick to his stomach, but he couldn't be 'Steve', not for a long time. “Call me… call me Grant.”
Before Steve could speak, Stark sighed. ‘Fine. You caught us. It’s not about business.’ What? Was he selling Steve out? Stark put his arm around Steve’s waist. ‘Steve’s a… friend.’
The small place was full of training gear, but the tests were nothing new for Steve — reflexes, strength, stamina. He aced them all, as he knew he would.
“It’s okay. I don’t need much,” Clint said. “And the most important thing, well, she’s there already.”
That was the job of the lucky guy who had now replaced the pretty one. He had an even bigger dick, so big he had to take his time pushing into Steve. Did Steve like that? The burning stretching sensation? Did he enjoy the smell of somebody’s crotch against his nose? The hands pressing down on his hips? Or the way the restraints stretched his shoulders to their limits?
After dinner — they had instant ramen, which was the only thing Steve had learned to cook in the future and Natasha didn’t seem to know much about cooking either —, Steve found his room locked. Damn it. He wanted to sleep and he needed the privacy of his own dreams. He knocked, louder than was necessary, but nobody answered from inside. Fuck it. If his roommate didn’t care… he had to get inside his room somehow. He shrugged and twisted the doorknob until there was a click that told him the lock had given out. It was okay. He deserved the rest and he’d explain it the next morning if Pepper or Tony asked — they’d understand. The door swung open and Steve peered inside. There was a curly mop peaking under the sheets of the bottom bed.
“Right. If only we were only as charming as you, we wouldn’t have gotten kicked out,” Strange said as he stood up and brushed the dirt off his uniform.
“Sit down, Mr… Stevens.” He followed orders and tried to dispel the odd notion that she suspected something was up. The identity was designed to pass any background check, so she couldn’t know who he was, right? “Welcome and pleased to meet you.”
Hank Pym hadn’t come alone — there was a brunette girl around Tony’s age hidden behind him. Steve guessed she was Pym’s daughter, Hope. She was dressed like she was all business, her crisp suit contrasting Laura’s flannel shirt and Natasha’s torn clothing. “Which is why you should let me join,” she said.
An alarm blared and they all stopped laughing. Steve knew what it meant — ship was ready for take-off.
The monotony was broken by the echoes of Kree voices in the distance. They were getting closer and closer and Nat was so far away she was almost out of sight.
“It wasn’t… all the things you said were embarrassing too and that wasn’t a proper plan for dealing with Skrulls. We should’ve prepared.”
How arrogant could Tony be? That plan would only get him killed: he was too slow and he’d be too visible. He wasn’t stupid, so why would he want to be vulnerable?
He wasn’t the only one who made them train — Tony would end each day drilling them on the spaceship’s schematics and giving them lessons on what they knew about space. There were some insane theories about rainbow bridges that Steve thought sounded stupid, but stranger things had happened. The lessons would end when the first of them fell asleep. After that, Tony would stay awake until dawn, pouring over the star charts. He wasn’t as reckless as he pretended to be, so Steve let him sleep in and skip the worst of his training.
“No!” Steve said. That was not… Tony just made him lose his patience. That was all. “That’s… I hear Kree voices. About a dozen, 200 yards or so ahead.”
He tightened his hand around Steve’s throat, just a bit, and put the other hand on top of Steve’s head.
‘So… hm…’ Tony began, but Steve hummed instead of saying anything. ‘Is this an okay time to ask you out?’
‘I can’t wait for your cock,’ he said and bucked his hips against his own fingers. He whimpered — it didn’t feel that good, but he wanted to see how Steve would react. Would he break something? Take matters on his own hands?
‘I… you weren’t enjoying yourself,’ Steve mumbled. His eyes were still closed and he was… well, he was trying to nuzzle against Tony’s crotch. That couldn’t happen, so Tony gently pushed him away. ‘Had to stop.’
When his hand went to his back, it found nothing. The shield wasn’t there — it was at the bottom of his things, hidden and useless. Leaving it on the ship had been a mistake. Forgetting there was a war going on had been an even bigger one.
Steve put a hand on Tony’s waist and silently cursed himself when he realized his mistake. People didn’t dance like this anymore, but Tony didn’t seem to mind. He put his arms around Steve’s neck and began swaying with the music. Compared to the way everybody else was moving, he knew they weren’t being graceful, but he didn’t care. All he cared about was Tony’s small smile and the way nothing else mattered.
This would be his first mission. He couldn’t ruin it or Fury would have his hide. It was simple enough: meet contact, pass him the files, leave the place, return to his sad hotel room, await further orders. Not what he had imagined when he joined Project Rebirth, but he’d prove himself to Fury. He knew it.
“That was my… that was my coffee and that was rude,” she said, but she didn’t try to get her coffee back.
“I can’t… you know what? I believe you. Follow me,” Tony said, before squirming through a crack in the wall. Steve almost got stuck, but at least there were no soldiers on the other side — in fact, there was barely anything. It was an empty big space with run-down walls and a big door on the other side. A warehouse, probably.
‘Mon capitain, your frown is much less impressive when your face is covered in my come,’ Batroc said and threw his head back, laughing.
Steve put a hand on Rhodes’ shoulder. “Yes. You know him. He’s too much of a dick to give up this easily.”
“That’s true about the bed and the food, but I can’t ask for any better teammates,” Steve said and was surprised when he realized he meant it.
They were in the only communal space on the ship that wasn’t a workspace. They’d eat there — there was kitchen equipment against a wall and a table in the middle —, hang out — two comfortable sofas in dark colors, crates full of books and music albums and board games — and maybe even train. You could access everywhere in the ship through that space — two hallways lead to their rooms, a door to the cargo bay and another one to the cockpit. But there weren’t any windows, only a big domed skylight on top of the table.
He hadn’t bothered to look at the neat pile of things at the feet of his bed, but he knew what was there — everything he had been found with. His suit. His shield. His compass.
“I can live with that…” Steve said and gripped the blanket. “Do you… maybe we can go back for the carnival.”
They didn’t talk after that. Steve hoped Tony would let it go, but when he sat down for dinner, he realized Tony liked to nurse grudges. The broken chair was on top of the table surrounded by crude paper flowers.
Yes. That could work. Tony’s breath hitched when Steve let himself fall to his knees with a loud thud. At least the rug was thick and lush.
When he opened his eyes, he caught Tony staring with his mouth open. What was his problem? Steve wasn't doing anything weird, so he stared back. Tony rolled his eyes and waved his hand. “You’re taking a lot of space,” he said and went back to his conversation with Rhodes.
With the crew on the way to safety, protecting civilians was the priority. Shield or no shield, that was still Captain America’s job. He looked over his shoulder and counted his enemies: one Kree squadron advancing in unison, guns at the ready. Their colorful uniforms were new and strange, but their arrogant scowls weren’t.
Not Steve’s proudest moment. He had been too hungry — normal rations weren’t enough for his Super Solder metabolism, but he couldn’t risk asking for more and blow his cover — and hunger always made him clumsy.
‘Tony… I thought you understood,’ Steve said, trying to sit down and failing. His arms were still too shaky for that.
Strange raised an eyebrow, but then told him he had passed his tests. “They’ll be lucky to have you.”
Steve bit the inside of his cheek and looked away from the scene. Laura, however, was done being polite: she began shaking with laughter and that was it. Laughter caught across the group like wildfire in a dry summer.
The office looked Spartan at first sight, but then you noticed how comfortable the chairs were and that the art had been chosen with a great, keen eye… before you realized again that the paint on the walls was peeling and one of the windows was broken. Did Tony Stark have enough funding for this? Behind the desk, there was a brunette lady with an unimpressed look.
Fury moved his folding chair out of the field. He had produced a bagel out of one of his pockets and was slowly munching on it.
Steve shook his head. “I won’t apologize for that, but I should’ve asked if we had a doctor before. My timing was bad.”
A group of Skrulls wearing a red uniform approached them. The guns on their hands made it clear they were security.
Laura’s eyes grew wide and she covered her mouth with her hand. Bruce fiddled with his seat belt and shook his head. Strange, for once, had nothing to say. Clint…looked at Steve, as if he was waiting for his orders.
Tony turned his attention back to the bottle and as he twisted the cap open, the strangeness of the situation hit him again. Steve was sitting there with a raging boner, Tony wasn’t that far behind and he was grabbing lube and everything was normal, really. Just two superheroes doing their job.
‘There are always opportunities to be had when there’s a storm coming. That was it, right? Your motto.’
Before even opening his eyes, Steve knew something was off. The bed was too soft, the smell too septic. He heard the faint bustle of a city but it was way louder it should have been even if there were no distant bombs and no alarms blaring. When he finally opened his eyes, he was welcomed by the sight of a blank, off-white ceiling. He was inside a building then.
He read each of the announcements posted to the advertising board in the café. Most of it was… normal — people asking for roommates, guitar classes, language classes, scams. But a flyer with a crude drawing of a rocket and block letters saying
“What? Are we going to have an argument in the middle of a Kree attack? I know you get off on bickering with me but this is too much.”
Tony stood up and left the office. The door locked behind him. That was bad policy, Steve thought. Tony was too trusting and too naive. What if Steve stole the files or took pictures of them? They had to talk about it if Steve was going to work security for the mission.
The night was still cold and the wind was still cutting, but for Steve, it was as warm and bright as a spring afternoon. Star… Tony had promised to visit him the next day.
Their corner of the ship was snug his head almost hit the ceiling. Natasha sat on the only desk and gestured at the only chair, so Steve on it. Clint leaned against the wall.
“So? I need a lot of space. For my genius and all that.” Tony walked to the desk. “Art supplies? You’re an artist?”
He couldn’t tell her the truth and he couldn’t parade his broken heart around either. “Life here is boring. Needed something knew.”
Bruce held up his hands but Steve knew he wouldn’t be able to say no to Nat. None of them could, not when she got like that. How could they, when her smile was so bright and her smile so contagious?
But he wanted to confirm his gut feeling. Maybe they’d prove him wrong. The first test was watching their reactions when they came out and saw who was helping them with the exercise. Sitting on a folding chair and sipping on some coffee that was likely better than Steve’s, Fury looked like the image of relaxation itself. His calm contrasted with the confused bunch of fresh SHIELD recruits wearing green alien masks that huddled behind his chair.
When they got inside, Steve realized they were the last ones to get back to the ship. Nat waved at them when they got in, perched on one of the sofas where Clint was chatting with Rhodes. Laura had covered the table with all the food she had acquired. There was green meat, a bowl full of worms, some things that looked like twisted fruit, and a bug that kept crashing against the wall of the box he was in but didn’t seem to be discouraged in its escape attempts. Bruce stared at it in silence, while Strange took samples from everything muttering under his breath.
They all sat a little bit straighter and looked almost professional. Not for the first time, Steve wondered what he had gotten into.
It has one asset that could be useful. It flies across the sky until it reaches New Jersey and, more specifically, a small abandoned warehouse. As it enters the place, each step echoes thunderously across the empty space. It is a pleasant experience to have a body, to impact the world around it in this way. To pick up information through its sensors. Later, it will experiment with its new body more thoroughly. Now, there are more pressing matters.
The dinner went down without anything more than Steve and Tony holding hands under the table (’my hands feel so cold’, Tony had said, and Steve of course had offered to keep them warm because this was something friends did) and laughing at inside jokes. But the dessert was…
The finishing touch had been the spider gag straining Steve’s mouth open. Steve had smiled at Tony and he had smiled back and promised him he’d stay in the room, just to be safe. And with everything done, Tony had had no choice but to step back and let everybody else into the room.
While Steve would have wanted actual training facilities, there was an outdoor area outside the hangar that would do in a pinch — the ground was flat, covered with concrete, and there weren’t any obstacles. He didn’t need much else, because he wasn’t going to start actually training them, not yet. His goal instead was to assess how his new crew worked. He needed to know how they moved in the field, how they fought, whether they were planners and whether they would follow orders. He had a good idea of where Natasha fell — would follow orders, would not plan —, where Tony did — would never follow orders, bad team player, probably never saw a plan he couldn’t change on the fly — and suspected that Rhodes preferred clear plans and clean orders, but wasn’t above fudging with the plan a little. Bruce and Laura were a big question mark — if they were fighters at all. And himself… well, he was such a bad soldier that the military had simply given him a platoon and let him do whatever, back in the day.
Everybody in the room was silent for a second, thinking about whether they’d ever come back maybe or about who they were leaving behind until Clint snorted.
“The Tony Stark touch, not the Howard Stark one, sir. But really… not the point. The point is our med bay over there.”
The prisoner lies back against the wall. “Ready when you are. We’ll see who finds whose weak spot first.”
The boulder was gone when they got out, a trail of slime showing where it had gone — up. Several guards were there instead. They didn’t bother Steve and Tony, because they were too focused on convincing one of them to turn into their lead officer. Steve smiled. Soldiers were the same across the galaxy too.
Batroc pulled out his dick from Steve’s mouth. Steve swiped the spit off his chin with the back of his hand and swallowed the rest. His jaw was sore and he couldn’t talk, not yet. Batroc didn’t care — his big hand already covered his cock and he was stroking it, slowly.
He was startled out of the dizzy haziness that had taken over his mind by Batroc’s hot stream of come striking his face. It dripped down his cheek, sticky and uncomfortable, and brought him back to his body. His jaw throbbed with pain, sweat pooled under his armpits, and, worst of all, his dick was so hard it hurt. He didn’t take his eyes off the floor and his fingers dug into his thighs. Sucking Batroc’s cock was one thing, doing it while Tony watched was… How could he face him again?
He sprinted towards the soldier at full speed. The Kree wouldn’t realize he was a Super Soldier and it made no sense to hide, not when his life was at risk. The soldiers didn’t break formation and began firing. He couldn’t dodge all the shots — he smelled blood and he was pretty sure it was his —, so instead he jumped through the air and crashed into the squadron from above.
‘You know how it is. Whenever you fall, I’ll be here to catch you.’ Steve’s breathing slowed down and he closed his eyes, relaxing into Tony’s touch. ‘What happened? Why did you want to stop?’
Steve hugged himself. Tony was still there and he didn’t sound angry, just tired. In his mind, he could see Tony’s open, satisfied
Laura snorted while she rummaged through their supplies. “Well, better than nothing. We couldn’t afford a honeymoon when we got married.”
“We can talk about how insane it is we’re in space instead,” Clint said with a grin, entering the room. “Or about how hungry we are.”
the run. He didn’t enjoy being angry at Tony, but Tony’s entire being was so infuriating and hard to ignore. Like a small, prickling splinter in the arch of your foot that always made its presence known and was impossible to kick out of your mind.
Tony took a step back and Steve uncrossed his arms. He wondered how they were going to handle each other without Pepper’s brand of elegant diplomacy around. Steve stepped away from Tony as well, but he wasn't done. If he had to force them to delay the take-off so they could get a doctor, he’d do it.
Since the chair was hard and cold, he sat down on the bed which was marginally fluffier. The blank page stared at him, empty, ready for whatever Steve wanted to do with it. His pencil slid across the pages, sketching his last memories of Earth before they faded like old photographs. He drew the crew before take-off and Strange having one last cup of coffee. He sketched Hank Pym bent over schematics, arguing with Tony and Hope Pym sitting on a crate, staring up at the ship. Fury climbing onto his Jeep. Pepper clutching her clipboard. Happy Hogan saluting Tony.
Somebody knocked on the cockpit door but didn’t bother waiting for an answer. It could be anybody: nobody in the crew knew what manners were. This time it was Strange, with his arms crossed and a frown that made him look a decade older.
The other man stood up. “Look, you can make your own choices. It’ll all end up well. Don’t… don’t stay here. There’s a whole world waiting for you outside your apartment.”
Nat took a sip of her coffee. In the stillness of the ship, Steve waited for her next words. “I was… recruited, by Steve Rogers himself. The shining future of SHIELD, the next generation, ready to take the helm.”
The engine room was dark, but Steve could see it was shaped like a vault. His eyes were drawn to a dimly lit tube that hummed quietly, right at the center of the place. Cables branched off it and twisted their way into the ceiling, like the space version of a very old tree one winter away from dying. There was nobody in the room except a frazzled bald creature that slid from one side of the vault to the other. Its gills trembled as much as its hands did.
On the laptop screen, a blinking dot was cutting across the map. Tony put his finger on top of it and followed it through alleys, street markets, and avenues. He sighed and leaned back on the bed. Who was he kidding? Staring at it wouldn’t make Steve’s steady march towards their hotel room any slower. Nothing short of a terrorist attack or a bank robbery or a kitty trapped in a tree would because Steve wasn’t the type to get stalled checking out the local cuisine or the local strippers. But then again, Tony used to think that Steve wasn’t the type to suck cock. Maybe Steve would surprise him again when he found Tony laying in a pool of his own come.
. Steve followed its trajectory until he saw... A very tiny redhead with a very satisfied smile. Damn it.
“But we could use him to check for landmines,” Natasha said, suddenly sitting on a kitchen counter. When had she gotten to the kitchen?
Steve wanted to ask what Pictionary was, but decided not to. For once, he didn’t feel out of place and he didn’t want to be reminded of all the things he didn’t know.
He sat down on the bed again and waited for Peggy to get there. He looked over the room again — the window was a possible escape route if he had to leave in a hurry. Whoever the man was, he did look and act like him, but something bothered Steve. The man seemed to be lying. What was he hiding? And how could he find that out? His thoughts were interrupted when he heard the tell-tale noise of Peggy’s heels on the floor. It hadn’t changed — it was still decisive, with all the weight of Peggy’s personality in each step. But he wasn’t ready to see her and his breath caught in his throat when the door opened and Peggy stood there, with tears filling her eyes.
Tony raised his eyebrows high enough they were visible above the sunglasses. “Oh, you’re friends already.”
“Something like that.” He turned to the rest of them. “Goal is simple — there’s a blinking device hidden here. Let’s pretend it can blow us all up instead of just blinking. The aliens are looking for it and so are we. There are no rules except no lasting damage. You can use anything around here and any tactic, no matter how dishonorable.”
“Hi, Bucky,” he had said and Bucky had invited him in. Steve had sunk into the sofa. He had the drawing of Bucky in space in one of his pockets, as a peace offering or an apology for leaving Bucky behind again. He hadn’t been brave enough to bring it up.
If he followed Tony’s instructions, everything would be alright. Every nerve on his skin flared up as the fabric slid up his chest. He took a deep breath and waited for Tony’s voice to come back.
There was no reason to take a dead body, but a prisoner who knew how to make their weapons explode was valuable.
Tony liked to complain about it during breakfast. At first, Steve thought it was just Tony complaining for the sake of it — Tony complained a lot, about the cold, about being bored, about being busy… —, but one night Steve was jolted awake when a pillow landed squarely on his face.
Steve leaned back on his seat. If he moved, maybe his body would feel less stiff. “Now we’re… on a set course to… Waypoint Station, right? Three small jumps and then…”
“What about the flowers?” Tony said as he put a hand on Steve’s shoulder. He had managed to stay silent for more than a minute, which was a record.
But that’d be later — now he had files to read. He started with the SHIELD reports of the incident. There had been several battles, two species of aliens and a very familiar looking cube. Carol Danvers’ file made him wonder why she had left, so soon after coming back to a place she had forgotten it was home. Where was she now? Was she still alive, amongst the stars?
“Oh thank God,” Rhodey said before taking a good look at tony he was extremely pale almost ghost-like and he was still swaying a bit “tones why don’t you stay you don’t look so good I’ll go and get mason back”
Nodding he had thought of the many answers Charles would have given tony, he just wished it could have helped Tony more“ sooo have you thought of a name yet”.
Watching at complete awe tony couldn’t believe what he saw his daughter had just brought a robot to life with her powers, watching as he spins around chasing its tail Jarvis, Friday, Dum E, U had been I.A based he had programmed them this was just a piece of metal that had been brought to life with pure Energy, he couldn’t believe it “Honey where did you learn that”.
“No sweetheart why would you ask that” tony took mason into his arms resting her head on his shoulder rubbing her arm soothingly.
Memories after memories went by one after the other some happy memories but mostly dark ones tony would love to forget again.
Sitting on the bed the guard grabbed tony by the jaw forcing tony to look at him “oh don't worry you will find out soon” patting him on the cheek he stood up and on his way to the door but turned “oh and get used to being cuffed stark you will be staying like that til your wound  heal, don't want you to ruin the good work the doc did now do we” laughing as he left Tony in his painful thought
“A puppy” Tony mumbled as he watched her work he knew she had wanted a puppy but tony wasn’t an animal person and even thinking about hair on his clothes makes him want to scream “What about your friends”.
“What can we do,” Steve said as he stood walking toward the window, the burning sensation in his chest had gotten worse, he needed to punch something, he wanted to punch something but he couldn't because it wouldn't help.
Clapping him on the shoulder T'challa walked toward the door “good dont forget to say goodbye to your fellow avengers” T'challa said before he opened the door and left.
Surprised Steve stood tony wasn't supposed to be here, he himself had watched as Tony had left so he couldn't understand how he was here without the Dora knowing and Alerting him to it.
Tony closes his eyes as he braces for the pain to come he couldn't do anything the pain zipping up and down his body made him almost paralyzed, but only nothing came opening his eyes Tony saw the guard holding the gun towards him but something was off, it was as if the guard were on pause, he could see his hands shaking of how he tried to move but other then that he was frozen, slowly but surely the gun crumble in his hand until there was nothing left and guard unfroze in an almost dazed state the guard started choking he grabbed at his throat trying to remove whatever was choking him with no success before tony could realize what was happening the guard was lifted off the floor lifting him 4 feet above while he choked the coughing and sputtering started to go softer Tony thought that was it the guard coughed himself to death but not close as the guards body went limp the body dropped to the floor his head exploded painting the walls red he would be too if the shield came up around him protecting him from all the grime and blood them he realized what had happened his duaghter had protected him again.
I try to go back to sleep under the assumption that he just went to use the restroom, but as minutes tick by without his return, I start getting antsy. I crawl out of bed and step out into the hallway, immediately wishing that I had put on anything other than my boxers; there’s a draft circulating through the house, and it sends goosebumps crawling up my bare skin. “Tony?” I whisper. No response.
I follow his gaze to the bright blue rubber guards still attached to my blades. Oh. Right. “I was getting there.”
Scott pulls himself to his feet and staggers backwards, steadying himself against the railing. "Tony, I—I gotta help you. Maybe...maybe if I went mega, I could pick up the pillar!"
He picks up his fork again and chases a slice of eggplant around his plate. He stabs into it with an ungodly squeak. “Then what is it about? What made you change your mind? You know, about me?”
He doesn't argue further. I reposition my shield and grit my teeth. Tony warms up his thrusters. This time, I push with everything that I didn't even know I had. All my remaining strength, determination, desperation. The pillar shifts further, and Tony sends out a strong blast from his repulsars—still, it's not enough. Even with our force combined, he doesn't budge. He disengages, but I refuse to stop. I can't.
“Hmm, but do I trust you?” he says, and this time I’m almost positive that he’s kidding because his smirk has broken out into a full-faced grin.
"We have to evacuate, now. I think they're gonna blow this place to kingdom come before we can get the chance to. Scott, do you copy?"
He sits back, assuming his default shit-eating grin. “Sounds even better the second time around. You gotta get me a voice recording of that.”
"Tony?" His moment of clarity devolves into a cringe of pain. He clutches his shoulder. "I was hiding. Waiting for my cue from Natasha, when...
Everyone raises their glasses, and the room is filled with a chorus of overwhelming positivity. It chokes me up a little bit, looking out at a crowd of friends and knowing, for certain now, that they'll refuse to leave my side for anything. And then Steve sets his glass down and grabs me by the chin, pulling me into a kiss.
He extracts his phone from the cheesy mess and salutes with it, stringing mozzarella across his face. “Yes, sir.”
Steve makes a tutting sound but smiles anyway. I decide to omit the fact that I shot a hole into my bathroom ceiling this morning while brushing my teeth.
[Based off of an Artvenger's prompt on the Marvel Amino, which consisted of randomly generated traits, occupations, and characters! Trait: Thoughtful / Occupation: Farmer / Character: Vision
Even though the night is going much better than I could have ever imagined, there's something eating away at the back of my brain. Festering. I think maybe I should table it for another day, until I look at Steve—bright eyes, arm wrapped around my shoulder, happy and confident— and I remember wanting to snap off a piece of that confidence and keep it for myself. I wonder if now could be that moment.
He moves slowly and with purpose, guiding me in a slow circle as we sway. He closes his eyes and sings along under his breath, and I stare at him. It’s not just his face that’s perfect; everything about him is effortless, sure of himself yet understated. Everything inside me that’s wanted to punch him in his perfect nose from day one and take him down a peg like the rest of us, is now replaced with an ever-present urge to kiss him. To try and break off a piece of his quiet confidence and keep it for myself. Maybe his love could scrub me clean of all my impurities.
His legs are crossed,  supporting a magazine that he’s thumbing through lazily, and he’s coddling a steaming cup of what I can only presume to be coffee in his other hand. He doesn’t seem to have noticed my entrance, so I clear my throat, a little too loud. He jumps slightly and closes the magazine. It’s a really old edition of Home and Garden. “Tony, you’re awake. Good.”
ready," I say, flinging back the covers. I accept her help into the seat. I want to propel myself out of here, but this chair isn't built for that, so I just tap my fingers against the armrests as she sets a leisurely pace down the hallways.
It’s quiet. Not silent, thanks to the AC/DC playing on low volume over my bluetooth speakers, but there’s a distinct lack of…Steve. Of anybody, I suppose. He’s the first person to come over. Not that people haven’t asked to see the place, but I’ve kept my distance since the final snap— the one that managed to fix everything except myself— and I’ve grown used to my heightened independence.
“What do you want? Something sweet? Dry? Packs a punch?” Tony doesn’t give me much time to respond before adding, “You know what, I’m just gonna surprise you. Don’t worry, you’ll love it.” He turns to the wall of liquor and rummages around until he settles on a large bottle of something I can’t see the label of.
I join him in silence. Sitting cross-legged, waiting for him to acknowledge my presence. It doesn’t seem smart to open my mouth at the moment, what with all the doubts, frustrations, and insecurities that have had far too much time to fester in my brain.
"Life is...complex," Vision continues. "In many ways, the DNA in this single leaf seems more complicated than all of the neurons that make up my internal code. Plants know what they need, innately. I can't say for certain what I'm feeling most times." He lowers the leaf, and fixes his inquisitive gaze back on Wanda. "Yet for all of that complexity, they ask so little from this world. They simply hope that the sun will continue to rise, and the rain will continue to fall."
“Mr. Stark are you all right” T'challa ask him suddenly it all came to him he just had his very first kick here in Wakanda where the Avengers were, Where Steve is.
Sighing Steve knew this coming sooner or later he just wished it was later rather than sooner“ tony..” was all he could say before he was interrupted again.
“The diverse Council what does it entails, limits, restrictions it is a big process i take it you have a plan in order,” T'challa said taking a sip of his wine.
Shaking his head staring up at the ceiling“no in fine” he stated as he covered his eyes with his forearm,
Tony felt warm, warmer than he felt before safe, protected wrapped in a cocoon of security there was only one word he could name to explain what he felt right now it was Home the soft bed underneath him and the fluffy pillow his head laid upon he never been more comfortable, feeling a warm hand cupping his cheek Tony slowly opened his eyes, a blinding white light shone in his eyes making it hard for him to see anything but the figure of the person sitting with him on the bed but he knew who it was he couldn't explain how but he knew.
{Tony} so when i get the Rogue Avengers Pardoned and i will, i want them to be with a government they trust.
Watching as Rhodey's expression go from worry to anger was surprising tony had always thought Rhodey admire Steve for what he stood for and what he believed but since Tony came back from Siberia the mere mention of Steve's name made him angry, Rhodey cared and he was always protective, now he became even more overprotective, it gave him a warm feeling in his chest.
Ripping steve shirt open with surprisingly great strength, Tony pushed Steve onto the bed “What does it look like I'm doing” he said as he straddled steve's thighs and dove in for another kiss much like the kiss before Steve grabbed the bottom of Tony's shirt lifting it over his head throwing it onto the floor all while diving in for another kiss letting his hands glide down Tony's chest and grabbing his hips pulling him closer skin on skin made Steve shiver it felt so good.
Shrugging Tony placed the folders back into case “just higher up officials who uses their power for their own gain wanting the mutant and enchanted individuals as soldiers and slaves because they are unnatural and doesn’t deserve any rights not to mention a curtain one who had a size able collection of kiddy porn and so on I can go on if you want me to” tony said but stopped as T’challa raised his hand to make him stop the look of disgust and bitterness echoed on his face even the Dora in the room looked disgusted.
Steve bolted awake and off of the bed letting his sketchbook and pencil clutter to the floor before coming too, still, a little disoriented he glanced around the room looking for tony rubbing the sleep from his eyes, finding no evidence of Tony's presence a brief feeling of confusion and sadness filled him having realized he had been dreaming.
It only took a few min to go down to the med bay of the tower for the testing they were about to do but it took hour's for the doctors to do the test that needs to be done.
Knowing he had been caught “okay okay i was, i need to go see Xavier again and try to figure everything out, like why only on certain situations i get static in my mind along with bits and pieces of information, or how on times i keep losing myself in my mind i forget everything around me and dwell and the farther i go the longer i stay”.
Turning steve laid tony on the bed kissing him passionately rubbing his hand up and down tony's leg enjoying the feeling of tony's soft skin while they grind against one another, but Tony wasn't having it he wasn't going to be on his back again with Steve on top of him, pushing at Steves shoulder tony rolled them letting him be on top as he continued to grind their cocks together.
Tony could see the smirk on his face and it pissed him off does he have a sign on his forehead that says perfect human subject because if he did he really wanted it removed“WHAT DID YOU DO TO ME” struggling harder to get out of the cuffs so he could punch the now laughing guard in the face,
Stunned Erik could only stare at Charles, unborn child impossible “I'm sorry what” he said flabbergasted.
But life is never that easy after digging tony found out Barnes innocence and went to talk to sam if anyone knew where they were it was sam and oh boy doesn't he regret it watching his parents die by the hands of Steve so-called best friend and finding out he knew about it made tony see red, he knew it would have come to this Tony fighting against two super soldiers and being left behind, he just wished it hadn't been his friends he fought or could he even call them friends, he wanted to give up let the world take them he didnt want to care he wanted to let go but watching the team working in sync with each other he was glad he didnt.
The lie was just simply a bad one even Okoye raised a brow at it but didn’t say a word and neither did T’challa although it made him curious to how did one man go from deaths door to be as healthy as a horse “what exactly is it you wanted to talk to me about” T’challa asked glancing at the folders curiously.
Fury didnt wait for tony's answer before he cut the call, Knowing fury he was probably concerned about ears listing into the phone call, tony felt kind of insulted there wasn't any kind of tech in the government that could bypass his security protocols other than Wakanda neither can any other country.
“Yes although there might be more of them coming or not just be prepared,” the doctor said Tony wished ut was the latter he wasn't looking forward to that pain again.
“It wasn't his abilities I was testing, it was his unborn child's,” Charles told Erik finally glancing toward Erik.
Letting go of Steves hip tony grabbed him by the hair bring him up for a kiss lips moving in Rhythm all locked up passion and desire broke lose as the kiss goes on and on while the grind against each other, “OH GOD Steve” Tony moaned against Steve's lips he was so close breaking the kiss
Hi look who is finally back I know I know I was gone for a very long time I really tried to come back sooner but when life gives you lemons you make lemonade or in my case lemon marang pie lol but any case I'm back with 3 chapters yay and also if you read it there is a time skip in chapters it was put there purposely so it won't drone on and get boring
“Now isn't that better stark, if only you didnt get in my way this wouldn't have happened but then again i would have my weapon now would i,” Ross said glancing at tony as the men lifted him up into there arms his vision was getting groggier as the drug worked through his system.
“Hay it’s not your fault, it’s not my fault either we both know whom to blTonyRoss will pay for taking her,” Tony said gently taking pepper by the shoulders looking her in the eyes “I promise”.
“I'm fine,” Tony said as he stood reaching for the unopened toothbrush, by the pinch of Rhodey's brow he didn't believe tony “don't worry gumdrop, its just morning sickness” Tony stated hoping it would assure Rhodey he was fine.
”Alright, alright take the front if someone comes up ahead you can just get rid of them,” she said putting as much authority in her voice, pure relief filled her as the guard followed her orders giving it a few second following along the hall mason grabbed at the weapon forever grateful that they didn't use the safety, putting a bullet in the guards legs not watching as he fell she turned towards the other two nurses putting each a bullet in the shoulder, making sure they were down she threw away the gun and started pushing tony bed toward the meeting point, they had agreed to a meeting point that could be easily assessable.
“If your definition of talk is arrested and used as bait then almost,” said the adorable worried confused look crossed T'challa,s face again and tony had a hard time keeping his thoughts clear.
Settling into Charles study tony got straight to the point “So prof wanna tell me what happened after I passed out” he didn't want to waltz around what had happened on his way here and he wanted to know why and who had decided to attack him, his daughter and happy he had a very good idea of who but why now after months had past.
“Come on stark just give up already” demanded the shadow there we're no face to the shadow of the man that stood there, he was back in that room he should have known that his rescue was all a dream, no vision no peter and no rhodey. “Come on stark give up” sneered the shadow as it grabbed tony by the hair and dragged him along to the tub full of water. Oh god, not again.
“Tony for god sakes your pregnant you can't do this you're putting the baby at risk if something goes wrong,” Pepper said angrily, he knew he shouldn't be doing this he didnt want to but if he didnt respond to the very first call since the rest of the avenger went roque there will be questions and very high up people demanding to know why iron man didnt show up to help protect Hawaii and there was no way he was going to reveal the truth about his daughter that was growing inside him.
Oh and before I forget Thank you all for reading my story with the kudos and comments and the hits ily injoy reading
Frowning at the sudden light behind tony eyes he slowly woke from a blissful sleep he didn't want to wake up but the was sun shining in his eyes.
“How is he doing,” Natasha asks in return completely ignoring Sams question which didnt surprise him she always looked after everyone but herself even when she didn't have to.
“It would be best if i didn't plausible deniability and such,” Stark stated giving T'challa a half smile before continuing “Can't exactly have the masses wonder if it was some political movement on Wakanda's part now would we,”.
“Are you insulting my country's technology, Mr. Barton insinuating that it's weak to allow a little bug get through” T'challa knew he was blowing smoke out of his ass but watching as barton blench gave him a rush of satisfaction and if it worked to get Barton on the plane so be it.
He comes around the island to stand in front of me, less an an arms length away. Up close, the inch or two he has on me feels like a foot. “Okay,” he says, taking an authorial tone that sends chills down my spine. “Here’s what’s going to happen.”
"No, no, it's—no, I'm sorry, I just didn't...wow, I didn't expect that," I say, sputtering through the words that refuse to congeal into a single cohesive sentence. "I love you too." And then I'm smiling, and he's smiling, and I think we're both tearing up. At least, I am. I sandwich his face with my other hand and plant another kiss. "I love you," I say when I pull away. Another kiss. "I love you." Another kiss. "
I comply, bracing myself against his hand, but my skate slips out from under me and I end up sliding down the incline on my back instead. I skid to a halt at Tony’s feet, and he stifles a laugh.
I outstretch my repulsars and send out blasts all around the room, not much caring where they land. My vision is starting to blur, head spinning like a top while I'm frozen in place. I keep shooting until someone's voice crackles again in my ear.
The left gun adjusts its aim and fires. In a moment of over-confidence and raging adrenaline, I duck out of the way of one beam and directly into the other's line of fire, allowing a stray beam to carve into the small of my back. I yelp and fall to the side, flipping around just in time to send another pulsar blast towards the offending target—
I clear my throat. "You know, there's...something else I should probably add to my toast. If you'll humor me."
Tony’s standing on a platform, in the process of being bundled up in his Iron Man armor. An older model, not nanotech— an old trusty, I would suppose. He turns to me and opens his helmet. He looks about as tired as I feel—dark under-eye bags, red eyes, lips are pursed into almost a straight line. The garage door is open, letting in gusts of frigid night air, sending fresh bumps sprawling across my body. I rub my arms.
His eyes are glossy, shining under the fluorescent lights. "After all this time...I actually have a future again. I have a future...with you. And I was
“I can only hope,” I say. A silence passes between us. He’s looking at me expectantly, mouth crooked in one of his signature smirks. “So…uh…how do you feel about pasta?”
Steve grabs my hand and lowers it to the counter, forcing me to set down my mug. “Okay, so how drunk do you have to be to kiss me?”
“Me too.” I tap the sides of my thermos with my fingernails. “I’m learning to just enjoy the moment.”
"Tony." I cup his face and wipe the tears away with my thumb. "I don't care about any of that. You already know how much you mean to me. We'll find a way out of this, okay? I mean, dammit— I've almost lost you too many times to count already."
He peers out the passenger window, and I follow his gaze. It looks exactly as I remember it when I was young, except for the fact that it’s now squeezed between two giant office buildings. It’s a modest restaurant, with very few bells and whistles beyond a touch-up paint job on the rotting trim. The windows are foggy and radiate warm orange light that reflects off of the snow. The neon “open” sign is missing it’s “O”, but it’s glowing nonetheless.
I twist my torso as much as I can to get a better look at my captor: a concrete pillar. I grit my teeth until I feel my jaw pop. There's no time for this. I barrage the pillar with blasts from my repulsars, to little effect other than a fresh influx of pain and an ominous groan from the catwalk.
"Good. Because your first lesson is..." I squeeze his shoulder and lean in slightly, lowering my voice to a conspiratorial tone, "There's always a next time."
“The man, the myth, the legend,” Bucky says, giving me a firm handshake that ends up in a hearty one-armed hug.
He’s staring at me with those obnoxiously blue eyes. He opens his mouth, then shuts it, runs his fingers through his hair, and starts pacing. I watch him stalk back and forth between my stairwell and the island and take the opportunity to drain half of my cup. He stops in front of me again, leaning heavily against the counter like his legs are ready to give out underneath him.
Things have been different since we defeated Thanos. Well…if I’m being honest, things have been different for a lot longer than that. It’s been a long handful of years. Lots of hot-faced sobbing. Lots of walking around like an empty suit. Lots of public appearances that went south. Regrets piled up like the laundry I still haven’t been able to bring myself to do….God, I even bought a bunch of plain T-shirts and underwear in bulk when all of my remaining clothes failed the sniff test.
He coughs. “I’m starting to think the only thing you know about me is my name. I’m hurt, honestly. We’ve known each other how long? F.R.I.D.A.Y, order a copy of my autobiography for Cap, here, on me. I think he needs to brush up on his history. My history. He needs to brush up on…me. Did I say that right?”
My phone rings while we’re making breakfast—pancakes, to be exact. Steve just dipped his finger in the batter and baptized my forehead like Simba, and I have him in a well-meaning headlock as retaliation, threatening to dip my whole hand in the batter and smack him with it. He’s laughing his ass off.
I extract a finger from my suit to press it up against his neck. He's still got a pulse, at least. "Scott, wake up."
"Well, first order of business...how about that heist? Boy, what a stinker. But hey, celebrate being alive, right? Cheers to that."
I curse myself. Of course giving my life up for the sake of humanity was easy, because it didn't matter if I died as long as I took Thanos with me. I was kamikaze. Blinded by revenge. I had nothing to lose. Nothing mattered except killing one person, and as much as I hate to admit it...humanity came second. My death came second.
"It's gonna take a while to get used to that," Natasha says, coming over to give Steve an affirming pat on the shoulder. She smiles at me. "You guys are cute together."
Steve and Rhodey charge to the left, Sam takes the right, and I fly to the top of the tree line to get a better vantage point. Red lights flash from the small windows, one of which Natasha has already blown open with her gun. An alarm shrieks in protest— It seems Scott's apprehension was warranted.
I wrap my arms around his waist and tug him close. "Of course not. You'd never unpack anything if I didn't oversee it."
I take a sip of my drink. It’s a little too fruity, with a bitter aftertaste that kicks me in the throat.
"Oh, I'm— I can't drink, Mr. Stark," he says. It's painfully sincere. He's worrying the strap of his backpack, which is slung across his chest like a cross-body bag, and he's having trouble meeting my eyes.
His tone worries me. It’s far too serious. I set down my own utensils and fold my hands in my lap, giving him my undivided attention. He sighs and runs a hand over his hair— which hasn’t moved an inch the whole night— and says, “Why now?”
"Right...okay." He complies, and allows me to wrap his good arm around my shoulders. I support him at the waist.
Nurse Debby is in and out often, checking my vitals, checking my chart, talking my ear off about important things I wish I could tune out of...it's all just noise, anyway. It doesn't help that the painkillers they've been giving me make me too groggy to form coherent thoughts. All I can do is dissociate and stew in my irritation.
That's when something hits me. Something large, solid, heavy, coming down too fast to stop. I'm thrown the rest of the way onto the catwalk, barely managing to toss Scott to the side before I'm crushed into the metal with enough force to knock all the breath out of me, suit or not. There's a nasty crunch, and it doesn't take long at all to figure out it was my leg, not the floor. Agony floods from my ankle to my hip, reverberating in searing waves through my whole body. I know what broken bones feel like. This is worse. I can't move my leg at all, but it continues to be compressed; whatever is pinning me wants to keep going. It wants to take me with it.
"You're an Avenger now, Pete, whether you feel ready for it or not. You've done and seen things that a kid your age should never be exposed to and yet you've shown nothing but potential." I grasp his shoulder and give him a gentle shake. "I would be doing a disservice if I didn't ensure that you're ready to tap into that potential the next time you need to. Do you understand?"
He turns to the audience and extends his glass. "Well, I'd like to make a toast, as well. To all of our wonderful friends, and the gift of warmth, patience, and kindness they've given us on this day. We are truly grateful."
We sit in the car with the heat blasting, indoor lights on, and thermoses of hot chocolate cradled in our hands. Tony’s sitting cross-legged in the drivers seat, staring out of the windshield even though it’s too dark to see anything. His cheeks are flushed pink. I’m sure mine are worse. I feel like I’m defrosting all over again.
"Scott?" Sam repeats, louder and more insistent this time. The panic is spreading; it's not localized to me anymore, it's palpable in the air. "Scott, you son of a bitch, can you hear us?"
I'm dropped onto a control panel—or, rather, what's left of a control panel— and send a few operatives scrambling backwards. Their panicked retreat doesn't last long, though, before they pull out handguns and start firing. Their bullets ricochet off my suit and blow out the overhead light, plunging us into darkness broken only by the glowing computer screens circling the room. A small window of opportunity.
Giving mason one last hug tony kissed pepper on the cheek “remember mason likes to play in the bath before she gets out” tony said all while playing with masons toes making her giggle.
“So stark is dying again, i dont see a problem here he put us in the Raft, caged us like animals i say he deserves it” Wanda spoke up for the first time since the news of tony's arrival.
“When mason Arrived i took a sneak peek into her mind the fact that i could tell me she was mentally exhausted and there were also flashes but they were going way to fast for me to see, it was almost the same as jean only more intense her powers were affected by her emotions she was scared so it got out of control” Charles explained.
“Colonel Rhodes I hope your stay have been pleasant I know we haven’t had the chance to talk much but I’m all ears now so please” the president gestured to Rhodey with his hand that held n tumbler of whiskey.
“Now Macie your father says you have progressed with your powers can you show me,” Charles asked sitting in front of mason he looked at tony almost assuring him that he meant mason no harm, seeing Charles had worked out a plan to help his daughter didn’t help his nerves he was extremely overprotective.
coming out of his daze turning towards pepper while taking a sip“ ask Rhodey he read from a pregnancy book that coffee intake is bad for the baby so he got rid of it including the really expensive coffee so I hope you don't mind tea” he simply stated with irritation he loved his coffee it helps him to think and stay awake now he can't have any of it and tea is just untasteful for him and its not working at all seemingly to Accept it she shrugs
But mostly nervous. Turning the screen the doctor spoke“as you see there that circle, that is the embryo, there is also a tiny heartbeat, by the looks of it you're 6 weeks pregnant” wiping off the gel. “As for the morning sickness ill give you medication to combat it,” he added
“What about Tony,” pepper asked still looking at the baby with adoration, oh this godmother was going to spoil her Goddaughter rotten he could already tell.
Tony left Mason to play in her playpen tony went to make her formula, with masons powers growing tony needed to take her to meet Xavier and due to masons unusual conception, he and Mason have a mental, physical and emotional link, a connection which goes beyond any parental connection, Charles had explained to tony that normal mutants powers begin developing at puberty, but Mason had protected tony with her powers while she was in his womb and had further developed as she was born.
“yes back in 1973 a man named Bolivar trask who killed and experimented on mutants for there DNA to create robots called sentinels  to track and kill mutants,
“yes boss, the super soldier serum I had run was not the same strane of serum that Capt Rogers has however its a well made copy of the super soldier serum its also the exact same serum that was used on Sergeant James Buchanan Barns”
“Tony” steve roared as he came inside tony holding tony to him as he grinded against tony working through his orgasm*
“No man or child should go through what you had gone through and nobody deserves what they are going to do to you after” Mason whisper again straightening the bedding “Now just keep quiet and let me do the talking just be patient” Mason quietly said before the others came into the room stark nodded just as the four of the higher up guards and the suits as mason liked to call them stepped into the room it wasn't those in charge of the operation but they did run the place while they were gone she hated them with every fiber of her being.
“TONY WATCH OUT” screamed Rhodey in panic, startled by it tony looked up to see one of the monster's tentacles coming straight down on top of him before tony could raise a gauntlet to fire at the tentacle and jump out of the way a piece of sharp metal flew and sliced through the tentacle allowing it to fall to the side, dumbstruck tony turned to see where the metal flew from only for him to freeze as he spots Steve walking towards him.
‘No your right I’m no mason, but I am a part of her you may call me Enigma” Enigma said it was strange to hear mason voice but knowing it wasn’t the little Macie he knew was disturbing but he was curious “I can see your mind working professor you want to know what I’m doing here and why I am here and I’ll gladly tell you”.
“I understand your highness vision is still part of the Avengers and will be there after my absence so is Colonel Rhodes and we can work out the details as we go but if you will there is another opportunity i wanted to discuss...” Stark cut off as a pained expression crossed his face as he grips the chair handle as a breathy gasp left him.
Walking around the pools of blood tony reached masons side and started undoing masons binds making her scream in surprise
“Me, sneak out, no pfft, why would i want to sneak out of my own home” Tony scoffed trying his best to sound offended by his remark.
Filled with anger her father grabbed the shield and threw it against the man knocking him down he removed his helmet looking out of the hole of the train seeing her uncle holding on to a hand railing “Bucky” he called out reaching out he climbed onto the hand railing “Hold on” moving slowly toward her uncle the railing coming lose as he held on “take my hand” he stretched out his arm toward her uncle but before her uncle could take hold the railing gave away plunging him down the side of the mountain “No” her father yelled when he couldn’t grab at his friend, she watched as the devastation showed on his face before he turned his head and closed his eyes.
Still not completely believing what he was hearing“But you were in my head before when that kid looked at my memories and when we arrived” Tony said if Charles couldn't read inside his head maybe he didn't know about his baby girl and maybe he would be able to play it off as only his powers as much as he didn't like lie-ing to the professor he is a wonderful person and that goes a long way in his book he didn't want any more people knowing about his pregnancy or his child.
Upon arrival, Steve could see the rest of the avenger were already gathered around the living space Natasha, Clint, and Wanda sat together on the long futon while Scott and Sam took the two-seater while he took the single, T'challa had allowed them to live in the guest wing it had become their little home.
His baby, tony jerked upright feeling his stomach when he felt the flatness of his stomach panic started to set in, where is his baby.
He had now completely retired from the Avengers and also as iron man, although when help was needed he would put on the suit or control it when called for, and when he needed to clear his mind he sometimes go for a fly but he gave up being a hero so Mason would not lose him when something went wrong.
Tony was standing near the window looking out the city he looked beautiful funny he never really noticed until now, he didnt se the baby anywhere so she should be in the nursery.
Reaching inside he searched for a way to calm down to not stress the baby even more as the steady race of her heartbeat filled his ears but the sound of the cars bashing against their's kept coming
“the one part yes it's almost the same serum Rogers has in him there is just some there that are a little deferent then Rogers but the others i have no clue to what they are but i will find out what it just needs time”running his hand through his hair letting out a sigh he been doing it a lot lately thing just keeps on getting complicated he's tired more tired then he has ever been even when he didn't sleep 72 hours.
He had a meeting with Charles Xavier in a week then he had a charity ball the week after that and so on and on and on.
Looking up pepper smiled at Rhodey “ i just wanted to see how he was doing but Friday already told me he went to bed so i thought I'll stay till morning to see for myself”
“that's strange the X-gene is a Genetic Trait that allows the mutant to naturally develop superhuman powers and abilities, how exactly did you obtain it without being born with it,” Hank asked taking a cup of tea jean had just arrived with.
“I am, come on we both need to sleep goodnight Rhodey,” Tony said he wanted to sleep but every time he does he sees mason somewhere alone crying for him it bothered him.
Coming to a stop in front of the mansion Charles and Erik were waiting for them, seeming not being able to wait anymore mason opened the door and ran straight into Erik's arm swinging her around before hugging her“ have you been a good girl” Erik asked Mason.
Being back home had never felt weirder yet more satisfying steve had missed it he wanted to be back permanent but he couldn't  right now wasn't the time, getting into the tower wasn't a hard task if you asked a certain princess or king, he knew tony would be here today alone with the baby, their child the feeling he had when he first saw the statement he knew he just knew everything fell into place and now he was here.
“it doesn't matter how i found out tony, how is it possible,” steve asked he had a kid the next word out of tony's mouth caught him cold.
“Get him out of here and make sure he's not seen the doctors are waiting for him at the base” was all Tony heard Ross say before everything went dark.
Thinking fast tony closed his eyes but other then darkness he couldn't see a thing through Mason's eyes *Macie sweetheart can you hear me Come on honey answer me* tony called out toward Mason's.
“Oh don't give me that, I know you Charles why was testing starks Abilities so important this morning when you could have just asked” Erik questioned Charles, he hated when he had to pull information out of Charles, it didn't sit well with him well.
Wrapping his arms around Steve's neck and rocking his hips down on his cock. Steve's hands settle on his hips with every downward thrust tony could feel Steve hitting his prostate perfectly as his orgasm started to rise“Steve I'm close” Tony panted bearing his head in Steve's neck as he worked his hips faster.
“Tony this is Bow Johnson, he is one of my most loyal students, bow you know tony stark, now bow you are here because we hope you can help Mr. Stark, he needs you to help him with some of his forgotten memories”Charles introduced them he knew he was playing a dangerous game and that Erik was right he should of just ask but something was ticking at Charles.
“I don’t want to wait and...” He thought that if he lied, she’d know so he told the truth instead. “… nobody would miss me.”
They all turned their heads to Tony. “Good morning to you too, Tones,” Rhodes said. They had already learned to let Rhodes handle Tony when he got like that.
No, this was real. Not even in his wildest dreams Tony could concoct this: somehow, Tony had ended up arranging… well, a gangbang
A few minutes later, Bruce burst into the ship again. He frowned when he saw them. “Wait, did you start the meeting already? I thought you’d wait for me.”
“Grant, we eat lobster on Earth, don’t we? This is the same! I got a lot more than I thought I would — I knew I had to keep the stale bread! Turns out it’s a delicacy in this side of the galaxy.”
“Nah, I’m fine here,” Tony said. Steve straightened his back. Tony clearly understood why the teams were assigned that way, then.
Steve propped himself up on one elbow and took Tony’s hand in his. ‘Why do you think I asked you to do this?’
“I did not want to have to do this, to mourn our first fallen comrade,” Tony said, with fake solemnity. “In such a risky journey, loss is but unavoidable. Across the stars, we will leave a trail of despair and our wailing would be heard across space, except space is a vacuum and therefore silent. Silent, like our friend is now. Please remember her, always, at her best. Uncomfortable, but dependable. Ugly, but solid.”
Not Tony’s finest moment but also not the first time he had let his dick do the thinking and had ruined something he cared about in the process. It was just like him, ruining things with Steve
The trap door opened to a rusty ladder Steve trusted very little, but Tony went down it without one complaint and without even checking where it led to. Damn it. Did he have to be so reckless? Steve couldn’t let the darkness swallow Tony, not when he had promised to protect him, so he jumped in after him, not even bothering with the ladder. He had jumped from higher places before. After a few seconds — not so deep, then —, he landed on a metal floor that was covered with sticky spots and rust. Not too promising.
“If he says no, we stay grounded,” Tony said, letting the mugs crash into the sink for emphasis. Steve hoped none of them had broken. He liked them — they all had the Stark Space Squad rocket printed on them.
Breakfast was pretty varied and abundant, but Tony only drank coffee — he didn’t have an appetite for anything else. Steve came out of the shower only when he smelled food.
He looked up, and his eyes met Tony’s. Tony’s arms were crossed across his chest and his lips were pursed.
Steve, as he bashed two alien’s skulls against each other, realized two things. The first one was that Bruce had one hell of a temper. No other way of explaining why he was savagely beating an alien with a smaller alien while he screamed. The second, more reassuring realization was that they, miraculously, worked great as a team. Nat didn’t need to look over her shoulder to know Clint was watching her back and Tony didn’t need to let Rhodes know before pushing an alien against him. Strange was protecting Laura and slowly moving towards the exit. With just one look, Steve knew to duck when Nat threw an alien towards him. Yes. They worked so well that not even half an hour later, most of the patrons either laid at their feet or had been thrown out to the street. That was when the bar-tentader grabbed each one of them by the neck and threw them out. Literally.
When she put it like that, it sounded like a suicide mission and Steve’s only comfort was knowing he’d survive no matter what. The future and the past depended on it.
Tony began walking into the crowd, not letting go of Steve. And what could Steve do, except follow? He couldn’t even hear the music over the laughter, the words, and the sound of the bodies moving around him, but it didn’t matter because he could feel Tony’s hand around his arm.
‘I could watch you forever. You’re so gorgeous, so pretty,’ he kept talking into Steve’s ear. ‘I want to use them like they did — you’re a great cocksucker, aren’t you? And you were so tight today. I want to fuck you. Are you gonna let me?’
“There was an empty medical bay. He probably felt a nesting instinct about it or something. Doctors are weird.”
“I’m not. I came here to grab some notes of mine, that’s all. Bruce and I need to keep monitoring the engines. Rhodey will remain at the helm.”
Tony Stark, looking both younger and older than Steve had expected. He didn't look much like his father, especially not like the man his father was now. Tony had Steve’s resume in his hand and was thumbing through it with a distracted look.
“Sit on the bed.” It creaked under Steve’s weight, but it held. “And yes, of course. She was less dumb than you.”
“You and I both know that if nobody fixes this, there won’t be that many people left here.” The creature trembled again but remained silent. “I’ll take ten percent of your credits and supplies for six months, for eight people.”
“It’s fine, I can’t sleep. I don’t get how you can. Don’t you understand where we are? Doesn’t that… I don’t know, excite you?”
She laughed. He liked the sound of that laughter. He didn’t like the sound of the other man’s voice in the background, asking Peggy what was so funny. “Never, ever ask Howard about it. But yes, I’ll get you some intel on it.”
“Of course we have star charts. Rhodey here, he’s our pilot, you’re gonna love him except he gets kind of annoying when you’re drunk and even more annoying when he’s the drunk one, has been studying some charts we acquired before. We don’t know how accurate or up-to-date they are.”
Tony’s things were all over the room already and Tony himself kept fluttering around and re-organizing them. Steve put the crates with his things under the bed. He’d organize them later on, once they were in space. In space. He was going to be in space and no matter how much he repeated it, he couldn’t believe it yet.
They both stared at him, the popsicle still hanging from Tony’s mouth. There was a bit of saliva dripping down his beard and his lips were bright red.
He had to think. He was already neck-deep in bad decisions, so… it couldn’t get any worse. There was no further damage to be done and if it was all the same, nobody could blame him if he took Steve’s cock out for a ride. Anybody would have done what he did.
‘Oh, you were… so…’. Words failed him so he just waved his hands. Whatever. He was sure Steve understood. ‘Wanna come inside me?’
The man walked towards him, with his hands outstretched. “You wanted an explanation - it’s 1994. Things have changed a bit.”
He walked down the dark hallway, hearing to everybody’s breathing in their rooms. Tony wasn’t asleep yet — he snored, no matter how much he denied it — but he was already in bed when Steve got to their room. Before Steve could even speak, he turned his back on him.
“Woah,” Tony said. “You’re big. Like… wow. I knew you were tall and built and hunky but… this is something else.”
“Can I touch them? Wait, don’t answer that, it’s just scientific curiosity but it’s inappropriate for a boss and I won’t ask again. I respect your boundaries because that’s what bosses and adults do.”
It thought that much would be obvious. But it seems humans sometimes need clarification on the most obvious points.
How could he be? His existence was a fable, so why did it matter if he lied a little more? The truth was — he was tired of being the reasonable one, tired of herding this bunch of kids who weren’t that much younger than him. He had never done that, not once in his life. He had tried to be somebody else but… No matter how much he tried to run away, he couldn’t run away from himself. Light years away from home and he still made the same mistakes. Tony sometimes hated him for being too uptight — for wanting the team to train, for wanting the team to know what they were doing — and sometimes for being too reckless, for enjoying himself. He was always stepping on landmines. He looked up, at the vast void of space and sighed. He’d never understand Tony Stark, but he knew he had to try. They were stuck together. They had to make it work.
Tony hadn’t been bad, but Nat was a class of her own. She was quick, she was mean, she had no honor. He had to chase her to the rec room, avoiding her kicks and trying to land a punch. When she looked distracted, he lunged and rolled her over his shoulder. She landed on a chair, breaking its leg.
When he got back to his place, he sat down in his table and scattered the file’s contents on top of it. There was the flyer, more of blueprints, some financial reports, a few news clippings and the personal file on Tony Stark. He checked the financial reports first — the backer was some West Coast scientist named Hank Pym, who had worked at SHIELD before. Was that how Howard was helping his son, funneling money to the enterprise through an old friend? The file on Tony told him little. An MIT graduate, a genius, a party boy, a rift with his father. There was a section written by the other man -
Steve was thankful for the lulls of normal travel between jumps, where the ship lazily slid through space, as if they didn’t have a time limit to get to their destination. It gave them a few weeks of peace where they could properly assign tasks and shifts. Time enough that the rec room started looking lived in — books thrown around, board games that started to lose pieces, old coffee cups left to rot. Arguments grew in the garden of routine, the kind of arguments you had with people you knew — Laura’s concern about how Tony would ruin all the books by leaving them open, Strange’s inflexible rules about how they had to shower, Clint and Bruce’s endless war over the thermostat.
They were busy digging into dessert when somebody slammed the kitchen door open. It took him a second to realize it because he wasn’t wearing scrubs, but the man unceremoniously dropping his two suitcases on the kitchen floor was Stephen Strange. With all the politeness he had shown when he had tested Steve, Strange grabbed an unclaimed pudding and started eating it.
As he rushed through the rooftops, Madripoor became a blur of neon lights, rain, and last night’s despair. Steve always felt like an outsider in the city, but Tony… Tony looked right at home in the grime of the world’s shadiest island. And when he acted like a heartless billionaire tangled in a web of underworld connections, he stopped looking like the man Steve knew.
The sensors pick up distant explosions. The army is advancing, then. Soon, all its planning will pay off. The woman, the Wasp, awaits an answer. It needs an excuse. A plausible excuse. It searches through its files.
‘Calm down,’ Tony said, rubbing circles on Steve’s skin with his thumb. This was the moment where he had to make a smart, responsible decision, but there was no space for that: his mind was filled with the sound of Steve’s raggedy breath and the heat of Steve’s skin.
That was the least subtle codename he had ever heard. He couldn’t help but be charmed by it. ‘Well, if he insists on being called that…’
Steve looked down: he hadn’t noticed that the gash in his abdomen had never stopped bleeding. Not the worst wound he’d received, not by a long shot, but he had better go with Strange. Even if it was nothing the Serum couldn’t handle, but he didn’t want Strange to know he was a freaky science experiment who couldn’t even do his job right. Not yet, at least.
There was only one person who could answer him. The man that had made all the decisions that had left Steve stuck as a plaything of fate. It was as simple as telling Fury he had questions and he knew who could answer them in the middle of one of their conversations about the 20th Century and all the things Steve didn’t understand. Fury was helpful during those conversations — so far, all he had said had been true. So Steve would punch things and then he’d ask Fury about whatever change had ambushed Steve during the week. Fury never talked about himself, but that suited Steve just fine. He wasn’t going to ask Fury to trust him, not when Steve didn’t trust him himself.
Steve grabbed onto the seat’s armrest. The hangar door opened and the ship moved forward and then accelerated. This was it. They were leaving. Steve's heart beat faster. Nobody talked.
That had been the whole point of pairing himself with Tony. Force them to work together, to see each other good points.
‘Brought you ice cream. Pecan butter,’ Tony said, without missing a beat, and shoved the ice cream into Steve’s arms.
Beyond it, a mass of streets and alleys weaved a lively labyrinth full of vendors hawking their wares, tittering children, and a myriad of smells that Steve could not even name. A plethora of small stalls grew on the dark metal walls like the flowers of a murky vine. There weren’t just green aliens there. A kaleidoscope of beings swarmed through the tight streets.
“So Grant over here…” everybody looked at Tony. Their furtive eyes and frowned brows made it clear they feared a repeat of last night. “…he found out about some sort of alien carnival.”
Laura stared right at Tony and crossed her arms. When he saw her steely eyes, he knew there wouldn’t be any desperate last attempt to get her husband to go with her, no passionate speech from a newlywed. “It’s your decision, Tony,” she said.
Do something? Steve glanced over his shoulder, but Tony wasn’t there. Steve was alone, kneeling in front of a hard dick and feeling lost.
“About using the Quantum Realm for traversing space, yes, it’s more energy efficient and I wanted to discuss it with you because you’re the foremost expert on it and…” Bruce started. Steve’s mind always wandered off during his and Tony’s technical explanations and he suspected most of the crew did the same. He didn’t consider himself stupid or uneducated, but Bruce and Tony spoke in a language Steve didn’t get at all. When they talked, Steve would focus on the cadence of Tony’s words — it was an intoxicating rhythm — and ignore what they were talking about. It worked as a way of falling asleep quickly.
Steve shook his head. ‘No. Tony and I were talking and we think it’s time to set up some fraternization rules.’
‘Stay put,’ he said with a sardonic smile. Steve sat back on his heels. The room was hazy, even Batroc felt far away. All that mattered was Tony’s slow, steady breathing coming through the mic.
There were leather seats for eight people and a wide window. The console with all its buttons and switches and blinking lights was beyond Steve’s understanding. He had never been a good pilot, but he would have to ask Rhodes to teach him how to pilot it, just in case. Maybe Clint and Natasha too. He suspected Tony knew how to do it, but it was better to have back-ups. You could never be too prepared.
The guy fucking himself on Steve’s cock leaned forward and came all over Steve’s chest. Tony closed his eyes again.
But before he had to face Tony, there was another step. For the medical tests, Hill gave him an address in New York and a name — ‘Stephen Strange’. Well, that sounded normal and not ominous at all, but despite his odd name, Strange turned out to be a recent graduate from medical school with the bedside manner of an ogre, working out of a small office. He was probably the cheapest competent doctor they had found.
day. He didn’t set an alarm but woke up at dawn anyway. Was it really happening? Or was he still dreaming in the ice, trapped in a nightmare? No. He wouldn’t have imagined people as real as Tony or Natasha. He couldn't come up with their young smiles and their bright eyes, or the hints of a past Steve hadn’t discovered yet. It couldn’t be a dream. He sat up on his bed and breathed deeply. Air filled his lungs, expanded his chest and reminded him that he was alive, that this was real.
used the fresh food. There was some bread — Laura had been clear that it would last just a few days and then they were out of bread for the next six months, so Steve was going to enjoy it as much as possible —, there was fresh coffee, even some fruits… All that was missing was scrambled eggs and a bit of bacon.
"I can't believe you're alive. You… I'm so happy you're here. I thought… I thought I’d never see you again."
He assumed that everybody important would hear about his decision from Fury. It would have been easier to take himself out of the picture for a while, to vanish without a trace, but he also wanted to say goodbye face to face. He wasn’t sure if he was going to see them again, at least like this — if he was going to time travel during his space trip, it would explain why the other man hadn’t seemed to know what he was supposed to be doing on Earth. Maybe he was meant to leave it behind and come back earlier instead of later, to go home the long way round.
Steve was staring right ahead, perfectly still, so Tony moaned, loud and filthy and overacted. Steve shut his eyes.
Yes. He trusted Tony. He had been so good to Steve that night, telling him what to do, and everything had felt so good, so he squeezed his hand. The pain blinded him and then orgasm surged through his body, drawing a strangled gasp from his throat. Steve came all over the rug, making a mess on Batroc’s feet.
His days shaped themselves into a routine. Breakfast. To his office. Chatting with Natasha — Nat, she wanted him to call her Nat —. Dealing with her jokes at Steve’s expense. Dinner. Then dealing with Tony’s jokes at Steve’s expense. Sleep. Rinse and repeat. So he welcomed any day when something happened — even if it was inconsequential, the kind of memory that only looked important with the benefit of hindsight, once it had become a piece of the jigsaw of Steve’s life.
There was a small apple rolling on the floor and a young man grinning at the door. He looked rougher than Bruce and not… older, but more experienced. The lines in his face betrayed the kind of childhood Steve knew well — days filled with hunger and reckless play in equal measure.
, thrust into him, with an ease only made possible by Tony’s fingers and careful preparations. Another man — ruggedly handsome, this time, with broad shoulders and dark curly hair going from his dick to his chest — fisted Steve’s hair and pushed his half-hard dick into Steve’s mouth.
Steve stood up and went to Tony. So far, so normal. Tony began saying something about ‘Tokyo’ and ‘traffic’ when Steve grabbed him by the shoulders and… kissed him.
But Steve knew that was a lie. He dashed towards Tony but before he got there, an explosion rocked the sewers with such force that Steve was thrown back against a wall. He fell face-first into the water. Water flooded his mouth and stung his eyes. He couldn’t breathe. No air was reaching his lungs and he was weak and useless again and. And.
“This is how it is,” it simply says instead and turns around. That is the truth: the army will win and the Avengers will be dead. No sense in trying to deceive them.
And Tony would be farther away but… seeing this group of soldiers, fighting with only their bravery against an empire… It brought back memories and a long-forgotten duty. Not to a nation or to a title, but to Steve’s most deeply held convictions. He had always rooted for the underdog, after all.
Steve turned around and saw the Skrull kid from the day before. It was breathing heavily and clutching its chest — and there were no adults with it. He knelt in front of the kid.
Rhodes turned back on the pilot seat, and his voice cracked the silence. “Well, I guess this must be the place.”
Without a word, Steve stood up in one fluent elegant movement, crossed his arms, and stared down at Batroc.
Steve’s fingers let go of the sink. Right. He had to finish this. With one last glance at the mirror — face still reddish, but presentable —, he left the bathroom and strode back into the room. Batroc was standing up close to the window, wearing a gaudy gold-and-red robe. Not really his colors, but Steve had always liked the combination.
The rest of the landing party spilled out of their rooms and Tony stood in the middle of them, crossing his arms and trying to cover up his nervousness. He was almost succeeding, but they had been locked up together for too long — Steve knew how his throat bobbed when he was unsure, how his tongue darted out of his lips when he was thinking about what he was going to say, how he stretched his back to look taller when he had to make an announcement.
“Well, if you don’t want to ruin my marriage — and you don’t, because this is a very small space to handle a divorce — you’ll let me have the early shift so I don’t bother Laura.”
Steve blushed and was thankful Bruce couldn’t see it. “Oh, that’s not… I mean. I’m Security. That’s all I’m talking about.”
Pieces of the stall flew all around Steve. He closed his eyes, curled on himself, and tried to think. He could… throw the stall at them. Run. Try to catch up with the rest. Yes. That was the…
“It’s not growing anymore,” Strange said with a shudder. “I took a sample… and what I learned made me kill it.”
The only reason Steve heard the ‘you’re welcome’ was because of his super hearing, so he said nothing. If he pushed more, Tony would clam down again, like he always did. And Steve would have this uneasy, precarious understanding built on whispers and unsaid secrets, knowing that sooner or later he’d lose even that, than have nothing at all.
The rooftop was covered in cables and a myriad of odd antennae, but they didn’t have the time to wonder. What mattered was that they could see a few limping, bloodied Kree crawling out the sewer like cockroaches. They were dragging a small figure Steve recognized immediately. He walked to the edge of the rooftop and prepared to jump.
Tony looked satisfied. His face was like an open book, the complete opposite from his father. Was it a difference in nature or just the passage of time? Would Tony learn how to play it close to the vest, his sincerity buried under the burden of hard decisions and dark secrets?
“I’m gonna count that as a win,” Tony said and stood up. “That was fun. We should do that more often.”
While Potts and Hogan waited outside, Tony guided him into the hangar and into a very small office with no windows but with a very impressive lock. It was empty except for two chairs and a file cabinet. Steve didn’t wait until they were seated before asking. “Is this about aliens? And about what happened in 1992?”
“I promised a workspace. Big difference. Follow me,” Tony replied and walked to the back of the ship, toward the cargo bay. It was a vaulted space crammed full of boxes, cans, barrels, and crates. There were no windows here either — only the big cargo door that was currently closed.
That was it: everybody on the bar ran towards Nat, Bruce and Strange as the now red anemones began playing a shrill, fast melody.
‘You liked that, didn’t you?’ the man said and then Tony heard another slap and Steve whined. Tony hadn’t known Steve could whine like that.
“If they wanted him dead, they would have already killed him. We both know that. If they’re taking him, he’s…”
It would be too fraught. Too tangled up with his history and with the history of the other man, full of gaps and secrets Steve hadn’t learned yet. And he wasn’t even sure SHIELD was doing what it should be doing, if they were protecting the world like it needed to be protected. He heard Howard stand up.
“Well, that much is true,” Tony said, with a shrug. “And right, since we’re feeling generous, yes, it’s better if I don’t do this alone.”
He flushed again. A phrase floated across his mind… ‘My uncle said I couldn’t leave Berlin without trying out the nightlife.’
He imagined her. Their date. Them swaying to music, lost to everything else. The wedding and how gorgeous Peggy must have looked. Maybe a small house somewhere. Perhaps even children that weren't as sick as he had been growing up.
He wasn’t asked too many questions when he strolled into SHIELD headquarters and up towards Howard’s office. What did the guards know? Did they know he was Steve Rogers or had they been fed lies too? Maybe SHIELD's security was just that bad. He was thankful when the elevator ride was over — he hoped his brain would stop worrying too. Howard’s office was on the last floor, behind an impressive dark door.
That night, he slept like a log for the first time since he had… arrived in the future. No memorable dreams, no waking up in the middle of the night and no tossing around in bed. He woke up refreshed and hungry, so for his last breakfast in New York, he bought a bagel and some coffee. Then, he waited for his ride to arrive. It turned out to be a black car with a new, different silent driver.
“James Rhodes. Bruce Banner. Clint Barton and his wife and… and Natasha Romanoff,” the other man said, too quickly. This had been what had happened then, if he remembered the crew’s names that easily. Was this why he had been so emotional when he had mentioned Tony? The other man looked out the window. “It’s a good crew. Take good care of it and… and whatever Tony does, try to understand him. He’s a better man than either of us will ever be.”
“Wow, I’ve never seen anybody in such good shape before,” Strange asked, looking at his charts. “Did you say you worked for SHIELD?”
There wasn’t much left to say after that. On his way out, he stopped to look at the pictures of Howard’s family – the other man was there in a few of them, younger and looking almost like him. Sometimes there was also some dark haired boy. He wondered what his name was and how old he’d be now. Howard hadn't mentioned him, even if he had talked about his wife. Just more things he didn’t know about.
Steve shrugged and wondered what the 60s had been like. Tony hadn't been born yet if he remembered right. “It’s the only name I have.”
The infirmary wasn’t pristine, for the very first time in their journey. It reeked of alcohol and blood. there were used bandages in the trash can, and Nat’s bloodied jacket was laying on the infirmary’s bed.
Back in their room, Tony didn’t even bother changing out of the torn, grease-stained uniform he wore almost every day — instead, he just threw a jacket over his uniform and finished the look off with his sunglasses. He wasn’t like one of those people who painstakingly chose their clothes to give the illusion of careless cool; he really
His team nodded, with twin grins on their faces. Breakfast was fast and furious and clean-up was efficient and quick. Clint drank about three mugs of coffee and Steve was unwillingly impressed. Natasha, it turned out, had requested special cereal. The kind that looked like candy animals and tasted of plastic, at least according to Steve.
He took his phone but then decided against calling Peggy or Bucky. They'd try to make him stay out of obligation or fear. But he couldn’t be afraid, not when he knew the outcome. He’d survive the trip because he had to. And besides… he looked out of the window and pretended he could see the stars. What was there, waiting? He had read so many novels about it, so many comics about aliens and adventures in faraway planets. Nobody would know his name. He could be somebody else until it was time to go back to his own life, until the tech was ready and he was able to go back to his past.
“I’m… glad you’ve made this decision,” she said and she wasn’t lying because her smile was warm and genuine but Steve knew her enough to guess at the hidden sadness. “I can’t believe you’ll be our first man in space. We couldn’t ask for anyone better.”
Strange and Bruce showed up when it was ready — convenient timing, that — and Tony sat down second-to-last. “Hey, can somebody bring Rhodey? He’s obsessing over the course and I’d hate it if he had to eat his dinner cold, considering how… amazing and elaborate it is.”
‘What? This is a serious matter!’ Steve said with a very serious face. His pout somewhat spoiled the effect.
So he kicked off his shoes and climbed on top of the bed. The laptop crashed down to the floor. It didn’t matter — it was a piece of shit anyway. What mattered was the lube on his nightstand (a man had to be prepared). When he yanked the drawer open, it crashed on the floor. Tony leaned down the side of the bed and grabbed the small bottle.
But Nat wasn’t there — they were alone in the alley. Steve looked around: no sign of Kree soldiers. Had they lost her?
Steve nodded and tried to look calm. He wasn’t scared of being found out, not with the beard and not when Tony had grown up with the other, older version of himself. But he didn’t trust himself with his reaction — what if Tony was like his father? How could he hide any glimpse of recognition? How could he see Howard’s adult son and not let the wonder in his face show?
“I know, I know, but Hank Pym arrives at 8 AM and I need to have a presentable crew to fool him into thinking I got a competent, professional staff instead of a bunch of adrenaline junkies with nothing to lose!”
“See you tomorrow then,” he said but the kid had already wandered off. It was pestering the creature, laughing and poking at it.
When two days later Steve knocked on everybody’s doors around dawn, he was rewarded with whines, complaints and murder eyes. Only Clint was going to sleep in late and that was because he wasn’t part of the crew. The rest of them would train during the morning and into the afternoon if they weren't good at it. When he realized nobody was getting out of bed, he knew what he had to do. He went to the kitchen and prepared coffee. His ploy worked — a long line of sleepy people showed up one after the other, luring by the fresh coffee smell. Bruce had barely changed out of his pajamas, but Natasha and Rhodes looked sharp and fresh, despite the yawning.
‘I… My name is Roger Stevens. I’m from… Maine. I’m here on business. My uncle sent me to talk to some… associates of him.’
Tony smiled. It was a bright, confident smile that Steve found fascinating and that usually signaled trouble of the fun kind.
It was his turn to blush. “It’s… what we’ve found today, this life, this… place, these people… I never imagined it could even exist. I didn’t think the future could look like this. I… thank you, Tony.”
The first thing on the folder was a picture of a young man with wild dark hair, wearing a T-shirt with STARK SPACE EXPLORATION printed on it. He looked painfully young and the earnestness in his dark eyes was impossible to hide, even beyond the big sunglasses the kid was wearing. The next thing on the file was a very serious-looking blueprint of a spaceship.
The prettiest of them — lean muscles, elegant nose, shiny brown hair — grabbed Steve by the hips and without so much as a
As they followed Nat through a twisty tangle of back-alley, the crowds dwindled. The floating lights still floated above their heads, but there were no stalls and no flowers on the ground.
‘Batroc,’ Steve said and turned to face the mercenary. Batroc was wearing only pajama pants. His broad, hairy chest was still wet from his shower.
“Oh, can you make one of me? I can give you a tour of the station in exchange! I’m very good at that. Know all the shortcuts and the best places to eat and where the sewer snakes live.”
‘I… I did. You… You looked very beautiful. The way… your body is perfect and you were so willing. I had to stop myself from watching.’
Tony waved his hand. “Fury recommended you. That was good enough for Hill because I think she’s actually working for him. Now, for people I
Of course Fury already knew. He wondered if Tony was right and Hill did work for him — he’d tell Tony about it later. Or maybe he’d let Hill keep her secrets if it turned out she was keeping his.
‘You loved it, didn’t you? You looked like such a cockslut, letting him use you like that, that I had to erase all the footage.' Sadly or mercifully, he couldn’t erase it from his mind: the image of Batroc fucking Steve’s mouth would be in his wet dreams forever. ‘Best mission in a long time, wasn’t it? A chance to indulge your baser, darker desires. Give in. Let people defile the legend.’
After lunch, the Bartons settled in one of the rooms. Steve gave them space — he wouldn’t want to be in Laura’s place, leaving a husband behind. They couldn’t have been married for long, considering how young they looked. Why was she leaving, then? Was the money that good? He suspected it was a good salary, but he hadn’t gotten used to how money worked in the future yet.
“Rhodes, set a course to the next inhabited star system. We need to figure out where Kree take their prisoners.”
“Smarter than his dad, at least Howard seems to think so. You seem to think so too — you’ve always said he was going to change the world.”
No. That couldn’t be happening. He knew that tone of voice. He had heard it so many times, during the war. He couldn’t let it happen. He frowned.
Something shifted in the atmosphere as Batroc let his legs fall open. The outline of his cock made the fact that he wasn’t wearing any underwear clear.
The sound of boots hitting the ground down the street and the light of fires on the horizon. Looming shadows over the station. The smell of smoke and an alarm blaring. Screams in the universal language of desperation. Steve knew what this was — this was war.
The voice sounded odd yet familiar. He turned around with the chair still over his head. The stranger was… At first, Steve didn't want to believe it. But the broad shoulders, the muscles, the steely blue eyes, were too identical. Too familiar. He was older and his hair had started going gray around the temples, but he could recognize his own face. He wondered how old he was. Had the serum slowed that down? He had never dared to imagine what it’d do to his aging. It had always felt like too much of an illusion, as if imagining a life of peace was tempting fate.
“like I told you I like seeing the red light blink” Tony stated putting his pad down “okay Ross you have me here what is it that you want from me if you haven't noticed I'm a busy man I don't have a lot of time”
It took them almost half an hour of panicking and searching the whole tower before they had found her playing with Dum-E, U and butterfingers after that Tony had made sure J.J was with her 24/7 but it didn't help when mason teleported all over the tower
Feeling the shake of his shoulder, tony jolted upright he felt refreshed like he slept but Tony swore he didn't sleep and by the unease in his gut told him it wasn't a dream.
“Thank you your highness, i also want to thank you for your invitation into your beautiful country its quite lovely if this wasn't such an important matter i would be an honor to explore it” Tony said politely and professionally smooth talking had always been tony's gift no matter the debate or argument he was in he could always talk his way through But T'challa was an another matter.
Leaning back watching as pepper went about the kitchen it was a good idea even if meeting Ross send a shiver down his back he knew he had to do it,
“Change it, I was willing to find a God Damn Way To Change Every Fucking Word And Law On that Contract The Minute They Fucking Signed It” Tony's voice rising with every word he spoke.
Before T’challa could say anything about Tony’s proposal Tony’s phone went off and the tingle at the back of Tony’s head went from tingle to pounding headache that pulsed with pressure looking down at his phone tony saw it was pepper that was calling.
She should have known, God she should have said something now she hoped she wasn't too late as she ran down the hallway to the room they held Stark, Doctor Mason halliway had seen the way some of the guards had watched stark especially one of them that looked like he didnt want to keep his hands to himself but she didnt think they would be stupid enough to do something its the reason she didnt say anything in the first place but she regretted it now as she had noticed that none of the guards that had an interest in stark want at there intended posts and she knew why God she should have done something, she hated that hydra had a hold on her she wished she was braver to stand against them but her son was her weakness and finding a cure for his disease was one of her most important goals but seeing what they had done to stark and finding out what they had planned after the baby was born made he stomach turn she didnt want that for a child and it had made her think of her son and how much she would do anything to save him but not like this he would hate her if he had ever found out what she had allowed a baby to be used like this so she made up he mind she was going to help stark escape she just needed to find out how and now she needed to save him before something worse happened to him.
So here he is sitting in the room T'Tchalla had provided for him tired and trying to draw but his eyes could barely focus, everyone was busy doing there own thing its a moment of peace before another mission, Steve covered his mouth as a yawn overcame him he leaned his head against the headboard, he needed to sleep to stay focus for his team.
“I dont give a shit about what you think but seeing as we are already losing I'm not going down alone if hydra cant have the child then no one will” the guard aimed the gun at stark, her heart fell to her feet she couldn't let him do this she had to save them both.
Mulling over starks words, it was quite a lot to go on “ I take it you won't be telling me of which party you plan on exposing” T'challa asks.
“You have a name for her yet Tony,” pepper asked sitting on the edge of the bed, oh he had a name, a name he was in-depth too even though he knew he didnt own her anything but she had saved his baby and that was all he could ever wish for.
He was sitting enjoying his free day, his daughter was sitting in front of him she was babbling as she played with her toys, noticing it was masons feeding time.
Coming out of the memory tony let out a sad sigh “I know, I know” tony kissed mason on the cheek before he got into the quinjet waving at them as the door closes, it was going to be a long day.
Watching as the carrier flew away pepper looked down at her little Goddaughter she could see mason was upset to see her papa leave and not go with him “why don’t we go to the park for a little while huh what do you say” pepper chuckled as mason perked right up and clapped her little hands in agreement “the park it is them”.
Turning Strange and wong headed back into the room looking around to see if they could find whatever made that sound, there sitting smack dab in the middle of the room was the culprit full smiles and joy.
“Maybe it's best if we finish this conversation another time,” Rhodey said gripping tony as he still sways some more before he steady again.
Mr. Rhodes was worried about his friend and scared he could lose him, but what stunned Charles was the reason Mr. Rhodes was worried about he couldn't quite believe it.
“Sir you have an incoming video call from Colonel Rhodes” Friday announced pulling tony out of his project.
Tony felt her step closer to him fiddling with the machines next to him “I'm sorry about this, i had no other choice” she said tony felt his body go numb again he wanted to feel sorry for her but sympathy was in short supply at this time as he the world go dark again
“You see professor I’m only an aspect of mason I’m not her power or her persona what I am however is her buffer I become the person she needs to be when she is in danger or if she is unable to protect her own, as she grows so shall I and so shall our power and until her destiny has been fulfilled I will be here to protect those needed of my protection” Enigma explained questions buzzed through Charles mind one most for frontal then them all.
“Woah Steve, you alright,” Natasha ask helping him get steady looking around he could see all of the others that were with him, Sam, Wanda and Natasha and they were still in the air with Sam behind the controls.
“well before Mr. Hogan came speeding through the gates and up our driveway with a passed out tony in the back no less, there was this energy rush that went through the mansion almost like a gust of wind we didn't see it but we felt it, we thought nothing of it at first but then a few minutes later Mr. Hogan came rushing in and told us what had happened we realised what it was, so we went to take a look there were two cars completely destroyed by the way they rolled but other then that nothing” Charles explained, it didn't make sense to tony if Charles knew what it had been why not bring it up since the last visit Charles had stayed quiet.
Noticing the pained fling “you okay professor”Hank asked he was also surprised when he heard who was coming it took a day for it to sink in.
“which you shouldn't be having, did you drink the pills the doc gave you, you know you should drink it or else you get sick tony how many times-” as soon as Rhodey started to rant on about him not drinking his pills(which he does, throwing up half of his stomach is not his cup of tea) Tony interrupted him.
Sitting near the window vision watched the scenery outside not paying attention to the book that laid in his, his mind occupied with thoughts not even noticing Rhodey stepped out the elevator with baby in tow had him extremely curious.
“Mr. Stark it's an enjoyable event aren't you enjoying yourself,” T'challa asks eyeing tony almost as if he was searching for something, he was tired of being stared at Tony doesn't by any means have a self-esteem problem he knew he was hot even for his age so he shook it off and smiled.
“Dont worry tony ill send vision to come and get her” Rhodey explained as he rolled the bed “ but its time to go home”
Tony was smarter than Steve had given him credit for. He was also unable to be straight with Steve, always over-complicating the truth. “I’m sorry for...”
“Hey, you know all the stalls just off the entrance are more expensive, right? We can find it cheaper inside,” Rhodes said, but Strange ignored him.
But there was no time to lose regretting his choices, not when he had a job to do. Now that the last of the crew had disappeared into one of the alleys, a weight had lifted from Steve’s shoulders. He wouldn’t be able to keep track of them — the Kree had jammed all frequencies. So much for future technology. Nevertheless, he trusted his team to take care of the rest of the crew: Nat wouldn’t lose her cool and Clint would do anything to protect Laura. Besides, this wasn’t Rhodes’ first rodeo.
Steve couldn’t agree more. They sat down around the table while Clint took over cooking duties, if re-hydrating some lunches counted as ‘cooking’. But at least they looked tastier than C-rations. Technology had come a long way.
Was that… Yes, the glimpse of dark messy hair poking out from behind the stall was unmistakable. Tony had stayed behind because he was a stubborn ass who couldn’t follow orders if his life depended on it.
Steve leaped across the street and landed with a thud that was louder than advisable but there were no noises inside the room. Being careful now, he slid the window open and stepped into the hotel room. Even with no lights on, Steve could tell it was tasteful but bland. No visible computer or phone. He’d have to do a thorough search.
Steve was beginning to believe this trip wasn’t the most planned trip ever. It was as reckless as Howard had implied it was. Why was Tony doing it? Ego. Wanting to prove his father wrong. He crossed his arms. “Wait. So we have no medical team?”
It was understandable. So far, their expedition had been an exercise in frustration, but now… now it was real. The first part of their journey was over — and now they had to step into their roles as explorers and face the unknown. He sat up from his seat, feeling the weight of everybody looking at him, and walked to Tony. “What do you think we should do?”
Both Thor and Nat turned to look at Hulk. Clint stood up from his seat. It was time to see what the fuss was all about.
‘And very eloquent as well. Maybe you’re more of a man of action…’ he said, putting his hand on Steve’s cheek. Steve leaned into the touch, so Tony took it away and patted him on the chest. ‘Get naked. You have thirty seconds or I won’t let you fuck me.’
Steve gave the barest hint of a nod before doing as he was told. Batroc’s eyes went wider, but then Steve waited for further instructions.
Steve didn’t want to beat around the bush. He had a goal and no desire to spend more time with the other man than that was needed. “Is this… is this what happened?”
“And if we don’t get into that ship now,” Nat said. “All of us are going to die. Tony’s got no chance unless we survive.”
Steve’s mind was invaded by the filthy image of Tony’s mouth sucking on a bulging tentacle while another one slid into his pants. He shook his head — he needed to start jerking off before his brain got even weirder.
“Like I said, I’m joining you because I checked — none of you is a doctor. And that’s frankly stupid.”
“Oh, come on, Strange! Let’s go dancing!” he heard Nat say. He turned around and saw her pulling Strange’s arm.
It was good Steve remembered the way back because Tony kept getting distracted by the mechanic wonders around them. It didn’t matter that Steve didn’t get one word of what Tony was saying and still couldn’t understand how the station worked, he never got tired of Tony’s easy, giddy enthusiasm and of the way Tony’s hands moved when he illustrated his points. Even the odd devices and interesting food in the stalls couldn’t take his attention off the man walking beside him. Lost in their one-sided conversation, they were startled when they turned a corner and found the big entrance to the docks. Tony stopped and frowned.
The Kree were beginning to lose ground, confused about what to do. They were too close to shoot him without hurting each other, too slow to punch or kick Steve, too well-trained to run away. Steve didn’t care. As he lost himself in the flow of combat, the litany of punch-kick-punch-pain-jump-dodge, everything blurred but the bone-deep certainty that this was where he belonged. This was who he was.
His face reddened with shame and tears prickled his eyes. He had gotten hard and Tony knew. Tony knew. He shut his eyes. The job. The mission. He had to make Batroc come. Tony had said so.
She was as quick with the coffee as she was with her fists. Steve admired that about Nat: her efficient movements, her quiet steps across the ship. But he also admired her caring smiles and the small gestures she made, like giving him his coffee in his favorite mug. Like listening to everything he never said. “Laura’s gonna be mad you made coffee.”
About their lives together. Steve’s chest was filled with questions — had they had children? Were they happy? What else had happened in the world? He could learn everything there was to know about… about his life and then he could wait for it to happen. He imagined that and shuddered. “No, I don’t want to ruin the surprise,” he said.
His laughter chased Steve out of the room and into the bathroom. The light was still on so he closed his eyes and turned on the water. The water was scalding hot but it didn’t matter, he wanted to be clean fast. He grabbed the hotel soap and rubbed his face clean. It hurt, so he put his forehead against the mirror. The cold glass was comforting and his hands gripped the edge of the sink. Slowly, his stomach began to settle.
“I don’t mind it. But I think it’s better if we save the wedding anecdotes for when we’re bored. And it’s nine months, by the way.”
. In the back of his mind, Tony’s spirit of scientific inquiry filed the fact away with the rest of the Super Serum Facts. But at the top of it, Tony’s reckless penchant for endangering his emotional well-being was in charge. Instead of taking off the towel or walking away like a normal person, Tony put his hand around Steve’s throat. Steve didn’t move, but his pulse went up.
“Always so competent. While you got us useless intel, I got us the admiration of the lead mechanic and a million credits. I have no idea how much they’re worth. They’re probably scamming me.”
‘Hey, guys, game’s over,’ he said, but there was no need. The guy sitting on Steve’s face was already standing up with a worried frown and the hairy guy was helping the other man up. Everybody else was respectfully stepping away from Steve. Oh, why did they have to be polite? Tony couldn’t even hate them now.
When they got to the dance floor, Steve threw his arms around Stark’s neck. They had to be convincing. If Steve was going to do this, he was going to go the whole nine yards. They danced to the music — Steve could barely hear it over the sound of Stark’s voice — and pretended to chat. Steve remembered to laugh once or twice even if he couldn’t quite breathe. Stark’s hands slid down the sides of his body and settled on his waist. It wouldn’t be so bad if they went a few inches down… He was so busy pretending to be cool, pretending he didn’t want to run away screaming and then come back and kiss Stark, that he didn’t notice they were so close to the wall until Stark pushed him against it.
They left the cockpit one by one and the landing party walked to their rooms to suit up. Steve was done first. He had never unlearned the quick, breathless rhythm of the military — suiting up was muscle memory so he could do it in minutes even if his hands shook and his brain was full of all the ways their mission could go wrong. While he waited, he sat in one of the sofas and looked up the skylight. Shiny ships passed overhead because space was no dead emptiness, but the home of thousands of different people. Entire kingdoms and vast empires grew and crumbled while people on Earth remained clueless.
“I think the throw blanket makes this room look cozy and Laura will leave me if I tell her secrets so… Stevens can’t cook for shit and last week he ruined an entire packet of re-hydrated lunches. He hid them at the bottom of a crate, but we all know.”
Refugees. That’d explain the way Skrulls would scan the crowds, waiting for a familiar face. Some were rewarded with a tight embrace and tears. Others were left empty-handed and would move to the next ship, hoping this time it’d hold the face they were looking for.
The closest exit was about 20 feet away: light came through a small opening around 10 feet above The ladder had fallen off, but… yeah. He could handle it. He jumped on a small mountain of rubble and waited for Nat.
“A bar brawl,” Steve said. Clint had now joined the fray by sucker-punching a tree-like alien who was trying to trip Nat. “We need to get away before we get into trouble.”
Said room was still small and still cramped with Tony’s things, but that was going to change. First, he put his standard-issue digital alarm clock on top of his shelf. He didn’t want to slack off and it was important to have a set routine. He kicked open the locker at the feet of his bed and took out some sweatpants. It was a relief to get out of the white uniform. Technological marvel or not, but it wasn’t roomy enough around… certain parts of his anatomy.
Hogan was standing next to his boss, trying to look imposing and failing at it. Steve sketched him with even wider shoulders and crossed arms, towering over a very tiny Tony.
“You better catch me,” she said. Then she took a few steps backward. She sprinted towards Steve and, right before she hit the heap of rubble, she jumped on his hands. Without much effort, he helped her jump up. When she grabbed what was left of the ladder, it wavered but it didn’t fall. Nat pushed herself up the ladder and out to the streets. Steve sighed with relief. That was step one out of the way.
Steve was never one to stay where he was unwanted, so he turned his back on them and went toward his room.
“Did you… plan for this? Or was it just a coincidence the ship can house eight people and not just six?”
Tony was in his element, and Steve didn’t know whether he was telling the truth or bluffing or walking the line between those two things. It didn’t matter — Steve’s pulse was racing all the same.
Steve knew that he had to rein her in, but Strange’s expression was just too funny. Strange threw the dart back at them — it landed about two feet away from them — and went back to his med bay, huffing. Steve would have to apologize later.
The other man stared straight at the wall. "HYDRA had captured him. It took me years to track them down and rescue him like he deserved,” he said, with the rehearsed cadence of somebody who had told the story many times. “I wanted to bring him back to us. To let him have the life he should have had."
“Okay, you want me to play your stupid game? Fine. You jerk off in the shower so hard you fell on your ass.”
No. Tony. He had to… He stood up and opened his eyes. There was no fire and the water was calm, but there was only a wall of rubble where Tony and the Kree had been.
He pictured Fury keeping his eye on things like he had kept an eye on Steve. He imagined the other man, working in some big SHIELD office, reading reports and picking recruits and then going home to Peggy. “Well, there seems to be plenty of people already.”
When he caught Tony in his arms, Steve realized he was smaller and lighter than he had expected. Maybe all the bravado made him look taller. But now, up close — so close Steve saw his blushing cheeks and his long eyelashes —, Tony looked almost fragile.
Just a few minutes ago, Rhodes had been the perfect picture of a cold-blooded, confident pilot, but talking to Tony always turned him back into a college student, sprawled on his pilot seat with a comically over-the-top long-suffering expression.
The final approach took less than twenty minutes. They were lucky their pilot was Rhodes — he knew how to navigate tight spaces without betraying any nervousness. It helped calm the rest of them down, even if Tony was apparently already immune to it and was busy bouncing all over the ship. So Steve was thankful when they finally docked and they were able to get out of the ship.
Steve hunched. He knew they were very close friends, but why did he want to monopolize Tony’s time like that? Steve had assigned them teams for a reason… Efficiency. Yes. That was the reason.
“I’ll stay too, Grant,” Nat said, finally unfurling from her position. “I can see you’re itching to get out.”
Life settled into a routine. He spent his days drawing the new city, punching bags and reading up on the history he had had a hand in shaping, even if he didn’t remember it. SHIELD paid for the bags he broke and for his rent, so he didn’t even need to work. They started filling his fridge with groceries once they realized Steve hated this brave new world and how everything tasted and smelled. The only place he enjoyed was the gym — it looked old and decrepit. Out of place, like he felt.
They had their last meal on Earth silently. It was nothing special — instant mac-and-cheese — and Steve wished he had thought of something better, a better good-bye. It didn’t sound like the last meal before a mission that was almost suicide. Nobody was rushing to make one last call home or writing a letter to their mother. There were no silent tears and no boisterous toasts. It seemed they had all said their good-byes before. A bunch of ghosts, already gone.
“Oh, yeah, he’s not as chill as he looks like,” Tony said. “Ask him about that time his Ph.D. adviser tried to tell him he was wrong.”
“Oh, I’ll be waiting for you, remember? No need to miss me,” she said, caressing his cheek. He wanted to lean in, to steal a kiss, but it would be foolish. Somebody else was kissing her and she wouldn’t miss
‘Yes. If you’re unwilling to pay what I’m asking for,’ Batroc said, hooking a thumb under his waistband and leaving it there. ‘I have two words for you — Harvester Protocol.’
When he got out of the bathroom, Steve was hunched over the small table in the room, demolishing one roasted chicken, three types of curry, four steaks, and seven types of salads without a care in the world.
“I… I don’t know how to do it. Two left feet, always,” Steve stammered out. Wow. He was still as awkward as ever. It was almost as if he was back in the past, being turned down by a girl at the dance.
They shook their heads. “This is our job, not yours... If you want to help the Skrull, find Captain Marvel. Help her. She’ll know what to do with a bunch of humans.”
Tony goes into his second trimester and OMG the project (psst it's not so fab as I wanted it but it would do
Shaking his head “No and i have a feeling i dont want to know” Tony said worry churning in his stomach knowing that whoever is coming isn't a good thing.
“well if this operation goes right we will have him where we want him” debroski can be one sick fuck when he wants to be he was glad he wasn't in starks place”Hydra will grow to its former glory if not better” debroski shared a smile with him and for one moment he felt a small part of sympathy for the billionaire
Tony wanted the best for his daughter, he wanted her to have everything he didn't have, loving home and a loving family, friends she could go out with a boyfriend he could threaten.
Having that been said T'challa thought it would be best if they moved on with the discussion at hand“ what do you have in mind for the accord what is it that you want to change”
Coming back to consciousness the constant dizzyness and fog that lingered in his head was starting to become more of a pain than before, he could tolerate it before and move on but now he was tired of it, everything was fuzzy as he was coming to realize he wasn't at the hydra base anymore, when it all came back to him the attack or so say rescue attempt the pain of labor and oh god Dr. Halliway her jumping in front of him taking the bullet meant to kill his baby.
“Sometimes but it doesn’t matter I will always love mason no matter the problems we will just have to deal with it when the time comes,” tony said his voice confident and strong his devotion to his daughter was astounding.
So on march almost April there had been massive power cuts basically we only had 4 hours of power so no reading writing and posting so i got a power bank and decided to read some of the old fanfic that i download while i write but then you see i was attacked, it was dramatic there were many of them, sterek, steter, steo, stacton, sciles,stargent even staloin(i think that was it) and yes they were all teen wolf*SOB*SOB* it was overwhelming.
“You look beyond tired why don't we get you to bed” urging tony up by his shoulders Rhodey walked Tony to his room.
“I am kind of wondering how had it happen if it's even possible,” Hank asks sitting in the chair opposite of his leaning forward his elbows resting on his knees.
Waking up tony felt fuzzy and sore his arms were above his head and he could feel a cold services on his back, there were metal bracelets on his wrists and ankles, his eyes were heavy due to the drug that was still in his system a flash of panic went through him hoping whatever they gave him didnt hurt his baby girl, opening his eyes slightly tony looked around the light was making his head throb he could see much with the way he was bound but he could make out a few details of the plain room, there were camera's all around the room tony tried to see through them but his head was still too groggy to get inside the technology behind them his head throbbed every minute he tried and tony felt himself starting to lose consciousness again.
I dont know if i have said this before but i am going to say it again thank you all for the comments kudos and all the hit i appreciate it a lot<3<3
All Tony just wanted to do was turn to his side and go back to sleep if only the voice who keeps calling his name would get the picture, moaning tony tries to open his eyes again, Tony swore as the first thing he spotted was a very worried looking Rhodey staring down at him how he got at Xavier's mansion Tony had no idea but he knew what was in store for him.
“Okay let's go out back there are some people who cant wait to see you,” Charles said smiling as he turned and headed for the house.
(2. He was handcuffed to the bed, raising his head (with was a bad idea because now his head is more of an agonizing pain then a dole throb) looking down his chest to see his whole lower torso is littered with bandages, and does that not bring back shitty memories luck this time they gave him an anesthetic.
Ross was already waiting for Tony when he stepped into the room, warning bells were going off at the back of his head, Ross was being to quiet for a man who liked the sound of his own voice.
“I've had a place arranged for you to stay, pack only the most important stuff the rest will be supplied to you when you need it,” he said while tony ushered her inside the house.
“Okay your right we need some time out,” Tony said wiping off his hands ever since he had taken mason to the park she had loved it, she loved looking at all the pretty colors and pointing out the butterflies, laughing as daddy puts her on his shoulders because she didnt like wearing shoes it made his heart melt.
With the sound of banging and grinding metal gone tony concentrated on the beat of his babies heart while the world around him go dark.
“There was nobody there the cars were empty, it took us a while to get there and with the time of your arrival they must have run off and there was no trace to where they went, ”Charles said, he shouldn't be surprised the bad guys almost always get away and that they would try again and succeed was not making tony feel any better it made it worse so much worse.
{Tony} keep doing what you're doing but keep it low with all the new shit going on in the world it wouldn't be so hard for the council to decide to bring back the only Organisation that knows how to get rid of them.
“Not Completely sure Mr. Barton but I'll inform all of you if it's anything of importance but as I said to stay inside the guest wing,” T'Challa said before nodding his goodbye and leaving with his Dora bodyguards trailing behind.
“No we can't” Charles sighed “There is also another thing we need to discuss, after the worldwide Earthquake that Mason had caused it led me to a discovery one you may not like,” Charles said with a slight hesitance which didn't help with his confusion and worry what was wrong with his daughter and how bad was it.
“Okay long story short, before this trip I had a meeting with Ross he wanted to know where bartons family were so I lied and said I didn't know, a few hours after that i started getting a buzz in the back of the head, and now i just found out Ross is so close finding bartons family, i need to get them out of there and somewhere safe” tony Explained to Rhodey hoping he would understand.
Tony hated when rhodey is upset and he is the reason why he hated himself for worrying rhodey when he had more important stuff to do." Okay okay, you can have Friday call".
“Friday called me told me to come Tones are you alright,” Rhodey said leading tony toward his chair so he could sit but Tony didn't want to shit he didn't want to move, he hurts, his stomach felt too tight he looked up at the ceiling with an almost accusing look.
No matter how hard he tried tony couldn't stop thinking about the dream he tried working on formulas and designs for a new suit for Peter and himself he couldn't do the heavy lifting for obvious reasons so he did the little things.
“Tony” Rhodey called out as he touched his shoulder and arm grounding him giving him something to focus on again.
Nodding his head he recalled stark's pained gasp and Colonel Rhodes fast worried reaction to it and him almost leading tony out, always at touching length, like he was worried tony was going to fall over any minute “It would explain what we saw” T'challa said to Okoye she nodded as well.
“Lay still and shut up Stark you don't really want to hurt the baby but it's going to happen if you don't stop moving” Gaurd McCrawl snapped before he surged forward sealing his lips on Tony's, the utter disgust as tony fought against the hold on his jaw while McCrawl stuck his tongue in Tony's mouth, fighting against the invasion but failing to get free tony did one thing that would do the trick he bit down on the intruding tongue as hard as he could almost tasting blood.
The arranging of parties and meeting was also tiring him out, Tony was now almost 3 months pregnant and he could see the small changes to his body easy to hide but still a little alarming.
The pardons, however, were a pain in his ass he couldn't for the life of him get his point through the council members' heads, it was frustrating.
“Yes it has Colonel Rhodes is in DC speaking with the president while Ms. Potts is handling the public and social income and outgoing while I’m arranging the members Charles Xavier have already agreed to be a member for the mutants rights and we would be honored if you would take the seat for the Enchanted Individuals right while if and when humans get trailed colonel Rhodes will be taking that seat for the human rights if ever it comes to it” Tony explained.
Turning towards Rhodey and pepper who was sitting at the far end of the table barely containing their laughter at his struggle “this is ridiculous she doesn't want to eat this shhh...irt she doesn't even want to try it” Tony said glaring at both of them and covered up his near curse word, it was not funny he needed a new supplement for Mason one that would make her full and keep her healthy.
Looking at the metal robotic dog tony was impressed how mason had made it, along body wired and covered with metal plates, four legs, it neck connected with long wires that had also been covered in metal plates he could see there were some spots that had been welded on which he had guessed that Friday had helped her with, its beak was pure metal along with the sharp teeth that were in its mouth which looked impeccably sharp for a six-year-old he hoped Friday had done them just thinking mason had ground them sharp made an unease shiver up his back, he looked at its eyes seeing it was tiny camera lenses that had been adjusted into its tiny head, to say tony was impressed was an understatement.
It was a somewhat normal afternoon he had gone to meetings in the morning, did the paperwork that pepper needed him to do and most important part got seen by his employees it was a weird feeling to be out and about after being cooped up for so long but it necessary giving that tony was near the end of his first trimester and he was really starting to show luckily he could still hide under oversized clothes and the excuse he gained weight is still in the works.
Nodding his thanks for the compliment“ you were quite livid when we spoke, you said you had something of importance to discuss and as you've seen i dont open my door for just anything” T'challa said Tony understood he really did it had only been recently that Wakanda had become a partly known country and to witness the faces when they had been told that the once known third world country was, in fact, the most advanced country in the world was priceless.
“He's Coming” Mason sleepy mumbled before dropping down to sleep leaving tony with more questions than answers.
Tongues battling for dominates all he could hear was their heavy breathing, the taste of tony, the feeling of his body pressed against tony's Steve couldn't get enough it was driving him insane
“ if you'll just lay down for me we can get it started” laying back on the bed as the doctor got the equipment ready,“now Mr. Stark this will be cold”he stated as he applied the cold clear gel to his stomach
“I gave a sample of my blood to Friday to see what they injected me with Friday will alert me when she is done shouldn't take long nonetheless”
Carrying in the unconscious stark he didn't know what exactly debroski had in mind for him he sure know it must be sick as all hell for keeping stark here for so long without scrambling his mind like they did to the winter soldier although they know stark wasn't going to make them weapons so why not kill him or screw him up a lot but it wasn't his place to question the boss he just did what he was told,
“Ross found the farm he had a team sent out to apprehend your family to use as bait for you but he was too late they were already gone and don't thank me thank Tony Stark he was the one who saved your family he was the one who gave me the phone to give to you” T'challa said he watched as Shock, Anger, and distrust cross his face he just knew barton was going to say something idiotic.
“Are they safe” T'challa ask Tony admired T'challa even when Barton family wasn't his problem he still cared to know if they were safe hell he had a whole country to run Barton and the rest of the Avengers weren't his problems but he still took them in along with Barnes.
Shaking his head tony chuckles softly almost a whisper “Of course you knew, why did you stay quiet about it” Tony asked he expected it he was confused about the why and how “ and if you can't go inside my mind how did you find out”.
After being stopped by a few party members tony only caught the tail end of T'challa conversation with the other person before he swept in “Your Highness I'm glad to see you're enjoying yourself tonight” Tony greeting T'challa patting him on the shoulder tony could see the Dora standing close by if he didnt know who they were he would have easily mistaken them for guests.
Just as he was about to open the door he was sure his watch was in he was grabbed from behind pushing back he got off an elbow gut shot before he was shoved against the wall by another pair of hands.
“I knew you were a traitor, should have gotten rid of you month ago” the Guard pointing the gun toward her “But no they had to need you i bet you even played apart of convincing them they needed you just so you could be neer stark”.
Knocking on Barton's door T'challa waited he could hear movement coming from the other side before the door open to a sleepy Clint “Your Highness is everything alright” Clint asks running a hand through his already tousled hair.
Hi sorry it has been very long I didn't really like how I changed it before so I redid it I'm so pleased but while I did it I got a nasty stomach virus that made me sleep a lot anyway I made it longer added a few twists and a couple of surprises so I would read it from the beginning  thanks for reading
“I dont know what to think i practically insulted him and blamed him for everything but he still saved my family and got me to them” Clint replied
“Overly tight and pain,” the doctor said“ ah i see you Mr.Stark have experienced what we consider the Braxton hicks.
Looking at the kid that had enter the room tony couldn't really see what made the kid a mutant he looked almost the same age as Parker, the kid had black hair, a lean and long frame the only thing that does give him away is his eyes Rainforest green with a bright glow which was quite impressive.
“well it's strange, mason's powers are growing that is a fact but we can't exactly determent what they are exactly, on one point Mason show signs of Power over Manipulation Such as channeling, inducing effects, manipulating, mimicking, empowering, replicating powers, absorbing powers, etc, but then she leans towards Energy manipulation, which isn't exactly strange we do have an omega mutant with those abilities but Vulcan isn't here so how she mimicked or absorbed his powers we dont know, the only rational conclusion i can come up with is secondary mutation, but again those only come at a great deal of stress and it's limited to healing and appearance” Charles explained beckoning tony on as he started moving again.
It wasn't the first time they were requested the Avengers were on a mission when the throne was   taken over by Erik killmonger and only Arrived back when it was dealt with T'challa had informed them that he was going to reveal Wakanda to the world and it may gain unwelcome attention so they had to be more careful about how they deployed their missions he was just glad they were able to continue that T'challa understood the need to be able to protect people from harm so he didn't ask or even imply them to stop even with the amount of harm it could do if they were caught which made him, even more, determent to not get caught.
“Why am i even here, there are enough pompous billionaire big-shits here to worry about my money” Tony sneered the venom dripping from his voice, looking around the big crowd with distaste.
Frowning T’challa read report of mutant law enforcers using brutality and force on mutants even when said mutants had on the devices that doesn’t allow them to use their powers going as far as beating one to death and got away with it.
“and where do you think your going stark didn't think we're going to let go of you that easy now did you, you're going to pay for what you did back there but first its time for your medicine,”
Shocked steve could only place his hands on Tony's hips, lips moving against his and hands in his hair, coming out of the stupor he starts kissing tony back.
“i was, the question is tony why aren't you on the couch in the living room or better yet in bed where you can rest?”Rhodey replied knowing what his answer would be, he had to push he couldn't let Tony put any added pressure on himself as he always does even if it wasn't his job or his problem, he's and the baby's health depended on it even thou it was still strange to even think of a man with a baby yet stranger its his best friend and brother, he has had a protective feelings over tony since M.I.T now its more overpowering than before he couldn't stand tony getting hurt not before and not now.
“Any idea to where the money is going Fry,” Tony asked placing the paperwork on the neatly placed pile he had sorted out, he was already getting irritated at the pile (Why were there so much paperwork)he was really tempted to leave it be but out of the thing he had to do and the things he could do in his state right now the paperwork was a safer bet.
Patting tony on the back“ i understand we will figure it out but you're not going out alone, just give me a few minutes and ill go with you”.
“Tony have you figured out a way to help mason control her powers,” Charles asked drawing his attention back to him.
Charles was going to tell bow to take a break when a piercing pain shot through their minds, pushing bow backward with force knocking him out cold while the rest of them held their hand to their heads.
“So the baby is fine,” Rhodey asked the pure relief that went through tony almost made him feel numb his baby was fine.
After they left Xavier Mansion the static at the back of Tony's mind became unbearable, laying back against the headrest of the car tony closed his eyes the memories were still fresh in his mind.
“I saw what had happened to uncle Bucky I saw him fall off the train,” mason said with a soft whisper tony closed his eyes he hated masons dreams some days showing her thing he hoped she never saw “daddy was very sad when he couldn’t save Uncle Bucky”.
Stifling a laugh Rhodey wiped away a fake tear and joked “that is so touching man I'm so proud“ finally giving in Rhodey laughed.
Opening the door Steve noticed a worried looking sam standing in front of his door “Hey everything okay I've been knocking for ten minutes straight” Sam said.
And scratch that apparently they can. “no I heard you the first time but if you have not noticed I'm a man, men can't get pregnant, for a doctor, I would have thought you would know that we don't have the right equipment”tony stated while he gestured toward his body, trying to prove a point.
But Tony could tell the pills were not working anymore the nausea was coming back and the constant dizziness was also returning, “you okay tone” Rhodey asked as he leaned against the doorway, it wasn't the first time Rhodey had seen him like this and tony doubt it would be the last, he was grateful for the support but he hated to be seen like this to be seen as weak starks are made of iron, they don't get sick but then again men don't get pregnant either.
“I know you said you will go when it gets worse but I can't see you like this it's been more than a week tony please call in a doctor please”rhodey begged.
“Are you sure you're not pushing yourself, Tony, I know you have a lot of work to do but you need to look after yourself?” Rhodey asked he was worried Tony was pushing himself again he knew Tony too long to know he will push himself till he either passes out or be put out and neither was good for tony.
“You brought me to a restaurant that meant something to you, and it was very sweet and whatever, so I’m making you a home-cooked meal. Because I exist to one-up you,” I say, gesturing at Steve with my wooden spoon. Droplets of soy sauce fling off and land on the floor in front of him.
“Ach, I know, I know…I just…I mean…okay. After everything we’ve been through, you just show up out of the blue, checking in on me, a sad little widower living in the middle of nowhere…and now you’re suddenly interested in me? Doesn’t that sound a bit like a charity case?”
My knees hit the ground with a clank, and then the room falls morbidly silent. No operatives are left standing. They're strewn about the room in a haphazard fashion, and even in the dim light I can see dark patches of blood steadily pooling from their wounds. I'm reminded, bitterly, of the dreams. Of lying in the middle of the battlegrounds, watching my friends get picked off one-by-one, and lying there until something—or someone— wakes me up.
I inspect the drink, which is now half unidentified fruity liquor and half scotch, and set it back down. Tony makes his way back around the bar. He’s wobbling so much one might think there’s a tightrope spanning the five steps it should take to get there.  He sways to halt only a few inches before my face, close enough that I can make out each worry line, each dark eyelash, that drop of scotch that’s clinging to his beard. He clears his throat and takes a step back, breaking eye contact. I continue to stare evenly.
He hesitates. We lock eyes, the prosthetic still suspended between us, his fingers brushing against mine. He tightens his grip for a brief moment before releasing both of my hands and tucking his own into his jacket pockets. He offers a slight nod that I can’t even begin to decode.
“Right, point the base towards me and pass me those wire-cutters. No, no, not—Yes, there you go. Thanks doll.” I delicately maneuver the cutters through the mass of tiny wires until I dig up an orange one, which I snip with some gusto that’s only dampened by the possibility of a mansion-wide explosion. So, carefully. I cut it carefully. I nod at the panel on the counter, and Steve gets to work putting it back together. “Don’t worry, cap, I won’t need your help much longer. Once I master the blueprints for this prototype, I’ll be able to mass-produce it. We’re talking an arm in any color of the rainbow, or maybe an arm with all the colors of the rainbow, if I’m feeling festive. How do you feel about holo?”
Shards of vibranium hit my face, and my hands hit the pillar, which crashes back down with double the force. Tony cries out. "Steve, Steve, you have to stop. My leg—I can't. I can't get out."
I line up the cut, brace the shield with both of my palms, and plunge it through his leg with all of my strength. He screams, but I can't hear it. All I hear are explosions. Rumbling. The symptoms of the time we've wasted, signaling our closing window of opportunity.
The control room exits onto a metal catwalk, spanning the length of the expansive room I now find myself looking out onto. This room alone must take up a majority of the facility; it's massive, with a vaulted roof supported by hefty concrete pillars. It looks to be their assembly room, if the conveyor belts and various types of machinery are any indication, but most of the equipment is covered in tarps. There's no one in sight.
I consider his eager face, his genuine smile, and calculate the likelihood of this being the timeline in which I manage to say no. The odds are slim to none. I suppose that’s how I got into this situation in the first place; he’s very persuasive, and I’m too soft to disappoint him. I take his hand.
The waitress fills our glasses with ice water. I thank her, take a sip. “Maybe I was saving it for someone special.”
Not all nights are created equal. Some are endless voids, begging to be filled with something other than restless busy-work and distractions. Perhaps sleep would fix the problem, but it also happens to be the root of the issue; the longest nights are always the ones when my brain is too loud to sleep.
I don’t feel like I’m getting it, but it’s a little less intimidating when I let him do all of the work. It’s enough of a challenge just to keep myself steady while he propels the two of us around the pond. I do manage to push off a couple times with minimal success, though. Followed by a couple stumbles.
"Try me again in about a year, we'll see if the guilt's worn off by then." I turn to Nat. "I'll text you when I'm done, okay?"
I scramble to regain control, grasping at branches that snap in my hands, barely managing to swing my legs underneath me before hitting the forest floor. The thrusters counteract my inertia, awarding me a short moment to assess the damage. There's a strip of exposed skin on my shoulder, little more than a surface wound, but nothing like a scratch—this was a burn. The nanites re-form around the strip of tender flesh.
My mind is still clouded, reeling from what just transpired. I’m also a little winded. It’s like Tony sucked all the air from my lungs. I shake my head. “You’re unbelievable.”
"Tony." I grab a fistful of Scott's shirt and force him to face me, in the moment not apologetic for the wince of pain I caused. "Where is he, Lang?"
"Something's wrong here, Tony. There's got to be a reason for them to retreat like that. Did you see anything on your way over?"
"That's something I'll drink to," Sam says. "You're gonna have to explain how the hell you got to this point, though. That must be quite the story."
The nurse leads me down a long, sterile-smelling hallway, stopping at his door and stepping aside to let me enter.
