“To see the pipes in the strongroom for myself at my leisure, yes,” said Sherlock. A look from both John and Lestrade made him add angrily, “I’m a consulting detective, Lestrade, not a burglar!”
“He’s done an… admirable job managing independently, all things considered,” said Mycroft. “He’s fortunate no one has stumbled across something like this before. Though I suppose the lack of people… lingering as long as you have would cover things up.”
“John.” Sherlock gave him a look that was equally exasperated and uncertain. “I’ll… think about it.”
John raised his arm enough to make a rude hand gesture. “You wanting tea is not a crisis. I’ve only had four hours’ sleep.”
“Correct,” said Sherlock succinctly, and he fell silent. If he was being obvious, it was a more complicated issue than just John’s usefulness. He knew that. He was lying to himself if he tried to pretend it was as simple as being ‘for the Case’. There was that something about John Watson that he was trying to figure out, but he could not put this into words.
Sherlock generally preferred the company of his experiments and empty flat to the company of actual, living people.
Sherlock considered how much better his life would be if he could sink into the sofa cushions and vanish through the floor below and beyond, while John adjusted his gloves as if he was adjusting armor in preparation of a long and dismal battle.
Sherlock locked eyes with his older brother. “There’s a bomb,” he said flatly, and he pointed at John’s chest.
All I can say in my defense is that the end of the semester was a nightmare, and summer has proved a continuation of all the hectic stuff going on. For those who don't know, I graduated from Brown University at the end of May after a long, bloody battle with my thesis (I am a geologist) and since then have been preparing to start grad school in August as well as get some research-related things completed and some health problems sorted out.
Lestrade stared at Sherlock, livid. “Oh no,” he said harshly. “You’re going to shut up. Do you have any idea of the position you’ve just put me in? It’s not like I can explain this all away. If anyone started to suspect something was wrong, it’s me they’d go for, Sherlock—I let you in on the sodding case!”
Ultimately, John found himself idly writing in his notebook or reading through the files Sherlock designated ‘potentially promising’ whenever Sherlock was out (which was, easily, most of the time) and letting Sherlock bounce ideas off of him whenever the Detective was in. His only solace in the entire thing was that Sherlock always returned for the night—sometimes closer to the morning than the night, but still—so John didn’t have to worry too much. The threat of Moriarty became more of a rumbling and distant storm cloud, and less of an immediate and inevitable lightning strike to the chest. He didn’t need to anxiously pace whenever Sherlock ventured out.
For that matter, whenever Moriarty decided to bring about the beginning of the end, Sherlock suspected that it would be without layer upon layer of intrigue. Things would be clear, one way or another. It was all a question of anticipating Moriarty’s moves and countermoves before Moriarty could anticipate his.
“Yes, yes,” said Sherlock, stepping out. “When I have information to pass along, I’ll pass it along. Until then, do me a favor and try not to worry.”
“Right.” John examined the door again. “But then again, most people don’t think ‘magic’ when they find out someone they thought was dead is, in fact, alive.”
“We should go,” said Sherlock, getting to his feet and straightening as he donned his gloves. He glanced at John. “Ready?”
Mycroft said nothing as Sherlock and John vanished into the hall, and John shut the door quietly after them.
“We wanted to get here early. Start making a plan,” said John, speaking for the first time in several minutes. His voice was still sharper than usual, the evidence of an anger he wasn’t yet prepared to let go of. Sherlock rather thought he was avoiding eye contact. “We came directly after stopping at the hospital…” He trailed off.
At last, the curtains were all drawn, and Sherlock turned back to face the room. He moved a few steps forward, and sat in his usual chair by the window. John sat in the chair opposite.
The back of his head ached from the last punch, and he hurried to collect himself as the second attacker lay sprawled on the ground in front of him.
“Little, beyond what I’ve told you,” said Sherlock. He considered exactly how much to tell. He preferred to keep something back. Namely, what was still uncertain. So finally, he continued, “As I said, the police have noticed you are missing from the morgue. They assume body-snatching, but have no leads as of yet. Nor much in the way of a definitive motive. Obviously, there’s speculation that you could somehow constitute evidence relating to a terrorist threat in London, but I’ve already told them that you don’t, not as a dead man.”
They reached the second floor, and Sherlock opened another door to reveal a set of rooms. He stepped inside and went straight for the kitchen (turning on the kettle and hiding a few of the more unusual chemicals he’d been studying by stuffing them into his oven mitt), while John looked around the flat.
Sherlock steepled his fingers before his lips. He hadn’t even realized he was smiling. But he was. He certainly was.
There was some debate at the door as they worked. One of the snipers snapped, “There shouldn’t be half a dozen doctors in an area that just saw fire. This isn’t exactly a good vantage point for us to make sure everything really is clear.” The lead doctor exchanged a few words with them, outlining their orders—while the rest of the medics ignored the conversation altogether, and carried on.
Sherlock let the silence hang in the air for a moment before he spoke again. Soo Lin’s gaze returned to his face as he said, “I’ve been doing everything I can to bring Moriarty down. I was doing so before your brother died. And I intend to keep doing so, in spite of the warning your brother’s death was supposed to convey. Moriarty and I aren’t finished with one another just yet.”
Working as fast as I can to write in spite of juggling many projects at work, so stay tuned for the next update in a couple weeks. I promise to be true to my word and have regular updates for the rest of the summer!
So glad Sherlock and John get to transition from one stressful situation right into another stressful situation...
To all of you still reading, thank you so much for sticking with me! Your feedback means a lot :D <3
Once it was only herself and Sherlock left in the room, the woman spoke. “Good evening, Mr. Holmes. I am Sh—“
“So, again… we have nothing to go on.” John stood, and closed up his boxes of takeaway. Sherlock slid what was left of his takeaway across the table towards John, and John dug around in one of the kitchen drawers for cling film.
The line dividing life and death, to the entirety of the world, seemed a rigid separation of black and white, with no margins in between. Wholly unlike the amalgamation of a thousand different hues of grey that Sherlock saw.
Mrs. Hudson squeaked in surprise and dropped the tray. John just barely caught it, the teapot wobbling dangerously and the sugar tipping over.
They stepped inside. “How are you feeling?” John inquired. “The doctor said you were doing well, but you’re likely to be here for a few more days as a precaution. After all, you really shouldn’t be up and moving about too quickly. Not after an abdominal wound.”
Sherlock sighed frustratedly, taking another sip of tea. “Two weeks of nothing is starting to wear on my nerves.”
“But Inspector Lestrade could offer no clues regarding your background,” added Mycroft. “He mentioned medicine.”
Lestrade gestured for the two of them to follow, ducking under the police tape that created a boundary between the rest of the street and the side alley now crawling with officers. Sherlock fell in step, and John did the same after a beat.
“Oh, so you spy on me and search the mail.” John crossed his arms. “I’m amazed you even need to talk to me, considering you seem to know a hell of a lot about my daily life.”
“Someone will see to it,” answered Mycroft carelessly, opening a file folder before looking back at John, resting his arms calmly on the desk in front of himself.
Sherlock sucked in air to issue an indignant ‘Obviously’, but instead the viscous air dragged its way into his lungs and he exploded into a fit of coughing. He waved a dismissive hand in between coughs.
“Someone has to keep an eye on things,” said John. Remembering suddenly, he said to Sherlock, “Give me my gun. I’d rather have that on me now, if it’s all the same.”
Sherlock stared hard at his phone screen. It took him a minute to realize someone was talking to him. He looked up to find Lestrade’s and John’s faces peering at him with concern. “What?” he said, a little sharply.
“Tell me there are other people with you,” he said flatly, for once willing to let Lestrade and his pack of idiots see him in a difficult position, if it meant not dying and not seeing John drop dead at his feet trying to help. “People who won’t die on contact.”
“… M’kay,” said John, clearly not understanding. “I’ll just be here, then. I can move my things upstairs and get started on my shoulder with whatever supplies you and I have got.” He hesitated, and added, “Do you have a computer I could use, maybe?”
“It really means that much to you? To stay – here... with me, for this case,” said Sherlock uncertainly.
Sherlock shrugged. “Seems reasonable. We’ll wait here until closing, and then we look for her. In the meantime, we keep an eye on that door for complications.”
Now, I know what some of you might be thinking -- "please don't tell me you're going to rehash TGG for like ten chapters I don't have that kind of patience", etc. I'm with you there. Which is why, bear with me, I promise this isn't going to be a verbatim retelling of stuff we've seen and read a million times. I have a point with bringing Carl Powers in, and I've done my utmost to jazz up that plot line. ;D And we'll be deviating from the beaten path before too long - new cases, new drama... You'll see what I mean going forward.
“I like keeping an eye on my boys,” she said with a wide smile at the pair of them. “You’re practically family. Family that pays for the privilege, but family nonetheless.”
“Why do it?” Sherlock said. “Why kill Carl Powers, for instance? You must have been close in age. Still children. Why kill him?”
Sherlock’s lips quirked a little at the corners in the smallest of smirks. “How exactly did you find me?” he said, looking closely at John.
“Marginally,” Mycroft replied, and it was clear that John had been the one to insist on the oxygen mask.
“Why not?” said Hope, painfully ignorant of the timer. “Kill a few strangers. Live a little before I die. And make some money for my kids. You see—“ The cabbie tapped the side of his nose knowingly, smiling at Sherlock with a self-satisfied air to his grin. “I had a sponsor.”
“So the other Black Lotus being here tonight was just coincidence?” asked Sherlock, doubtful. “Why would your own people attack you? Without being given an order to?”
Sherlock knew John had not forgiven him from keeping the full circumstances of his return to life a secret. But he doubted any such forgiveness would be given until they spoke with the cab driver who had died when John’s minute was up, and even then, Sherlock wasn’t inclined to think that would be a particularly healing experience. He preferred the cynical attitude that now John and Lestrade—the only people who knew about Sherlock’s ability to bring the dead back to life with a single touch—were now conspiratorially against his use of his Gift.
John seemed to have had the same realization. Almost immediately, he pulled open a door along one side of the atrium, calling “Stairs, stairs!” and waving Sherlock over.
I won’t give too many details because spoilers, haha, but just understand that I want the next few chapters to go up in quick succession and I’m hoping you’ll agree with my decision to make sure there’s no delay between the next several chapters
Sherlock groaned. “I know. Another reason why the Carl Powers case was the less problematic of the two.”
“But actually interesting?” ventured John, getting caught up and swept away by Sherlock’s excitement.
“I’m sure you’ve gotten more than I did. I’m just a lowly former army doctor who now spends his time being beholden to a brilliant detective. What could I—“
for someone with Moran’s set of skills, he would have known about him, and he would have sought him out once he’d died. We can deduce that the age of their partnership is more or less the same as the length of time since Moran’s death, since there’s no sign that he was working with Moriarty beforehand. Moran had a few minor disciplinary problems in the course of his time in the military—mostly brawling, some gambling—and has been a ghost since his death. I might argue that the fact that Moriarty wanted a
Sherlock settled back in his chair. “I’m not so surprised.” When John looked confused, Sherlock went on, “Killing you wasn’t part of the plan. Your death—your body—was just collateral. But potentially revealing collateral. I suspect he wanted to get rid of your body both to help shield his sniper and to send a message. Teasing the police, you could say. He’s the mastermind of a criminal empire that sometimes engages in terroristic activity, and stealing the bodies of slain veterans associated with a large-scale security investigation is a good way to spit in the face of the people hunting him. I think your body not being there when he went after it was a shock for him. He may be thinking that his movements are being followed, or that someone close to him blabbed, and so he’ll be even more cautious than he was before your death.”
Sherlock had been wrong about John Watson. Somehow, somewhere, on some level of his mind, he had known there was something important here that needed to be sustained past the bounds of sixty seconds, and he had stopped, but now in the conscious world, he had no idea why or what for.
At the bottom, Mrs. Hudson was just getting to the door, but John intervened, ushering her back to her apartment with a gentle but insistent slew of reassurances that he would take care of it.
“Probably just a gas leak, I’m being told,” said Lestrade a short while later, speaking to Sherlock and John as they leaned against the back of an ambulance.
Mycroft dropped the photograph back on the desk with an air of exasperation, and folded his hands in front of himself on the desk. “Your persistent nonchalance is admirable, it really is. But more than that, it’s pointless. Your opportunity to refute anything I have to say has now passed. Now, you’re going to listen and decide how you might want to amend your story. Because what you have to say when I am finished will determine
There was some part of Sherlock’s mind that felt a twinge of regret that John was on his own in 221B during this investigation. But Sherlock had never felt any desire to operate with another human being in tow. Especially one with an entirely unique and potentially catastrophic identity. Sherlock didn’t need help. After all, he knew no one who could keep pace with him. John was adept more than anyone Sherlock knew at surprising him, but what good would that do at the scene of a crime or in the midst of a chase? Little to none, he was willing to bet.
Once more, dear readers, a thousand apologies for the huge delay in getting this chapter completed and posted.
Behind him, however, John quickly got to his feet, picked up his gun, stowed it in the waistband of his jeans, and rushed to the stairs.
“I see.” John examined the rest of the living room, his eyes wandering over the bookshelves filled with well-organized volumes. The place was surprisingly clean, the only thing marring the well-scrubbed atmosphere of the house was the smell of paint heavy in the air.
“I’ve...heard that before,” Sherlock quipped annoyingly, still clinging on to the camera, albeit a bit out of breath. “Although...in...a slightly different context!”
Matters did not much improve at lunch, when, once again, there was no place to sit at the Gryffindor table.
“Thanks,” he said, beaming at the praise, beaming with relief. Her words eased a pressure from his chest, a fear he didn’t know how to name. “You look lovely,” he said, and kissed the back of her hand.
John flushed, reminded once again of his wrongdoing, the scolding he’d catch at home. “It was an accident, I never meant to stay out so late – “
“You too," John insists, pushing himself up a little, fingers at the edge of Sherlock's shirt and tugging up. He lays his palm flat on the barest strip of skin revealed, pale flesh between hip and navel. His hand is so warm. "I want to see you."
And maybe the pustule that Sherlock had just popped had been particularly satisfying, because he was smiling at his plant now.
“That’ll take all night,” John says, already thinking about the most exciting bits of the one with the six Thatchers. The sound of his own voice surprises him after having been silent for so long; it sounds like it belongs to someone else almost, someone who he had been, once, but no longer recognises.
“Then I don't see the problem,” said Sherlock, and kissed John again as if only to prove that he could. It was easy, then, to forget protests, to give up those words of
He can’t breathe. The ever-present dull ache in his chest grows and intensifies, pushes out against his ribs. Pinpricks of heat form behind his eyes, and his vision blurs, and the room is spinning, and he
“I see,” said Professor Hudson. “Well, boys, this is a very serious situation. We absolutely do not tolerate fighting or violence at Hogwarts, no matter the reasoning. Surely you all must understand that. No problems are
It’s frighteningly normal, the way they sit at the breakfast table together. John doesn’t feel like he’s any different. He doesn’t think his genes have recoded themselves in the time they were sleeping. He doesn’t have any urges to go clubbing or see a musical or pick up an interest in fashion. The world seems much the same, as well. Victor’s Belgian waffles still taste amazing, and his coffee still tastes like shit.
John feels like there’s a hand on his windpipe, choking all the air out of him. He feels like the air around him has been placed with clear viscous liquid. The feeling in his chest is the fluid filling up his lungs. He’s drowning.
“O-oh,” John said, and his little face crumpled. It was as if Sherlock had taken all the bright hope and crushed it in his own fist. “I…I suppose you’re right, I mean, you
John wanted to ask Sherlock what House that he thought he’d end up in. (Or rather, what House Sherlock
“Any way is fine.” John hasn’t slept that long in...forever, it seems. The last time was after a case, catching up on three days of lost sleep. A lifetime ago. “So you can’t make tea, but you can cook.”
The Gryffindor dormitories were horrendously and predictably outfitted in garish red and gold. To look was to be nauseated; prolonged exposure surely would be enough to drive one mad. This would be logical explanation for the behaviours of most Gryffindors. Sherlock himself would have been suffering a headache (at least) this very morning, if not for the fact that he currently had an unclothed John Watson nuzzling his throat.
“What is it?” Sherlock prompts him, breath hot and panting, his cock buried to the hilt inside of John.
“I...um…” John began, but his tongue stopped working when the young man looked him up and down, slowly, in a way that nobody had ever looked at John before. It made him feel funny, like he was being appraised, and hot under the collar for no reason whatsoever.  John took a step back.
“Yeah,” said Mike, and then, “Doves!” They ducked again as the flock of flapping and protesting doves soared right through the space where their heads used to be.
“Wow,” John said, dutifully awed. A terrible chill ran down his spine, as if he’d backed up into a ghost.
And John began to laugh, exhilarated, wild. Because, of course, it had been a game, all in good fun, the same way he and Harry used to chase each other through the trees when they were small.
“All right, all right,” Mycroft relented. “Just stop rubbing that thing all over yourself. I’m sure it can’t be healthy. For you or the slug.”
John was looking up at blue sky, and then his Momma and Harry standing over him, fanning him with church pamphlets.
In truth it had taken 96, and Sherlock let him. He had expected this, and he knew there was a high possibility that John would attempt to throw a punch. He’d seen John fight, in the first week of school, after hours out on the football field where some of the jocks’ dull idea of entertainment was to test the mettle of the new kid. In the end, John had tested them.
John smirks, proud of himself; lets his palm rub slowly, fingers tracing and teasing - feeling the shape and heat of it. Listens to Sherlock’s panting breath; his name “John,
One clever hand dove down John’s Y-fronts to fondle the bulge of his cock. John stopped struggling with the tangle of his shirt so he could drop his head back against the cushion and groan. His own arousal surprised him with its intensity. God, he was so hard, it felt like he’d been waiting for days for this. It felt like he’d been waiting a lifetime to be touched like this. Sherlock’s hand stroked down his shaft, and then on to squeeze and tug at his balls, one finger sliding back behind them to stroke his perineum.
The man presses him back against the locked stall door, heat along John’s body at all the points they connect, heat of male breath against his cheek, his ear, chased by the molten wet heat of the stranger’s mouth, suggestions made real. The solid heat of another man’s erection pressing into his stomach. John struggles to catch up with his own wanting, tries to kiss back, is touching everywhere he can reach,  fingers skimming underneath the stranger’s white shirt, over the edge of his blue jeans but the man is pushing his hands away. Instead he opens John’s trousers with terrifying efficiency, slides both hot hands over the curve of John’s ass, cups him and holds him and squeezes, pulls John close and allows him to rut against him, claims John’s mouth again.
In a few hours, it would be morning, and the rising sun would slowly fill the room with shy and tender gold.
The lights were off in 221A by the time they got home. The lights were off in the hallway downstairs as well and Sherlock pressed John against the wall, needing the solid thud of body against body, flesh to flesh, to confirm the realness of him.
by criminals, you’ll like that part at least. That’s why he devotes his life to fighting crime. I always thought that he must be very lonely, and that’s why he has Robin. But in the movie there’s no Robin, so that’s sad. Maybe I’ll show you a movie sometime. They’re brilliant.”
By the time last period rolled around John had begun to feel a bit better. The haze that had been so tightly wrapped around his mind seemed to loosen, like bits of cotton falling away.
There was some kind of monster lurking just on the edges of the screen, something pale and blurred, as if the camera had suddenly lost focus there. It twitched, it twisted like a fog…
Her hand squeezes Sherlock's thigh, soft and suggestive. "You know, if you need an idea of what to do with all that delicious frustration, I have a few creative illuminations."
John walked outside to see Harry mounting her bike, and there, parked next to her, was his bike. Blue metal gleaming in the sunlight, waiting, as if it had never been swallowed up at all.
“Right,” said John. “Same here, I guess.” He tries not to stare, but Sherlock had said that he didn’t have any friends. And here they are, two strangers, come to his grave bearing flowers, in every breath mourning him.
Victor is sitting at the kitchen table, playing some music on his laptop while he looks over legal documents.
“You know, you’re not much good at this,” Sherlock said, eyeing the way that John was currently strangling a Bubotuber.
What sounded like hundreds of tiny birds were chattering just outside his window. A flock of migrating house sparrows had chosen to nest, temporarily, in the tree next to John’s window, and they had woken him up every day for the past week. When he finally blinked his eyes open he could see the little brown blobs hopping from branch to branch, through the window, fluttering their wings.
John had been poking at the keyboard for the past thirty minutes, the novelty of the new blog still asserting its hold over him. His face was the very picture of utter focus: brow scrunched with concentration, the tip of his thoughtful pink tongue occasionally peeking out between his lips.
The small crowd of people who had gathered watching the confrontation quickly dispersed, leaving Sherlock in the middle of the hallway, with all his scattered papers and books all around him.
Two hours later, John was still at it. Sherlock had gone away and come back again twice. John barely even knew how to tinker with his layout. What could be so enthralling about a Tumblr?
“John!” Harry said, running up to him. “Were you in the cave? Oh my god! What were you doing playing in the cave? Oh, you will be in so much trouble when I tell Mummy.”
“I mean, I’ll go with you, if you want,” Victor corrects himself. “I’ve actually been meaning to ask you if I could see it.” He cocks his head. “If that’s all right.”
He reached out, with both hands. Heart pounding. A surge of feeling, a sense of inevitability. Something dark and yearning had been awakened inside of him; ever since that first meeting, that strange night, the sleek car with its yellow headlights.  His fate sealed with the closing of a car door.
“Yes,” said Bill, “But how do you know that it was, in fact, an empty room?” He lowered his voice down to the level of a whisper. “Sherlock might still be here, only
The last chain was retrieved from under the bed. Sherlock clipped it to the cuffs at John's ankles, chaining them together with a small distance in between. John's wrists were released and they both became distracted for a moment as the first thing John did with his temporary freedom was to grab at Sherlock to kiss him, hands running through Sherlock's hair. Sherlock imagined he could still taste his cock on John's tongue, and groaned into the kiss.
“No! It was nothing like that!” John shrugged her off, cheeks warm with embarrassment. “I got caught up reading on the library, and when I was coming home, my….”
The moon was chasing them, through the blurring branches of the trees. Moving like quicksilver. John’s breath caught in his throat with how fast they were driving. They were passing all manner of country, that dark landscape of September into October country, the trees with their grasping branches and the insect-skittering of leaves.
John stepped backwards, hot lump forming in his throat, deep breath to stave off the annoying prickling in his eyes. There was an ache in his stomach that had nothing to do with hunger.
He laid out all his favorite records, arranging them in a careful fan next to the record player. And then, once he stepped back and took a proper look at it, he messed it up again.
The car rolled to a stop just beside him. John held his breath. It was a sleek blue Chevrolet with silver rims and silver trim, a rumbling creature of an engine.  But all of the windows were tinted dark, so that he could not see who was inside, what monster might lay in wait for him there. Maybe this was what had always happened, maybe there was always a car with black windows before they vanished into the night, and John H. Watson would become another name that was in the paper for two weeks only and then forgotten, with only Momma and Harry to left to remember and mourn-
Sherlock nearly comes on the spot and he grits his teeth against the flood of arousal. "Say it," he growls, voice gone low and rough with lust.
“It’s not for you!” John attempted to explain, over-exaggerating the words so that he could be understood through the glass. “I wasn’t talking to you!”
It was late afternoon by the time John left the library, the hallways warm and golden with the afternoon sunlight, streaked with the long shadows of statues stretching out onto sun-warmed flagstone.
John gave a piece of glass on the ground a little kick, startling a few slugs that, in response...stayed put.
. Hazel awoke in the darkness at exactly half past midnight. She’d only just fallen asleep, less than an hour ago. The house was still, occasionally creaking its old familiar sounds, and Mr. Watson was asleep beside her, occasionally making his old familiar sounds.
“The Devil does not want our children to stay true. So he plants temptations along the path. This rock and roll that leads to dancing, which leads to moving your hips, this gyration of body parts, it all leads young people to one place. The sins of the flesh. The sin of Lust-”
Sherlock fucks him properly now, the thrusts hard the way he's always wanted them. The thrusts jerk John's small body against the leather seats. The car rocks beneath them. Their flesh smacks together.
Inside, along the edges of the cave there was sand to walk on, with water pooling in the middle. Water reflected light onto the ceiling in dreamlike patterns of nets and waves.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "And don't try to make a pun, they're never half as clever as you think." John typed. "No, that sounds stupid. And that doesn't even make sense.” He pointed. “You spelled it wrong."
Perhaps it had swung around on its nail, or something. That must have been it. He put down the record he’d been holding, and walked over to the cross to fix it.
almost slips out, but the hot sound of pleasure that escapes him is anything but protest, and John only nods instead. Naked on Sherlock’s lap, spread open and vulnerable, he’s already lost when Sherlock holds him and rocks up just right. The pleasure sparks bright in his belly, sparking in his head. His breath comes fast, fluttering in his chest; he’s panting as if all the excitement has built up hot inside of him and he doesn’t know how else to let it out. He’s so full - achingly, painfully, beauteously full - impaled on Sherlock’s cock as he clutches the arms of Sherlock’s chair for leverage, fucking himself, showing what he can do.
He could see out into the night through the tinted windows - the streetlamps, the trees, the lonely, empty road - but nobody could see in.
There’s a low, thunder roll of fear (anticipation?) through him when the man motions for him to get up and follow him. A bright lightning clap of a thought:
“John!” Hazel said, burying her face against his small, warm body as she stood there, up to her thighs in the ocean water, shaking with both fear and relief. “Oh my god, John, Johnny, my boy.”
Harry had the Bible open on her lap, looking for all the world like she was piously following along, when John knew she was probably thumbing through for naughty bits. The Old Testament had plenty of those (as Harry had shown him).  She was humming, quietly, only just loud enough for John to hear: an Elvis song. She generously shared her records with John; to save him from his own uncoolness, she said. John liked all of it: Jerry Lee Lewis, Chuck Berry, Johnny Cash, Ray Charles - Elvis being his favorite.
, real casual-like. The devil was in a boy like that, was what John’s Aunt Aggie would have said, but she was miles and miles away, back home someplace John could not call home anymore.
Somewhere in the middle the two categories merged, resulting in some macabre chimeras of items: experiments that looked like food, food that looked like experiments.  As John approached, he noticed more items: one bowl full of pills labelled “
Sometimes John still dreamt about it, being back in the heart of those silent, dark woods, the whispering trees and that dog, no heart, no blood, and
to hide. He had, in fact, almost no photographic documentation of his existence at all. He had an obligatory picture on his hospital ID, a few paparazzi shots in the papers (all of them underneath some painfully forced-reference headline), and grand total of two (2) photos of himself on his blog.
“That is so, so strange,” said Sherlock, as he squeezed a pimple on a writhing slick black potato so that he could collect the vegetable pus in a jar.
The Hat came out and performed a song. It was a very nice song, but the idea of an animated musical hat suddenly made John concerned for the hats he’d abused over the years (lost and dirtied and occasionally destroyed), and whether they got together in the closet to hold a cappella concerts when not occupying someone’s head.
“Hey!” John squealed, and used his both his hands to hit at the water, splashing Sherlock back. His hands weren’t as good for splashing as Sherlock’s tail was, but he still managed to get Sherlock quite wet.
Sherlock rubbing against him down in the dirt. The two of them pressed together, rocking together, locked together.
"I told you I was going to the dance," John continues. "I told you I was taking Clara. Harry asked me to ask her. Tonight was a favor to Harry. I mean, you didn't actually think..."  A little inhalation of breath. “Oh.”
“Bloody bastard,” John managed, eyes squeezed tight and hands grappling at Sherlock’s back, blunt nails digging into the shifting muscle. He could feel the heaviness of the leather straps around John’s wrists, and when he thrusted hard the chain jangled, so he did it again, and listened to the chain and the sharp “
It's a bit of wasted potential energy when he finds John at the punch bowl, solo, un-entwined, simply sniffing cautiously at the cup of punch in his hand.
“You’re very loyal, very quickly,” the Head Boy remarked. The corner of his lip curled with amusement. “Perhaps you were Sorted wrong. Maybe you ought to have been in Hufflepuff, after all.”
Out in the middle of a grove, splattered and splotched with shadows, there sat a familiar little table set out underneath a large tree. John recognised it as the kitchen table that they - he - had had at Baker Street, that had been far too damaged from acid burns and scratch marks to sell. He had left it behind in the flat when he moved out, the same way that he’d left most of the things there. They had never belonged to him in the first place, but at some point during his time at 221B he had stopped thinking of them as
Sherlock adds, “Not here, where anybody can cast an eyeball at you.” And he smirks, smarmy, infuriating expression, damn him. John wants to rub the smirk off his face. He wants to rub the smirk right off Sherlock’s face with his mouth. Wait. No.
, John noted, looked dirty and grease-stained and crumby; it had been pristine and brand-new last week. It made John’s chest twinge to see Sherlock thumbing delicately through the soiled pages. Mike blew up their cauldron because he added four horned slugs instead of three. Sherlock finished early; his potion had a pure golden tone, shimmering and perfect. It was placed in the front of the class as an example of what all their brews were meant to look like.
And no matter how quickly he ran, how hard he pushed himself, the forest never changed around him. The same trees, over and over again. Was he running in circles? He wasn’t going anywhere. He wasn’t making any ground. If anything, he was
But he was going to make it. He could not tell the exact moment the sun went under but he knew that he was going to make it. He had the yellowing light of twilight still, maybe 20 minutes more till curfew, and only ten more minutes to home safe home.
“For God’s sake, Hazel! It was locked when I went up to bed!” Tom whispered harshly back at her. They both badly wanted to shout, but it was still the middle of the night, and both the children were in their beds.
Sherlock presses on the outside of John's perineum with his thumb, while his finger rubs insistently inside, direct pressure on the little gland.
. Do try to keep up.” He calmly took a sip of his tea while Carl spluttered, wildly pointing at Sherlock as if to say,
“Now, children, behave,” he droned, as his only indication that anything different had happened in the past fifty years.  “And pay attention to the lesson…as we resume… as I was saying, Arawn Ilex was a figure of great controversy…. Undoubtedly one of the most brilliant minds of the past century, he became consumed by darkness, his soul - if indeed we do believe in one, as he performed many experiments to determine the exact nature of a human soul - regardless, all sources can agree that his very being was twisted by his practise of Dark Magic. At the same time, we in the wizarding world, especially Mediwizards, Mediwitches, Healers…and all practitioners of the Healing Arts, have benefited from the results of his experiments which we would not have been able to achieve through ethical means. We ask ourselves now, was it madness, or was it genius?…. Is there a use for Dark Magic, before it corrupts one beyond recognition?…The answer is, of course no.  We will of course not be discussing any usage of Dark Magic in this class, although we will study Dark Wizards….and Goblin Wars…The atrocities that Ilex committed cannot be justified by the benefits we have reaped… During the Great Wizarding War of 1939, Ilex worked behind the scenes, acting as a Healer while still performing his human experiments on the plethora of subjects that warfare provided him. He managed to maintain such a low profile that he was not captured or defeated until many years after the War’s official end, by Great Wizard Gwydion fab Don, in an all-out battle royale that lasted seven days and seven nights… until ultimately the two of them destroyed each other. Turn to page 251, now, class, and we shall begin to read about the potions and spells that now exist as a result of Ilex’s experiments in alphabetical order…”
Sherlock’s skin was so pale, like the underbelly of a dolphin. John wondered if Sherlock’s Mummy had to tell him to put on sunscreen too, but John couldn’t imagine him turning red like his Daddy.
“For He who eats my flesh and drinks my blood has eternal life, and I will raise him up on the last day-”
John shivered. Momma didn’t like him reading scary stories at home. She always said, “It’s not healthy to fill your head up with that nonsense. It’ll give you nightmares.”  And so he spent many an afternoon at the library, glutting himself on horror novels, ghost stories, tales of the morbid and gruesome and inhumane. He was just about to turn the page, for the next “
Some men were not fooled by the same trick twice, but this clearly did not apply to John. Sherlock removed the laptop from John’s legs and placed it upon the floor, out of reach and, far, far, out of mind, while he sucked a bruise onto his skin that meant John would be wearing a scarf for the next week.
“But what do you believe? That there’s some unseen force watching over you, judging you? Waiting to punish you for your perceived sins?”
“Still in your uniform,” Sherlock remarked, and traced one finger delicately over John’s bared collarbone where his shirt was open, trailed it down to his chest. “Ought to change before it gets dirty.” His hands were stained with grease; grease turning his palms into roadmaps, turning his nails into dark half-moons, striking against the close-to-God cleanliness of John’s white shirt.
“No, no, of course not,” agreed the Psychiatrist. “But neither is the ocean a malevolent force out to steal your child.”
"Tonight," Sherlock says, stroking John's prick hard in his hand, a slow up and down. John's breathing is shallow already and when he looks down at Sherlock's hand, Sherlock's fingers wrapped around him, a broken sound escapes him. All this reaction, only at  the slightest touches, and Sherlock presses his erection hard against John's slim thigh. "I'm going to fuck you tonight," he promises John, he promises himself, the words whispered darkly against the delicate curve of his ear.
Sherlock’s eyes dipped and slid sideways. Honest hurt feelings, or manipulation? Hell, one didn’t exclude the other. “Is it because it’s me? You’re comfortable being seen kissing a woman, but-”
John buttons up his collar tight at school, but the wine-red-violet bruises still peek through, incriminating, daring. He wears a scarf for a few days and then switches to a turtleneck and no one accuses him of being a beatnik. Sherlock catches him later, traps him between his body and the shaded brick wall, and sucks a hickey hard, above the edges of the turtleneck.
"Indeed, I'm very glad to be back," he replied as we clinked our three glasses together and said simultaneously, "to the New Year, then."
Holmes attempted to make soothing noises, but Agatha brushed him aside and continued on in full career:  "An' never another thought for me and what was goin' to happen as soon as the police got done at Milverton's!"
"Here," he said, handing it to Agatha.  "I'm sure Tom can use this.  Give it to him with my best wishes for his success and yours, too, in your new endeavours.  And I promise to be more considerate in future."
The constable, who was examining his scratched helmet with a scowl, looked up eagerly at this. Mrs Hudson gave Holmes a meaningful look and replied, "Of course and I was just putting in some seedy cake as well." Holmes winked at her and ushered me upstairs with him.
"Tom was readin' one of those chapbooks - you know the kind - that's printed down on Curzon Street"  Here she paused and a wave of color washed over her face, but she forged on.  "'A Maiden Betrayed' it was called and it was pretty ripe.  And then I thought, 'huh, I could do better than that tripe'.  There's my own story - all about me and you - or Escott - and then they said there was a Mr Smithers who puts out a lot of that stuff, so I went to see him and when he heard what I had to tell him, he said I had a strong natural turn for narr- narr-" she hesitated.
As I hesitated, looking out at the gloomy prospect before me, a small figure darted out of the dusk and clutched at my sleeve. "Doctor Watson, come quick!" he cried. My first uncharitable thought was, "now what?" but in the face of such an urgent appeal, I had no choice but to follow. The child tugged me by the sleeve after him down a grimy alley, dodging the early revelers reeling drunkenly out of the tavern door. When we emerged in the next street, I saw a youth taunting another child as he jumped futilely for whatever it was the boy held just out of reach over his head.
"Their coachman should be sacked," muttered Holmes grimly, as he looked over the door. "He's out drinking at the Rose and Briar." Sure enough, there lay Neddie, half in and half out of the wooden manger, a trickle of blood running down the side of her head. With a bound, Oliver was over the door, across the box, and into the manger, where he proceeded to lick Neddie's face and meow piteously. "Fetch a bucket of water for him, Squeaker," said Holmes, slipping a halter on the horse. "Watson! I'll hold him while you see to Neddie."
As it happened, we struck pay dirt on at the first station we tried, where Holmes was able to secure Billy's release in short order. "'ighly irregular, but seenin's it's you , Mr Holmes..."
I slipped into the stall and quickly examined the unconscious child, with Oliver twining anxiously around my ankles. She had a bruise on her forehead, where she had evidently struck it when she fell through the trap, but no other obvious injuries, so I gathered her up and carried her out of the stall. By this time Squeaker was back with the water, so Homes watered the horse and shut the stall door.
Holmes shot me a covert look of triumph as he reached for his pocket again.  "What sort of trade is he thinking of going into, Agatha?"  he asked.
"This is Billy and Neddie," I began, when Neddie piped up, holding up the still kitten "and Oliver." Mrs Hudson's eyes met mine and she softened visibly. "Go on upstairs, Doctor," she said. "I'll send up some hot water for you and Oliver and you two," she continued, addressing the children, "come with me and let's find you something to eat."
Just at that moment, the cab pulled up in front of Baker Street. Holmes was out in a flash, leaving me to deal with the fare, just as the boy he had sent after Neddie came into view. Neddie herself was nowhere in sight.
She hesitated for a long moment, her face troubled, then abruptly made up her mind.  "Right, then," she said.  "Look here, Mr Holmes.  I didn't really come to make trouble for you.  I know I could, but then I'd be no better than that Milverton, wouldn't I?  I didn't tell Mr Smithers anything that would lead him back to you.  I changed my story all around so's it wasn't you - I mean, not  Mr Holmes in it at all, though Escott was there all right.  And I had a friend draw up that picture for a joke, like.  I've heard about all the good you do and old Milverton's better off gone.  I saw many a fine lady - and gentleman, too - leave there in tears, with their lives ruined because of him.  And it all worked out for the best, didn't it?   I have my Tom and he wants to set himself up in a trade, so we'll be all right.  I just wanted to get a bit of my own back."
Still, it could not be denied that Milverton was indeed dead, his blackmailer's stranglehold on hundreds in the City destroyed.  London breathed a collective sigh of relief and, as those affected were certain that Mr Sherlock Holmes had had at least some hand in this agreeable conclusion,  cases had been plentiful of late.
With a start, I realised that I had forgotten all about the kitten. I retrieved him from my pocket, where he had been ominously still and looked at him for the first time. He was breathing, but soaked and icy cold. "I'll try," I said. "Neddie, is it?" the child nodded, his eyes filled with tears.
I burst into the room, ready for anything. Wordlessly, Holmes pointed to the bed. At its foot reclined Oliver, looking smug as only cats can manage. Laid out on the pillow was the neatly decapitated body of a freshly killed mouse.
"Look here, Miss Agatha,"  I began tentatively, not knowing quite what to say either.  "You can't mean to ruin Mr Holmes's reputation…"
I was lazing in bed, contemplating the prospect of a leisurely morning in front of the fire with Mrs Hudson's excellent breakfast and perhaps an extra cup of coffee. Holmes had left my room not long ago. He and I had made rather a late night of it the previous evening, engaging in pleasurable, though highly immoral, not to say illegal activities and I was disinclined at first to arise and investigate the disturbance.
"You must know that Holmes had to play that kind of part in order to infiltrate the house and break up Milverton's organisation.  Why, peoples' very lives depended on it."
Chuckling, I said, "he's only brought you a belated Christmas gift in return for saving Neddie, Holmes, isn't that nice? He likes you."
Hardly had he disappeared when the sitting room door opened and in stepped a young woman.  She was neatly, if shabbily dressed, in a jacket slightly frayed at the cuffs and skirt neatly mended at the hem.  Her figure was trim and her costume otherwise nondescript except for a remarkable hat, for which an entire partridge had evidently given up his feathers and which she wore with a rakish tilt.  Her face was pretty in a China doll kind of way, her hair fashionably frizzed.  Overall, she exuded a kind of painful striving for refinement.  I put her down as a servant,  perhaps newly come into a small legacy on the death of her employer.
Upstairs, I dunked the kitten in some warm water and briskly rubbed it dry. It remained unresponsive. I gently massaged its chest to no avail, although I could detect a faint heartbeat. Finally, in desperation, my leg screaming with pain, I changed into my dressing gown and collapsed onto the settee, tucking the kitten inside my shirt, next to my chest. My heart sank at the prospect of telling Neddie that I had been unable to save her kitten, but at length I dozed off savouring the warmth of the fire.
"I'll show you a bull-pup in the bedroom," I replied, setting the kitten to warm next to the hearth, "if you don't come here and kiss me immediately." I blushed up then; I had never said anything so suggestive to Holmes before – not deliberately at any rate, for he had a habit of twisting any remark to give it a salacious meaning when the mood was on him.
Holmes glared at me, but kept his peace and so we made our way back to Baker Street, with Neddie in Holmes's arms, me carrying the squirming Oliver, and a grinning Squeaker bringing up the rear.
"That, I believe, was Mrs Hudson training her new kitchen help," Holmes replied, serving himself a crookedly-cut sandwich. I put my head out the door and listened, but now all was quiet, except for the murmur of voices from belowstairs.
"Easy Neddie," I said, "he's right here." And indeed he was, purring loudly, lashing his tail. and generally interfering with my efforts to check her over. "We need to get her back to Baker Street, where it's warmer."
"As you see," he said, holding out his hands to the fire. "We'll make a detective of you yet, Watson. I wound up the case early – childishly simple, to be sure – and found that I very much wanted to see the New Year in with you. The train schedule was favourable and here I am." He came over and bent to kiss me. As I reached up to him, there was a sharp little cry from the front of my dressing gown and tiny orange face poked out of its folds.
"You will join us in a glass of champagne, I hope?" he said to her smoothly, ushering her in and pouring a glass for each of us. Glancing at the clock on the mantel, he continued, "I believe it's close enough to celebrate."
It was the last day of December, 1894. Only the day before, Sherlock Holmes and I had had, well, not exactly a blazing row, but at least a disagreement; one which had caused him to shut the front door with unnecessary force on his way out. He was on his way to Devonshire on a case, whilst I remained behind, something which I was now regretting. I disliked quarreling with Holmes, but ever since his miraculous return earlier in the year when relations had taken a more intimate turn between us, we tended to be drawn into these sudden dust ups which seemingly arose out of nowhere. He was as imperious as ever, and between that and my quick temper, I suppose such things were inevitable.
"Doctor Watson, is it then?" she replied, looking at me intently.  I nodded and was about to ask her name, when Holmes breezed into the room, shooting his cuffs as he came.
The neighborhood at which we eventually arrived - on foot after the cabbie refused to take us farther - was down-at-heel, clinging desperately to the last vestiges of respectability. Not quite the worst sort of slum, it was still no place to be found after dark.
"Hold on, constable, we're coming down directly," Holmes called out and together we descended the stairs. Mrs Hudson arrived a step ahead of us and unlocked the door.
"Poll reckons I'm seven, Neddie's almost six, and Oliver's more'n a year." he replied stoutly. "She can clean for you and I can do the fetchin' and carryin' if you'll have us. Besides, I'm old enough to be a real Irregular now - I'll be ever so useful and earn my keep. And Oliver's a champion mouser an'..." Here Billy paused for breath.
"What seems to be the trouble, constable?" demanded Holmes, wrapping his dressing gown more tightly about himself, for the air was icy.
“You want me to come along too?” Doug asked eagerly. Anthea was not one to give in too easily either and hoped he didn’t insist. He was a non-smoker so his only reasons would be to have a grope or a kiss out there.
“Yeah and this time around the dark clouds won’t prevent us from waiting for the sun to shine once again.”
Sometimes when we sit here like this, the two of us, and the wind whistles past our ears, we hear their voices. We can’t hear what they’re saying but we hear their voices. It’s like their essence, their passion, their spirits linger in these parts and reach out to us as we listen.
Sherlock quickly started shoveling earth back on the form, unable to look at it for too long. Though his nerves were steadier than Jim’s even he had felt the same shocks and was still reeling. It was not an animal they had discovered but a human form with only the toes and hands still in the form of paws and part of the mouth and nose still half into animal shape. The man/creature had been hit and as it died, it had turned slowly back to his original shape. Sebastian and John and their group had covered the ‘animal’ in a sheet or something they had in the boot of their car and missed seeing the change. Jim picked up his axe too and joined in the efforts, trying to hurry things up as much as possible.
There was a salesman besides the lady behind the counter and he quickly came to the doorway and greeted Sherlock and Jim, then tried to shush and soothe the animals. There were three or four larger dogs in an enclosed area and chained, they were abandoned adult dogs who were up for adoption. They growled menacingly at the newcomers, as if they had sensed an attack of some kind.
Jim sped off and she turned around. She could see the beast prowling closer. “No, no, no, please Sherlo…..” she couldn’t complete her sentence as the shadow of the huge panther rose on the wall next to them and knocked down her diminutive frame.
“Sherlock,” Mrs. Hudson made an entrance, “Don’t unnerve your boyfriend. I told you the importance of taking things slow and not shocking the five senses out of him, just for fun.”
“Please, allow me to be the judge of your actions,” he said, “Since you had made me the target I’d like to look at it from my point of view. Well, the verdict is that you did what anyone would do if they faced such horrors and were directed towards the propagator. Even if mistakenly considered so, you had every right to loathe me as the man responsible for three deaths.”
After the meal Sherlock was ‘taken’ against the wall because John found him particularly desirable as he ate a slice of kiwi from their brunch. ‘Juicy fruit’ was what John called him before he was almost viciously spun around, plastered against the wall and taken quickly and hungrily. John came before Sherlock had even managed to get hard but the detective didn’t mind this time. His mind was working again, now that his body was satiated, and he made some mental notes as he was ploughed thoroughly by his man.
“John, Sebastian,” Mycroft introduced them, “This is Eurus, Sherlock and my sister and the middle sibling. That’s Siobhan, Jim’s elder sister. You know Greg of course.”
From time to time Sherlock kept glancing at John, hoping the man would make some small talk at least. He really wanted to go to the London Habitat Center and visit that exhibition, he wanted to go to ‘Peking Spice’ and have a nice scrumptious lunch there, over the weekend it wouldn’t be a bad idea to watch the latest play in Almeida, Shaw’s ‘Arms and the Man’. The guy playing Bluntschli was one of Sherlock’s favorite actors. The first play he had seen as a grownup had this actor in the helming double role of Dr. Jekyll and the ghoulish Hyde. The same man was now a character actor on screen and a TV star, essaying lead roles in several series and soaps.
“What’s the exact harm in that? The fewer around us during that dreaded night the better, isn’t it so Sherly?”
Sherlock lying there, at his mercy, mouth stretched around his huge cock, could there be any better trigger for a long pent-up orgasm than this? He had already been hard since hearing Sebastian and Jim go at it (they were good looking men, a sexy couple, vocal in the act, and John was a hot blooded alpha male who did get turned on by such things); now this was the crowning glory for him as he found his release thunder towards him.
The group heard her out patiently and silently. While it was a really interesting tale, it was pretty dark too.
“At the moment I don’t think you need to. All good then, I shall take up this case and I need an outer limit of five to seven days to take it to its conclusion. My fees is ten grand for any work of these proportions. Please pay half the money upfront and the rest upon the solving of this case. If I am unable to solve this or the solution is not to your liking, you won’t get the initial sum back. If you’re okay with this, we can go ahead.”
“I know it’s been trying times lately and we have seen multiple occasions of people distressed, injured or even dead. Might not be the best time to speak of this but all these things have made us painfully aware of the morality and unpredictability of life. I don’t wanna waste any more time thinking or contemplating or deliberating. William Sherlock Scott Holmes, I ask you on bended knee for your consent to marry me. Please accept this ring and tell me you’d like to spend your whole life with me. May I remind you my right kneecap was broken once so I can’t be on my knees for a long time.”
She smiled, tossing back her short auburn hair, “You look totally awful. You need some help and Emilia and I are here to help you. We will be happy to help you. Please John, now that you have taken the step to reconcile, let it be a proper reconciliation. Let me do what a sister is expected to do, what a family member is supposed to do when one needs help and support. First, let’s go and see our grandmother.”
Mycroft snorted, “I was unable to understand why he was so obsessed.” He neither confirmed nor denied the whole thing and went on, “Then we bonded, spoke, even after he left we stayed in touch, he started visiting me, there were gifts exchanged, late night phone calls, jokes texted and pictures shared. John, he makes me feel younger, better, happier, it’s a feeling I cannot describe.”
The next day he asked one of the most competent and experienced shrinks from the Barts psychiatry division to dine with him at the nearby ‘Olive’ restaurant. The shrink, whose name was Carol Fletcher, was a die-hard foodie and readily agreed.
A flash of blond mane at one of the windows upstairs. But it couldn't be John, the only blonde with free access to the rooms. Definitely not John, Sherlock realized, John wasn’t home. This was not a sandy blonde or a 'dirty blonde' either, like John was. A much brighter hue. A golden-sunflower blonde. He was not sure if it was a male or a female.
A thousand apologies for the unexpected delay between chapters! D: Starting grad school required a fair bit of schedule adjustment (also, geology as a whole is very fond of weekend-long trips into the wilderness to get covered in mud). I turned 22 and my birthday gift to myself was a thermodynamics midterm. I'm a professional at this time-management business...
“Good idea,” said Lestrade, his voice picking up on Sherlock’s excitement as he understood what Sherlock was implying. “I’ll assign a couple people to that. If we’re lucky I’ll have something by tonight. I’ll be in touch.”
Bonus points to anyone who caught how nerdy I am with allusions to Mrs Hudson's gambling habits from Granada!Sherlock Holmes and bumblebees. Am I a dweeb? Yes.
Moran smirked, leaning his chair so that it rested on the back two legs. “Hey now. It’s nothing personal. It was business. I had a time-sensitive job to do, and you were
He wouldn’t be positively identified; he was sure of that much. And of course, he always kept a few tricks in reserve, in case of emergency. So, as long as John didn’t prove too much of a hindrance, it should all go according to plan.
, Sherlock thought, with a hint of disappointment. This was going to be just as tedious and infuriating and patronizing as it was with any doctor.
Anyway, I hope the last couple chapters haven't been too dull - the real drama will pick up again soon, I promise!
It took Lestrade a good twenty seconds to remember how to talk, and still another minute to figure out what to say.
John’s heart couldn’t decide if it wanted to race with relief or stop dead at the sight of Sherlock. He raised a hand, taking a step in Sherlock’s direction. “Let me explain—“ he started.
“Not really, no,” said John. “So how about you tell me what you’ve figured out about this puzzle, and then we can figure out how to manage all of the people you need to keep informed.”
“You’re not very chatty, are you? Hm. Hopefully Sherlock’s more of a conversationalist when he gets here. Should be soon. He chose the time and place, after all.”
And when his eyes were dry again and the night hours were becoming morning hours, John tried to sleep, and dreamed about roads made from photographs of the dead winding across the dunes of the Khash west of Sangin.
Boredom may be several steps down from that, but he could still see the connection. The fact that the waiting would all pay off in the imminent future did little to make him any less impatient.
“Uh,” said John. “I didn’t. I didn’t even know he was there until you hobbled over to go pick a fight. Lestrade told me he’d called someone who would have access to the manpower needed to search CCTV for you and left it at that.”
Sherlock’s Mind Palace lit up like a fireworks display, and he cast the glowing net wide. His dungeon became a room so vivid in his mind that he was free to walk around and examine, scouring every inch for some means of escape. The adrenaline rush was better than any drug or illicit substance he might have encountered in his thirty-three years, ten months, two days, four hours, and thirty-five minutes of life. Epinephrine and norepinephrine stimulated basic, instinctual chemical reactions within the brain that made his heart pound and his muscles shake and his mind fly from thought to thought so fast that he forgot to breathe. The threat of imminent, impending death was a more effective rush than cocaine.
“Are you having any trouble breathing?” asked John, leaning forward a little and shifting Sherlock’s shirt so he could look at his chest and side.
Clearing his throat with a few coughs, Sherlock raised his voice to a rough shout and yelled, “FOR THOSE INTERESTED, I AM AWAKE!”
All three hypotheses seemed perfectly reasonable when John finally opened his mouth and managed to utter a stunned, “Hello.”
“What?” said Sherlock. “No, of course not. ‘Useless’ is an empty soap dispenser in the bathroom sitting there reminding people what it could be doing while doing nothing at all.”
It only took thirty-seven seconds for the front door to fly open again, and John had barely looked around from the television before Sherlock was standing in the door.
Lestrade’s team continued working in the background, though John saw a man and woman stop and look over at Sherlock the moment he spoke.
Mycroft’s jaw shifted, and it looked like working out his choice of words involved ungluing his teeth. “With all due respect, you have no idea what this is like,” he said, with just a little bit of the condescension he’d had a few days ago. “How difficult this is to process. It is impossible to rationalize. There is no way of explaining it. There’s no precedent for dealing with something like this.”
Sherlock glanced over his shoulder to find John practically sprinting to keep pace. A head taller than John and with much longer legs, Sherlock maintained the lead with no difficulty. “Hurry up!” He could hear voices behind them.
Sherlock’s lips quirked up at the corners. Oh, this was unexpected. He hadn’t anticipated being tailed so early in the Game.
Moriarty’s mouth twisted into a little frown, and he looked almost sad for a moment, unexpectedly pitying. He took a few steps forward, past Zhi Zhu’s body, past John, until he stood right in front of Sherlock. He looked at Sherlock closely, inches from his face, looking up at him with his eyes narrowed. “Why are you so determined to keep pretending?” he asked softly. “I told you, Sherlock, you
going to make Beater this year, but she had never really bothered to explain the rules to him. He hadn’t even mounted a broom until his first flying lesson two weeks ago, although Madam Hooch had said he was rather all right.
“But I know what really keeps you awake at night.  There are things you’ve seen. Things you’ve heard. And if you think back, far back into your memory, you remember something calling you out into the night...”
Heady desire when he looks down at John writhing beneath him, rubbing up against him, desperate. John’s stiff nipples brushing against his when he lines them up just right, electricity sparking between them. John with cheeks flushed pink and skin hot, shivering and clutching at Sherlock’s back, fingers gripping tight. Arousal overwhelms him in dizzying waves; the blue skies of the walls are swirling and spinning around them.
“Why?” John asked, but he already suspected the answer. He felt his jaw tighten for a moment. “I don’t care about what people are saying.”
my favourite Bond movies?”John said, speaking to someone - mostly himself - as he stared, fixated, at the screen. He was not speaking to Sherlock, that was for sure.
Sherlock took the proffered gift of his throat, and claimed it with his mouth. He licked a hot, wet trail up the strong line of it. He kissed the soft swell of John’s Adam’s apple in his throat. He kissed the pulse point of the jugular and sucked, long and hard. He wanted to feel John’s carotid artery in his mouth.
“One must use the guiding hand of the Lord - to seek the Lord for guidance, to stay on the true and humble path.”
John laughed, and tried his best to stifle the sound, since he’d gotten in trouble, back home, for giggling during class before. He looked over to Mike, on the other side of him, but Mike was fading fast. His eyes held the glazed-over look of zombies or people under hypnosis, and his head dipped like one of those drinking birds, threatening to fall face-first into his inkwell.
This chapter has been a long time coming, and it's the longest chapter yet. I want to thank you all for your patience! I also want to thank everyone who took the time to send me messages of encouragement as well!
He apologized profusely, unable to explain. At first Jeanette laughed, then she realized he was serious about stopping. She became concerned, asked him what was wrong. He apologized again. “I’m not sure if we should go on.”
John has painted his room the blue of summer skies, and covered the walls with posters. There is one of boxer Sugar Ray Robinson. The rest of them make his room look like a budding mini-cineplex.
“Pity,” said Sherlock. “We could have split it. All the Honeydukes sweets we could eat, John! What a missed opportunity. Think it through next time.”
“That’s all right then,” Professor Hudson said approvingly. She apparently hadn’t heard. “A fresh start for all. You ought to shake hands on it.”
Sherlock’s hand on his waist pulled him in close, until they were flush together. They were dancing closer than any school dance chaperone would ever allow, with no room for the Holy Ghost between them. John slid his hand further up Sherlock’s shoulder, holding onto him as they danced carefully in gentle rhythm, right foot, left foot, left, right, 1,2, 3, 4, 1, 2, 3, 4.
Sherlock peeled off his tee shirt like shedding a second skin, and John forgot how to breathe. Sherlock resembled a sculpture, pale as alabaster, smooth, perfect skin and lean muscles all over: his corded arms, his broad chest, the flat planes of his stomach.
Sherlock pushed John’s thigh up a bit higher, and ran a cool, slippery finger down along his taint into the cleft of his buttocks. When John gasped and squirmed, Sherlock pushed down to keep him in place, and then began to press gently against his entrance, over and over, in a soothingly erotic rhythm that quickly made John want him inside. He flexed his hips. “Come on, Jesus, stop fucking around!”
It doesn’t take Sherlock long, either, both hands gripping John’s hips now, fucks him through his orgasm and then he makes a choked sort of noise as well, groaning deep as he empties himself into the tight and hot clench of John’s body, compliant and receptive for him.
And underneath his hands and all around him and inside of him Sherlock’s skin and flesh was so cold, so cold, as if it was
John pushes back into it; meets Sherlock with lips and tongue open, warm and yielding. His body yields like the spring earth.
The thought makes him desperate, like a drowning man grappling for the pier. His hands grab for whatever he can reach; his hands sliding up Sherlock’s chest, on Sherlock’s shoulders, fingers curling on the back of Sherlock’s neck, reaching down between them to palm the hardness pressing against him, making himself feel hot and making Sherlock curse suddenly in his ear.
The terror of not knowing what came next but suddenly guessing at how it worked. John’s breath caught in his throat at the epiphany. He could feel Sherlock’s eyes upon him, watching him, hiss of breath at how he looked, held open. Burning inside John’s chest, heat in his face, his heart hammering away -  like he might die of embarrassment, of anticipation, of fever-heat.
, you bloody idiot!” Sherlock reprimanded him, giving him a little shake. “What do you have brains for if you don’t use them to
, this time, more or less. John already knew he’d say yes; he just needed to get over feeling ridiculous first.
“He was always naked,” Victor says, cutting his manicotti with the side of his fork. “You’d be lucky if you got him to put on a sheet.”
“I have to go,” Sherlock said quickly. “Nobody else can see me. And you mustn’t tell anybody about me, do you understand? It’s our secret.”
” Sherlock said, awed, and he looked as if the relief might break him, and he wrapped both arms around John so tight that John felt it was all right, to break a little.
“Did you? With her.” Just saying the words made Sherlock look like John had socked him one after all: betrayed, with all the wind knocked out of him.
It was probably messy in there, because the hat seemed to  be taking a very long time. Maybe it was trying to decide whether to put Sherlock in Gryffindor or Ravenclaw, because surely it knew that it would be a crime to deprive them of a future full of adventures, of winning Quidditch matches together and winning the House Cup. It would be a travesty. It should be illegal, really.
“John, we’ve seen them be mean to the Hufflepuff first years,” Mike said. “We’ve seen them make people cry, and everybody knows they cheat--”
The conclusion didn’t come to him until he had started saying it, but it all suddenly made sense, the way he’d first seen John on the train. John’s hesitant steps on the carpeted floor of the compartment, the lost way he knew John must have wandered, compartment to compartment, until he’d come to Sherlock’s, one of the last ones, at the end of the car. He’d heard the quiet hitch of breath as the train had started to pull away from the station; it was the way that someone sounded when they were trying very hard not to cry. He had touched something in his pocket, that Sherlock now knew was Gladstone. That combined with John’s blatant eagerness to form attachments with people and practically everything he came in contact with - he’d probably befriend an almost-sentient slime mould if given the chance - made the answer painfully obvious.
native to southern Mexico, grown best in tropic or sub tropic areas. Commonly used for keeping bales of hay together.”
“Mummy!” he said happily, shaking himself off like a small, very energetic dog. With the back of one small hand he wiped the water from his eyes.
If it hadn’t been Lestrade’s beep, he wouldn’t even have reached for it. When he glanced at the screen, it read, “Man from Barcelona. Only speaks Russian. Can’t remember own name. Come at once.”
John liked Sarah. He could see himself dating her for a while if dating was just that, holding hands and sharing milkshakes and soft, shy kisses stolen on the sly. She never said anything about all the time he spent with Sherlock or the nights he cancelled suddenly, although once he stood her up by accident and she wouldn’t speak to him for a week. She mostly forgave him after he showed up on her doorstep with flowers and sincerest apologies and purpling bruises in the shape of Sherlock’s mouth all down the plane of his stomach and inside his thighs where no one could see.
“No, Tom. I know what 'just playing' looks like. He wasn’t breathing! He was completely still, I was certain he’d drowned!”
“You know how dangerous it is out here, and yet you still won’t let me in.” Sherlock was smiling at him, reaching out, as if to touch…
What if he had run into bullies, or stray dogs, or what if he had gotten abducted by a serial killer cabbie?
It was a relief when he finally found Bill and Mike, sitting all the way down in the corner. They were isolated from the rest of the table - and it became even more isolated once John sat down.
“I just told you already,” John said, brow furrowed, and she had already known. He had, in fact, stupidly told her twice.
John stared up at the wall, body hot all over with his rebellion.  His heart pounding with the illicit thrill of doing something he shouldn’t have. He’d been afraid for so long, and for what? Nothing had happened. As he’d known nothing would happen. There was no lightning strike, no clap of thunder from God. Sherlock was right, of course, and John felt the shame drain from him like water through a sieve.
That had all changed when he’d been Sorted; he knew that look of crushing disappointment on John’s face, the sudden glimmer of instinctive fear. When he’d taken his seat at the Slytherin table, he’d indulged himself in a single glance back. Their eyes met for just a moment, and then John dropped his gaze, obviously uncomfortable.  Sherlock had not looked back since.
John stared at him for a moment, then shrugged and got back to work as well. He had a lot of catching up to do.
He took another step back, meaning to catch his footing and go on the offensive, but his armchair was there, the damn thing, and he tumbled into its arms instead. He flung an arm out to stable himself, just barely in time to save the upholstery from being doused with a nearly-full cup of tea. “Bloody--...Stop!”
connection, relation, association, link, correlation, correspondence parallel, alliance, bond, interrelation, interconnection
Dreams of falling usually signify insecurity, instability, and anxiety. According to an old wives’ tale, if a person does not wake up before he hits the ground, then he will die in real life. John knows, of course, that this is patently untrue. A person can dream of hitting the ground as many as 7-10 times a night. He may wake up trembling and sweating, he may wake up panicked and distraught, but he will wake up all the same.
he’d be in.) He was obviously brilliant, so probably Ravenclaw. That wouldn’t be bad. But maybe, just
“I wish I could say it was an interesting fabrication,” said Sherlock, in that fancy way he had. “But Powers’ story is predictable at best. Completely lacking in creativity. Troll-level, even.”
“Bill and Mike,” John finally said tightly, “I’m really happy you came to see me but I’m really tired so I think you guys should go so I can rest.”
“Hey,” John says, and clears his throat, “this might sound weird but...do you want to grab a coffee or something?”
Sherlock smiled up at him, gracious, and then he peered inside, his damp curls brushing against John’s tummy. “Wow!” he said.
When they kissed it was slow and tentative, almost shy, the unhurried brush of lips against one another, the lightest pressure of mouth to mouth. It was not a tentativeness that came from inexperience or ignorance, but rather from knowing too much, too well, knowing the cost of loss. Sherlock’s hands shook and his whole body was shaky and his lips were just so - so light and tender against John’s mouth. It was as if he could shatter him with the wrong touch. It was not because John was fragile, for there was no fragility about John, but it was because Sherlock knew too much about the fragility of humans, their skulls and soft brains and vital, beating hearts.
“Why is no one doing anything?” John demanded, pushing his way through the crowd. “Oi! Carl! Stop it!”
The Big Well is also home to the Space Wanderer, the largest pallasite found to date - weighing in at 1000 pounds. Discovered in 1949, it is a piece of meteorite that had fallen to earth and embedded itself in the field of a local farm, as meteorites tend to do.
The Psychiatrist’s office was painted in a calming, hideous peach; quaint pictures of lighthouses hung on the walls next to Dr. Lawrence’s framed degrees. Hazel was not lying down on a couch; instead she tried not to swivel about in her comfortable leather chair.
“Okay,” said John, blinking, taken aback by Sherlock’s harsh tone. “But since I’m here, you may as well take it.”
The entire class turned around to look at them, Mike blinking as he finally woke up and then shrank down in his seat. Bill howled with laughter, fist pounding the table.  John attempted, without much success, to shush Bill as he tried to keep from giggling himself.
John couldn’t tell you your profession by your shoes or whether your wife was unfaithful by the cut of your suit, but he can tell the tension in Victor’s shoulders and the tightness in his eyes. He can see the sleepless nights and the meaningless, endless days. Perhaps it is that grief calls to grief; it is that one void recognises another, like dark magnetite in the earth attracting iron.
Sherlock kisses him for it, teases out the soft sounds from his mouth, his hitches of breath. "Eyes on me," he says then, straddling John's hips, settling himself directly over where John's made a pretty little mess of himself. John blinks as if trying to focus his vision again, still panting from his orgasm. Sherlock pulls his own shirt off, over his head in one smooth move, and then he trails his hand down the smooth paleness of his chest. Both hands pop open the button of his jeans, pull down the zipper, his eyes on John the whole while, drinking in the look of wonder, of unabashed enrapturement on John's face. Pushes his jeans down, his briefs down, just enough so that he can take himself out, hot and hard in his own hand, hissing with the relief of the touch.
John cuts his tomato into fourths. He looks up at Victor again, who meets his eyes and then quickly looks back down at his own plate. John thinks about how well he slept, how bearable it all is.
disruptive again I’m going to have to ask you to leave,” Madam Pomfrey finished, cleaning up the potion on the floor with a brisk wave of her wand.
“I’m always right,” Sherlock said.  John thought that he sounded bitter about it, or at least dissatisfied, but before he could decide, Sherlock went right back to banging and clanging on the engine and anything else John said was lost in the noise.
John was missing, too engrossed in debating the particulars of whether one was supposed to ground or pound the snake fangs, and what would happen if one accidentally (or intentionally) inhaled the dust.
The wind rustled through the trees, the branches and leaves whispering surreptitiously. John shivered. The warmth of the day had been leeched out by the darkness, leaving only a chill in the air. He was aware of the sting in his lungs from his panting, the squeak of the wheels of his bike, the tiny metallic jingle of his bike chain dragging along the pavement. The sound of his own breath. The wetness of a small trickle of blood down his shin.
that it makes John’s whole body squeeze and tremble and it saps all the remaining strength from John’s limbs as he gasps uselessly for air.
Carl was initimi-dating, to be sure, but it was like his Mum said: John must not let anyone make him feel initimidated.
and whatever was behind him, it was getting faster, and faster, and closer, and closer, he could feel it ready to snatch him, its breath on his neck-
But the road was dark and unknown, and the car leapt forward when Sherlock pushed his foot down on the accelerator. John looked out the window and he could see: something moving in the woods, something pale and strange and blurred…
Sherlock leaned over John’s back so that John could feel the heat of him, the firmness of him. John could feel the softness of Sherlock’s grease-streaked shirt, the roughness of the denim of Sherlock’s jeans against the back of his thighs, the metallic coolness of the car against his skin, coolness underneath his chest and stomach and thighs.
Sherlock looked at him, his mouth dropping open in a comical little ‘o’ of surprise. John relished it. It made the throbbing in his head worth it.
Note: thar be a lot of swearin' up ahead. And likely going forward. Not that I think anyone will mind. Uh, avast
A man stepped out of the locker room, a few paces bringing him to stand at John’s side, where he stopped and gazed impassively from Sherlock—standing apart, gun raised—to John, kept in place by the sniper lights still on his chest. The newcomer was Chinese. Muscled, wiry, and inscrutable.
When the frogs had escaped into the school grounds, with no one noticing the rats in the fields that paid the price, and the class finally calmed down after their ordeal, Young Sherlock was brought to speak with his teacher and the headmaster.
“I’m not a tool. Or an experiment. We have no idea if our Gifts interact,” said Sherlock, struggling and failing to sound firm.
Before two days had passed, John moved from his bedroom to the sofa to sleep, just so he’d be around when Sherlock returned with news.
Sherlock leaned his head back and opened his eyes, determined to stay on his feet. “All right, I’ll wait here while you—“
John had a habit of keeping his personal space and possessions in order. He wasn’t obsessive about tidiness—sharing a flat with Sherlock made that unequivocally unrealistic—but every time Sherlock had ventured up to John’s room to talk to him or chuck something at his head, John’s room was neatly organized. Sherlock had assumed this habit had carried over from John’s time in the army. Minimalist, meaningful belongings and décor. Bed made. Important items properly stored but easily available. All very pragmatic and understated. Rather like John.
Moran opened the box of cigarettes. He tilted the box, preparing to slide a cigarette out, and then he paused. He set the box down instead, and eyed John. “I assume you want something. This isn’t a social visit.”
Sherlock shook his head. John had texted Lestrade on Sherlock’s behalf, with Sherlock’s phone, a few days before to tell him that the situation with Mycroft had been resolved and it was safe to talk again. And while it was nice to have some form of official support on their side, Lestrade was just as much in the dark as they were.
“In a towering temper, I think,” replied John, doing the same. “You know better than I do that he hates having too many people involved with his work.”
“We’re heading in here,” continued Lestrade pointedly, gesturing to the empty-looking building behind him. “The place was recently gutted for renovations, though it’s been on hold for a couple months while the necessary funds were being collected.”
get bored. But this thing he and I have going, with the puzzles, is clearly entertaining for both of us.
Sherlock frowned, and finally freed himself from Lestrade—“Sherlock!” protested John—to step into the main room, looking around.
"So if you have to go, then…" Another very careful step, and Sherlock stopped just out of range of John's offered hand.
John’s eyes narrowed in a challenge. “Does Moriarty hold you accountable for being the weak link in his system? Aren’t you supposed to be his right-hand man?”
“Still, you got lucky,” said John, securing the bandage with a clip, before starting on the other ankle. “And I’m glad. I’d be happy to have nothing to do if it was because you weren’t a complete mess. But at least you’re okay. You may have had us worried. I was worried.”
One woman clapped a hand over her mouth, and a man dug out a phone, clearly calling for help.  Other people were flocking to join them.
“I act on his behalf,” said Shan coldly. “It is, as I am sure you understand, of the utmost importance to him that his identity remains uncompromised.”
“But he didn’t tell me anything meaningful. He didn’t answer any of my questions. We just snapped at one another.”
No family. No parental or familial ties. No friends. No colleagues. Even a friendly acquaintance could be dangerous.
A shot rang out from somewhere on the street, as a bullet flew through a window and embedded itself in the wall two feet to the left of John’s head.
After a few seconds of truly infuriated glaring, which did nothing to silence the phone, Sherlock sighed and picked up. "Truly not in the mood, Lestrade."
“Well,” said Sherlock, feeling at a complete loss all of a sudden. He held out Molly’s keys and dropped them into her hands. “I should let you go. Nice talking to you. Bye.”
Mycroft rolled his eyes with the sort of exaggerated theatricality a thespian would admire. He straightened, dusted off his jacket, and collected his umbrella from its place by the door. “As if money has anything to do with your motivation for this case.”
Sherlock and John were seated on either side of the kitchen table with an assemblage of takeaway Chinese boxes on the table between them. Sherlock pushed a few containers of food to the side and repositioned his closed laptop in the center of the table once again, opening it up and refreshing his blog. No messages, which wasn’t a surprise. He checked his phone, and found a matching lack of texts. “I don’t know why I keep suggesting we go through things when there are no things left that we haven’t already discussed a dozen times.”
“John?” she asked, looking up as he hurried over to her. “What on Earth was that crash? It made the whole house move. Frightened me half to death…”
Thank you all so much for your support and feedback and patience most of all! You're amazing and it means a lot to me <3 I love writing this story so I promise you, no matter how much life interferes, I'm finishing this thing
Somehow, a monosyllabic profanity seemed like the only reasonable thing to say in response to a story like that.
Sherlock nodded, sitting back. “This murder is, as you just said yourself, a couple decades old. Everything Moriarty chooses to share with us has importance. Every detail matters. Keeping the shoes suggests either hiding them because they could have compromising evidence, or keeping them as a sort of memento. I would hazard a guess that the latter is more likely. And so, if this was the first person he killed, then it says something about how long he’s been in operation. And how long he’s been getting away with all manner of crime.”
“I’m sorry,” she said, and she genuinely looked it. “Everything was sealed right after the body was taken. I don’t have access to anything anymore. Anything that was left was taken and all of his documentation was removed and classified. I don’t know how you’d get access now, to be honest.”
John half-laughed. “Weird doesn’t even begin to cover it. But it’s good. I’m good. I think.” He shrugged. “Sherlock certainly keeps things interesting, whenever he actually shares his progress.”
. We share a gift. So maybe he’d live. Or maybe not. Maybe he’d drop dead and stay that way this time, and then neither of us could have him to play with.”
Sherlock permitted himself a rather self-satisfied smirk. “And this is why I keep you around, John.”
Lestrade and Sherlock filed in, Molly letting the door shut behind them. The two men waited while Molly went over to body storage, Lestrade's hands in his pockets and Sherlock's clasped coolly behind his back.
Sherlock scowled, but after a pause, he set the box down on the hood of Mycroft’s car and opened the box. He held out the letter to Mycroft, who glanced briefly at the little piece of pottery inside before taking the paper.
,” snapped Mycroft. “I don’t know what it was, but—“ He shut his eyes, turning his face up to the ceiling. “My mental health is impeccable. So.”
Sherlock watched the door close behind his brother, and then he looked at the screen, and then at John. “Are you… all right?” he asked uncertainly. To him, John was almost always something of an open book, but for once, he couldn’t figure out what thoughts were going around in his head.
“Why cut him loose?” asked John finally, ever full of more questions. “Why does Moriarty want to get rid of him?”
“Yeah, yeah, we’re right here!” answered Lestrade, calling back as he and Sherlock finally reached the top landing and stepped into the room behind John. “All clear. But get a medic, will you?”
“Body snatching is not a good thing, Sherlock,” said Lestrade. But the inspector was no longer looking at Sherlock with a suspicious edge.
“Okay,” said John, withdrawing his hand and taking a step back, his heart feeling unbelievably heavy in his chest. “Let me know if you need anything.”
John clenched and unclenched his fist. “But you have a time limit? It has to be within sixty seconds? If you touched me now, would they come back?”
The scene John and his colleagues arrived at was an unexpectedly quiet one. A number of soldiers and a few translators were clustered around a building they frequently used as a base of operations within the city. A pair of soldiers stood at the door, long-range sniper rifles on straps over their shoulders, smoking cigarettes.
“That much is obvious. You should make tea,” said Sherlock, heaving an impatient sigh. “You’re undoubtedly going to want it before we begin discussing things. Kettle should still be hot if you would like; I needed it earlier to heat water to disinfect my petri dishes.”
“They’re at the kennel,” said Amberley absently. “If I’m painting the Haven, they ought to be somewhere else so the smell doesn’t hurt them.”
Thanks so much for your feedback, comments, kudos, support, and patience most of all! <3 You're all incredible -- thanks so much for coming along for the ride with me ~! :D
John nodded again, expression blank, and then he finally heaved a sigh and turned away from Shan’s body, walking away. “Well, fuck that.”
Mycroft frowned deeply and stepped into the hall. “I’d rather avoid the fight altogether and skip to the part where you admit I’m right.”
“Sherlock?” John called, diverting to the kitchen just long enough to grab a pair of rubber gloves left on the counter. He stashed his gun in the back of his trousers and pulled the gloves on over the cuffs of his shirt, to shield any exposed skin. He coughed, the thick air weighing on his lungs, and called again, even louder, as he turned back to the living room. “
John swapped his gloves for a clean pair, carefully making sure they covered his skin once pulled over his sleeves, and this time Sherlock observed with interest, feeling less irritable now that he was in a little less pain.
Sherlock looked at John, and took a deep breath. “I want to make it known that if you die, I’m never going to forgive you,” he said tightly.
Thank you all so much for reading! Any feedback, as always, means the world to me <3 See you (very soon) with the next chapter…
It was obvious now. Things were always obvious in hindsight. “Clearly you got the information you needed to get inside,” said Sherlock. “Since the three of us are standing here as a result.”
This was, in Sherlock’s opinion, incredibly annoying, and in his annoyance, he knocked the phone off his bedside table and left it there.
Mycroft stood up so he and Sherlock could stare one another down over the desk. “Fine. I think he’s got something on you—“ Once again Mycroft stabbed a finger in John’s direction “—be it your drug abuse history or a mishandled case or any number of things. And now you’re trying to help him get away with faking his death, and committing major fraud or treason or God knows what else, so you can keep working cases with the Yard without being screened and treated like any other drug addict.”
Mycroft and Lestrade made their way to the door, with John following suit. Lestrade hurried down the stairs, but Mycroft paused, glancing back at Sherlock. “Keep an eye on him,” he said quietly to John, still watching his brother.
Gazing out the window, thinking about nothing in particular, he got his answer some two minutes and forty-three seconds later.
He was sure of this, but he was far from sure why this was so. John didn’t owe him anything, and he was confident John knew that. The cabbie’s death as a result of John remaining alive longer than a minute—and the responsibility John had felt for it—seemed, in Sherlock’s mind, to negate any sense of debt between them for Sherlock’s bringing John back to life. Beyond that, John had been the one who’d rescued Sherlock from the Lucky Cat, so Sherlock, in all likelihood, owed him. So it wasn’t caring out of necessity or obligation. And he was confident it was genuine. Like everything else with John had been so far.
Sherlock’s clenched fist was suddenly so close to John’s face that he could feel hot air on his skin as John exhaled.
, thought Sherlock morbidly, as he stumbled into the dark flat and sank onto the sofa in the living room with a muffled groan. He curled on his side, ignoring the way it made his chest and abdomen hurt, and shut his eyes.
John was used to difficult patients. He’d been a doctor in all sorts of environments with all sorts of people. He would be hard-pressed to find a set of circumstances that were at all alien to him. Or, at least, that had been the case before he’d been killed. Now—well, there was something to be said for the difficulty involved with treating a patient like Sherlock. For any other patient resisting treatment, John would have just started anyway and made the best of the situation. But that was different with Sherlock, as proceeding without his cooperation had the potential to be catastrophic (at best, exasperating and at worst, fatal) for both them. “The sooner we get you patched up, the sooner you can relax,” said John. “And the better you’ll feel. Because I doubt you feel all that great right now.”
“It’d be a surprise if they didn’t,” said Sherlock. “Though sometimes a lack of information is as significant as a surplus of it.”
get in touch, do let me know. I may be able to be of assistance, considering the resources I have access to and the interest the government has in bringing Moriarty down.”
“Very nicely done,” admitted Sherlock. “And much faster than having your spies amongst the Black Lotus watch me and my movements for weeks.”
The dead man was young—likely only his mid-thirties, approximately the same age as the Detective was—though with deep lines on his face that hinted at a certain seriousness in his personality. His blonde hair was cut short, his eyes were shut. He had a slight tan to his face which stopped at the neck.
John sighed heavily. “We took a risk. Soo Lin took a risk. There’s no point in assigning blame when all it’s going to do is undermine everything we were trying to do tonight.” He looked at Sherlock and tried to gently steer the subject to something less directly painful. “Nothing from Mycroft?”
"Okay," he had said, sitting back at his desk. "Let's give it a go. Next case I get, I'll call you in. I'd like to see how you work."
“Not much,” said Sherlock. He glanced sideways at John, but John did not meet his gaze. “Cryptic warnings about my impending doom. A lot of dramatic nonsense. Nothing of value.”
In the other room, Mycroft spoke for the first time since John had entered Moran’s room. He leaned towards Sherlock slightly, still watching the screens. “… I do believe John just managed to unnerve Sebastian Moran.” His tone was one of flat approval.
Sherlock ground his teeth and swallowed hard, mouth dry. He’d known this was coming, but he didn’t have the patience for it. Not now. Not in the middle of all of this. He had bigger problems. More important secrets.
“Following Moran,” said Sherlock, coming to a halt in front of the other two men, and not looking directly at John.
Mycroft wordlessly stepped back from the door and several more people came through, hurrying to John and immediately starting to disable the explosives beneath the jacket.
anyone about my Gift. Lestrade discovered it for himself, and you—well… But no one else knows. Or will know.”
“Do you know him?” barked Lestrade. He pointed at John. “Did you know him before you brought him back?”
Lestrade looked too shaken to be indignant or embarrassed. “Piss off. I’m not going to be a victim of random proximity.” He glanced in Hope’s direction uncertainly, clearly to make sure the cabbie was no longer with them.
Obviously in Pushing Daisies there was never a criminal or villain or anyone who had the same abilities as Ned (but HAHA can you imagine), so we are officially in uncharted waters in that respect.
“It’s okay,” said John, trying to sound reassuring even though he felt far from calm. “I get it. It’s fine.” He took a deep breath. “Let’s—we should get help. Call the police.”
“I was worried about you,” said the newcomer, standing up and lifting his umbrella, examining the tip of it with more visible interest than when he regarded Sherlock. “I thought I’d drop by rather than wait for the official report. And I knew you’d never let me know how you were getting on. I was concerned.”
Sherlock suspected John was still upset and Lestrade was coming to terms with the fact that he’d just shaken hands with someone who’s been dead at one point in time.
The flat was quiet when he entered. For once, the television was off and the living room was unoccupied, Sherlock’s laptop on the coffee table and the kettle cold.
Sherlock was less deterred. “My guess is this sniper either managed to get on military transports and back out in a similar fashion, or Moriarty had contacts capable of smuggling a man in and out. Either way, I’m guessing the informant you were tending to when you died was supposed to meet with Moriarty’s sniper. Then the informant gets cold feet and tries to back out and sell his information on Moriarty to the British government in exchange for protection. But Moriarty will have known this was a possibility, if he sent his sniper as his liaison in the first place, so the sniper would be ready to take the informant down before he could share his intel. The informant wouldn’t have wanted to talk until he was already out of danger, so he’d demand to be removed from the country before talking. In any event, the only person who probably heard any significant amount of real information was you.”
This bloody nose had occurred much in the same way as the three that predated it. Young Sherlock’s nose had (thanks to some of the older boys in the dormitory) connected with a fist that did not belong to him, as it was traveling towards his face in an attempt to rearrange some of its features.
Sherlock had been without a case for several days at this point and by now had reached a neurotic level of twitchiness.
This was not unusual. Young Sherlock was wont to spend significantly more time letting his imagination run wild than focusing on all the boring, important things people would have him do. After all, what child is going to focus on summer homework and taking out the trash when the mysteries of the universe lie in wait under their nose, waiting to be solved?
Anyway, Mycroft’s use of the word “abaddon” in code hopefully does not seem out of place. One thing that always interested/amused me in the show’s portrayal of Mycroft in particular was the use of biblical names as codewords (namely LAZARUS as his codeword of choice for Sherlock to fake his death, as Lazarus was a saint brought back to life by Christ four days after Lazarus’ untimely death). To my understanding, “Abaddon” in Hebrew texts refers to destruction and is associated with the realm of the dead, and in
John crossed his arms. “Do you ever say anything straightforward, or are you going to just keep dropping hints until I figure out what it is exactly you’re accusing me of?”
John rubbed his shoulder absently—the stitches would need to be removed soon—and sighed. “I guess we’ve got a lead now.”
John suppressed a chuckle, “Not her, but him. It is a him. Damon Wright, Australian, a much married man whose husband Javier, a Spaniard, might not appreciate your advances. Being drunk will not be accepted as a valid excuse either. Now-Now-Now, steady does it, oh God damn, the elevator isn’t working. Okay, we gotta take the stairs Sherl, you have to put your arm around me, okay?”
“Oh, that way. But Northern Lights…. I thought we’ll go to Osaka, a Japanese restaurant. Or maybe the Italian one, Chianti. Sherlock loves Japanese and Italian cuisine.”
“Thank God all those rumors about you and Sherlock are just that, rumors,” she blurted out. When his expression went from pleasant to deeply concerned, she quickly added, “I mean, not everyone can share accommodation with Sherlock Holmes. He’s a good looking bloke, very talented too, he is a rich one as well…..plenty of family money, but after seeing how he treats Molly, it’s really hard to form a great picture about him. Rumors have swirled for some time, you being his housemate sort of fanned them a bit.”
Sherlock had gone under the covers, red as a tomato, stricken with embarrassment. When John kept laughing he poked his head out from the covers and snarled, “What’s so funny? She probably saw us partially naked and moving…. That is mortifying? Jeez! Don’t you feel…..?”
The curly haired cop shrugged and looked behind, at Mycroft’s car that was following them. She seemed pretty annoyed, “Honestly speaking, that freak in that car really gives me the creeps. Did you see how excited he was to learn that a murder has happened close by. Usually people are sad or scared, but have you seen anyone so thrilled that someone has been actually killed, that too in such a horrid fashion! Whoa! It was such a sadistic thing to do, like he was happy that he got a chance to….actually, come to think of it, they come in last noon and the same night this fellow is murdered. The freak even admits he had seen the tramp last evening so technically he was the last person to see him alive.”
At first John had no idea what to do with the strong currents of lust streaming through his body. He was painfully hard, he wanted Sherlock, he just wanted to scratch that itch under his skin that had existed for so long that now it was threatening to consume him whole. So his body took over and pushed his mind aside with resounding force, grabbed the naked man’s bubble butt and squeezing the twin globe hard. Sherlock had winced, then stuck out his tongue a bit, which eventually led to the next step. John let go of one of Sherlock’s butt cheeks and grabbed the back of his lover’s head, mashing their mouths together in a possessive, fierce and passionate kiss.
He left in a strange flurry of limbs and motions, as if he was afraid of being caught for something. Greg was a master at spotting such anomalies in a person’s body language and behavior so he caught on immediately. Pierre had been caught red-handed a few days ago for misappropriating some of Greg’s funds in a steady and regular manner for almost a year. He had embezzled almost fifty five thousand euros. While he could return around twenty and his last salary of ten thousand had been stopped, the rest was still a loss for Greg. Not that it would cripple him financially because he was very well-off, but a betrayal was a betrayal and he had strictly instructed his secretary to never show his face again to him, nor try to contact him.
“I do walk, you know,” she said, “Just hold my hand a bit and help me sit on that bench. I want to take off my shoes and feel the grass beneath my feet. It’s been half a year.”
“You sure you don’t want some coffee or tea….” Mike insisted. “No, no,” Sherlock refused politely, “I have to be back to work. I have already missed one class.”
“Jawn, we must celebrate the life always. The life that was, the life that was throbbing and vibrant and filled with a treasure trove of memories. Not mourn the death, not beyond the initial days after the person’s passing. It just makes the departed soul’s entire life…. Meaningless. That’s not quite right, don’t you think?”
Greg took the gifts in his hands and smiled at the appropriateness and taste. The first was an elegant gentleman’s umbrella, super-size with a hand-carved wooden handle that ended in a wolf head. The other was a set of three books on basic magic, beekeeping, terrace gardening and one fat book which had four biographies curated and combined, all of them of renowned violinists and composers from the past. Paganini, Bach, Yehudi Menuhin and Beethoven. “Good, excellent, apt,” he smiled and heard the audible sigh of relief from his charge, “These are his interests and you had plenty of time to absorb those little hints and clues while watching him from a close distance. So you put your instincts and observations to good use and I am pleased to see the results.”
“Hmm,” Phil Anderson took over, “Is that why it’s been recommended that he should stay with Sherlock Holmes in his house?”
Sherlock smiled and the other man turned, smiling just as broadly. Of medium height, slim build, with dark hairs and expressive eyes, a naughty and cute smile, he was the type of attractive man who had ‘Sinners Beware, I can make you sin more’ written as a tagline around his neck. He even grinned like a shark, knowing just how lethal his looks and persona were, just how helpless someone could be when confronted by him. “Good to see you,” he whispered ferally, “Sherlylocks!”
That simple sentence conveyed so much that he actually had to take a step backwards to absorb it, mentally, physically and psychologically. In just a few words Sherlock had conveyed a lot, from his trust and fondness towards John to making him literally a part of the family. A little more digging into his soul and John realized why he was the only non-family member invited to the Holmes household the next day, for Christmas lunch.
John was a Virgo to Sherlock’s Capricorn. His September birthday had come and gone and Sherlock hadn’t even batted an eyelid at him. He didn’t mind that since he hadn’t informed his housemate about it and didn’t expect him to remember such ‘ordinary and boring’ things. But John had been brought up to big but homely birthday celebrations and, after missing it the previous year by a whisker, he wanted to celebrate first Sherlock’s birthday since they had formed this alliance. He had a gift for him, Mrs. Hudson had a cake, and even Mycroft had decided to bury the hatchet and show up. But none of this would make any sense if the birthday boy was not around.
His strong and broad back moved rhythmically as he fucked Jim with all the passion and desire that had been pent up inside him for a week. Ever since the day he had laid eyes on Jim, he couldn’t think of anything or anyone else, it was Jim and only Jim who had filled his head and heart with his magnetic, almost overpowering presence and charm. He thrust in deep and hard, claiming the man he was so in love with, the man who had practically cast a spell over him like a wizard. “I am so deep in you,” he blabbed incoherently, “I can literally feel my balls go in, fuck Jimmy you are so sexy….. I want you so much babe! I could make love to-to you, oh-oh, all day and night if you let me!!”
“That I have a ring for you….yeah, sorry, I am not putting any pressure on you John, I don’t want to, but it’s been close to nine months and I felt it was time to….so I bought it, but I wouldn’t have broached the topic unless….oh and the other thing was something private, he was saying, Gosh that made me color tomato-red.” Mary hesitated and said, “He even told me some of your preferences in bed, with me.”
“Not that much has progressed,” Sherlock snorted to himself, “It seems we are both tongue tied in each other’s presence. I swear I always make up my mind that I shall tell him so many things when we meet next, ask him so many questions I have. Yet, the moment he and I step on that train or walk together to work or home, I hardly talk. I am silent 50% of the time and he’s silent the other 50%.”
Not even when his mum had died or his sister had left had he felt so bad, nor by the deaths of his father and his grandmother. Right now, ‘terrible’ and ‘crushed’ were understatements if he were to talk about his devastated feelings. It seemed as if all his reasons for living and breathing had disappeared with Sherlock and he knew those reasons would never come back, never ever. With years and years of isolation, introspection and anger-laced regrets, he had reached the end of the road. Why, oh why did Sherlock have to breeze into his life and teach him to love life again, to dream and have ambitions, to smile and look forward to the next day? He had already struck a fortunate compromise with his situation, he had got accustomed to it.
“I am not asking for a small nick or scrape but a stab,” Marvin said, looking serious for the first time during their entire conversation, “It’s harder to do it to your own person than you think it is. People almost always falter and when they do, like I did, they miss the only chance they have at giving them the remedy they need…. The much needed relief from the curse. The thing is, you get only one chance. If you don’t succeed the first time it won’t work again. There’s no second shot.”
“Well, see you soon Jim, Mycroft,” Greg Lestrade said as his deputies Sally Donovan and Phil Andersen came up with cups of coffee, to join him on their night shift, “We better get going now. Keep an eye on the town and townsfolk.”
On John’s thirty-fourth birthday, exactly eighteen months into his stay with Sherlock, the two friends were preparing for a quiet and modest celebration together. They would eat lunch at John’s favorite Chinese eatery, then watch a war movie that had just released, then have a drink at a local pub before heading home for dinner and to meet a client who had asked for a late evening appointment.
He had never felt this kind of pleasure before. Owing to his own vows of chastity initially, his excessive dependency on his Catholic upbringing and the dictates issued by his teachers and vicar and also Jim’s unwillingness to draw him out of his shell, Sherlock had never done more than just lip-kissing and mutual masturbation. Jim had touched him a few times but never had he even seen Sherlock naked. Sometimes Sherlock had even wondered if Jim was indeed interested in him but part of him was also tremendously flattered that his otherwise bohemian and liberal boyfriend was happy to save this part for their wedding night. An old fashioned romantic, this was one of the things Sherlock absolutely adored about his beautiful James.
Some distance away a similar sight played out with Sebastian on his knees and singing paeans to his boyfriend Jim. “James Isaac Moriarty,” he began in his heavy baritone while Jim watched and listened, enthralled, “I have never met a man like you. I don’t wanna lose you. All these tragedies have taught me not to waste time. I don’t wanna wait one more day. Will you marry me and give me exclusive rights over you, now and forever? I promise I will bring coffee/tea and breakfast in bed every morning and massage your feet at night for as long as we shall live?”
As they boarded their speedboat and Jim started the motor, Sebastian asked him something. Jim didn’t answer, he simply took the wheel and started steering it out of the cove area. When the question was repeated to him, he made a gesture of ‘being unable to hear’ over the sounds of the boat’s engine, so Sebastian playfully stopped the engine just as the boat was midway through the inland waters, leading towards the main lake and about two seconds away from it. The boat stalled instantly with a mild jerk and Jim gave his boyfriend a rather ferocious glare. Before Seb could say a word Jim shouted angrily, “What on earth are you trying to do Seb??? I was already picking up speed and you could have overturned our boat just now. Why did you switch off the Goddamned engine!!”
“But what is this curse actually? Where does it come from? I always thought this was no more than a myth. Tales that are told to scare off kids from going out in the dark and to entertain drunken tourists at pubs. Besides that, tell me how exactly did this so called curse go into Sherlock and Jim?
Sherlock straightened the last photograph on the wall and gave him a broad grin, “The family wall, I call it.”
For a few minutes they were knocked dizzy. Neither of them remembered what happened right after the orgasm but when they woke up they found themselves tangled together, sweat cooling on their bodies and their bodies still buzzing in afterglow.
“Fortunately we were right there or else you may have escaped our attention,” he murmured as he stared at the pic submitted by Sally Hooper. She was standing next to a Maori statue, some form of weird modern art, and in the background was the figure of John talking to a man.
“What did you find out through your analysis?” Mycroft was so anxious that he could barely think straight anymore. His head was reeling and he was finding himself short of breath. He had begun hyperventilating and shaking in his shoes.
“But why there…. the pool house…..” Sherlock tried to ask, confused by Jim’s sudden arrival after two weeks of being incommunicado. But Jim had disconnected in his usual rude manner.
Sherlock was also hard but he was a bit hungry as well. So he headed for the kitchen first and was pretty glad to see the fridge semi-stocked. So John had planned this! Good man, he had some uses at least, beyond the usual pleasured in bed of course. Allowing some of the annoyance accumulated over the past few hours slowly leave his system, Sherlock happily munched on a chocolate and drank straight from a can of milk. He wiped the milk mustache with the back of his hand and sauntered back towards the bedroom, kicking off his shoes and shrugging off his coat, deerstalker and gloves in the process. He tossed them randomly here and there.
What on earth was Sherlock doing here? If Molly was right he was waiting for Charles Magnussen! Oh shit, he was going to actually complain about him? Oh shit! So Sherlock knew about him, he had spotted him stalking him in the mornings and evenings and also figured out where he worked. He didn’t want Charles or Mike to hear anything adverse about him. No way.
John seemed to read his mind and whispered with quiet assurance, “We won’t have a fallout Sherl. I promise. Let me eat some breakfast, take another dosage of that miracle powder and then we will talk at length about some decisions I have taken while I showered.”
“Hmmm, jealous, so very cute and cuddly….. NOT! Please Sherlock, spare me those comments. Now tell me the truth, have you slept with him or not? It’s been close to a month, actually, it’s one month and two days.”
A reality beyond his dreams. A reality he was not going to give up on. A reality that was magical and for him to nurture. Yes, it was his new reality and he would hold on to it with both hands, he would hold on to his John with both hands. Sometime over the past few weeks John had created space in his heart and dislodged Jim from there. That, coupled with Jim’s greedy and demanding and insensitive behavior had finally given Sherlock the reasons to break off with one man and be with another.
Now Sherlock was not the sort who bothered with where his own things were kept, let alone bother with what John had. He was happy enough to let others look into things for several reasons; he had no secrets so people could go through this stuff and it was more convenient when things showed up just like that, no doubt aided by Mrs. Hudson or John or when he visited the country house, his mummy. This arrangement was far better than he doing things on his own and making a mess of it.
Jim and Sherlock got out of the car and Sebastian stuck his head out of the window and said, “Go inside and take a look at the other pets. Choose a couple of them. We shall park a bit ahead and come back here in a jiffy. It’s too crowded, hope we do find a parking spot. Go on ahead, they will surely remember the puppies. They sold ‘em to us only 3 days earlier.”
Silence descended for the next few minutes but just as Sherlock thought John had drifted off, the older man sleepily murmured, “Oh, about the gifts, choice of food etc, Jim helped me with those. He said you two had become close buddies during the walking tour of the house.”
Greg didn’t need to look at any details, showing how quickly he had managed to read up, process the information and memorize all the aspects. They had been informed about the case barely 24 hours earlier. “Mr. and Mrs. Holmes. They started the company that manufactures kids’ items, from baby safety items to education software to toys. They sold the company when they were both sixty three, that was about a dozen years ago. They made a neat profit and ploughed much of it back into the community there, setting up a non-profit organization for orphaned kids, the elderly and the abandoned and runaway teens. Even the church benefitted from their patronage. Guess what they got from the company sale?”
Lunch alone, dinner alone, evening alone. Finally it was night time again, past ten, and Sherlock found himself sitting on the bed and watching something on the laptop John had given him. But he was only half-watching it. His mind was totally on John’s strangely evasive behavior.
Sherlock gave him a wicked glance, “Oh yeah, ranger and conservationist, lecturer and bully, of course he will do so. But only if he knows what’s going on. Just ensure he doesn’t know and he will stay out of our hair. Wait, it’s not him but one of his assistants, Harry, who usually spies on us on his behalf. Harry the spy, Harry the moll, it’s him you need to give the slip to, not Myc. He’s too damned lazy to climb a slope without humungous moral and physical support.”
With trembling and quivering lips, watery eyes and a slightly panicked expression on his face, Sherlock extended his left hand and thrust forth the long bony ring finger. John didn’t notice his demeanor or his hesitation, nor did he realize Sherlock was actually quite pale and preoccupied. He thought the shaking and trembling was because of nerves, of happiness, maybe excitement. He eagerly slipped on the platinum engagement band on Sherlock’s finger, studded with baguettes on one side and inscribed with the letters Sherlock & John on the other. A singular bespoke piece he had personally designed for his beloved. “There,” he kissed the ring and then the finger, “Now we can plan the wedding. Let’s set a date, say, in about three or three and half months from now!”
“Stab him? That’s a bit impossible my dear. The cane is simply not strong enough to kill someone with one blow. It is likely to break.”
Sherlock was quite disturbed that day, so much so that he couldn’t concentrate on his work or the questions thrown at him by his students. He told them he wasn’t too well and would take an extra class the following Monday and give them the answers they needed. A couple of girls flirted with him in the hallway. On any other day he would have rebuked them. That day he just walked away from them, distracted and unbothered.
“Which I didn’t. I must say, because you never responded I was sure you loved me and was trying to fend me off. It’s just the crazy sort of thing you’d do.”
Mike had sold him the idea of sharing space with Sherlock. It was a successful and aggressive sale, which had made John wonder what his former college-fellow stood to gain from this. Maybe he just likes to help out, likes to see things fall in place, people getting a roof over their heads.
“He is right,” Greg murmured that night as he sat in his flat alone, studying some findings about John, “This man has been incommunicado and invisible, for five months as of yesterday. That would make it three and half months before the murder of Mrs. Mary Finch.”
,” the man said. He was leaning on his umbrella. John saw a pocketwatch in pure gold hidden beneath the waistcoat. His watch was as expensive as half of his year’s salary. John was baffled. Who dressed with such meticulous care and followed such formality of manners or donned such ultra-formal and super-expensive clothing items? That too in the middle of the night, at a clinic.
Molly and Anthea looked at each other, her practical advice sinking in well with them once they processed it with some afterthought. After almost five minutes Anthea replied, “Don’t know about Molly but I think you made a good point here.” Molly took a couple more minutes and added, “Yeah, we can’t possibly leave. Anyways, not right away at least.”
expected to do after such a passionate tryst; pamper and indulge Sherlock with gestures, words and cuddles. “Yeah, yeah, I will get the towel and clean up, change the sheets, but no, you are not going to touch that kimono until you’re as good as new!”
Grumpily Sherlock walked out of the room and John locked the door. When he returned to bed he saw the detective had left behind his cell phone on John’s bed. “God, what do I do with this fellow?” He called out loud and went to Sherlock’s bedroom to give it back.
By then John was beginning to feel betrayed already. His fragile confidence on people, his long injured trust, his natural insecurities about truth, loyalty and faith had already been shaken enough and he wasn’t sure he was prepared for another blow.
“B-as-tiaaan!!!” Jim cried out with pleasure and dizzying levels of ecstasy, shuddering all over as his climax practically consumed him within a few seconds, rendering him devoid of all senses except for the feel of Sebastian buried deep within him and cumming hard.
Sherlock’s heart broke at the mellow tone and grief that showed on the older man’s face. He had aged a decade during the past few months, literally. Once again the young man was convinced that, between the two of them, John had taken their split far harder on himself. His earlier anger and grievances melted away, leaving him repentant. He had never thought about John and how he had been doing. He hadn’t even checked, not even once.
Her eyes were glassy with unshed tears. She didn’t seem spiteful but there was a sadness in her eyes and that stabbed at John’s heart. “I don’t want only half of a man. No John.”
“Oh Goddd, no, don’t, this isn’t your bed, Sherlock, Sherrrlooockkk,” John tried to move his dead-weight but failed, “Hey, wake up, let’s take you to bed……” But Sherlock simply shooed him away like a fly and continued to sleep there, snorting and snoring and trying to get all of his wiry arms and long pins on the limited space. John took a deep breath, used all his remaining strength and stamina (he was not a soldier for nothing) and hoisted Sherlock over his shoulders. He managed to lurch towards the bedrooms and, to his dismay, found Sherlock’s bedroom locked. Fuck!
“Wait. I will get something for you, something you can wear and walk out, take the elevator or the stairs and across the foyer, like a normal person. Just stay put here and if anyone comes in, ignore them and keep looking at your phone. I’ll be back as quickly as I can.”
Soon she came back, hassled and flustered. “He’s asking for a coffee, black, with a bit of sugar. He says it has to be exactly the way he described last time, but there was no last time. He never asked me for coffee before Mike…..”
,” Mycroft sounded a bit miffed, “You brought home someone again? I thought the last time was just a one-time thing.”
John’s hands were shaking, his fingers trembling. He tentatively reached out and touched Sherlock’s hand. But then he withdrew as if he had touched fire. “Please, don’t give me false hope. You’re not back. Why would you be? I don’t deserve you. I deserve to suffer and die….”
This was followed by a cackling, dark laughter that shocked the five senses out of Sherlock. Moments later Greg was by his side. He had come in when John had shouted just now. “C’mon,” said the older man in a stern voice, “Time to leave.”
“Alright, fine, alright I am going to do as you say. But calm down. Let’s look after Sherlock first, then we will discuss John. There is a backstory that you aren’t aware of. You must know that before you take a judgment call.”
While a bit disappointed that they couldn’t talk about this for a while, Sebastian didn’t mind so much since he was also fairly tired. The orgasm had been very draining. After pressing a few kisses on Jim’s reposed face and straightening the room somewhat, he turned the lights out.
“Who’s letting you go?” Jawn yawned, eyelids growing heavier as he somehow managed to tumble down on the mattress next to his lover, “Christ, I can barely stay awake. It was such a huge one, I’m literally unable to keep my eyes open.”
,” he said with his usual air of superiority, hijacking the conversation and Sherlock’s birthday plans, as was his habit.
John blinked and smiled. Greg nodded, “Yes, please call me Greg from now on. Here onwards we are friends and not guru and disciple.”
“Thanks a million Megan,” John said and hung up, putting the phone on silent and setting it on the nightstand. He looked down at himself, the bed, his lover….yeah, Sherlock was his lover now, and the state of the room. Sherlock’s clothes and shoes and socks were strewn all over the floor, right next to his own clothes, some of which had been viciously ripped off. Half the bedclothes were on the floor, only part of them covered Sherlock as he stretched out majestically across the bed, naked and sated and sleeping soundly. The sounds of his breathing, the occasional snort and snore, mingled with the thumping heartbeats in his own chest. Only one thought kept crossing John’s sleepless mind over and over again.
Again it struck him how much he had changed in the past few months. He had become so used to John that not having him around in the mornings felt ‘not-normal’.
John limped and hobbled into the room he was allotted and lay down heavily on his bunk bed, the lower berth. Two of his roommates kept quiet. They sympathized with him but were too scared to say anything, lest they became the next targets of the administration and guards. ‘
Cool wet towels were pressed to his forehead and his neck. John put several pillows together to help him half-lie, half sit against the headboard. “Thanks,” Sherlock panted, trying to rid himself of the remaining images from that horrid dream. “Want to talk about it?” John asked sincerely.
Minutes passed and their pants ceased, giving way to steadier breathing. At that point John wrapped both his arms around his lean, willowy lover and whispered into his ear, “Come on, off to bed for you. I’ll wake you after I’ve made some dinner for you. Have you eaten anything?”
The sound of an animal’s irritated and annoyed low growling could be heard from the bushes in the distance. Somewhere in the distance a couple of dogs howled out into the night. The man abruptly turned and made a mad dash for the village, leaving Agatha alone. While slightly rattled, she still held the gun up at Jim bravely while the latter grinned wickedly and made a sorry sound with the tip of his tongue. “Tsk, tsk, your friend abandoned you didn’t he? Well, mine didn’t. Unless you wanna get mauled and end your earthly presence here, why don’t you be the good old girl and walk back home! And don’t keep playing with toys like that thing, it’s called a real gun, if you press the trigger someone might just die!”
“Sometimes even slim, small built people possess superhuman strength,” Jim said, “It’s a fact that strength isn’t directly proportionate to the bulk, muscle or inches on a man or woman.”
John blinked, also sitting up. “Yeah, tea. Just like I always do every morning when we wake up. You like tea, right? Or has it suddenly fallen out of favor and you want coffee instead?”
“NO,” John grabbed Sherlock’s fist as the detective reached for the kimono, “You’re not wiping all this with that thing. Not with that, no sir.”
“I chose not to write ‘darling’ or ‘baby’ at the beginning and ‘your John’ at the end as it would have been too premature,” John explained, “Rewrote this at least sixteen times Mr. Lestrade.”
“Partners-in-crime,” Jim corrected him, “What’s the harm in having another accomplice? He can provide valuable help.”
They kissed and Sherlock turned his head and looked into John’s face. “I never thought I would ever find romance or love in my life. It turned out that my first romance turned out to be the romance of a lifetime and the very first man I fancied turned out to be the love of my life.”
A sudden feeling of protectiveness washed over John, replacing the blind lust that had driven him for most of the evening. He carefully pulled out and went to the bathroom for a washcloth. He cleaned Sherlock up, wiping down his front and back, gently turning him over and settling him into a comfortable position. Then, in a moment of overwhelming tenderness, he kissed Sherlock’s brow before tucking him in with the blanket.
Greg’s hands shook on his cup. He could sense now why John had turned murderous. He would be too, if by some chance this happened to the people he loved. “Did he not try to figure out the source of this horrid joke?”
“So this case has a personal angle now, doesn’t it?” Phil asked him, “I promise boss, I shall work twice as hard on this as I normally do.”
By the way, in about three to four weeks I shall visit London to watch the progress. From a distance of course. If you are struggling I can stay back a week or so and help. Sometimes the results do not show immediately so be alert, but also be patient.”
Jim chuckled, already triumphant, then started to massage his highs and balls as his head continued to bob up and down on the thick man-meat in his chaps. He made a gesture with his fingers to suggest he should continue driving which Sebastian found incredulous, but complied.
There was silence on the other side for a long moment. Then Mycroft sounded a bit tense, “Openly they’re sleeping together?”
“They were respected and very much loved by their neighbors, community and townsfolk,” Greg said thoughtfully, “And now their son, who lives alone on their property, witnessed the gruesome sight of his elderly guest murdered in the latter’s bedroom. Apparently the murderer got in through the window and that too on a windy, rainy night when it might have tested the skills of the finest acrobats to get up to that level and get inside the room. The camera that might have captured a shot of him was disabled remotely, not locally. The kid of a security firm employee was kidnapped and he was threatened to take that step. Then he was bound and gagged and kept prisoner in his own car so he wouldn’t be able to raise the alarm.”
John knew he had no time or patience to strip completely. Either he would end up tearing off his own clothes or he would end up soiling them in his own seed. Neither was his preference. He wanted to cum deep in that pert, rosy arse.
“She’s having one of her mad-mad fits,” Sherlock snickered aloud, skipping down the steps of the porch. Mycroft reddened and immediately pinched his brother’s arm, which made him worsen the situation overall as he tactlessly snapped at his elder sibling, “Why the fuck would you do that huh? Why are you pinching me? I won’t stand for any bullying, not anymore Mikey. I am a grown man now, okay?”
Mycroft ignored the second comment and focused on the first question John had asked. “Why point the gun to your temple? I am a man who likes proof of concept and character. I wanted to see if you are as hot-headed and whimsical as some irresponsible people I know or a smart, level-headed man who knows we
John will definitely end up with Sherlock and down the line he will also suffer for his procrastination over their relationship. Please be patient and read on, it's a slow-burn, unlike most of my other series!
Still, he knew he couldn’t forgive Jim or be forgiven by John. But at the same time he also knew John was now above blame.
“I was supposed to give them ten and I just didn’t have that many. This is a weird job and most of the people we employ don’t do weird jobs. They do odd ones. Even if someone agrees to try for the sake of money, eventually they would not get shortlisted by the client because they simply don’t make the cut. Now think about the twenty-five grand we will make from this simple exercise and shut your trap.”
“No trouble at all,” John said over the noise of the engine, his hairs flying wild in the air, “Thanks for reminding me to have a bit of fun sometimes.”
An enormous amount of satisfaction surrounded John like a warm, fluffy blanket in the cold weather. Sherlock had been quite hungry after going without food the entire day so the cake, the sandwiches, the pizza and the chips had been polished off almost down to crumbs. Jim had pecked at the food but Mycroft had dug in gleefully. John hadn’t eaten dinner so he too had done justice to the fare, his appetite stoked by the sight of Sherlock actually enjoying his meal.
“I am a freak,” said Sherlock automatically. “More than they even know, since they don’t know about the – you know, the thing I can do.”
John climbed the stairs to his bedroom and opened the top drawer of his bedside cabinet. His gun was normally there, along with his papers and his few belongings.
Sherlock stepped forward and opened the door to the closest one of Mycroft’s cars. “You need to leave before you start giving life advice.”
“Ah,” Sherlock replied. He smiled. “I think not. But John is fine in his own right; I’m sure he’ll be able to give you all the help you need in tracking down your wife, Mr. Amberley.”
Sherlock raised his brows in some surprise; considering what time it was. John did not have a phone, and Lestrade was undoubtedly asleep at this hour of the night. His Homeless sometimes contacted him by text, but even so, this was unusual. Sherlock did not have any friends he texted with. He did not have anyone he regularly kept in contact with who was not either directly involved with his work or, at present, living in the same building as he was.
Sherlock made sure it did. He stepped to the side and shoved the woman so that she stumbled a little, and in so doing crushed the needle to glass dust under the heel of her shoe.
!” insisted Moriarty, his tone equal parts exasperated and abruptly, dangerously angry. “You can’t lie to me. Stop pretending to be boring.”
“Anderson will never notice. Just give me his files and he’ll think he lost them. Or his head will explode. Either way, it’ll be fine.”
Sherlock’s arguments were from all sorts of angles. ‘You can’t help’, ‘you shouldn’t help’, ‘I don’t need your help’, ‘I don’t want your help’.
“Fine, I’m fine,” said Sherlock, stooping to pick up her keys. Even in the dim light of distant street lamps and the lights along the side of the building, Sherlock could tell that Molly had turned several shades of pink, ranging from a gentle blush to a rather violent fuchsia. “You?” he added, attempting to restart her brain function.
Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson had met some years previously. Mr. Frank Hudson had gotten himself sentenced to death in Florida, and at Mrs. Hudson’s plea for assistance, Sherlock had ensured it.
“Thanks.” John strode over to the linen closet, getting out a couple sheets and a warm throw. “Aren’t you having any? Tea, that is.”
As he spoke, several people in body armor, guns in hand, came through the door, clearly checking that the room was clear, and John felt eerily like someone had just opened a door to a raid back in Afghanistan.
“Obviously. That’s why he cut Gruner loose when he did,” said Sherlock with a nod. “He got too bold and too greedy. You stick to Moriarty’s missive, or he gets rid of you, at your expense. He keeps a handle on everyone who works with by monopolizing on their greed or their fear. It’s a bit Machiavellian, but that contributes to how it works so well. You control less intelligent people by manipulating them along the lines of their own self-interest.”
By the time he made it to Bart’s, it was late. He saw Molly’s car still in the lot where she always parked during the day, and knew by the hour and by the number of paper bags in the backseat of her car that Molly was not working late, but had instead gone out to get groceries before remembering she’d forgotten something at the morgue. Something mundane, there was no question. It was perfect timing. If she was in, of course she would help him look into things…
One look at Lestrade told Sherlock that whatever it was Lestrade had to say, it likely wasn’t going to be pleasant conversation.
“Not impossible. And when you’ve eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be true,” said John. He could hear Sherlock saying the words in his head. “I’m who you think I am. I was definitely killed in Afghanistan. I’m not dead now. Sherlock’s responsible for that. You saw him bring that plant back. You
Once Sherlock left to meet Lestrade, John busied himself by puttering around the flat, as he usually did. He made tea (as usual), tidied his room (as usual), checked the neatly-arranged stack of papers and IDs Mycroft had made for him (as usual), made more tea (as usual), and finally gave up on finding something new to do before settling in to write. He picked up his notebook—which he wrote in almost daily, if only for something to do while Sherlock had puzzles to solve without John’s help—and sat back in his usual armchair. He scribbled down some halfhearted notes about the results of the last puzzle, with a handful of choice words about Gruner, but before long he was gazing absentmindedly out of the new windows at the street beyond the glass.
He was surprised Lestrade didn’t pull a pastry out of a coat pocket, as only baked goods could possibly soothe Lestrade’s nerves.
“I hate how eloquent you are on emotion. You make feeling unreasonable seem very reasonable.” Sherlock rubbed his eyes. “I’m just having a difficult time reconciling the fact that Soo Lin very nearly died tonight with my certainty that if we had not accepted her offer of help, we’d have lost any chance we had of actually getting close to Moriarty. We’d have
Feeling the wall cautiously in the dark, Sherlock found the lights and turned them on, illuminating the hallway—and revealing a security system mounted on the wall near the door. “Oh,” he said, not at all fazed. “So security isn’t
“Admittedly, money is rarely a factor in anything I do,” said Sherlock, standing and crossing the room to join his brother. “But I stand by the assertion that, if I make it through this, I think I will have thoroughly earned my non-existent pay. Now come along—I’ll walk you out.”
I'm so excited to be back and I promise to keep the chapters coming! Thanks to you all for sticking with me so long and dealing with my crazy schedule. You are amazing.
Either way, there was something nice about it—about having someone determinedly fighting his moral corner. It was certainly a change from Lestrade’s people, with Donovan or Anderson muttering derisively in the background.
“I think…” Soo Lin glanced at the window again, like she was half-expecting to be shot down through the glass, and Sherlock found it was making him feel almost as uneasy as she looked. It was a nervous gesture, not a realistic concern, but given what they were discussing it still seemed like an appropriate reason to be on-edge. Soo Lin tucked her hair behind one ear, and went on, “No one in the Black Lotus has received any instructions since my brother died. Since our employer met with you. This is… unusual. Perhaps I am reading too much into it—but when I was working with Gruner, when he stopped receiving instructions is when he was cut loose.”
Legs straining and lungs burning with the effort, Sherlock picked up his pace even more. He careened into the atrium in time to see the fleeing members of the Black Lotus pull open a metal grate set into the base of one wall with a heavy clang. “STOP!” he bellowed again, as they frantically dove through the opening, and he caught up just as the last of them slipped through the gap.
John lay on the blanket, grabbed Sherlock’s collar length curly locks and gave them a great yank, pulling him down over himself. Sherlock went without any resistance, giggling and moaning and already getting rid of their clothes.
“My brother is quite tall, a beanpole,” the even taller man said with a mere twitch of his eyebrows, “I just want to ensure his soon to be husband is not a dwarf…..whoever thinks an elf and dwarf make a good combination is pure nuts. But no, you’re above that threshold, maybe around five feet six inches….”
“I was quite taken in by him you know. But he isn’t into women I suppose. Otherwise I would have taken him home with me. Rosamunde and Robin would have been delighted to have a clever and endearing guest like him.”
“Relax, you can see the place is clean as a daisy after rains,” Sherlock said nonchalantly, “I need those for experiments.”
The comment on beauty had a double meaning, a part of it being a compliment for Jim and Jim sure did not miss it. He felt the heat of a blush rise to his face and made up his mind to enjoy this man’s company just once. After all, once wouldn’t really hurt if he stayed in control.
“For the records she didn’t tell me anything. But I….I knew. I found out. I had known all along. I was never convinced that…..forget it.”
They were in a first class compartment and the valet was there, so the elder Holmes quickly sent the man out on the pretext of some work and explained, “Yes Dr. Watson, we do have family. We are mostly normal people, albeit with a little extra intelligence and a little extra money. I bet Sherlock has never spoken about his inheritance either, has he? Well, Mother has called us to sort that out and ensure Sherlock, me, our cousin and mummy’s brother, no one is deprived of their share. Our country house is in Huntingdon so that’s where we are headed. By the way, the reason we have all studied in Cambridge as students is because it was close by…. It has been sort of a family tradition over four generations.”
in that room you’ve occupied, the one which could have been my home-office or a den. Everything related to experiments must be strictly limited to that room and only that room. Buy a new refrigerator or freezer if necessary but this one in the kitchen, it’s only meant for food and beverages, not dead people and body parts.”
Inside the nightclub Doug Walker kept waiting for her for more than thirty minutes before he enquired with one of the bouncers. He was a regular patron so the bouncer immediately offered to go out and look. As they were stepping outside, three teenagers screeched and ran along the alley, towards the main road. “What’s happening here?” Doug asked aloud, “Where did she go off to? Did she just dump me???”
John grinned and rubbed at Sherlock’s bare ankles, “Well, what can I say? The bridegroom I had once hired has now hijacked me for life. But it’s a situation that I wouldn’t change ever, not even for a single day.”
“I wish I knew,” Mycroft stared after John who disappeared into the room and locked the door behind himself.”
John wished he wasn’t a coward and could jump straight from that balcony, plunge headlong into the cemented compound and the stone wall beneath which formed the boundary of the luxury property. Courage failing, he wished he could become invisible or for time to reverse and present with another opportunity to prove himself to Sherlock again. He had not only disappointed the other man, he had also taken a sharp fall in his own eyes. This was not him. He was no conman or manipulator. How the hell did he think it was okay to do this? “I-I am sorry Sherlock but I think it’s best if I ask the limo driver to drop you back to your place,” John whispered, shaking his head, “I am sure you’re upset and I don’t blame you at all. Anyone else in your place would have just…..”
Sherlock tried to control his mind, count backwards from 100, remember the exact details of a formula invented years ago, but nothing worked. His eyes fell on the mirror before him (the drugstore was also a convenience and gift store, an all in one shop and one of the only two grocery and utility items selling store in that village) and he saw the stranger right behind him, choosing some man pouches, to be worn around the waist.
“Thank you so much. I owe you my life. I was thinking about escaping from there and I am sure had I attempted that I would have been shot.”
“Sebastian, please, I am not gay. I am just….you know sometimes it happens, boys and their libido, sometimes the situation is such….”
“I told you,” John said a bit irritably, “He is a different kind of person, not easy to understand.”
At one point John felt his semen rush up and buried his nose in Sherlock’s hair, breathing him in deep as he experienced a mind-shattering orgasm of epic proportions. ‘Yeah Sherlock...Sherl….’ were the only words that came out when he came so hard his soul nearly parted from his body. John shuddered hard enough to almost smother Sherlock into the pillows as he came and came, filling his lover to the brim with his essence.
As the two of them chatted and wisecracked one another, all in good humor, Sherlock saw a different side of John. It was a side he really liked and realized John was at his happiest right now, with Sherlock beside him and his granny waiting to have lunch with him! There was a child alive in the man of thirty-four, one that was playful and innocent and indulgent, loved to banter and tease, let his guard down for a change. At once he knew how important it was for John to be in this setting, surrounded by love, by peace and stability in relationships, something that could heal him from his past wounds. He hoped he never shattered that world with any of his inadvertent moves.
“You have just seen God,” Jim said, licking his lips and bringing his face close to Sebastian’s to allow him to lick it off his face, “That’s cute!”
John said an emphatic ‘Yesss’ and put his hands on his hips, making plans in his head about inviting Sherlock to the suite and giving him the red carpet treatment for three days and two nights. The hotel was a prestigious property, dripping with luxuries, awash in opulence, and such a place was the perfect setting for their first romantic getaway together, their first passion filled night. John had so far imagined himself and Sherlock together, close, intimate, consummating their relationship. He had been patient so far but that didn’t mean he did not harbor desires. Sex was something he had frequently thought about and now that even Lestrade wanted him to take the step, he decided to consummate the relationship. Now that they were firmly committed to each other, it made sense to do so. “Here,” Pierre handed him a book. John gave him a confused look, “What’s this?”
The two women landed downstairs the same way, by riding the bannister and sliding down like kids would do. Noiselessly they went to the door and stood behind it, listening carefully.
“When I see a group of six men and women here, with only an hour’s notice, then it can’t be about an interview or to discuss my work. It must be that curse. The last time I had such visitors was more than a decade ago. Since then visits stopped and I thought maybe it has passed.”
The seconds passed by terribly slowly, making both women wonder if time had also frozen to a standstill. As the sounds of hissing and growling came closer and they heard not a sound of the steps, but only saw and felt the presence, the only thing they were reminded of was some ferocious predator from the feline family. Great stalkers, could move swiftly and soundlessly and their most fearsome feature were the eyes. Anthea braced herself for an attack, unable to leave her friend behind as it was something her humanity didn’t allow. She grasped at Molly and took out her pepper spray, taking a deep breath. “Grab a stone, something heavy or something sharp, go for the eyes if you get a chance,” she muttered.
“Now I am going to open the picnic basket and you will open your shirt and show me how bad it is okay?” He asked with a smile and Sherlock nodded, doing as asked. “The lady who runs the inn kitchen got us a nice lunch,” John added with a satisfied smile.
“Soulmate? In just a glance?” Sherlock asked incredulously. Deep inside he was beginning to feel a bit uneasy, mildly alarmed. The way this was going, the universe was trying to push them together and only one out of the two of them knew what that could result in. It wouldn’t be a happy ending for either of them eventually.
Not that he wasn’t happy for his friends, he sure was, but it all added up to his own loneliness and confusion. He cursed John for making him desire company and then abandoning him without a reason or warning.
Moments later, the call connected to Phil Andersen and John heard him greet in a rather condescending manner, at first asking ‘John
Greg got up and walked to the narrow slice of a balcony attached to his sitting room/home office. He stood watching the house across the narrow street, several flats, all well-to-do people, mostly some professionals and white collar workers or small time businessmen and women. Families, couples, friends living together as housemates. Singles with their kids, retired ones with a help. There were all kinds of people in this clean and green neighborhood whose property prices and popularity were fast rising nowadays. Sometimes he envied a couple he saw in a flat on a lower floor in that building. A couple just like he and Sherlock would have been. One of the partners worked in the airlines. He was just home and the other one, who was mostly a homeworker and went to office only once a week, was waiting for him.
“I dunno Sherlock,” the good doctor shrugged but his expression gave the game away, “I am only a sidekick to you after all.”
Sherlock was standing in the bathroom, naked and still damp from the shower, finishing his shaving when Jim burst inside and kicked the toilet lid down and sat on it. “Someday when I am married to Jawn,” Sherlock looked at his friend through the partially foggy mirror, “You gotta stop this I tell ya. Someday you’ll end up walking in on us when he and I are…. Ahem, you know, at it?” Jim giggled and tilted his head slightly to the right, “You mean to say when your happy hours are on? Nah, I might smell things ahead of the intrusion and walk in the opposite direction right then.”
“This isn’t something you can just wish away. People don’t outgrow it in their lifetimes nor is there any kind of cure. There are only three ways to get rid of the curse and one has never been tried. Maybe if you try, you might succeed. Usually people try for the second option - Kill themselves. Or they try to give the infection to someone else.”
It growled at the terrified woman and Irene opened her mouth to scream. She knew this was over and she was done for! The animal facing her crouched and prepared to launch itself at her, possibly to use one of its powerful paws, the lethal claws to severe her neck partially.
Anderson asked, “On the one hand you were weaving dreams around him while on the other hand he didn’t even seem to have noticed you.”
“Of course I would,” John said as he unwrapped the beautiful package. There was a lot of effort that had gone into this, he could see that plainly, and he knew he was lucky in a way he had never expected to be.
“Nah Sebby baby,” Jim cooed, breaking off half of the biscotti and offering it to Sebastian who almost popped Jim’s finger into his mouth while accepting the treat. “Don’t be afraid Sherlylocks,” Jim said in his sing-song voice, putting his feet right up on the brunette’s lap, “Sebby is a bit possessive about me. For a good reason too! You see babe, I am his goldmine and that’s all thanks to you!!! He needs the same thing from John as what we need – Money, money, more money, still more money, plenty of money, lots of money…. Ha, haha!!!”
The shimmering green-blue waters rippled and, as the sunlight reflected off them, they cast myriad shadows all over the cave walls.
Mycroft backed off and Sherlock didn’t pursue the matter either. He was more thrilled to see that the time for opening presents was finally here.
“Hear what?” He was still quite cross eyed from arousal and kissing down her neck, “I hear you saying ‘Yeah, yeah, fuck me, faster’.”
After two days John was at the end of his wits. He didn’t know what to do, who to go to (without making it awkward or being asked a thousand questions) and how to find Sherlock. He had barely eaten or slept during this time, he had not even taken a bath. He knew he was stinking, dirty and repulsive in his unwashed state but he just didn’t care. But after today, he had to care. The weekend was over and he had to resume work tomorrow, therefore he had to wash up, dress properly, eat something, be presentable. Oh no, he had to do his quota of surgeries therefore he had to sleep as well.
John looked sharply at Sherlock who immediately made a placating statement. “I do not show my face,” he said with a sheepish grin, “I do that as a favor to her and also to study the female psyche. Does a male genitalia do the same thing to the female species as a pair of boobs do for some men who are……..Oh look there, mummy is stalking daddy!”
“He is no angel,” Sebastian continued, “He has invested in companies that are cutthroat and only care about profits, not people. He had made his real estate agents pick up properties at dirt cheap prices, all distress sales. He has acquired stolen paintings at throwaway prices.”
“Come on, you know what I mean. We have seen each other naked, slept next to each other, I have seen you in the shower, getting sick in the toilet, we’ve spent a whole night trapped together in a trunk for crying out loud.”
John had tears in his eyes, “I-I am sorry…. I was just…. I was reacting to what I got to know. I shouldn’t have gone into this blind. I could have done more investigations or called the cops but when Ivor and my family members died, I just went mad with grief I guess. I ended up killing an innocent woman and also that fellow Tom….. Superintendent Lestrade,” he looked at Greg, “I surrender and admit to my crimes.”
“Very well, goes without saying,” Greg replied, “I shall speak to you later then.” He ended the call and stared at the three photographs of the shortlisted candidate. Tall, willowy, with bright blue-green eyes and aquiline features, sharp high cheekbones and the perfect mouth and jawline, he was just what they needed. Handsome and yet with the guy next door appeal, not the typical gorgeous or traditionally handsome face one would spot from a mile away but when he was sufficiently closer one could get lost in those eyes. Elegant and suave in appearance, he looked naturally highborn and sophisticated, two things that worked enormously in his favor. One needn’t train him for too long. The educational qualifications were pretty good too. This kid had a degree in chemical engineering.
Images from the past, dug out by some festering memories he hadn’t been able to throw out of his mind, came back crawling to him. He withdrew his hand with a start. But, just as he was about to roll over to face the other side, something adorable happened.
Now he remembered how hints and clues had been dropped by the other man, several times, and he had always rejoiced privately while showing an indifferent side to John, pretending to be oblivious of those advances, gestures and hints. Now John had given up well and truly and he was going to grow old as a bachelor, a lost and abandoned bachelor who was always the extra in a group picture. Sherlock took a few deep breaths and reached for his phone, deciding that he needed to make amends. Put in an effort. Show his eagerness. He was going to keep his man by his side, even if that was the last thing he’d do in this world and in this life!!
“THREE HUN……did I hear that right?” John couldn’t stop his voice from going high pitch, “Three hundred pounds. That is near impossible man!”
. But he felt compelled to do it, so much that he was wondering if he was craving something like this! He felt greedy for a taste, he felt needy for this beautiful body stretched out before him like a lucrative offer. He was so overcome with desire that he started leaking, the clear slick pouring out of his cock creating a wet patch on his fast-drying board shorts. On top of that Sherlock proved to be very responsive, eager and sensuous. The sounds he made, the way he reacted, the soft pants that kept escaping him, everything combined to make John so raging hard that his cock escaped the elastic waistband of his shorts.
“Depends,” she said, not questioning the question but answering it with disarming honesty, “The first one will give you something long term and more permanent. The second one will give you a make-believe world that can crumble any moment. However, there are risks.”
Even Sherlock realized he had spoken too much and tried to beat a quick retreat by slinking away towards the sitting room but his mummy intervened. “Lockie, sit down.” Sherlock took a look over his shoulder and tried to take another step towards the sitting room when Eugenia said sharply, “I said sit down. Don’t you try to act smart with me young man!” Even John flinched at that and Sherlock sat down like a peeved little boy, trying to look upset so he wasn’t asked too many questions. But his parents were in no mood to relent that day and they pulled up their chairs on either side of him. Had it been any other topic John would have left them alone but this was something rather disturbing for him as well.
“By all means please do ask him,” the man said, glancing at his female companion and then giving a greasy smile, “I can vouch for these boys, all three of them. Of course the final pick depends on how well one of them sits in the eyes of the client. I’d recommend…. I mean, we would recommend those two…. One of those two. The third one is a bit too smart at times and can be very mouthy! Anyway, your call! What excited me is that we gave you ten profiles and all three of your final shortlists are from our submissions. It makes us really happy and proud, Mr. Lestrade.”
John had a few questions on his mind but the sight of Sherlock all dressed up like this screamed ‘kinky sex’ and everything just flew out of the window somewhere. His body was overheated in a flash, his brain was fried beyond recognition and the voice that came out of him didn’t even sound like that of a man, nor did his movements as he leapt on the bed and straddled Sherlock’s chest, guiding his straining erection straight through those shiny glossy lips.
“No, thankfully no news is good news on that front. That guy who came to see us yesterday, Henry or Harry, yeah Harry, he drowned in his tub last evening. He apparently had taken too many of those sleeping pills he used to consume off and on.”
What if things go wrong? What if I can’t do it properly? What if I only provoke him to attack me back? What if this is the last time we are together? What if that old man was wrong and only talking some hearsay bullshit and this was really not a ‘remedy’? He was so lost in his thoughts that he got quite the start when the car came to a sudden and slightly sharp halt.
,” Mrs. Hudson said in her usual kindly manner, “I believe you are a good man, someone we have very quickly become fond of and I don’t see you as a guest, but as a member of the family and Sherlock’s friend. But if you have developed feelings for him then I can only say this – Do you think you really love him or is it because he is the only friend you have? After your…. Ehm, your accident, you have found yourself compromised in that way, right? Your friends, your family, whoever they are, they aren’t around you anymore. So it’s very easy to develop feelings for the only man who’s shown you kindness, affection and respect.”
The corners of her eyes crinkled even more as she smiled broadly. Her eyes glittered, her teeth were still mostly intact. She still retained glimpses of her earlier beauty and almost three fourths of her vibrance and glamor, even at this advanced age and despite debilitating illnesses. She reached out and took John’s hand murmuring gently.
They got into the car and Jim drove them out of the property, only to nearly ram into a police vehicle that came speeding down the pathway that connected the highway to the lake and the woods beyond. Jim braked hard and swerved the car just in time to avoid a collision while the police vehicle also swerved similarly and narrowly avoided crashing into a tree before coming to a halt right in front of the cottage that stood opposite to the Glenn Manor gate.
“I suggest you don’t,” Johan said with a wry grin, “You won’t get anything but disappointment. The man has no grace or tact or success in his personal life.”
He thought of buying some figures and putting them on the deck, the captain, the man at the wheel, a few sailors, a first mate.
“Second option,” Sherlock winked, taking off his socks, “So Doc, this time you want a real bridegroom eh? Didn’t like the one you had on hire?”
I went towards Greg who was also beginning to stir. He too asked the same question. Again I had the same answer.
“Who are you to test me exactly? And what do you mean a possible attack? The last time I checked, these kinds of attacks don’t really happen to regular, normal people.”
John stared in awe at the watch in his hands, it was such an amazing piece of craftsmanship. They didn’t make watches like that anymore. “What kind of disclaimer are you talking about?” He asked, wonder and curiosity evident in his voice.
What would happen to Mary? Should he confess to her? No, she was a kind and clever woman, but even for her this would be a bit much to absorb. She would walk away without a backward glance. No, he couldn’t talk to her about this.
“He is with someone I used to deeply respect once, Colonel Sebastian Moran. Made it to colonel in record time and was a jewel in the army’s crown. Until he went berserk and gunned down his superior officer and half of his peers and platoon members. Dishonorably discharged, became a very violent alcoholic. Then he disappears for two whole years and resurfaces suddenly,
They finished the task in about half an hour. The road they had taken was the main road connecting the town with the village and just five hundred meters after the bridge there was a culvert, which they had turned left from. This incident had happened about twenty five meters ahead on that road that led to the village. Naturally there was some traffic but only two vehicles stopped to take a look at what was going on.
Sherlock had no idea how it was possible but a feeble little trickle of release poured out of his semi-hard cock before it returned to his its natural state, soft and floppy. Sated and giddy, Sherlock passed out immediately, totally sapped by the constant physical demands from John’s audacious and overpowering lovemaking that had continued in several phases throughout the day and night.
Mrs. Hudson and her gang of teens had cleaned up the place and John moved in one a Friday, four suitcases, a duffel, two cartons and five pieces of furniture fitting nicely into a small transport truck. He had sold most of his furniture and retained only the nicer, classier ones. One of them was a very comfortable and large lounge chair, a ‘chair-and-half’ with a deep and comfortable seat and an equally comfy upholstered back. John had bought it recently, intending to spend most of his evenings on them whenever he got free from work.
