“If you want what’s in our pants, you gonna get it, you gor!” said the assaulter. Heavy set, taller than the boy, the older man looked a bit like an well-aging wrestler. He signaled to his pals, one of them, the youngest, short, slim and wiry, holding the boy’s arms, the other, older than John and taller, going for his jeans. Now the boy’s face paled, he started to kick about.
“Time to experiment, love.” He brought the lube from where Sherlock said it was. He kissed the detective and proceeded to torture him by slowly rubbing his beard all over his body. Sherlock felt the parts the facial hair touched light on fire, and never, in his wildest dreams had he ever imagined that a sensation, a pleasure like this could exist, his whole body burning, this live wire sensation of trembling, as if he floated above himself.
Rosie had stuffed her school bag into the desk drawer Sherlock had seen.
“I only know about the women. But I think that’s what he missed, when he was with me. He was also married before we were together, to Rosie’s mother. She passed away, but their marriage was already quite troubled.”
Sherlock called back immediately, already dressing hastily and picking up his keys.
“I’ll be the spy,” said Jackson. “Allison is OK at making nice, but everyone likes me!” Allison scowled, but the other two nodded.
*********
*******
“Please.”
“I have to check on Mrs Hudson, John.” Sherlock said anxiously. “I haven’t since we came back. She hasn’t made one noise, or come in once. It’s not like her, to have heard us and not come up with tea.”
So after Rosie finally fell asleep, John prepared tea, turned the telly on, and heard about what O’Keily had said. The Yard had to find out who she had gotten the information from.
Sherlock worked. Worked two cases at once, asked Donovan for cold cases. He knew he had blown his last chance to talk with John at Barts. He hadn’t been able to talk, not at Barts. He couldn’t bring up words knowing Donovan was there. They were colleagues of a sort. Also, Sherlock had been hurting, thinking of John going back to the woman as if nothing had happened between them. He had sent John four texts. He asked for help with the cases, but he was really just hoping for an opening. No such luck. Didn’t matter. He had Watson tomorrow, so for three days it would be the two of them, against the world.
John was out, as he so often was these days. Sherlock had a lull between cases. Molly caught him at home. Sherlock made tea for her and fortunately had some almond croissants to offer her. She went right to business and she munched along. “Sherlock. I know you and John are happy now, and you are scared to do anything that could jinx it.” Sherlock had immediately stopped pretending to show Molly pictures of a recent crime scene and looked at her wide eyed, no one else had figured out the real reason for his nerves. He was ashamed of it. It could almost be deemed superstition.
Sherlock inspected the bike. “Rental?”
“You should forgive him, Sherlock. He was tempted by the offer. He likes the idea of it very much, but he didn’t take it. What he did was have you adopt Rosie. What he did was stop dating other people. He is going to therapy. He is drawing, and exercising, and he has eyes only for you.”
********
The relationship between Donovan and Sherlock is inspired by the incomparable Chryse’s
Finally, after apparently gathering some strength, Sherlock said, “I don’t know what you mean John. It has been hard for me to understand this break up between us. You left home and said we were broken up, and that it meant we were done, over, no more.  You stopped talking to me. Then we worked together through Watson’s school issues. You cheated on your girlfriend with me, but you took me off of Watson’s list. Then we fought, and you took her away from me. That was it ... I could not have contact with you anymore. I was not well, The worst since the Smith case. Now - you are ...behaving differently. I don't know what you... I certainly did not expect... this from you ever...ugh, no more now… no words...Too much. I…,” Sherlock became more agitated throughout his speech
Dr Gates told me I must find something positive, something to thank you for before I go. So here it is; Thank you for finally leaving. With you gone, Harry came back home. We reconnected, she forgave me for not standing up to you. I have one more thing I can say. Thank you for showing me how evil, unhappy and angry a person can end up following your lead. You showed me exactly how I do not want to be. I gave you so much power, letting you in my head, listening and following your bullshit. It's over. I, John Hamish Watson, promise on my child’s name, which you will never know, that I will live my life for my family, and I will proudly live with my partner, my husband, honour him and let everyone know we are a couple. And dad, sex with him is the best. Life with him is amazing. You have no power over me anymore. This is the last time I will ever come here. Mom chose you. When you left, she held on to your beliefs. So you can keep her company now, even though you abandoned her in life. Goodbye to both of you.
“Of course it is! We will work on it until it is a recognizable model of 221B.” That weekend they worked, ordered in, worked, ate ice cream, worked. Saturday night, in honor of having completed the frame, they made chicken and waffles, from scratch, following an online recipe. Nyla had introduced Rosie to this treasure, while having a playdate at american mom’s, Charlie’s, flat. Rosie went back to John’s with her project completed, down to the olive sofa and tiny mock books in the library. She was enchanted by how beautiful the flat looked in dollhouse form. John was much less enchanted.
“You are the first person I have ever felt this much for. The first one I feel I belong with. I knew it from the moment I lay eyes on you, love. I felt it that strongly.” John looked at Sherlock.
Sherlock hadn’t had a chance to look at his phone all day. Even when he felt it buzzing, even when he sat by himself, on the Castle steps, discreetly smoking, he didn’t have the strength to read John’s texts and send back cheery replies. He felt lonely and abandoned in the sudden onslaught of couples present. Was he supposed to ask John how the conference that was keeping him away was going? What about when John asked how he was feeling?
“I told you; I saved a bloke from being hurt; that was him. He’s staying at my bedsit til Baker Street is ready. Then we’ll be flatmates there.”
“What do you mean you can’t find my name! I have the form, it’s Right. Here!” He yelled, putting the phone to her face, so she could see it.
John covered the sting with a smile. “I was also his partner for seven years before we separated.” he said, nicely enough, reaching to shake the hand of the enormous man, whom, John was positive by now, was shagging Sherlock (Oh my GOD, Oh my god, Oh my bloody…).
“Yes. You see, when the man called you ‘the next Director’, you could see the shock in Sherlock’s face. Then he said, “John wouldn’t do that, we live in London.” The asshole saw the look in his eyes and latched on to it. He said you had told him you had been developing a ‘commuting plan’ as a contingency, and explained it. That was when Sherlock just did an about face and hurried away. I ran after him. See, I have a husband who is bound to do stupid things in situations like this, like go fishing for Vicodin. I just wanted to see that Sherlock was safe. Then you came.”
“Such a short time for that bold a move.” said Molly. She, unlike Mike, was not happy at all with the situation.
John woke up to Mrs Hudson knocking on the door.
“His primary doctor? Doctor Mendez?”
“Lestrade, you are bisexual…” Sherlock said as he peeked at the takeout and crinkled his nose.
*******
“The government?” laughed John.
“You told me he is also in therapy with a specialist. Is he continuing?”
“Well, you are certainly in love, and in a renewed relationship. However, you have been working hard to overcome those feelings of having to curb your love for a man, for your man. I think you really want to be proud of being in a homosexual, committed relationship. This allows you to let go of the need to punish Sherlock for ‘making you love him’.“
“A week?”
“Invalidate? I will have you know, both Sherlock and I are MI5. We have collaborated in situations much more pressing and urgent than this!”
“Nah, you are only taking me home now because of the dance,” John teased. “I knew there was no way you were going to resist that blatant display of sheer sexiness.” He winked at Sherlock and they laughed together.
“So has John dated?” Charlie asked.
“Sherlock! Hi. Toby is fine. He is my pet. My ex boyfriend’s name was Edward. We separated last month. I’m fine about it though.” She said, smiling to show how fine she was. “Oh, since you are here. Any idea about what Rosie may like to eat for dinner? I didn’t ask John.”
“That was - amazing!” John was definitely in awe.
John looked at him, jaw set, position stiff; “Sherlock Holmes do not finish that sentence!”
“I was thinking of consuming bigger, better things.” Said Sherlock, with an exaggerated pant, rubbing Luther’s hardening cock with his own, the layers of fabric providing plenty of friction. Sherlock opened Luther’s buckle and the big man laughed.
The girls worked on their project, washing the dolls’ hair and writing notes about the results. Then they tried different methods to curl the remaining dolls’ hair, again leaving their hair to dry. After a lunch of pasta, the girls and Charlie played karaoke, with Rosie being the best voice. The dolls’ hair resulted in various different degrees of curls, each technique and doll properly documented, the process filmed and the mess picked up.
“Oh, so you don’t even remember. What is it with you, you fag, that you can’t see an honest woman work without trying to ruin her.”
John wondered again, why the obstination of not allowing him upstairs. Mrs. Hudson interrupted his thoughts.
Wilson smiled and answered, “Like I said, we are looking into places to start over in. He sent me to scout London out. Way too lazy to get his butt on an international flight." Wilson took out his phone. “Here they are,” he showed Sherlock the picture. “He is Howard”
“Yet you kept this to yourself and brought me here to be humiliated by your colleagues.”
“Any conversation between you two?” She asked
One piece of paper, written in anger. That is all it takes to hurt a person, to destroy tentative peace. John is away and Rosie is feeling sick. Sherlock goes to the rescue, but that one piece of paper won't allow him to take his girl home...and if that was the only paper where Sherlock was parent to Rosie, now what?
“No, in all, he was pretty subdued. He seemed less stuck up than he has been lately. More present.  He busied himself taking pictures of Rosie’s work.”
“I do like this beard better. I found there is a difference between something growing kind of unconsciously, without one noticing, and growing something you care about, tending to it. I use beard conditioners, some oil this time around and it resulted in a softer, much less itchy growth.” John took Sherlock’s hand and brought it up to his face. “Here, touch it.” Smooth and soft. Sherlock rubbed his hand gently in it. Was John leaning in? Suddenly his friend took his hand and slipped the sleeve up, finding the angry looking gash that still hurt.
His head against the door; “Brother, I can’t any...I... I .. overdose...would you stop it?”
“Well you are quite a detective, Sherlock, knowing things about me, and us just meeting.”
“And I’m sleeping over!!” screamed Nyla and Rosie joined in.
John said, his voice tinged with emotion,“With this ring, I declare to everyone, that you Sherlock Holmes have done me the honor of being my husband, now and forever more, come what may, the two of us against the rest of the world.”
“What?” he asked.
Finally, the cab made it close to the Convention Center. John opted for paying the driver and just running the last two blocks. There was a police line, and some officers standing guard. He approached the group of officers. “Excuse me, I’m looking for D.I. Lestrade? He asked me to come.”
“John. He called me so his wife could meet me. She wanted to see me… deduce me.”
John did send Sherlock a text about the parent/teacher meeting. It was on a Tuesday, late in the afternoon, 5:30pm. Case time, no chance the great detective would want to come, but John sent the reminder anyway.
“Forensics. She has the nerves and the brains for it.” She looked at him as if daring him to say otherwise.
Quincy’s phone rang. “Yes Dr Watson-Holmes, fine. Congratulations once more and thanks for the opportunity to witness your beautiful wedding. We’ll send him in now.” He turned and looked at Sherlock. “As much as we enjoyed your company, we overstayed our welcome at your husband’s request, so he could prepare something for you. Felicidades Sherlock and may you and your family live a long, happy life. Vamonos, Beto.”
“She is MY little girl, too! I’ve raised her just as much as you have John Watson!”
Sherlock blinked, and blinked. Daddy? To a young man like Hal? He did the math in his head. Goodness! He could be this young man’s father! Before he could think of anything to say, or even process that Hal was in his personal space, he felt a force yank Hal away.
Thanks always to my lovely betas
“Happy about that. We don’t have to worry about being taken away from each other. I now have as many rights as John does over her, even if we do not share DNA.”
As he lay in his bed bag, in the tent with Murray, a text came in
John had promised to go by 221, where Sherlock said he had already left some of his things, and retrieve his laptop, thinking Sherlock’s self imposed house arrest would be coming to an end soon. At the moment, he was having lunch with Sarah again, while a pretty blonde nurse sat at a nearby table and made eyes at him.
“Do you understand the danger you are putting yourself into? I am a junkie, a psychopath and am continually being looked for by the worst of London’s elements.”
by the amazing Chryse, Sherlock loves John from the day he meets him. This is the most beautiful love story!
The feeling of Sherlock in his arms, when morning came around, all angles and stolen blankets and legs tangled up with his, made John so happy, tears leaked out of his eyes. He fell back to sleep just looking at him. Rosie woke up later, hearing the absolute silence she got up to investigate. Upon seeing her dads, all tangled up together, she gasped,  but quietly got John’s phone and took a picture so he could find it and draw it later. She commandeered some Italian biscuits, cause this was one special occasion, and went back to her room, to call Pepsi.
Also, in an upcoming chapter,
“Graham came to see if I’ve really cleaned up, and to give me cold cases, as a prize.”
Then he took me to my bed, and was very gentle with me. It was a surprise, as it was that from then on he would no longer go upstairs to sleep. He slept hugging me instead. I was shocked when he called it ‘our relationship’. I asked him then, why he wanted a relationship with me.” Sherlock fidgeted. “He said he was done dating women and moving around. He wanted a home and adventure and somebody to raise his child with. He said he wanted me. I did ask him then, if he loved me. He laughed and said ‘You are just getting this? Of course I do, you git. I always did.’ Then we got distracted by… other activities. I took his word for granted, for the time being.”
********
started and Rosie got Sherlock to dance with her. His parents were staying at the hotel Harry and Meghan were, they were all apparently spending the weekend, and mummy had already secured an outing to the theater with her new granddaughter and her three friends, on Sunday. She would spend tomorrow night with Harry at the hotel, but tonight, a happy, exhausted little girl demanded both her fathers spend the night with her. John considered asking to go to Bakers Street, knowing Sherlock would probably not deny it tonight, but he offered his flat anyway and it was accepted.
Sherlock then took John to the bedroom. It was painted in deep blue John had said was comforting. The bed had a new mattress, there was a walk in closet now, big enough for John’s things. There was an empty window box up on the wall and a picture of the three of them, right before everything had gone wrong, on one of the night stands. The bathroom had ample space to put things away, an enormous rain shower head, a big bathtub, and a double sink. John saw, and he also observed. (“
John couldn’t help a quiet chuckle. Sherlock did have a way about him, even while telling him how to raise his kid. John left the tent to go train with the guys.
“That will never happen. You will never have Sherlock. You would have to fight me, and you have no idea just how savage I can get to protect him. You don’t know what you are getting yourself into, targeting Sherlock. He is not alone. He has friends and people who love him. There is a whole army of people on our side. You are alone. Paid thugs and assassins need the money. We have the most vicious motivator of all. Stay the fuck away from Sherlock, if you want to stay alive.”
-You git! No wonder you are all willing to go! Don’t think that being outside excludes all social interaction!
, who has many more captivating stories!
John considered the life Sherlock was describing. Granted it was similar to his own. Sherlock should be going out, having fun, not depending on Mrs. Hudson for company. Then he remembered Luther. He also knew that Harris was no idiot. He called often to spend time with Sherlock. John had to focus.
John sighed, got up and said: “Well, maybe I should go and keep her company.” He walked to the kitchen, put the glass down, stood there, hands on the edge of the sink, slumping over it. “Sarah is married now, Sherlock. She has been for two years. We went to her wedding. She is five months pregnant. I didn’t do this for her.” He started to walk towards the stairs, as Sherlock got up from his chair in panic.
“Sherlock, will you take me to the hairdresser? I don’t want to ask John for a haircut.”
John laughed. “Well I can’t put it on the blog yet. He prefers I don’t. The people I get along with know our history and see us as a couple. They know. I did send an email to James Sholto. He is in South America now, and I told him we had been a couple back when he visited London. How we had our troubles and are now working our way back to each other.”
Both are talented authors, and please check out their latest stories!
“Why must it be a dinner ‘party’, John? Why can’t we either go out with her or just each have dinner on our own?” A reluctant Sherlock whined.
“Oh, you should get dessert? You only had salad, baby, you ate like a bird. If you were hungry, you should have had a proper dinner.” Luther said, as Sherlock traced a line of kisses down his chest and moved his hands over the plains of Luther's chest and abdomen. Live in the transport, turn off the mind.
“You have a prospective flat in Marylebone?”
“We went all over the place…” she said.”...after visiting the children’s museum and the stores, we went for a mani, pedi and Rosie...well she said it would be ok? I hope it is John.” Meghan said.
“Astounding. I’m truly flattered that you are so interested that you have procured such a trove of information on me. Unfortunately, I can not reciprocate. So, unless there is a follow up to this odd encounter, I have more important business to tend to."
“Oh God, yes!”
“Yes. My goddaughter. My little girl. Rosie.”
“...SHE WON’T BE ABLE TO HAVE IT, IF ONE OF HER FATHERS IS A …..
********
“How did…? Who are…?” He started, but he couldn’t well run and talk. Not with this ethereal junkie holding on to him.
“Donovan, have you seen Sherlock? I’ve been having difficulty reaching him. It’s child related.”
John was busy picking up the clothes that tumbled out when the basket and the detergent fell to the floor. Sherlock swept up the powder as John didn’t look at him.
by Itsallfine. It's an epic S4 fix it, lovely format, the boys working hard to be able to succeed as a couple. I remember following it as a wip and being so happy with each update!
“Wait, what? You said you were doing your paperwork! Police records? Registrar?” Harris got up off his chair and crossed over towards them.
“Sex?”
"You are very sexy, Doctor Watson.” Sherlock said and kissed him again, John settling in on Sherlock’s chest, both men falling asleep in the comfort of each other’s arms.
“Sherlock, look! This is Jackson! He is the Birthday boy! Jackson, this is Sherlock Holmes!” Rosie introduced them as Jackson stopped to say hello to her.
“Mike...Thank you. You have always been a friend. I’ll think about the therapist.”
Mycroft grimaced; “When, Sherlock?’
“No, only that it’s my day with her, and things always seem to come up on our days. I’m sure it seems the same to Lizbeth, too, but ….”
“Somewhere in the middle, I guess. I thought he didn’t answer my reminder texts, so when I saw him there, I was...upset. I was convinced he was playing games, trying to get the upper hand. Then, once I got home, I realised he had answered. I just didn’t get them because I got caught in a mess of traffic in the tube.”
“John…”
“Your soon to be colleague, Colin Fazel, was kind enough to inform me, complete with the fact that you already have a plan for commuting back and forth a week, and staying in Cheltenham for two while only coming to London on the weekends. Since I do not recall talking about this, I must understand I am not a part of this plan. Therefore, my time here is done, and I will be going back home immediately, once I can pack my things.”
John sent him a text.
Sherlock talked with two of his underground girls, Claire and Kaia, who had been showing the desire to get off the streets and pursue an education. They were to board in the basement flat, which had also undergone a transformation, and discreetly help Mrs Hudson with things such as shopping, dropping off dry cleaning, being undercover companions and housekeepers for her as needs arose. This way, there would always be two people at 221B to keep an eye on her, if Sherlock and John were away on a case, or on a holiday.
“So no cases Tuesday or Wednesday?”
Rosie, Nyla, Pepsi and Mel, had a spectacular evening at the theater. Then, a trip around the city, getting their nails done “Wicked” style. There, they had met a classmate, Alison, out with her mom. They had been invited to join the girls’ playdate  at Nyla’s mother’s place, where they would have dinner before Mrs Stamford took them home.
“So he is really taller than Sherlock? And muscled? And black?” Molly asked.
Rosie basked in the praise, and didn’t answer the question. She had a huge fight with John. About the stupid flat. He dared to call that dingy, ugly place home. Home was Baker Street. When he picked her up last time, she hadn’t wanted to leave and told him so. John had the nerve to tell her amicably “sorry sweetie, but it’s time to go home with Dad now.” As if Sherlock were no one. She waited til they got to the flat and then just let him have it. Nor the flat was her home nor John any more Dad to her than Sherlock. And Dad didn’t say anything back, just let her yell abuse at him as if he were...a chip and PIN machine, automatic, with no feelings about what he had done at all. That was when Dad became John. Because to her both men were equal and belonged in one home. She had almost given up hope that this would change, that they would go back. And she was mad. Oh sod…speak of the devil there came Dad...John.
time in London not so long ago.” Iyanna winked at John, who let out a sigh of relief.
“I can’t continue with the sex, Luther. I should have given myself time to relearn how to be by myself. That was the plan my therapist suggested. However, you proved to be too much of a temptation.” said Sherlock, quite truthfully.
(See the end of the chapter for
So Sherlock spent the evening throwing out experiments, doing the laundry, going to the blasted Tesco to get milk and food. He put books away, threw garbage out, threw out the shower curtains, cleaned the loo, replaced the linens on all the beds. He sat down to take a breath, and woke up at 7:00am. With the Watsons returning at 1:00 pm he scrambled with last minute preparations, put everything back in its place, According To John, and started preparing lunch at 11:00, having decided on a light lemon pasta with salmon. He would use Cavatappi, since it was Rosie’s favorite.  He took a quick shower and hurriedly dressed and fixed his hair. Wore the white shirt that John always looked at for longer than appropriate. His hair was on the long side, in maximum state of curliness. He just finished cleaning his teeth when he heard shrieks and wails on the pavement. A look confirmed it was Rosamund, in her Ultimate Diva mode, throwing herself backwards in John’s arm, threatening to fall head first on the concrete.
“When Mycroft said you had been too busy with ‘other activities’ to remember your pay.”
“Not, shut up, let me finish. I called you a ‘friend’ when I shouldn’t have. I will not, any more. I will call you my partner, the father of my girl, my love.  There is one more title I want to give you, if you still find me worthy. William Sherlock Scott, will you marry me? I would be honored to call you  husband.”
“Luther as much as I enjoy your company, I’m afraid I’m going to have to pass. After our rather...intense activities of last night, I think the best place for me is home, my bathtub and my bed.”
John was unfazed. He talked about bike routes he had rode on and how different it felt now from the time when he had cycled to work years ago. Before, it was an outlet for his anxiety, now it was revitalizing, an exercise, freedom.
“How long were you really going out with him? And when did the two of you actually go to France?”
“Yeah, it is, I can have both Holmes in one room. It’s good for short periods of time.”
“Well, he helped open the markers and mix them with the alcohol. He checked the mixing of the colors, and the water temperatures the next morning. Anyway, everybody helped. Charlie recorded, and then she helped us with the hair coloring. She made us the best breakfast in the morning!”
Sherlock massaged the thighs and John let his moans and hums of satisfaction out freely. “Oh, love that’s it, you are fantastic. Harder, go harder” John let his voice go rough. “Yeah, oh yeah, bloody lovely” He heard Sherlock laugh.
“Surely there must be something to report?”
Thanks as always for my two lovely betas,
“I have no words, John. I never thought that sex could be all that. This last month. I didn’t know we could be this. That I could have this with you. It’s difficult to think that we just started, yet I could have already put you in danger, just by not being able to leave your side."
“Harry, where is John?” The caterers, gardeners, and assistants were making Sherlock anxious.
So John took him in his mouth again and sucked, moving his head up and down. After a couple of minutes Sherlock was saying John’s name repeatedly  and coming copiously into his mouth. John then took himself in hand, showing off now. Sherlock came down from the stratosphere he had rocketed to enough to want to help John, who let him wrap his long fingered hand around his cock, and put his hand back over him, and they worked together until John’s rhythm became erratic, his whole body trembled, he threw his head back and came all over Sherlock, who was watching open mouthed, still trying to convince himself this wasn’t a dream.
Sherlock went over the pieces of evidence, memorizing numbers he found handwritten on the receipts, and also taking pictures of the little portraits on the piece of paper. Once they were done, John was stopped by one of the younger detectives, Stewart, who wanted to let him know he was a fan, and talked to him about some of the tips Mr. Holmes had passed on to him, he has said came from John’s experiences with handling high tension situations. Hearing that had moved him, that Sherlock still had good things to say about him and include his experiences as advice for new officers.
“Yes, John?’
“Oh?”
“Confidential? I raised her! I’ve cleaned her nose and her bum!! There has to be some sort of error. Call John again!”
“Oh love, don’t worry. I forgot to tell you, but I sent her and Mrs Turner to the Liliac Veil Spa for a week’s holiday. They were extremely happy about it, too.”
“He had 50 pounds. I currently have like 30 of it, but I’m using it to eat, Captain.” John thanked the man, gave him his card and asked him to come visit him. “Even if you just need someone to talk to Lieutenant…,” said John earnestly, “...It can be lonely out here, especially if your friends are disappearing." John left a 20 in the hiding place as he followed Vasquez out.
Sherlock continued; “Reid basically gave himself away today. I wonder if he knows just how cold blooded his mistress is. She went from joining him in his intimidation  plans, to get even with me for getting her fired, to searching for Mary’s information, in secured information channels, and developing threats that would terrify a child. She even goes as far as telling Rosie that she is destined to become her mother.” Sherlock had been texting Donovan as he spoke, and the Yard was already on their way to arrest the couple.
He held Sherlock’s cock moving his fist slowly. “John!”
“Business trip? Was it a case? Where did you go? Lestrade was all ears now.
“Wait! You can’t access the registrar! You don’t have the clearance!!” DI Harris was suddenly agitated.
“So you want to come to my place with me, Sherlock? I had plans for dinner, but I can cancel them.”
"How convenient for you, since you have discarded me, now Rosie should too? So you’re going to what? Move away, so I can’t be with her? And will you have her keep up with her learning? Will you know when she has tried her best and just needs you to praise her? Will you know when she has something to tell you, but she doesn’t want you to be sad? Will you, Daddy dearest? Oh, wait...she doesn’t even
They settled in the backyard, very nicely decorated, there was a little space for an outside grill, a small water decoration, a tasteful path of carved stone and fairy lights strung on the tents. It looked like a garden from a fairy tale.
“Molly, this is so new. We worked so hard to get here. What’s wrong about keeping it as it is? We are happy now, and as you well said, I am reluctant to upset the status quo.”
The nightmares did find him. He didn’t scream, or throw things. He woke John with his thrashing about and his mumbling. Then John realized he was talking in Spanish:
“Get a haircut with me? I’ll take a selfie of us together and you can send it to John.”
He had told her all about the fight. Harry knew about breakups. She had a rough one, from her first partner, Clara, who had been her highschool sweetheart, the one mom had found her with, a rollercoaster of an on again off again relationship spanning 15 years. They had a rocky relationship, and a marriage that lasted five years, come to an end when Clara decided she’d had enough, left home suddenly and married a man as soon as possible. Clara never looked back. Harry was now 7 years sober, 4 years married to Meghan.
“One therapist who at least tried to make a  difference and my brother, who has kept files on me spanning from my birth. I believe those will prove the most helpful.”
A special thank you this week for both my betas,
My Betas are the greatest people
“Thanks! Do you think you could teach me how to solve crimes? Or if not how to run experiments?” Jackson asked.
“Yeah, night time could be a problem. He usually has ...stuff to do in the evenings. They are the only evenings he has for himself, right? If you don’t have anyone to keep the Rose, I’ll take her. I can even go to your place if you want.” Greg offered.
-Are that? SH
“He said you just don’t know me yet. I have been remarkably good since we met. Mycroft said, when you know the real me you will leave, like everyone else. I'm not like normal people. I’ve been... not good, John. When I traveled, I lived in the slums, on the streets, I did drugs, I did things for the drugs, stealing, cheating...You’ll be disappointed in me, of my past. You will tire of my dedication to the Work, of my experiments, my social failures. You will want… women, and move away, and I’ll be alone again.” Sherlock whispered and rocked as he did.
John took him by the hand to the fireplace, where a tray with strawberry champagne awaited them. “To my love, for tearing down a relationship in ruins and building a new one from the ashes.”
********
“Care to take it inside, baby?”
The man left. John was pacing uncomfortably. “Are we really going to wait till the morning, Sherlock? He could be gone by then!”
Thank you for reading, leaving kudos, commenting. It makes sharing stories such a great experience!  I like to listen to music for inspiration, setting the tone of a scene, showing a character's emotions. Here is a playlist with songs in the story and some that just were meaningful while writing it. Hope you enjoy!
This monologue was delivered with speed and conviction in the eyes of his new companion.
********
“How are things going with the two of you? Do you still feel like you want to recapture what you had?” Beverly had listened to John agonise over Luther and Charlie.
“You are amazing!” Said Nyla’s  mom. “I didn’t even know the word for it was crystallisation!”
“Hm. My hair is getting a bit too long. I suppose I can try a shorter look. Not sending pictures to your father, though. Sorry.”
Sherlock made it home. Took a shower. He wanted not to think. He couldn’t stop his brain, of course, nor his body, full of marks, bites, aches and pains. How could he not have seen? How did he not know that John had a female lover? Easy, he admitted, he had not seen, because he had not wanted to. He had wanted John so badly, he was willing to hide the truth from himself. Now what did he have left? The certainty that he had been an opportunity, a fluke, not good enough for permanency.
“Traffic, some, not bad really. What am I supposed to do?”
“No! NO!!! Why does it still have to be him! I’m so bloody tired of not getting over him!! He doesn’t want me! I’m never enough, always his last resort. He doesn’t prefer a male partner.” Sherlock snagged one of Luther’s cigarettes.
The truth, however, was reflected in his sleepless nights, his half a stone weight loss, his constant worrying over the other. John missed Sherlock, Viscerally, deeply. Now, when the Detective wouldn’t even give him the time of day, was when John realized he may have moved out, he may have said he ended their romantic relationship, but he had never intended to terminate it, not really, because in his heart of hearts, he still loved Sherlock. Loved him and wanted him back.
-Goodbye John. SH
“You mean you had sex. Tell me about him.”
"He confuses me. His demeanor and his attitude were quite different to  the last time we were together. John reached out. He had been texting me. He was friendly with me and we talked like we did in our earliest years. Even when we met Luther, he never lost his temper. When I left with him, John seemed disappointed… John  called me the next morning to ask me to erase some voicemails. He had texted me. I only found out once I left Luther and looked at my phone in the cab.”
John and Sherlock divided a pie, John’s half was the meat lover's pizza, with ground beef, and sausage, while Sherlock’s side was low on cheese with an extra helping of shiitake mushrooms. John also asked for a salad and chicken wings. Sherlock eyed the wings, but didn’t take any. John took a small plate, and served him half his salad, giving him most of the hot peppered olives. Sherlock sat there, blinking for a couple of minutes and then simply said, “Thank you”.
“Well, I’m endeavoring to make the most out of the time we have together. I’m doing my best to function socially.”
“I don’t see how this ‘investigation’ will help Charlie…” Lizbeth had broken into a sweat, she was twisting her hands.
-I see you had some adult company also. How did that go?
Visits with Dr. Quentin were down to once every two weeks
“Sushi? What do you say, Wiggins?” John asked.
When he walked into the school, he was surprised to see him, apparently fighting with Donovan on the phone.
Thank you, thank you, thank you! to my lovely readers! for sticking with this story, for giving me kudo love and for the lovely comments. As a reader I do try to comment on the stories I read. Never completely understood the significance of the comments. They are life sustaining. I'm grateful to you all!
Luther couldn’t keep his eyes off Sherlock for long. The music was beautiful, Sherlock was mesmerized. Sitting in the balcony seat with him, a small smile, his hands together as if in prayer, the Detective moved his head softly to the gentler pieces.
“I’m trying, child, but you fidget so! Calm down. You did fine, it will be alright!!”
“Now I understand you, Posh Boy.” John was happy to comply, as he had neglected his own cock during his little game and it was hard to the point of being painful. He placed Sherlock on his back again, and moved around to kiss his lips, careful not to have their bodies touch, lest either or both just go off. John wanted this feeling, this sweet and anticipatory heat, to last longer. His body vibrated with the joy of having what he had missed so much. His feeling of belonging to his mad man so strong, he wondered why he had sought him in other bodies. Now he ran his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, and kissed his neck, placed a kiss on the bullet scar,  Sherlock’s eyes followed him, his movements, his kisses. His breath hitched, his legs trembling. John placed himself and entered, hearing Sherlock gasp. Neither man moved, just breathed, Sherlock’s eyes closed.
he whispered, in French, so John wouldn’t understand. He kissed it. “
“Sherlock, sweetheart, are you….ahh.”
Now a group settled in to take over the music. They had been hired by Tara. A cover group exclusively of gay men,  The River Band, they took popular songs old and new and played with the pronouns and the lyrics. They played a medley of songs Sherlock knew - from the disco. The dance floor was cleared. Sherlock looked around. He turned to Harry “Is there another act?”
“Now my shoulders, and get closer. It’s so good, you genius. ”
“I have something to say, only if you are not too drunk, though.”
While they were ordering drinks, Molly came in looking very pretty. She didn’t recognize Billy, whose eyes went soft. “Hello, Dr.Hooper” he said.
*******
Sherlock could feel  Luther’s warm breath on his chest, his neck and then his mouth was on Sherlock’s nipples, making Sherlock gasp and moan loudly. His cock, steadily hardening under Luther’s body and his touch, started leaking. Luther looked into his eyes, his fingers on Sherlock’s trousers. He motioned taking them off. “Is this ok, baby?”
“It’s OK, baby. Let me talk to my girl. I’ll take them out tomorrow, instead of dinner today. It will even be better for Jackson. We’ll leave right after. Is that alright?”
“Sherlock, those were different times. A different situation…,” started John.
Sherlock answered first: “With me she follows directions, she takes care of her clothes and her things. Rosie will help me cook and eat with me. Sometimes she does get grumpy or sad, but she will let me know if she needs a moment of privacy or if I can help. I would say she likes to have frank discussions about how life is for both of us now.  She has asked me if I would tell her if I date someone. I said I would. She has been perhaps a bit more clingy than usual, but that’s about it. I really have not seen her anxious.”
-John…
Sherlock turned around to face him, his own face contracted in a grimace, his hands pulling at his hair, “John you need to be safe! You can’t let him get to you! If something happens to you…”
“I have always known it, John. Really, why would you think I would not know the name of one of the three people I jumped for?”
Sherlock bitterly regretted the fight. After it, when he could think again, (it had taken the better of three days. He had pushed everything back to tend to Watson.) he realized that while it was true he had raised Watson just as much as John had, Sherlock had no legal standing whatsoever to support it. The school documents, that had started the fight, had never had any legal validity in the first place. His time with Rosie was not court ordered, and therefore not law protected, it occurred solely because of John’s kindness. Now that Sherlock had offended and irritated him, there was no way to force John to let Sherlock have her three days a week if he changed his mind.
“How are things with John? Still dating? Is his behaviour up to your expectations?”
The Watson-Holmes Grooms and the three girls danced to the original version of 500 Miles. Then the band stopped the music. The fairy lights sparkled when a slightly emotional Mycroft went center stage to toast for the grooms:
The next two days were glorious. John’s long ago vision of  Sherlock rolling around with the dogs came true, and he didn’t know who of them was happiest; himself, or the madman he loved. Rosie needed a snow suit to enjoy the long day outside in the cold. She happily followed all the directions the trainer gave them. Sherlock had long ‘preparation’ times, playing with the dogs, brushing them, setting them in their places to pull the “sleds”.
Finally, Sherlock turned, looked John up and down. “What are you doing?” he asked
“Yes, Sherlock. Will you take me? I really, really want to come home with you.”
by the fantastic Lorelei_Lee. To say it is a story about Mafia Boss John and Virgen Sex Worker Sherlock is to sell the story so short. The Author includes tons of information, visuals, even recipes. There is so much to learn from this story, if you just open your mind!
“Why would it? He was happy for us!”  John answered and saw that Sherlock's body relaxed and a little smile came on his face.
“I love this act.” Sherlock heard a voice next to him. The young redhead was now sitting next to him at the bar, watching the dancers. “I’m Hal. I believe you asked my agency for me specifically, Mr. Holmes.”
“I guess we can do it, for Rosie. Thank you for the information John. I believe it will prove relevant to the case. I will let you know. And, I...will answer your texts.” He hung up without waiting for an answer. But at least, there was that.
******
“It’s not over yet,” said John, “how many nights have we spent just like this? You and I in our chairs, in front of the fire, just the two of us?” John asked with dreamy eyes.
He turned around and looked at John. “He will not stop. Moriarty issued a direct threat upon you when he said he would clear my path. I will not blame you if you decide to…”
The following story is important to me for a very important reason; It is so well written and convincing, it made a true blue johnlocker need reassurance that Sherlock and John do belong together. This lovely person came to me for a fix-it fic recommendation, and an incredible friendship was born! So,
********
******
Her face was very kind; “Dr. Watson, I have seen this kind of change in children going through changes in their families. Rosie challenges you as she knows you are safe, you will be there for her even given her worst behaviors. These times are not easy, but they are temporary, until things settle down and time sets the new routines. You might consider a counselor to help her through this transitional stage.”
“Hello. Nyla, Hello Mrs. Wood” Said Sherlock politely.
“Oi John! Why didn’t you answer Himself’s texts? He even called you, and you didn’t respond. Now he’s in a major state! I think he’s reduced Anderson to tears.”
“You don’t have to explain anything, love. This is now, it’s what matters.” John kissed him. He opened Sherlock’s shirt. Slowly, John opened Sherlock’s shirt. He had one hand in John’s hair and the other on his shoulder. John opened his trousers then took off his own. Sherlock sat on the bed, took off his shoes, his socks and sat looking down. John undressed, keeping his pants on, and sat next to him, one hand on his back, gently making circles.
Luther started in earnest, just as Sherlock wanted, hard, rough, almost brutal. Sherlock alternated between moaning, yelping and shouting. Luther took it up a notch, and Sherlock started invocating the deity that had so often failed him, in many different  languages,
by the remarkable
“Can we go have pizza? The three of us?” Rosie yelped.
They had gone on an “Arctic Quest” experience to celebrate Murray’s 50th birthday. John was enjoying it, but a couple of the guys were getting on his nerves. Bill and Thompson and Sommers,  had served with him in Afghanistan, but Wells and Peters had not, and man, were they homophobic. They had gone for the dog-sled races, with him and Murray going with Wells. As they prepared the dogs and the sled, Wells had ranted against the “queers” that had supposedly taken over small business in his town. After a long while, he looked at John: “You used to run around with that twink, right John…” Wells said and John’s skin started up in gooseflesh. “...that faggot that thinks he’s better than the police. Good thing you got married, or he would have tried to turn you.”
He went to the loo and as he cleaned his teeth, the idea of finally calling out John’s name while actually with John made him laugh. He was trying to control it as he brought wipes and a towel over to clean John, who seemed blissfully passed out. Sherlock cleaned him up, disposed of the waste, brought over two glasses of water. Then he went back to bed, took off the dirtied sheets and covered them up with the cover. John cuddled up on Sherlock’s chest.
Sherlock took his hands. “You have been writing - no, you write on your phone, why would you write with your hands, your handwriting is abysmal. You have been drawing. Interesting.” Sherlock’s intense gaze examined John’s head, his hair. "You settled back into an earlier haircut, to show off the nape of your neck when you decided you wanted me back. Your women have left you mostly unmarked, or you have been celibate long enough for the last marks to fade away. I must remind you, John, your continental wandering days are done once you come home. No more women. I do not share.”
“God yes, but you too.”
“No, then again, no family members, an alcoholic best friend, who’s going to report it? He only talked to me because I asked if he had heard about the disappearances or had anyone suspicious approach him with any kind of offer.”
“It is my understanding that the two of you are bringing Rosie up…,” said Dr. Q carefully, “...therefore, it will be necessary for both of you to communicate effectively, join efforts, and ensure you have the same goals and behavioral expectations in mind for the child. Sherlock you also need to make this relationship clear for yourself. Is it co-parenting to maintain a family for your child? Is it a friendship, are there any other prospects for the two of you? I believe there is still work to do there, for you to be able to continue your progress effectively.” The doctor looked at Sherlock, whose leg jumped in place as he sat before him.
“Come here, of course I will hold you.”  John collected his still trembling genius  in his arms and did just that, reveling in being with him like this in their bed, until his breath had evened out and his body was still. John marveled at how much he had missed him, missed being with him at their home, knowing they didn’t have to separate anymore. He fell asleep too.
At John’s flat, Sherlock had a double whiskey, as John cleaned his foot up, put five stitches in the longer gash and treated the smaller ones with butterfly bandages.
His dates were set up online, there had been two women, ready to have a good time in bed. John wasn’t looking at dating as a way to find that special someone that could be an ideal mom for Rosie.
“Answer me! When you had sex with your wife, would you have preferred it had been with your male lovers?”
Towards the end, Samuel Barber’s Adagio for Strings came on, and Sherlock gasped and closed his eyes. Luther looked at the orchestra, but was distracted by a hitching breath. Tears were rolling down Sherlock’s cheeks. He did nothing to wipe them off. Luther grabbed one of his hands. Sherlock opened his eyes and smiled, tears still falling. Luther took out his handkerchief, dried his tears and held on tight to Sherlock’s hand. How could Watson have left him? After years of living with this amazing man, how could he have walked out?
He stopped immediately. “Are you alright, love?”
Sherlock was most definitely alarmed by that; “John, you’re not - you don’t have - we don’t have to do...”
I am a very lucky fandom mom, starting with my two magnificent Betas, who have uplifted me and supporting my writing efforts. They are such lovely and talented ladies, who are also much more generous than I deserve. You may have seen the beautiful work of art by Johix that
“So, how is Sherlock doing, Rosie? Isn’t he done with the work for Mycroft? Not back at Baker Street yet?” John had stopped texting Sherlock, as he never answered. Greg had been cryptic at best, only admitting that yes, Sherlock was at Mycroft’s, doing some kind of work for him, and no he didn’t know anything about him being sick, or when he would go back to Baker Street.
Sherlock could not think straight, as the only thing that registered was The. Beard. “Rosie might wake up, she would feel strange, her first night back home from a different place.”
“You got all of it Sherlock!” Said Dylan, bumping his fist to Sherlock, who just looked at the hand, nose wrinkled.
“Fine, John, it’s alright. It’s over. You realize the incident that you are so clearly recalling happened over eight years ago? Can I spar with Art? I want you to see I’m not a wilting flower, and that there is no way you could beat me up now, old man.” This said with a sardonic grin.
Molly watched him and shook her head quietly. It had been so long since he last had come to work close to her. Today, inexplicably he had come in, to use her computer, as if he didn’t have a phone, or his own tablet/computer at home or at the Yard. She didn’t complain, She had missed him. Sherlock typed away, apparently corresponding with someone.
******
You can listen to the songs on this playlist;
The woman gave him a little smile. “Best call me Charlie, my last name is likely to change back to Hanscom, some time soon, Mr. Holmes.”
“Feeling up to running some errands with me?” teased Luther. “I have some things I have to do and a couple of people to meet today about some business. Then in the evening it’s off to the family again.”
“So it’s true!! You!! What the hell are you doing here, huh?" The coach’s eyes were bulging out of his face. “Come to ruin another woman’s job?”
Mrs Burns, looking disheveled, talked to him. “Mr Holmes, we have been calling you and Dr. Watson. Rosie is unaccounted for! She was present in all her morning classes, and at recess she was with her friends, Peggie Stamford and Nyla Woods, but she did not report to her afternoon class. The security officers at the exits maintain there has not been any students leaving the school without their parents."
While Harry combed through John’s hit and misses, Meghan had taken Rosie for a day trip around Cardiff. They came back, carrying multiple bags, one of them with dinner and desert, the others apparently all gifts for Rosie. She even had a beanie with a bee on it that looked very cute on her. The child had a sparkle in her eyes and a naughty grin. Meghan looked a little sheepish.
******
******
“I need you John, I’ve always wanted you, only you.” Their kiss was sweet and gentle; a hello, an ‘are you alright?’, a ‘there you are’. John guided Sherlock back to their room, a gentle hand on the small of his back. He turned the lights low, liking the warmth of them, and took Sherlock’s face in his hands, getting on tiptoes to kiss him. Sherlock smiled and started unbuttoning John’s shirt. John took Sherlock’s off him and opened his belt, his trousers, explored his torso with his hands, and felt a knot in his throat, because this was so familiar, but had not happened in almost a year and a half, this loving, domestic ritual of a happy couple.
**********
“Would you feel better if I told you I don’t know what I feel? Do you want to hear how confused I am that you let me adopt Watson, after taking me off her papers in the first place? Or how pissed off I am at myself for sleeping with you? And no. You are most definitely NOT coming into the home YOU CHOSE TO LEAVE!” Sherlock was in a fury, totally oblivious of his manners.
John kissed Sherlock and made sure he was comfortable. Sherlock was very sensitive, it had taken some practice for them to get things just right. He needed a firm touch, and little foreplay, since that tended to over sensitize him. There had been no more penetration after that first time, Sherlock never mentioning it or requesting it, so they had used hands, and mouths, and different locations.
“Please, Sherlock please listen! I will let you go, but please listen first!!” Sherlock let out a frustrated grunt and miraculously, stilled in John’s hands. John kneeled in front of him, still holding his arms. Sherlock’s face was placed in front of John’s, but he wouldn’t meet his eyes. ‘Good enough’, thought John.
“Now, why would you implicate yourself, Sally? This isn’t your battle.”
“I admit I want you closer than you are at the moment, John.”
John, in doctor mode, applied local anesthesia, cared for the gash, treated the new wound and wrapped it: “You will need a course of antibiotics. When there is a wound, it must always be cleaned, Sherlock. No matter if the cleansing hurts, or if the wound stings. Once  it’s cleaned it can be wrapped up. Then you can concentrate on healing. If you don’t tend to it, the stuff inside will get you an infection and it’s harder to get everything out.”
**********
A couple of days later, John got the call that he actually got the job at Barts. He was nervous about leaving Sherlock alone in the flat. It had been touch and go that third day, John resorting to showing Sherlock his diary, and writing up their meeting to amuse him.
And to my lovely readers, kudo givers and comment writers, I'm so thankful you are still reading on! You have been through most of the angst, now you will start getting the good stuff! You are cordially invited to the Mystrade Wedding! Come, enjoy the stag night with us too!!
Remember dear readers, happy ending. The game is on.
“It just doesn’t sound like Johnny! He never mentioned Sholto to me while you guys were together. Not once! Even though we did talk about our friends. He mentioned Mike, Bill, and Lestrade, Mostly we talked  about you guys. He did love you, and he would come to me for advice when things started going south. Not once did he mention having a pen pal.”
-Don’t say I didn’t try to talk with you!
The man threw himself back. Sherlock’s chest was instantly coloured red with blood; he fell to the floor, limp, dead?
Ms.O’Keily called John, and Sherlock snatched the phone away from her. “John! This woman doesn’t know I’m Rosie’s Parent!! She says my name is not on the file! She says the beginning of the year papers are not the most current ones!  I can’t see Watson because of this stupid idiot!!
“Obviously, Stewart. One of them starts out simply enough, just unpleasantness. Something to make a child squirm. The notes divide here.” Sherlock pointed to one of the notes midway. “You can tell easily, given not only the change in vocabulary level, but also the escalation in the tone and intent of the intimidation.” Stewart compared the notes.
“Maybe, for starters, you should try calling me Sherlock,” he said smiling.
“Not at all. Please convey my best wishes to him. Good night, doctor.”
“More likely, section us in hospital.” After a sober moment, Sherlock added. “Did I say something inappropriate when we were in hospital with that nurse that wants you? She turned inexplicably red.” he said.
“In a way. He is DI Harris’s new boyfriend.”
They brought some scones over to Mrs. Hudson’s, where Sherlock decided to work with John. As she didn’t say a word about it, John believed he did this occasionally, especially since Sherlock seemed to have all the case info at her computer desk. At noon, Sherlock got up.
Sherlock did his best to be happy for Rosie, when Harry and Meg took her for the summer. Meg had many plans of taking her to the dance school, and maybe getting her into a program with her. John had told him they would take a holiday, which would be appreciated, given they hadn’t really had too much time for themselves since the wedding. John had tried to surprise him, and knew his methods quite well, but of course Sherlock had found out. He had been delighted with the destination, so he didn’t let on he had discovered it. John had rejoiced in secretly preparing their luggage so that Sherlock didn’t deduce that he had bought them new winter jackets and boots.  John had splurged for first class tickets, though it was a necessity if Sherlock had to endure the nine hour flight to Denali National Park in Alaska, USA. They had arrived barely alive and somewhat cross, but that had dissipated when the bus took them to the Lodge and Sherlock hurried to the checking to ask about Dog kennel visits, and sled dog demonstrations, and the different trails and bus rides that could get them close to the wild animals.
“Sorry but I can’t show you her file. It’s confidential.”
“Sherlock, you’re in London. You’re home, love. Not alone. We’re here.”
“How could I forget that, Molls…” his words sounded a bit slurred to himself. “...I fucking lived it. Yes he was a selfish, arrogant, dick. I left him. I couldn’t take it anymore! I remember. But he was not suppose to let me go! He was supposed to fix it, Molly! He’s the Great Detective, of International Fame! Why couldn’t he show me how to solve our shit? This wasn’t supposed to happen? Sherlock with someone else?"
Lidia had such a happy expression, her eyes watering up “Oh Sherlock!!” She said as she got up, pull him out of his seat next to John and gave him a hug. Sherlock, after a minute of going flat board stiff with surprise, gingerly patted her on the back.
“Now, the lower back, get your hands in there, the tendons are hard as steel.”
Then Sherlock took John’s whole length down his throat and started to move, swallowing, both men groaning. John looked at Sherlock incredulously, as he held his hair in his hand. Sherlock slowly took his whole cock in, and then just the glans, tongue into his slit, then back to pulling John’s arse towards him and swallowing whole. Sherlock looked upward and into John’s eyes as he sucked, and his eyes were so full of lust and feeling that John came. Hard down Sherlock’ throat. When he could focus, he saw Sherlock still on his knees on the ground, pulling himself. John stopped his hand. Brought him up to the bed, and Sherlock did that thing, his two long fingers, cleaning the side of his mouth. He wasn’t aware of it, but how many times had John dreamt of it. There was a time they couldn’t eat, without John getting half hard at the sight of that tiny gesture. Now, John gave Sherlock a deep kiss and slicked his own hand. He held Sherlock’s cock hard, then started varying the strokes until the detective was a blubbering mess, “John, oh make me come, now!…” John didn’t wait to be asked again and finished him off, with a twist at the top.
I recently reread this beautiful and moving story
In the office in London, Mycroft slammed his hands down on his desk and stood up. Yes he had screwed up. Yes, the man was a bloody spider, with a web so large, it was scary. It was a formidable task to take it down. However he, Mycroft Holmes, was the bloody British Government and the Bloody Ice Man himself. No bastard sod came out of nowhere to threaten his baby brother, and was left unscathed. If there were important people in the palm of Moriarty’s hand, there were even more people, both important and rich, and lowlife and in dire need, that owed their money, their positions, their freedoms and their very lives to Mycroft Holmes. If the spider had declared war and promised destruction to Sherlock, Mycroft would declare war on him and destroy him. He would partner with Sherlock and together they would plan, find the resources, the weapons, and the people that would finish Moriarty, Moran and anyone who dared make Sherlock and his loved ones targets. So Moriarty thought he could dance? That bastard would not know what hit him!
********
“I told you...I didn’t want to make him feel bad.” John couldn’t look at her.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock rubbed John’s ring. “I have married an Army Captain. My dream has come true, Dearest. I’m so full, I can’t breathe properly. John, we are together. Our rings match. We belong together.” If there was moisture in their eyes, or some wetness on their cheeks, neither of them commented.
John saw the new, pretty art teacher coming close and joining them. Ms. Ruiz, a petite, curvy, pretty lady had captured John’s attention last month, when she had taken over Mrs Wells maternity leave. She had made John remember what it was like, to want a woman.
“I see more of a lack of efficient communication than an attempt to manipulate, John. Maybe if the two of you talked…”
“One more miracle?” Sherlock smiled “John, for you, let’s try.”
“I would like to ask the love of my life to get his beautiful arse up here with me!!”
“Go? Where would I go? I’m fine where I am right now. What experiments? Do they require my participation?”
That moment, Stewart elbowed the suspect, who responded instantly, tightening his hold on Stewart and pointing the gun at Sherlock. John moved quietly to a workable angle and quickly shot at the suspect’s hand, grazing it, making the man drop the gun. Stewart fell to the floor, trying to catch some air. Sherlock ran to the suspect.
Someone there recognized me and called Adrian. He took me home after I had an operation,  medicated me with cocaine and occasionally something extra, and took care of me. I was truly a mess, John. Most of the time I thought I was still with my captors. I clung to Adrian. He would tend to my cuts and bruises, give me foot rubs, and put balm on it. Adrian tried to make me eat, sleep, stay in the flat. He gave me drugs for the pain. He would find me under the tables, or behind the couch and bring me to the bed to sleep. I would give him back massages and let him fuck me.” What Sherlock didn’t tell him was how many times Adrian had said to him, “
“To be with a person we should have gotten together with a long time ago.” John said, all businesslike.
“She did it by herself! Well except for buying the ingredients, washing up and putting away the material, but then, those are learned behaviours.” Rosie rolled her eyes, another learned behaviour, and went to explain her experiment to a visitor.
John was so happy Sherlock was finally answering his texts he slipped and called him “git”. John couldn’t be sure what had gone wrong, but he thought it might have been calling him by what was practically a pet name between them.  Sherlock did not respond to any more texts. John thought he might just go to the party anyway. It would spare Sherlock if the party got to be too much.
Rosie nibbled the almond pastry, while she looked at the two men of her life. They had said curt “hello”s and settled in at the table at Speedy’s. They were having coffee, Rosie hot chocolate with almond and chocolate croissants, that both dads were pecking at. “Well…” She said taking out her notebook and making a little stick girl in the center of the page. Let’s start with me. She wrote her name Rosalie Amelia Watson-Holmes. John looked at it.
Then Sherlock moved away a bit and took over, covering both their cocks with his bigger hand, putting them together, rubbing against each other. That sensation, so a part of their intimacy, John had dreamed of, and missed intensely. John held Sherlock’s arse, massaged it. Sherlock moaned, his breathing irregular. He came first, groaning as he spilled over, his release ending up on John’s belly, his hand pumping John hard, so that he came almost instantly, so strongly, his mind whited out. They stayed still, their hands and the sheets splattered with bodily fluids.
When I wised up and started keeping up with the school site, you would tell me I didn’t need to go since I would only annoy the teachers. You told me if I went to the parties, I would never be able to take it and would end up costing Watson her friends. You can’t say those things to me and expect I’ll volunteer to go!” Sherlock paced around as he yelled, moving his arms, yanking at his hair.
He felt his phone buzzing again as he got Watson ready to leave. He ignored it. He did see Greg pick up his phone, not five minutes later, and was intrigued by the shark-like smile and the laughter that ensued. He shared whatever it was with Mycroft, who tried to look bored, and rolled his eyes, but for some reason shot him a quick look, smiled and shook his head.
“Alright, alright. Then let’s get to it. Who was this sod that knew John here.”
They worked well into the early morning hours, Sherlock consulting an UCL professor, Dr Charles Emberton, whom he had helped by discovering a competitor's plagiarism of an article presenting novel options for the treatment of MDR tuberculosis the man had taken from Emberton. He had also facilitated Wiggins's entry to the Institute of Clinical Trials and Methodologies years ago. He was able to confirm that the man Sherlock had arrested, Shawn Peters, had not made the research team, due to failing test scores. They would look into it once things opened up, being the dark dead hours.
As a response, Sherlock took the lube, made sure Luther lay down on the bed, got up on his knees, one on each of Luther’s sides, and prepared himself, slicking his fingers, introducing them into his hole and fucking himself, deliberately provocative, making sure Luther looked, putting up a good show for the man. One, two, fingers, slowly and sensually in and out, as his other hand touched his own nipples, stroke his cock, Luther was close to drooling, holding himself up on his elbows, his cock fully hard and leaking. Once Sherlock felt ready, he took the lead, pushed Luther on his back on the bed. He took the man’s cock, slowly, covering it with slick, then covering his hand and circling his rim with it. Luther growled, Sherlock laughed. He lowered himself onto Luther’s cock. This was what they excelled at, this lustful, playful sex, that never failed to wipe-out Sherlock’s mind, while turning on every nerve, bringing forth sensations he had given up on since his breakup with...Oh! Eventually, he started moving, just enough to tease Luther, making sure he touched himself, too, going on with the show.
“How messed up have I been, that I had to punish my partner for loving him! Now I can’t stop myself from holding his hand when we are out together, I feel I have to kiss him goodbye when we part ways and I have unnecessarily pointed out that ‘We’re together’ during cases, and when meeting new people. I’ve caught Sherlock rolling his eyes, though he is almost always smiling.”
“What, at Mrs. Hudson’s? Oh, that will be great! She loves Sherlock, bless her heart!” Lestrade seemed genuinely happy. Then his expression clouded again. “John, I know I shouldn’t say it, but be careful with him? I don’t know what this between the two of you is, and it’s none of my business. He’s strong, and stubborn, and a veritable genius, but he doesn’t know anything about friendships, or, ahem, affairs of the heart. Don’t hurt him, ok? Just, make sure he understands what this is.”
Luther looked shocked for a minute, then shook his head “That was incredible! Did you research me?” he smiled.
Slowly, gently, there was a knitting back together, smiles and laughter, shared with Rosie, with Mrs. Hudson. Conversations, deep or funny, consults and company, on cases, evenings as a family at John’s flat, playing monopoly, operation, blackjack. Also movie and karaoke nights, dinners at the Stamfords, outings with Mrs Hudson, small arguments, too.
Harris found them, looking embarrassed “Sorry about back there, Dr. Watson. I was out of line.”
John had noticed Bill had a clean shaved face, had grown his hair a bit, and now used bespoke suits. His shirt fit him quite snuggly too. In all, he could understand why Molly was impressed, but he would always prefer the original. As the evening progressed, John scooted closer to Sherlock, making sure their legs touched.
That's it for now! know so many more, but I believe I leave new readers with a starter library  :)
The balcony provided a measure of privacy, no light on either side. Sherlock needed to get in the mood, right now. So he pushed Luther against the wall and opened his trousers. When he found him hard already, he got in position and took him in his mouth, to Luther’s delighted protests.
“Ha! At least I get my choice you queer, freaking bastard! At least my “best friend”, didn’t throw me to the curb cause he was fed up and couldn’t wait to see the last of …” He never finished his sentence, his words being interrupted by a mighty  confrontation with John Watson’s fist.
-You would have done nose. Even if it didn’t break, it would have gushed. Making it satisfactory punishment for ruining our last day. SH
She made a face; “Good luck getting a hold of him today or tomorrow. He has made it clear here not to contact him evenings on Tuesdays or Wednesdays unless it’s a 9.”
If there had ever been a moment for crawling under a rock and dying, this was it for John. But then he looked up he saw Sherlock, who looked as if he were about to pass out and/or cry himself. So he took a deep breath, smiled and said,. “So you are going to make sure these two don’t crash on the floor?”
Harry showed me how much I was becoming something I hated, treating you at times the way Mary used to treat me. Sherlock, I have learned my lesson. Please know that my attempt to leave you and move on were misguided failures. I intend to be in your life from now on, in any form you want me: co-parent, friend, partner… everything, Sherlock. I will not be shying away from showing what I feel for you anymore and I will not leave again.”
“Good for you. I wish I had that kind of willpower. “
Sherlock tried hard to keep up. His mind kept thinking about the same old thing. John, John, John. Wishing he had gone for that pizza, knowing full well it would have never ended there. This time, he would have left John’s phone well alone, and nothing on earth would have made him leave. Not good, not good. Luther had taken him to a nice cozy restaurant, where he had a full meal, but Sherlock had just asked for a grilled shrimp salad. He talked with Luther about the security procedures Lestrade was working with for the Parliament and about international travelling, the differences between the U.K and the U.S.
John went over to him. He had changed out of his suit, and was back to wearing his old jeans and that white way too big t-shirt he had on when he first saw him. Sherlock had discovered John’s trunk, and was sitting cris-cross with it in front of him. He had been going through his documents, and passport. Now, he was looking through John’ army pictures.
Rosie started the conversation, talking animatedly about the science project the teacher had assigned. “We have to choose one ourselves and this time I get to work with Nyla, Pepsi is working with Laura. Nyla already has an idea, but we are thinking how to work it out.” John was quite impressed with her level of independence. Sherlock was looking proudly at her also. They talked about the kids, and the teachers, though not about Ms. Ruiz.
“You photographed all the evidence and filed it in your personal memory stick. You found a landline to call me from, that had a hiding place close by, and remembered my number. You hid brilliantly and stayed put. You didn’t even answer Ms. Ruiz when you heard her calling, only responded to me when you heard our safe phrase.”
“Incorrect. Unless it’s about Watson, I’m not available until this case is closed. Married to my work.”
“Photographs will not allow you to discern the tiny particles of powder the man has on the lapel of his shirt. No, it is by observing the position of the speck, tracing it’s most probable trajectory that you can deduce it is a remainder, not of sugar from a donut the man did not consume, but of the poison his dying body tried to but could not effectively rid itself of.”
There really was a lot to learn from Mary Morstan. Not only was she an assassin, she was also a master in creating new identities. Your friend isn’t the first husband she left behind! She was a master at diverting funds to unsuspected places! It’s believed she has hidden a small fortune in different countries.Tempting, don’t you think? Really not much hope as to finding it, but you would think the girl would have the right to know her mother was a genius too, albeit an evil one. Those notes about her being just like her mum where just put in for revenge, and to satisfy Douglas. The poor sod thought he had a chance with me. I just had some fun. How long do you think I will get, with no proof against me and paper notes covered in Douglas’ DNA?”
“So, Team 2, we have to divy up; three of us will each take some clues and one will be a spy, hanging out with the other groups, finding out what the others already found, pretending to want to change groups.” Rosie directed.
The attendant came along, looking at Rosie as if she bit. “May I help in anyway?” Next to John, Rosie was struggling to get up, hyperventilating.
********
“Which brings us to our present, Sherlock.” said Mummy, “though I admit it was Dad’s idea. I would have gone with some nice glassware.”
-Chin, nose or stomach? SH.
He was tired. So tired of walking. Shivering. Tired of everything. He wanted to stop. Just stop. Don’t think about John. John doesn’t want you. Want to sleep. I know this door. What? This? Please, oh yes, please! He didn’t know whether to knock, or ring the bell. His arms still itched. He looked back.  Oh how it beckoned to him, the siren call of the damned. He turned and rang the bell. The voice: “Sherlock?” alarmed. Brought out of bed?
-Good evening, back from the pub I see. I will be best man. I will not dress alike. I can't match his awards, having refused the Most Honourable Order of the Bath. SH
“That seems true, doctor, but I do not know if I can face this anymore.” said Sherlock.
“Well, if…” started John.
Sherlock left without having made eye contact once. When John went to pick Rosie up, he went in to see Mrs. Hudson, as always, and Sherlock was a no show. He did however, treat them to the violin. John had been so long without hearing Sherlock play, his eyes watered and his throat clogged up in the middle of what he was saying to Mrs. Hudson over their tea. She just put her hand over his, and they listened, for a long while.
He got out of the shower, got dressed and though the weather was not cold at all, he had to use his scarf to cover the marks on his neck. His thighs were bruised as was his bum. Sitting was a challenge today. Donovan noticed. She also saw his face, and pretended nothing was different. Sherlock worked on a new case. And worked, and worked. Forgot practically everything else.
The DJ looked at Sherlock for a while, thinking. He seemed to come to a conclusion then answered; “If you two are truly broken up, what you do is your business alone, baby. But you should only do what feels right to you. Both of us have to be ok with this”.
“Not surprising, he is such an idiot! He never even noticed he was getting it off with a psycho! My poor baby is now terrified of her mother! I hope that woman stays in jail for a long time. The coach deserves to do time too! He certainly behaved like a moron to you. Serves him right!” Exclaimed John.
“Because of that, and because I would prefer he didn’t know I’m sick. He’s...we’re broken up. He shouldn’t have to worry about me anymore.” at that Mycroft “humphed”
********
Beverly caught the word: “What makes you think Sherlock is manipulating you? Was that typical of him?”
Sherlock thought for a while and moved his foot around some. “Apparently, there isn’t much pain. I don’t think I need medicine. Thank you for waking me up.”
“And how is that a problem?” interrupted Sherlock.
“A good friend of mine asked me to investigate a young man called Andrew Beckwith.” Sherlock stressed the name.
“I once told you love, that you are the most human, human being I’ve ever known. You heard me. I meant it then and I still do. Let people love you. You deserve it Sherlock.”
“Then you should call me Sherlock, since our girls are working on a science project together.”
“Yes mummy” said Sherlock, voice sarcastic, but patting her hand on his shoulder.
Sherlock felt a bit not good about going with Luther to this event, an orchestra night for charity the man had been invited to by some of the people he kept contact with. It was Friday, and Watson had stayed at Mrs Hudson, who had sent him on his “case” saying “she’ll be fine!” Though Watson didn’t look fine, she looked upset he had chosen to take this “case”. But Luther had asked, and it had been so long since Sherlock had heard a live orchestra playing classical music, in agreeable company, that he had been looking forward to it since last week. Tonight, Luther was looking great, charcoal suit and waistcoat and blue shirt. Sherlock had his black suit on with his white shirt.
“I’m scared he’s going to be so angry at me! I should have told you both! I should have…”
Sherlock sat looking at the documents. “Call her in please. I have to ask her.’
“Yes, but I find myself still doubting. All of the fighting, the bad times, should we be trying again? He left, but now he says he will stay. If I bring him home, and he leaves again, I just won’t be able to get over it...”
John had gone to Harry for comfort, and gotten tough love. She berated him for the way he had treated Rosie.
for whom this story was written, though it actually ended up "a bit" different to the one she initially received, and
“Holmes. Are you up to the task?”
**********
“John...You have dated… I’m sure you can find another partner, maybe a nice woman? Even if Sherlock wasn’t dating, would you really just get back together with him? Would you be willing to go through it all again? The not knowing, the fights, the silences? I thought you were determined to move on?” Molly asked
“Of sorts, I suppose. I’m Quincy Rivers. I’m a fan of you and doctor Watson. My friends and I have a youtube channel, and therefore, always stay on top of the headlines. You and Dr. Watson separated last year.”
Rosie was surprised Sherlock hadn’t noticed her hair. “They’re good. Aunt Harry said to say hello to you.
John really didn’t want to cry. Not now, that they were together. He sat up and kissed Sherlock again. “My turn!” Sherlock closed his eyes. “No. Open them Sherlock. It’s really us. I’m touching you, recognizing every part of you.” He did what Sherlock had done to him, but with a firmer, deeper touch, grounding him. Then he took his face in his hands, kissed that long slim neck and came back to his mouth. Sherlock pulled him closer, chest on chest. Sherlock put his hand in John’s pants, just as gently as they had done everything else. He reached under the pillow, where he had put the bottle of lube. “Your hand on me, John.”
“His partner,” John said, standing right behind Sherlock’s chair, his hand leaving his shoulder to thread through his curls. Sherlock looked up over his shoulder at him, looked at his expression for a minute, until a small smile curved his lips, and he took John’s hand. “Join us, John, Wilson is talking about his husband and his little boy.” This relieved John somewhat, but he made sure to sit as close as possible to his detective.
“More…” Sherlock said and he sat up and took off his clothes, keeping his pants on, like John. He kissed him passionately, his hands roaming awkwardly all over John’s body, while John caressed Sherlock’s back, then let his hand wander, touching his hips, his thighs, his arse. John was thrilled with Sherlock’s entire body, masculine, muscular.  Vibrant, every touch, every new body part arousing him more. He eased his hand inside Sherlock’s pants and grasped at his erect cock. He had an electrifying feeling of this being so right, his own prick starting to leak. Sherlock made a delicious noise filled with lust, and then hid his head in John’s neck. John said, “None of that, let me hear you.”
Sherlock was frozen for a moment, blinking, while John fidgeted around in his pocket and found the bag.
“Breathe love, big breaths. I’m going all in, it’s what worked for me. Then, I’ll wait for you to tell me when to move.” John gave a carefully calculated thrust. Sherlock yelped anyway.
“But we talked about it! I told him how different the two relationships were! I told Sherlock that what I had with James was nothing compared to what we have...had.” John insisted.
made for this story when I wrote the ending, long before I decided to post it! I am so grateful to the fandom that put me in the path of these two beautiful souls. They have kept me going these last months.
“I am your best friend….” he said slowly  “...You want us to be- friendly?”
everlasting thanks for going through this story time and again with little and not so little changes and additions.
“How is Harry? And...Clara?” He said, his smile as beautiful as ever, but it didn’t come close to reaching his eyes.
Molly smiled and moved to feed the cats, “one of the perks. The other one is you get to go on trips with them.”
“Because I was told he came to see you every week and had lunch with you, while I wasn’t allowed to even step upstairs.”
“You sure you want this today, baby?” Luther asked, already reaching for the lube to prepare him.
“Oh, no danger of that this time around. And I have some suggestions about what you should wear. It has to be something memorable.” And so the two friends bickered and laughed and by the end of the afternoon, Sherlock had something to show his anxious tailor.
Over in Edinburgh, John closed his eyes and rubbed his brow. This was going to be a shite storm. “Calm down Sherlock...it’s not really her fault, she doesn’t know you.”
So John put the kettle on and talked about the witness, wondering what they had found in the hospital. When he brought the mug over to Sherlock. He found him profoundly asleep once more.
********
John had tons more to say, but Rosie’s classroom teacher Ms. Lane, came towards them. “Dr. Watson, Mr. Holmes, how good to see both of you here! Rosie’s presentation is just marvelous! I’ve had other teachers come over to comment about it.
“Well obviously” he snarked, more than half asleep again. John followed suit.
One of the men groaned, and the boy turned around and bolted. John took a moment to think of the best way to get out of the alley, when the creature came back, took his hand, and scolded him, his nose scrunched and his brows furrowed
“Isn’t it better than fighting? I mean, at least we can get along well enough for Rosie stuff. And the last couple of times we’ve been together, everything has been fine, or not?”
John raised up on his arm to get a good look at him. “Sherlock Holmes. You gave a group of runaway, unloved youths an opportunity to earn their way through helping you do good in the world. Even if they had other, less good ways to support themselves, the influence you provided made a difference for them. You couldn’t possibly adopt them all. You know what would have happened, had you reported these specific kids to child protection. You gave them food, medical care, you gave them a space to stay when they needed it, Christmas presents, found ways to help pay for the education of the ones that worked for it.
“Playing around? Is he mental? Has he not ever spoken to Lestrade? He values your help, seeks you out for it! And when those tossers in University made your life hell, did your family help you!? Your brother is no longer the only constant in your life, Sherlock. I got you now. I’m on your side.” John declared, feeling red hot anger against this brother of Sherlock's.
“Mrs Lewis? You alright?” He made an ‘I’ll be right back’ sign to Sarah.
“Chatting with an old friend Molly. Wiggins.”
******
“Working well with Donovan. I still find it hard to believe. But is he looking good? Like he’s taking care of himself?”
A medical conference, a bit of a holiday, brings on a special guest star and friend for Sherlock to talk with as John attends his meetings. Once John joins in, some fun at the beach, and an awesome night. Then, well there is a problem. How will it be resolved? Will it be a setback? As our guest talks with John, Mrs Hudson helps Sherlock see the light.
Gianna had finished picking up the art supplies and came to the office, pushing a food cart with tea service for them. She talked soothingly with Rosie and John. Sherlock tried hard not to pay attention and harder yet not to think of… When at some point he looked up at John, he found him looking at Rosie. Sherlock got a text from Stewart, letting him know he was on the way.
“Ah! Yes, your ‘boyfriend’ has this cute little trick of reading people’s…,” he was interrupted by a forceful left hook that started a nosebleed
“Dr John Watson.” said Sherlock grinning. “He is also my in-home doctor, so you need not worry about me, I’ll be taken care of.” The nurse’s cheeks turned red.
her stories helped me through my horrible time.
Meghan added the finishing touches to Rosie’s very short hair. A couple of bee hair clips, to go with her yellow dress and her black shoes. She looked stunning. Sherlock was going to have kittens alright.
“Friend, Harry. Friend with benefits. Before that even happened, I called John to confirm we were still broken up.”
*******
John hid his own nerves with his Captain persona. He had done his own research, his own preparation and was ready. Now that they were both hard and willing, hands all over each other, he said, “I want you to come inside me.”
“You would continue as you are, his colleague in cases, and his - pal. I would facilitate a certain, generous amount to your bank account in exchange for; information. Nothing of a too personal manner, just pertinent to his work and any suspicious business transactions.
“I better not. No way I can compete with Greg.” John could imagine too many things happening on that almost deserted dance floor in their current condition.
********
“So they are actually planning a wedding?” asked John incredulously, because neither man struck him as the kind to want a big event wedding, but again, it was the absolute wrong thing to ask.
Sherlock and John left a little later. They shared a taxi to Baker Street, where Rosie was asleep with Mrs. Hudson by now. Instead of asking if he could go up, John said, “Can we go to the local? After all that, I fancy a pint… no not really true. I’m just not ready to say goodnight to you.”
John moved forward and put his hand on Sherlock’s knee. “I wouldn’t have stopped you. I would have kissed you myself, if Mrs Hudson hadn’t so conveniently interrupted us.” He moved forward, knees on the floor in front of Sherlock, his nerves suddenly dissipating the alcohol in his system, the little velvet bag in his pocket making his stomach flip.
Molly took her tea to her room and gave him a goodnight kiss on his scruffy cheek. John put the tea on the coffee table and settled back on the sofa. He was still a little drunk. He felt something in his pocket...hmm...his phone.
Thank you
“If she needs it,” Pepsi corrected. “Rose really can find things faster than others. Her papá taught her how to deduce.”
Sherlock’s phone shocked him out of his Mind Palace, where he had been researching the differences of orthodox vs non-orthodox jewish weddings for a case. As he reached for the phone, it quieted, but he received a text from John.
“Say again, love” John wanted to be sure.
“Yoohoo! I have pastries and goodies for you two! Let me make tea, and I’ll be right up!”
“John, Rosie is obviously taking things at face value, and blaming you for our breakup because it was you who physically moved out. She never overheard our discussions. She wasn’t aware of my behaviours, my anger and my part in this situation. Also, I stayed at home. She prefers the familiar place. You are not a bad parent, John. On the contrary, you are showing extraordinary patience and love, supporting her through this time without punishing her or making her aware of how much this is affecting you…”
John’s beard was enthusiastically received both at Barts and the Yard, earning him some undesired attention from both ladies and gents. Though it made Sherlock sulky and angry, John barely noticed. He was too busy showing off his new lover.
It went like clockwork, Nelson went wide making the curb, Stewart stood, pretending to get ready for the stop, Sherlock put his newspaper down. Nelson stepped on the accelerator, the suspect lost his balance, making a show of his hand slipping off the security bar. Stewart moved forward as Nelson jerked his hand back and slammed the brakes. Stewart called out for the passengers, “Please remain calm, This is a police investigation."
When his suspicions are confirmed, what is he to do? How will he cope? Step back? Give up? Not Captain John Watson. Renewed energy and iron will seems what is in order to reclaim what once was his. He knows Sherlock. He can get him back. Can he?
John knew instinctively Sherlock was not alright. The need to help him, to take care of him, was strong, but he was not called, not allowed. He knew Sherlock wouldn’t want him.
Mycroft, who had been about to leave to make the tea, saw Sherlock curl up and put his hands around his head, shivering violently. Like when he was a child. Mycroft stayed. He made a fire. He picked Sherlock’s head up, sat down on the sofa, and held him, stroked his arm, his back, rocked him softly.
“No sweetheart, not today. I wouldn’t want to intrude in your time with your dad. I’m going to work on the cases Donovan gave me. Luther will give me a ride,” said Sherlock quickly.
At the Yard, Sherlock led the men to Donovan. He gave her the evidence to tag. Then they proceeded to an interview room, where the men gave their statements,  Donovan had not been too pleased to see John on board, but reluctantly accepted him as a medic consultant, since he had actually spoken with the witness.
“Mmh, still have some calls to make. Send Wiggins around 8, I know where it is.”
“Mike Stamford told me D.I Harris needed help with a case of a disappearing veteran. I took these as my volunteer hours.” John gave Sherlock a look over. Looked well, not lost any weight since last time, clothes impeccably clean, except now for shoes and Belstaff. The git was looking anywhere but at him.
John barked out a laugh: “Of course you would drag up all that old crap. What about these last two years? Always out, always on the go, case after fucking case! You certainly couldn’t be bothered to spend time with her, you were barely home, married to your bloody work!  other than when you absolutely had to…”
At Baker Street, with no further word from Moriarty, and given Mycroft’s assurances that both he and Moran were, in effect, not in the country, John and Sherlock were able to continue their lives, navigating the waters of their business, the cases, John’s journal, and his shifts at Barts. There were nights running after criminals, or huddled in watch outs, there were hours in NSY, and at the morgue at St. Bartholomew. Molly Hooper had relaxed quite a bit with John and was still shy, but attempted to be friendly. There were nights at 221B when a tall, slim man paced around, quietly, or as he complained or occasionally threw things around. There were experiments, and violin music. And there were cuddles, and love, and a whole lot of sex.
The older man practically purred. Sherlock’s mouth fell open again, alarmingly red faced now, while he heard someone having a cough attack. Yes, John. Whom Luther did not seem aware of until Sherlock took a deep breath and turned a little. He tried not to see John’s upset face.
They went for Indian food, with chicken curry, Samosas, and kheer. Sherlock relaxed eventually and they talked about Donovan, and a couple of cases she and Sherlock had worked together. Sherlock finished telling him about a hacker who had been using the Library’s database to find ways to blackmail the biggest contributors.
-Yes, are we?” SH
“No. He wasn’t aware I’ve been seeing you, which speaks well of Mike, which was expected, and Lestrade, which is surprising seeing that they get along quite well. However, it was like a wake up call for me. I decided to leave, to avoid the temptation of accepting John’s invitation to ‘drop me off’.”
Also thank you for all the beautiful people that check the story out, read it, look forward to it and leave lovely kudos and the best comments! All of you make this an amazing experience and now I want to go write some more so we can meet again once this Monster is done! Thank you!!
“John! Get on with it!!” As a response, John curled his fingers to touch the prostate more. Sherlock made the most amazing needy sounds. Then the Captain stopped, to apply lube on Sherlock’s cock
“Oh, I did see you observing him.”
Sherlock donned his blue jeans and old hoodie and went for a bus ride. He rode it for a couple of times until he was able to confirm the place where the suspect was making his move, a definite turn, where drivers easily went too wide. They talked with Donovan about setting up a trap. Sherlock and John got into an argument about who should drive the bus, each citing the reasons why the other should not be the one. Donovan listened to them for a while, trying to get a word in edgewise, until she uncrossed her arms, put them on her hips and yelled quite loudly.
