If you're open to dating after we talk over coffee... There's just some things I feel like you need to know.
"Not exactly" he coughed, Dean's expression full of question "I just- I- really got off on...you know..."
How stupid could he be? He knew that Dean would smell like him after their first night together, why wouldn't the same happen to him after last night?
Dean immediately dropped. He was not a wilting obedient Omega, but this was a request he had no interest in refusing.
"I can imagine. Is he popular?" Castiel attempted to be casual
"Cas....Cas I'm...Cas wait"
"Listen Cas. I believe you, okay?" He fiddles with the rim of his cup. He considers how hard it must be for Castiel meeting his gaze when Dean can't even bring himself to do it, and he's not the one fucking up this time "Just tell me"
Castiel relaxed a little. Knowing a little about the man he was here to fuck would make it a whole lot easier to actually do just that.
"Did you see Cosmo?"
At least he had Adam from his second wife. Nobody talked about that fact that Adam was born a few years before Mary even died. Dean had let go of that pretty quickly... being pissed off wasn't going to bring his Mom back and Adam was a decent kid. John was twice over a widower, his second wife dying months after the wedding. Everyone thought John murdered them both until the autopsy on his second wife found her death to be caused by a cancer nobody even knew she had.
"Shit"
Dean looked high as a fucking kite, he looked at Castiel in a way nobody has ever looked at him, but he knew there was a shift, it had been building and now that Dean was filled with him everything shifted.
"In 2002 Did you get a call from John or Mary Winchester?"
"Dean I-" he looked Dean in the eyes, steeling himself "I didn't know, I-I need you to know that, at first I-I didn't know it was you, I didn't know who you were, I didn't- I didn't know that I was, that we were"
, you're a piece of work, do you know that?"
"Mmm, most Omegas do" he said, pulling Castiel towards the bed
Castiel finds himself back against the arm of the sofa with Dean's hands framing his face, and his lips pressed against Castiel's own.
There was something primal (as primal as Castiel got) in him that Dean's words and his needy demeanor pulled at. Castiel has seen needy Omegas, and this wasn't like that. Dean wasn't ass up and literally begging for it. But the Alpha in him yanked at him to give the Omega what he wanted, all it took was Dean asking him for it.
He could tell Dean still wasn't buying it, maybe nothing he did would prove that he didn't feel the way everyone else did about Dean since they'd only ever really know one another between the sheets. Castiel shimmied down Dean's body until his face was between his legs.
Dean gripped the man's hip tightly with one hand and lead his cock into Cas' was with the other. He pushed into him hard in one movement. Once bottomed out he held still, trying not to blow just yet.
"That's fair" Dean chuckled as he read over the sheet "biting, I'm totally for it but, I don't have to worry about you trying to make a claim do I?"
John sighed
Sam was quiet
Dean's ached and begged for Cas' skin, he fought hard to hold them back, he'd stopped biting Cas because he wasn't sure he could keep his canines back if he kept going. Cas looked so gorgeous with his canines out and his eyes violet colored. The caps looked a little silly, but in the moments Dean was placing the caps, the way Cas looked up at him with his eyes wide and mouth open, completely overwhelmed.
He rubbed his hands on his slacks.
"You like holding hands" Castiel stated
"No, not really I- I just assumed that you would be"
He should answer Garth, he should... and he will as soon as he figures out what he's going to say. He's set himself a deadline to decide by tonight, it would be rude to wait too long and leave the guy waiting for an answer most of the week. It's already Tuesday.
He looked about the place, few people staying and slow but steady amount of people getting in and out with their beverages.
Garth (11:50pm): Client wants to know when you're free next.
He shrugged off his collared shirt leaving his white undershirt.
Castiel:
Luckily Dean's scent had faded by Thursday. Castiel wasn't keen on trying to come up with some excuse not to attend Thanksgiving. His mother was already perturbed that his flight came in late on Wednesday evening rather than on Tuesday along with Balthazar, who was kind enough to cover for him by making up some work related story and also by insisting that it was no trouble for him to pick Castiel up from the airport.
Although
Dean took a small blue piece of shaped silicone and gently placed it over one canine. He did the same to the other side.
"Yes, Sammy nobody took advantage of me. If anything I took advantage of him by just hopping on and-"
"Oh fuck, Cas...fuck!" Dean was moaning loudly, his hands griping Cas' hair hard.
Dean smiled back... and blushed? The man cleared his throat
○○○○○○○○○○
SAY SOMETHING CASTIEL
"Cassie" Balthazar snapped his fingers in front of his face "Earth to Castiel, your phone"
Dean sighed. There was no way Cas knew. Any idea he had that the man before him pulled any sort of deception was gone as he tried to explain, and tried to maintain eye contact.
planning to fuck him"
"What's your last name"
Why on
Was it coincidence that he was fucking Castiel Novak and he had *just* had a conversation with his father about the man?
"I'll need the money up-front, and a few signatures. We received the test results from your doctor and everything is good to go."
"Nah, the brother is at college this time of year and everyone's pretty busy with holiday prep"
"You know what I mean, that" he waved his hand around "high society shit"
"Would you have accepted if I wasn't into him?"
"You're still on top"
"Whatever, Man" Garth groaned "I'll change it on Monday"
Castiel tried not to flush
Dean moaned and his thighs shook as the knot caught and held him. It hit that spot inside him
Dean began to undo the other man's belt.... Castiel pushed away the nerves in his belly as he pulled his slacks the rest of the way off leaving him in tight fitted boxer briefs, his cock straining against the fabric, he thought he heard Dean almost purr, but he couldn't be sure.
go well."
"Sit"
Like a date?
"Yeah" he waved "I'll do that. Take care"
Castiel was quiet
"Eleven!" His voice was deep, catching Dean off guard as he flipped Dean onto his back, his legs still around Castiel's hips and he took full advantage- he kissed at Dean's neck while holding his shoulders and grinding his hips and pressing the hardness in his slacks against Dean's ass.
There was a ping from his phone that was still in jeans in a pile next to the bed. He fished his phone out, now laying on his belly.
Dean scoffed "I'm not gonna talk about that with you"
Dean hopped from the bed and walked to Castiel. He swallowed hard as Dean maintained eye contact, he had shifted from light and business to soft and sexual. God, Dean was gorgeous. He interlinked their fingers on both hands, he either didn't notice (not likely) or ignored the sweaty palms.
Castiel had eaten a few (not many, but a few) omega asses in his life, and while they all were fairly pleasing, he had never thought slick could taste like
"His number is on the back, I wouldn't tell him that I told you to call, but I'm sure if you look him up first, you'll find a good reason to call him" John smiled triumphantly "Well, I should say hello to a few more folks here, it was good to meet you, Castiel"
Castiel remained anxious
Naomi was a stickler for propriety, and Castiel got a kick out of how much she clearly resented the present company which, in her mind, required her to play her part. He was thankful for it as well, he knew there was no avoiding a conversation about it later.
"Nah, I'm fine" Dean waved the man off
"Oh no, not like
"Oh. Do you want me to?" He kept searching Dean's eyes. The other man blushed beneath his gaze.
They parted ways, both having work the following day.
"Oh shit!" Dean threw his head back, his thighs quivering.
Castiel's breath hitched. Dean moved to sit on his knees, still holding Castiel's hands.
Dean let out an irritated groan.
"Anyway, I didn't want you to feel bad or anything since you mentioned it in your note, and some people don't do the morning after thing.... but I had a good time and if I see you again you don't have to run off first thing"
"Dean I went to Heaven looking for... I don't know." He sighed "I'm busy, everyone knows who I am mostly, and that colors my interactions and I just... I didn't even want to go at first, but with some prodding from my cousin, I thought 'what could it hurt', you know?"
"You know, besides the canines, you aren't having a typical knot-head reaction" he chuckled as he pulled Castiel's pants down along with his underwear. They were both fully naked just standing there.
"Yeah, yeah"
Dean.
Dean(7:45pm): Friday at 6:00pm
In a moment of clarity Castiel wrapped a hand around Dean's swelling knot as his felt the man tighten around his own knot.
He nodded
Dean leaned down, covering the man with his body, bringing his lips to his ear he whispered deep and low
I'm just gonna slam some of these out in the hopes that they're good enough and that the creative juices keep it up long enough not to take another 3 year Hiatus.
The man truly looked more nervous than the first time Dean saw him.
As the night drew on, Castiel made small talk and Balthazar made his way around the room like the drunk butterfly he is.
Dean cocked an eyebrow and gave a half shrug.
"Is that so?" Castiel coughed "I can't say I spend much time in the social scene out there, much to my mother's dismay, so I haven't had the opportunity to meet your sons" Castiel hoped that the fact that John didn't know him well would mean that John would not be able to tell what a shitty liar Castiel really was.
"Dean" Sam drug his name out the moment Dean stepped foot in his house.
Castiel didn't care for that either
He arrived at Heaven at 5:45. "Hey!" Garth greeted him with more enthusiasm than Cas thought was needed for the front desk of a brothel
"So, who are they?"
"I've never done anything like this. I'm sure plenty of people say that and don't mean it, though"
"Really, Balthazar?"
"Good boy" Crowley extended his arm in the direction of the hall
"You mean...you want..."
"I imagine with a scent like that, on top of doing what he does, he doesn't make a
Balthazar was sitting up pretending to fan himself
The man looked at the computer screen in front of him
"No" he breathed from his curled position
He ran his fingers through Dean's hair and pulled him down close. Peppering Dean's face with soft kisses, he made his way to his neck.
Castiel considers what Dean might mean until-
Dean's ratings are higher than anyone in Society currently. The closest Scent rating is a 28 (Castiel looked it up) and the closest fertility is a 4.2, each rating belonging to a different female Omega. Dean maxed the rating scale out.
Unless married into Society, members of any lower caste are not listed. Lisa was only listed by name due to her marriage to Dean.
"Can you even feel your mouth?" Dean breathed, his eyes still closed.
Dean hangs both coats and removes his shoes, Castiel also removes his.
He grabbed a beer and walked back to his bedroom, laying naked above the blankets propped up against the headboard.
Dean was well aware he couldn't just hide until the scent of his most recent lover dissipated. He chose to face head on and just deal with the shit as it hit the fan.
He looked up at Dean. Dean sat up on his elbows.
"So?" He snaked his hands beneath Dean's black henley making the man gasp and his back arch into the touch.
Dean was working for his knot immediately and looked to be a thousand miles away, the only hint that he was still connected to reality was him calling out Cas' name.
The bold letters read
"Cassie, how are we this afternoon?" He crooned knowing exactly the mood Castiel was in
"I guess so" Castiel picked at the corner of the paper "I don't want to inadvertently do... water sports"
Well fuck.
Castiel scoffed "I doubt she knows much more than WikiSociety already told me"
"You know, Cassie" Balthazar had a lilt from the alcohol already "you could use this to your advantage, find out about Dean, see what my dear aunt knows"
Naomi wasn't generally a very personable individual, but today, Castiel noticed, she was more irritable than usual.
"Here you go" Dean sets a cup down before him, with a stone cup for cream, and it's matching counterpart for sugar with a small spoon.
"Nah"
Dean laid the clipboard on the far end table "On occasion, but it's pretty rare. I ask more to gauge how Alpha clients respond to it. It filters out a lot of creeps"
He was in awe. The man before him looked at him with those beautiful green eyes filled with anticipation. No personal scent discernable, but he smelled softly of desire. Dean wanted to kiss him. The knowledge that Dean was clearly into him went straight to his cock.
"No, New York is fine, it's the family and Society bullshit that's purgatory,
"Singer fell out of Society a while back if I recall" he said cautiously
He felt Dean's tongue against his ass. He wanted Dean to fuck him, he asked for it despite never having taken a cock before, let alone an Alpha one. He wasn't an Omega, he didn't produce slick, he never would gaffe thought Dean's tongue against his hole would feel
Castiel heads to California for Thanksgiving.
Dean rolled his eyes and walked toward the glass doors leading to the patio
The man grabbed his coat and left.
Somehow Castiel had come in, got a drink, and stood before Dean without him even noticing.
"Yes" the moment Dean's face lit up at his answer was the moment he decided that this was an exceptional idea.
Castiel noted that they obviously don't know about Dean's intersex status which many doctors don't believe is possible, let alone possible in an a male Omega. He had looked that up, too. Articles by scholars and doctors suggest that an occurrence would be seen as the next step in evolution.
He pulled Dean's hips forward, lifting him up from his seated position. Castiel pushed himself down and maneuvered Dean to straddle his face instead.
He did just that.... what was the difference? What made one a "VIP" prostitute?
, it's no less embarrassing." The affected Alpha fidgeted uncomfortably in the confined elevator "I mean really, Cassie, did he still fuck you after you told him that you knew who he was" He barked out a laugh "Or maybe you just didn't tell him at all"
"Do you have a restroom?"
"It's because you
"What?"
He couldn't help the growl deep in his throat as Dean broke the kiss. He pushed Castiel back against the pillows and moved to straddle his hips. The gorgeous man above him bit his lip
. His knot was tight in this man's ass, he was filling his ass with another load of cum that was now dripping out around his knot. He hardly knew Cas but he wanted to mark him as his own so badly.
"Oh, is that what you wanted? Shit we can-"
Dean scoffed again
"Oh.... is that...does that happen often?" He swallowed hard
Dean sipped beer on Bobby's porch while fall leaves danced around the dirt and grass of the salvage yard. He tried to focus on enjoying time with Sam & Bobby now that Ellen & Jo had left. Thanksgiving was always a potluck, though Dean always cooked the Turkey at Bobby's house using his mother's recipe, the only thing Bobby was trusted to cook was the pie because he never actually cooked it, he picked a few up from Dean's favorite local bakery a few days before the holiday.
The truth wasn't pretty, and that was the problem. Castiel was, often to Balthazar's dismay, unfailingly honest, which made the deception on their last meeting that much worse for him. One of many meetings had ended and he shuffled his way back to his office, pulling the door behind him, it was caught
Castiel clears his throat
" he rolled his eyes "you're interesting and don't annoy me so we're practically friends already"
"That picture won't end up anywhere else" Castiel was not asking
Cas turned to kiss Dean. He'd never seen anything as gorgeous as Dean's blown pupils ringed with a gold-green and his perfect lips stretched over his Alpha canines. Dean looked wild and undone.
He started to take more of Dean into his mouth, moaning around his cock after tasting his precome. He worked lower and lower until taking all of Dean onto his throat, his mouth straining at the size of Dean's rock hard erection.
"Fuck no"
Dean kept the note in his wallet. Cas left him a 25% tip.
Dean came even harder after watching Cas effortlessly swallow down the cum from his first orgasm. Cas swallowed and swallowed, each swallow tightening around Dean's knot making him cum that much harder.
"Well, hello to you to" he huffed, closing the passenger door of his Father's car.
"Most Omegas don't look like me"
"Are you ready for more?"
They take their respective drinks and leave the shop.
"Hmm, that's mostly my aunts doing" he said, leaning against his open car door. "Would you like a ride anywhere? Unless you prefer to continue your run. "
"Wait. So you mean you.... you let a client?"
"He likes you"
"Thank you, Sir. You as well, my family knows yours well, but in the years I can't recall making your acquaintance" ugh, pleasantries of society. Castiel felt like a parrot at these things.
"Not at all... is that something that actually happens in these situations?"
"No, I want you to fuck *me*, Dean" Dean sat back and chewed his lip
John was quiet for a moment
"You know what" Balthazar put his hands up "You can tell me everything as soon as you no longer smell like this, I can't have any kind of conversation with you right now"
"Jesus, yes" Cas groaned as he pulled the henley roughly over Dean's head. He sat back, Dean's legs still hooked around his hips, and admired Dean's gorgeous body. "There must be a completely different scale for your appearance, Dean"
wealthy"
Dean brings a water up to the counter, fishing a $5 from his pocket.
Castiel looked like those scandalous Abercrombie and Fitch ads with a two page article that talked more about the company than it did him. His mother pressured him into actually doing the spread... good press for Pear... otherwise he'd stop doing it. Of course, they'd have talked more about him if he'd given them anything.
"I don't understand that reference" Castiel ignored everything else his cousin said
" Balthazar soothed "While most eligible Alpha is based highly on wealth, you've never seen anything but beautiful Aplhas gracing the spread of Cosmo-fucking-politan magazine" he sighed "Do you really think you're not worth someone like Dean when you know good and well that you were matched with him Winchester Illuminati style?"
"Yeah, maybe that's part of the problem. I don't really have any options do I? I'm stuck on one road if I came back"
"They're still using your high school pageant picture"
"... do you know much about my Son?"
With the glances she kept giving him, it must have been in relation to their brief conversation about the Winchester family. He had never mentioned he knew it was Dean, but it was clear that Naomi knew that Castiel was aware of much more than he had said.
"Eleven" Cas mumbled
He said "Gonna make you feel so good, Cas. You're so beautiful"
He cleaned up the mess, masturbation was great and all but sometimes the mess cleaning was a real buzzkill.
"Hmm. You're right, I'm sorry" he worried his lips between his teeth
"See, you're fine" he beamed
"Well. I- I guess I don't have to explain who I am" he rubbed the back of his neck and swallowed hard.
Dean let out a little moan when Castiel deepened the kiss burying his fingers in the hair above his nape and he used the opportunity to feel Dean's tongue against his own. He felt Dean's breathing hitch and his fingers flex at the sensation.
let his teeth sink in? Most of Dean was glad he didn't, even more into the guy since he clearly wasn't a knothead, his biology wanted to sink his teeth in, but he didn't.
Despite Dean's scent blockers there was only so much they could do when it came to slick. You couldn't completely mask scent through slick with available blockers.
The man lifted his head to respond and was met with a cellphone flash.
"Like" Dean pointed towards his hips "mine?" Cas swiped two fingers across his stomach where Dean's slick had covered. He sucked the slick from his fingers.
"Sammy" he mimicked his brother
Why did he think Dean would be living at the brothel? He realized his views must be very antiquated
"Damn, I don't envy you at all" Dean almost chuckles "I'm not far from here, we can talk at my place"
"You're on scent blockers, but you have a scent and it isn't yours"
"Ugh" Balthazar groaned "He purposefully didn't wear scent blockers for his appointment with you because he's
"No, I do I just... you keep surprising me" He leaned forward to kiss Castiel's neck
Dean kissed and bit down his neck, Cas bared his neck for him...
On his back Castiel swallowed hard as Dean positioned himself, his eyes a ring of gold with a green tone shining through. He wondered what his own eyes looked like, if they gave away how very gone he was.
"Yeah, Benny"
"175? Really?" The voice from the bathroom door said in the direction of the desk "I'm at LEAST 185 now. I worked hard for this body and I won't have you letting people think I'm scrawny"
Dean tasted like honey and lavender.
What was wrong with him? Cas could have sunk his secondary teeth into his thighs over and over and Dean wouldn't have stopped him... God he would have soaked the guys face with slick with every bite.
He'd have lived the conversation over seven times just to see the look Naomi sported on her face in this moment, as if they were arranging the marriage without her right before her eyes and in the middle of her thanksgiving party.
"Hey Crowley. Is my favorite room available?"
"Oh God. Hard limit" he continued to tick boxes
gorgeous. You were in that room when Garth told me how you rated." He chuckled again, Castiel grumbled slightly at the thought of that uncomfortable moment, Dean was now loosening his tie "it's a scale up to ten, Cas. Do you remember what he rated you?"
"I'm not getting into an arranged marriage, Dad"
"Really? You're bringing that up? You didn't even like her and you were pissed as hell when I married her"
"Sammy, you know that's not who I am. Look at you! You act like I should want that life when
"I might"
And a very very new one for Castiel.
"No" he chuckled, still twitching with every pass
WikiSociety is a search engine for all things Society- Society being the wealthy, the top tier of social and economic importance. The top of what amounts to a caste system.
"How about you, Dean? What do you do?"
Dean is being quite secretive himself.
Castiel looks up at Dean
Then Dean's knot was throbbing inside him, he felt the heat fill him and he came for the sixth time, tasting a mouthful of himself as he cried out Dean's name. The heat filled him more and more.. is this what it felt like when he filled Dean? Hearing Dean moan his name, telling him how good he felt, how wrecked he sounded telling Cas he was going to fill him up with his knot and cum.
"I'm here explaining to you that we- well we- and I knew who you were, and who we were to- to one another, and... well presumably you didn't and since you- will since you moved way out here away from- from all of that, you might be justifiably upset to know that we- that you- with me of all people"
Castiel ordered the eggs benedict with ice water, Balthazar ordered the same but with a mimosa, but considering that the family owned the place they simply told the waitress they'd have their usual.
"Shh, I got you Baby" he hoped Cas couldn't hear the change in his speech as he spoke around his bared teeth.
Castiel looks Dean up. Balthazar is pissed.
"You're a good man, Castiel. You're attractive and caring and even if Dean walks away on Friday, don't give up hope"
"Just you, Cas" he kissed the man's neck softly before biting down hard (but not too hard)
Dean couldn't quite hear what words Cas breathed into the pillow his face was in.
Balthazar laughed
"Right" Castiel cleared his throat
He began to undo the belt of Dean's jeans and Dean placed a hand over his to stop him. Castiel looked up in confusion.
-------
"Oh" Cas is taken aback by how much this seems like a social call, and not the impending doom he'd been anticipating all week "yes, thank you"
Crowley rolled his eyes
"How about I tell you things about me that I
"Ok so this sheet has rows of all types of sex related things. You fill one column out, check the box that applies, and I fill out the other column" he said rapidly ticking boxes, clearly familiar with the form "it's not necessarily sexy, but it'll make this a lot easier" he held the clipboard out.
"I work just like an Omega, I've got all the parts and they're all in working order, can even have kids.... but all the Alpha parts work, too. I can give another Omega children and everything... I can't pass as an Alpha because of the slick and everything, most people don't care about everything else since I'm just a fuck"
He flipped a finger at the man as he left the room
"I'd love to elaborate but it's not my place" he extends a hand, Dean takes it reluctantly "Balthazar, it's been a pleasure, really" the man turned on his heel and left the store having barely steeped foot in it.
Dean chuckled softly
"Dean, you smell like home. I'll give you anything you ask of me"
Dean pressed his head against Cas' neck. He wanted to sink his teeth in
comfortable sharing with you, and you do the same?"
"That's it?" He asked, palms sweaty as he set the pen-on-a-chain back on the counter
"Will you let me?"
Dean had never
He meets an interesting person too close to society for his comfort, and he finally comes to a decision.
At the tiny landing at the top of the stairs Dean waved a key card over a pad and a green light flicked on followed by a loud click and unlocked the door. Dean released his hand and opened the door motioning for him to go first. It was a small dimly lit office with a single small desk just in front of a long hallway. A man with a much more serious look greeted them.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"This room is my favorite"
"Ohhhhhhh fuhhhhhhhk" Dean dug his fingers into Castiel's hair and grabbed tight as he moaned
"Maybe that's worse. That puts me far too close to that society bullshit than I'm comfortable with"
The line was quiet
Dean's slick was dripping down the chair.
Castiel was rarely dominant in any way during sex. This experience was fucking with him something fierce... he'd think about that later
"Yeah?" The smallest hint of uncertainty in his voice
If he's thinking about how he needs to give an answer, the day flies by, if he's thinking about how badly he
Castiel regretted listening to Balthazar as he sat in the lush wing back chair waiting for a man named Garth.
A light knock on the door startled him
I'm sorry hahaha.
Cas was more aggressive last time while Dean *was* wearing blockers. Now the man was like putty, he looked drunk and needy... the look in his violet eyes was... God he looked completely enamored and Dean couldn't help but blush. He'd seen Alphas flash their canines in anger or, like last time, while knotting... but Castiel's teeth were out the second he walked through the door. Caps were always on hand for those who weren't confident they wouldn't let those canines sink in.
"You're about the same age as my oldest, Dean" John was very good at this game
"Fuck, baby" he kissed along Cas' neck. "You feel so good, never felt so... ugh... So good... Jesus Cas, you're gorgeous" he ran his hands along the other mans chest, still wet with cum, taking his coated fingers and sucking the cum from them, his body tightening into another orgasm.
"...and?" Dean said, irritated
"Still, here you are with your family, not neglecting the duties you have here and with your business. Don't doubt your success and how well you're doing" John patted him on the shoulder "Well enough to maintain being most eligible" John winked
"Not at all, you've already disclosed everything you're required to. I'm sure we both have things we'd rather not share about ourselves"
"Sorry, nosy cousin"
"Alpha... fuck... I need your knot, Dean NOW!" The echoed growl punctuating his Alpha command of 'NOW' (later he was going to feel like a compete knot-head for commanding Dean during sex)
"Dean? Oh, uh, I apologize, I can't say that I do..."
"Oh?"
"Yeah?" he answered
This couldn't be good.
"Prostitution? Not really" he said matter-of-factly
Dean felt Cas pause for a brief second after beginning the heavenly oral assault on his ass. He looked down and met Cas' eyes long enough to see the eyes looking up at him flash a beautiful violet. His eyes rolled back the moment he felt Castiel let out a full body moan, a deep rumble that wasn't actually a growl but was often referred to as such.
"Yup. Hang tight and Dean will be with you shortly"
"Cas" Dean kisses him "I don't know" kiss "what's going to happen from here but" kiss "You drive me crazy like nothing else" kiss "can we" he sits up, pulling his face away "can we give this a shot?"
"I can't.. Dean, my teeth... and I..." Dean smiled mischievously
"I got your note, man... you know I made that choice, too"
"He's an attractive man, here" John handed him a picture of Dean holding a beer and laughing joyfully, his face lit up beautifully
"So I looked through the book and... well you were there for all that. Anyway, I had breakfast with my cousin and he gets the Cosmopolitan delivered to my house for whatever reason, probably another reason to pester me more frequently than he does... um, anyway that's when the subject came up of, obviously of um."
"Can I kiss you" Dean's tongue touching his lips like a reflex after he asked.
"Why?" The first thing he'd had the courage to say since the lobby.
"No. He doesn't."
"Alright, so tell me about you"
Dean's smile faltered "what d'ya mean?" Dean's hands absently tracing around the stiff fabric covering the stomach of the man beneath him, making it difficult for Cas to keep his train of thought.
Dean flipped to the page listed on the front.
He didn't know what to say
Castiel wrapped his arms around Dean's thighs and lapped hungrily at Dean's ass.
"I don't, I just know that I can't just find someone on my own and fall in love if I go out there"
Lucifer was fine... nothing really off putting.
"Cas?"
He held open the magazine, on the left was a name in big bold letters, on the right was the picture.
For the record nobody has Beta'd this crap
Balthazar nearly swerved into oncoming traffic
Fellatio-giving
Castiel closed his eyes and chuckled, his cheeks red
Dean sucked softly at the Alpha's full sac as he reached back to coat his fingers in slick.
Dean cocked an eyebrow
"You wear scent blockers" real smooth, Castiel. He kicked himself internally
He got hard just thinking about being fucked by Cas again... the light pouring in through the curtains...he pushed his hardness down before pulling into his driveway.
"Who- Him? The Novak guy?"
His lungs start to burn, so he slows down. Fuck. Now all he can think about is how his side aches and his lungs burn.
"What indeed, Dean. What indeed"
"What?"
"Is it common for this... profession?" He stumbled along as Dean lead him
Dean coated Castiel's chest in a healthy layer of cum.
"Oh yeah! All the time! Dean's a picky guy, probably the main reason that he doesn't get as much work as he'd like"
Dean sipped his beer and chuckled
Castiel thought he was going to black out. Dean's knot felt as if it was gong to swell until it split him in two. The pain was intense but he was on his fifth orgasm that was panting his face and chest, his cock was sore from being hard and cumming and still his sac ached as if he hadn't cum at all.
"Dean, you
"God, Balthazar I hate that spread"
Castiel's breath left him as he flipped to the next tab.
"I do" he replied confidently "I don't get to do it often and it helps give a feeling of intimacy"
He closed his eyes and rubbed his hands over his face "you don't have to call me perfect or beautiful."
"Yeah, and look how well that turned out"
Garth raised the cellphone he had been playing with whole Castiel browsed "Let me check" he broughtv the phone to his ear "Hey Dean, I have a client here who wants to know your schedule" there was a pause. He turned to Castiel "When were you looking to book"
"Dude....hey...man" Garth waved his hand in front of Castiel and the binder where he had gotten lost in his thoughts
Dean sat back on the bed, his expression still soft
"Liar" Dean laughed
"They aren't very social themselves" John snorted "you know how this generation can be, needing to go find themselves and all that" the man tried to sound positive
After everything that happened he wasn't interested in a relationship, he had everything he needed... well, except sex. Yeah he could have gone bar hopping and had a few one night stands, but so many always came back wanting something more, treating him like some golden flower just because he's a male Omega. No fucking thanks.
"In fifteen years nobody has out ranked his scent. Nobody"
Test results since last sexual partner: clean
He pushes himself harder, it's ridiculous to be so hung up on a guy he just met, if he's being so ridiculous he should just say no. Or, to prove to himself that he isn't really hung up he should say yes because Cas is just a client.
Dean didn't stop, he ground and squeezed against Castiel's knot, milking cum from him over and over. Castiel held onto Dean's knot to do the same as long as he could but Dean's relentless grinding overwhelmed him. Each orgasm rippling through him harder than the one before. He pulled Dean forward wrapping his arms around to hold the man's shoulders he rolled up against Dean the way Dean had been grinding against him, Dean relaxed against him as Castiel worked himself into Dean trying not to black out from the relentless orgasms; Dean wanted to be filled, and so he would be.
Dean chews on his cup more than he drinks it, Castiel notices
"Not if you don't want to"
"I guess... that's accurate" Castiel cracked a smile
"Cas?"
His hips jerk involuntarily as he felt the firm curves of Dean's abs. Omegas very rarely looked anything other than soft with the occasional exception of a slightly toned omega man. Dean could only be described as nearly ripped.
"Hey man!" He approached Cas and outstretched his hand "Dean, it's good to meet you!" His voice was genuine
"More like pushed, but yeah" disdain in his voice. "You're only in if you're perfect"
"Ah yes, I can say I've felt some of that myself"
"Anything?" Dean smiles
"There have been worse fluids in this car"
Directly in his line of view was the wingback chair he was seated in before, but now it contained Dean.
Who names a brothel 'heaven'? It sounded cheap and filthy by the name, but the yelp reviews were outstanding, it was by far the best, most well kept brothel in the country. In all honesty it's probably what brought life back into Detroit. A whore house helped a failing city become a-
•••••••••••••••••••
Though Dean is on birth control and everyone is tested, he's never EVER let a client top without a condom. Ever. No beta, no alpha, no omega client has ever been allowed to fuck him without a condom. Why he let's Cas do it? He'll have to revisit that when he's not being fucked by the most gorgeous person he's ever laid eyes on.
"Ghosting. Stop talking to him! No contact. If he calls don't answer" Balthazar gesticulated wildly throughout his tirade.
"Tell me" he slipped off Castiel's tie and sat up to look him in the eyes. He draped the tie around his own neck.
"Fair point, but it's worth a shot." He hummed "if not her, though, I'm willing to bet that someone in this crowd knows some secrets out there"
Dean leapt backwards with his arms stretched out onto the bed. A few decorative pillows fell off the bed.
Dean sighed
Earlier this year he did come out as gay... he was still considered the most eligible.
"Fuck... I wanna ride you"
"How do you continue to win Most Eligible Alpha Bachelor every year?"
Omega pageants are more like prom, nearly every omega does it as a right of passage into adulthood. Most Eligible only ranks 50 in the country out of both male and female Omegas. Mostly you get a blurb in your local pageant book when you graduate, your scent rating (1-32), fertility rating (1-5) they register the info and most Omegas get their ranking renewed every few years until they get married or generally around 35.
"You're fine, Cas. Here" he went to the dresser with the TV on top and pulled something from the top drawer. He crouched low next to Cas who was covering his entire head with his arms.
There's no way.
"Yes, Alpha"
"Cas. It's good to meet you as well, Dean" Dean's hands were soft with a few callouses.. he most likely didn't get those from
Cas growled with a shudder as he felt Dean's hot slick start to soak through his jeans
Castiel regards Dean, considering heavily what he wants to say... Dean has been so vulnerable here, forgiving
"You don't have to say that, you know"
"To turn me on?"
Dean knew the conversation would be about this, but to what degree?
"Ah, so you set up the meeting?"
"Well your family owns a hell of a lot around here, you're as famous as the Illich family"
"Can I take your coat?"
They pulled up in front of Dean's house
He did that occasionally, just gave Dean things. He'd tried harder to refuse the first time it happened and the guy got really offended. It still feels funny, but it makes the man happy.
Dean chuckled and stretched out on the bed, eyes closed.
"That's
"I think I'll get some pointers from you before I return the favor. Holy shit"
"Fifteen, it was Senior year of High School" He could still see Benny's face as clear in his memory as the last time he saw him.
"Nah" He chuckled "Nah, Cas. I want you just how you are" "That's... that's good" he swallowed, difficult around the things covering his teeth. He had something he was supposed to tell Dean, that's why he was here... it was important... what was it? Dean pushed him back against the bed
"What's that like?" Cas mumbled
"Ok. I'm sending it to you now"
Castiel slipped his fingers from Dean who was not pleased in the least at the absence.
"Shit" Castiel put his laptop in his bag, slinging it over his shoulder, and followed Balthazar out
The Alpha was crying with pleasure, writhing beneath him. Dean had never seen an Alpha like this, needy and begging for a knot... His ass was ready.... He could fuck Cas just like this but... He had a selfish a filthy idea. If the man cloud beg like an Omega and wanted to be fucked like one...Dean's knot swelled a little just at the thought
"Do I have to say something that intimate?"
He reaches down to stroke Cas and find a fun way to return the favor and.... his cock is half hard and... sticky. His eyes flick up to meet the other man's
He softened at Dean's genuine interest.
He took Dean back into his mouth, resuming his previous ministrations. He worked Dean's cock back into his throat
"You're nervous and not really looking for a filthy Omega fuck session on pink sheets and a creaky bed." Dean leaned away to the side table on the far side of the bed and grabbed a clipboard.
"Fuck, look at you" Dean said, admiring the toned body he could make out through the white fabric. He pulled the tucked in shirt from the slacks and immediately over his head. Castiel's chest was firm, but not overly toned along with a light coating of hair. Dean rubbed his hands along the man's sides, eliciting a few twitches "ticklish?"
Castiel never pegged Dean as a person to have a cream and sugar set, maybe he'll comment on it later, it seems a bad time to bring up something so wildly irrelevant and off-topic given the nature of the conversation.
"Let me give you my number. If you're ever up in midtown give me a ring"
"Really?" Dean lit up "that's pretty cool, man. I don't know if I could be that close to a bunch of bees even in a suit"
More than that.... he loved the taboo of it. People paid him for secret sex, for discretion, because paying for it got them off. He didn't ever act like it... aside from Cas... but he
"Calm down, it's ok. You stopped when I asked, didn't you?"
"Ew, Dude. I did *not* need to know that"
Dean laughed nervously
in his entire life, he didn't think he could.
"Yeah, just like that" Dean murmured, biting not far from the first spot which was bright red with deep impressions of his teeth Cas wanted to feel Dean sink his teeth into him, he ached for it... it took everything not to fucking beg him for it. Forever would be fine, as long as he could be wrapped up in this, the scent, these feelings... this feeling of being a thousand miles away but still right here wrapped up in Dean.
"Oh that" Castiel laughed more nervous than he would have liked
"Can I... can I sit?"
Kevin was far too young for Castiel's taste, at 34 he was in no way interested in a 22 year old.
Castiel coated Dean's insides just the same.
"Cas? Are you still there?"
"I'm great at speeches, Balthazar but... I have to look him in the eyes and tell him all of this and... it- it makes my chest ache."
"off you go."
"I don't know"
"You're so fucking perfect" he said
"I do a lot of things" he laughed "my day job is at Singer's Salvage, you know where that's at?"
That lasted about 10 seconds.
"Hey, Cas!" Dean called cheerfully as he sprung from the bed,  gorgeous and half hard, his scent enveloping Cas as Dean moved closer. Castiel covered his mouth as he felt his secondary canines push through completely, he tried to will them back to no avail.
Dean's body went tense as he filled Cas again.
"John is fine" he said as he walked away.
"It's on the house my friend"
This time Sam scoffed
good, and if he was then goddamn he earned every dollar he made. Still, Dean was all but begging for it, his eyes needy and hopeful.
"It doesn't look like a cheap whore house room" he said with a touch of disdain
"Cas. Repeat the rating Garth gave you"
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry"
Dean made space next to himself, Cas sat quickly and sat his untouched coffee down.
don't even want it! You were rated number one on the fucking Alpha scale back in 2007 and then what?"
"Honestly man, I would have been madder than hell if you-" Dean eyes his coffee for a moment "if you hadn't been who you are, you know, not like who you are as a Novak, but who you are as a person" he says into his coffee
"You got plans for the holiday"
Dean sat the magazine in his lap and looked up at the man.
I wrote this on mobile. So.
"You don't want to update it?"
"Oh, Dean" he breathed as Dean lowered himself down on Castiel's length. He rubbed his hands along Dean's thighs, a gentle brush as his hands shook. He threw his head back with a moan as Dean was seated completely.
Castiel shot Balthazar a hard look
".... he basically dropped off the face of the earth after his high school pageant, that's the only picture they have"
The grass is scratchy on his arms and where his shirt has ridden up, but if feels good, being close to nature and the earth, forgetting the bullshit of everyday life... even if it's just for an hour. Dean tries to clear his mind, he does, but he keeps thinking about Cas, about the note that weighs heavy in his wallet, about how every time he tries to relax his mind wanders to the guy.
"I said that because" he began to slowly unbutton Castiel's shirt exposing the white undershirt, his voice full of desire as he softly kissed and bit at the stubble on Cas' face "You
"Your father tells me you're running the Detroit offices these days"
and he squeezed tight around the knot inside him as his body spasmd.
"Clearly"
"You know, I find it barbaric that they classify most eligible alpha by social status and most eligible omega by scent"
"Hey Castiel" Garth called
First of all, Sorry this took FOREVER to update. I didn't know exactly where I wanted this to go, but this morning at 6am I figured it out. SO, THANK YOU to those who've waited forever for this!
Castiel was silent
"You said it wouldn't be like it is right now, what do you mean?"
Balthazar chuckled
"Cas, good to see ya!" He patted Cas on the shoulder. "Head on up, there's a button on the pad for the key-card, Crowley will buzz you in" he winked and walked back behind the desk.
The stars were slowly coming into view. He loved sitting under the stars with Sam. After leaving society bullshit behind, they only had each other. They kept under the radar until most people forgot about them...
The Winchester's were pushing for the best marriages, but John especially was not above cutting off his nose to spite his face when it came to family protocol.
"Oh. Uh. Whenever. If he's not busy. Soon I guess" Castiel fumbled
After breakfast they made their way to Castiel's home. He brought in the mail, including Cosmopolitan which was for Balthazar who didn't even live with Castiel.
Castiel is momentarily stunned
"Want me to ride you?" He smiled into a kiss
Turns out Castiel is someone important, but he doesn't want Dean to know for fear that information about his adventure will go public.
"Hello, Dean"
Garth (11:58pm): Cas from Friday night. Got him hooked already ;D, guy must be loaded!
Without a rebuttal to offer, Castiel looked petulantly out the window
Castiel flopped back on the pillow, once again a ball of nerves.
Dean gave a devilish grin
"Hmm, nothing against you, but it's pretty clear you're new to this" he adjusted his feet slightly "I have a younger brother, I like cars, whiskey, and hanging out with my friends and family on a Friday night"
"Nah, come on" Dean laughs
John fished a picture from his breast pocket
"No no no!" He took a few steps towards Dean (which still left distance since he was still practically in the doorway) "I'm glad it's not. I've never been to a-uh.. a place like this and I..."
He fell out of the society scene after a car accident left his legs paralyzed. They weren't kind to the disabled, especially since Bobby was a bit older and a Beta.
Castiel wrapped his lips around the head of Dean's cock that had softened partially during the conversation.
"Yeah, down that hall" Garth pointed to a hall to his right, Castiel's left "it's unisex but single person"
It's unfair how much Dean smells like home in a way Castiel has never even felt before, he's had no warm and loving home like he's seen in movies or read about... but Dean's couch-
Balthazar placed his hands wide on the desk and leaned across, his face just above the laptop, he whispered loudly
He hasn't seen his Dad in the last seven years. Dean has his own money left to him when his Mom died, John would never dishonor her by trying to fight Dean for it, hell he never even cut Dean off. He never touched the card to that account. John continued to hope that his sons would come back to the life he planned out for them.
"Use yours" he looked Dean dead in the eyes
"How do you want it, Dean?" Castiel's voice rough with lust
" the man breathed
"Fine" he threw his hands up in defeat "but I'm telling you, Cassie this will
"Lucky you." He clicked a few keys and held out his hand. Dean handed him the key card and Crowley waved it over a pad "you're all set, darling"
"It's not like that" he waved off the question
"Hobbies?" He asked.
Dean scoffed "Shit, at least six years... why would I want to?"
The fuck he would, that was
Dean leaned forward to kiss him, breaking the pace of their grinding... if he didn't he was going to cum right then and he needed to cum on Cas' knot so badly he was shaking.
"Yeah" Castiel huffed "and you thought the scent lingering on me was bad" He rubbed his face "I walked in and every bit of sense I had just melted"
Edit: fixed the weird repeat thing! Thanks for telling me lol
"Dean" Castiel furrows his brows "I've been sick with worry over this conversation because I've been terrified to lose you." Cas places his coffee on the table as well.
"Castiel, it's so good to hear from you." No affection in her voice, only hoping for information, or the news he was moving back to California.
John popped the 'P' in a faux casual manner
"Cas, let's walk"
Fuck, it looked like he was about to cry.
Castiel thought
"I expected you to be mad. I didn't know if I'd even get the chance to explain everything"
"Mmm, you like that, Alpha?"
Dean was early. It was 9:30 and he was on edge.
"Touch me, Dean!" He begged
Castiel met his eyes after sizing up his impressive dick.
"You've
His phone buzzed in his pocket, still on vibrate from dinner. Rolling his eyes, Dean pulled it from his pocket knowing good and well it was John calling.
a scent like his has on
Dean:
"Have a seat, I'll get us some fresh coffee, it's not a cappuccino, but it's warm"
Cas flipped them both, his fingers still working Dean open.
Dean:
"It's fine" he wiped the man's eyes "open your mouth" Cas considered Dean carefully, looking over his face before slowly opening his mouth.
"Hmm, ok" Castiel thought "I'm not married, I never have been. I have two cats and a studio apartment in the city. I work for the family company but only really get along with one of my siblings, I have seven, and my cousin who recommended this place and I'm not really sure how much I like him" Castiel rambled off quickly
Castiel's secondary canines ached, but he held them back as he pushed a third finger into Dean and continued to bite Dean's thighs roughly.
"Do you know why I called you perfect if I don't feel like I have to?"
Listen.
He dug his teeth into Dean's shoulder and he ground into the man harder. Cum finally starting to leak out around his knot. He pulled his teeth away just as his secondary canines began to push their way out. His jaw chattered at the desire to sink his teeth into Dean's skin.
He could feel it coming on, the vibration in his chest as he started to purr yet again. If Cas wasn't wearing the caps on his teeth, they would have sank deep into his flesh, binding him to Cas forever. The other man grabbed his hips and ground Dean's ass against his cock. Dean gasped and melted into the feeling. He felt teeth hard against the skin of his chest and slick gushed from him. He threw his head back with a moan, gripping the other man's hair while his ass slid up and down against Cas' cock.
He knew what not wearing scent blockers could do. He had worn them since he presented due to the reaction it caused. His rating wasn't a surprise to him at all. He had to forgo them for the pageant, but after that he never missed a day in 15 years. He'd never seen anyone look like this, though.
"Unless you suffer bladder incontinence, that isn't going to happen" Dean said casually
"Fuck me." The whispered words between a kiss brought him away from his thoughts.
"I don't know how that helps either"
"Hey man" this voice did not belong to Garth "you ok in there?" the voice was soft and rough at the same time. Unlike the peppy light voice of Garth.
"Am I keeping you from that"
Castiel isn't sure what to say to that.
John did bring him up at any chance... Dean needed to remain calm and use his head. Did Castiel seek him out knowing who he was?
"More, Dean. Please"
He read over the texts again.
"Mmm" he moaned into the kiss, rubbing his very slick ass against the other man's hardening cock "thinking of you cumming as I fill your throat" His own cock was already achingly hard again. He watched the man beneath him writhing and gasping, gripping Dean's hips for dear life, managing to roll his hips in time with Dean's. "I've never.... nobody's ever wanted that... I never asked.. you know it's not about me... fuck... and you...God, Cas you wanted to and... fuck I... it was amazing.... and you loved it, you fucking loved it"
Dean stood and touched the man's elbows softly
So many thoughts were bouncing in his head... why
"Get yourself off?" He was a little bummed
"Did you know that this male omega has held the most eligible spot since the day he turned eighteen? Fifteen years!"
"So...is he-"
Castiel runs into someone unexpected!
Sam followed him out. The both plopped down on long patio chairs.
Sam leaned against his kitchen counter, arms crossed.
and the picture was none other than eighteen year old Dean... he'd know that smile anywhere.
He had called Cas the morning after, on Saturday, and still couldn't figure out what compelled him to call Garth and get the guys number. Lots of people just left in the morning, sometimes he was the one leaving in the morning... it never really bothered him. But that morning he felt... sad that Cas wasn't there, that he didn't open his eyes to see a pair of beautiful blue eyes looking back at him. He would have fucked Cas again if he was up for it.
Dean's orgasms began to slow, his whole body twitching, and after a solid 15 minutes of hard orgasms one after the other his knot shrank just enough for Cas to slip his mouth off, saliva and semen leaking from his lips.
"Yes" Cas shuddered, his cock throbbing at Dean's reminder "Fuck, Dean. Feeling... feeling your knot full and tight in my mouth, your...." His entire body was surely as red as his face, ears,  and chest as he said out loud how much he loved it... he'd never had the occasion to talk dirty and hoped he wasn't making a fool of himself "... your hot cum, Dean it.... I came so fucking hard feeling it... swallowing it all, I couldn't... I" he gasped, he had to say it... "Dean, I- I just needed to swallow every bit of you"
"You're serious?"
Dean felt blood rushing back to his cock
His knot was already starting to catch, the third or fourth thrust he hit Cas' prostate and felt his muscles tighten as Cas came untouched. Watching the Alpha beneath him coat his own face in a gorgeous load of cum sent Dean over the edge.
"Hey" Dean called after him "Balthazar Milton, right?"
"You're not mad because... you have feelings for me?"
Dean laughed
"Well a happy Thanksgiving to you, too, Son"
Balthazar grabbed the magazine and stretched out on the sofa
He swallowed hard before pressing the worn red button on the keypad. The door unlocked with a loud click and his hand nearly slipped off when he opened it, his palms sweaty as hell. Crowley cracked a smile from behind his small desk.
" Balthazar hissed through gritted teeth. "You smell like a candy factory, and I honestly do
And so on down the sheet
The only upside of the lower castes is that you have some semblance of privacy, your parents aren't searching for the best match in regards to business, fertility, intelligence, success and most of all the financial gain of both families. Everyone knew it was eugenics, cutting ties with family members who proved infertile or in any way disabled, there was nothing anyone could do, the powerful kept the ideals. Nobody could force you to marry anyone or anything like that and there was no obligation to buy in other than the draw of money and power.
"Are you going to cuss this much at dinner"
"C'mon!" Dean said, with what was either an earnest hint of giddiness or phenomenal acting on his part.
Dean playing with his hands was the most soothing thing he may have ever experienced. Telling partially of his lack of intimate experiences as well as the quality of the present one.
"Oh. Uh, seven?"
"I like keeping bees, I have a few hives on top of my--the building"
Castiel blinks a few times
It looked like an upper middle class master suite. It was not the gaudy colors and silk sheets he had imagined, there were not lamps covered in red kerchiefs, the room did not have several shelves covered in dildoes and other sex toys. It looked like someone's bedroom.
Cas was on cloud nine. The way Dean rolled them on their sides, holding him.
"Very true" he interrupted sliding into the upholstered chair and placing a cloth napkin on his lap
"FUCK!" Cas gripped Dean's arms tight, his body arching up, vibrating with the low full body 'growl'
6'0" 175lbs
The memory of standing up that morning.. cum pouring out of him...
Balthazar sat on Castiel's desk just in front of the laptop Castiel was currently hunched over.
"You good?" Dean asked, pulling away from the man's neck to hold his face and look down into his eyes. Cas nodded. He leaned up kissing Dean softly, he could feel Dean smile into the kiss.
"Cas..." Dean urged softly
Omega M.
Ok. He looked himself in the mirror. 5 o'clock shadow.. he could had shaved, he didn't expect to really do this... and to do it today. He was wearing the suit he wore to work, tie and all... not his sexiest look... well.. the guy agreed and certainly saw his attire.
"Why would you ask that, Castiel?" Her voice seeping with caution.
"Oh, yes. I'm fine. I'll be out in a moment"
Dean leaves the store, a man in a rush bumping into him on the way in. He turns and looks as if he's about to apologize until he meets Dean's eyes
"Do you remember the room number, darling?"
"Don't stop" Cas breathed "Whatever you want, please" he bit his lip
It was Castiel's turn to have his face flush
"Mmmm, never met an Alpha that asked for your knot?" Dean laughed
to be kidding me" the man rolls his eyes. His English accent much smother than Crowleys, Dean notes.
"Do we now?"
Castiel was rarely compelled to have any real conversation at these things, but as if fate existed solely to knock him on his ass as often as possible, he saw a face that he would have never recognised if he hadn't been fucking and googling Dean Winchester; it was John Winchester himself.
Dean never hated Mondays like everyone else, then again he loved working on cars and uncle Bobby was a pretty cool guy.
Castiel worked slowly; he ran his tongue along the underside, gently sucked and kissed the tip. His chest was getting moist with slick. Dean was writhing with pleasure, moaning and mumbling various profanities and "Cas" thrown in here and there.
"Ok, Dean, where to?"
Dean smiled
His eyes snapped open
The bruise on his shoulder... right where he'd sport a mating bite... there were even light scratch marks, not enough to break skin, where Cas had pulled away before his secondaries could sink in.
"He meant well... he just... he doesn't know a different way"
He looked down at his phone, the number was unfamiliar, but local
"Castiel Novak!" John exclaimed, hand extended "John Winchester, a pleasure to meet you!"
"Ow, ow! Ok Cas stop" he felt the caps press a little to hard, about to fail their intended purpose. Without hesitation Cas opened his mouth and sat back, he covered his face in his hands.
"I'm not like most Omegas in more ways than one... I don't want you to get freaked out... it's not weird or anything just..." He pulled his pants down and his paid boxers with them to reveal a cock rivaling the size of Castiel's Alpha... in fact, it looked just like that of an Alpha.
"Really?"
The conversation closed and they both sat quietly in their own thoughts as the sun disappeared behind the trees, highlighting the orange and yellow fall leaves.
"I feel for you, Castiel" the noted man rolling his eyes in response "No, I do." Balthazar sighed "You have feelings for Dean and it's all a mess that can't be fixed, you know on Friday that it will all come crashing down-"
"I am, Sir. The quiet pace of the Midwest suites me far better than LA, Detroit is busy, but still pales in comparison"
Dean had money. Dean had his job at the salvage yard. Dean was also a prostitute.
"Admittedly that's kind of what I was expecting"
Dean.
Dean hums in appreciation, repositioning himself so he's sitting in Castiel's lap proper and Castiel's back is, more comfortably against the back cushions.
"Ok"  yeah, that'll work...great
Cas shivered as Dean kissed along his stomach. Dean tasted his slick on Castiel's length. He licked up the bottom before taking the Alpha's length completely into his throat. Castiel was sure that the world had fallen out beneath him. Dean's lips looked perfect stretched around his cock. He could have cum just thinking about the fact that this beautiful man was moaning while giving head like Castiel has never had in his life. Dean pulled off slowly, he looked up at Cas and winked.
"Sleep tight, and stop worrying," Castiel chided with a lopsided smile, making Dean huff a short laugh. He was tempted to poke his tongue out at him but winked charmingly at him instead, amused when he saw a light blush tinting the dark-haired man's cheeks. Oh my... He hobbled off and heard Castiel close the door after a moment. Dean stepped out into the chilly spring night.
Bobby smiled at him sympathetically then and patted his cheek in an amicable manner.
Dean turned another page and cursed Tolstoy with passion, not sure whether he really wanted to continue reading this lengthy, lengthy book. Also, he couldn’t concentrate. His thoughts always fled to Castiel and his situation. What was going on inside of him. Whether he would be fine. If there was anything Dean could do for him…
He struggled to his feet with a groan and walked away to the stage. With certainty, he picked the song from the computer, grinning to himself when he entered the stage and took the mic.
“Okay, buddy, hang in there. I’ll be right there,” Dean comforted him. They hung up and Dean joined Charlie in the car again; she regarded him wide-eyed, immediately realized the shift of his mood, that something was going on. Because they were not only colleagues but good friends, Dean told her what had happened and that he had to play hooky for the rest of the day. Charlie just gave him a lopsided grin and told him he should really take care of his migraine better, then she winked at him. As an exemption, Charlie was behind the wheel today, so she quickly drove Dean to the police station, where the Impala was waiting for him. It was just a short trip, a few blocks away. Dean thanked her, jogged to the Impala, and started the engine impatiently, his every thought bent on Castiel and how he was doing.
What surprised Dean even more was the fact how multi-faceted people could be – he had never really taken his time to get to know somebody in all detail, his life often implied brief acquaintances. The more he learned about Castiel, the more he wanted to know. It was fascinating to unfurl each layer of the mystic book that Castiel was, and Dean wanted to invest more time to browse in his pages. What a shame that time was the merest thing he had. He was driftwood in a vast ocean, and Castiel was the constant shoreline. There were so many things he adored about Castiel, little things he detected throughout the hours of each day – what made him smile, how he often stroked through his hair when he was nervous, all those subtleties you only learned once you stuck around. He never wanted to miss those fine nuances, he didn't think he would ever grow tired of them. They all contributed to Castiel's sweet, pleasant-nature being Dean had fallen for.
Then again he catches himself praying to Castiel every night before he falls asleep, and each morning when he wakes up. During each day he thinks about him multiple times, when things remind him of the angel or when he just misses him and wants his company. He can't really suppress his thoughts about Castiel, and he can't stop himself from worrying about him so badly it hurts.
"Nah, found another way to keep me warm."
"You too", he answered thoughtlessly, not paying too much attention to self-control. It felt right to say whatever was on his tongue, because the man had that effect on him, a weird infatuating aura, which made Castiel strip off all his layers of daily routine and protective masks.
They both sighed exasperated and let their heads hang down. After a couple of seconds, Dean let his eyes roam about the small bus shelter, searching for an occupation or anything interesting for the next four hours of waiting. He frowned when he made out a sign with a drawn hand on it – the sign looked like a control panel. Interested, he let his gaze wander, and recognized another panel on the other side of the shelter. The stranger to his right caught his searching eyes and copied his behavior. When Dean threw his head back to contemplate the ceiling, he saw the slogan "Heat powered by you" and a logo of intertwined hands. Something clicked in his brain, and he understood immediately how this thing worked. If they held hands, they would close the electric circuit and the heaters would be turned on. He gave the stranger an appraising look – the other just seemed petrified, his pink mouth gaping open. Their eyes met, and Dean laughed inwardly when he detected the slightest blush beautifying the man's features.
In the last weeks, the weather had been more or less warm and dry, just typical summer weather – but on today’s forenoon, as Dean and Castiel made ready to drive to Aaron’s house, the weather had changed, as if it felt the coming change as well. Dark rain clouds hung in the sky. The streets were still wet with rain, which had fallen this bygone night. The air smelt of stony water and fresh grass; all the shrubberies and trees seemed content with the long yearned for rain, and the whole world seemed revived, even if the sun had disappeared for today. Castiel, on the other hand, seemed dead, like a walking zombie, his face pale and his eyes carrying an exhausted look. Dean had decided not to comment on Castiel’s looks today, but he looked the worse for wear as if he hadn’t slept all night. Castiel wore a black long-sleeve shirt and worn-out jeans, completing his slack and fatigued appearance. Even so, he looked somewhat cute, and Dean couldn’t help but smile warmly the longer he laid eyes on him.
“And I for him,” he confirmed, smiled carefully at his father.
"Hey," he replied at last, making Dean grin. Castiel released Dean, seemingly somewhat surprised by his own vehemence, for he was blushing and averted his eyes in the shy manner Dean had gotten to know by now. Castiel chinked his keys and held them up so that Dean could see them.
"And miss this? No chance. Hey, why don't we talk again tomorrow evening? I'll call you as soon as I'm home, around six or so", Castiel suggested without any ulterior motives. Just to hear the sound of Dean's voice again within the next 24 hours was enough to make him happy. Maybe he would be awake enough to actually have an extensive conversation with Dean without falling asleep after only a few minutes. Dean agreed and figured he'd be home by then as well, estimating with a mumble how long it would take to shut down the garage. His quiet "Goodnight, Cas", reverberated in Castiel's ears for a long while, and he took the tender sound of Dean's rough voice into his peaceful dreams.
“Oh, man. Flattery will get you nowhere.”
“Cas?” Dean says again, softer now.
Dean smiles a little. “Hi.”
Dean’s whining is interrupted by a piece of bread being pressed to his lips. He blinks, then watches with keen interest as Castiel chuckles at him.
“Anything you need, Cas.”
But Bartholomew left his family rich, and shrewd investment decisions by Naomi have kept them that way. She also uses her husband’s good name, as well as the numerous charitable contributions she’s made to various organizations, to further her and her children as she sees fit.
That’s not all, though. There’s a box in the office full of them in a hundred different colors. Whenever someone leaves the club, if Mr. N sees that they’re hatless, he insists that they pick one to take home.
The man is almost of a height with Dean and has a bland face, and there’s a silver sheriff’s badge pinned to his shirt. The horse tied to the post next to Impala, presumably this man’s, is a bit older, but well taken care of for all that.
Castiel frowns down at his phone. He’s currently sitting in his advanced English course, the only class he doesn’t share with Dean. Which Charlie knows, because she’s in biology with Dean right now.
since as Dean moves away, Cas moves with him, pressing all along his front.
He shouldn’t have underestimated his omega, though, because Cas responds beautifully. The hand still resting on Dean’s face slides back to clench in his hair, and Cas arches his back to press closer to Dean. Without thinking, since his higher brain function has deserted him, he rolls them so he’s pressing Castiel down into the mattress. He panics for a brief moment that he’s gone too far, but Cas wraps his arms around Dean’s neck and pulls him back down into another hot kiss.
it would be to bed Cas. Though the chances of Cas catching pregnant outside of a heat cycle are slim to none, there’s still a chance. Dean doesn’t plan to stay, but like hell would he abandon a pup. Even if there
“Anna?” he asks.
The lie sounds terrible in Cas’ mouth, and Dean decides that there’s been enough deception to last them a lifetime. He can’t stomach any more of it.
and uses all of it to let his mouth fall open against the wet flesh pressed against it. Coppery liquid floods his mouth, so hot it feels like it’s boiling against his tongue, but he accepts it greedily. Some instinct is telling him that he needs it.
„What’s going on?” Castiel asked gently. Then his hand left Dean’s body and Castiel lay down beside him. His movements were saturated with care as he spread the blanket over himself and Dean, tugging them in. Dean still felt as if he couldn’t move, as if he was paralyzed. He lacked the ability to convey what was going through his head, how many fears and hopes were battling within him for the upper hand. He looked up to Castiel, who now rested on his side, one arm put under his head, so that he could look at Dean comfortably. His look was piercing, understanding, and Dean wished he could reveal everything going on inside of him to the other man… He smiled tiredly and wiped a hand over his eyes. He couldn’t endure those knowing eyes, scanning him, detecting every thought without Dean having to utter a word.
### Again! - Knife fight between two infamous clans ends with man severely wounded ###
Dean’s breathing faltered, he sucked in a shaky breath. Damn it. Just the idea of Cas and him, right now, via video call… it seemed so brazen and naughty, turned Dean on incredibly. He could feel himself getting hard, a noticeable large bulge growing in his boxers. He gulped down the nervousness, and it made room for intense heat spreading throughout his whole body. It tickled everywhere with pleasant anticipation. He regarded Cas, sitting on his bed with his dolce smile and his lavender-blue shirt prettily bringing out the color of his eyes. That damn sexy stubble Dean wanted to run his lips over so badly, his dark hair, through which Dean just wanted to run his fingers and grab it… his eyes traveled down Cas’ throat, where he longed to leave airy kisses, stopped at the button-down front of Cas’ shirt.
The sun was shining on a bright blue sky, and Saint Louis looked strangely tidied-up as if it wanted to present itself to Dean one last time in its best outfit. His feet led him to a quieter area of the city, framed with avenues of big maple trees. He walked through the iron gate of the stonewall, immediately sensed the holy aura of this place. Full of consideration, he slowly walked along the rows of countless graves, knew the way by heart. He stopped after a few minutes, looked down at the granite headstone of Lisa’s grave. A photo of her had been embedded in the stone, and on it, she was smiling as heartily as ever, was as beautiful as he remembered her. He smiled heavy-hearted and sighed. Dean felt like a new man, so different than this man, who had been in a relationship with Lisa Braeden and who had lost her dramatically. All of this seemed so long gone, as if it didn’t concern him any longer. Deep inside, he knew his love for Castiel had brought this change – this love had made it possible for Dean to move forward, to let go of that terrible pain, which was holding on to him, sucking the life out of him.
His lover was cramping, his brow was furrowed, his fingers were clutching the bedsheet tightly so that his knuckles stood out whitely. Tentatively Dean started rotating his finger in little circles, stretching the other ever so tenderly that his tension was only short-lived. A small, knowing smile came to Dean's lips as he let his second finger glide smoothly inside, feeling Castiel breaking open for him. The dark-haired man was increasingly lolling on the bed, lewd, high-pitched moans escaped his gaping mouth. By the time Dean thrust his third finger inside, Castiel was throwing his head from side to side, whimpering and arching his back to welcome Dean deeper within him. His instinct told Dean to curl his fingers upwards, and as he did so he felt the twitching nerve bud - Castiel winced violently, an aroused cry ringing within the confines of the room. Startled by the impossible wave of lust, Dean repeated the motion, thirsting for hearing that unfiltered sound of pure delight once more as he pressed his fingertip mercilessly against that sweet spot. His mouth was agape and sweet terror clouded his thinking when he examined Castiel's body shaking and writhing electrified, how a layer of sweat was forming on his naked form – the moans and needy whimpers echoed in Dean's head, filled him with a sore feeling to lose himself in his lover's body at long last.
Hellooo my lovely readers x3 thank you again for your ongoing support and your great reviews! Uhm... now, I have to warn of slightly darker themes in this chapter, but I think they're not that severe..? x3
“Yeah? What would you do if I were there?” he asked cheekily. Cas chuckled.
With his free hand, he pointed at the eastern side of the lake in the far distance. In the approaching twilight, Dean spotted remote little lights, as if from lanterns. These orange and yellow lights were in the midst of wild forests, which turned black and dark like rain clouds, now that the sun was setting.
They both laughed lightly, and Dean felt downright happy when he saw the wide grin plastered to Sam's face. Sam's cheerful features made Dean comprehend Sam was glad for him despite it all, the realization took a load off Dean's mind. It was a nice, welcome moment the brothers shared as they regarded one another for a while as the silence lingered on between them. Dean knew he had revealed a lot of himself to Sam within the last minutes, and it delighted him beyond imagination to see nothing but approval and sympathy in his face. Talking about his feelings brought Dean always out of his usual comfort zone...
“Who was there from the Capulets?”
"I know it sounds cheesy, but, you'll call, right?", Dean questioned hesitantly, the nervousness seeping through his words, and worry flared up in his dark green eyes like a fickle flame; he looked down somewhat shyly, making Castiel's chest cringe with affection and love for the man – how could he think he wouldn't call him? How could he even dare to imply he wasn't important enough to him? In an instant Castiel lunged forward and his hands framed Dean's night-chilled cheeks gently; he covered Dean's sinful plump lips with slow, passionate kisses, putting all the emotions welling inside of him into his feverish kisses. He felt Dean relaxed against him and how eagerly he answered to his kisses, sighing softly into his mouth. Dean's fingers crawled to the lapels of Castiel's shirt, tugging adamantly at them to draw him in, and Castiel let Dean lead him through every of their sensual kisses. Their mouths kept saying goodnight to each other, it was palpable that they wanted to remember this for the oncoming days, in which they'd be forced to be separated from each other. Breathless they pulled apart, panting against the other's wet lips, and they stared into each other's dilated eyes for a lengthy moment.
Castiel didn't bother overthinking when he was supposed to reply, he had never been a friend of those stupid dating rules. So he answered immediately to Dean's message, his hands still covered with dried blood of the woman he had helped today.
. It was a mixture of coziness, belonging, familiarity, which he hadn’t experienced for such a long time. Wistfully he sometimes thought about that dreaded future day when he had to return to his ordinary life again. When all of this would end again. He was kind of looking forward to getting back to work and seeing all his colleagues and especially his work buddy Benny again… but he had no desire returning to his empty two-room apartment, where there was no one but himself to keep him company.
Cas sighed, an amused grin making his eyes gleam with humor.
TO BE CONTINUED
When his fingers clutched the phone again and he let out a hesitant "Dean?", he heard him exhale a breathy laugh. Castiel got up and lay down on his bed, watching the evening sky outside darken. The first stars covered the sky and twinkled at him, as if they knew the secret that was written all over his heart.
“There’s another cabin you can rent, far away from all the hubbub.”
"Don't you dare thinking you're alone in this, Cas. Whoever I'm with, you're always there with me. All the fucking time, you're in my head. This is also hard for me, I hate it too. I'm thinking about you all the time, you're the only reason I can even get it up. So don't tell me you're the one who's annoyed that you have to share me, because I'm the one who's getting fucked and exploited!", Dean growled, and he yelled as he spat out the last words, making Castiel flinch from him.
Dean shut his lids when Castiel wrapped a supportive arm around his back and leaned his forehead against Dean's shoulder, holding him and helping him wordlessly through this hairy conversation. But there was no need to be worried, Dean should have known. He heard Bobby laugh, but it wasn't a judging laugh or that he was laughing at Dean for any stupid reason – and Dean grinned broadly when he heard him talk again, for he was so relieved they had Bobby's blessings as well.
Sam placed his gigantic hand over his own mouth and his eyes watered with desperate tears he struggled to keep inside. His odd behavior unsettled Dean. Sam nodded and looked away; his shoulders slumped down and he seemed terribly small and lost. Dean felt the surge of anger inside of him ebb away swiftly, for he couldn't stand seeing his brother in that way.
"I don't know, Cas...I have a hard time building on words, and right now I rather keep my wariness, you could say that's my usual form of self-protection", Dean replied thoughtfully, and he sounded bitter to Castiel. At that point, Castiel's fuses blew, and his passion overpowered him. How could Dean not trust the truth content of his words? Before he knew it his mouth had cleared the way for his tirade, he was blind with rage and worn out by his frustration.
There was some movement in the bed a while later, and Castiel awoke halfheartedly as he felt the mattress shift and Dean approaching him from behind, sliding under his blanket. Castiel was laying on his side, and Dean followed suit; one of his arm came to rest around Castiel's waist, and Dean snuggled up to him, his steady breath fanning against the bare crook of Castiel's neck. He awoke a lot when the perception of Dean's naked, warm chest sliding together with his back made a hot shiver run through him. He held perfectly still when Dean's crotch fused with his ass, when Dean's thighs and knees bent in the same shape as Castiel's legs, so that their bodies were connected wherever possible. A fire grew within Castiel's chest as he concentrated on Dean's body warmth sweeping over the planes of his skin, how each of his fibers blanketed Castiel's, as if they were one.
, is one of the many sentences he often repeats in his head, and he doesn't know that it puts a tender smile on Castiel's lips. Dean's prayers are the only thing getting Castiel through his loneliness, the only thing he's looking forward to each day while he is hiding and running away. The angel often answers, but he knows Dean can't hear him. Doesn't know that Cas confesses so much to him – that he needs him too, that he wants to come home, that he misses him.
The silence on the way back to Dean's room was deafening and kind of tense, solely interrupted with Dean's grunts and pants. It was pretty wearing to walk on his crutches, he still had to take care of his steps; Castiel walked slowly beside him, watching his every move narrowly.
"I'm sorry, Cas. We can't be more than therapist and patient. If it gives you comfort, I'll try to leave as soon as possible and get out of your hair."
„Helping a friend getting his stuff,“ he said calmly, with a nod into the kitchen. Castiel just walked out of the kitchen and stopped next to Dean. He was wide-eyed and his whole behavior wary, even intimidated, it seemed to Dean, when his and Aaron’s eyes met. Immediately, Aaron’s eyes darkened, and his face became a mask of terrible fury. Mesmerized, Dean watched the change coming over the other man. How quickly he turned from a more or less friendly-looking man to a psycho-version of himself.
“What will any conversation avail to? For the time being, my life just sucks… and I don’t see how it can get better anytime soon when I talk about how horrible I feel.”
“That’s the point, buddy. They’ll never see us coming. I know somebody who could get us tickets, get us inside, it’s all foolproof. It’s a masquerade ball, so we dress up, get in unseen, and have a blast at the Capulets’ expense, and they won’t even know it. I’m laughing already just thinking about it. I mean, can you imagine? The Montagues mingling with the guests of the Capulets, like wolves among sheep.”
The seconds elapsed torturously slow, so Dean heard his own savage heartbeats resounding in his ears. The blood seemed to have left his face, and he could feel his legs turn to jelly. Unhealthy heat boiled in his guts, a bitter taste lingered on his tongue. No one answered the door. He knocked at it again, louder this time and repeated the process of waiting. This had to be a nightmare, nothing else. Soon he would wake up and he would see Castiel smile again, he would regard the vividness in his tender glance and berate himself for ever worrying in the first place. When he was positive no one was going to open this cursed door he couldn't help but let his shoulders sag. Automatically his head hung down; a wave of desperation overflowed him, the first thrusts of panic hit him hard. Why the hell did Castiel not answer the door? What was restraining him?
"Cas... do that again", Dean breathed, and Castiel complied obediently, most delighted to unravel Dean. He took his time to lick Dean's dick from head to the hilt thoroughly, then he let his tongue glide over the sensitive slit, feeling and seeing Dean's thighs tremble and the frantic groan that raged through Dean's whole body made Castiel light-headed. While he continued his caresses, he saw Dean's abs began to constrict and Dean's breaths became erratic, high-pitched. He felt Dean was close, because his fingers in his hair were shaky, his nails scraping over Castiel's scalp mercilessly. It should've been scaring, the brutal way in which they satisfied each other, but it turned Castiel on, the harsh manner with which Dean came undone, holding on to Castiel as if he was dying, and it stimulated Castiel to pick up speed and to suck Dean off eagerly. He deep-throated him as often as he could while he let his tongue massage the underside of Dean's twitching erection. Then, all at once, there was a gasp and a violent shudder taking over Dean's body, and he came hard inside Castiel's mouth. Castiel felt Dean's cock convulse and his warm come filling his mouth in spurts, and he swallowed it without thinking too hard about it – he let Dean relax for a few seconds, then he slowly released him and wiped his mouth, looking up into Dean's reddened, flustered face with a proud smirk. So, apparently, he wasn't utterly useless when it came to blow jobs, and he fathomed he wasn't disgusted by it furthermore, he absolutely enjoyed satisfying Dean this way.
A while later, Dean felt drowsy, and he yawned heartily, but he didn’t want to end their call yet. So he just took Cas and the laptop with him and moved their conversation to the bedroom. He flopped down on his bed with a groan and realized Cas was doing the same, lying down on his motel room bed. Dean turned the laptop in an all-encompassing movement so that Castiel could see all of his bedroom. Castiel whistled appreciatively, then smiled at Dean, when Dean had pillowed the laptop once more on his uphoisted thighs.
“You know, if your plan had functioned properly, we would have never seen each other again,” he said casually, taking the poignancy out of his words.
On Tuesday night they stole away. It was after ten in the evening, so they had to make sure no one noticed them. They were grinning and chuckling like excited children, feeling like some rebellious teens disobeying their parents as they limped through the quiet corridors. Just the thought of how they must have looked like made Dean laugh breathlessly, and they shushed each other stupidly. Once they had managed to escape they found a 24/7 kiosk and bought various bottles of alcohol – whiskey, Smirnoff and mixed wodka. This night they barricaded themselves in Ash's room. In order not to draw too much attention, they had lit some tealights, and while they were getting drunk together, they played cards and had whispered conversations. It was like a little, forbidden party in the rehab-center, it extinguished the monotony and the loneliness of each passing day.
He was standing in front of Dean's apartment door, absolutely paralyzed, and his fingers clutched the bouquet of flowers he had chosen for Dean tightly. He cursed and bit his bottom lip, asking himself what he had been thinking to get Dean such an impressive bouquet, consisting of yellow gillyflowers, white petunia and orange gerbera, among the usual green stuff. What the hell had he been thinking? Dean was a man, a manly man, a man who most likely hated flowers (if that was even possible for any human being), and Castiel wanted to puke when he feared for Dean's worst reaction as he waited for him to open the door. When it did, Castiel's jaw dropped, it felt like a wonder of the world – dimmed candle light glowed behind Dean's figure, flattered his skin and his gorgeous green eyes, touched his hair lightly. He looked frighteningly stunning, breathtaking, admirable. From what Castiel could make out in his dreamlike state, he saw Dean was wearing black slacks and a greyish slimline sweater, and Castiel was immensely relieved he wasn't underdressed.
"God, I'm not sure whether you guys give me a headache or diabetes, you're too sweet!" Sam bantered – chuckles erupted from both Dean and Castiel, and they stopped kissing to regard one another, marveling at the evident pleasure bouncing vividly in their eyes. Dean slung his arms around Castiel's neck and pulled him into a firm, intimate embrace, pillowing his jaw on his partner's shoulder. He felt Castiel's answering fingers holding his back, keeping him close as his body fused perfectly with Dean's. Their hectic breaths were tuned to one another as their chests collided again and again. Over Castiel's shoulder, Dean looked at Sam, who was smiling at them fondly. His and Dean's eyes met, and they shared a long, understanding look. Dean's mouth shaped a mute "Thank you," and Sam grinned sheepishly, answering with a whispered "You deserve it". Castiel must have heard those words too, for he squeezed Dean and held him even tighter, unwilling to ever let go again.
Dean is not embarrassed anymore – he knows he and Castiel have a too intimate bond to behave awkward about his physical deeds regarding him – Dean feels rather deeply hurt and disappointed. He can't bear the idea of Castiel hearing him all this time without returning to him sooner. It makes Dean feel as if the angel cares even less about him than he had hoped for. He knows he's behaving like an ass, considering Castiel is hurt and here now, but he can't stand his nearness at the moment. Though he craved for him for so long, he doesn't want him around after this confession. He averts his eyes from Castiel's prying ones, ignores the obvious ache in them, and walks to the door.
"Cas, wait! Where are you going?" Dean asked disgruntled, dissatisfied with the development of events. Castiel stopped briefly, Dean saw his shoulders and his whole back stiffen. He inclined his head towards Dean, a small, gentle smile came to Castiel's plump, rosy lips. He looked almost peaceful, but still so lethal and detached that it frightened Dean somewhat. Where had his ardent, responsive lover disappeared to?
They continued walking and came to an apartment complex after a few minutes. Dean felt so alive, so insouciant in Castiel's company, it was overwhelming, heady, how quickly he could forget his gloomier thoughts and all the things which troubled him. Castiel retrieved his key ring and unlocked the front door; he held it open for Dean, a true gentleman, and Dean hobbled inside.
“Anna. Along with Balthazar and Michael. Oh, she mouthed off at us, that red-haired bitch. I would have left it at that, you know, walk away. But Jo was having none of it. You know Jo…”
“Okay, I didn’t know that. Doesn’t matter though. All I want is Cas, I’m not interested in anybody else.”
"All right, I can't stand by and watch this. You're freezing to death, Dean. Give me your hand."
On Wednesday evening the air was lovely, a sweet smell of flowers and warmth lingering in the soft breezes. Castiel had been upset and pensive all day long, and he felt it in his bones that he needed a long run again to calm himself. His body felt edgy, bursting with energy that was close to over-sensitivity that was looking for an outlet. Castiel spent almost two hours running on his favourite forest path, and he sucked in the fresh air and the spicy scent of the woods. The tranquillity of the early evening and the solitude of this place transferred to him and his heart started beating its usual quick pace whenever he was running, not the hysteric fury beating it had pounded the whole day. For a while he was able to let go of all the stress that created painful knots in his head, and he could just be for the nonce.
In spite of his decent intentions, Dean couldn't gag the last and most persistent critical voice that screamed at him how unfair his behaviour was – that he engaged Castiel selfishly in this strange, intimate relationship, only to leave him behind within the period of a fortnight. He admitted to himself it wasn't exactly good manners to ensnare someone and then disappear without a trace. And even though he knew this, he couldn't help himself. He couldn't let go of Castiel, for the love of God, he couldn't. His heart constricted at the very idea, adrenaline made him gag and gasp for breath. His fingers were shaky, cold sweat was on his forehead, as he stood in the hallway of the apartment complex, collecting his composure. His exhales were uneven as he rang Castiel's doorbell.
“But you couldn’t stop there, could you? You
"They sow the wind and reap the whirlwind", he commented dryly and stuck his tongue out at Gabe.
Then Castiel disappeared too and Dean heard his bare feet slapping on the linoleum covered floor, getting further and further away. He scrambled to his feet and searched for his boxer shorts. He donned himself rapidly – his jeans, socks, a black T-shirt and a plaid, long-sleeved shirt. He felt the grim, thoughtful mien he was wearing on his face as he tried to find a solution for this awful situation. Sam had become insane, that much was certain. If he really walked the talk, he would take the Impala to the devil's gate. How was Dean supposed to reach him in time and convince him he was acting stupidly? Maybe he was right, and the demons wouldn't want to hurt him – but that didn't mean they couldn't abduct him or use him for their intentions! He was handing himself to them on a silver platter mindlessly!
Suddenly, a wave of uncertainty washed over Dean. The formerly so pleasant heat turned into something ugly, into choking, relentless fear. He heard the awful voices in his head, chiding him, whispering of anguish and loss. He couldn’t, he just couldn’t…
“Well, we got married last year in autumn, so it’s a year in two weeks. But I’ve known Dean for a much longer time. We’re together for over four years.”
“Another reason is probably my brother Sam and the university he had attended. Sam had only studied law for a year when our father had perished. I think the syllabus Sam had decided for had also rubbed off on me. All this talk about justice and laws and sentences,” he chuckled. “It’s kind of funny to have a lawyer and a cop in the family…”, he contemplated, seeing the grin widen on Castiel’s mouth. It did him the world of good that Castiel looked less glum during their conversation, that he even seemed lively and good-humored – this feeling also replaced the nervousness and uptightness in Dean’s soul with something akin to lightness; he felt completely unwound now. Maybe that was the reason why the next words slipped out of his mouth before he could stop them, before he could bite on his tongue and reconsider what he was actually saying
For the first time ever another person's condolences regarding Anna didn't feel pathetic, and Castiel didn't feel ashamed for enjoying Dean's sympathy. He smiled a lopsided smile, astonished that he was able to talk to Dean about her so openly, without fear chewing at him that Dean might not be interested or uneasy with his monologue. Castiel hated to feel sorry for himself, because he had always told himself to move on, and he was, but sometimes it was just too hard to keep going. He missed Anna so much, just the little simple things... He missed her laughter, to talk with her - and that he would never get the chance again to spend some time with her always depressed him hugely.
"I'm not a cripple, Sam. My leg has improved a lot. But thanks for the offer; it's much appreciated. It turns my stomach to give up so easily, though... What would you do if I went missing? Would you just sit still?" Dean objected, though he was grateful for Sam's kind words. They calmed him down a little, but pangs of guilt kept thudding within his heart.
“Son of a bitch. You really have some dark kind of humor, you know that?” he teased, incapable of hiding the grin.
“Yeah, maybe… I hope so.”
„I just don’t understand why you let him hit you.
, sweet love. He had to smile when Dean's bright laughter resounded in his ears; visions of his perfect body displayed just for him made him rock hard, and when he touched himself slowly again that night, he thought he could hear Dean's sighs, his moans, intertwined with his own. He trembled against his hand, and again his fingertips twitched with the phantom-feel of Dean's body underneath, his flexing muscles moving underneath him. When Castiel came a few strokes later, an agonized sob escaped his agape mouth, and he writhed in the sheets when hot surge after surge of his orgasm struck down on him. Images of Dean reappeared in his imagination, and Castiel knew for sure – he was lost, completely absorbed in his love for Dean. He needed to have him, otherwise his life would become dull and one horrid, unbearable routine.
“I… I don’t wanna push you”, he pointed out, as if this held any meaning.
Dean doesn't know that his prayers actually reach Castiel that night. The angel can't help but listen to Dean's ragged breaths, his quiet moans, his urgent words. It does something to Cas, makes his knees melt and his head dizzy as he slides down the exterior wall of a house in a deserted alley. He allows himself to take a time out for a few moments. It's a rainy night and darkness is all around Cas; he sees his breaths escaping him like white shreds of clouds. There's no one around and he can't sense any heavenly or demonic creature in the vicinity, so he rests his heavy head on his tucked up knees. He closes his eyes and focuses on Dean's prayers, running through him like a pulsing wave of heat. He can almost picture what Dean is doing to himself, his voice is giving him away easily.
He mewled appreciatively, when Castiel applied enough pressure to unravel the knots in his torso, that had been there as long as he could remember. God, he really knew what he was doing. A warm surge washed through Dean's stomach, and buoyancy blossomed within him when Castiel's powerful hands wandered down and grasped his ribs, massaging his flesh silently. Though he knew Castiel was obviously just doing his job, it felt much more intimate to let him touch him. Hell, it almost felt like a great foreplay, and Dean had to try really desperately not to grow hard in his pants.
When they stopped in Bobby’s yard, it was already noon. Dean killed the engine and looked at Castiel, who responded to his intense look for once. Dean saw how tired he was, how utterly exhausted, all his strengths were spent. He really wanted Castiel to get some rest after this horrible meeting with Aaron.
"I'm glad we do," Castiel murmured against Dean's skin, then he kissed his hand again. Dean was blushing vehemently, but for the love of God, he couldn't stifle the happy smile which gained strength on his lips.
"Well, ugh, circuit training for example; or how to orientate yourself by stellar constellations when you're in the middle of nowhere, and other crap like that. You could drop me off in the deepest forest and I would know where to walk, how to find water and so on... Then I also did a lot of combat-training, I had to practice dealing with various weapons... So, uhm, that kind of was my childhood and my teenage years. Those things were more important than some stupid baseball games..." he confessed, feeling a lump of pain narrowing his throat. He had always tried so hard to make John proud of him, he had fulfilled his duties at all times... However, it had never been enough. And now John was gone, and all Dean had were his trained skills and some ugly memories about conflicting priorities. The grip of Castiel's hand around his tightened and when he met his eyes again, he saw worry flicker in them. He tried to get a hold of himself and dismiss the subject as beside the point. He inhaled deeply and laughed a little embarrassed.
“Sleep, Dean. I can hear you overthinking,” Cas complained. It made Dean smile softly. He pressed a coy kiss into Cas’ nape, let his nose play with the strands of dark, ruffled hair before kissing it again. Yeah, Cas was probably right. He needed to stop thinking asap.
„Thank you,” he said, his voice quivering somewhat. Dean realized Castiel wasn’t used to good surprises, or that people did something to cheer him up selflessly, and it made him sad and furious at the same time. Confused about the sudden rage of his emotions, he opened the beer bottles and gave everyone their first round. Castiel sat down at the table next to Jo, accepting the bottle Dean handed to him. For a second, their fingers touched, and they beheld each other. Dean felt lightheaded when he drowned in Castiel’s fond glance, the tiny smirk on his mouth as he studied Dean, a knowing expression in his eyes. He continued feeling the soft skin of Castiel’s fingers on his, even if they had only touched fleetingly, and for a good while, Dean couldn’t help but blush, knowing his cheeks were heated and red.
Castiel leaned back in his chair, his hands lying in his lap, and closed his eyes while he listened to them all. Pleasure was written all over his clean-cut face. Dean marveled at his slackened features, how relaxed and comfortable he seemed. How peaceful. It filled Dean with savage affection for the other man. He felt a bittersweet pull at his heartstrings, realizing that Castiel was getting better day by day, and how glad it made Dean. While he continued singing and playing, he beheld Castiel, nothing but satisfied to see him like this.
„Seems like you wore me out well,” Cas said, then winked at Dean. It made Dean smile stupidly happy.
"I can always try", he argued, then he squeaked in surprise when Dean stuck out his tongue and pinched his buttcheek playfully.
Castiel turned his head and gave Dean an honest, sweet smile. "Then don't", he stated simply, making Dean smirk. There was something in the air, the attraction between them was almost palpable. Dean felt a strange weightlessness inside his chest, smiling to himself at the thought of Castiel's lovely smile. The feeling continued during the following three-quarters of an hour, though they didn't speak about themselves. They were doing sit-ups, lifted weights with their arms and strengthened the muscles of their backs as they lay on their stomachs. Once more, Dean felt exhausted beyond imagination. His whole body burnt and trembled, he was wonderfully spent and the endorphins, developed through their work-out, made Dean light-headed and grin happily. They were both sweaty, and Dean was marveling at the beads of sweat clinging to Castiel's forehead, or how dark his strands of hair had become due to the perspiration.
„Hmm,” Dean just grumbled stupidly, feeling the wonderful softness of the couch underneath his back. He heard the movement of a chess figure on the board.
„That’s the price you pay for your high salary, Cassie,” Jo said and got up.
"We should call Bobby and ask him if he knows something. And I agree, we should get out of here as quickly as we can. I'm not too fond of demons either, and I don't need to see them beating the shit out of you. But... uhm... Dean, you know what that means, right? You've got to say goodbye to Castiel. We will stay as long as possible for you to heal up, I'm just saying you should prepare to end this asap. Okay?"
“You call this love foolish? What have our lives been but foolish, Dean? All this bloodshed, the killings…” His voice broke and he looked down and closed his eyes, overwhelmed by his sudden outburst.
„Aaron’s really missing out on something,” Dean said to himself as he worshipped the wonderful sight in front of him, not really minding he had said it aloud. Castiel blushed brightly and scratched the back of his head abashedly. Dean could have kissed him right there and then; he was so beautiful and his behavior so endearing.
“You’re wrong,” he insisted, “you never had to let me go, because I was never yours. I don’t belong to you, Aaron.”
“Damn right.” He grinned; then he stepped out of the car and rushed away, deep into the night, where he was hidden from the guards’ watchful eyes.
"Like I said,... my dad was of no use after my mom's death, and it had been Sammy's dream to become a lawyer...", he explained, hesitantly licking his bottom lip. His eyes met Castiel's again and ease seemed to return to Dean, because his smile became honest, regardless of how small it had become by now.
“Trust me, I know. When life is crappy, it will usually continue to be crappy for a long, long time. But then it does get better some day, and before you notice, you’re on your feet again,” Dean insisted.
conciliation hearings today, so I’m pretty knackered.”
“Very much
„You might have another chance tomorrow night, Cassie,” Jo said cryptically. Dean regarded her with a frown.
They had lunch together and sat around the kitchen table comfortably; Dean received a lot of praises from Bobby and Castiel for his meal. The radio was playing quietly in the background as they feasted on their French fries and burgers, munching with gusto. Dean couldn’t tear his eyes away from Cas, watching him silently. After his short stroll all by himself, he seemed calmer now, more composed. But he was awfully taciturn today. Bobby noticed it too and gave Castiel a scrutinizing stern look.
At the mention of Mary, Zachariah lost his composure. Mad as hell, he planted himself in front of John, looked down at him. His face turned red with commotion.
“I think your mom just said Hi.”
Dean smirked – Cas already knew him so well. Cas was right though. His head was pounding viciously, his temples felt as if a drilling machine wanted to enter and break his skull, but at least the nausea and dizziness had lessened. He felt sleepy again, yawned heartily. Maybe it was better if he hit the pillow again.
Despite all the care taken they couldn't withstand touching the other man; Dean's hands groped Castiel's shoulders, back and firm, round butt unabashedly, and Castiel's fingers stroked Dean's sides and hips slowly, torturously. They were as closely compressed as physically possible, and their restrained caresses and touches weren't as chaste as needed. It took a while until they managed to get rid of their erections; they kissed less but stroked each other instead – however, whenever their lips collided, the fire and passion were instantly rekindled. Dean couldn't remember having felt this way before, as he clung to Castiel's body and enjoyed his little, tender fondlings. It felt as if he was burning alive, like some beast tore his chest up – and yet it felt so good, so perfect... Usually it had never been complicated – when he wanted sex, he normally found a willing partner, they got on with it and then the whole show was over. With Castiel, things were different, absurdly different even. He was content do accept what Castiel was willing to give him and to return as much; for the first time ever Dean had found someone who didn't go to bed with him instantly, and he was ready to
“You really are the worst, Winchester. Can’t you stand seeing me sitting here in peace for five minutes?”
“Well, kind of you to visit me, appreciate it. Yeah, you’re right. That was, ugh… Marcy Ward. The new neighbor I told you about the other day.”
Dean looked up into his face, a calm expression mingled with a rather nervous one, and Castiel felt how he could only reply with a feisty, resolute glance. Everything inside of him screamed for Dean, he wanted him, he needed him, and he was going to claim him. He let one of his hands cup Dean's face, and he watched Dean's lids flutter and close when he let his thumb stroke over Dean's plump bottom lip, then his forefinger idly caressed Dean's jaw. He could feel the stubbly skin underneath his fingertips, and the sensuality written all over Dean's face struck Castiel hard. His hand slid down to Dean's throat, ghosted over his Adam's apple, and Castiel found he couldn't restrain himself any longer – a soft moan escaped Dean's lips, and he looked so admirable, so seductive, that Castiel had to bend forward and kiss him furiously.
“You always will be. And if you need someone to talk to, you got my number.”
"Well, that nurse was brutal, am I right?", he said with a smile and looked up into Dean's eyes. Dean smiled too and observed how Castiel opened the caps of the syringes.
"You will call every day, you hear me? Every fucking day. And if you get one damn scratch into the car, I'll behead you. Is that clear?"
tainted, you are the most self-sacrificing person I have ever known, and I'm goddamn proud of you... and I guess Castiel sees something in you to what you're oblivious to. Just ask him, and I bet he can spend a whole evening telling you why he adores you", John calmed his son, and Castiel smiled a little bit. His whole body was soaked through with the rain, which fell severely now, and he trembled with nervousness, as he decided it was high time to deliver Dean from his pain. So he took the last few steps separating them and walked into the light of the building, and he smiled when Dean and John startled and turned around to him.
After five days had passed, Gabriel surprised Castiel with an unannounced visit. He could hear Gabriel downstairs talking to Naomi and Zachariah. He turned on his charm, as per usual, and made Naomi laugh. They talked for a few minutes, Zachariah’s baritone droning downstairs. Castiel perked up his ears when he thought he had heard his name. He couldn’t understand their words but knew they were talking about him. Pensively, he worried his bottom lip between his teeth, guessing what had brought Gabriel here. Castiel was supposed to leave the city this week to accept priesthood in the church of a small-town nearby. They were probably already expecting him. He frowned unhappily. How was he supposed to do that? Continue with the life planned for him - the path his parents had chosen for him - after all that had happened? After meeting Dean had changed him, his whole world? With a heavy-hearted sigh, he sat down on his bed, hid his face behind his palms. He couldn’t imagine this life for him anymore, it wasn’t what he wanted. But he couldn’t defy his parents so easily – the Capulets powerful. Deep down, Castiel knew they would rather kill him than allow him to spoil their plans, to bring so-called “dishonor” to their family.
His head was dizzy, images of the last minutes grasped him over and over again. Castiel felt as if he was in a state of shock, too overpowered with the experience he had just made. Dean's drunkenness and the exhaustion of his activities must have been probably enough to let him fall asleep several minutes later, with Castiel still on top of him. Castiel sucked in each soft breath Dean made, hypnotised by the beautiful lulling sound. He perceived Dean's sleepy warmth made him tired as well, and he couldn't convince himself to struggle out of his lax embrace, so he allowed himself to take a nap also. They had the whole night for themselves and no one was going to bother them.
„Are you sure this is a good idea, buddy?” he asked, wanting to make sure Castiel really knew what he was doing.
He inhaled the fresh air and looked around the place, thinking it was well-kept, kind of appealing. The surrounding maple trees were an explosion of colors, their leaves plunged into red, yellow, brown, and orange. Autumn had come, blowing all the leaves from the branches. Dark clouds hung in the sky, and when Castiel watched them fly by quickly, the wind ruffled his dark hair. It felt like cold fingers brushing through his hair, and he shivered, wrapped his beige trench coat closer around his body. He took a deep breath, fought against the uprising nervousness within him, and stepped into the building, which he had called “home” in the past.
"Mister Winchester?", the doctor asked carefully, as the silence in the room lingered for too long. Dean met his eyes again and tried to smile, though tears of anger were welling in his eyes. He gritted his teeth and nodded, brushing the tears of frustration briskly away with the back of his hand.
? Do you have gotten used to me already huh?"
"On the house, agent", he fluted and Castiel scoffed, an incredulous chuckle escaped him. He downed the drink in one swig, and relief traveled through his system when the burning sensation revived him from head to toe. Gabe would kill him if he ever got one whiff of him being here, all alone on top of that. He harrumphed and was about to order another double, when Alastair bent forward, his arms resting on the counter, so that he was dangerously close to Castiel. Their eyes met and Castiel observed the gloomy expression in those dark wells of his eyes as they beheld Castiel thoughtfully.
Hey guys - awfully quiet in here :-( I was a bit disappointed about the lack of feedback on the last chapter, because I struggled with it for 2 weeks, but oh well :-) I guess it's holiday season and maybe some of you are still catching up on the 10k? Well, even so! :-) Here is a new chapter hahahaha... *spamming you with new content* - btw, I'm very proud about the chapter title I came up with, because I think it also applies to 2020 perfectly hahaha...
"You're as dumb as I hoped you would be," Dean commented, laughing lightly when he heard the demon growl. He had nothing to be afraid of now; this was routine. He would save Castiel and get rid of that son of a gun – and even though he hated to prolong this for Castiel, he would ask the demon a couple of questions. He left the monster in front of his opened window, feeling the ugly black eyes resting on his every move – Dean reached for his duffel bag underneath his bed and produced all the things he deemed necessary: Holy water and the notebook with exorcisms he couldn't memorize. It was a little difficult to hobble back to the windowsill without his crutches, and he thought he caught the demon scoff at him. However, when Dean stopped in front of the window and untwisted the bottle of holy water, the demon's ugly smile faded entirely.
They were kissing and holding on to each other clumsily while they removed their shoes and shirts, and they chuckled whenever one of them bumped into something or stumbled. Castiel felt the adrenaline pumping through his veins, they were both taken by the frenzy of their reunion. Finally, they entered Dean's bedroom, and Castiel let go of Dean, when he saw something out of the corner of his eyes. Perplexed he watched the drawings, which stuck all over the wall next to Dean's bed. He heard Dean's breathing falter beside him, and Castiel's whole body stiffened as he regarded the drawings.
Dean started shaking his hips, moving to the rhythm with a cheeky grin. He was
It was a completely confusing emotion, a once-in-a-lifetime experience, to give their adopted son the tour through their own house, Dean and Cas going first, Jack’s quiet, slow footfalls constantly behind them. They started on the first floor obviously.
“Let them wait for a few more hours, I don’t care. Please, can we just leave here and go to bed? I’m so tired.”
Unfortunately, more worldly matters surpassed their pent-up passion and they had to restrain themselves for a wee bit. First, Castiel made Dean call the rehab-center to explain his absence; of course Dean told them a lie, that he was staying with his relatives for the weekend, and they bought it without hesitation. Then their hunger overruled their fervor and they retreated to the living room – they huddled up against one another on the comfortable sofa and ate delicious slices of pizza while they watched stupid daytime TV. Dean didn't object when Castiel got up and inserted a DVD; minutes later, they were half-heartedly watching "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas", munching their food with pleasure. Dean had seen the movie at least five times in his life, and he assumed everybody else had seen it uncountable times as well, so it didn't feel weird to talk most of the time, and to keep still when funny parts killed their conversation momentarily and distracted them.
"See you tonight," Castiel had whispered against his agape mouth, the tip of his tongue ghosting over Dean's bottom lip. Dean didn't know whether Castiel knew what he was doing to him, if he knew how Dean was thinking about this damn possessive, challenging look he had given him – all day long the memory of these ablaze, passionate eyes lingered in Dean's mind, the prickling in his lower abdomen didn't stop. Sometimes, he felt his cock twitch excitedly in his jeans, especially when Dean arrived at the decision he would execute the plan that had formed in his head within the last days.
Dean sighed, kneading his temples. He was getting a headache. People in toxic relationships, always a nice drama to be surrounded with. He laughed a little when he thought about what Bobby had said. Unbelievable.
When they reached Dean's room and when Castiel shut the door behind them silently, Dean was glad to understand Castiel wasn't leaving him straight away. Dean sat down on his bed with a groan and placed the crutches aside – he would have to get changed soon, unless he wanted to fall asleep in his wet bathing trunks; the bath robe was already dank, but at the moment, he couldn't care less about it. His limbs felt heavy, his body worn out, and he was glad he wasn't freezing anymore. The warm bedsheets seductively near at hand, Dean had half a mind to lie down properly. Only the bedside lamp brought some light into the surrounding darkness. Dean was hypnotized when he saw the light beams refract in Castiel's dilated eyes, as the dark-haired man walked up to him, looking enchantingly beautiful.
"We don't have to do this, Dean," Castiel mumbled, his lips barely grazing Dean's, their eyes glued to one another. Dean breathed in sharply, overcome with another surge of pleasure washing over him. He felt his cock twitch in gleeful anticipation, subconsciously he spread his legs further for Castiel. The decision was made when he placed his arms around Castiel's waist and pulled him down, forcing him to let their bodies collide at last. He moaned in delight when their heated, hard cocks were squished together, when he felt the fast pace of Castiel's blood throb against his erection. The dark-haired man's moist, warm breaths breezed against Dean's sensitive throat. His lids closed by themselves when Castiel kissed his neck gently. Hands traced down Dean's lean sides. He felt hot exhales in his ear, how Castiel's plump lips brushed over his auricle. As if by magic, Dean relaxed, handing over control to Castiel without a second thought as his partner whispered into his ear. Goosebumps spread on Dean's skin.
“Are you okay? What’s wrong?” Castiel cooed, concern clearly showing in his eyes. Dean shook his head, getting rid of the demons trying to capture him. He was safe. This was okay. He wasn’t in danger of getting hurt again. Or was he? Gently, he placed a hand on one of Cas’ still resting on his shoulder. He squeezed it appreciatively and gave Castiel a heartfelt smile.
"What?", he grumbled irritated, and Gabe let out a hearty laugh.
"You may not have, perchance, a few bucks for a cab? I have fifteen dollars and eighty-three cents," the stranger said with an innocent, hopeful mien that made something tear at Dean's heart. He screwed up his nose dissatisfied.
Dean closed his eyes when Castiel brought one hand up and stroked through his hair slowly, lovingly. He leaned into the intimate touch, cherished the sensation of Castiel’s tenderness. Within him, his heart was going on a rampage – afraid to get hurt again, thrilled to love and be loved again. He felt torn, wanted to kiss Cas, wanted to run away from him.
The speeches were long and embarrassing, yet sometimes also funny, and there were intermissions, in which the university’s school bands performed several songs for the audience. Dean barely listened, neither to the speakers nor the mediocre band, and he was already half dozing off when there was one orator, who suddenly caught his attention fully. The principal of the law school, an elderly and chubby, white-haired man, introduced the orator.
It scared Dean, how easily he lost every sensible thought whenever he kissed Castiel's compliant, plump lips. What were they even doing? He knew he shouldn't kiss Castiel, he knew he shouldn't exchange these frantic fondlings with him – there were enough reasons for Dean to stay away from Castiel, as far as he possibly could. Dean knew all of that, and still he couldn't make himself care. It simply felt too good to be touched and possessed by the other man, to feel the same ecstatic lust boiling between them, mirrored in every movement.
“All I know is how I feel about you, Dean, and that I don’t wanna let this go,” Cas whispered into Dean’s shoulder, his voice choked with emotions. Dean frowned with sympathy, then leaned his head against Castiel’s. He didn’t know what to reply to this, felt as if all his thoughts had suddenly been muted. His brain was just a static blur, and he couldn’t utter a single thing, even though the words were resting on the tip of his tongue. His heart was lulled into a deep, content sleep, pounding safely and steadily with every breath he and Cas took together. For a while, they just stood like this, tightly embracing one another, as the velvety blue of the night intensified all around them. The wind kept softly stroking through the cornfields, making them sway ever so slightly. And for a few glorious moments, Dean felt as if time had come to a halt, as if he and Cas had been given a little personal bubble of eternity to enjoy.
Zest glowed beautifully in Castiel’s eyes, the smile on his kissable, pink lips seemed to last forever. He let Dean pull him up, then regarded him with a wary glance as Dean produced the key from his back pockets.
Castiel smiled and put his beer bottle down on the table again. It didn’t matter what he or Dean were saying, Dean thought, he was already too gone for Castiel, and his mind couldn’t think straight. He just wanted him, was craving for him, and everything else was time-consuming nonsense. Castiel must have thought the same, for when he turned his body once more to Dean, Dean felt two strong hands on his hips, gripping them tightly. Dean’s heart somersaulted, and his breathing faltered, as he stared at Castiel devouring him with dark blue eyes, their look intent and heavy with meaning.
to Castiel, the idea making him speechless.
He stripped off his shoes and sockets while he listened to the dialling tone at the other end, a queasy feeling awakening inside his stomach. What if Dean didn't want to talk to him? What if he was disturbing him at something important? Maybe he hadn't finished his work for today and Castiel was calling him in the middle of a job. Castiel was about to hang up, but then Dean picked up the phone with a rushed voice, and Castiel failed to let the tiny smile tug at the corner of his mouth.
“You know – I’ve been feeling like shit for months. Even before I came to you back then. I’ve been grieving and bawling my eyes out all the time, and…in the last months, I don’t know, I kind of stopped doing that. First, I just felt empty, as if I couldn’t feel anything anymore, not even the good stuff. But then… I realized I just don’t want to feel miserable all the time. As if I had to put an end to all these bad days and weeks in a row. I wanted to
Dean shook his head, squeezed Castiel’s hand lightly. Despite his immense intellect, Cas was really stupid sometimes.
Aaron smiled at him, gave him a long, evaluating look.
He felt hot and rock-hard in Castiel's fist, and he loved the agonized moans and sighs, which fell from Dean's mouth as Castiel's thumb glided over the sensitive slit and spread the bead of precome. He decided to tone down Dean's sensual noises, because the driver's window pane was still rolled down, so he kissed him fervently and allowed Dean's tongue to slip between his lips. He adored every moan, which vibrated against his sensitive mouth, and how Dean started to writhe and tremble underneath him as he jerked him off sensually. Their eyes opened and their mouths separated, and Dean's glance was glued to Castiel's, as he unraveled his lover determinately. Dean's breathing hitched and stumbled, and Castiel felt how he uplifted his pelvis in small rotating moves, and how he pushed himself into Castiel's tight fist greedily. It was incredibly erotic to Castiel, as he saw how a blush painted Dean's cheeks and how his eyes rolled into the back of his head as he came hard in Castiel's hand. He moaned and trembled as the waves of his orgasm overran him, and Castiel stroked him through his orgasm, fulfilled with absolute satisfaction. The smile Dean gave him once he had come down was meek, and Castiel chuckled amusedly as his forehead fell against Dean's and Dean's arm came around his back and held him tightly.
"Hm, I'd love to," Castiel responded, rubbing his groin against Dean's. Dean moaned sensually. His eyes accidentally fixed on the slogan of the installed bus shelter: "Heat powered by you". He stifled a grin and thanked the cold night and his misfortune, as well as the company's cleverness. Otherwise he and Castiel might have never collided, the way they did just now.
“Listen, you son of a bitch," Dean growled into the phone. His voice was alarmingly low and threatening, and he made sure to put all the malice he felt into his words. “You’re lucky Cas is not pressing charges. You leave Cas alone if he tells you so. You will not call again. And if you do, you got a storm coming for you, got it?”
Castiel had come breathtakingly closer, Dean felt his hot breaths hovering so very near to his own lips, fanning against him over and over again. He was gravitating towards him, just a tilt of his head, just a laughable raising of his head, and they could kiss each other hard and unforgivingly again. Instead, he looked up and withstood Castiel's gaze with a steady, firm glance. It hurt him to see his red-rimmed eyes, how the dark-haired man was about to cry too. Dean was to blame for all of this, he knew that perfectly. Whatsoever, he had to finish what he had started.
And then Castiel turned around to him, smiling happily from ear to ear and slowly blinking at Dean kindly. Dean felt short of breath, totally dumbstruck. Enraptured, he let that smile envelop him, encompassing him like a warm duvet, dispelling all his doubts and persistent worries. Castiel's smile even widened when Dean felt his own mouth twitch and offer a hesitant, shy smile back.
Dean let out an amorous long sigh when he read Cas’ reply. He felt stupidly in love, giddy with pleasure.
Dean felt a surge of enthralling, sexual appetite swash over him as Castiel's hand slid under his slacks and obviously encircled his aroused length. Dean saw he was squeezing his member, and his lids were so burdened with lust, he could only regard Dean through narrowed slits. His mouth was opened to a silent "oh", his lips were trembling with suppressed want as he fondled his dick carefully. Ragged breaths fled repeatedly from those sinful lips. Dean sensed his own dick reacted fiercely to the given display, hot blood pumped through his veins and hardened him rigorously as he kept kneeling next to Castiel. His lover looked down and smiled peacefully when he recognized Dean's jeans tenting uncomfortably due to his erection. He stopped touching himself and grabbed Dean by the shoulders resolutely, bringing him nearer. Their heated, wet breaths collided and Dean moaned quietly, wanting nothing more than to merge with Castiel once more.
“You mean the guy, who believes he’s the reincarnation of the devil, the one who killed his own wife?”
Dean couldn’t believe what he was hearing, all the darkness Castiel had been harboring finally seeing the light of day. Cas had lost his marbles, that much was certain. Before he could continue talking more nonsense, Dean grabbed his face with both hands and made him look at him. Wide-eyed Castiel stared at him, his mouth agape, blatant worry and anguish lingering in his deep blue eyes. Tears of despair were welling there – just to see him in so much pain formed a big, aching lump in Dean’s throat, making it hard to breathe. He could hardly stand seeing Cas this way. Didn’t he understand how much Dean loved him? That he would do anything for him? That he didn’t want anyone else?
"I need to ask you something", Dean hears himself say quietly, and Castiel nods languidly. Dean can't take his eyes off the soft pink lips, slightly agape, nor the pale pretty face and the eyes fluttering behind shut lids.
I know the chapter is ridiculously sappy, fluffy and romantic, but I don't really care, I wanted it, so I wrote it.
Yiruma "River flows in you" (chapter 30)
"You won't. Okay? Not as long as I am around. Whatever it is, we'll figure it out."
“I’m… I’m sorry, I didn’t,” he stuttered, as if he had done something wrong.
"You're the first person I kissed in years...", Dean admitted quietly. Castiel's heart skipped several beats, his composure quickly faded away, his jaw dropped. He remembered their first kiss perfectly in every detail, and to think this had been the first kiss for Dean in years made it so heavy with meaning that Castiel became light-headed. He knew what this meant, what this implied, and he could detect in Dean's eyes that he was thinking the same thing. Though it was unspoken, the heated atmosphere between them and the long stares they shared said enough. The waitress startled them out of their thoughts and brought them their dishes. They disengaged their hands to make room on the table. As soon as the waitress was gone Castiel smiled tenderly at Dean.
When he looked at Bobby again, he realized Bobby was frozen on the spot, looking as if someone had caught him red-handed. Dean followed Bobby’s eyes, to where he was looking, and turned around on his chair to find Castiel standing in the doorway. Damn it. He must have heard some snippets of their conversation. Dean regarded him with an agape mouth, feeling nothing but stupidly embarrassed. Castiel was wearing black suit pants, a white button-down shirt and a baby blue tie, which was really bringing out his eyes. Well, one of his eyes. The other was still pretty swollen. Overall, Castiel appeared sickly pale. His cheek looked a little better today, but there were ugly bruises and swellings everywhere – in all the colors of the rainbow. When their eyes met, Castiel started smiling tiredly at Dean. He was surprised to find no rage in Castiel’s features, how indifferent he seemed to Dean and Bobby talking about him. Indeed, he just walked up to them to the kitchen table, as if nothing had happened.
"You have no idea how much I appreciate this," Castiel whispered affectionately, stroking the bare skin of Dean's hip fondly. It was the last thing Dean sensed, then his consciousness left him and he crashed out.
It didn’t take long, and their initial stupor faded and they mingled with the frolicsome crowd. With boyish glee, Dean watched a group of women flirting with Sammy at the bar, obviously interested in him, and how flustered this made his younger brother. Seeking help, Sam turned his head to him, but Dean just gave him a wide grin and wandered off; he hoped Sam would loosen up for once and have some fun. Benny was already having plenty of said fun, for he was dancing with a busty brunette who was also wearing a pirate costume – seemed as if Benny had found his match. He briefly waved at Dean, then returned his attention to her.
And even though Castiel seemed to have calmed down as if yesterday hadn’t happened at all, Dean couldn’t get it out of his head: He remembered the shock in Castiel’s blue eyes vividly, how intimidated he had looked just at the mere thought of Aaron so close to him again. As far as Dean knew, Castiel hadn’t heard from Aaron in all these years – so why would he show up now? It didn’t make sense. Nevertheless, Dean decided to double-check it. At work, he ran the police’s database for any Aarons living in Sioux Falls – he had never gotten to know his last name, it had never seemed important to know or to ask Castiel about it – so he got, of course, hundreds of results. Apparently, a lot of “Aarons” lived in Sioux Falls. But when he narrowed the search down to the district he remembered where Aaron had his house, the results lessened noticeably. Then he spotted the street he and Castiel had paid a visit to all these years ago, and he suddenly remembered that this was the street where Aaron lived. Dean bit on his bottom lip pensively as he realized that Aaron was indeed still living in Sioux Falls, in the same house. He had a queasy feeling about it. That meant that there was the slightest possibility Cas wasn’t seeing ghosts – the slightest possibility that Aaron was still a threat to his partner.
Cas turned around to him then, his head supported on one propped up hand. He smiled mystically at Dean, his eyes radiating with the love he felt for him.
life? What do you think will await me when I stay here, Dean? What magnificent, incredible things? I will probably die of boredom and loneliness and worries about you! What if something happens to you and I'll never get wind of it? I'd be worried sick!"
Castiel forces himself to leave the room, and he meets Sam and Dean with a "good morning", but Dean doesn't greet him, does not even look at him, and Castiel freezes on the spot. Dean's coldness and silence cut through Castiel like a sharp cruel knife, it feels worse than the wounds he had received yesterday. He cannot believe this is the Dean who prayed to him so fervently, who vowed so many stunning things to him, who practically begged him to return. This Dean shows no emotions towards him, no fondness at all, and Castiel feels ill – he wants to leave, but decides to at least try to work this out. So he apologizes to Dean, but their conversation quickly drifts to an actual argument, and Castiel perceives Dean's boiling wrath directed at him.
Castiel must have made a noise when he had shuffled with his shoes, unaware of the motion that had escaped his edgy body, and Dean turned around in surprise. His jaw dropped and his eyes widened quite staggered when his green eyes got a hold of Castiel, standing somewhat awkwardly in the room with a shy smile. Castiel saw even from the distance that Dean's look was a bit unfocussed, and he was swaying heavily. Out of the corner of his eyes Castiel detected the bottle of whiskey, whose remnants resembled only a tiny brown puddle. The dazed smile that crept over Dean's features slowly made Castiel understand Dean was very drunk. A part of him reasoned with him to go and leave him alone, he seemed already worn out and Castiel should just be glad he could give him the chance to take a night off – but then Dean walked to him with unsteady steps and his smile was so joyful and honest, reaching the bright gleam of his clear green eyes, that Castiel couldn't move one inch.
The evening ended the way Castiel had assumed it would – he finished his second bottle of beer, then Gabe chatted up a hot redhead in a blue corset, and a few minutes later both of them left Castiel alone at the bar. Gabe had told him not to wait on him, and Castiel had no intentions of staying in this place longer than necessary, so he gathered his coat to leave. When he walked through the lounge he saw the mysterious man again, though, standing near the entrance as Castiel was making his way out. He tried to act nonchalantly, he even tried to ignore the man and NOT look at him, but found it a too difficult task. Slowly he let his eyes catch the man's, and again he couldn't help feel frozen on the spot when he saw the man returning the look steadily.
The ghost of a smile appeared on Dean's lips hesitantly, and his eyes beheld Castiel with a tender expression, and Castiel enjoyed every second he could observe Dean's beautiful face. His heart slammed brutally inside of him, and his cheeks blushed, as he saw Dean approached him, so that their bodies were very close to each other. Dean's fingers slid down to Castiel's cheek, and he cupped it in a worshiping manner; his thumb brushed over the wet skin lovingly, and Castiel became hypersensitive due to this tiny, simple caress. He stiffened as he concentrated on the friction of Dean's thumb against his stubbly skin, while he drowned in his eyes at the same time. How he had ached for Dean's attention, how he had longed for his tenderness, the scent of his body, those eyes resting on his... His heart skipped a beat as he got lost in Dean's stunning features.
All at once, he heard Bobby’s heavy slow footsteps on the stairs approaching. When he turned around, sensing someone looking at him, he saw Bobby leaning against the doorframe, giving him a kind smile. He returned it easily, thinking he would miss the old man. But he was going to return soon. He would take care of Bobby, just the way Bobby had taken care of him whenever his dad had failed him, whenever he had needed him to. Dean was looking forward to his life here in Sioux Falls and Bobby’s company, to be closer to his family again.
Dean grinned as he held open the door for her.
“Tell you what. Why don’t you help me prepare dinner? It will surely keep you from falling asleep. Also, I haven’t figured out yet what to cook judging by our supplies, so maybe you have an idea?” he said with a kind smile. Castiel groaned and rolled his eyes exasperatedly at that, but Dean saw the amused grin on his mouth and the buoyancy in his eyes. Cas regarded him with a smirk.
"What the hell happened back there? And what is a hell's gate? I think we're deep in the shit, and we need to figure this out before more demons find us. As you've heard, they have an itch for you, not so much me. Makes me the most wanted on Hell's list, I guess," Dean said, trying to put some humor into their rather gloomy looking situation. Sam beheld him with what Dean thought was a puppy dog look, and he knew his brother would burst out into some emotional speech any second now.
His head was still swimming with all these thoughts, when he made his way to the cafeteria a few hours later. He sat down on a table, which provided place for four, then he let his eyes wander through the spacious hall. There were mostly elderly patients in here, some of them were not only physically but also mentally handicapped, making Dean humble and gracious that he wasn't as damaged as them. He realized every person received the same dish, which was brought to each table by the staff. He was relieved, because he had pondered about the impossible ways of carrying a tray and trying to walk with one injured leg for far too long, wracking his brain in doing so. He was startled out of his musings when two persons took their seats next and opposite to him.
“Are you in the mood now?”
„Then why the hell are you still reading the book if you don’t like it?”
"Yeah, I made sure of that. You sucked."
They ended up sitting in Castiel's car, parked in front of Dean's apartment complex, talking for several quarter-hours. None of them wanted the evening to end, and Castiel was swearing inwardly that he had to get up early tomorrow, recognizing out of the corner of his eye that the car's clock was already wandering to 1 a.m.. They were babbling about various topics, ranging from books they had read or bands and movies they liked, and Castiel was growing fond of the hearty laughter he provoked when he told Dean he liked Twisted Sister and hair-metal in general, defending his taste by reciting some of their songs' lyrics. Dean, in his stead, made Castiel cry tears with laughter when he confessed his fear of flying and how he had puked three times during an interstate flight that took only two hours.
Sam and Jess helped Dean and Cas count the money, while everyone else continued having a good time, dancing, drinking, and eating. Dean couldn’t wipe the stupid happy grin from his mouth, neither could Cas. They were riding on the wave of their high, it was like a never-ending rapture, after all the adrenaline from their performance left their bodies, dopamine taking over their brains. All of them were baffled with the generosity the crowd had shown tonight when they gathered the sum of all donations – they had collected nearly 2300 dollars.
"Cas? Are you coming?" he called, and then Castiel walked through the door with moderate steps, looking around shyly.
He barely paid attention to the commotion in the background – people shouting and chattering flustered, somebody calling for the police – but he heard the surprised moan of the crowd when he took a step closer until Anna’s gun touched the delicate skin of his forehead. He felt the cold metal of the deadly weapon on his warm skin, felt how it sobered him with clarity. He had to try, for Cas. He had to make her understand.
He sat down and booted his computer. There were already a few documents lying on his desk, all of them bearing the impress of "IMPORTANT" and "CONFIDENTIAL", most probably from their boss, and he thumbed through them quickly. The usual frown of his returned to his forehead when he realized there were some urgent things they had to finish today. Sometimes he thought his job was a joke. It was nothing like "The X-Files" or the crime series being on TV. In real life he travelled considerably less than shown on TV, there were less murders and less (well, obviously "no") aliens – and there certainly was less sexual intercourse than fictionally portrayed. Mostly, being an FBI agent was not so much different from being a cop (except that you had more privileges and a higher salary) – you had to make your patrols, interview witnesses – and unfortunately you had to do the alphabetical filing stuff as well.
„All right, I give up for tonight,“ Bobby said.
"Hm, when I was little, I liked to play baseball. And during high school I was interested in playing accoustic guitar, that was kind of
"On top of that, I think his new girlfriend Kali would scratch out his and my eyes or anybody else's eyes if someone was stupid enough to approach Gabe. She's quite a fury", he chuckled. Dean sat up and the light returned to his eyes; in the velvety darkness it was difficult to be sure, but Castiel thought he saw a faint blush tinting Dean's cheeks, and the way he ruffled a hand through his hair and looked down appeared so awfully shy and sheepish to Castiel that, yeah, he was certain Dean had been jealous, and that he was deeply ashamed about it. He laughed again and put one arm around Dean's waist; he leant towards him and nuzzled his nape, breathing tender kisses against the sensitive skin. In a heartbeat he felt Dean relax against him and his arms embraced him in return.
„So… what will you sing for us tonight? Do you have any song in mind already?” Castiel asked, giving Dean a roguish smirk paired with a quick side glance. Dean squinted at him threateningly. Cas, that son of a bitch, was
trying to hide what was going on inside of him concerning Castiel. Bobby wasn’t born yesterday and it took a whole lot more to fool him – and since Dean wasn’t someone who lied, he therefore sucked at lying, and the facts were pretty much all on the table. Dean didn’t even have to tell Bobby, Bobby
„What?” she said defensively. „I wanna get you drunk. Surprise, surprise,” she grinned like the devil. Castiel sighed, then pursed his lips to a sulky pout. It was the cutest thing Dean had seen in a good while. He bit on his bottom lip, stifling the laughter which wanted to escape him.
Hm, I think it's obvious to say the dynamics will change a bit within the next chapters (but don't worry, this story will have a happy ending)... now, what do you say? Still satisfied or slain with my romantic, sappy writing? x)
“Well,” Cas laughed a little, “I’m currently in Wyoming. I wanna see the Rocky Mountains and pay a visit to the Yellowstone National Park. And in the last weeks, well, I saw nothing special. I just crashed in different motels and spent some time outdoors, you know, like some hobo or hippie or something…”
"Or what I would like to do to you?... Oh, there are thousand things I'd like to experience with you..."
“Yeah, and apparently, you’re calling her honey now? What’s going on with you two?”
“You did well, son. I might have given you some advice, but in the end, it was you alone, who managed that. You put yourself back together again. And I know it ain’t easy to lose your partner – you boys both know that I lost my wife, too. But life continues, as hard as that may sound. And it
„Nice, Bobby. Okay, so what’s the deal? What is the program for tonight?” he asked. Bobby frowned at him and with a meaningful look, he opened the fridge. There were several six-packs of cool beer, veggies, and sausages to barbecue and sauces for everything. On the kitchen counter were three fresh plain baguettes, just waiting to be devoured.
Full of spirit Dean splashed some holy water right into the monster's face – he received agonized cries, white smoke soared into the night's air with a sizzling noise. The demon grunted and shook terribly. When he calmed down, he gave Dean the evil eye and wiped over Castiel's wet face, the smugness was erased out of the features he currently abused.
He touched Dean’s thighs with both hands and moved closer so that he could stand in between them. He looked down into Dean’s face raised to his. With caution, he framed Dean’s wounded cheek, felt him wince with pain. Smiling sadly, he let his hand fall again. Then he couldn’t hold back any longer, leaned forward, and kissed Dean, his eyes closing.
Dean’s smile turned wistful, his sympathy for Castiel blossoming in his heart, weighing heavy on him. Damn it. He wished he could be right where Castiel was, bring him comfort easily. Over the phone, it was always difficult to lend support.
A few hours later, Dean had reconsidered his behavior from this morning. It was lunchtime and his turn to buy, so he walked to the food truck and got them Quesadillas. With the food and two cups of hot coffee, he greeted Benny. They sat down on the wooden bench in front of the car repair shop and had their lunch in amicable silence. The spring’s wind was blowing, toying with their hair, their clothes, and the napkins of their food. It was already warm, but the wind was brisk, as if spring was still in the clutches of the bygone winter. Dean regarded Benny secretly, his heart warming at the sight of Benny happily munching his Quesadillas like a squirrel scarfing nuts.
Suddenly, Dean heard Castiel’s voice below the shed’s roof he was working on.
"Then how about we won't die and just enjoy each other's company for more years?"
Dean smiled at that, but the smile slipped from his mouth as he was overcome when Cas took him completely inside. For a moment, they stilled, trying to catch their breaths. Their eyes met. Dean felt himself pulsating inside of Cas, watched Cas face relax, as nothing but lust flowed through them. Cas reached out his hand, and it found Dean’s, their fingers intertwining intimately, an unspoken confession of their love for the other. Then Cas started moving again, rocked his hips, let Dean glide in and out of him sensually. It was like a fever dream to Dean. Heat throbbed through his veins, made him light-headed. He felt as if he was chasing his breaths, as if his heart was about to explode. Castiel was warm and lithe and oh so tight, squeezed him, made him crave for more and more and more… His blood was droning in his ears. With the hand Castiel wasn’t holding, Dean slowly stroked along Castiel’s pecs, his stomach, down towards his dick. He wrapped his hand around it, starting stroking Castiel lightly, just enough to bring him closer to the edge. Cas eyes swiftly darted to his, a hunted, overpowered look lingering in his dilated pupils. Dean knew that look, had seen it countless times before. Cas was close. His hips moved slower now but with more force, took their time to let Dean glide in and out torturously slow, making both of them moan.
Castiel spent the late evening with horrible, bad television; he couldn't concentrate on anything, but the vague thoughts in his mind overshadowing him like a cloak. While the colorful light touched his pale face, his eyes stared into nothingness, and in his mind's place, he saw Dean. There it was again, his charming smile, his lovely face, his gorgeous green eyes glowing with love. Dean's hand held his, and he thought he could feel the weight of his head as he pillowed it on Castiel's shoulder and snuggled up to him. Though he tried to get rid of those memories, the ghost of Dean was still there, haunting him unstoppably. A sore sentiment thundered through Castiel's torso, and he clutched his aching heart desperately, urging it to stop pumping pain through his veins. This night he took a sleeping pill to let oblivion get the better of him immediately. He couldn't stay awake with more memories of Dean tormenting him; drying tears were staining his cheeks when he lost his consciousness and let sweet oblivion enchant him for a few, merciful hours.
He would've spent his whole money for one entire night, but there were still bills he had to pay. His income as a fed wasn't nearly beggarly on the other hand. He paid the man a hundred bucks and was told that Dean was in his room; one of the bodyguards accompanied Castiel to the room and while they walked in silence through the crowd to the backrooms, Castiel felt even more like a criminal walking to his jail cell. He was guilty with want and need, and the urge to see Dean again – just one more time, he lied to himself, knowing that he possibly couldn't keep it that way.
Castiel finally found the courage to ask Dean specifically about his mother and her cause of death, and Dean spent the better part of the next half hour becoming talkative. His calm voice explained she had died in a fire at night in their old house, that the firemen had thought it must have been a gas explosion. He had only been ten years old and by instinct he had grabbed his younger brother and hauled him outside. He had wanted to go back inside the burning house to save his mother, but a neighbour had prevented him from doing so, hinting at the toxic smoke development that would make him unconscious too. The fire department and rescue forces had rushed in a few minutes later, but it was already too late for his mother. His father had been out with some colleagues and ever since he carried guilt with him, thinking he would have been able to rescue Mary if he had been with his family that night.
They fell asleep soon – the last night had drained all the supplies of their strengths. Apparently they were both too tired to make breakfast and so they drifted off to sleep without having eaten anything today. When Dean woke up around the late afternoon, Castiel was still sleeping soundly next to him. Ease smoothed his features, he looked hauntingly beautiful, unworried. The sun was shining sickeningly warm by now, Dean was slightly sweating. His stomach grumbled sulkily and he got up as quietly as he could, not wanting to disturb Castiel's well-deserved slumber. Silently he trotted to the bathroom and gathered the bundle of his forsaken jeans; he produced his toothbrush and cleaned his teeth (with Castiel's toothpaste, of course – it tasted of sweet mint, and Dean kind of liked that) while he looked at himself in the mirror. Somehow it seemed to him that his appearance had changed for the better. He looked less grim, as if he was permeated with a strange lightness that suited his young age better. Out of the corner of his eye he saw his cell phone sticking out his jeans pocket. A guilty conscience got the better of him: It was high time he called Sam – he hadn't talked to him since the chaos of last night, and he had to tell him what had happened ever since.
“What’s up? Why you’re calling?” Dean thought he could hear Cas’ smile through the phone and it sped up his pulse.
With as much restraint as he could maintain he let his finger slide slowly inside, breaking through the first rim as he felt scorching and
It seemed like forever until they were done with Cas. They had brought him into medical radiology to have a better look at his ribs, turned out, three of them were broken, fortunately, only his left side was afflicted. He had a severe concussion and a broken right hand. When they rolled him out more than two hours later, he was half awake, but pumped full with pain killers. The look in his eyes was hazy, and there was a dopey smirk on his mouth when Dean jogged to his side.
„Hey, can I ask you something?” Dean dared to say, feeling his heart tripling its beat. He knew he was going to risk a lot if he stepped into these deep waters, but his urge to know Castiel even better got a hold of him. He couldn’t suppress this urge any longer.
"God, what did I do to deserve you?", Dean said softly, making Castiel's hair stand on end, and his heart picked up a swift pace, thudding vehemently against his chest. He fiddled with his hair nervously, twisting some strands in between his fingers.
“This love is the only good thing this feud of madness has birthed. I’d rather die than let go of you.”
He swallowed down his anger when the two ended their hushed conversation and as Castiel returned to him, wearing a somewhat exhausted mien when their eyes met. God, he hated himself for being who he was, he hated Karen for liking Castiel, and even more so he hated Castiel, for he was all Dean wanted and longed for and all he could never have. He hated how they remained silent as they sauntered through the park, their pace a little slow thanks to the damn crutches Dean still had to use. The early morning was dewy and misty, the sky was cloudy; scarce, pale rays of silver light struggled through the clouds and rested on them as they walked to Castiel's apartment in silence.
Their eyes met as Dean laced up his one boot, half bent over. He grinned sheepishly at Castiel, who stood in front of him, regarding his bed-hair with a brittle smile.
“And yet I find your lips kissing mine as if I owned them already.”
Dean started his laptop, too, and waited for Cas to come online and video call him. He turned on the bedside lamp. His laptop rang as the videocall came in, and Dean accepted it. A bleary-eyed Cas greeted him, sitting on his motel bed cross-legged. The only light source was also the bedside lamp next to him, and it revealed his red-rimmed eyes, his lashes dark and wet with the tears he had cried. His hair was tousled, he wore a gray t-Shirt, and there was a three-day stubble on his cheeks, making him look rakish. Dean smiled at him through the laptop camera, took pleasure in seeing Cas again, despite the somber reason for their call. He didn’t know what Castiel meant that he looked awful – he looked handsome as always, even more so with his bed-hair and his stubble.
“Some people won’t eat anything they’ve never seen before,” muttered Bobby while he cleaned the kitchen counter. Dean frowned at him. Where did Bobby’s sudden affirmation of religion and its rites come from?
And before Dean knew what was happening, he was telling Charlie all about Castiel and how they had met. Charlie was squealing with glee, encouraging Dean to keep talking, to tell her every detail. Her enthusiasm distracted Dean from his aching pining for Cas, made him feel a little more hopeful as he relived the time with Cas through his narrations. Again, all the miles between him and Cas didn’t seem so severe, more like an inconvenience, which would soon pass. Charlie grew quiet when Dean recounted the last weeks and months without Cas, how they stayed in contact, and how he hoped Cas would return to him soon. She suddenly boxed his shoulder and grinned animatedly at him.
There was a quiet murmur in the church when Castiel and Dean entered. A few churchgoers were sitting or kneeling in the pews, their heads tilted, their fingers intertwined for their prayers. Some fiddled with a rosary and muttered their Hail Mary, some just stared absentmindedly into the air. Near the tabernacle, there was an iron candle holder, in which at least thirty candles were already flickering. Dean watched Castiel plunging his right hand into the holy water stoup near the heavy wooden entrance doors, and how he formed a cross with his hands on his forehead and chest. Dean was utterly mesmerized when he observed the sobriety and wholeheartedness coming to life on Castiel’s mien when he quickly said: “In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit.” When he was done, he turned to Dean with a brittle smile and nodded towards the candle holder at the end of the aisle.
"She died two years ago, of bronchial carcinoma, or, simply put, lung cancer. She had started coughing blood , and that was the first indication that something was wrong. When she had received the diagnose she had told my parents and me that it was already incurable, and metastases had spread all over her body. So it had been not more than weeks or barely two months in the end we could share with her. She moved in with my parents again, and all of us basically dropped everything to spend what little time we had left with her... You should have met her, she was really one of a kind...", Castiel said quietly, and his lips shaped into a smirk and his eyes became dreamy, when distant memories overshadowed him.
Dean let out a breathy, shaky laugh and wiped with the back of his hand over his eyes, then he smiled sweetly at Castiel.
of Montagues? You’re a Capulet!”
„Nah, I’m just being polite, that’s all.”
Finally, Bobby joined them; he filled up his plate and sat down at the table, giving Dean a doubtful look when he examined the pancake snowman that would be his lunch.
Dean dared to smile a little, though it felt out of place, strange, absurd. He turned around to hug Bobby, squeezing the old man with all his heart, whereupon Bobby just patted his back, laughing.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Cas croaked, his voice laced with pain, “you must think I’m being dramatic. I didn’t wanna drag you into my chaos, but here we are…”
He is always one step away, Dean muses, as he washes the blood out of his shirt in the sink. One step too far away, just when Dean tries to approach him, the distance to Cas simply becomes this tiny elusiveness, that makes it impossible for Dean to actually reach him, to get through to him. He sighs when he turns the tap off and towels his hands. He catches a glimpse of his self in the mirror, and for a moment he observes his face – no scratch left, no broken nose bone or bruises on his cheek. Cas has healed the outer damage he'd done, and Dean could pretend it has never happened, but he feels sick, sick to the bone. It pains him to remember what Cas had done today, even though Dean knows now he had been controlled by someone to do this to him.
when Dean approached him again and kissed him so skillfully that he was becoming hard and so soft at the same time. Oh,
He smiled at the phone now, tried to imagine Cas in his bed, wherever he was, staring at his phone, too. Suddenly, all the miles between them seemed like a trifle, and he felt so close to Cas again. As if he just had to turn around and he would be there. He direly hoped his patience would suffice, that he wouldn’t go mad with every day he didn’t see Cas.
"You take care of him, mister, you hear me?" she bantered, and they all chuckled lightly, affected by a thousand exciting emotions rumbling inside of them. Dean rubbed over his neck abashedly, feeling the intense blush creeping on his cheeks. He looked up from underneath his lashes with half-lidded eyes, catching the warmhearted expression gleaming in Castiel's deep blue eyes as he beheld Dean pensively. He absorbed that look greedily, letting it cut straight through his heart and remain there for lonesome nights. Castiel smiled lovingly, blinking slowly at Dean, and Dean knew he would take care of him, in every way imaginable.
“Raphael told me. Don’t worry, it still is a secret. We all know why you do it: Out of compassion, because you can’t see your flock suffer anymore.”
"That doesn't even go together!", Dean exclaimed, copying Castiel's silly behaviour nonetheless. Mostly pleased Castiel observed Dean eating his roll with sticky rice on top of it, shaking his head and making a disgusted face. Soon they were working their way through each dish, more or less having only a few bites of everything so they wouldn't become impossibly stuffed. Castiel couldn't hold back the appreciative moans coming out of him whenever he tried something new, his taste buds bursting with flavors – Dean was indeed a talented cook, and Castiel wanted to bath in those delicious dishes. While they were chewing and testing the meals, their conversation easily thrived, starting with simple topics, like how their week apart had been. Castiel told Dean about the few points of interest he had seen in South Dakota, and Dean raved about Sam's visit and how good it had been to spend some time with him again, because it felt so familiar to be around somebody he had grown up with. Castiel felt something flicker through him at that, a sore pain filling him, when Anna's smile and her earthly eyes reappeared in his mind; he smiled sadly and pushed those thoughts aside, trying to be happy for Dean instead.
His face was grim as he approached them. Dean’s heart started pounding. He feared another escalation. Was the truce over? Would he revenge Anna and Zachariah now? But then Raphael stopped in front of Dean, a wary small smile appeared on his lips. He extended his hand. Not trusting the situation, Dean stared at Raphael as if he had lost his mind. Raphael sighed and his smile gained strength.
Once everything was prepared, it was terribly dark within the house, since all the windows were boarded up. It felt strangely confining to be in the house when you couldn’t look outside. Castiel had noticed Dean’s unease about it – to soothe him, he lit many candles in their living room, brought out Dean’s favorite Western, and fetched two cool bottles of beer. Dean watched him, how he flopped down on their comfortable couch and patted the empty space next to him invitingly. Their eyes met, and Castiel was grinning at him sheepishly – Dean felt his heart flutter, remembered again how much he loved this man.
She was trying to wrap Dean around her little finger and she was about to succeed. Dean considered her offer, not really wanting to make a fool of himself, but partly thinking it was a tempting offer. Also, when he regarded Castiel, he thought the other man could really use all the distraction and fun he could get after what he had been through. Dean sighed, not having come to a decision yet.
“I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean to…” Jack stammered, then he started crying again, sobbing helplessly. Dean felt sorry for him, longed to take him into his arms and comfort him. His poor boy was completely startled and Dean couldn’t do a damn thing to ease his mind.
“Oh god," Castiel whispered, moving his hips experimentally. “Hmmm”, he hummed lowly, uplifting his hips again.
"Please, Cas... Please... get on with it, I... aaahhh", Dean begged, but then Castiel had grabbed his hips and the tip of his cock slid slowly inside his hole, widening it even further as he glided inside torturously slowly, enjoying the moment of the initial tightness. Paralyzed Castiel saw where his body joined Dean's, how his erection vanished inside this tiny hole, gripping him forcefully. For a moment he thought he'd pass out, as he buried himself deeper and deeper in this perfect heat – when he was completely inside Dean, his balls touching Dean's ass, Dean lowered himself and spread his legs, taking Castiel even deeper inside, as deep as possible. God, he was so greedy for Castiel, and Castiel felt slain by his need, too. Dean's insides were jerking against Castiel's erection, clutching him in a violent vice.
“Did you forget something, honey?”
“Don’t mention it, brother.”
“Well, dear me, I thought you would have missed at least little old me,” he quipped, and now an honest smile fled to Dean’s lips. It felt damn good to hear Benny’s voice. He was a good friend and someone who knew Dean from A to Z.
„I… I don’t have anything with me,” he said quietly, hoping Castiel understood what he meant. He heard Castiel’s smile, even without seeing it. There were slender hands in his hair, stroking along his nape, playing with a few strands mindlessly. Dean studied the feeling of happiness growing within him. He hadn’t felt this way in a long, long time. He leaned into the soft, understanding touches of Castiel’s hand, allowed himself to be taken care of, to let somebody make him feel good again.
“Dean? What’s the matter?”
Dean shrugged his shoulders.
"Cas, I can't go on any longer, you must be insane!", he gasped, and Castiel grinned broadly at him.
Lemme know!
And then, Gabriel manhandled Dean and Castiel and made them both take one or two steps closer, and closer, and – boom – at once, they were standing super close to one another. There was only a hand’s width space between them. Dean could only look down into Castiel’s questioning, big eyes, how they looked up to him as if he was in a trance. Dean then smiled a little at him, in a soothing way, he hoped, when Gabriel just took control over their hands and made Castiel lay his hand into Dean’s outstretched palm. It was like an electric shock when their fingers intertwined automatically, fitting together perfectly, as if they had always done this.
“Yeah, probably.”
Confused, Dean stopped and let go of Cas. With the back of his hand, he wiped his mouth, sat back on his calves, and contemplated his lover. Had he done something wrong? By the looks of it, Castiel was doing more than just fine. He was panting, with eyes closed, heavily aroused. A lovely blush tinted his cheeks. Coyly, Castiel opened his eyes at last and regarded Dean, by all means abashed. He smiled gently at him, sought for his hand, and their fingers intertwined. Dean smiled back, moved by the sweet emotion dwelling in Cas’ eyes.
His eyes scanned the setting, he took in the scenery with a dropped jaw. As if in trance, he made towards Dean, uncertainty lingering in his features as their eyes met. He climbed the few marble steps leading to Dean, who reached out a hand and smiled reassuringly at his lover as Castiel took it. The rich candlelight refracted in Castiel's eyes; it made them look like two precious gems that shone through the deepest night. His skin appeared divine, like fine ivory, precisely carved to perfection. Dean wanted to succumb to these plump, pink lips and elicit passionate kisses from them, but he had to sustain a clear mind for a few more, torturous seconds. Tenderly, he wrapped his arms around Castiel's shoulders and took the last step that separated their bodies. Castiel's eyes were burning through his, an intense flame of attentiveness and adoration. A brittle smile darted over his lips as he gradually became fascinated with Dean staring at him.
Castiel smiled with closed eyes, turning his head to kiss Dean’s palm tenderly. For a moment, it was wonderfully silent. The flutter of wings and quacking was in the air, as a flock of wild geese flew over their heads. Dean watched their flight path, the ease of their moving wings, and wished he could feel the same weightlessness. But he was about to crumble under the weight of his sorrows. For a second, he closed his eyes, sought a source of strength, endurance. He listened to the violent throbbing of his heart, felt as if he was going to perish any second now. He was so brittle, this moment so precious, he feared Castiel could be taken away from him in the blink of an eye. At last, he contemplated Castiel again as he suddenly spoke, his voice feeble.
“It sounds a little crazy, I must admit. And you would scare some people shitless talking like that, … but I just think it’s super sweet…" Dean purred against Castiel’s lips. For a moment, Castiel froze, listening to Dean’s words attentively. Then he trustfully shifted his weight against Dean and kissed him with all he had, putting countless butterflies into Dean’s stomach and making his head spin. It took a long time that night until they finally let go of each other and returned to the partying audience in the assembly hall.
“I called 911 immediately. But it was too late. She had internal bleedings, and by the time the medics arrived, she had bled to death in my arms.”
Dean smiled secretly to himself, Cas’ words a blessing to his soul. Just to know that someone was out there, who loved him and desired him, it made Dean feel less alone in the world. He inhaled deeply, clinging to Castiel’s dreamy voice drifting off, painting a picture in Dean’s mind.
It was heady and it made his head spin vehemently as he responded to the untamed, passionate kisses equally. Castiel's lips were as soft and as pliant as fresh petals, their tenderness was quite a contrast to the ardent desire conveyed in his behavior. Greed and fervor made Dean's head swim when he applied pressure to these sinful lips and caressed them with his own. He heard Castiel's erratic breaths, their chopped sounds churned up intense, throbbing heat in Dean's abdomen. Abruptly he pulled back to study Castiel's lust-blown, dark blue eyes and his kiss-swollen, plump lips. A sly smirk came to this sweet mouth as they stood opposed to each other, huffing and puffing frantically.
