Wider: On Sherlock, panting. He urges to check his wound -
JOHN (CONT'D)
Sherlock could’ve stay like that for hours, hiding his tears from the outside world, weeping in silence, blaming himself for everything that has happened. For being so stupid, for swallowing the bait Mary served him, for being so foresightless to not realise that she was about to trick him, for that he couldn’t have predicted that John was not going to let him go by himself this time.
? What is that supposed to mean?“ John frowned, replacing the cotton ball with a new, clear one.
scratched.
“But why would she wait for over a month?“ Mycroft inquired. “Why not going after you since the start? Sherlock, it makes no sense if I have to be honest. Why would she run and hide for weeks if-“
“Unforgivable, I understand.”
Sherlock, she's running away.
Sherlock, looking ashamed, but nods. He steps toward John's bed, sits down on the edge, avoiding John's gaze. Appears to be a little insecure.
Harrington turns red, anger blazing in his eyes but he can't bring himself to say anything. He throws one more resentful look at the manager and stomps off. John suspects they haven't seen the last of him yet.
, Mycroft.“ Sherlock’s own faltering voice sounded alien to him as he spoke. Admitting that he was so weak and lonely, albeit to himself only, was a huge step forward in yet unfathomed direction.
CUT TO:
Seriously?
, but we
“I… am your best friend, am I not?“ he clears his throat, withdrawing his hands from John’s face as if suddenly feeling somewhat guilty for initiating such an intimate contact. His eyes however, never leave John’s.
me, Sherlock, and what else for, if not so you can tell John?“
“Jesus, how-how does any of it matter, Sherlock?” John scowls, failing to comprehend. “It doesn’t matter any more. Nobody cares. I noticed all the scornful looks people were giving me back in the hospital. The moment they look at my face they avert their eyes and walk away, repulsed, no doubt and you know why? Because they find me
Sherlock risked opening his eyes again, what other choice he had, painful as it was. He put his hands on the both sides of his temples, rubbing small circles to sooth the ache. Once it faded away at least a little, he could finally turn to his left and see John, fatigued, smiling a little worryingly at him, but still looking better than Sherlock expected.
MYCROFT
Noticing this, Sherlock looks around, raises both his hands to shush the curious crowd.
He delivers his lines with such genuinely confused expression John can’t help but laugh aloud again.
the position I expected to wake up in.”
Close on Sherlock's gloved hand. Pressing a doorbell.
Close up on Sherlock using his magnifying glass on the floor of the bank vault.
“I didn't marry her,” John responded all of a sudden and to say that Sherlock's heart started to hammer frantically would be an understatement. He blinked and blinked, his mouth hanging open and no matter how brilliant he was, he suddenly found himself completely useless.
CUT TO:
The other nurse, a surly young brunette, is Nurse Ferguson. Unfriendly.
...Shit.
Sherlock fails in his attempt to stay calm. He can’t, not now that he can see the image of John between his legs without even having to look. He rocks his hips almost furiously, his entire body, still sticky from earlier, swaying on the mattress as he thrusts into John’s mouth. John grabs his waist and pulls him even closer, bobbing his head until Sherlock’s cock hits the back of his mouth. Twice, thrice, before Sherlock convulses, howling John’s name loudly, his legs shuddering and skin flushing as hard as if he's been engulfed in fire before he releases inside John’s mouth, coming so much so it obscenely drips down John’s lip and chin and fist. Yet John doesn’t pull back until he cleans him off completely, until Sherlock’s too sensitive cock is flaccid in his hand and Sherlock’s finally breathing less heavily, still moaning but at least not shaking any more.
Sherlock wavered a second before answering. “Mary.“
“Come
? John needs no more persuasion. Not that he needed much, to begin with.
you are, you’ll be willing to forgive me one day. For everything,“ he bowed his head gently.
“That’s because I am focusing on more important things. I told you,
However, the consequences, the realisation of what they both actually admitted to feel, all weighted heavily on him with a ridiculous delay. It wasn’t until days later, now in the moment Sherlock offered him his own bedroom, it wasn’t until now that John’s mind finally clicked. It was a sluggish, tedious process but he had to admit it in the end. They were moving further, in yet undiscovered direction. The mere possibility turned John’s brain into mush. He tried to put the rest of the puzzle pieces together, but soon Sherlock’s voice once again pulled him out of this sort of emotional trance.
Finally, he exhales, a deep long sigh. Sherlock seems to be regretting what he said.
SHERLOCK
John chuckled softly. “Well, I am not sure I’d feel particularly comfortable sleeping in
Silence. Sherlock pouts.
You'd take it?
It takes John a few moments to make a move. The smirk is suddenly back. A playful smirk. He takes a step toward Sherlock's chair. Carefully, as if testing the waters.
think that Mycroft’s death was your fault, right? Just please, tell me you don’t.“ He reached to caress Sherlock’s arm but his hand froze mid-air, almost as if he wasn’t sure whether he was actually allowed such a move. Neither Sherlock seemed to be sure, his eyes were flicking rapidly between John’s face and his hand that was still hovering in the air.
“Anything on your mind?“ John asked, his lips disappearing behind the rim of the mug afterwards.
John can feel his throat tightening at those words. Looking up at Sherlock’s face, gleaming with joy, he can’t but pull him into another kiss, wishing only to be finally
SHERLOCK
sounds strangely suggestive.”
MYCROFT
Christ, Sherlock, not in public, please.
SHERLOCK (V.O.)
“T-tell what?“
on my chest now and my…
SHERLOCK (CONT'D)
“Well, that's news, coming from you,” John snorted and crossed his arms, keeping his distance from Sherlock.
“I told you, It doesn’t matter what people think, John,“ Sherlock reminds him. “They’re-“
Even though unintentionally, Sherlock’s voice dropped so low so John nearly didn’t manage to stop himself from doing exactly that.
“No, no, I don’t, you don’t have to- God, John-“ Sherlock this time simply had to take a step back. He didn’t even dare to look John in the eyes once there was a room between them again.
“There’s nothing you can do,“ John growls to cut him off. “I told you million times already. Why don’t you just listen? This is my life,
CUT TO:
Noticing the horror in his client's eyes, Sherlock doesn't expand upon what he's deduced. He leans forward in his seat, tries to reassure her.
I, er... was thinking about getting back to work, what do you think?
At once, the ringing stops. John seems to be relieved. One more look at Sherlock, then he proceeds to eat his breakfast.
John didn’t know what to expect once entering the flat. Each of his steps were slow and wary, he hadn’t prepared for this moment at all. One pathetic row with a cabbie was a mere trifle in compare to what was about to follow. It was going to be truly difficult, facing Sherlock after everything that had happened, especially since John couldn’t be sure how exactly Sherlock was going to behave. John had never before witnessed anything similar, not even the ever so infamous incident with Irene Adler had such an ill effect on Sherlock. Saying that John was worried would be an understatement. Sherlock was unpredictable, phlegmatic, his body just an empty shell. Considering what John had learnt about Sherlock’s past in these past few months, he had to be on a high alert, constantly. Each seemingly trivial shift in Sherlock’s attitude could result in a tragedy, at least that was what John was scared of the most.
And yet there was still no smile splitting his face, but a bitter frown. “Are you now going to try to convince me that
“So Baker Street it is,“ Sherlock breathed out, nervously squeezing the strap of John’s bag he offered to carry out. They were sitting on the bench outside of the main entrance, waiting for a cab which was unfortunately taking forever to arrive.
“Mhm, I am sure there are quite a few other things you'd like me to do, though...” Sherlock lowers his eyes and licks his lips but before he is able to finish his sentence, John shifts around in his arms and pushes him against the tiled wall. Never breaking the eye contact, he drops to his knees, leans in and lets the tip of Sherlock's cock slip between his parted lips. Just a taste of what is about to come.
John raises an eyebrow in amusement. “You can always use mine, you know.“
, John,“ he added, smiling sleepily.
“Anyway... I thought of ordering breakfast to the room,“ he says, never mind that he, in fact, didn't think of it until he needed an excuse to change the subject yet again. “Anything special on your mind?”
laptop.
And she's gone.
SHERLOCK
CUT TO:
The reason was plain and simple; everything in the room was reminding him of Sherlock. His smell was lingering around John, smell of vanilla and light spring breeze. It was Sherlock’s pillow John had his head laid on, Sherlock’s smooth covers and sheets, all it took for John was to close his eyes and he felt Sherlock’s presence beside him. Except of course, he wasn’t there. Sherlock was up and ready to work for the whole night, just so he could catch Mary as soon as possible. John could hear him pacing around the sitting room, occasionally talking to himself, but it was all nothing but incoherent babbling.
She... She died. At the London Aquarium.
“I heard he’s taking his lover to the beach later today. It would be foolish to assume he’s meeting anyone potentially dangerous to his family’s business on a
MRS. HUDSON
“Yes, of course. I’ve just... never been kissed before,“ Sherlock shrugged but the smile on his lips didn’t disappear.
want me, Sherlock, don’t you?“
“Why... thank you?” Mindlessly, John keeps stroking his palms up and down Sherlock’s back even though the sunscreen has already began to seep into his skin.
Half an hour and twenty seven deductions later they finally find themselves at the park gate, light November snow falling on their shoulders.
“What is there left to explain?“ John frowned, acting rather indifferently. “I overheard enough last night, what I had witnessed was kind of sufficient, Sherlock.“
“No, I
“Too late, Sherlock. It’s my turn anyway.“
“I-I-I mean, I meant –
But John wasn’t mad at Sherlock, there was no reason at all. He was stupendously flattered and in that single moment feeling more contented he ever felt during those past months he spent with Mary. More contented than ever before actually. Even though, despite all the odds, he had to admit that he’d prefer the flat in its good old fashion.
She does now. Her boyfriend suddenly vanished about two weeks ago. I did not know much about him, but they seemed like a lovely couple.
John. I've spent about 37 hours writing my wedding vow, only to realise that reciting a 59 pages long essay might not be the brightest idea, so... um... let me say... The most important thing.
SHERLOCK
I didn't ask for his help.
really know how I
SHERLOCK
“God, John,“ he growled, such a sound that was nothing like the usual velvet, mellow colour of his voice. It was a sharp tone, a voice gravelly and thick with myriad of emotions but
being honest with you, John,“ Sherlock insisted but his voice betrayed him, cracking under the weight of all those repressed feelings.
SHERLOCK (CONT'D)
“Alright, alright, calm down,” Marco frowns and takes a step backward. John refuses to bother with him anymore, he turns around, grabs Sherlock's hand and points at the exit.
“J-John? What are you doing here?“
“I am afraid they won’t let you.“
Silence. John blinks at Sherlock, speechless for a brief moment. “You want me to kiss you. Now.”
SHERLOCK
“Oh God, this is ridiculous,“ she snarled, “let’s stop playing this stupid game and drop the facade, shall we? I know
“Jesus, can we even afford this?” John gasps. “What am I saying, of
going to be
John fumes, shakes his head in disbelief. He takes a moment, trying to compose himself but failing. Turns back to look at Mary, shooting daggers at her.
CUT TO:
Sherlock glimpses at John for the briefest moment but then he lowers his eyes again, coyly biting his lip. “Like I said, it’s just a stupid idea. I’ll understand if you say no.“
John, gives an encouraging nod.
“No, everything’s absolutely, one hundred percent fine. I just still can’t get used to being so...
Although Sherlock wasn’t even sure if John was being serious, teasing him, or simply poking fun at him, his reply came immediately, before John was even able to recoil.
One of many Sherlock's smiles that make John's stomach swarm with butterflies. Especially now as he follows Sherlock into the bedroom.
Baker street. John, now sleeping curled in Sherlock's armchair.
“Well, I am not an expert, but isn’t that the definition of spam, Sherlock?“ John chuckled but noticing that frown upon Sherlock’s face he gave up trying to lighten up the mood. “Oh, why are you so grumpy? It’s just a stupid message. Unless you got a secret admirer then-“
John, meet Bonnie. Bonnie, John.
“I suppose... We both should.”
“Even though we’ve wasted
“What the hell is this supposed to mean, Sherlock?“ John asked once the younger man returned along with John’s baggage.
,“ he breathed out disbelievingly. “Why?“
(frowns)
Too little too late John realises that he's begun to talk out loud. Just as he bites his tongue, Sherlock's tiny gasp cuts through the silence. With bated breath, he turns to face John, the tender, curious look in his eyes enough to incapacitate him.
“Not that I wouldn’t love to try your bed sometimes.”
” John but mouths, fearing that even a teeny whisper could rouse Sherlock. After all, having to explain to him why he watched him in his sleep would most likely end disastrously.
, threating to crush and destroy him. The fact that John was so determined to know what made Sherlock the way he was didn’t help either.
, scarred, tainted, yes, but a breathtakingly beautiful face of a beautiful, brilliant man with a loyal, generous heart. The bravest, kindest man under the sun-”
What have you remembered?
Home. Sherlock stiffened upon uttering that word. John used to call this flat his home, he’s not been even living there properly and it’s already been a place he felt safe and contented in. But then everything’s changed and Baker Street was no longer the place it used to be, cosy and warm, a little nest they shared and loved without ever having to express that love with spoken words. Once Sherlock returned after being gone for so long, John was no longer there and the place never felt colder and emptier. It was nothing more but a blank space, no beating heart that would make it feel alive.
, Mr Watson.“
Wouldn't you miss it? The thrill, the action. I know I would. Solving crimes is what we do, it's our life, Sherlock. We can't simply leave it behind and hide away in a forest. You'd be bored within five minutes.
“Isn’t the
Sherlock pouts, but it very quickly fades away when John leans to kiss the top of his head.
“You're sorry but it doesn't change anything.
what makes you think so?“ John chuckled awkwardly, blurting out the words in fast pace.
bloody worried,“ John cried out. “She’s out there somewhere, Sherlock, and she’s out of her mind, you
John. But the worst of all – deep down he knew that a simple
SHERLOCK
to have a walk through the park again like I used to. I miss the city, I miss nature, I miss my old life. I am just not entirely sure I am ready to show the whole world…
A beat.
He was about to pronounce this notion out loud but as soon as Sherlock crossed the room, apparently not even realising that John was already in the bed, the words John wanted to say got trapped inside of his throat and all he could let out was a single broken gasp of horror.
Do you... Do you really think all... that about... me?
, thrill, but he couldn’t find the right word to describe the way Sherlock’s lips felt against his own. They were full, pliant, tasting better than any other lips John had kissed before and even though Sherlock was mostly stiffen, barely reacting, their very first kiss was perfect just like that. Because it was just them and nothing standing in their way anymore, their special moment, brains switched off, just their hearts hammering wildly in their chests commanding their actions. The world froze around them, time flowing forward as slow and peacefully as snowflakes fluttering down from the sky and stayed like that for as long as John kept his lips pressed firmly against Sherlock’s.
Sherlock sighed in annoyance. He hoped he wouldn’t have to demonstrate but John left him no choice. Sherlock had been pressed against John’s side for the entire night and he didn’t move an inch in the morning, so once he carefully wiggled his hips against him, John could finally catch on. Which is to say, he actually gasped out loud, a noise such close to a moan that Sherlock had to bit his tongue in order to not let out a similar sound.
On Sherlock's face - thoughtful. Then, a satisfied smile.
On Sherlock, a little, weak smile on his face. John smiles too.
“Enough to say that this person I no longer consider my wife,“ John groaned, looking daggers at the woman. “I
“I am so sorry,“ he whispered while gripping John’s chin and carefully tilting his head back so he can get an air into his lungs. Sherlock sincerely hoped that John will have a chance to kill him for what he was about to do. He took a deep breath, pinched John’s nose and pressed his open mouth against John’s parted lips, breathing in and repeating the same once more before he pulled back and shifted to his chest in order to restart his heart.
Just before disappearing behind the door, Sherlock stops in his tracks and flashes somewhat a shy smile over his shoulder. “The massage you promised to give me, of course.”
Sherlock gives him a look, but offers no reply. Then turns around, walks toward his armchair. Touches the arm, strokes his fingers across the leather fabric.
Sherlock rushes to shuffle away, staring his eyes out. Doesn't quite understand...
Another beat.
CUT TO:
Mrs. Hudson, sure.
“So that’s it.“
is all he manages to say, small, soft voice filled with wonder, but also love. Love in its purest form.
Well, then, you can most certainly continue doing just that at the table.
If I were you, I'd put that gun down.
“B-But-”
“Umm... John, you do realise we’re going to the beach and I am going to loose the shirt anyway?”
Lestrade lets out another sigh, shakes his head. A resolute no.
it? Say, John, have I ever called you unobservant?
I don't want to see anyone.
“Wha-what are you talking about, John? She’s the mother of your child, your wife, she’s... she’s - you
John frowns. “What exactly is your point?“
Sherlock remains quiet. The silence is heavy, almost awkward. John rubs the back of his neck, looks around the room, finally, an idea crosses his mind.
“Losing you?“ Sherlock shrugged, blurting out the words before he’d actually rethought the consequences of that action. “You’re spending too much time with me now.“
Fifteen minutes later, John returns to find Sherlock curled up on his side and... seemingly sound asleep. Quietly, he tiptoes toward the bed, just to make sure Sherlock isn't only feigning slumber, but once he takes a look at his serene face, he can no longer tear his eyes off him. It would be a crime to pass up the chance to relish this rare sight for just a little longer. Having to spend all day in the scorching sun must have taken a toll on Sherlock, and it has certainly taken a toll on John too, but in spite of sleep deprivation, he can't bring himself to lie down next to Sherlock as of yet.
Sherlock did return as promised. He didn’t even leave the building to begin with, save for those five minutes he needed to get a fresh air into his lungs. Mycroft suggested that he should go back home again and at least change his still bloodied clothes but Sherlock disagreed. He did manage to pacify Mycroft by taking few sips of coffee and three bites of donut his brother bought him.
again. “I don’t want you to feel uncomfortable among so many people.“
Panning away from them....
“Who are you even supposed to be?“ Getting no valid answers in return, the nurse just glared all puzzled at him, determined to not back off.
Dreadful doesn't even begin to describe it.
(shrugs)
At once, we hear a doorbell, putting an abrupt end to the awkward situation. Sherlock seems to be grateful for the distraction.
“God, you are the bravest but the most bloody
.“ John finally brought himself to clasp a hand over Sherlock’s keep jabbering mouth. Sherlock kept on staring at the other man, blinking in rapid motion as if he couldn’t quite comprehend why John decided to shush him like this.
Closer on John's face, he looks up at Sherlock.
You - you have?
what I mean.”
“Are you sure? May I continue then?“
On John: Chilled to the bone. He's been rendered speechless. Can't think of a single thing to say. Despite their previous conversation, Sherlock still hasn't fully comprehended.
Alright, Mary, stop hiding in the shadows and come out. I am tired of playing your sick games.
And they're still giggling moments later, even when Sherlock leans in a for a kiss. John grabs his neck, pulls him closer.
John has slowly started adapting himself to his former life. The first few days at Baker Street were rather tough, but ever since the night he opened up to Sherlock, he’s been doing significantly better. In less than three months he's managed to make an incredibly positive progress. Little to no tears and more sleep, having nightmares much less frequently now that he has found the strength in him again. Thanks to Sherlock, no doubt, who has proven himself to be a massive pillar of support, taking his promises extremely seriously. Sometimes, perhaps,
even, something that John’s mind simply refused to comprehend just yet. Years of doubting, years of wondering whether Sherlock was capable of loving and now he was there, snapping, breaking in half, introducing his most vulnerable self to John, his soft core that had been hidden from everyone’s sight for most of his life. The worst, however, was being asked to not be affected by what Sherlock felt, ignore that even as if it weren't the thing John considered the most important thing in the world.
She went to tell Mrs. Turner, didn't she.
to help that baby as much as I can, just not the way you expect me to. It’s for her own good, she doesn’t deserve such an awful life, at all. First of all, this little girl needs her
Mary ran away right after the gun slipped out of her hand in horror. From what Sherlock could conclude, she apparently decided to go for his heart as she intended to, but her aim must’ve stray out of the focus when John so unawares jumped in front of her target. The gun she used was also the same one that fired a bullet at Magnussen’s office, that was clear, but not any helpful at all.
CUT TO:
“Don’t you?“ Mycroft asked.
On John, clenches his jaw, lowers his head. Doesn't like to hear that.
It was already past dusk when Sherlock finally returned home. He staggered across the entryway as if he’d been completely drained of energy, not even able to walk the stairs without clinging to the railway.
, even if the entire hotel could hear him.
reject him despite everything that's just happened terrifies him. He has to be one hundred percent sure that it meant more than a shag to him.
that we should try something new, John, it was because I was curious, not because I am not satisfied enough having sex with you. Quite the opposite actually. I, in fact, still do crave to see your face and your face only during sex. It’s clear what you’re implying here, John, but I can assure you that the possibility that it’s ever going to change is non-existent.“
We are gathered here today to celebrate the love of two remarkable human beings. Sherlock Holmes and John Watson.
Green carnations?
“Stop it, Sherlock,“ John snaps, somewhat agitated by Sherlock's words. “I know
“All right, then,” he breathes out at last, trying to pay no attention to all the ways his body is responding to the fact that he is about to
“Didn’t you say you have plenty of work to do?“ John teased, not even wavering to shorten the distance between them again.
“What about Harrington then?”
John shut the door behind him, growling at himself for acting so inappropriately in such a moment. Yet he stood there, as if he was stiffened, listening for a while until he could be certain that Sherlock had indeed got into the tub.
“M-Mary?“ John blinked confusedly. “Why the hell would Mary send you a bad cheesy poem?“
, that was a compliment, John,“ he smiled softly, making John’s heart flutter. For a moment they stood there, both of them blushing faintly, rocking on their heels back and forth in rather an awkward silence until a high-pitched whistle disturbed the moment.
“Because, now that you told me the truth, and... well, after taking some time to process and accept it... I have to assume that it’s not just these lies she could destroy your life with. I thought she was no longer...harmless, but considering how badly she's treating you and on purpose even... that seems to be far from true. Unfortunately. If you're right about her intentions to keep you on a leash no matter what, then she will never let the divorce go quietly. The worse, of course, is that she could
Does it? But, but how do you know?
JOHN (CONT'D)
birthday if I receive a greeting card which rarely happens so that doesn’t really count. And even if it did it would never top the significance of any of the aforementioned dates. It would most certainly never top the significance of today’s date either. Today is a
Yes. No more crime-solving. No more people pointing their guns at you. We can buy a cottage somewhere in the country, have a dog, perhaps. Lead a mundane, ordinary life. I could keep bees, you could write a book.
“Your – your choice?“ Sherlock gulped, his chin wobbling as he tried to choke back the tears. He felt almost as if burning from inside, his body shimmering with anticipation in response to what John was about to say.
“Oh-“ Sherlock’s face at first lightened up as bright as if he just stumbled upon the most interesting case in the history but that spark was gone in an instant his mind reminded him of details he should’ve remembered in the first place. “Well, obviously,“ he gasped, “you were in army. I reckon you’ve already slept with men so you must be quite used to it-“ Sherlock wished he phrased that sentence differently, but once he already let the words slip out it was too late to take them back.
“No,” John shakes his head. “It’s not the first time we’re doing something this, er... unconventional for a case. You said so yourself, kissing is just the part of the job. No need to get...
As he reaches the door, he glances at Sherlock one more time, crestfallen, barely holding back the tears.
Sherlock’s hand is
,“ Sherlock shuts his eyes tight, wishing to burrow himself into the ground or better yet, disappear from the Earth itself. Little does he know, John actually finds this kind of clumsiness oddly adorable.
“Besides,“ he continues, “you were exceptionally hard fifteen minutes ago already. I expect you’re going to last for approximately one minute and fifty five seconds only, that’s it, if I am not going to put any effort into it.“
, John Watson, are a wonderfully
“Mhm, you should try it too.”
Never.
“Actually, yes, I did.”
Sherlock's lips begin to curve into a smile.
way be the baby’s father, Sherlock.“
“God, I am sorry.
“I don't,” Sherlock shakes his head, his eyes dropping to John's lips again. “B-but if you
Do you have any idea how much I missed this?
But as he turns over, Mrs. Hudson comes crying, throws his arms around him.
“I am risking everything just because of him. Look at me, I am willing to murder you so you stop meddling into our lives. And I will sweep of my way everyone who would dare to cross my path. I would do
“I-I didn’t.“
, John thinks. He has to keep his true feelings at bay, carefully hidden from Sherlock. And even though he did have the tiniest glimmer of hope that their relationship could bloom into something much deeper, it’s most definitely lost by now. Six more days and they’ll be back at Baker Street and this whole game of playing a couple will be over anyway. A mere thing of the past that they’ll most likely never mention again.
Sherlock wavered for another brief moment, but once his eyes were met with John’s and the idea of continuing what he had started suddenly didn’t sound as bad. John seemed to be willing to play along so Sherlock could’ve as well teased him a bit further, just so to find out if it was really getting serious between them or Sherlock simply read the whole situation utterly wrong.
SHERLOCK
It wasn’t until Sherlock slowly tilted his head to the side, not until he let out a broken ‘John’ out of his throat, not until then John dared to close the remaining gap between them. The very moment he pressed his lips against Sherlock’s, he had been overwhelmed with emotions of all diverse kinds - relief, anticipation,
“You better explain yourself and do it quickly because wherever I go, you're at my heels and I have grown quite sick of it. And don't say it's not true.”
Alright but what is she doing here?
John was quiet. That wasn’t a good sign, Sherlock had no idea what to expect. He wished that John would simply let the rage boil over but instead there was just silence and no words uttered out loud. This wasn’t the John Sherlock knew so well, this wasn’t him at all. He was calm, as calm as there is calm before the storm.
You said you'd love to have a dog.
“What should I say?“ Sherlock was gazing out of the window so he wouldn’t have to face John.
once all those bastards fled like rabbits? Let’s face it, Sherlock, I am just slowing you down all the time. I am a… burden.“
will tell me when you’re ready, okay? Up until then you’ll hear no word about it from me.“
“Say no more and kiss me already,” John utters with a lecherous chuckle, knowing exactly what's going through Sherlock's head.
“Relax. We’re doing fine,” Sherlock replies, pressing the button with the number twelve on it. “I think.”
Needless to say, I had to pull a few strings. Typically, the annulment process takes months, you insisted the matter was resolved within a few days. Not to mention, in the absence of the spouse.
What - What are you talking about??
. He'd better ask John to pinch him to make sure he's not dreaming.
John grabs the hem of Sherlock's shirt, pulls it over his head, in an instant, Sherlock does the same with John's shirt, then tackles him down on the mattress.
Sherlock nearly bursts out laughing but he manages to pull himself together.
it. I am sure you didn’t plan on dying here tonight… without revealing your true feelings for John, yet here you are.“
Sherlock: petrified, looking down at the bloodstain on his chest. He blinks, looks up at-
Jesus, what's wrong? Are you in pain? Why didn't you call your doctor?
, all I want is to take you inside and show you just
I was hoping you'd say that.
John was immensely pleased with all the attention he was receiving from Sherlock. He had already gotten used to the fact that Sherlock was there beside him when he woke up in the morning and that he left only very late in the day, far beyond the end of visiting hours, but Mycroft arranged him a special permission so he never got into any trouble.
She's waiting for the poison to kick in. Unfortunately for her, I didn't take it. I suggest we keep on dancing.
She throws another smile and she's gone...
Here Mrs. Merrilow stutters a little, as if she dreads to say the words out loud.
SHERLOCK
John stiffens, there's the slightest change in his expression.
What?
She turns to leave.
. It’s been the
Because John doesn't know how to deal with receiving compliments. Isn't used to it. Which isn't a good enough excuse to leave, especially since John doesn't actually want to anyway. And then there's Sherlock. Giving him actual puppy eyes. John chuckles.
Hey, Sherlock. Come in, come in.
I should go. Back to my bed... or something... I... Good night, John.
John, concerned. Looks as if he's considering walking after Sherlock, but decides against it in the end.
“Tell me? Tell me what?“ Sherlock gulped.
“Of course I trust you,“ John smiled fondly, his cheeks tinged pink. John’s heart beat with relief, fluttering as fast as if there was a tiny hummingbird caged inside his chest. The way Sherlock looked at him, so sincerely, so openly grateful for John’s support, it had been a proof enough that he wasn’t fibbing this time. Sherlock was certainly in need of much more than just a cup of tea so he would fully recover, there was no doubt, but John was prepared to provide whatever was necessary. As it seemed, they had already made the first, crucial step.
“I lied to you again,“ he added, his voice filled with sincere regret. “I didn’t tell you what I am planning, that I am about to nab your wife. John, if I was honest with you from the very first second, none of this would have happened. Please, forgive me. Just once more.“
“But no one has done more harm than me,“ Sherlock objected.“It all went so horrendously wrong because of me, John. Maybe if you knew the truth beforehand, none of this would have happened. Mary would have never attempted to kill me… well, maybe she
But why? Why would you... Choose me?
On Sherlock, gazing at John for a few moments, a bit disbelievingly, albeit softly all the same.
Finally, John and Sherlock approach each other - gleaming eyes, exhilarated.
Rosie. Your daughter.
“Right. What happens in Spain stays in Spain.”
“John-“
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
Am I not?
Sherlock can feel his heart racing as if he was just caught doing something illegal. He quickly averts his eyes, but before he’s able to reach the final step and hurry inside, John grabs his sleeve and grips his chin, ever so gently tilting his head.
John chortles. “Well, you
“Christ, Sherlock, come here.“
Oh. Should I start getting worried?
On John: Distraught.
“No, that’s not what I - not at all,“ John blinked in confusion. “I-I just think that it’s not – it’s not right, it’s not
“So you don’t want to know-?“
Sherlock - his lips automatically spread into a grin.
Look at me, I am here, I am here with you, you'll be okay, I promise.
SHERLOCK
Sherlock cocks his head, as if to ask 'really?' but a second later he's shaking his head as if to get rid of such thoughts.
Sherlock didn’t bother to turn around when Mrs Hudson entered the room, he assumed that she’s just came to make sure that Sherlock hadn’t done anything stupid, but as it turned out, he wasn’t as right as he predicted.
“Do you… do you
Grobian...
(profoundly embarrassed)
“Christ, you must be freezing,“ John gasped worriedly, his eyes fixed on Sherlock’s sallow face, callous but tender fingers reaching to brush those damp curls off Sherlock’s forehead. Sherlock sunk down in his chair with a strained sigh, allowing John to do whatever he considered necessary without cutting off his self-reproachful monologue.
SHERLOCK
Where is the ring bearer?
“Besides, another good news is that we will have plenty of time for ourselves, Sherlock. Now that you gave up on chasing…
“Listen, if you going to kill me now, John will-“
It always comes back to Moriarty.
“Well, having only a tub back at home... we can’t really try that every day. So what do you say, hm?“
in my life. No matter how hard I’ve tried, my life was barely worth living while you’ve been gone. There was this bloody hole in my heart that no one but you could fill again, Sherlock. The truth is, I’ve made my choice long ago, in the very beginning. I was just too
“Thank God, you’re not me then. Listen, Mycroft, I want to know what is she up to, if she wants to meet me, be it, I am not a coward,“ Sherlock hissed into the phone.
SHERLOCK
“Can I help you?” He addresses his words to the sharply dressed woman with glasses that appears to be the hotel manager. However, Harrington interjects before she so much as introduces herself.
Sherlock had already been breathless before but John somehow managed to kick the air out of his lungs the second time too.
Do... Sherlock, do you remember the first time we were here?
want to have sex with you but John… I don’t actually know how sex even… works.“ Sherlock was so red in his cheeks that he had to grab a pillow in order to hide his face.
“It does, but that’s what the morphine’s for.“ John’s smile was a little wry and bland; Sherlock didn’t even bother repaying it. It was a rare sight, but his face was suddenly warm and open, his so far deeply hidden feelings emerging on the surface, written all over it. And John noticed it. It caught him in shock, it was as if all of a sudden the sky was cleared off and the sun could for the first time after ages peek out from behind the heavy dark clouds. Sherlock was beautiful that way, graceful, shining with something John would never call love because this was Sherlock, right? He didn’t feel that way. But then John remembered what Mary said last night and his heart started beating fast and out of rhythm, heart rate monitoring machine beside his bed beeping loudly in response.
I don't understand. What is there to discuss?
from the very start that we are planning to get her arrested, she was
there, in body and soul, Sherlock silently watched him from across the corridor through wide open door. The man was shuttling between the wardrobe and his bag placed on Sherlock’s bed, putting his neatly folded clothes into one of Sherlock’s half-empty drawers. Even from that far could Sherlock notice that soft, beautiful smile upon John’s lips as he shuffled from one place to another. This sight made Sherlock’s heart flutter, a warm, cosy feeling overtook his body. He now understood what ordinary people meant when they talked about butterflies in their stomachs. Sherlock definitely felt that way in that moment. John Watson was back in his life, back at Baker Street and Sherlock couldn’t even remember the last time he felt so blissfully happy.
Go on.
“And I bought milk,“ Sherlock grinned so proudly it made John chuckle. “There’s also a bottle or two of your favourite beer,“ he added, his brow furrowing upon trying to remember the contents of the purchase he made earlier that morning.
A beat. Another deep breath.
“...I’ve figured out that much myself. How exactly is that useful?”
“I shouldn’t have left you waiting for such a long time... My God, everything could have been different, only if I weren't such an idiot,“ he lets out a shaky sigh, ever so leisurely running his hand up Sherlock’s back. His other hand reaches up to cradle Sherlock’s cheek, drawing small circles with his thumb.
“You're not dumb, John.”
decide, okay? So are you finally going to tell me what happened or not?“
breakfast, Sherlock. You must eat.
“Are you sure? We can still quit if-“
CUT TO:
What on earth are you doing here? We're running late.
(off-screen)
thing I’ve ever heard,“ Sherlock convoked, gesticulating with his hands in the most theatrical fashion. “Even if you’ve never danced into his life with that ugly bittersweet smile on your face, he would never… John doesn’t feel that way.“
, which he one hundred percent believes we won’t. I can't wait to prove him wrong.”
“Really?“ Sherlock’s breath hitched once John leaned in, tip of his tongue swiftly running over his bottom lip. So John
MRS. MERRILOW
I am referring to one very specific sentence.... You said you were married to your work.
The voice grew louder and stronger all of a sudden. Sherlock could see the pictures in his mind disappearing, fading into the blackness. Even the noises in his ears had clammed up at once. Once he fully perceived he finally dared opening his eyes only to realise that he was miles afar from Serbia, safely at Baker Street in the arms of the man he loved.
,“ Sherlock snorted, pressing the keys with much more force than necessary.
I love you, Sherlock.
(smiles)
“You two were made for each other,“ Mycroft snorted under his breath.
“She likes to play games, just like
SHERLOCK
“Shut up-“ John snapped him, rummaging about on his search for disinfectant and sterile cotton balls.
“No, that's not what I - I didn’t… I didn’t
John had actually no words prepared but what he was sure of is that he’s not about to confess his true feelings for Sherlock. Not yet at least, not to an extent that could somewhat badly influence their relationship. He needed more time for such decisions and besides, despite everything he’s heard and seen that day and the night before, he was still convinced that what Sherlock felt couldn’t have been a romantic love and so his feelings wouldn’t be requited that way anyway.
God, I can't believe you haven't noticed yet.
“Well, it was no longer needed,” Sherlock shrugged again but John could see that his lips were slightly wobbling. “You haven't replied to a single text I'd send you, didn't answer my calls. Maybe if you did I wouldn't have removed your chair.”
London skyline. Night turns into a purple dawn.
But then John averted his eyes all of a sudden, nodding slightly as if in support, before disappearing behind the curtain once again. He seemed to finally understand that what Sherlock needed so desperately was
But Sherlock already had troubles concentrating on his surroundings, his head ached, he was tired and dehydrated and yet resting, not even taking a short nap, wasn’t an option. He wanted to be fully prepared to return to the hospital if there was a need, it didn’t even matter that he might relapse due to grogginess before that even happens.
about you, genuinely.“
Should arrive within three days. With our names engraved into them.
John opens his mouth to reply but all in vain, Sherlock has managed to kick all the air out of his lungs. He's spent years assuming that all and every emotion is abhorrent to Sherlock. God, the biggest mistake of his life. The man standing in front of him loves
It's alright, there's nothing going on here, people. Just a wild animal on the loose. We're taking care of it. You can resume walking now.
Sherlock’s question had been left unanswered, John could hardly even begin to ponder about it at first. He stared at Sherlock, bewildered for a moment, trying to process what he’d just learnt. The same man who had claimed that caring had been a weakness, cared, in fact, the most. He cared the most about
“Sherlock, I am so-“
to know what is the meaning behind Mary’s odd behaviour.
Yes, you heard me right.
Sherlock sulked upon having a glance at his beeping phone. He was in the middle of an experiment, nothing of major importance, but he considered it more than just a nuisance when being disturbed.
Mrs. Hudson called too.
Mrs. Hudson notices this, giggles.
Sherlock blinks in confusion, as if contemplating her words...
“I apologise for this completely inappropriate behaviour of my younger brother. However, I just spoke to the doctors and they see no problem in Sherlock paying his friend a short visit. I can assure you that this man here poses no threat for the man behind this door.“
“I might reconsider it,” his face splits in a teasy smile, “if you do that again.”
This is all Sherlock's fault. For the first time in my life I had an opportunity to lead a normal life. With you. But no. Sherlock must have ruined everything. He always does that. Always the same old annoying pest.
The room had been filled with vivid light but Sherlock shut his eyes tightly and clasped hands over his ears, rocking back and forth on the bed in tears that streamed down his face. But he still could see the images in his head, didn’t matter how hard he tried to close his eyes. Someone picked a glowing iron rod to burn down a mark onto his back; people’s faces were blurred but he could tell that what they were holding in hands were rusted hooks, scissors and knives, prepared to sink and crawl down into his flesh as if he was just a worthless piece of meat.
She pulls out a phone, stares at it. And so does everybody else.
John waits, but Sherlock ignores him. Giving a small sigh, he takes another step forward, pulls up a chair, sits down next to Sherlock's bed. He looks worried, almost anxious, not knowing what to expect from Sherlock.
SHERLOCK
I love you, John.
? What is he-Wait... Did you
“John-,“ Sherlock sniffed. “I’ve never felt like this before,
“That can’t be-“ John gasped, slouching down on Sherlock’s lap in shock. “Are you trying to tell me that-“
“Oh... interesting,” Sherlock’s face suddenly lightens up.
(beckons)
“Hey, are you okay?“ It was Sherlock who shifted even closer to John this time and just because the other man seemed to be ready to tear up any second. In that one glimmer of moment they both ached with need to take each other’s hand but both of them were under this false impression that the other one wouldn’t approve yet.
Lestrade squints.
“Yes. But first-“ Sherlock pursed his lip as he leaned in for a peck. “I feel like I should make up for leaving you alone in the bed this morning,“ he muttered under his breath. “Let’s hope ten minutes of kissing won’t cost us our lives,“ he tittered, raising up from the chair and putting his hands on John’s waist as he gently pushed him further into the room.
(titters)
to be a dream.
I do have to admit... I am glad I didn't manage to convince you to let go off that case, Sherlock... Shame we couldn't do more though.
I had no choice. Will you not give me a chance to explain?
Whether John intended it to sound like an order or not, Sherlock very quickly changes his mind about not moving and hurries to stride across the room. John can make an impression even while washing dishes, apparently.
Sherlock gazes at John for a moment, an utterly broken expression. Then averts his eyes, turning his face to stare at the ceiling again.
“You?“ John snorted.  “Correct me if I am wrong, but you escaped the hospital half-unconscious, while still in need of a morphine. Which one of us is a greater fool?“
“Ah, I see.” Sherlock takes a pause, rocking back and forth on his heels, eyes on the floor. “I take it you
Why not?
“No, no,
“I-I actually made two cups already,“ Sherlock tittered, but John was oblivious to the perplexity in his behaviour.
“You-But...but
“Sherlock, listen to me please. You've been this despondent for days already. We
Sherlock was a mere disruption, John. Magnussen... He was the target. Must have had an awful lot of dirt on your ex-wife, possibly attempted to blackmail her... I assume her plan was to get rid of him that night... Unfortunately, my brother happened to be in a wrong place at a wrong time.
MRS. HUDSON
SHERLOCK
“Well, actually-“
A moment later - with a small sigh, he leans back in his seat. Grabs his mug, gently blows on his tea, just sits there, contemplating.
“I am still not sure what do you expect from me,“ he squinted. “Am I supposed to take Sherlock’s place and start investigating on my own?“
It's almost like John freezes for a second before he slowly draws back, letting out a small sigh. “No. No I didn’t. I… I simply thought there’s no use pretending any longer,“ he musters up a smile.
goes, he doesn't seem to be impressed but he keeps his opinions to himself, at least until they find themselves a couple of chairs to claim. Fortunately enough, it doesn't take too long. A pair of wooden loungers hidden in the shade of palm trees seem to have been waiting
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
Sherlock moans and wriggles so frantically, John has to seize his hips and pin him against the mattress, yet he doesn’t stop dragging his tongue across Sherlock’s flat stomach. Now lying between Sherlock’s spread legs, he grinds against him ever so achingly slowly, drawing low groans out of Sherlock’s mouth. He licks and nibbles the delicious skin, wandering upwards Sherlock’s body, tickling him with his tongue until Sherlock starts giggling, prompting John into doing exactly the same.
SHERLOCK
, he feels. The occasion couldn't be more fitting. Uttering those three words comes natural, as if he was meant to say them decades ago already. In another time, another life maybe. The long lost truth to be finally revealed.
It's alright. Come inside.
“One more, hm?“ John murmurs into the crook of Sherlock’s neck but much to his surprise, Sherlock catches his wrist instead, the tip of his tongue darting to clean the cream off John’s thumb.
-lying few feet from him, grasping for air. Underneath him, a small pool of blood.
John knits his eyebrows. “And just
exactly do you want me to stay with her then?“
to him, drawn to him like a moth to the flame, wanting him, needing to protect and love him.
The door, visible in the background, opens. John enters the room. Smiling, but looks a bit anxious to see Dr. Mason there.
human being. No one has any right to judge you, remember?“
VICAR
Sherlock definitely doesn’t understand any more, yet he
. I was just-”
“Not as boring as your outfit. But on the other hand, it suits you… black as your heart.“
you’re not straddling my face already John.“
SHERLOCK
The pool room, known from THE GREAT GAME. Dim lights, the water seems to be almost glowing in the dark. John comes to a halt, stares at the the swimming pool for a moment, as if contemplating, then looks around.
- Sherlock suddenly comes to a halt, turning to look back at John.
On John, it pains him, seeing Sherlock in such a state.
(sighs)
,“ John rolled his eyes, “she’s been pestering me like this for hours already.“
Exactly. I've wasted too much time.
“He is cheating on his wife.”
Sherlock hasn't said a word ever since the client arrived but his expression speaks for himself. He'd rather be anywhere else. The young man sitting opposite him appears to be every bit of dull and dreary and to make it even worse, the story he's come to tell couldn't be less entertaining...
DR. MASON
,” John licks his lips and props himself up on his elbows so he can watch. Spreading his legs even further, he buckles his hips and prompts Sherlock to touch him, take him inside his mouth,
Ok...Okay.
London night sky.
“No one else had heard those words. No one but the three of us. We were
John and Sherlock: Exchange a look. A bit unexpected, this.
Sherlock, rolls his eyes.
not good at this.”
“John, what the hell-“ whatever Sherlock was about to said dissolved into giggles once John repeated the same action.
“That’d be lovely, ta.“
DR. MASON
John arriving at 221B.
Did you hear that?
Sherlock sobbed, his entire body quivered at the mere thought. He felt so vulnerable at sudden, as if his torturer was meant to burst into the room any second to cause him more pain. Not even John’s hands stroking down his bare arms helped to soothe him down.
An empty hospital corridor. Waiting area. John Watson is sitting on one of the chairs outside Sherlock's private ward. He's staring at the wall in front of him, hands clasped, resting on his lap. A single lamp is buzzing above him.
He's not going to hurt you ever again, Ms. Ronder.
“It’s not that I don’t trust your judgement, John, I am just making sure you’re all right. In any case, we can order china like we always do.“ A pause. “But if you
Empty. Eerily dark. At once, we can hear beeping, as if a heartbeat monitor. It continues throughout this scene.
“I am of a different opinion, brother,“ Mycroft said in a tone cold as usual. Not even in the situation they found themselves in he managed to drop that mask of a distant, cool man. “I was afraid you would do something stupid, left on your own. Remember the last time I saw you in the state like this? Thirty years ago, Sherlock, the moment you were given an empty collar and a worn out leash that belonged to no dog anymore. And remember what you did after then? You-“
You should be. I bet you didn't expect to see me here.
On Sherlock's face, as he falls to the floor. Zooming out - we realise he is lying on the floor of 221B. Bleeding out - similar to the opening scene.
supposed to mean?“ John roared, putting his hands on his waist.
you to.”
John didn’t notice when Sherlock got up from the couch but once he snapped out of daydreaming he realised that the other man was no longer sitting beside him. Sherlock had grabbed the plates and cutlery and took them to the kitchen so he could clean them. John followed him, not even considering maintaining a reasonable distance between them as he stepped closer. He put a hand on Sherlock’s upper waist and stroked gently while Sherlock was busy rinsing his plate.
A beat.
Anything I can do to make
John's eyebrows fly high. But a grin splits his face.
“Surprised? Sherlock, is it truly such a shock that the woman who had
together again,“ John stuttered, ignoring the cold sweat that had flushed his face. All the courage gone, indeed.
DR. MASON
“Yes… yes we used to,“ John sighed. The fact it was no longer true was something John didn’t need to be reminded of at all. If he could he would move back in within a beat, never again thinking of the possibility of leaving Sherlock. He would stay with Sherlock, whether confessing his true feelings for him or not. Even though Sherlock seemed to be still convinced that what John wanted the most was to stay with his
A beat.
SHERLOCK
Husband.
John? What happened? John.
Offering but a small reassuring nod, Sherlock pulls John closer, making sure he feels as safe and loved as he's always deserved to feel.
VICAR (CONT'D)
CUT TO:
“John, I’ve already agreed on that I won’t be trying to get closer to Mary anymore,“ Sherlock reminded him, acting as if he’s just made a some sort of a horrible sacrifice. “I’ve dealt with far worse criminals than Mary. Never before I had to hide like a rat and trust me, Mary is not the first person who’d ever threatened me. So don’t you dare to insist that we should leave our home just because that…
No. No, of course I'd never hurt you. Why would you think of something like that?
“Just
. Rest assured you have no reason to feel bad for me. If there’s anyone who’d deserve a break from all these walls, it’s
Without a word, John closes the door. Sherlock throws another frown in his direction, as if to express his disappointment with the lack of response but quickly resumes ranting.
Sherlock stares after him for a few moments, then pulls out his phone from the pocket. “Siri...”
John takes a few steps toward Sherlock's chair.
JOHN (CONT'D)
“No. You want to leave?”
“Y-yeah,“ he stammered, glaring at Sherlock from under his lashes. “But we don’t have to talk about it if you don’t feel like it,“ he added quickly. “You know, we’ve just-“
JOHN (CONT'D)
before his voice cracked and he could say no more. He stared at John in mild shock, watching him as he shuffled closer, this time not hesitating to place a hand over his shoulder.
He sits down again. Crosses his arms.
“I can be considerate too, you know,“ he smirks at Sherlock’s utterly puzzled expression.
, don’t worry,“ Sherlock laughed. “Give me a couple of more days, a week or two at most.“
“Then
“Come on, you have to eat. Doctor's orders. Angelo evidently has the same opinion,“ John snickers, pointing at the second fork on the plate that was put there on purpose, Sherlock figures, rather than accidentally.
“It's time to get used to the nice me, I guess... Now that we're, well... boyfriends,” Sherlock quips and with an awkward smile, heads for the door. “I’ll wait for you outside,” he adds before he rushes down the stairs, leaving behind an utterly flummoxed and profusely blushing John.
I...I can't stay all night.
explain. Come here.“
“Well, truth be told – I can’t,“ John let out a slight sigh, shoving his hands into the pockets of his gown. Sherlock managed to refrain from panicking more than necessary but he wasn’t able to cover the tone of utter dismay in his voice.
John almost chokes on the wine he's just taken a sip of.
John snickers.
Sherlock: He blinks at John, failing to comprehend. Brain freezing. He doesn't understand a single thing anymore.
“I think I’ll manage,“ he smiles.
Then tell us where to find Leonardo and we'll leave.
be that arousing. Once the receptionist gives Sherlock the key card, and John realises that he should stop staring at Sherlock’s lips, they head for the elevator, each of them carrying a bag in one hand, their free hands awkwardly brushing each other as they walk. John begins to wonder if he should just grab Sherlock’s hand but then again... they’re waiting for an elevator. Nobody does that. Unbeknownst to John, Sherlock is in exactly the same dilemma.
“How could you do that to me? Let me grieve for two entire years. Let me suffer.
SHERLOCK
we let the shower running,” Sherlock adds with an innocent smile.
“What have I done?“ Sherlock sobbed once the illusion faded away and he found himself kneeling in the grass again, clutching at his own jacket so tightly he could tear it apart. “This - this wasn’t meant to happen again, Mycroft, I should’ve
Shhh, don't exert yourself. You're in a hospital. You were in a coma for a short time but it's okay now, you're back.
“Are you
John froze in spot, almost as if he forgot what he was initially about to do. “But-“
“And what for?“ Mycroft turned to him, sneering. “From what I can gather you’ve already figured out what all these messages in fact mean, so frankly… I have no slightest idea what on Earth I am doing here.“
“Christ, Sherlock–,“ John faltered mid-sentence, taking a brief pause so he would collect himself. He was still shaken because of what Sherlock had said, sacrificing everything, his own life even just so he could keep him safe. Asking nothing from John in return. Sherlock was even willing to sweep his own feelings under the carpet just because he considered John's well-being much more important. The mere notion had made John's heart beat so roughly so he could combust with love and affection he felt for that man.
“Relax,” Sherlock's smile grows wider as he leans in to kiss the corner of John's mouth. “We're
He lets out a deep sigh of relief, looks around the room, as if to make sure he's still in the hospital. For a moment he just sits, thinking, allowing his breathing to return to normal.
CUT TO:
-From above, slowly zooming in on Sherlock's body on the floor. He closes his eyes, as if for the last time, but in reality... It's only the beginning.
(looks at her notes)
(a little guilty)
(brushes the nape of Sherlock's neck)
John stops typing, looks at Sherlock. Smiling, still.
On Mrs Merrilow - rather perturbed.
“Goodbye, brother mine.“
I, am not a housekeeper.
Sherlock’s eyebrows fly nearly impossibly high in surprise. “You want us… to walk like this? Holding hands?“
You have to be kidding me.
Let's be real, John. He's always at his wit's end.
(The music should stop at this point)
Sherlock is scrambling up to his feet. He steps toward Lestrade and John. Lifts his hand to show them - something almost invisible he's holding in between his index finger and his thumb.
am thinking?”
DR. MASON
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
“That's it? We're done here?”
John walking down a dark corridor, significantly frustrated.
SHERLOCK
“Jesus, Sherlock, I am so sorry, I didn’t know, I would’ve never-“
, he's
CUT TO:
“Well, if she has some kind of a plan,“ Sherlock pondered, “it’s still better than if she arranged a preterm delivery. If we had to dump her after delivering a baby into John’s life, it would be much worse, wouldn’t be.“
Smiling, Sherlock's father pats their backs, then both he and Sherlock's mum step aside, take a seat in the front row.
be a fantasy. Or even worse - a huge misunderstanding, Sherlock thinks. The smile on John’s face however, smile so genuine, beaming like the Sun itself, feels real, realer than ever before.
She can't wait to have you back home.
but under different circumstances and in that case you wouldn’t be there to-to-“
John?
On Lestrade sitting behind his desk, his face buried in his hands, looking extremely worn out. He lets out a heavy sigh.
And so does Sherlock.
Mrs. Hudson put it up there.
Suddenly, he stops unpacking, just stares. Sorrowful, gloomy. It's been too long.
On John's laptop screen - his blog, the front page, focusing on the title of the latest entry ''The Sign of Three''.
Sherlock immediately turned to face his brother with a plain resentment behind his reddish glassy eyes.
CUT TO:
Ah, I see. You demand vengeance. How original. Clearly, it's clouding your senses. What exactly you expect me to do? Mary has gone off the radar. She's probably changed her identity and started a brand new life somewhere far beyond the borders of England.
Sherlock handed off an immediate answer. “Because each time you try to talk to me about…
“Yeah, I’ll be right there.“
Mhm. Good morning.
“Now hold on a second,” John cuts him off, lifting a finger and almost pressing it to Sherlock’s lips as if to shush him. The mere thought of someone other than himself playing Sherlock’s partner is all the incentive he needs to skip the part where he attempts to teach Sherlock about polite manners and moves on to just saying yes to whatever he proposes.
JOHN (CONT'D)
SHERLOCK
I told you, John.
“Talk about luck,” John smiles, but Sherlock doesn't share his excitement.
now?” John's sigh echoes loudly in the empty hallway. He's not in the mood for games. With a frown, he scans the long, narrow room - up and down and right and left - but they seem to be all by themselves.
VICAR (CONT'D)
John, offers no further response, but a smile. Then turns to leave.
Something's wrong? You want us to stop?
flirting with him after all, Sherlock concluded. The mere thought in Sherlock’s head sounded like a joke however. Sherlock had seen John flirting with women before, but he could never, not in a million years, hope for that John would ever try anything similar on him.
Careful.
- John, walking arm in arm with Sherlock's mum, up the aisle. Right beside them - Sherlock, arm in arm with his father. Beaming with joy.
“I said I'd consider it. Two different things.”
SHERLOCK
That was before it got personal.
“Sherlock, he’s not going to escape anywhere for God’s sake, you don’t have to-“
Sherlock... He... I am here to see Sherlock.
“Shhh, it’s alright, it was just a bad dream, Sherlock, it’s all over. I am here,“ he whispered softly, petting Sherlock’s hair with his other hand. But Sherlock was crying even louder than before, sobbing and snivelling, tears bursting out his eyes and damping John’s t-shirt. John couldn’t prevent his own eyes from welling up, hearing Sherlock weeping like that was simply heart-wrenching.
“I do that?“
SHERLOCK
“Who knows,“ he shrugged, staring off into the distance with a sad smile. “Maybe not permanently. Maybe you will soon find someone else and-“ Sherlock’s voice faded into a tiny surprised squeak once he felt a cold touch of fingers, lingering over the back of his hand.
MRS. MERRILOW
what I saw there, and I-“ John groans, his entire body shuddering at the thought. “Sherlock, I wished I would have rather been dead.“
CUT TO:
“Twenty six.“
NURSE BARTON
go back to her after what she did to you. I would have even left her for you, anytime, even the very second you had returned. Hell, if I had known you were alive back when you faked your death I wouldn’t have wasted my time looking for a new relationship, I would have waited for
And all at once, they're standing too close. The proximity's making the conversation slightly awkward.
Sherlock shrugs. “Think, John. I’d draw much more attention if I were alone. A single man staying in one of the most luxurious hotels all by himself? How very inconspicuous. I am sure the guy I am supposed to be stalking or whatever wouldn’t suspect me of monitoring his activities.”
yours? Would you still give up on her and her mother because – because of
John, always have been.“
John turns white as a sheet.
SHERLOCK (CONT'D)
Sherlock, unsure, hangs his head. Then looks at John again.
Yes, I did speak to you. Shortly before you woke up from coma. I had no idea you could hear me. A part of the reality must have bled into your dreams.
Shaking his head, John leans against the counter, fond smile spreading across his lips.
?“ he manages at last, a mere broken whisper upon his lips. “Is it because you pity me? Is that why? Or is it some kind of a cruel joke?“ he cries out, pushing Sherlock’s hands away.
Could you be more specific?
Dreams.
“Why would I do that?”
He struggles to confess. Isn't used to talking about his feelings so openly.
SHERLOCK
But how did you find out? That she had shot me. You said you didn't know what exactly had happened in Magnussen's flat, so how come you knew? If I was in a coma this whole time, it couldn't have been me who told you.
“Sherlock, I could have carried that bag by myself,“ John ranted once Sherlock paid the cabbie and they headed toward the front door together.
, I don’t know what exactly I am doing right now so bear with me please, brother,“ Sherlock sighed at last, bashfully biting on his lower lip as if Mycroft was standing there in person, ready to reprimand him for all the wrongs Sherlock had done. But he wasn’t there. He was never again going to be there.
“John, please,
, God, I do. I just... Wanted you to know.
... On John, stops in the doorway. A small gasp of surprise.
As soon as Sherlock entered the foyer he quickly headed up for the stairs, but much to his disappointment he wasn’t lucky enough to avoid an encounter with Mrs Hudson. Before Sherlock managed to come up with a lie believable enough to slip through without having to answer any questions, the landlady flooded him with thousands of enquiries.
, Sherlock,“ John laughs, letting go off Sherlock, but remains lying close next to him, one of his legs draped over Sherlock’s, his groin pressing firmly against Sherlock’s thigh.
SHERLOCK
John blinks, once, twice. Perplexed and short of words. It's too early in the morning for this kind of revelation. It's hard to believe they're talking about such things
He turns around, flinches - John has approached him. There's that playful smirk on his face.
SHERLOCK
John, immediately springs up from the chair, approaches her.
“I do realise now that I should have rather listened to you more closely, trying to understand from the very beginning, instead of coming up with all those, frankly, ridiculous excuses. You do remember how I told you there was no need fooling such a smart man like you? Alas, I was so stupidly ignoring this very knowledge just because I was
“John, are you
“Sherlock, I just told you-“
LITTLE GIRL
Mycroft reaches into his breast pocket, pulls out a folded sheet of paper. A document of some sort.
John raises an eyebrow. “Yes?“
, John. I simply needed to be sure that it’s going to be okay, I needed to give it a free flow, I needed a
John could feel his own hear thudding loudly and vigorously in his ears, breath hitching and tears bursting out of his eyes but he wasn’t ashamed of crying. He had used to hold back and hide his tears from the world, just like Sherlock, but this time, this time he chose to finally let go.
“I don’t want to talk about it,“ he snarled, his voice hoarse with emotions, “now if you’ll excuse me-“
Did you make all of that yourself?
“I never thought you could be this sweet.”
,“ he yawned, sitting up so he could stretch and relax his muscles. Whether he realised that his feet had been pressed against the small of Sherlock’s back or not, he didn’t shuffle away.
“Err, Sherlock? What do you think of coincidences?” John asks, reducing his voice to a breathless whisper.
SHERLOCK
“It’s not-“ he objects again, keep shaking his head in despair, “you see, my-my face-“
Sherlock huffs, folds his fingers underneath his chin.
John raises no objection this time. He almost seems to be taken aback by Sherlock’s words, offering no response but a heavy, muffled sigh, so Sherlock circles around his chair, kneeling down in front of him so they can finally talk face to face. Except John’s face is still hidden in his hands, he can only hear the floorboards creaking as Sherlock crawls toward him.
Promptly, he strides toward the door, grabs his coat from the hanger.
(glances at the TV)
“John-“
is your problem, John,“ Sherlock pointed out, swallowing thickly. “You care far too much.“
And I have no clue how to break it.
“We appreciate it,“ Sherlock retorted but Mrs Hudson kept on jabbering as if she didn’t even notice that mild sarcasm in his voice.
“I said a
his home actually was. John didn’t want to go back to the house he shared with Mary, that he was certain of. He also had no access to the flat he used to live in before he moved in with his wife so there was only one another option, one that left both John and Sherlock flustered once they brought it up.
“Sherlock, you okay? God, I am sorry, I have no idea what’s gotten into me. It was a mistake, please-“
“No, I am – I am glad you’ve stayed,“ Sherlock murmured, lowering his eyes. “Quite surprised but glad. You’ve done no wrong, John.“
“Well, I am afraid my hands are tied in this case, John,“ Mycroft said. “I have no idea where is Mrs Morstan hiding or what she’s planning.“
He brushes Sherlock's hair.
It’s somewhat both, beautiful and ridiculous, they both concede, kissing as such in the middle of a street. Not that either of them minds. Not at all. They kiss for a couple of long, blissful minutes, sharing chaste first-time kisses until finally, they pull apart, breathless but euphoric high.
A few moments of silence. Sherlock: purses his lips, looks away.
, John.“
SHERLOCK
You should have a look. Just to make sure.
Sherlock? Sherlock, what happened.
What are you doing? Isn't this forbidden?
Wait!
Okay.
They hadn’t uttered another word until the cab reached their destination. Once Sherlock got out of the car he picked up the bag and then held his hand off for John who surprisingly enough didn’t even protest. In fact, he was glad that Sherlock kept in mind the fact that John should be saving his own pains, not making any unnecessarily hasty movements, even though the detective perhaps took it a little too seriously.
He seems to be very anxious now.
Sherlock opened his mouth but all he could let out were a few unintelligible sounds. John waited and waited but Sherlock seemed to have actually malfunctioned for a moment there.
SHERLOCK
There doesn't seem to be any reaction coming from Sherlock. John manages a wry smile but it fades almost instantly.
talking about? You were there. She died in your arms.
SHERLOCK
Outside the hospital.
“Al-alright then.“ The nurse seemed anything but over the moon that she had to retreat like this but then she finally let them pass, eyes sternly pierced upon them when she walked away.
“Let’s be fair, it was
I want to be with you, in every way possible, John. I want to have sex with you, but still… despite everything I have just said now, at first I need a little more time to get prepared. I need time to accustom to this idea that it’s bound to happen for real... whether sooner or later. Look at me now,  am still full of insecurities, I can’t even get fully naked in front of you yet,“ Sherlock snorted, half-smiling into another kiss.
As noiselessly as possible, John walks up to the desk and sits down in the chair but he very soon realises that trying to get anything done at this hour is virtually useless. The longer he stares at the screen, the more blurry his vision gets until he actually dozes off for a while and probably would spend the night in a very uncomfortable position were it not for his head almost hitting the top of the desk.
, so please lie down already,“ he asked once more, switching off the lamp so all the light had faded away. Sherlock wavered for a second, but then he pulled the towel off his waist and tossed it over the chair, immediately shuffling under the duvet and close to John. They were lying face to face; John reached for Sherlock’s hand and brushed ever so tenderly, singing an inaudible lullaby that eventually brought a serene sleep upon Sherlock’s soul. He couldn’t help but smile once Sherlock dozed off. Even though John himself had barely slept one wink last night, rather than falling asleep he wanted to relish those precious moments, store them in his mind so he could come back to them whenever he pleased. But soon even the doctor himself had to close his eyes in weariness, drifting off to sleep without knowing he wasn’t going to rest for very long.
- as John's legs collide with the bed behind him, he flops down on the mattress, with Sherlock in his lap. Still kissing, hands everywhere around each other.
John piped down immediately upon noticing Sherlock's sullen pout. It seemed it had been far too late to take any of what he'd said back so John could as well answer Sherlock’s question instead.
This time Sherlock deepened it, slipping his tongue in between John’s lips, rolling it round and against John’s tongue so eagerly so both of them couldn’t help but moan at the contact. Having to deny themselves such pleasures for the past few days had been a torture even for Sherlock who had been the one suggesting that they should not be allowed getting distracted while on a case.
“Come now.” Taking two steps, John reduces the distance between them to a few inches, bearing the most affectionate smile on his lips. “Don't tell me you'd rather spend all day lying on a beach.” He pokes Sherlock's side with his elbow, alas, it doesn't seem to help mollify him.
there, in flesh, glaring fondly at Sherlock while absently rubbing the rim of his mug, but Sherlock had no idea what to say. He couldn’t tell him the truth, not just yet. If John knew that Sherlock and Mycroft are after his wife, or worse, that Sherlock is supposed to be meeting her soon, he would either want to go with him or stop him. And that was something Sherlock wanted to prevent from happening.
What kind of an experiment requires you to work at night?
Scowling, he looks at the screen of his phone.
. Sherlock kept mentally repeating the man’s name, as if it was a way to remedy him. If there was anything he could do for John right now, he’d have done it without flinching. He would get up and pursue Mary, find her and kill her and that way avenge John even if it meant that he’d rot in the prison for the rest of his life.
Sherlock laggardly raised his hand to shush him. “
He raises up.
John gulps, blushing bashfully since it didn’t even occur to him at first. “I-I didn’t even know you owned a silk scarf, Sherlock, I found it this morning and-“
“Yes?”
Sherlock gives him the soppiest smile. “Yes.”
...exhausted. That's all.
Smiling through the tears, John pulls Sherlock into a hug, holding him tight for such a long time so once they draw back it’s nearly pitch dark already, only the lamp post above them casting soft, dim light upon their faces.
The kiss he leaves on John’s cheek speaks louder than thousand words.
you expect me to do? Kick them out of the hotel?”
“What?“
JOHN (CONT'D)
“And why on Earth would you keep such an information stored in that bloody mind palace of yours?“ John chuckled, tapping a finger over Sherlock’s forehead before he crossed his arms over his chest, which however as it turned out five seconds later wasn’t actually a good idea. Once Sherlock caught another breath he quickly grabbed John by his waist and rolled them over so John was now stuck beneath him.
is the kind of a sum I had in mind.”
“You know how I love when you do this to me-“ he makes an obscure gesture with his hand, clearing his throat, still a little sore from earlier but the smile on his lips doesn’t fade away. “If you wouldn’t mind though, I would like to get cleaned now. I enjoyed all of that, immensely so, John. I’ve never been able to immerse in your voice and touch like this. I
His entire life was revolving around Sherlock, a life that had been a grim and hapless one without him. John regretted every opportunity he had ever wasted, each single moment of not revealing that truth to him. Now it might have been too late as well, too much of a risk to take that step but John was willing to give everything so he could give Sherlock one more hint, anything, so Sherlock would finally understand how he felt about him. John had already toyed with the notion a couple of times in the past few months, he wanted to fight the fear and admit he was in love, but each time he back pedalled instead, concluding that it might have been as well an utterly unwise move, especially now, considering the current conditions. It didn't matter how heedfully he'd wanted to approach the topic. Sherlock was grieving, dealing with somewhat a dark secret he’d been reluctant to reveal for decades and Mary was determined to keep them separated, John realised, judging from the amount of virulent calls he’d already received that morning. But those words were on the tip of John’s tongue already, threatening to crawl out of his mouth in spite of his own will, in spite of such an inconvenient timing.
He's left ten minutes ago.
Silence. Ms. Ronder - she seems to be reconsidering it.
He pipes down. Silent for a moment, as if reconsidering, then looks back at John.
A female voice, calls his name.
, we have as much time as we want now, we don’t need to hurry if you don’t want to.“
(sighs)
Distressed. Pleading.
“Sorry, what did you say?“
John snorts, gives him an amused look.
John: gives a nod. Respectful.
“No. I just…I am keep making two, you know, just in case,“ Sherlock smiled softly. He mirrored John’s position and slouched down into his chair in front of that of John’s own. Their eyes met, but neither of them said a word. John took a sip from his mug, not leaving Sherlock’s eyes and so Sherlock had a chance to spot that shimmer of surprise and flattery when John realised it is his favourite tea he’s drinking - earl grey green, no sugar, right amount of cream and a light touch of a cinnamon.
Attempted, yes. It's not humanly possible to catch a bullet, John.
John wets his lips. He can practically feel Sherlock’s intense gaze, but he doesn’t dare to turn and meet his eyes. The concept of kissing Sherlock is... terrifying. In all the best ways John can imagine. He’s been longing for Sherlock ever since the day they met and now... now he might as well get a chance to
feel like it,“ John assured him. “I thought we’d already agreed on that. Sherlock, I don’t want to make you feel like I am pushing you into it. I do realise that I have been acting like a moron yesterday, but-“
fault they escaped.“
“Not housekeepers, clearly,” Sherlock replies through his teeth.
CUT TO:
“I told you he’d be here,” Sherlock nods toward the couple that’s just showed up strolling down the beach.
Ms. Ronder shivers at the mention of that name. She hesitates.
“Oh really?“ John scowled, crossing his arms over his chest. “So who gave away our true identities? Who couldn’t even
Ms. Ronder, skeptical. Her eyes go to John.
SHERLOCK
. I still do have a little treat for you right here.“
Sherlock blinked up at him, his own body betraying him. He was aware of how stupidly he must have looked but for a couple of moments he was capable of no more but staring petrified in shock at John. It wasn’t until John nearly gave up that he finally gathered up enough courage to reach for his hand, trying not to thinking about what reasons either of them had. He was drawn to John, like a moth to the flame.
SHERLOCK
Sherlock opens his mouth before realising he doesn't actually have an answer to that.
“I am not sure,“ she wavered, eyes flicking from one Holmes back to another, “I have my instructions-“
, I would never-“
“I thought that after all we’ve been through together, Sherlock, you’d be more honest with me,“ John admitted, gazing at Sherlock, patiently, until Sherlock finally turned to the side, locking their eyes. His face was rigid, unreadable, whatever Sherlock felt in that moment he must’ve kept it buried deep inside, concealing, hiding like a wounded animal in fear of bursting into tears in front of John.
Not in front of anyone else would Sherlock ever admit what he was about to. But he needed a straw to grasp on and had no other choice. He swallowed a few times, as if it were the words he tried to not let out, but then he glared at Mary’s dark, devilish face again and suddenly, those very words were falling out of his mouth even against his will.
CUT TO:
At those words, John's head all of a sudden peeks from behind the kitchen door. “Sherlock? A moment please?”
JOHN (CONT'D)
He was so lost in his thoughts so he didn’t even notice that he wasn’t alone any longer. He didn’t perceive until John piped up, his soft albeit exhausted voice snapping him out of brooding.
Panning from him to a laboratory flask in the middle of the table. A single flower in it. Sherlock's staring down at it. We're watching all of this from John's POV. Sherlock picks up the flower, frowns at it, then puts it back into the flask and repeats the same process twice more before finally deciding to leave the flower in there.
John crosses his arms. “Since when are you into massages?”
Sherlock, I need you to look at me now, please.
“Why on earth not, it’s not like-“
What are you doing here?
“I’ve never been on a date before,“ he confesses, the smile on his face turning rather rueful, feeling perhaps even ashamed at the thought.
He sank down into the chair, leaving out a heavy, shaky sigh afterwards. Sherlock nestled himself but felt anything but comfortable in the chair that belonged to the man whose life was at stake in those moments. Ignoring the tears that moistened his cheeks again, he ran his fingers across the arm of the chair, taking deep breaths, one after another in hopes of composing himself but it brought no calm upon the sharp pain in his chest.
“Why would I?” Sherlock giggles again, a bit breathlessly still, then strokes his hand up John's shaft, rubs his thumb over the tip and then down again to fold and massage his balls.
SHERLOCK
“That’s incredibly flattering, love, but you’re misunderstanding,“ John explains. “First of all, yes, our sex life couldn’t be more perfect, no objections whatsoever. But it’s not entirely about the sex itself. It’s definitely not about preventing you from seeing my face,“ he chuckles, reaching to brush Sherlock’s hand. “It’s just
avoiding sex again just because of a case, John,“ Sherlock said, nuzzling John’s face. “You’re chuckling but I am serious. Yes, it's totally worth it to defer at first and then release the tension all at once but far too perfect to neglect on a regular basis. Secondly, I am sure you have noticed that it hadn't been particularly helpful anyway. Third - not related but important nonetheless - we
“We would have to share a bed,“ Sherlock added, his eyes locked firmly upon John’s face. “Would you mind?“ The way Sherlock’s husky voice dropped so low was positively enrapturing. John was once again close from grabbing him by the shirt collar and pulling him down so to chain their lips at once but the mere sound of Sherlock’s voice, especially used in such seducing manner, made him forget how to function for a second.
“You owe me no explanations, John.“
John Watson, my partner. You may speak freely in his presence, he's perfectly trustworthy.
not the ones paying for it.”
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
Establishing shot. London Zoo. Aerial view.
A small, once a cosy flat, but there's barely any light in the room - the curtains are closed, so it appears to be very dark and grim.
JOHN (CONT'D)
“But, Sherlock,“ John continued, “you’re a human, you
Now on Sherlock, still wearing pyjamas, enters the kitchen with a yawn. At once, he comes to a freezing halt, does a double take upon noticing John, as if he isn't sure whether he is really there or not.
considered it a weakness or not. He was just trying to protect you from getting your feelings hurt. Sherlock, you’ve never meant to be alone, you’ve never been and you never will, you’ll always have
Once Sherlock entered the kitchen, John was already nestled in his chair, waiting for until the other man sets on the kettle. Sherlock didn’t mind serving John; he’s always been the one to make tea anyway, John barely ever touched the kettle, if so then only to make a coffee.
of this, Mycroft. But then again… I guess none of us is. Well, that being said, I still have no idea what to do, so - Oh, what a
“You are a
John contemplates, he cannot be certain of it.
Sherlock couldn’t resist quipping a little, he’d probably try to joke around even if his life trembled in the balance, even if he was facing his worst enemy who was about to end his life in the most sorrowful way possible. Mary replied in an instant but she naturally refused to play along.
“Mhm, should I turn us over now?“
On John, he's already put on trousers, now is buttoning up his shirt.
(sotto)
reason to be worried, John,“ Sherlock protested. “I think it would be for the best if you’d go now,“ he added quickly, sensing that John was about to raise another objection.
-Leonardo. But she couldn't provide the information I seek. I must ask Ms. Ronder herself.
“Of course,“ Sherlock nodded. “It was
“I mean, you have your fingers folded under your chin, you’re staring into the nothingness… I thought you were in your mind palace,“ John smiled, his eyes softening. He seemed to be exhausted and there was indeed something that has been worrying him, a somewhat heavy burden, but it was almost as if he didn’t want to be the one to bring up this subject upon the surface.
“Yes, me too,“ Sherlock cleared his throat. “But still… when I said
SHERLOCK
John stole one more kiss from Sherlock’s lips before he decided that it was finally the right time to try something new and so once pulling back from his mouth he kissed his chin and then licked up his jawline, his tongue tasting the smooth salty skin, leaving a wet trace behind before he reached Sherlock’s ear.
,“ Sherlock smiled softly.
“Ever since that moment I walked into that lab, I was all yours. I knew it that very second I first looked into your eyes. Before
John, swallows, nodding.
Sherlock, wake up...
SHERLOCK
with kisses.
John can’t help but chuckle at that. “I meant the
want to talk about what happened last night then.”
I am pretty sure everyone else I've ever met would disagree with you.
CUT TO:
?“ John stared agape at him, he’d rather brush off the notion that just crossed his mind but much to the terror, it was unfortunately making far too much sense. “Sherlock, you
As soon as Sherlock woke up the next morning he was about to sneak out of the bed as quietly as possible, but he didn’t even manage to lift his head up from John’s chest; the other man had been already awoken as it seemed.
“What is it you want this time, Sherlock?“
“Who - who are these people?” He gives a tense smile and puts his hand on the small of Sherlock's back.
“Of course you could,” John chuckles again, then lets out a tired sigh. “You could always read me like an open book. If only you stopped skipping pages...”
“Tell me one good reason why.“
cared about her, I - I mean I believed you did up until now,“ Sherlock sniffed, his breathing ragged and eyes welling up once he glanced back at John who himself had troubles holding back the tears.
Sherlock opened his mouth but no noise other than another whimper left his throat. John was now pressing against him again, bringing their groins close and so creating such a friction that Sherlock nearly lost all the control he had been possessing.
Still no answer, John didn’t even seem like he was paying attention to Sherlock anymore. He was just nervously crumpling the hem of his duvet, his forehead crinkled as if he was in somewhat deep state of thinking.
John, looks at Sherlock, then back at Dr. Mason.
POLICE OFFICER
in the world revolve around money?”
SHERLOCK (CONT'D)
“But Sherlock-“
then, I - It wasn’t particularly difficult to get the dates right,“ John admitted, crumpling the edge of the blanket. “I’ve had my doubts ever since the beginning, I haven’t been paying much attention to them at first, but - but then… then it turned out that my wife was in fact a cold-blooded assassin and quite a malicious liar so I couldn’t just let go off those suspicions. I am almost sure that I can in
“Yes?“ Sherlock raised an eyebrow, waiting for John until he’d continue explaining but John merely shook his head.
SHERLOCK
Sherlock opened his mouth only to close it again, swallowing dryly before finally locking their eyes again.
?“ Sherlock gasped, his heart hammering fast in anticipation.
DISSOLVE TO:
On John, at the counter. Takes two mugs, puts them in front of Sherlock, who's already taken a seat at the table.
(A short sequence. Wedding preparations driven by a happy, cheerful music)
CUT TO:
“You don’t like it,“ Sherlock pouted. It was a plain statement, he didn’t even have to ask.
Husband.
“We both are,“ Sherlock rolled his eyes, yet he was speaking in quiet a serious tone. “But right now, it’s
“Of course not,“ Sherlock swallowed hard, his chin trembling but Mary fortunately didn’t notice. “You did that once, threatened me to do so on several more occasions. But if I’d show even the slightest glimpse of fear, I provided you the joy of bringing me down on my knees before you fire a bullet through my head and that is something I simply can’t allow to happen.“
Sherlock's words break John's heart. John's eyes dart back to Sherlock - he looks as if desperate for a hug, but too shy to ask for it.
“Come on now, what is it, Sherlock?“ John purred, stopping halfway toward the music player.
“Did you expect that you'd return, make a few stupid jokes, we'd both laugh it off and I'd immediately forgive you and forget?”
“Listen,“ he glanced over her name tag, “
Do you think I should... start off with a clean state?
“John, please,“ Mycroft sniggered. “You two smitten pigeons should learn to not look at each other like you’re about to devour each other’s lips, especially not in the presence of other people. It’s
“I am not going anywhere,“ Sherlock exclaimed, not even realising that people that surrounded him were there to help John and not harm them.
John’s expression didn’t change. All Sherlock could read from his face was how deeply he was worried about him. Nothing that would suggest he cared at least a little about Mary nor her allies.
“May I touch you?” he purrs, ever so carefully suckling on John's earlobe.
“Why not?”
and a myriad of other people could hear them while spying from behind the door.
That horrid weather had actually reminded him of the night that happened so long as if it was during a past, different life they lived those days. It was a night they spent with John on the couch, tangled in blankets, laughing and eating leftovers of meal that could have been left in the fridge for days, but neither of them seemed to mind. There was a massive black out, it’s been cold and raining for days but Sherlock was in the middle of a case, first big one after solving the case of the Baskerville Hound and so he naturally refused to take a break even though all the odds were against him.
“I might. I might not. I can still sleep on the sofa.”
“We're
Good. Now, show me what you've written so far. I want to see the new ones.
John has sat down too.
No one has ever mattered for me more than you. I can’t believe I am going to say this out loud but… if-if I had known how important I was for you, if I knew how deeply you care about, me I would have never, baby or not, I would have
What happened? Are you okay?
A few seconds of silence pass before John pipes up again.
“Sherlock…“ John’s hand twitched, he yearned to reach and wrap his arms around Sherlock’s body, never letting go off him, assure him he was worth much more he’d been thinking of himself. His entire self ached at the sight of Sherlock shrinking so small in front of him, full of insecurities, pain, doubt and fear.
John immediately hugs back, running a hand down Sherlock's back to soothe him.
SHERLOCK
carefully pressing the tip of his cock against Sherlock’s lips as soon as his kneels dip into the mattress. Sherlock immediately gropes John’s thighs, angling his head so he can lick the glans and suck so teasingly slowly at first so John’s reduced to a cursing mess in the very beginning. The very next moment these same low, guttural growls spur Sherlock so he decides to skip now so tedious teasing. He starts sucking with almost a carnal voracity, using no hands but his dexterous tongue and lips to draw the most enthusiastic moans out of the man above him, catching John so off guard so he nearly loses his balance.
Ignoring this, Sherlock prompts John to stop.
John and Sherlock taking wedding photos.
The police plays no part in this, Ms. Ronder. Trust me, Leonardo will get what he deserves.
Sherlock tilts his head, somewhat disgruntled frown on his face as he fiddles with the cutlery. “What does this mean? Are we suppose to eat from the same plate? Like the two cartoon dogs?“
John smiles again, failing at hiding how much Sherlock's words affect him. “As flattering as that sounds, Sherlock,“ he says, blushing faintly, “you’re already doing more than enough. A cup of tea whenever you deduce I need one, breakfast each morning, keeping an eye on me each night to make sure I sleep well - yes, I know you do that, don’t give me that
Aren't you dying to share funny anecdotes with me?
“W-what happened,“ he stammered, “why-why didn’t you tell me sooner?“
“This is not a
after whatever happens tonight but for now... he allows himself to get lost in the moment.
,“ Sherlock blurts out before realising what he’s actually doing. His voice nearly gives in but he utters the words anyway, not only because it’s so important for John to hear it but because it’s nothing but true.
He begins to fall, slowly, slowly-
, Sherlock. We’ve wasted
“So you can imagine it?“ John hoped he didn’t sound too fretful since one of his last intentions was to startle Sherlock.
“That’s… all you’re going to say?“
I promised I would. It was an attempted murder, after all.
uncomfortable.“
“Why, yes, 221 was already taken,” Sherlock says with an amused smile, then takes out the keycard from his pocket and proceeds to unlock the door. “Shall we?”
was always right,“ Sherlock remarked. “Caring is a
feels but no matter how hard he's tried, he just can't bear to conceal it anymore.
Panning from him to the 221B on the front door. Holding on for a moment.
“I think that Mary is perfectly capable of taking care of herself, Sherlock,“ John uttered instead, avoiding Sherlock’s observing gaze.
“Oh- t-tonight already?“ John rubbed the back of his neck. “I thought-I thought you were going to spend a night working on Mary’s case.“
It wasn’t until much later when Sherlock opened his eyes again, blinking away the tears, sniffing quietly in sorrow that didn’t seem to fade. He sensed that someone was now standing by his side but still winced like a rabbit upon realising that he was not alone anymore. At first he could see only the silhouette of a person towering above him but then, once his eyes got used to the light again, he could tell it is his brother who’s joined him.
So, who are they supposed to be? Former employees who got unjustly fired?
I concur. You're the second smartest person I know.
That's... not what I was going to say.
He looks away, abashed, folding his arms behind back.
Do me a favour and step away from my boyfriend.
“Spare me the details, you sleaze. I know what I saw.”
“Well...
“Of course,“ he replies, corners of his lips curving into a shy smile.
“I apologised,” he asserted, fighting back the tears that all of a sudden started to burn his eyes. “Do you want me down on my knees?”
“It’s Mary,“ he added with a sigh when Sherlock didn’t seem to be ready to reply. Sherlock’s heart skipped a beat upon hearing that name. Mary. She was supposed to text him any minute. There was no excuse Sherlock had prepared in case it happens while John is still around.
? That’s absurd, that’s nothing like you, John.“
find boring?”
, Sherlock. My hands work perfectly.“ Once John had prepared all he needed to clean Sherlock’s skin, he poured a few drops of solution onto the cotton ball and then carefully applied it to the cut on Sherlock’s cheek to sterilize it.
“Fair enough. But it
around me all the time. You could use some fresh air, go out for a change.“
(shrugs)
Only now, Sherlock starts to realise what he had said. Blushes, embarrassed.
John, typing: It's okay. You do realise we live together, right?
with you?“ Sherlock interjected, an unreadable expression on his face. There was a hint of a coquettish smirk upon his lips, brows tugged in a similarly flirtatious manner but there was a glimmer of insecurity in his eyes and redness building up high on his cheeks.
Sherlock almost wished John would avoid his eyes while doing so, eyes incredibly dark now that his pupils were so blown due to arousal, eyes glinting with desire, piercing through Sherlock as he held his hand so gently, licking up and down the digits and twirling his tongue in the most obscene fashion, moaning still quietly but intensively enough so Sherlock felt every vibration pulsing through his body.
Now close on his hands, revealing no wedding ring. He's fiddling with his fingers, trying to keep himself occupied.
SHERLOCK
Sherlock, I don't think you're crazy.
“God, you do realise you are actually damn adorable, right?“
Sherlock’s smile happens to be so insufferably lovely, John can’t help but lean closer and kiss his cheek once again, this time letting his lips to linger for a little while before he pulls back.
“How could I say no, Mycroft,“ Sherlock grinned for himself.
As they reach the altar, Sherlock's mum turns to John, kisses his cheeks, then turns to Sherlock, does the same.
At the last minute Sherlock decides against uttering the whole truth. This is neither the right time nor occasion to confess the vastness of his love for John.
“See, were we a real couple, this is where I'd probably-”
Thank you. John Hamish Watson, do you take, William Sherlock Scott Holmes, to be your lawfully wedded husband?
With an irritated sigh, Sherlock finished his cigarette and lazily dragged himself off the couch but only to go and grab another one from his stash. He kept grumbling to himself as he shuffled across the dimly lit flat but couldn't be bothered to turn on the lights, not when he planned to return to sulking on the couch anyway.
Then you deserve to know. Everything.
“Now, that's a bit rude, don't you think?”
It was
to get ourselves a shower. As soon as we return home I am getting rid of that old tub, John.“
deceiving people. But you said it yourself – we can't tell Harrington the truth. If we told him that his nephew had hired us to spy on him, he'd be raging. And so would the nephew. And besides, we're not officially working for anyone, which, as much as I hate to admit, gives Harrington every right to cause us troubles. Would be different if we actually
Do. Tell Lestrade to come tomorrow morning.
John blinks, processing this. A few moments pass, his left fist clenches again. At last, he rises from the chair, heads for the door, his head lowered.
- Mary Morstan, the bride in white. She's aiming her gun, right at Sherlock - who has frozen in spot, cannot move.
?“ John sat up, his mouth hanging open in awe.
He's raving, he's completely delirious.
Sherlock’s hands freeze mid-act. Trying to think of an appropriate response, he zones out for a moment, perceiving only after realising that John is tying a scarf around his neck.
days in the same room with anyone but you? Nonsense.”
MRS. HUDSON
On Sherlock.
“Tell me, am I doing something wrong? I don’t understand,“ Sherlock lamented, tears sparkling in his eyes. Once after he finally lifted his gaze again, there was no doubt about how hurt and insecure he really felt.
“Oh, you mean those seven minutes you were gone
Sherlock sighs with a touch of theatricality to it. “You of all people should know that
SHERLOCK
“You okay?“
kisser yourself.”
CUT TO:
Sherlock attempted to react but the sound he made was more of an aborted whimper than an actual word. He tried to put the pieces together, make sense of what John was trying to explain to him but the mere concept of John Watson choosing him of all people over everybody else sounded too surreal to be true. One thing however, he had finally accepted. Pretending for any longer turned out to be futile. Mary was still the same volatile person she had always been, fooling him all over again, using and humiliating John even who appeared to be anything but happy by her side. Which naturally meant, much to Sherlock's horrific realisation, that if John decided to leave her now, it would put his life in peril since she was not only capable but more than willing to get a revenge on him. Sherlock had seldom felt so guilty and angry at himself for drawing so many wrong conclusions. Fixing that situation might have as well been impossible at that point but Sherlock would rather get tortured again than not giving it one more try. He had vowed to be always there for John after all, for him and the baby who was now, along with the attempt to keep John safe, the only reason why he still hesitated to fully support John’s decision which seemed to be leaving Mary in that very moment.
I know I am.
-“ Sherlock’s voice gave in once again, fading out into a heavy shaky sigh.
?“ He snickered, quickly shedding off his jeans and pants once Sherlock finally managed to unbuckle his belt and then helped Sherlock to strip off his own trousers. Sherlock reached to undress himself completely too but John beat him to it. He fiddled with the waistband for a short moment before swiftly rolling his pants down, still kissing him with somewhat filthy voracity. They stood stark naked in front of each other only for a second before John grasped Sherlock’s hips and lifted him up, glaring at him with the most suggestive smile.
SHERLOCK
The silence was suddenly so daunting, so thick, Sherlock felt he could suffocate if he didn’t break it. “I – I know I
because they’d fancy me.“
For the first time, the client gives a small, pleased smile. “
“You don’t have to be embarrassed, my dear,“ she shook her head, placing the tray on the stool next to John’s chair. Both Sherlock and John sincerely hoped she was just about to turn around and leave but once Mrs Hudson was done serving Sherlock his morning cup of tea she simply couldn’t resist bantering a little.
“But don’t you delete unimportant stuff?“
So... What you are saying is that...
you're actually sorry at all,” John sniffed, avoiding Sherlock's gaze again.
He returns to eating, but only for a moment. Notices that Sherlock hasn't started eating yet, just stares at John, eagerly, as if waiting for something.
Sherlock snapped at the lady who answered him sooner she managed to ask a question, but despite him trying to cool down right after, he could barely explain what happened, his voice cracked more than just once and on the verge of tears it was anything but easy to offer only the truly important information.
SHERLOCK
I am getting scared.
for him, I know what’s best for him and it’s certainly not
Baffled, Sherlock blinks at him, his eyes flicking between the toast in John’s hand and his face. “What exactly are you doing John?”
Christ, he could have died!
Sherlock, however, didn’t blame John for being so curious. Sherlock himself had gone to great lengths just so he’d dug information about John’s past. But such an atrocious, ugly, so excruciatingly painful truth
“Just a moment please. Then I’ll go back to rest, I promise,“ he faked a smile until she turned around to give them some more privacy again.
Alright. I'll check your inbox, then. See if there's anything interesting.
Squints at the screen. Doesn't know the number.
It takes John a second to comprehend. Before he so much as lets out a single word, Sherlock brings him into yet another kiss and clumsily leads him toward their room. As they halt at door number 222, John shoves his hand into Sherlock's trouser pocket, rummaging for the card while Sherlock tries to stifle his moans. Which is practically impossible, seeing as how John's hand moves so dangerously close to his groin.
, Sherlock,“ he explains. “I don’t think I am fully prepared yet but will I ever really be? How does one prepare to face the world, looking like I do?“
SHERLOCK
“What the-why are you picking it?“ John groaned not even trying to cover the disappointment in his voice.
JOHN (CONT'D)
You're not angry at me?
SHERLOCK
MRS. HUDSON
Well, I, for one, know that isn't quite true.
You're not talking and I am beginning to lose my patience. Why am I here, hm? Here, of all places...
SHERLOCK
MYCROFT
From John's POV - Noticing the TV, Sherlock freezes at the doorway. Looks at John, somewhat surprised to see him.
“Don’t tell me you’ve never had a clue, Sherlock.
“Can I have a seat then?“
MARY (CONT'D)
Hm. And isn't kitchen supposed to be a place where you eat?
Sherlock - speechless, just stares at John, completely, hopelessly infatuated.
The voice Sherlock heard was coming from a distance; it was a voice familiar, yet there was something different about it, something odd. This voice was mellow and soft, uttering Sherlock’s name with grace and profound love, yet he couldn’t see the person pronouncing these words, all he saw was darkness as black as the starless night.
John stares, Mary doesn't even turn to look at the person who's now stepped from the darkness, turning out to be-
“And yet you’re still willing to go after her,“ John sighed deeply, his voice filled with worry. “Why do I have a feeling that you two are trying to beat one another in this twisted game of who will get the other one killed first?“
“Wh-what are you doing, John?“
“She’s clearly planning to kill me,“ Sherlock hissed, strolling around the room. “Or… hurt me at least.“
I do have a theory, but you won't like it. I assume Ms. Ronder's face... has been horribly mangled. It's why she's covering it.
But I can't prove he's done it. And even if I could, nobody in this world can guarantee me safety.
. Both you and I needed some air, sore feet or not. Besides, I don't know about you, but I didn't feel like going straight home. After what happened earlier.
“But I think,” he continues, cupping John's cheek with his right hand, his thumb tenderly brushing along the seam of John's lips. “It's time to admit that neither me nor you were... well,
But once he reaches to cup Sherlock’s cheek and bring him even closer, Sherlock whimpers into his open mouth and then... abruptly pulls back, panting and staring at John, wide-eyed, feeling like he’s just done something he should be terribly ashamed of.
feel about her. It shall be your choice, whatever you decide to do. I just fear you really didn't think this through at all. What I believe is that we should wait until Mary gives birth. You must keep on pretending you are clueless, if you accused her of infidelity without any evidence, she could claim you’re just making
Why, do you want me to?
John gulps, heart thundering in his ears. He could as well moan out loud or make a similarly inappropriate sound and he wouldn’t even be aware of it. It actually takes him solid five seconds to realise that his hand is still hovering in the air and he’s gaping at Sherlock like a fish. Embarrassed to the very core of his self, he quickly leans back in his seat, trying to refocus on his breakfast but God, does he need an ice cold shower right now...
?“ John frowned but Sherlock simply gave him that kind of a telling look that explained everything.
At last.
You heard me.
“I’ve simply lost the interest in… kissing, sex and dating,“ he shrugged in John’s arms, not even trying to argue with him. “Or at least I’ve willingly given up on these desires in order to concentrate on things that I thought were more important. Things I thought were more suited up for such a man like me. I started relaying solely on my brain, I rarely ever listened to my heart again. I thought I am not worthy, John and so I built walls around myself in order to not get-“
“I – I… I don’t get it,“ Sherlock shook his head, glancing at John for only a split of second befre quickly averting his eyes again. “I thought that you
He pipes down, as if a thought has occurred to him. His eyes go up, he looks around the room again, scrutinising. Looks at the skull painting on the wall. The original one.
,“ he pointed at Mary, “put that gun down or I swear I am going to shoot you.“
, John,“ Sherlock sighed deeply, as if the heaviest burden was resting upon his shoulders. He threw one more dejected glance in John’s direction before he turned around, striding toward the door without even grabbing his coat.
decision. Sooner or later, I’d have to leave this place anyway. Postponing the moment will make it only more difficult. I have to
On the vicar.
“I… oh my God, John... you’re making me-“
Holding on his face-
LESTRADE
Sherlock, looking around the room, searching for the source of the voice. Something's wrong, terribly wrong. He's beginning to panic.
“I could get used to this,” John admits as he walks through, Sherlock right at his heels. “But you still didn’t answer my question.”
your senses, bringing you pleasure, Sherlock,
Quickly, he tries to pacify Sherlock, talking to him, calm, sensitive, in spite of Sherlock panicking.
“Well, you're not
Same number?
(A beat)
And at that the door opens, Mrs. Merrilow emerges from inside.
“Why, my boy, tell you what? I just received a call from your brother. He said you’re not responding and so he had to-“
Yes... No!
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
,“ he started carefully, taking a deep breath to compose himself. He wasn’t used to speak so bluntly in front of Sherlock. It took a great amount of effort and courage to be able to open up like that. “I-I don’t want to stay with you just because your brother asked me to. I want to stay because, for a thousandth time, I worry about you. I
is what you’re here for, then do me a favour and go back to where you came from. How even did you learn about what happened?“
NO!!!
“Did you just-“ Sherlock gasped, blinking and opening his mouth like a confused little boy who’s just seen a magic trick for the very first time.
“So you’re not angry with me?“ Sherlock asked as such in anticipation of receiving a negative answer. He slowly drew his hand away but this sudden loss of contact with John made the world feel as grim as if there were no colours anymore. Everything was just grey and gloomy again.
“What’s wrong?“ John lazily shuffled out of the bedroom with a sleepy yawn. Wearing nothing but a buttoned-down shirt and pants, he headed straight toward Sherlock who sat in front of the laptop in the sitting room – fingers intertwined under his chin, eyes focused on the screen, his mind working at full pelt. As soon as John approached him, he encircled his arm around Sherlock’s shoulders, pecking his ruffled mess of hairs.
Aren't you supposed to be helping people out?
I think that's enough, Ms. Ferguson, don't you?
“I am a doctor, Sherlock. Let
“It's quite obvious, John,“ Sherlock sighed, but there was no haughtiness in his voice witch which he so smugly used to enlighten people. “Despite everything I’ve just learnt, we have to bear in mind that not much has actually changed. Your wife is going to give birth in two weeks. I am afraid there is nothing we can do, at least not until then. You have to agree on that with me, John.“
people to think we’re a couple.
A small gasp catches in Sherlock's throat. At once and without hesitation, he leans to close the gap between them and kisses John,
“God, look at us both,“ he titters, wiping Sherlock’s tears away. “
Angelo's restaurant, from A STUDY IN PINK. Sherlock and John seated at a table. Enjoying a romantic dinner - italian, two glasses of wine, candle burning in between them.
Claire De La Lune.
Sherlock-
forever,“ Sherlock argued, disrupting John mid-sentence. “John, I am not forcing you into doing something that I know you find uncomfortable. I would never again do anything like that, especially now, that I know how you
Fortunately, they arrive at their destination before John definitely loses it. Still, the tension in the air is palpable and John's steps are nothing short of hesitant as he and Sherlock walk down the hallway. There's but a few dozens of metres separating them and their suite and John can't for the love of him imagine what happens once they reach it.
“Wait- am I not going to make you feel uncomfortable if I am going to-?“
John frowned, words escaping his throat even though he’d rather put an instant end to such a conversation. “
The sun has already risen above the horizon when Sherlock collapsed into John’s chair again, he must’ve spent hours in the bathroom without even noticing it. His head fell against the back of the chair and despite all spent effort he couldn’t keep his eyes opened any longer. He didn’t sleep for almost two days, still not nearly close to the amount of sleepless night he experienced during his stay in Serbia, but it was, as proven a while ago, enough to make him deprived.
Okay, maybe once. Or twice. Clearly, I misjudged. You're often a lot more observant than I am, John. It's been proven to me many times over the past few years.
John but crossed his arms, though, and nodded understandingly. “You seem to be perfectly contented, then.”
“Aren't you impatient?” Sherlock giggles, but before John manages to retort, Sherlock quickly licks his palm, clasps it over the base of John's cock and tentatively twists his wrist a few times.
“If I am not mistaken, this house must’ve belonged to your family, am I not right? Your mother was of English origin, so naturally, you’ve most likely inherited it from
(smiles)
dull, I am an idiot, and it’s me who screwed up the most in the end.I shouldn’t have listened to Mary I shouldn’t have gone and met up with her.Yes, I couldn’t know that Mycroft’s people are such treasonable rats but Mycroft himself warned me and I wasn’t listening.“
Mrs. Hudson sits opposite him. Listens.
“Yeah, I know. Me neither,” Sherlock smiles understandingly, blushing ever so little.
“You'd want me to?” Sherlock murmurs and kisses John's nape, clasping his hand around his cock and carefully pushing the head between John's cheeks. Barely an inch but enough to draw another moan out of John's throat.
Sherlock smirks. Enters.
He rose up from the chair and without being any concerned about the mess he left on the table behind he headed for the door. But almost as if Mary could read his mind, she sent him another text in the moment Sherlock’s hand was already hovering over the door handle.
They arrive at the beach shortly before noon and quickly find just the right spot to lay a blanket, relatively far from where the rest of the people are sunbathing. John, however, notices that Harrington himself doesn’t seem to be among them.
“You’re never going to get rid of me again, you silly idiot,“ he added in this typical mock-serious manner once Sherlock frowned at him all puzzled.
? But why would he-?”
I am here because we take our guests' complaints and wishes very seriously but the truth is, you don't have any proof to back up your accusations.”
“He'll leave us alone if we start snogging right in front of his nose,” Sherlock utters under his breath. “I know we haven't kissed since
LESTRADE
he'd be here?”
needs to talk to Sherlock in private and knows very well that if he doesn't do it
A few moments later, we hear a single beep - John's phone on the nightstand - startles him awake. Takes him a couple of seconds to wake up properly. He grabs the phone, squints at the screen, trying to read the message he's just received, evidently from Sherlock.
“What makes you think she cheated on you?“ Sherlock asked, almost as if he wasn’t even listening.
No, no, please don't finish that sentence, Sherlock. I told you... I'd never hurt you. Nor I'd ever forgive anyone who would dare to lay a finger on you. You... You matter to me, more than anything.
John, gazing up at him, profoundly worried. Sherlock's pale, looks troubled, almost upset, failing to hide it.
On John, looks at Sherlock, grinning from ear to ear.
SHERLOCK
Closer on Sherlock's face. Profoundly nonplussed.
“Sherlock, I am never going to leave you, no one,
“Car.“
“It seems that’s the only way I ever learn a thing.“
“What reason she has to kill me? I am on her side. At least that’s what she believes in.“
(a moment of realisation)
John, disconcerted.
She turns her head ever so slightly.
“Damn, John,” Sherlock groans. “You've heard every word. It's barely a
“I love you, John.“
John frowns, tilts his head as if to ask 'what?'.
Embarrassed, Sherlock leaps from the bed.
Nobody who has an access to this vault has red hair.
SHERLOCK
“May I?“
SHERLOCK
,“ he breathed out, “I should have said something the first time I stood here, but… I just couldn’t,“ he shrugged apologetically. “Not in front of all those people. Not in front of
Hospital. Mycroft. Sherlock’s hand slipped into the pocket of his coat upon remembering what was still residing at the bottom. Temptation to simply light up the cigarette he just pulled out was too strong, breathe in smoke, clear his mind off of dirt and mess and misery. But he didn’t do it.
Sherlock has made dozens attempts to reach out to him in the past few months but each one of them was vehemently ignored. John hasn’t been the same man lately, not ever since the incident that has so irrevocably changed his life. He has shut himself off from Sherlock, seeking loneliness, convinced that the fight he has to endure he has to endure all by himself. But as it turns out, it’s a fight he’s slowly losing, failing at beating the demons that have been tormenting him for such a long time. Much to Sherlock’s horror.
“Are you okay?” John has taken a step toward Sherlock, making sure not to sound like he is about to reproach him.
Don't bother.
“Sorry, I'll be... I am going to take a shower. Or something.”
John is still staring at the paper in his hands. Doesn't seem to be paying much attention to Mycroft.
On John: He frowns, looks over his shoulder.
Everything?
John succeeds at keeping a straight face for only the briefest moment before he loses it and dissolves to giggles. “And here I thought you wouldn't notice.”
we can’t afford this. Do remind me, Sherlock, why didn't you let the client pay our stay? Who the hell is going to anyway?” By now, they’ve already reached the front door, which Sherlock not only gallantly holds open for John but he does so with a smile. Thank God, he must have already forgotten about the dreadfully embarrassing cab ride. Or so it seems.
“Fuck, Sherlock, look at you, look at you, beautiful, so beautiful and - my God, you feel so good, so wonderful-“
“It’s always about John, isn’t it?“ Mycroft sighed in a manner that clearly suggested he’s more than just a little worried.
SHERLOCK
Just like old times. And then some.
He swiftly unbuttoned John’s shirt, bent over John’s body and pressed his palms flat against the middle of his chest, pushing down, counting the number of compressions he made, all while his eyes have been hovering over John’s pale face.
“For God’s sake, Mrs Hudson-“ Sherlock fumed, heat building up in his cheeks as he quickly jerked away from John who was as equally red in his face. Mrs Hudson managed to interrupt them in the worst moment imaginable.
,“ Sherlock stuttered as he scrambled up to his feet at last, not even bothering to sort himself. “I guess I – I should be going, I shouldn’t even be here to begin with, this turned out to be a horrible idea-“ he sighed, contradicting his own words, however, as he took two wobbly steps toward the headstone.
I want to know where she is.
SHERLOCK
“I am fine. Why wouldn’t I be?” he gives John a guilty look, then bows his head. “What about, uhm... you?”
Sherlock couldn't be further from contented but he didn't say anything and took another drag instead.
Sherlock frowned. “Doing what?“
John, despite himself, bites his lip.
“Angelic,” John murmurs, the corners of his lips curling upwards.
“I-I am sorry, I didn't mean to...
“Sherlock, you should leave Mary alone,“ John yelped. “I don’t like the idea of you risking your life all over again just so you can get your revenge or whatever. Truth be told, I’d like to not talk about Mary at all. At least not while I am still stuck in this bloody hospital. I am sure we’ll have to go through this once I am back home anyway.“
“Stop keep apologising,“ Sherlock nudged him, giggling quietly. “It’s fine,“ his nose crinkled as he pulled John into one another, this time deeper kiss.
(listens)
On Leonardo. He turns to look behind his shoulder. Frowns, confused, doesn't even move.
,“ he thundered. “I’d rather die a thousand times, I’d rather relive all the horrendous torture I’ve been through, if it meant that John will remain safe and happy.“
“Are you working on a new case?“ he asks after a moment of silence
“What do you mean, stay for longer?“ he trifled with a smirk, taking a step closer toward the other man.
John has to bite his tongue so he would stop himself from making a dirty comment. “As you wish then,“ he sniggers after a while, making once again sure that Sherlock is truly ready before passing the first piece of food toward his lips. Something that Sherlock, much to John’s amusement, recognises the moment he is able to smell it.
(softly)
(sotto)
The day John was meant to leave the hospital they had however even more important topics to discuss. John might have been allowed to go home, but neither of them gave much thought to
“Hm. I am afraid an apology won't do. You owe me for taking a dig at my intellect.”
Upon registering John’s raised brow Sherlock decided that he should shut his mouth and help his new and old flatmate into the foyer.
Crack. Shot. Fire and scream. Sherlock’s name on John’s lips as he threw himself in front of the man, collapsing into his arms the second after the bullet drilled into his flesh. It all happened too quickly, almost as if someone hit fast forward. The very next thing Sherlock was aware of was John’s hand spasmodically clasping the sleeve of his coat as he drew them both down on the floor. Sherlock fortunately perceived soon enough to catch him under his waist, wrapping his other arm around his torso. Their eyes met the moment before John’s body stiffened in Sherlock’s embrace and in the same moment his face uncovered every so far carefully hidden emotion, hitting Sherlock as painfully as if he’s been the one receiving the shot.
“I’ve got work to do,“ he replied at last, but such answer was for nothing but to make John pry like a monkey.
Late for what?
nervous.
Under perfectly normal circumstances, John would agree to that without a missing a beat. But these are clearly not perfectly normal circumstances.
POLICE OFFICER
John was about to scold at Sherlock once he opened the door for him, he considered this favour being a little over the top already but as soon as his eyes fell upon the room, he completely forgot what he was about to reproach him for. His mouth simply fell open at the sight. This wasn’t Baker Street he remembered, not at all. The sitting room itself was too neat, no piles of clutter all around, stacks of papers, notes, old books and magazines nowhere to be found, curtains were wide opened, letting the warm sunrays come through crystal clean windows. John had to pinch himself in order to make sure that he was not dreaming.
(mutters to himself)
Why not? I am pretty sure that nobody understood that joke.
You tell me. She couldn't have torn her eyes off you. It was annoying.
“Mhm. Do me a favour and pick something so outrageously expensive it will make Mycroft’s head spin.”
Through the open door - we get to see Sherlock, shambling across the kitchen. Sleepy, rubbing his eyes.
“Sherl... Sherlock?” Patting Sherlock's arm turns out to be of no use, merely elicits a displeased whine from him. It's only after John's slightly shaking hand reaches to stroke Sherlock's cheek, that he scrunches up his nose and slowly opens his eyes.
No. I am really not.
SHERLOCK
“What are you-oh, fuck,
On John's face - looks positively puzzled, lost for words.
SHERLOCK
The moment he was about to give up, almost as a sign that he shouldn’t, about a half dozen of people rushed up the stairs and down the hallway, approaching Sherlock and the man he was now just hopelessly embracing in his arms.
CUT TO:
He had been using, Dr. Watson. A lot. Which must have made his dreams much more intense. Judging from his behaviour, Sherlock cannot seem to be able to distinguish between the reality and his imagination. At least not yet.
. I told you already. I will be here for you until my last breath because
but innocent, John, “ Sherlock snorted, lightly offended. “I hope you won’t treat me like a weakling from now on,“ he raised an eyebrow. “Just because I have gave you my entire heart and told you such intimate and embarrassing things? For your information, I am still the same nerve wrecking and obnoxious bastard like before, John,“ Sherlock smirked cheekily, pulling John down back into a little rough, hasty kiss to prove it but it all backfired the moment John took the lead again.
Sherlock’s lips curled into a wide smile.“How could I
“I didn't let the client pay our stay because as soon as he made the offer I imagined what Mycroft's reaction to us going undercover as a couple would be and I wanted to test if my prediction was right. It was. He had a laughing fit and swore he’ll pay all of our expenses if we, I quote,
Yes, and you were right, as always.
SHERLOCK (CONT'D)
? The possibility makes John's head spin.
And Sherlock? All back to normal? I haven't seen him, since... Well, you know.
“John, for God’s sake, what even is your point?“ Sherlock snarled through his gritted teeth, choking back a sob that was about to escape his throat. “What do you expect me to do? Am I supposed to - to cry my heart out? Should I wallow in tears for
after and have some... marvellous sex to celebrate?“ he snickered, repositioning himself just a little so John would have a better access to sneak his hand between his legs.
Still my fault.
“But you saved my life,“ Sherlock objected.
Um, I'll... make you a cup of tea, okay?
“I know, I know, love, don’t worry,“ John cooed, catching Sherlock’s bottom lip in between his own, sucking only playfully before drawing back, both his hands now sliding up Sherlock’s back. First he tenderly removed Sherlock’s shirt off his shoulders, pulling the fabric down his arms so slowly and sensually so Sherlock’s skin tingled. Leaning so close so he could brush their lips again, John buried his fingers inside Sherlock’s hair, gently massaging his scalp just the way Sherlock loved it the most.
Mary - stone cold face.
“Ridiculous, you took the precautions. You are watching her every move, she’s like a monkey on a string, no way she would be able to do anything you didn’t know about.“
“Yes, I want you, John, I want you-“ Sherlock rolled his hips again, moaning into John’s open mouth, too preoccupied to notice that John withdrew both his hands, rushing to pick one of the bottles from the shelf.
You did have to take that photo, didn't you?
(chortles)
SHERLOCK
(his eyes go wide)
-is why he's calling.
to... to pretend that I am your...
SHERLOCK
Mary... No. No, that's not possible. She couldn't have... She's dead.
SHERLOCK
“But this guilt I feel is no worse than the fact that the bullet was meant for
“Wait,“ John’s mind suddenly clicked in a horrible realisation. “The torture you’ve been talking about without knowing I am listening… is this the-“
Sherlock, before we met, I was just a... A broken man. But you picked me up and put me back together. Nobody else could. You cured my limp, you healed my heart and soul. You brought me back to life. And I am all yours, Sherlock and I promise to love, cherish and protect you until my last breath. I love you.
affected by what she’d done to me. Yes, you
“B-but, John,“ Sherlock objected, stammering throughout his response. “You-you wanted to know, remember? The truth, the answers, the-“
“Oh, you’re rather good.“
“Well, we can always try harder. But I doubt you’d agree to
SHERLOCK
“Are you feeling better?“
I am here because you said you need me, nothing else matters to me.
I might not be the brightest person under the Sun, Sherlock, but I did find it a tad suspicious that she had disappeared the very night you'd got shot. And besides... She's always been wearing too much perfume.
Drawing a long breath, Sherlock looks back to Lestrade...
MRS. HUDSON
“I-I know,“ Sherlock purses his lips, “I just-“
CUT TO:
“No, John,“ Sherlock  cut him short, gently rubbing his thumb over the back of John’s hand. “Didn’t you say we should forget about the past? We have all the time in the world, don’t we? We have the present, the future, it’s all ours. You were right, we should bury the past forever and simply enjoy what we have together now.“
John blinks at him, twice, thrice, before finally blurting out '
“Because... it’s what couples do?”
“That's not what I was...” John piped down abruptly and with another sigh on his lips, he stole himself a small kiss. “I guess I need more time, is all. It's going to take a while but regardless, I can't and don't want to imagine living without you for one more second.”
“Now, before I end your miserable life,
“Yeah, I guess you’re right, I am sorry. I just needed to make sure you haven’t changed your mind.“
We can hear this person talking, but Sherlock's still too disoriented to listen.
, Sherlock. It was your idea anyway.“
He's in this state because of me. I shouldn't have told him anything.
“Sherl-“
Sherlock, I swear to you, whatever... horrors you've endured, it's over. You're awake, you're here with me and I, am here with you, right here. Soon you'll remember all of it very differently. It's not alright, no, not yet, but it will be, I promise.
, I-I do want to stay here, is that… is that not obvious?“
“Then why am I here?“
John smiled, ruefully. “Something I should have told you ages ago.“
“Oh,” Sherlock sucks his bottom lip into his mouth and looks away, almost as if disheartened about something, but it's only a split of a moment before he meets John's eyes again. And with a smile on his face, no less.
John and Sherlock toasting and sharing a kiss while people clap.
“You trying to be funny?“
Establishing shot - the hospital.
SHERLOCK
“I doubt Mary came back, John, if that’s why are you afraid of.“
For the first time since forever, John smiles. It’s a sad, weary smile, barely noticeable but a smile nonetheless, making Sherlock's heart flutter.
Fine...
. I didn’t know you’d been
“This is
Murdered. Brutally. It ate her.
John looks up from the papers - a furtive glance at Sherlock. He smirks.
SHERLOCK (CONT'D)
“Oh, God...”
do?” John asks, a hint of a teasing tone as he puts his hands on Sherlock's shoulders and begins to gently knead. The whimper that's just left Sherlock's mouth is soon followed by another and another when John shifts to sit behind him and presses his palms more firmly against the bare skin.
will ever draw as apart again,“ he sobbed in a half-whisper, directly against Sherlock’s parted lips. Neither of them noticed when the tears started rolling down their cheeks.
Sherlock gazes at him for a while but then turns to stare at the ceiling instead. There's something sad behind his eyes.
“Sh-Sherlock-“
Close on his face: Brooding, tired. Weary eyes suggests that he hasn't slept much lately. He's been through a lot.
Hello?
At that, John titters, shaking his head in amusement. “That’s the nicest thing you’ve ever said to me. Which is funny, considering that we were bickering just an hour ago.”
A beat. Sherlock breathing hard, as if in shock and then suddenly-
Sherlock
turn?“ Sherlock bolts up in excitement but John gently pushes him back down on the mattress.
It takes Sherlock several moments to grasp what's happening. But once he does... The realisation hits him like a bucket of ice cold water thrown in his face. Swallowing emptily, he only very slowly tilts his head to meet John's gaze.
Closer on John as he reaches the door, comes to a halt. He's still listening, his face somewhat saddens, his voice drops.
“He... had a tattoo? I was too busy dealing with his rude-ass self to notice.”
“Uhm, Sherlock?” John pipes up, but, as it happens, the very moment he opens his mouth, his confidence begins to wane. Sherlock has just come back from the bathroom and was about to head straight for the front door but he stops short when he notices that John is giving him rather a serious look.
But he proceeded cautiously, circling his arms around Sherlock’s waist a little tighter, but keeping the distance, giving Sherlock all the time in the world to make the next move himself.
fast.
Sherlock, seems to be in a deep, deep thought. Staring out of the window.
“How could I ever say no to that, John?“ Sherlock chortled.
But Sherlock knows exactly how to respond. Returning the smirk, he leisurely swims closer to John, his mind set on revenge. If only he wasn't distracted...
Kicking the door shut behind them, John expects Sherlock to back away but to his shock, Sherlock does precisely the opposite. At once, Sherlock rushes forward, pins John against the door and presses their lips harder together and hell, John has never in his life been as confused and aroused at the same time but he is not complaining
John clicks to switch between the tabs.
DR. MASON
Check your pocket.
John was right after all, about everything, and Sherlock hated himself for that he had not been able to admit it just yet. He hated himself for faking and pretending for such a long time, for lying to John just so he could protect the truth, that dark secret he had sworn to never give away. The reason behind Sherlock’s pain and trauma, the reason why he had not only decided to deny himself any kind of feelings that had the power to affect him more he was willing to allow, but why he also always blamed himself for everything bad that had happened to the people he loved. The reason why instead of reaching for help, he had reached for drugs so many times. Sherlock had managed to keep that childhood secret hidden from John, never even hinting at it, he had always managed to stay in control, whatever the circumstances. But now that Mycroft was gone the pressure that had been pushing down on Sherlock for well over three decades was even more violent,
SHERLOCK (CONT'D)
Music?
. Whether he was doing it intentionally or not, he successfully managed to turn John into a snarky little ball of utter sexual frustration. John wondered if he was, by any chance, doing it all on purpose because he was almost sure that Sherlock head never worn
...Whatever crime show I am watching?
it. Now take the money and piss off,“ John huffed, swiftly turning on his heels.
John did open his mouth to answer but he simply couldn't bring himself to utter a word. He but licked his lips, gazing at Sherlock ever so lovingly for a few moments before finally gathering enough courage to do what he should have done ages ago. With a little sniff, he strode toward Sherlock, bent down to cup his cheeks and pulled him into the most desperate kiss.
John kisses him again.
“What else you’ve heard?“ Sherlock asked and John knew exactly why, he’s been hiding behind the corner for long enough to hear every word, but he barely glanced at the other man, not least giving him a direct reply.
(smiles sadly)
Sherlock frowned in confusion. “Happen when?”
Have no worries, I'll see what I can do to help.
going to change my mind about you nor will I ever regret the decisions I made in relation to you. You get that? I want this. I want
Having spent almost twenty minutes waiting for John to finish what was supposed to be a
SHERLOCK
“No, no,” John shakes his head, perhaps a bit more vigorously than he intended. “Sherlock, none of us is going to sleep on the sofa, alright? We’re adults. We can handle this like adults.”
feel now, John. Focus on the present. You told me the truth about... about Mary and the baby and trust me I’ve never found myself in the position so I had to repeat this particular sentence so often but... I still don't understand...why, what difference that makes? What are you going to do now that you told me all this?“
, by my side, guiding me,“ Sherlock gulps, feeling tears forming in the corners of his eyes.
She huffs, turns to face John, cocks her gun...
He cancels the call, quickly pockets the phone again.
“Fine…
John walks over to Sherlock, grabs him, kisses him.
“Well, if we do come back empty-handed, that means the nephew was wrong and his uncle is here to bask in the sun and not to sell his family’s company to a filthy magnate or whatever the client thinks is going to happen... I wouldn’t worry too much.”
DR. MASON
Again, close on Sherlock's eyes fluttering open, except this time, he's lying in a hospital bed. Too numb to move.
No, are you?
SHERLOCK
We’ve always been,“ he sighed, pressing his forehead against Sherlock’s once again. “I’ve been a bull for lying to myself, for denying-God, Sherlock, I-“
Left side of the chapel, front row - on Mike Stamford, smiles and nods.
am I missing, John?”
is after me.“
Oh... Well, we don't have to... you know... if you don't feel like it.
“That’s a mail, John,“ Sherlock replied but avoided John’s eyes, since feeling a little guilty for disrupting the atmosphere. “Three mails in fact. She’s not done yet as it seems.“
(off-screen)
Not just anyone.
John grins. “I am not exactly a young chap anymore. But if you keep looking at me like that...” he licks his lips and drops his gaze to Sherlock's lap, his grin growing even wider. “As soon as possible I hope...”
“You don’t understand, John,“ Sherlock sighed exasperatedly. “I think someone is sending me those on purpose but definitely
to you again,“ Sherlock objected, leaning forward so their faces were suddenly only a couple of inches apart. “
“For God’s sake, Mrs Hudson, what message?“
Shouldn't you be with my brother? Keeping him company?
“Of course he did. Well, truth be told, he’s probably still back at Baker Street, he came to me because he already doubts you. The thing is… I didn’t tell him where I am going, but what do you think happens after they’ll find my dead body, hm? Who do you think John will blame once reading tomorrow’s papers?“
MS. RONDER
,“ Angelo reminds them, patting Sherlock on his back. “Eat as much as you want. Take as much time as you need,“ he laughs heartily, before rushing to serve another guest.
SHERLOCK
LITTLE GIRL
,“ John exhaled, reaching to cradle Sherlock’s face, his thumbs running across his cheekbones, “love
John tried, he really did try to suppress a smile, anxious that he might look like an idiot if he stares at Sherlock with such a smitten grin plastered on his face, but damn
“Oh, did I-?“
MARY (V.O.)
They smile at each other in silence, then, John rises.
“Can you blame me? I've been promised a whole
“Yes, I see,“ Sherlock nods. “I do see, John,
(shrugs)
(mumbles)
SHERLOCK (CONT'D)
“Coincidences don't exist,” Sherlock automatically replies but his brow is furrowed in confusion. “The universe is rarely so lazy. But what does that have to do with anything?”
Does that mean we can't keep her?
. That's embarrassing.”
(grins)
John shrugs, smiling innocently. Any other time he’d make the effort to backtrack but not this time. And turns out he's made the right choice. Because one innuendo leads to another and just like that, they accidentally spend half the night giggling and fooling around like a couple of teenagers.
“Oh. Right. That'd be quite inappropriate,” he chortles, snatches his gown and turns on his heels. His grin very quickly disappears, though, once after he opens the door and sees the face of the man that had the audacity to interrupt them. It's none other than Harrington. And he is not alone.
“I am afraid not, I am not very good with names. In fact, I have a rubbish memory. I am seldom capable of remembering anything important,” Sherlock gives a mock-serious sigh and John, despite feeling bad for it, has to try
“I know, I
MRS. MERRILOW
He lied to protect me. You lied to protect yourself.
, but he didn’t need to be told twice. He had been yearning to do these things to him for too long and now Sherlock was finally there, willingly offering his marvellous body on a silver plate. John couldn’t think of a moment in his life when he would be more aroused. Sherlock was like a drug John craved for but couldn’t get until now. He was
“You are
SHERLOCK (CONT'D)
Cause Sherlock has never been a pedant man, he never bothered cleaning up unless it was because John asked him to do so perhaps. It’s been always just useless, tedious burdensomeness. Sherlock preferred the idea of organised chaos, that man has never actually minded being surrounded with nasty mess and clutter of the most random origin.
Sherlock, dumbfounded.
I don't understand.
“How-how am I supposed to live with this memory of you almost dying because of me?“ he asked under his breath. “John… I still don’t understand, God, why did you do it?“
At this, Sherlock turns to look at the door. John's voice, coming from behind.
The next thing Sherlock knows, John's lips are pressed against his, warm and loving and soft - a beautiful manifestation of his profound love.
“So you think that the two of us could-“
John - frowns, just staring at Sherlock for a moment, worried.
, not when Mary and her baby was in picture, not when Mycroft was gone. Not when Sherlock still didn’t fully comprehend what John actually felt. Fear of rejection had always been one of the main reasons why he'd stayed so quiet about his feelings.
John’s breath hitches. “Why are you even doing all this for me? I still don’t understand.“
She hides her face behind a veil, never leaves the flat. Only rarely lets me in. The worst are the noises. She often cries at night. Sometimes I hear her shouting.
.“ Sherlock wasn’t even sure who is he yelling at. If it was the ghost of that woman or all those unwelcomed creepy memories. One thing he was however certain of. Mary wasn’t there with him in the room. She was just a hallucination induced by insomnia, the result of Sherlock’s slightly twisted mind and a lack of sleep. His brain was fortunately still awoken enough to distinguish between what was real and what was just a fantasy.
SHERLOCK
Sherlock sighed in frustration. “Last time I checked it was perfectly legal to visit an injured friend,“ he groused.
Sherlock’s voice slightly echoes through the hallway.
“Yes...No! I mean
“-keep acting like a couple. Yes... We can start with the massage.”
“Then what-“
“I’ve always knew you two had a thing for each other,“ she giggled, her eyes filled with glee. “Oh, John, I am sorry your marriage didn’t work out, but you do have to admit that Sherlock is the one you belong to,“ she addressed the older of the men but despite the words she said, she sounded like she wasn’t sorry at all. In fact Mrs Hudson seemed to be glad that John and Mary parted ways, even though she had no idea what horrible events preceded this separation.
Once John approaches Lestrade, Lestrade extends his hand but instead of shaking it, John just stares for a second - stiffens, as if he's just remembered something. He flashes a very awkward smile at Lestrade and without any explanation turns on his heels, heads to the bathroom.
With a deep sigh, he flops into his armchair, nestles himself.
, John, I am- look,“ he pointed at the screen, his open mailbox in particular. John squinted, eyes briskly flicking over the text but it seemed to be just a nonsensical strophe of random words.
“Sherlock?“
SHERLOCK
A message from John: A single smiley floating on the screen.
“Mrs Hudson,
Winking at him, Sherlock lies down on the blanket, gazing up at the cloudless sky for a moment before he turns to face John again... “You can as well give me the kiss you would have given me had Harrington's presence not disturbed you.”
But I remember her, John. I remember playing with your daughter as clearly as I remember the moment I met you for the first time.
CUT TO:
“Sherlock, I think it would be for the best if you’d let me speak from now,“ Mycroft flashed him a crooked, rather forced smile and then he turned toward the nurse.
want to, we can indeed go to a restaurant,“ Sherlock says, taking a moment to reconsider his answer. “I might just know of a perfect place for the two of us.“
Leonardo!
“Sherlock, come on-“ John leaned even closer, his voice soft, merely a whisper. He noticed how Sherlock crouched down a little so the height difference was minimal, how his breathing quickened once there was basically no distance between them anymore. Sherlock’s face from this close was ethereally gorgeous. Even in the light as mild as the room had been filled with, John could have marvelled over the beauty that was radiating from the other man. He was well aware of that what he was about to say might disrupt the moment and draw a gap between them again, but he decided to take the risk again, whatever the cost.
Well, I've made it pretty obvious that I am gay, and it led exactly nowhere.
FADE INTO BLACK.
SHERLOCK
JOHN (CONT'D)
. You not only decided that we'd be going together as a couple when the client made the offer, you
John watches him, waits, then rises from the bed. He walks around the bed then sits down, next to Sherlock.
It's been just a few hours, Sherlock, I am sure he's fine.
tight trousers that would fit him so well. Sometimes he wore nothing but trousers, once even jeans and nothing else. He was promenading around the flat shirtless, nonchalantly showing off his muscular torso and arms but John had never figured out what could’ve been the purpose other than drive him mad. Never again they mentioned the scars on Sherlock’s back. John felt guilty for that he even asked all those weeks ago, because he was sure that that was the reason why Sherlock had a nightmare that night.
Slow down, Mrs. Hudson... You're asking too many questions.
Refusing help won't ease your pain.
Drawing a shaky breath, full of untamed emotions, he at first peered over the wall on his left. The wall they leaned against and giggled hard, for what was one of the very first times. Then his sight fell upon the staircase and John couldn’t help but smile shyly, absorbing himself in the memory that just unfolded itself before his eyes. He and Sherlock, a little tipsy, falling asleep, lying in that anything but comfortable position side by side. John couldn’t remember how the hell they ended up like that, but he did his best to never forget that moment. Even though they were drunk and later that night they got arrested. John didn’t even mind.
seriously.
“John?“ A pause, one last intake of breath before Sherlock finally puts his feelings into a sentence. “
“No, shut up, let me finish, please. I am angry, but not even because you didn’t tell me that you’re plotting against my wife. I am angry because after all this time, after everything we’ve been through together, after I forgave you for that you had left me alone, that you had let me grieve for two years… how could you doubt that I would forgive you this time, hm?“
CUT TO:
No, not always.
He shakes his head, sighs. Raises his voice.
Sherlock pouts in return, then finally, focuses on his food.
His eyes fly wide in terror as he glances down at his shirt-
, the crinkle above your nose when you laugh, your curls, your… God, your
Sherlock scowls. “Abandon the case? Really, John, you've known me for two years?”
They saunter down the street, smiling still and no space left between their bodies as they walk. Sherlock, however, decides to blame the need to stay warm rather than allowing himself different thoughts. Making the most hilarious deductions he strives to make John laugh, for John's laugh must be the most beautiful melody he's ever heard. Fortunately enough, it seems to be working, seeing as how John can’t seem to be able to stop grinning at him.
Three weeks have passed since the moment John kissed Sherlock for the first time. Saying those days were the happiest in their whole lives would be an underestimation. Each night they slept in a tight embrace, each morning they woke up facing each other and smiling into a drowsy kiss. They had not passed beyond that point however, not yet. John had never even tried to do anything even remotely inappropriate, nothing Sherlock wouldn’t approve of at first.
But oh, if you think I'll let you have him, you're terribly mistaken. I will crush and tear your happiness apart, right in front of your very eyes. Have you figured it out yet? Alive or dead, you can't have your John back...
that I can’t live with Mary anymore. I can't stay with her, I don't
A beat. Sherlock grins.
I know. I know you're in shock right now, but you have to listen. Please. It's important.
gone on him.
it, Sherlock,“ John clarifies, throwing somewhat a bashful look at the man kneeling in front of him. Trying to push him away must have been one of the worst decisions he has ever made, he has to admit. Whatever reasons he had.
wouldn't fix the enormous mistake he had evidently made.
“Sorry to disappoint your vainglorious self, but you are not nearly as intimidating as you aspire to be.“ Another colossal lie.
Sherlock blinks up at him, confused.
On Sherlock, severely annoyed, his eyes flick between the woman and John, who's reading newspapers. Completely unfazed.
It wasn’t until Sherlock opened his eyes again that he realised what kind of a bottle it in fact was. His brow furrowed a little in surprise, almost as if he couldn’t believe that he hadn’t notice it much sooner.
John’s face melted into the softest expression, tears glimmering in the corners or his eyes. Sherlock had been that open for the first time ever since the wedding, maybe even more, considering it was just the two of them in the room. “So,“ John cleared his throat, looking for the answers in Sherlock’s teary eyes, “what you’re saying is that-“
“Why do I have a feeling this is leading somewhere?“ Sherlock’s brows knitted in suspicion as he propped himself up on the elbow. “You want to ask me something, don’t you?“
SHERLOCK
Sherlock's quickly leading the woman through the door, when suddenly she stops, much to his disappointment. She turns around. Instinctively, her eyes go to John.
“Sh-Sherlock-“ he panted, “if I knew what an impact this was going to have on you, I would-“ John was cut short once Sherlock cupped his face and leaned down to claim his lips. He pulled back too soon for John’s taste, but kept his lips hovering close to John’s, breathing the air he was exhaling.
CUT TO:
“Mary’s confederate,“ Sherlock sighed as theatrically as if it was supposed to be obvious.
Alright. We have nowhere to hurry. We take it slowly, okay? Step by step.
(to Dr. Mason)
John chuckles, heads toward the kitchen. But as he does, Sherlock's expression changes.
SHERLOCK (CONT'D)
to act
On Mary's face - cold, determined. Holding on, there's a sound of cocking a gun, except... It's not Mary's.
Mrs. Hudson appears, peeks from behind the door. She's also looking concerned now.
The Baker Street sign.
“Since you don't live here,” he shrugged and with an air of obtrusive theatricality, he flopped down on the couch. He wasn't exactly proud of himself, in fact, he found such attitude deplorable and loathed himself even more than before but the truth was that he was panicking and didn't know what to say or do with himself.
They both breathe a sigh of relief when the elevator arrives, because few more seconds and one of them would give in and
Thirty three minutes ago I told you that I want to be alone... Nothing has changed since then.
“Well maybe you shouldn’t,“ Mary uttered, shrugging her shoulders. “Maybe you should have left me alone with a baby, John.“
“Please
DR. MASON
“Are you by any chance practicing flirting with me?” Sherlock smiles, a hint of playfulness in his voice.
“Eager, aren’t we?“
“Yes.”
On Ms. Ronder. She takes a moment to make a decision.
Outraged, Leonardo tries to free himself but John's grip is too strong.
Sneaking his arms around John's waist, he even begins to suck and nibble on John's lower lip, driving the man positively crazy. Try as he might, John can't suppress a little moan, surprised that Sherlock has taken the charge, but as it turns out... he has an ulterior motive too.
, John, let me finish. I am sitting here thanks to
Sherlock’s heart skipped a beat, without even realising it he was suddenly on his feet, bent over John with his hands on both of his shoulders. “You okay, should I call a nurse?“
A shadow of disappointment crosses over Sherlock's face. The last thing John wanted was to upset him, but judging by the downhearted look, he's managed to do just that.
“Sher-Sherlock?” No response. John swallows dryly, his voice still a bit too rough this early in the morning. He gives the room another once-over, then returns to the bedroom, worries creeping in but he’s trying his best to ignore them.
, too much emotions to cope with all at once. The need to turn around and kiss John again is crushing him, he might as well burst with it, but... he can’t. John’s oblivious to how much Sherlock desires him, how deeply and unconditionally he loves him and...
?” Sherlock suddenly raised his voice, despite himself. He didn't mean to snap at John, he had every right to be angry, after all. But knowing just how much he actually
SHERLOCK
(grins)
“Wait, what? Where are you going?“
On John, his lips are trembling, tears begin to form in his eyes. He smiles in spite of it, but his voice is hoarse and shaking due to overwhelming emotions.
Zoom out - John runs a hand through his hair. Looking tired, distressed, he hasn't actually slept the night before.
“Like where?“ John snorted, beckoning behind self. “Sherlock, I slept once or twice there on that couch and let me tell you it’s
But Sherlock was as clueless as John. It seemed that Mary completely lost her sanity somewhere in between assassinating people for money and faking a pregnancy in order to hold John in leash.
John has heard it though. He takes a swift step back, freezes, raising an eyebrow. Stares at Sherlock. What did he just say?
,“ Sherlock cut him off, sinking into his chair with a touch of theatricality. “Maybe she needed to get prepared, I don’t know. Maybe she wanted to give me time to get… happy so then she could take that happiness away from me… Yes, that’s it, of course!“ he cried out, triumphal yet a bitter smile on his face once he sprang up from his chair back on his feet.
Finally, John and Sherlock reach the man...
“Then we should probably contact Mycroft,“ John suggested, speaking over Sherlock. “What if she’s plotting against you? What if she set her goal to kill you?“
“I-I am your-?”
John: walking toward Sherlock's ward, down the hallway, now full of people - nurses, doctors, patients. Looks even more tired than before. He has a cup of coffee in his right hand, and in his left, slightly trembling one - a phone, holding it next to his ear. Talking to someone.
“I highly doubt that,” John chuckles awkwardly but once he notices that Sherlock is gazing longingly at his lips whilst
Merely five seconds later after John leaves to order a drink, a tall, tanned man with a hair bun approaches Sherlock. Sherlock can't help but roll his eyes as the man leans on the table and attempts to flirt. He must have been lurking in the shadows, waiting for the right opportunity and that alone makes Sherlock want to throw a drink in his face.
“John... John, please, don't think that I am belitteling your feelings in any form or shape. I am on your side, entirely, not hers. What
him into the water.
Sherlock contemplates for a moment, then reaches for his glass, drinks the tequila down and gestures toward the bar.
(he turns red, back pedalling)
because he’s so addicted to adrenaline and danger. But then Sherlock learnt that John has been grieving for two years because of
So. Tell me everything.
DISSOLVE TO:
Knowing this, John smirks.
“I assure you that it’s not. This man you’re so eager to visit has been shot and-“
“I love your face, John.“
John immediately bursts to giggles, nudging Sherlock’s arm for making him laugh so loudly.
On Sherlock, lips parted, breath quickening. Suddenly, he launches forward, wrapping his arms around John, tightly. He hides his faces in the crook of John's, exhales, tightening his grip.
SHERLOCK
“There you go,“ he smiled, cupping Sherlock’s cheek, his thumb brushing over the place he’s just sealed. Sherlock closed his eyes, committing himself to John’s warm touch, touch that made him feel so loved and protected. But it also made him remember what they both seemed to be reluctant to talk about. Even though Sherlock was well aware of that their future depended on whether they decide to discuss the subject or not. So after a moment of consideration, he allowed himself to take a deep breath in order to encourage himself before speaking up.
Silence descends again. Sherlock stares at his toast, but doesn't take a bite, seems to be distracted, still.
SHERLOCK
is perhaps a bit too strong word, Sherlock and… mountaineering? Really? You should stop overreacting, it’s just a couple of bloody stairs. I’ll be one hundred percent fit in no time, I am just a tiny bit
, you want to go back or something? I thought he was
“No, let me, John,“ Sherlock insisted, fiddling with his fingers.  He jumped off the couch, roaming around the room as he kept on talking in a bit sharpish manner. “I was supposed to support you, not ruin everything again. I am an idiot, I admit that you surprised me a bit with your frankness, but still… what I’ve done was
There's Lestrade, standing at the fireplace. Looks frustrated, perhaps a bit disgruntled.
Holding on an astonished Sherlock, we hear John pouring the water into the mug.
You can tell me anything, Sherlock, all right?
Holding on. John stirs, begins to wake up. He blinks to open his eyes. Frowns. Immediately realises what position he's in. Cannot move, unless he wants to alert Sherlock.
am fine, John. I was just… thinking,“ he shrugged at last.
Dr. Mason smiles empathetically.
I know, Mrs. Hudson, I should have let you know, I am sorry. I-
“Doesn’t matter. They’ve already paid the prize,“ Sherlock uttered, shivering once John gently trailed a finger down his spine.
in the prison, she deserves it after what she’s done to you.“
“Something’s happened,“ Sherlock replied and then got up from the floor, shuffling toward his chair while Mycroft offered nothing but silence in return.
“Y-yes, I just... I have never believed you’d be
SHERLOCK
It's what I deserve, don't I.
being confronted by him in the first place,” John laments. “Damn it, no way I am risking running into him again. We're not leaving this room until Sunday.”
I swear, if you want me to babysit that dog of yours again, John-
SHERLOCK
It's my lodger, Ms. Ronder. I am convinced she's possessed. She's started acting very... odd, recently.
SHERLOCK
What else?
...Yes.
“Really? Then what about this?“ John tapped a finger over his lips, a hint of a shy smirk crossing his face.
an idiot. I didn’t want you to go, I was just…“
Sherlock's breath hitched at the sight. He couldn't just stand there and let John drown in agony all by himself. Carefully, he tried to approach him but just as he moved, John raised his hand and pushed him away. Firmly enough to make himself clear.
Not breaking the eye contact, John takes a step up the stairs so they’re on the same level again, leaning close enough to make Sherlock’s heart thud even louder. Sherlock’s breath hitches, he can feel his knees going weak, as cliché as it sounds to him, he can’t help himself. John must have noticed him losing balance as well for he instantly wraps his arms around his waist.
“I should’ve told you sooner. Much sooner, Sherlock. I should’ve told you how astonishingly beautiful you are, how I love your gorgeous eyes of such mesmerizing colour that I can’t even find a proper word to describe them. How alluring is the idea of kissing these plump, voluptuous,
Sherlock jerked up in horror, panting heavily, his heart pounding fast in his chest and cold sweat running down his back in drops. He couldn’t see a thing, all he heard were distant shrieks in his head and people cackling at him, beating him in ribs and face, sharpening their blades and hooks and preparing the chains to tie him up. Sherlock groped in the air, trying to figure out where he was, but he couldn’t see through the darkness, his memory didn’t serve either. He was incapacitated with pain, withering, excruciating pain, as if the wounds on his back were opening again, bleeding out, killing him slowly.
. No, this is not my first bullet. Yes, I’ve been to
SHERLOCK
is the only person he’s ever trusted completely, enough to bare his soul and expose his most carefully protected self. “Well, then, Sherlock Holmes,“ John whispers, barely holding back tears as he reaches to brush Sherlock’s cheek, “consider this your
“Good point,” Sherlock laughs.
You're mad.
Sherlock’s cheeks practically burn from embarrassment. He gapes like a carp for an achingly long while before uttering another word.
“All right. Will a little of
“Oh, but I do, I love you, I love you so much Sherlock,“ John murmured into Sherlock’s shoulder, before pulling back just a couple of inches, so their eyes met again and John could finally say what he had been preparing for, for such a long time already.
SHERLOCK
On John's face again, contemplative, wondering what might have caused such a sudden change in Sherlock's behaviour...
Sherlock sighs again, reaching to stroke John’s arm. “
John can barely swallow through the knot in his throat.
Now that you mention it... What could it mean?
MRS. HUDSON
Immediately after the message was sent, Sherlock’s phone vibrated in his cold, slightly trembling hand. Mary has just sent him the address he was supposed to drop by. Sherlock was well familiar with that part of London - posh, wealthy families were occupying the neighbourhood, but it was also a place full of half-ruined, uninhabited residences people tend to avoid because after being deserted for so long they’ve happened to become a home for all sorts of wild animals and in not so rare cases even for people who otherwise had no shelter to hide in.
That was the last message Sherlock received. He slumped down against the wall with a displeased growl and eyes pinned upon his phone, wondering what the bloody hell is Mary up to. He would never admit it, Sherlock has been always too high-headed to do so, but besides being curious he was also frightened. He knew very well what Mary is capable of but he refused to accept the possibility that she would betray John like this again, just an idea made him furious with anger. Still the worst was not even that she was acting so mysterious, Sherlock knew things John was still being unaware of, but there was neither right time nor place to tell him the truth yet. Sherlock had no idea how to do it without hurting him and moreover, they needed to get rid of Mary before that happens, that was their plan after all.
“I am going to stop you right there, Sherlock. I don't give a crap about any of that,” John growled coldly. “Two years, damn it. Over seven hundred days. And I counted every one of them. And every single one of them felt like a nightmare.”
“Christ, no,” John interjects, reaching to caress Sherlock's cheek with the back of his hand. “No, I don't want to stop.”
, that’s not anything unusual nor life-endangering however.“
SHERLOCK
would. Then again, maybe John
I am staying here.
“You’ve dodged that question, John, because you know that even though you’re so determined to leave Mary in this moment, once the baby’s born your perspective might completely change. Once you hold her in your arms you won’t be bothered to remember me, nor what a person her mother is, not least that she might not be yours.“
The kitchen.
Wha - you can't be serious?! We've been scratching our heads for months and you come and solve the case within five minutes? It doesn't even make any - Sherlock! Where are you-
There was something dark and mischievous in Sherlock’s eyes, something that would startle John if he didn’t know the man better. He cradled Sherlock’s face, gently brushing his cheeks, before planting a kiss over his forehead.
This time Sherlock doesn't look away. He watches John stroke himself and work his mouth up and down his cock until finally, as the pre-come starts to drip down John's chin, Sherlock's muscles tighten and he spills, hot and heavy, inside John's mouth. John continues to lick and suck, swallowing every last drop until Sherlock's cock softens against his tongue.
I see... You chose him. You chose him over me.
“Speaking of which, you don’t have to be bothered with the rest of your stuff. Just give me the keys and I’ll bundle up whatever else you need from your house.“
INTERCUT - Sherlock, distraught.
. There’s a message hidden in there, can’t you see?“
“John, please,“ Sherlock rolled his eyes, quite reluctantly tilting his head up so he could look John in the face. “Weren’t you listening? Didn’t I tell you that this whole circus is ridic-
John snorted, arching his eyebrow at Sherlock in a mild amusement. “Who are you and what the bloody hell did you do to my boyfriend, Sherlock Holmes?“
of regret,“ John sighs, his voice full of contempt for the person he once thought he loved. “And then nothing. Nothing but infinite darkness. I thought it was over. But no, I survived, I woke up, alive in a hospital bed and believe me or not, I
Leaning forward, he closes the distances between him and Sherlock and with a coy little smile he whispers against Sherlock's parted lips. “Come here, what are you waiting for?”
LESTRADE
Sherlock lets out a short sigh before he looks up from his microscope, his eyes fixed on John now.
“What’s wrong?“ Sherlock’s nose crinkled, “am I that terrible kisser?“
Holding on his face, we hear a creak. Panning to the door -
The last couple of Sherlock’s words morphed into a long, gravelly groan and then another once John clasped his arms around his waist and pulled out just so the head of his cock was buried inside, teasing Sherlock for a brief moment. John barely jerked his hips, leaning forward to suck on Sherlock’s neck instead, this time biting too, tasting on the skin, never mind the water that was getting in the way.
the worst kisser that had ever walked this Earth…Now, I guess we should call it a day, don’t you think?“ he added, already on his way towards the bedroom.
“Sherlock, she stormed in and didn’t even ask why I am here in the first place,“ John remarked. “She simply
John’s first steps are slow and wary, he almost feels foolish, taking such a long time to step over the threshold. Finding himself on the pavement, he looks left and right, as if scrutinising the ever so familiar streets, trying to ignore the cold wind that blows through his hair and sends chills down his spine. The weather is rather brisk and skies gloomy but to John’s relief, the streets are nowhere near as crowded as he feared. A good start.
From behind the door, we hear a woman's voice. Weak, apprehensive.
The structure of the house seemed to be in such a desolate state that either walls or even the ceiling itself could very well tumble down any second. Sherlock’s been aimlessly wandering around for more couple of minutes, crossing through another countless number of corridors, climbing the stairs up and descending down until he reached a small room as empty and shattered as the rest of the building. But there was something different nevertheless.
John clenched his fist, twice, thrice, pacing up and down the room like an anxious animal. He couldn't bear to look at Sherlock, who was sitting on the sofa with his legs curled up and didn't say a word ever since they'd left the restaurant and returned to Baker Street.
,“ he exhales, pointing at the scarred part of his face.
DR. MASON
SHERLOCK
. “The case,” John finally remembers. “Er, Sherlock?” he calls after him, making sure he sounds composed enough even though he doesn’t feel as such at all.
, Sherlock,“ John reminded him, suspecting that his friend is about to back pedal.
. John barely remembers how to breathe, let alone talk.
No, not a single call, nor a message, nothing.
Sherlock pursed his lips. “Why you must
“Obviously.“
John opened his mouth to deny but decided against it in the end. He had no idea how or why even he allowed himself to slip as such but the truth was that there was indeed something that had been bothering him for a long time, something he didn’t want to discuss with Sherlock just yet. Especially since it seemed to not be the right time yet and they had a myriad of other troubles to go through anyway. It was rather a surprise that Sherlock managed to deduce what was going on in John’s mind since John put an extra effort into not giving away too much.
I do.
“I do want to look at you, John,“ he repeats, reaching to cover John’s hands with his own, ever so gently brushing his thumbs across John’s knuckles. John shivers as if surprised to feel Sherlock’s touch, but he doesn’t protest when Sherlock begins to slowly pulling his hands away to reveal the face he’s been so desperate to conceal for such a long time already. John hesitates but after a brief moment he opens his right eye, blinking at Sherlock, bewildered.
Better... Now that you're here.
“ John drew back, so he could look Sherlock in the eyes again.
SHERLOCK
“John!“ Sherlock growled furiously, springing up to sitting position. “Mary might have been Moriarty’s pet, but even if we take this fact into consideration, it still makes no sense why we should be locked up in our own flat like prisoners. Moriarty wanted me dead too, I am sure there are dozens of people out there who want me dead, yet
Dr. Mason, gawking at Sherlock. Flushing red.
“It's not that the idea doesn't sound alluring-” John sighs, pinching the bridge of his nose. “There's just... something you seem to have forgotten.” John takes a pause, his eyes boring intensely into Sherlock's. He almost wishes he could read his mind.
cause I am a freak, am I not?“ Sherlock smiled sadly. “No one wanted to date me. And having sex with someone I didn’t know and trust… someone I didn’t
“Well, I am here to take care of you,“ John smiled fondly. “But if you think that’s too weak of me-“
“You-you think I am
And this time it's not to create a diversion, nor it's just a part of playing a role. Not that it
“Sherlock, come on,“ John snorted, pulling the other man closer by his waist. “That’s never going to happen. I am
be right?“
SHERLOCK
“Not yet, I understand, Sherlock,“ John smiled at him. “Now go already. And don’t you dare to think about anyone but me,“ he added in a mock-serious tone, receiving half-outrageous, half-amused glance from Sherlock.
John giggled again and leaned in to lock their lips in yet another kiss.
“Sherlock, I-“
“Still,“ Sherlock decided to obstinately maintain his ground, “you should consider spending nights somewhere elsewhere. Somewhere easily accessible.“
John can feel his heart skipping a beat. It’s all he needs to hear. Still smiling, he lifts Sherlock’s hand to his lips and ever so tenderly kisses his knuckles.
This time it was Sherlock’s back colliding with the cold bathroom wall, one of John’s hands in between his legs, palming him so vigorously as if John had no other intention but to make Sherlock come in his pants.
“Maybe if you didn't disappear for two years, we wouldn't have to go through
to properly name that feeling at first, for years actually, but not any longer. It’s clear, clear as crystal, why I feel so…
SHERLOCK
“I thought we agreed to never speak of that night again,” Sherlock's face is all but deadpan for a brief moment before he finally decides to give up on trying to deduce John's thoughts and pulls up a smirk. “We weren't even dressed for the occasion. I
“Y-yeah, sure, go on,“ John prompted him, his mouth still hanging open and brow furrowed.
SHERLOCK
On Sherlock as he walks in, closes the door behind him. Biting his lip, he steps forward, begins to unbutton his shirt.
“I wouldn’t, no,“ he sputtered, “Sherlock, no, I wouldn’t mind.“
“Yeah, yeah, s-sure,“ Sherlock stuttered, taking a brief moment to come back to himself. “What – what was I saying?“
,“ he exclaimed, almost as if he was just watching himself acting from outside his body, without being able to stop himself. “I thought it was obvious.
“Well, I certainly didn't expect you to get engaged to somebody else,” Sherlock retorted but just as the words escaped his mouth, he instantly regretted it. He couldn't have failed more miserably if he tried. John's eyes widened at that but he could all but gawk at Sherlock, speechless and profoundly perplexed.
“I doubt that that bloke will show up in the sitting room tomorrow morning to bring you your favourite tea,“ John giggled, his fingers absently running up and down Sherlock’s bare back. He could feel how Sherlock shivered under such a subtle touch and so he couldn’t help but wonder if the man was ticklish. The idea of making Sherlock laugh so hard he would burst into the tears was quite tempting to try out, John had to admit, but he kept this notion for himself. At least until Sherlock was in a better mood.
John - his eyes widen. He realises.
!“ Sherlock gasped, hesitating no more to close the gap between them. He couldn’t bear to listen to John diminishing his own importance like that for any longer.
“John, why do you keep repeating my questions?“ Sherlock sulked. “I of course
John assumed that after dinner, they'd return to their room and finally have some privacy, and in preparation, he slowly started to gather up the courage to talk to Sherlock. About whatever it is between them and then some. So many times he's told himself that he
“What, have all the London criminals taken a nap for a while?“
, isn’t it?“ Mycroft smirked knowingly, as if John wasn’t even there in the room. “Well, at least you two will have no problem to entertainingly occupy yourself while being locked up in here alone for God knows how long.“
-then leans forward, reaches to have a look at the document. Scrutinises it.
“Mind your own business!” he snarls at once, staring angrily after the obnoxious man that's just swum by. Thankfully, the man takes John's not so friendly advice to heart and briskly disappears, without so much as a sneer.
in this world you
you don’t have to keep apologising,“ Sherlock remarked, hiding his timid smile behind the rim of the mug. “Mhm, it’s perfect,“ he said, his lips curling up into another soft but exhausted smile before his expression changed all of a sudden, almost as if he was preparing to ask something he had to muster up enough courage for at first.
So while leaning in for an open-mouthed kiss, John slyly reached behind Sherlock’s neck and tickled his nape just fairly, barely brushing, but with enough vehemence for Sherlock to notice.
, where their love was born and resides ever since, it’s where John, finally, after all this time, locks their lips for the very first time. The first touch of his lips comes tender, like a petal floating on the top of the water, silky soft and playful like the snowflakes fluttering from the sky. John's lips are pliant and delicate, treating Sherlock's with utmost love and care. Sherlock’s whole body shivers as he melts into the kiss, a moment such beautiful and magical he knows he will remember the feeling forever. It shall be his most precious memory, he decides, a gem that needs to be protected at all cost. He will remember John’s fingers curling around his hips, their hearts syncing to beat in unison, but above all he will remember the first taste of John’s lips. Taste like no other, sweet like honey, enticing, clouding all of Sherlock’s senses. This must be how true love tastes like, Sherlock, feels.
