resonating like thunderclaps,
‘I can’t- I tried, but-,’ Jack said miserably, wrapping one arm protectively around his middle, ‘I’m sorry, Dean, it’s just too much. The food, it’s- I know you said nothing bad is in it, it just makes my mouth feel weird, and my stomach...’
Dean thinks of that moment, and that movie often — especially the line about being
Even more surprising was how easily Claire had settled into the tenth grade. Cas knew it was immensely harder to be ‘the new kid’ in high school, but she’d taken to it with a cautious sort of enthusiasm once she’d realised Dean and Cas meant it when they said they wouldn’t send her and Jack back into the foster system at the first sign of trouble. She’d even fallen in with a group of friends of her own — three girls, named Krissy, Alex, and Patience, who shared her disdain of ‘the preps’, and had convinced her to join their school’s monthly literary magazine with them. From that moment forward, Claire would very rarely be seen without her journal, pen tucked in her pocket, or behind her ear, or twisted up in her hair, looking every bit like she was planning on writing the next great American novel. Dean and Cas were thrilled she’d found a way to express herself that
, and even though he’d used Cas’s full name, Cas knew he wasn’t angry.
would have done
‘They were in Baby,’ Dean said, and when Cas gave him a confused look, he elaborated, ‘In the last part of her poem — when she said they felt safe... They were in the Impala. The seatbelt in Jack’s lap instead of his shoulder, the rock music and old speakers. She was writing about them being with us. I just-’ he broke off, and scrubbed his hands over his face, and took a moment to breathe, ‘I get it — all of it, everything she was talking about — that was me and Sammy. And we didn’t feel safe until a few weeks after we got to Bobby’s. It was- That was a huge moment for us. And she’s saying we gave that to them.’
Jack wasn’t registered or collared, even with a false birthdate. This type of breeding wasn’t unheard of, but it was certainly rare — and highly illegal.
, with a noise that sounds like it might be masking a sob.
‘Happy anniversary,’ Cas repeated distractedly, already lost again in his art.
March marked four years they’d been in their house, but even more exciting was that that was the month the college acceptance letters started rolling in. Patience was the first of Claire’s friends to hear back from her first choice — Princeton, the only one of the group to go Ivy — and she had gotten in. Shortly after Alex and Krissy got their letters from UVA and AI Seattle, respectively. Dean watched as Claire celebrated her friends’ good news, but with increasing anxiety as the month began to slip by without receiving word about her applications at all. Kaia heard back from her first choice, Ohio State, and the rest of the girls started getting letters from their second and third choices, even their safety schools.
, Dean,’ he said slowly, ‘You mean cos of the fight we got into about your drinking that night? I mean, it was a bad one, sure, but you normally don’t drink like that.’
, Dean thought,
‘Hey, the kid is about thirty seconds from knocking himself out, he’s so scared,’ Dean said in a low voice. ‘Do you think I could have a moment alone with him?’ Sheriff Barker looked like she wanted to protest, but Dean added, ‘I’ve been where he is. This many people, in a strange place like this, with locks on the doors, and holding cells and shit? It’s bound to be scaring the hell outta him. Just give me, like, five minutes, alright?’
Cas makes a contented sort of humming noise, and brings his other hand up to brush Dean’s over-long hair from his eyes, and says seriously, ‘I’m just thinking about how pretty you are.’
‘Aw, Cas, I dunno,’ he says uncomfortably, ‘A guy wants a lotta things. A week long vacation in Maui — toes in the sand, drinking outta a little coconut under a palm tree. To win the lottery and be able to swim in gold coins, Scrooge McDuck style. To-’ He breaks off, unable to come up with any more flippant bullshit to say, because his throat might be getting just a
in her Mom Voice that never failed to make Dean sit up a little straighter.
Dean was quiet then, and he was quiet all the way home, and through dinner. Finally, once they’d crawled into bed, Cas rolled onto his side to face Dean, and asked, ‘Wanna talk about it?’
Cas really didn’t know what to say to that — this whole time he’d felt like he was falling further and further behind, so hearing Claire say what he’d been afraid would be viewed as standoffishness was actually appreciated was surprising to say the least. Not wanting to make things weird, he simply said, ‘It makes perfect sense. I’ll bring it up later... He won’t have to know it came from you at all.’
He led Cas outside, not even caring that the late fall air cut through his rented tuxedo jacket like a thousand tiny knives — he had a much bigger hurt to deal with. They made it halfway down the steps in front of the museum when he stopped suddenly, and whirled around to face Cas, who had gone very still and pale, regarding Dean apprehensively.
They kissed, and laughed, and swore, and screamed.
Apparently, his anxiety was justified, because the next thing he heard from the cheap speaker of his phone was, ‘Hello, this is Sheriff Donna Hanscum with the Lake County Police Department. I’m looking for Dean Winchester?’
since the scent of angry alpha had brought Balthazar to his knees, and he’ll be
,’ Charlie said, sounding more alert, now that there was gossip in the air, ‘I mean, if I know you at all, you probably shot him down without even realising you were doing it, then spent the rest of the day in your head about it.’
It ended up being early July by the time Cas finally got around to rolling Balthazar out of the garage after Dean had done a full tuneup and oil change on him. Nervously, he swung one leg over the side, adjusted his helmet, and fired him up. Dean stood a few feet away, and smiled encouragingly, giving Cas a big thumbs up when he glanced over. Taking a deep breath, Cas revved the engine, and took off.
a warrior, but...
Cas let out a pitiful moan, but opened his eyes a crack, and mumbled something that sounded like ‘...’ean? Wha’...?’ before letting out a sharp cry, and bolting upward to throw up in the toilet just in the nick of time. Dean rubbed Cas’s back sympathetically, then reached up to grab the cup they used to rinse after brushing their teeth, filled it with water, and handed it to Cas.
’, but fuck off, Dean Winchester is not going down
Dean throws his head back, and shoves his fist against his mouth, fighting the urge to thrust
‘And to think I thought about being a firefighter at one point,’ Dean grumbled, stretching and twisting his back.
‘What are you talking about, I was a perfect angel,’ Dean protested, then took a deep breath, and said quietly, ‘You really think I can do it, Bobby? Raise those kids up right? I just... Like with what happened today, I just froze. What if something happens to one’a the kids and I don’t know what to do? What if I’m not enough?’
The whole thing looked like a whimsical, Wonderland-esque fever dream, and Cas loved every bit of it.
‘I, uh... Dunno, mister. I mean. Cas-teel,’ Jack said shyly, turning a bit pink, ‘I just, uhm, do that kind of stuff at school. In art class, y’know? I’m not really good at it or anything, not like these paintings here.’ He sighed sadly, gazing up at one of the paintings Cas had completed for Roman Realty of the silhouette of a couple walking in the moonlight down a rain soaked walkway, the soft glow of the street lights reflecting off the multi-coloured trees that lined their path. It was whimsical, and romantic, and gave off a serene feeling of safety — easily one of Dean’s favourite pieces that Cas had ever made.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas took his time painting the panels of the beehives in the same bright daisies he’d put on their living room walls, adding a few more fantastical elements, and when they were finally ready, Dean helped him secure them in a corner of their property farthest from the garage. Cain volunteered to ride out with Cas to collect and transport the colonies of bees that would come to live in Cas’s new apiary, much to Dean’s relief.
, Cassie had said once after one too many glasses of wine in Balthazar’s backyard on a warm summer night,
Hello!
‘Dean took Raphael into the garage for an inspection, but I suppose you could take the Impala if you want, and you promise not to hurt his baby,’ Cas replied with a snort.
— but then he realises Cas isn’t leaving.
, because that can mean, like, a series of rapid changes, not just, like, the telescope thing, so, uhm... I hope you like it.’
deserves to be going to bed hungry. Maybe we oughta say something to them when they get back from wherever the hell they fucked off to...’)
The bartender smiled and said, ‘Well, a man throwing back shots at four PM on a Wednesday afternoon? Usually means he lost his job, lost his girl, or lost his mind. So which is it for you, darlin’?’
‘Dean, Cas,’ Jody said pleasantly, pointedly ignoring the girl’s glare, ‘May I introduce to you Claire and Jack Kline. Claire, Jack, these guys are Dean and Castiel... They’d like to offer you a home.’
‘I think it sounds great,’ Dean replied immediately. ‘I think that’s the perfect way for you to get your feet wet again. When do you think you’re gonna do it?’
‘Yeah, I know,’ Dean said, and sighed. ‘Just gonna miss her is all.’ Cas hummed in agreement and slipped his hand into Dean’s, and didn’t let go until they were pulling back into their yard.
The training course ended up being exactly what Cas needed to feel comfortable on a motorcycle again. The trainers provided bikes and helmets, and Cas couldn’t help but stare greedily at Dean sitting astride the motorcycle. Catching his eye, Dean merely winked, then turned his attention back to the instructor. It made Cas want to revisit their whole ‘bitch seat’ talk all over again.
!’ he roared, pulling back, liquor sloshing out the open top of the bottle, ‘What part of
Dean would have undoubtedly said if he’d been in his right mind, if his grumbling during their week and a half of early morning commutes was anything to go by.)
‘Nah, just Kansas,’ Dean said, shifting uncomfortably. This was a topic of conversation he usually avoided if he could help it, ‘But that was a long time ago.’
Dean was about to show him where he could put his wet socks when Jack’s eyes got very wide as he got his first good look at Cas’s art studio in the back of the house. Seeming to forget that Dean was even standing there, Jack took a timid step inside, staring in wonder at the many canvases Cas had propped up on every conceivable surface, in various states of completion. He ran his fingers lightly over the paint splattered surface of the rustic style desk Dean had built Cas that ran the length of the room, a tiny smile creeping onto his small face.
Two days later, on June 01, 2011, the Civil Union Act took effect, proving all Dean’s anxiety to be for naught. The news showed footage of joyful couples at various county clerk’s offices. Cas watched Dean watch the news, and Dean felt the weight of his gaze, but it didn’t feel like a burden. He took a deep breath, watching Cas watch him, and said, ‘Well?’
‘Fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck,’ Dean whispered, trying desperately not to fall apart, ‘Oh fuck.’
‘But you’ve been so busy taking care of Bobby,’ Jack argued, and he too sounded like he was going to cry, ‘And then Jody would come over, and you guys would get really quiet and serious, and Claire heard you talking about us a bunch of nights after you went to bed. We figured maybe you realised you have too much going on, and needed to focus on your family.’
Once everyone was seated and served, Dean and Cas shared a look at the same time Claire and Jack did, and they all started speaking at once, then fell silent with an awkward round of laughter. Cas looked at Dean, and gave him a
‘I just need you to sign off on the invoice for the repair, saying everything looks good, and all that,’ Dean explained, and started pointing out various repairs he had made on the list of work done, some of which Castiel even understood. He signed at the bottom with a flourish, and climbed back off the motorcycle so he could hand the clipboard back to Dean and shake his hand.
‘You say that every year,’ Cas reminded him with a kiss on the cheek, then getting up to start putting the dishes from dinner away.
, Jack, you’ll see. NRR — the center — the whole point of the place is to help omegas heal and feel safe, and... And learn how to be happy. It takes time, but it does happen, ya gotta believe me.’
Warnings:
When they arrived, they were immediately directed to the waiting room while Jack and his mother (who they learned from the police officers stationed outside their door was named Kelly Kline), were being examined. Sheriff Barker had apparently insisted on staying with them the entire time, which made Dean feel about a hundred times better, despite knowing that in an actual hospital like this (as opposed to the old omega slave clinics he’d been sent to) it was highly unlikely anything ‘untoward’ — as Cas would say — would take place. Still, Dean was so tense and wound up that he kept shifting in his seat, and cracking his knuckles, and jiggling his leg enough for Jody to finally sigh in exasperation, and whack him lovingly on the shoulder with her magazine, and give him a hissed
any more of a fuckboy?’ she asked scathingly, but Dean again saw the wariness in her eyes, watching his reaction closely, so he just snorted, and pulled out of the garage.
enough that there wasn’t a full money shot, but it left little to the imagination. His eyes were heavy lidded, but very clearly a piercing shade of blue, and his lips were parted in a way that implied something had been happening off screen to put him in such a debauched state. The embossed card next to the canvas read
Gorgeous Barista was looking especially... Gorgeous, that particular morning. Under the black apron with the shops name embroidered on the chest, he had on the blue and black plaid button-up shirt that Dean loved because it made his eyes seem... Sharp — almost intimidating — like they could pierce right through Dean’s very skin, and see what he was made of from a cellular level. Dean’s chosen media for his art was sculpture, not painting, but he found himself wondering idly how hard it would be to replicate that exact, lovely shade of blue. Too hard, most likely.
‘Oh my god, stop,’ Cas groaned, pulling the hatchback shut with a firm
‘Jesus fuck,’ Dean gasped, ‘You can’t just
Dean took a deep breath, and pulled Claire into a hug.
eased his foot off the brake when she lurched forward unexpectedly, and moments later there was a clang, a bang, and a horrible scraping noise, and Dean was jolted forward, then jerked backwards in his seat, seatbelt contracting against his middle.
Charlie agreed to drive him over to the ‘Singer & Sons’ garage when they got off, on the condition she got to come inside and ‘get a load of the eye candy’. Castiel groaned, but agreed, because he didn’t want to have to walk, and calling an Uber just for that seemed superfluous. Charlie pulled her little yellow Gremlin up in front of the garage, then eagerly hopped out following Cas into the reception area.
‘There’s nothing in here you can hurt,’ Cas assured him, ‘And even if something did get damaged, there’s nothing in here I can’t replace. However, I’m sure you’ll do just fine. If you want to, I mean. It’s entirely up to you.’
When it was him all those years ago, desperate to save his little brother, he hadn’t felt like a kid. He felt like signing that contract was the first and most adult thing he’d ever done, and felt a foolish sort of satisfaction knowing that at least it was for something important. He found out quickly exactly how wrong he’d been — that that spark of pride he felt at knowing he’d saved Sammy was a kid’s knee jerk response, and wouldn’t be enough to save him. An adult would have known that a few short hours later, his entire personhood would be viciously ripped from him, leaving only pain, and humiliation, and the sour-lemon stench of fear.
. Dean had somehow infiltrated every aspect of Castiel’s being, and it made him feel solid, and steady, and sure, in a way he didn’t know he was capable of being. It was as though his center of gravity had just... Shifted, and he was tethered to something more than just the earth beneath his feet. Castiel was truly, madly, deeply,
Gold —
‘You were dying,’ Castiel interjected bluntly, ‘Your brother told me. Brain cancer, right?’
you’d be proud of how things are going. Anyway... Miss you every day. I’ll try to come back sooner next time, I promise.’
Dinner was delivered from a local barbecue restaurant that the whole family loved, and Charlie had it set up buffet style on the patio. Cas paused on the patio for an extra minute, and watched as everyone got situated, sitting side by side at the long table in his backyard, and his throat suddenly felt very tight.
Dean is wrung out and
‘Hey, you okay kid?’ he asked quietly, hating the way he felt her shudder, and take a shaky breath.
‘Oh, for the love of-’ Cas muttered in frustration, then stood up straight, a comically patient expression on his face, and said in a clear, deliberate voice, ‘Yes, Dean, I, Castiel Novak, do in fact love you. Very much, as it turns out.’
‘Can you believe it?’ Dean asked, leaning over to give Cas a kiss. ‘Every day I think about how I could have missed... All this. You, and the kids, and the dogs, and your crazy friggin’ chickens — I never thought I would get a chance at a life like this. And it all started with you asking me to that art show... You’re like my good luck charm, sweetheart.’
‘Hey, sweetheart,’ Cas murmured softly, so close that his breath tickled Dean’s ear, and Dean just leaned further into the touch. ‘Jody says you were incredible today. Everything went alright? Are you okay?’
and raced forward to Bobby’s side, wondering frantically if he should help him onto his back. He looked down at Bobby, who seemed like he was unable to speak, a look of fear and pain on his face. Dean screamed again for help, wondering where the
had never been supported at home with his art. This was, in fact, the impetus by which he ended up disowned and estranged from his family. He was first and foremost thrilled that Jack had found his passion, it just didn’t stop that ugly little voice inside his head that wondered what his life could have been like if he’d had someone who supported him as well.)
Dean was absolutely miserable. It was a bad day, to top off what had been a solid two weeks of bad days. He’d known it was coming — the day when the scale tipped from
After work, instead of heading straight home like he usually did, Castiel hopped on Balthazar, and just... Rode. He needed to be alone with his thoughts, and nothing helped that quite like a long, hard ride. He didn’t pay much mind to where the road took him — actually, he didn’t pay attention to much at all, aside from the roar of the exhaust, and the wind whipping past him.
‘Dean, I can’t... This is just... I love you so fucking much, you know that?’ Cas said, tears overflowing, ‘Babe, I can’t... I can’t tell you how much this means to me.’
‘I think just a regular black coffee today,’ Dean said, and pulling out his wallet, ‘Don’t need as much help staying awake anymore.’ He paid for his coffee, dumping his change into the tip jar as usual.
‘I know,’ Dean murmured, ‘And I’m so sorry, I really am. It... It will be hard, but things will get better, I promise. You’re out now —
‘Lemme see what Cas has to say,’ he said with a sigh, and Claire let out a little cheering noise, knowing that Cas was almost always the soft target.
has you two acting like you’re planning to steal the Constitution?’
‘Love you too, Da- Dean,’ Claire replied, flushing immediately. She stepped back and asked, ‘Can I go tell Kaia? She’s gonna lose her shit.’
a horrified Cas called it, when Dean admitted he’d started going to the coffee chain in the morning now that Cas no longer worked at The Daily Grind. The coffee always somehow managed to be both too watery
. The nurse warned them that it might be awhile yet before he woke, but gave a kind smile, and said she would give them some privacy.
‘Hey kid,’ Dean said when he answered her call, grinning like a fool, and making Cas’s heart melt all over again. ‘What’s shakin’?’
Sam came to visit in the beginning of May, and they had a birthday party in the backyard for him, a few days late, but he didn’t seem to mind. During a lull in festivities, he and Dean took a walk through the orchard, and he looked over to Dean, hands in his pockets, and told him how proud he was of everything he’d done. They may, or may not have had a whole chick flick moment, right there surrounded by apple trees, but at least no one was close enough to witness it, and if Cas noticed Dean’s eyes looking a little red when he returned to the table, he was wise enough to not mention it.
‘I know,’ Dean replied with a sigh, ‘It’s just... I don’t know. I’ve been in my head about it for awhile now, dunno why. Just jealous I guess. But you’re right; we could just have a party ’n all that. Maybe something to think about once the weather gets nicer or something.’
Bal’s steps are measured and sure, even as guilt and self-loathing threaten to choke him. He imagines that if he could
as though he’d just been told to clean his room or he wouldn’t be allowed to watch TV. Despite Ellen having the same effect on Dean, he still wasted no time in making fun of his brother for it... Until Ellen turned to give him The Look that meant
‘Think I should ask Jack if he wants to go with me?’ he asked, feeling almost shy, ‘It might be cool for him to get to see where all those paintings are going to end up.’
, and Cas wouldn’t be able to argue, because it was so, so, so true.
‘Fuck me,’ he muttered, as he grappled weakly for the medicine, ‘Beer before liquor...’ The fact that he had only himself to blame only made the guilt and nausea sit even heavier in his gut. He shook out several pills, and chugged the entire bottle of water before he felt like he could even think about getting off his knees.
‘Not like I’m gonna melt,’ Cas replied lazily, the wine he’d indulged after Dean’s repeated assurances that he didn’t mind, making him slow and affectionate, ‘We can run.’
They made it almost to the door when they were suddenly approached by a man in a black polo with a red Target logo on the sleeve, and a badge emblem on the left side of his chest. At first Dean just nodded in acknowledgement, and moved to walk past him, but the man put his hand on the cart stopping him. Dean peered at his name tag, and read
The school year ended, and the summer began, and everyone adjusted to the kids being home all day, every day. It wasn’t a big switch for Dean, as he was usually gone from early morning until dinner time, but for Cas, the total population of the house during his work hours tripled. He was endlessly patient with Claire and Jack, even as they fought with each other due to simply being constantly in each other’s presence, but some nights he would come to bed exhausted, and just need a few moments of complete silence, since his days had suddenly become incredibly noisy.
...’ Dean broke off in disgust, both at the idea of Cas’s hippie car, and at what a moron he definitely sounded like with his babbling, but when he looked up, Kelly’s eyes had gone soft again, and she was looking at him with the same motherly fondness as she had with Jack, despite likely being the same age as Dean.
Dean said nothing about wiping or wands, but was full of comments and compliments about Cas’s ass — as Cas should have expected, in all honesty.
It isn’t long before Cassie finds him, of course, and shoves a cup of hot chocolate, of all things, into his hands. Once, he might have scoffed, been offended at the implication that he
‘You don’t need to apologise for that, Dean,’ Cas assured him earnestly, ‘If anything, I’m sorry for... For pushing. You said you weren’t interested in going out with me, and I continued to badger you about it. I shouldn’t have made you uncomfortable.’
Balthazar had merely passed Castiel a bottled water and some ibuprofen and told him it was time for bed, but he’d never forgotten his friend’s drunk ramblings. They
‘Well, now that you’ve adopted
‘This car has to be as old as you,’ she remarked, eyeing the radio and clock, ‘There’s not even a CD player or anything. And what’s with that old as dirt clock?’
Cas’s eyes flew open, pupils blown wide, and he quickly backed out of the room, calling over his shoulder, ‘Honey is one of the oldest substances on earth. Ancient mummies have been unearthed that were embalmed in honey because it lasts so long...’
Cas stared, blinking owlishly, like he wasn’t sure if he’d actually just heard what Dean had just said. ‘But... But you’re not an
Almost one week, and a surprisingly easy shopping trip later, all four of them were piling into the Impala. Claire nervously fiddled with the hem of her new shirt, and Cas watched her take several deep, shaky breaths when they finally parked and started heading into the coffee shop. She led the way, followed closely by Jack. Dean and Cas brought up the rear, and Dean wrapped an arm around Cas’s shoulders, and pressed a kiss into his temple.
July faded into August, and Dean started feeling guilty that they hadn’t been able to take the kids on a trip like they’d promised. They’d taken the news in stride, and had agreed Dean and Cas should stay close to town in case Bobby’s condition suddenly changed. August meant back to school shopping, which made both kids complain endlessly, and despite it being a massive pain in the ass, Dean was secretly pleased they were comfortable enough in their home to know that they
‘The vessel appears to be sufficient, brother. A weapon that should serve you well in the upcoming war.’
Castiel returned the sentiment, and turned back to the clusterfuck that was the rest of the shop, thinking that the day was already looking like it might turn itself around.
Dean reached his left hand out to feel around for the seat again, and lowered himself into it carefully. Moments later, he heard two sets of footsteps approaching, and then Sam say his name in a voice so full of fear that Dean was forcibly reminded of the little boy who had been afraid of monsters in his closet until Dean had filled a spray bottle with water and a few squirts of Mom’s old perfume, and told Sam it was ‘monster repellent’.
‘Dean?’ Cas interrupted, coming out from behind the counter. His mouth fell open as he took in Dean’s appearance — all pale, sweaty skin, dark circles under his eyes, and having lost a significant amount of weight in the elapsed weeks due to the not eating/constant vomiting thing. ‘Oh my god, you look awful. What happened?’
‘Still an old man, though,’ Claire sniffed dismissively, though Dean saw shoulders relax as she grabbed her leather jacket, and slung it over her arm, ‘I needed tampons and Midol anyway,’ she said casually, a clear challenge in her voice.
‘Hey, art doesn’t have to be one or the other, ya know,’ Dean said, ‘I always wished I could draw or paint, but my — ah, brain — doesn’t work like that. I have to see and feel everything in 3-D. That’s why I just do these little projects on the side... Keeps me sane, turning these ideas into something you can touch, you know?’
‘I know. I won’t,’ Cas assured him, ‘Sorry, I wasn’t thinking. The murder thing is handy, though.’
‘Turn around, sweetheart,’ Dean said, laughing, and Cas did, and saw the Impala parked at the end of the driveway. He started laughing as well, asking
Both Dean and Cas opted to sit out the bouquet/garter toss — Cas cos he was absolutely exhausted from dancing and the long day, and his leg was starting to hurt a bit, and Dean because there was no point. Once that was over, and a pissed off looking Meg, who’d caught the bouquet, had let one of Benny’s cousins from New Orleans put the garter on her leg with only minimal threats of dismemberment, Dean turned to Cas, and asked quietly, ‘You ready to jet?’
nice to meet you,’ she said, giving Castiel a once over that made his skin crawl, ‘Are we waiting on your wife?’
Jody pulled into the North Cove Police Station where her friend, Sheriff Christine Barker had called her from, and shifted the SUV into park. She shot Dean a tight smile, and asked gently, ‘You okay, kiddo?’
, Cas,’ Dean says, momentarily stung, ‘How can you- What the fuck, man? How can you say it meant...’
That shut Sam up just like he’d known it would, and Dean welcomed the silence. Every part of him was aching or malfunctioning in some way, but he tried with everything he had to walk as steadily as he could into the shop when Sam dropped him off at the door.
But this isn’t a different timeline, and in
methods.) Dean, being the consummate obnoxious older brother and shameless flirt that he was, had wasted no time making all sorts of comments and innuendos that would have been more appropriate coming from a thirteen year old, rather than a thirty-three year old. Unflustered, Jess had easily put him in his place with just a few blistering comebacks so perfect, that all Dean could do was stare in disbelief, then order a blushing Sam
Dean nodded, relief making him weak, and let Bobby lead him to a chair in the corner of the waiting room. ‘Thanks,’ he mumbled quietly, ‘She wasn’t going to let me...’
‘My brother,’ Dean answered, because that was the only thing he could think of — that, and  clinging to the edge of the table for dear life, ‘He’s in the parking lot in a douchey looking blue Prius. Can you get him?’
noise again, and says, ‘Dean, I’ve called you many things over the many years we’ve known each other. I’ve called you foolish, infuriating, selfless, loving. I’ve called you a good man; I’ve called you the reason for my rebellion. I’ve called you the impetus for what made me care about the entire world. I’ve called you beautiful, and broken, and deserving of love. I take care in choosing the words I say to you, and I would never use those words against you.’
face, and asked suspiciously, ‘Did she say something to you about me talking or playing music or something?’
In the end, it didn’t really matter, because the entire summer got shot to shit anyway.
‘Castiel?’ Cole asked, extending his hand in Cas’s direction.
‘Yeah, whatever,’ she mumbled, embarrassed, ‘It’s from me and Jack. Didn’t know what else to get you aside from old cars and old bands.’
Sorrow — the National
Charlie, as Cas’s ‘Queen of Honour/Best Everything’, gave a speech next, and was absolutely ruthless. She cracked joke after joke at poor Castiel’s expense — throwing a few firecrackers in Dean’s direction as well, just for good measure — until the entire room was in tears again, though this time from laughing so hard. (Dean was genuinely concerned Jo might wet herself.) She ended her speech with a cheer of ‘to Dean and Cas — live long, and prosper, bitches!’ and a dramatic full curtesy, complete with Vulcan salute as she bobbed back up.
‘Yeah, for y’all,’ Dean answered awkwardly, ‘I, uh, haven’t really been drinkin’ since, you know, that night before your accident. I been... I been goin’ to AA meetings every few weeks, actually.’ Dean could feel his cheeks getting hot, and heard his Kansan drawl coming out against his will, which Cas always said was his favourite of Dean’s tells when he was feeling uncomfortable.
‘Well, this sumbitch over here is that way, even without crackin’ his gourd, so don’t sound like nothin’ we can’t handle,’ Bobby said gruffly, jerking a thumb in Dean’s direction, making him scowl. Bobby extended a hand to Dr Davies, and said, ‘Thanks for takin’ such good care of my boy, doc. Really appreciate the effort.’
‘I will,’ Kevin promises, then hesitates and hovers just long enough that Bal can see where his mind is going, and grits his teeth.
‘We’re gonna find her, Jack,’ Dean said firmly, ‘And we’re going to help you both. Now... The sheriff and Jody are gonna be back any minute. D’you think you can maybe put those clothes on for me, and then we’ll see what we can do about finding where your alpha’s house is?’ Jack swallowed hard, and looked up at Dean, eyes full of trepidation, but before he could say anything, Dean said, ‘You don’t gotta do anything to earn it, kid. I know it’s gonna take time for you to understand, but you’re never gonna have to do those things to earn anything ever again.’
‘Where is she?’ Dean asked, his voice shaking with an emotion that Cas couldn’t quite get a read on. Cas opened his mouth to tell him when Dean looked past him and called, ‘
fucking night — is that
‘What gave it away?’ Castiel asked dully.
Dean and Cas sat quietly side by side in the front seat for the first few miles, each of them trying to get a handle on their emotions.
‘Our appointment isn’t until two in the afternoon,’ Cas protested. Charlie merely scoffed.
‘It’s not morning, it’s almost one o’clock,’ Cas sniped, but then said, ‘yes. Of course,’ in a softer voice, and led Dean over to one of the many empty booths.
‘No, I’m fine,’ Dean answered quickly, shaking his head to emphasise his point, ‘I... It was parked. A bike, I hit a bike. A Harley.’
Both Sam and Bobby argued with him relentlessly about going to the hospital, but Dean knew that once he walked in, he wouldn’t be walking back out, and that there wasn’t anything they could really do for him anyway. Plus, why leave behind a massive pile of medical debt in addition to all the other bullshit Sammy and Bobby were going to have to sort out after. If and when he was going to go, he was going to go on his own terms, in his own clothes, and in his own house.
‘Oh,’ Cas breathed, sinking to his knees in front of the bike, and running his fingers over the expertly repainted black fenders and gas tank, ‘Oh Bal, hey there, baby. There you are...’ He turned his head up towards Dean, eyes wide and wet. Dean crouched down in front of Cas, and took both Cas’s hands in his own.
his friend looks as he settles back down on the log, running his fingers over the surface of the wood just like Balthazar had done half an hour earlier. He smirks a little at that — even all these years later, he and Cassie remain twin flames, family in every sense of the word. He sits back down himself, and leans lightly against Castiel’s shoulder. Cas, in turn, leans into his, and they sit there, pressed against each other, supporting each other, until it’s time to head back inside.
‘You did everything just right, Claire,’ Cas said firmly. ‘Sometimes these things just happen; that’s why they’re called accidents. And Dean is just going to be glad you two are okay.’
Dean appeared just then, thankfully, looking every bit as gorgeous in his work uniform as Castiel had imagined. It took everything in him to not lick his lips like a damn creep as he took in the whole picture — down to where Dean’s name was embroidered over his right breast pocket.
‘Right... But dude,’ Charlie said, and paused, like she was trying to make sure she phrased her thoughts exactly right, ‘I don’t know how much that really matters, I mean... You and Dean? You’re, like, something weird, you know? Like outside time and space, steal a TARDIS, allons-y Alonso kinda weird. Possibly, soulmate kinda weird. So if you’re feeling it, then I say go for it. YOLO, right?’
‘I oughta build you one of those fancy shelf thingies you can just slide them into,’ Dean grunted, as he manoeuvred the last one on top of the small mountain of packages.
‘Is she always like that?’ he asked Castiel with a grin.
‘I’m not okay,’ he said quietly, ‘But I will be. We saved the kid — and his mom — and that’s what matters. My shit is... Gonna be alright, I promise. I just need a minute to... Breathe, once it’s all over.’
By November second, Dean was thankfully no longer yellow, but it was always a dark day for him. His parents had both died that day when he was sixteen, and he usually spent the day either at the cemetery in Kansas when he was able to make the eight hour drive, or the bottom of a bottle when he wasn’t. (He’d noticed his drinking had become a bit of a problem over the years, and typically limited himself to only a few drinks socially, but on that day he allowed himself one night to drown his sorrows in his father’s favourite whiskey, consequences be damned.)
Bobby and Ellen sat across from each other in the very middle of the group, Jo and Claire sitting on either side of Ellen, and Sam and Jack sitting on either side of Bobby. Cas had never known a parents’ unconditional love until he’d met the Singer-Harvelles, had never known what he was missing out on. He’d never understood the strength of the bond between siblings until he’d seen Sam and Dean together, two brothers who’d persevered, and never given up on each other, no matter what.
It took a moment for Cas’s face to go from curiosity to interest to recognition to horror, and during that time, Dean felt as though his heart was in his throat. Cas frowned, and muttered, ‘what the actual-’ but was cut off by the approach of a man several inches shorter than Cas with artfully tousled brown hair, and one of those intentionally scruffy goatee type beards. He was somehow dressed in a blue and navy checkered shirt, and tailored grey waistcoat, and Dean was just wondering how he’d gotten around the strict dress code, when Cas gasped, ‘
Dean took another deep breath, and opened his mouth, just starting to call for Claire a third time  when she appeared in the kitchen, trembling, Amara and Kaia at her heels. Dean pushed past Cas before he could make a single move, and in a matter of just a handful of steps, he was toe to toe with Claire. He raised a hand to her face, and just held it there, eyes darting back and forth, as though he was searching for something.
‘Sweetheart, I’d drive from sea to shining sea for you,’ he said without missing a beat, ‘Now reach in the glove box and get the map.’
Sometimes love was a roaring inferno.
Sometimes love was inky darkness.
‘They hurt me, too,’ Dean said quietly, readjusting his clothes until he was completely covered again. ‘But NRR?
Castiel’s eyes widened, ‘Sorry,’ he said faintly, ‘My mistake, I- I didn’t mean to push.’ He shifted uncomfortably, then steeled himself, because he knew he would regret it if he didn’t at least try, and asked, ‘Hey, can I- can I buy you a drink sometime? As a, uh, thank you for fixing my bike? No mentions of festivals or side hustles, I promise.’ He smiled nervously, and wiped his sweaty palms on his jeans while he waited for Dean’s answer.
couples to celebrate ‘monthaversaries’ one night when he, Cas, and Charlie had been holed up in Cas’s apartment for their weekly movie night, and Charlie had interrupted, saying, ‘ugh, of course you are. You guys are
Without hesitation.
‘Dean?’ he asked, his voice just above a whisper, ‘How...?’
from beneath his eyelashes — fluttering feather light, twinkling, all neon whiskey glow, electric fingertips, flame licked bitten lips. He was good at this once. He might have said
He forces himself to get up, and reluctantly climbs the stairs to his room, stretching until his spine lets out a satisfying series of pops, and silently cursing himself for falling asleep on the bloody sofa in the first place — he won’t admit to being
However, if there’s one thing Dean’s learned, it’s that the end is so much harder to come to terms with when remembering what’s getting left behind.
‘So anyway, I think a May wedding sounds great, as long as you’re not gonna make me wear some stupid looking dress or anything,’ she said, eyeing them suspiciously.
standing,
Despite his words, Dean did look a bit forlorn as they made their way back to the car, and Cas turned to look at the house one more time. Even with its saggy porch, and peeling paint, it really was beautiful, and the land it was on sprawled out for what seemed like forever. He sighed, and got back into the Impala.
did every morning, because
‘How about a T-Rex?’ Jack suggested, eyes lighting up a bit, ‘And maybe he could be, like, chasing a really cool race car? You know, something like... Uhm, like yours, Dean?’
(I’ve ranted about this extensively, but I’ll say it again, because I’m just that way... I mispronounced ‘beatific’ whilst recording, and it is bothering me to an almost absurd degree lmao.)
‘You got it, chief,’ Dean agreed, and followed Asa back out to the customer service desk, and once they were out of earshot said, ‘Thanks for cutting us a break, man. She really is a good kid, just going through a hard time.’ He pulled out his license for Asa to copy the information off of.
‘I just- I used to-’ he starts, not knowing how that sentence is going to end, not knowing how to say the words he swore he’d never breathe life into, because that would make the memories
Whoever said raising a teenager wasn’t hard was a goddamn dirty liar. (Actually, on second thought, Dean had never actually heard anyone say that, ever, because that would be a goddamn dirty lie.) Whoever
‘Mornin’, sunshine,’ Dean said cheerfully, a slight sing-song in his voice, ‘How’re we doing?’
Dean’s mouth was still half open, gearing up to make his next point, but he closed it with an audible click as his teeth snapped together. He looked over at Cas, eyes wide and vulnerable in a way that Cas had never seen before, and asked, ‘Really?’
Dean looked down at Cas, a strangely vulnerable expression on his face, but Cas merely gave him a sleepy, gummy smile, which made Dean go all soft and philosophical again, and say, ‘Well, the state says we have to foster them for six months before we can adopt, so we’re, what, almost halfway through? But, uh, I’m pretty... I’m pretty happy, how ’bout you, sweetheart?’ he asked, looking down at Cas.
‘Yeah, yeah, happy anniversary,’ Dean repeated, trying to sound put out, but he couldn’t hide his grin. ‘So how’s Scooby Doo and Marmaduke?’
Dean had left Baby back at Benny’s, and come over with the wedding party in the limo, so Cas drove them home in Raphael the RAV, much to Dean’s irritation, and Cas’s amusement. As Cas navigated the winding roads, he remarked, ‘That was a really nice time. I’m happy for Benny and Andrea; they deserve it.’
The back room had indeed been converted to a work studio for him, and with its huge wall to wall windows, it was the perfect space for him to spread out, and create beautiful things. He would sit there in the early morning on his days off, and watch the sunrise over the tops of the trees at the edge of their property, or late at night, after even Dean had gone to bed, and be surrounded by stars, and just... Marvel at the fact that his life had truly turned into that fairy tale love story he’d secretly always dreamt of. It was sickening, but so true.
seat five, despite having two bench seats, especially when you took Sam’s gigantic height into consideration. Cas was more than happy to let the kids go in his stead, though — that meant they had bonded with Dean’s family... Who would also hopefully, some day be their family as well.)
‘I was just looking,’ Claire said quickly, ‘I don’t need anymore stuff. Besides, they’re probably shit quality that’ll fall apart after, like, a month or something anyway.’ She turned away from the shoe display, and put the rain boots in the card alongside Jack’s.
‘Let’s just head home. I’ll call Benny later and apologise for bailing,’ Dean said finally, ‘Party’s gotta be half over anyway.’
‘He looks great, thank you Dean,’ Castiel said happily, swinging one leg over, and sitting astride the seat, bouncing a little to test the shocks. Dean watched him, mouth slightly ajar, then quickly looked away, biting his lip, and giving his head a shake before handing Cas the clipboard he had been holding.
They fell into an easy routine of togetherness that just felt
After just shy of two months of therapy, not to mention intensive work on his own, Cas finally brought up a subject with Dean that he’d been avoiding for some time, mainly due to his own insecurity. Dean had been attending his own therapy sessions, and they’d even had a few together, and it seemed like they’d become healthier, or more solid overall because of it.
Claire had dashed over to her friends as soon as she entered, and all four girls were very excitedly chattering. Cas noticed another girl in a long, black skirt a little ways away darting shy glances over at Claire as she laughed at something her friends said, and pushed a stray strand of hair behind her ear. He smiled to himself as he and Jack settled into a table that Jack picked out. Dean came over a moment later, carrying what appeared to be coffee for him and Cas, and hot chocolate for Jack.
‘Me too, Cas,’ Dean replied seriously, ‘Hey, I gotta get to work — first time back at the garage in, god, like, a month, but can I maybe... Call you later or something? Work out a plan for the festival?’
(a Commander?
‘Are you gonna say it, then?’ Dean asked innocently, infuriating as ever, ‘I won’t believe it unless you actually say it.’
DATE OF BIRTH: UNKNOWN (SUSPECTED APPROX. 16-17 Y/O)
fit, man, like these are your people. The kind who own tuxes, and speak French, and don’t cause a fucking scene at a black tie event. At the very least, you should be with someone who understands and inspires your art, not some ‘filthy mechanic’ with a welder who garbage picks half his materials.’
for marriage equality.’
‘Cas-tee-el,’ he corrected, with the air of someone who had spend his whole life doing just that, ‘Hello, Dean.’
too much to fucking ask for?’
‘We did it,’ he murmured, giving Dean a kiss that was far too chaste in Dean’s opinion, but made both Claire and Jack complain. ‘We’re a family.’
Bobby scowled at Dean, and turned to head back to the office, but as he turned away, Castiel saw his expression soften again into something like affection.
‘I also speak German, Russian, and Spanish,’ Cas added helpfully, eyes twinkling. Dean’s mouth fell open, and he groaned again.
. He glanced over at Jo and Ellen, who were nodding and listening far more carefully than he was, saw them both visibly exhale when the doctor mentioned Bobby’s positive prognosis.
‘Gotcha. Well... Have a good one,’ Dean said, awkwardness settling back over his shoulders, as he felt the hand gripping his coffee cup start to tingle with that horrible pins and needles sensation. He switched it into his other hand, and gave a little wave as Gorgeous Barista replied
, perhaps? I saw you showing those pretty scars to that stupid cunt and her slut of a kid. I bet you were a prized whore. I know
Jack looked up at Dean, anxiety written all over his face, and asked, ‘You’ll stay with me? The whole time?’
‘Hey Dean!’ Jody interrupted loudly, seeming to appear out of nowhere, ‘Ready to hit the road, kiddo?’ she glanced down at Nick through the window of the cruiser, and said firmly, ‘The trash will take itself out — it’s not for you to worry about right now. Let’s get going so we can meet the ambulance at the hospital.
So slowly, but surely, Dean deconstructed an entire lifetime of trauma piece by piece, memory by memory, and it was as exhilarating as it was awful. He’d known he was fucked up — that was obvious to anyone with two eyes and a handful of brain cells — but to figure out the why behind the what, and then figure out the what next... Well, that was kinda cool. He’d never been one to shy away from hard work, and this was some of the hardest work he’d ever done in his life.
Dean took another deep breath, then forced a smile and said, ‘Hey kid — way to go, you killed it out there.’ He held his fist out, and Cas saw him swallow hard.
‘Two weeks,’ Castiel repeated glumly, but then sighed, and said, ‘Sounds good. Just make sure you take good care of him, alright? That bike is my baby.’
‘You’re still five,’ Claire grumbled, but she clambered out of bed, and picked up her weathered looking Chuck Taylors from where they’d apparently been tossed in a corner, ‘What kind of forty-five year old man cares this much about ice cream?’
‘Definitely shitty and unfair,’ Dean agreed, his words catching in his throat, ‘Thanks, kid.’ He had the overwhelming urge to reach over and give her a hug, but seriously doubted she’d appreciate the gesture. Claire just nodded again, and refocused her attention on the trail mix she’d hardly eaten any of.
‘Oh for fuck’s sake, only you could make a boner sound like a Biology lesson,’ Dean complains, but Cas just rolls his eyes, and begins mouthing his way down Dean’s chest in a way that just
‘Please, Dean?’ Claire asked, ‘I just... I wanna take a chance on her, alright? Like you took a chance on me.’ She looked down at her boots — the black rain boots he’d gotten her during their first trip to Target, since the weather had turned cold and slushy — and Dean knew he was done for.
into fucking
as he turned off the light.
‘Okay Cas,’ Dean said, throat tight with emotion, ‘Of course I choose you. I’ll always choose you. I’m sorry I’m being such a bitch right now, I just... This isn’t my scene. I feel like all I’ve done since we pulled up to the valet has been embarrass you. I don’t look right, I don’t talk right...’
EYE COLOUR: BLUE
seem to have a knack for seeing the best in things.)
are you having such a hard time comprehending?
‘Fist bump works,’ Dean said approvingly, and turned to Cas, ready to make him fist bump just for shits, but found Cas had grabbed a pencil and started drawing the scene Jack described, his hand flying across the canvas as the outline of a dinosaur, a stretch of road, and the Impala all started to take shape. Jack watched in amazement, mouth half open, looking utterly delighted.
rather than
‘That’s super, but we’re not leaving
to himself, looking disgusted, more than made up for it.
Less great, however, were their nights together. They’d both been thoroughly shaken by Claire’s accident — for Cas, it brought back memories of his own accident and subsequent recovery, and for Dean, memories of the terror he’d felt following both Cas’s accident
He missed his early mornings with Charlie and Kevin at the coffeehouse, but there was no denying how validating it was that he was now being paid to do his second favourite thing in the world. (The first time he’d said this, he had initially said ‘favourite thing’, but Dean pouted like a child, and insisted ‘doing Dean’ should be first on the list, which made Cas roll his eyes, but he genuinely couldn’t disagree.)
‘Who even says ‘y’all’?’ Claire grumbled, but slouched over to the women’s shoes to look for boots, and Dean went to look at the boys’ shoes, mentally slapping himself for being so uncharacteristically nervous. He’d never been worried about whether a teenager liked him — even when he
‘I know,’ Dean replied softly, ‘I know exactly. Bobby restored Baby for me after... After my parents. He put each and every piece back together with his own hands, and made her good as new, so... Yeah, I know. And it was a
Recovery was hateful. The wrist healed up quickly enough, and the stitched dissolved on their own within a few weeks, but the leg was excruciating. It was slow, and painful, and frustrating, and there was a good chunk of time directly following the surgery in which Castiel struggled to wipe his own ass, which made him angry and embarrassed and altogether a complete delight to be around. Dean never wavered, though — he stayed by Cas’s side day and night, driving him to doctor’s appointments, and then physical therapy appointments, organising and researching side effects of all Cas’s many medications, taking over preparing and serving meals entirely, and, yes, helping with the ‘potty stuff’ as Charlie had lovingly named it when she came over to visit during Cas’s first week home.
Dean thanked her instead, always having been someone who appreciated the physical, rather than the metaphysical, and redressed slowly when she congratulated him on his prognosis one last time, and then exited the room, closing the door softly behind her. Dean stood there for a long moment, jeans clutched in his hands, and forced himself to take slow, steady breaths, and try to keep the tears that had gathered in the corners of his eyes from cascading down his cheeks.
‘What do you mean, ‘gone’?’ Sam asked breathlessly, and Dean shrugged.
But...
hurt, and grief, and doubt —
Cas made his way over to them then, and sat down next to Dean and Claire. He also looked like he was trying to get his emotions under control. Dean knew that Bobby’s approval meant a great deal to Cas, whose own father hadn’t spoken to him in about a decade after he’d chosen to pursue art at university instead of completing his business degree and join the elusive family business that Cas never talked about.
burnt, but after Cas’s over the top reaction, the petty monster that lived in Dean’s brain said he was going to drink Dunkin Donuts coffee until he
‘Who owns you now?’ Jack’s mom asked apprehensively, ‘When they... When they take us, Jack — he’ll be treated kindly? No more... No more- he won’t- The alphas, they won’t make him...’ she broke off, tears starting anew, and hid her face for a moment in the fabric of her blanket. Jack pulled her closer to him, and gave Dean a grateful, but impatient look, and mouthed,
The exhibit itself was something else. Dean had never been to an event like this — where he’d reluctantly handed the keys to Baby over to the valet with a glare and muttered threats, then entered to have a dude dressed like a penguin reverently take his beat up leather jacket in his white gloved hands at the coat check, with only the faintest whiff of disapproval. More neutral faced, white gloved, tuxedoed staff glided between guests, holding gleaming trays of champagne and fancy tiny bites of food that appeared to be made entirely of pastry and some sort of delicious mush and garnish. Dean had never felt more out of his league with his department store shoes and rented tux.
‘Like he’s dying?’ Sam asked bitterly, a humourless laugh escaping his lips, ‘Yeah, that’s cos he is.’
‘Cas...?’ Dean asked cautiously as he walked up behind Cas, bending down to make a silly face at Jack, and rest his chin on Cas’s shoulder, giving him a quick peck on the cheek, ‘What exactly are you trying to accomplish here?’
‘I don’t want to go down any road that involves a goddamn Toyota,’ he muttered, but then sighed, and said, ‘Well, what do you think?’
He shifted Baby into reverse, and had
‘Heya there Cas,’ Benny said calmly, ‘There was a bit of an incident with Bobby at the shop this mornin’. We think it was a heart attack. I’m taking Dean over to LCMC now if ya wanna meet us there... Yeah, he called Ellen and Sam — Jo’s with Bobby in the ambulance. Okay, sure, I’ll shoot you a text when we get there, and let you know where to find us. Ya wanna talk to Dean again? Alright, sounds good chief — we’ll see you soon.’ He handed the phone back to Dean, who had finally gotten himself back under control.
‘Alright kid, you’re free to go. Your dad took care of everything, but next time we won’t be this understanding, got it?’ Asa said, his voice kind but firm. Claire nodded miserably, and wiped her eyes surreptitiously on the sides of her fist. Asa led them both back out, grabbed their cart, and told them to have a nice day. Dean shook his hand, and then he and Claire were off.
Jack was silent as he thought hard for a moment, and said uncertainly, ‘Uhm... What about, like, a dinosaur or something? Is that dumb? I know I’m kind of too old, but I, uh, still think they’re really cool.’
a podfic 😂
Jack started seventh grade the following month, and seemed to be adjusting to his only-child life just fine. It helped that Claire called home every weekend, and had added them all on Facebook, so they kept in touch as much as possible. Amara kept sniffing around the house, looking forlorn, and continued to sleep on Claire’s bed most nights like she had always done, but now she just seemed wistful, like she was missing Claire a lot. Dean felt like he could relate
Jack took several shaky breaths, then darted a glance up at Dean, who smiled reassuringly. Jack seemed to force himself to raise his eyes to somewhere past Jody’s shoulder, and he nodded, ‘Yes ma’am,’ he said in a trembling voice just above a whisper. ‘He — Dean — said you help omegas. That you want to help me and Mom. If she’s not dead,’ he added, only the faintest whiff of skepticism at everything he’d just said seeping into the tone of otherwise clearly practiced detached obeisance.
"A terrible one. It got our baby brother Adam kidnapped, and it's only because of Dean that we managed to get him back."
“Don’t listen to Missouri, she gets upset if I stay away from her for too long.” Missouri tries to give him another stern look, but cracks a smile when he pouts at her, slapping him fondly on the shoulder and shaking her head as she walks away.
"You wound me, Sammy."
"I don't want anything between us Dean, please. Just you."
in the goblin realm anymore. No one had called on Castiel for decades before your brother finally did, and no one had run the labyrinth a single time until the two of you. Most people who make that type of wish are either desperate or cruel, enough so that when faced with this” -- he nods at the massive structure, the wall seeming to go on forever in either direction -- “they suddenly come to terms with their choices.” He gives Dean a look more calculating than usual. “Certainly none have ever dared to brave it twice. Perhaps I should credit you more than I have been.”
Castiel smites it to ashes in a single fission of holy light.
Cas shakes his head, tears flying off his face.  “You’re gone, you’re gone, forever, and it’s so dark, and it hurts, and it’s so cold, everything’s so cold.”
“Not yet.”  Not explaining further, he asks “Will you go to see Sam today?”
Dean slits his eyes open, shades them with his free hand like he is hungover and Cas is the sun.  A glint of green appears beneath the lids, just a sliver.  Emerald and so beautiful.
Dean lays Castiel down in the moss.  It is green and yellow and soft and alive under his back.  Dean lays Castiel down in the moss and tastes his lips like he has never tasted them before, like they are sweet with morning dew.  His lips cover Castiel's face with soft kisses.  So careful.  So gentle. So sweet, for his sweet angel, who is more precious than all the armory of Hell, than Dean's own heart.  By far.  “Beautiful,” Dean whispers, breathlessly, when Castiel's lips part and his head falls back and his eyes slip closed.  Innocence and perfection and all the stars in the sky, all lying underneath Dean, trembling for his touch, eyes closed,
“Wait, what, Cas, no!”  Dean tries to interrupt. He grasps at Castiel, bringing him back in close again.  “You don’t have to do this, Cas.  Not for me.  Let me just kill these guys.  We’ll find another way.”
Sam is standing on the other side of the barred door, his face visible through the window, his hand still bleeding as he finishes the incantation.  Dean scrambles up off the floor and rushes at him, and Sam takes a surprised step back when Dean passes over the edge of the devil’s trap in the floor without a flinch, to grab at the bars in front of Sam’s face.  “Sammy!” Dean yells through the space between the bars.  “What the hell, man?!”
Dean drops his head, and looks at the floor.  His voice is much quieter when he speaks again, and not nearly as gruff.  “Cas, what if I… what if I can’t?”
Sam smiles too, though his eyes are grim.  “I probably wouldn’t have killed him.  Sometimes,” he pauses as they reach the door to the library, and Castiel holds a suddenly glowing hand up to unlock it.  “Sometimes I feel kind of sorry for him, you know?”
When he sees that Dean is awake, he sticks a finger in the collar of his dress shirt and pulls at it uncomfortably.  “Dean, I want to apologize.”
Then he braces his arms on the ground, and thrusts into Dean where he is still sloppy and slick and wet.  He thrusts in hard.  He doesn’t wait for Dean to loosen around him.  He thrusts in hard and deep and his cock scrapes up against the inside of Dean and Dean’s back arches off the ground again.
“I do, Dean, I do, I get it now.  Or I sort of get it.  He told me…” Sam takes a breath here, like he isn't sure how to proceed.
Dean opens his eyes to the sound of his stomach growling.  He's not too hot this time. He doesn't feel bound by imaginary chains.  He’s just wrapped in a light warmth that smells like the pine of the hunter’s cabin, sliced with something more exotic, just a hint, of ozone.
, Dean thinks.
.  He…
He doesn’t want to lie to Dean.  “I didn’t think I was lying,” he says, to the floor.  “But Dean,” he looks up, “then we came back here, and I laid you on our bed and you were so beautiful.  And I
Dean crumples slightly, body drawn in on itself, head bowing again.  Because he doesn't think he deserves forgiveness, Cas knows.  Because, too, he is relieved and grateful and awed at the size of Castiel's heart, because he knows Cas means it, has truly given his forgiveness.  Because he knows that, though he will never understand why, though he will never deserve it, Castiel will forgive him anything.
“Yes, Dean.  Always.”
"Is he... Safe?  With you?”  Cas sounds like he is trying to be brave, but his fear leaks through into his voice anyway.
.  The miasma of his magic is familiar, after their encounter in the throne room.
---2011, after the defeat of Lucifer---
And in it, tiny motes at first but accelerating, spinning, wrapping themselves around Dean, around Castiel, the stars.  Oh God, so many stars.
“You are.  I did.” The oil in Dean’s eyes ripples and his horns spiral out of his head and curl in on themselves a millimeter more.  He pulls Castiel towards him, and holds him in close to his body, arms and then wings wrapped around him tightly. “Am gonna keep you.  Always. I promise.”
His phone buzzes against his leg, then, as Dean is petting the soft hair of his pet with the sweet heart, and he pulls it out, to check the time, but doesn't stop petting.
And if he managed to overcome restless mind and restless body, his dreams would not comfort him.  They would be full of fire and sulfur, darkness and betrayal and pain and the Pit.  Castiel sometimes the betrayer, the worst betrayer of all, to his great shame.  Body, mind, dreams, Dean never slept well.  His sleep never restored him, as it should have.
him, if he was going to be walked out into the woods to his death.  Just because Castiel gave him a blanket, just because Castiel sang him a song, God, he's such a
Hephaestus doesn't answer.  Dean stands, and begins cleaning his fingernails with the First Blade.  They always have ash beneath them, or blood, in the Pit.  “I carried around a shit chip like that on my shoulder for thirty years, first time I was in Hell.  Didn't get me anywhere.  You know what did?”  He looks up from his nails, into Hephaestus’ eyes.  “The angel.”
It is a moment before Castiel appears.  A moment that feels so quiet, so still, so heavy, in the cache.  Dean feels like he is on the edge of a high cliff, and is tipping over, and this is the last moment before gravity presses down and makes the fall inevitable.  Dean is not sure how he could possibly fall even further than his current depths, but he feels the vertigo, and spreads his wings against it just the same.
Castiel frowns at him.  “There is no stairway to Heaven, Dean.  There are only a small number of interdimensional portals.”
each thrust met with a short, high, whine from Dean, each thrust slamming Dean's shoulders up into the headboard with bruising force.
It feels different, laying down for a nap with a trusting little creature wrapped around him.  Different from laying down alone:  safer and more comfortable and warmer somehow.  Even if he can’t match his breaths to the ones cooing into his ear, just listening to them is soothing; concentrating on their sounds takes him out of his head and into a soft, sinking, slowness that turns into a golden-touched sleep.
Cain had given in to the Mark, and tried to murder the world.  Dean didn't want that.  He wanted to fight.  At first, he tried to fight with booze and women and ugly, bloody demon kills.  That didn't work.  It just made him crave more:  more blood, more drugs, more joyless fucking, and hate himself if he got those things and feel strung out if he didn't.  His head pulsed with a metallic migraine, all the time, and it only let up, even a fraction, when he hunted.  It never let up completely.  He thought he knew why.  It never let up completely because he never killed a human, only monsters, and that's not what the Mark really wanted.  It wanted the kind of blood that Cain had spilled.
Dean presses a hand to his temple.  “But why would you… why would you say ‘Yes’?  That could have hurt you Cas.  Could have hurt you real bad.  If he had asked you to do something I didn’t want.  If he had asked you to turn against me.”  A pulse of heat bursts in Castiel’s face when Dean says that last part; that hadn’t even occurred to him.  When he had been considering, briefly as he did, whether to accede to Sam’s request, it hadn’t even occurred to him that Sam would want him to hurt Dean, once he had control of him (or thought he did).  “He could have taken you from me,” Dean finishes, in a broken whisper.
,”  he says, little arms wrapping around Dean’s neck even if they can’t reach all the way.  “Dean Dean Dean.”
has to
“Ana,” tears flowed freely from Castiel’s eyes, and his face crumpled in complete devastation until it was only a shell of hurt.  “I can’t.  I just… he thinks I’m dead.  I can’t.  I don't know
Cas’ brow furrows.  Surely Sam knows… Surely Dean told him when Sam imprisoned him in the bunker.  Dean would have had to; how else could he have explained the terrible condition he was in, just from being in a cell, away from Castiel.  Sam couldn’t have ignored Dean's pain, wouldn’t have.  “Didn’t… didn’t Dean tell you, when you…” he swallows, and tries to let his rage at the Sam of the past be in the past.  “When you had him?”
, he thought he called out, his voice weak, over and over.
---Past---
But he didn’t.  He didn’t.  That would be too rash, that would be too much, that would be too soon.  He had only come here to see, for himself.  To see, and hope maybe that he would see that Dean was happy, that Anael was wrong, that Dean was doing fine and that his
100k words!  Yikes!  ( *∵* )
He thought:  Dean would forget him.
him towards Dean with fiery talons  that he resisted, resisted.
“To you.  Right now, only to you.  To keep you safe. To help you heal.”  He drops his head, and looks at his fingers, where they weave together in his lap.  “I am failing.”
“Cas,” Dean cries, and yes, he comes.  He comes all over Castiel’s hand, Castiel’s chest, even Castiel’s neck.  He comes like a steam train, screaming, roaring, heavy and hard and busting through town on white hot metal.  He comes and he clenches around Castiel’s throbbing cock, and Castiel comes too, deep inside of him.  Castiel gets what he wanted.  He gets to come inside of Dean, mark him up on the inside, and he keeps thrusting into it through their orgasm, his cock squelching in it, rubbing it in, rubbing it deep.
But Dean is lost in reverie.  “It was so soft.  Softer than any of the pillows in any of the rat traps that I ever stayed in, anyway.  And it smelled like you, at first.  I never realized that I knew what you smelled like until I was holding that stupid coat up, trying to breathe you in, because I missed you so goddamn much.”
, he hears Mary say.  And all of a sudden, he can.  He’s never been able to before, but now he can.  It’s easier now, somehow.  “Cas,” he tries.  His voice breaks.  He clears his throat.  “I love you.”
The poem that Castiel recites to Dean is by Rumi.
*****
They stay like that, fucked out, still, panting, against the back of Dean’s throne.  They stay like that while the sweat cools off their skin, and they stay like that still when their skin heats up again from the swelter of the Pit.
his eyes say.
“I couldn’t look him in the eyes.” Castiel says, miserably.  “I couldn’t.  I can’t.  Not after that.”
So at 1PM Dean sidles up to Benny where he’s cleaning glasses behind the bar of his catfish shack.  Dean’s got a towel draped over one shoulder, and Castiel wrapped around the other one; he’s wearing swim trunks and a white tank top and raybans pushed up on his head, rubber flip flops on his feet.
Dean experiences it as a cloud dispersing, so that all of a sudden he can see all the stars in the sky.  So many stars, and the night doesn’t even seem dark, any more.  It is violet, amethyst, moon-bright.  It is the whole universe, and it is alive.
His eyes are dark on Dean’s.  “That’s not everything you wanted,” he says to Dean.  Because he knows.
Castiel listlessly brushes Dean's hand away, and reaches out with both arms, now. “Dean.  You.” Up among the stars he is so free and light.  He is not coming down.  He doesn't want to.  But he has to look down so far, to see Dean.  That is not right.  He wants Dean to float with him, wrapped around him.  Then he will be perfect.  He smiles.  Perfect, with Dean.
And don't even get him
“Back to our room, angel.  Where I can take care of you.”
Castiel tilts his head and looks at Dean with serious eyes.  “OK, Dean.”
“Bright, like the sun,” Castiel says, smiling, and the light explodes in Dean again.
Sam interrupts him.  “A blood cult.”
.  Even if now it is the gentle rocking of a boat against a lake’s pier, instead of the storm that crushes it on the water.
Heaven noticed Dean’s campaign.  The angels were afraid.  They stopped their torment of Castiel completely, thinking this would appease Dean, but it did not.  He could not be appeased.  Still, he came, and he slayed them.
No more demons come to attack Sam while Castiel fetches the three books that the computer system says mention both blood magic and naming magic.  One of these is in Sumerian, one in Attic Greek, and one in English, apparently stolen from the Men of Letters bunker by Abbadon.  Sam can read Greek and has been living in the Men of Letters treehouse, so he takes those, but he can't read Sumerian and Castiel can, so Cas takes that one.
“M your angel?”  Castiel asks, under his breath, like he can’t even begin to hope.  “Still?”
Do you know your name?”  he asks quietly.
Dean continues, almost shyly, “I made cheeseburgers appear.” A brief pause.  “And a milk shake.  Thought maybe you'd be hungry, if you woke up.  But you didn't.  So I just ate ‘em.” He doesn't sound mad at all.  He only sounds like he is confessing a venal sin, about the cheeseburgers.
Dean blushes, in spite of himself.  “Yes. Cas…” he points, “Dean…” he points at himself, “Benny,” he points at Benny.
“Cas,”
---Present---
Ishkar understands about forever.  They did not think that there was anything that was forever, on this planet.  Anything besides themselves.  Ishkar wishes that their sorceress could have been forever.  But she was not.  That is another reason that Ishkar had to fall in love with the night sky.
, if he wants, with great, wide, wings (
Castiel doesn't say anything in response to Gabriel’s outburst, but he pours a small volume of vodka out on the table, and begins to trace around in it with his finger.
“Yeah, Cas.  Just yours.” Breathless.
Standing over him.  Chest bare.  Biceps banded in gold.  White garment clinging to his hips.  Eyes flashing and rimmed in kohl.  Halo crackling around his head.  Wings tall and shimmering black behind him.  He flexes them, and rivers of lightning flow around them.
Dean puts a finger over Castiel’s lips to shush him.  Castiel looks down at it with crossed eyes.  “Then you have to ask.  And I probably won’t tell you.  So then… then, will you hold me Cas?”
Pause.  Castiel doesn’t answer.  A horrified expression dawns on Dean's face.
“Dean,” Castiel replies, seeing where he is shrunken in his corner now for the first time.  He strides to Dean, cape flowing out behind him, fiery aura surrounding him, blinding.  When he reaches the corner he takes Dean in an embrace, crushing him against the plate of his armor, clapping gauntleted hands against his back.  “I came for you.”
He shakes his head, to clear it, before he drifts away again.
He wonders what it would be like to be in Dean’s room, without Dean.  Much colder, he thinks.  Much darker.  Dean lights up a room, any room, he is in.  And draws Castiel towards him, with his heat, his light.  Cas has been in
When Dean is full of gems and his golden eyes are drooping closed, he allows the man to approach.  They do not speak, but they understand each other. The man climbs up onto Dean’s back, then the flat of his head, so graceful Dean barely feels him.
and he wanted to answer him,
Dean scrambles away, rolling into the fetal position on the ground again, protecting his head in his hands.  “No, Master, no, no, I remember. Whatever you want. I'll be good. I promise.”
The Mark does quiet beneath the roar of the waterfall, Castiel can feel it.  He feels Dean calm too, his head drains of all the blood and the fear and lets it wash away, down the river.  When the Mark is completely quiet, and Dean is completely calm, Castiel takes his hand.  “I love you, Dean.”
And best of all:  Whenever he blinks he sees blue eyes.  They should make him sad, those blue eyes; usually they make him sad, these days, because they are not real, and because they are gone and because he failed them.  But in this dream, they are real.  They are not far away.  They are so close, and they are warm, and full of love.  They are watching over him.  They
dammit, this is the way to make sure Cas is OK, to get back to Cas.
He can't bear that there is clothing between him and Castiel, anymore.  “More, Cas, need more,” Dean pants above him, and Castiel pleads, “
Sam’s mouth drops open wide, wide as his eyes.  “Blood magic!  Cas--”
The song is heard everywhere, in the Garden.  When Dean wakes into the dream there, the flowers in his field have gone crazy.  They have grown wild and numerous and lush beyond imagination.  He cannot name all their colors.  He can barely breathe, for their scent.  They fold in against him when he arrives, wrapping around his legs, his knees, his ankles, caressing his shoulders, the small of his back.  It is as though they are all trying to find his skin, like they are all vying for the privilege.
“I used to think…” Castiel's lights dim a little, and he is silent for so long that Dean thinks he won’t answer.  That’s ok, with Dean. Castiel doesn’t owe him anything. Castiel doesn’t have to answer him, anything. Castiel doesn't insist that he talk, when he doesn't want to.
“Then drink from me,” Dean says, and holds his first two fingers to Castiel’s lips.  Castiel takes them inside, and suckles them. Cranberry juice from the first finger, water from the second, both ice cold.  He holds Dean’s wrist to his face, so he can drink. Dean takes care of him, so well.
But Dean, star tears in his eyes, still on his knees, clutches Castiel’s gauntlet to him with both hands.  “It's not enough,” He begs, insensate, as his hands start to burn, too.   “Please.  It's not enough.”  Not after the ice, the numbness that had taken root in his heart.  He doesn't care that it burns.  He just doesn't want to be numb, anymore.  And he doesn't want to let go of the angel.
“I called you ‘Mine’?” Castiel whispers, against Dean's skin.
It was not long ago that Castiel held the pain of the cult leader in his fist, red and sparking hot.  Fire burst behind him, and his eyes were like iron, and he was wrath, he was final judgement, he was fiercesome.  But now he holds Dean's hand instead.  This is what he would rather have in his hand, than pain, though then, and now, he belongs to the Master.
"Yeah, yeah, go ahead and help his sorry ass, but stay out of my way unless you both want another taste." Dean's been clocking two of them moving around behind him as he speaks; apparently Super Mario and tire iron guy have decided to team up and beat him senseless with metal objects. He's covertly maneuvering into a better position to face off against them when he hears the strangest sound and is momentarily distracted. It's like...like the whip of a cape in an old movie, or the flap of a giant bird's wings, a sound that seems familiar but out of place in a way that's jarring. Out of the corner of his eye he sees a dark shape alight in front of the last two assailants, cutting off Dean's view, but not before he gets a look at their faces twisted into utter terror.
“What?” He sits up, feeling suddenly sober and alert.
Missouri walks up to leave their check at Dean’s elbow.
“As you know, proceeds from today’s event go to our local food bank. This includes all the funds generated from ticket sales, as well as the auction items. Each of today’s vendors has also generously donated an item for auction, in addition to the wonderful crafts they have for sale. Every year we’ve raised more money than the year before, and we couldn’t keep that up without the support of our generous community.”
"I have a better idea." Dean takes their dirty dishes into the kitchen first, then directs Cas to help him move the couch against the far wall, leaving the center of the room open. "When it got really cold in the winter, Sam and I used to put our mattresses on the floor in our room and sleep down there together, huddled under the blankets to keep warm." The mattresses took up the sum total of the floor space, but it was preferable to shivering alone in their own beds. As a child Sam would cling to Dean like a teddy bear, clutching his sleep shirt in one small fist as if he were afraid Dean would go somewhere. "We can drag ours out here in front of the fire."
He shakes his head as he pulls into the driveway and waits behind the sleek black BMW as Sam opens the front door and comes bounding down the front steps like an overgrown puppy, dressed as casually as Dean in jeans and a dark grey henley. He's already on his phone as he slides into the front seat, answering emails with rapid-fire keystrokes as Dean backs out into the street.
“You know that I got picked up for shoplifting when I was twelve.”
"Come on, it's not like we're supervillains, we wouldn't use the information for evil! I can just find out who he is in real life so you can, I don't know, pretend to bump into him somewhere, talk him up."
as though you had not made a bargain with me for both of their lives? A bargain so tame, so utterly laughable given what it bought, that I needs must keep it a secret from my brethren lest I become the laughingstock of my kind?”
“No, and I’m not doing a damn thing without a green light. I don’t want to accidentally push him away.”
Release.
Cas purposefully waits until several minutes past six before leaving his office, heading to the bank of elevators at a leisurely stroll. Dick seems calm to the untrained eye, but years of observation tell Cas he's actually seething with impatience. Not long ago Cas would have felt guilty for putting him in such a state, but he’s quickly learned to enjoy the shallow pettiness of microaggression, and he slows his pace just a tiny bit more once Dick catches sight of him. The way Dick hits the elevator call button -- firmly, for a much longer period than necessary -- is the equivalent of another person jabbing it repeatedly, and Cas has to bite the inside of his cheek. The car that arrives has several other people in it already, a small mercy. They shuffle on, and when Dick presses the already lit button for the parking garage it takes everything Cas has to keep his features stoic, unaffected.
is to have you writhing beneath me." He turns his head to meet Dean's eyes, only inches from his own now. "But I'm not a monster. There's no pleasure in taking what I want by force. I’d much rather have you pliant, and willing." Dean inhales sharply, turning his head away. "So I will wait until that is something that you desire."
“What’s this?” she asks, touching the fine chain around Dean’s neck, the pendant of a horned figure hanging from it.
be worried or that you think I'm pretty?"
"What? Oh. Yeah, sorry, I was distracted."
"Took you long enough."
"For me?" His face lights up, and Sam's softens a bit. Dean puts a pair of sunglasses on Jack that are shaped like alien eyes, bright green like the hat, and hands him a little figurine. "Oh, it's bendable!" He happily sits on the bed, bending the alien this way and that, and even Cas has to smile.
Castiel doesn’t answer for so long that Dean keeps expecting him to be gone each time he glances in that direction.
Later that morning, Dean curls up behind him in the bed, breathing warm puffs of air onto the back of his neck as he dozes. Castiel stares out the window at the expanse of blue sky, thinking about his former home. He remembers the first time he'd heard a human describe something as "heaven on earth", and he'd scoffed at the arrogant nature of humans, at the way they assumed anything to be as great as God's creation. Now, though, wrapped in Dean's arms, warm and safe and loved, he thinks he knows exactly what it means.
“Just call him,” he admonishes himself under his breath, grabbing his phone. “It’s not like you have to face him in class tomorrow, or like,
was watching,” he teases back.
Cas softly bangs his head against the wall behind him, trying to pull Bal along. He doesn't want to hear this, it's too disheartening, but he gets a firm hand against his sternum in response.
“Oh, yes, they grew quite large, too large to fit inside the castle, even.” He shrugged, putting Dean back onto his feet. “Still, no one in living memory has ever seen real dragon, so no one knows what’s true anymore. Some people say that the dragon saw those screaming for help and had just taken the one he liked the most, tearing her from the water to fly away to his secret lair.”
It’s the end of the day when the visitor Cas has been dreading strolls into his office.
“Yeah, well.” Dean shrugs. These are things he's long since ceased to be angry about, especially since there's no outlet for it anymore.
“Close enough.”
"No," he says, pulling the mask off his face, glad to be free of his own hot, humid breath. "I mean, I've looked into things, but." He shrugs. He's sure Bobby knows more about Dean's history than he lets on, same as all the other teachers who've looked at his file. "No big plans in my future other than finding a job."
elated to receive this information, because he hasn't seen Cas in ages and is clearly not still hanging on to his far-too-late-and-therefore-unrequited crush because he is a grown man. He simply feels very happy, very suddenly, for no explicit reason. "It seemed like you guys were still together."
"Maybe I could talk to him for you?"
A wave of sympathy washes over Dean. “It was really brave for you to show up today. That must have been really hard.” Cas just shrugs, then looks with longing at the people milling about.
She nods. “Garth doesn’t really keep his a secret, he’ll tell anyone who asks that he dreams of wolf packs howling while he’s lost in the forest. Donna sits up suddenly in her sleep sometimes, feeling like she’s fallen from a great height.”
“This is not an anime, Charlie, and we are
"Why did he drink so much?" She strokes his hair with one hand, signing to Dean with the other.
Cas suddenly pictures his co-workers standing around the office, whispering to each other in small groups that fall silent when he walks by, only to erupt in fervent chatter once he’s a few feet away again. The object of pity as much as Dick would be one of ridicule. He shudders at the thought.
“Who are all these people?”
Castiel sighs. "I don't like it, but you are." He pinches the bridge of his nose. "What should I wear?"
"I'm alive," Cas affirms, and Dean's eyes fly open as Cas squats before him, reaching out to place a hand on Dean's fist. "I'm here." He pulls Dean's hand towards him, gently, and Dean allows it without thinking. "What's this?"
"So it's not like the movies?"
"He’s the goblin king," Sam hisses.
“I can see why you didn’t muster the courage until after school was out.”
"How dare you refer to my glorious Panthera armor in that manner," Ash says in mock outrage with a hand over his heart, and Charlie finally lifts her head and gives him the finger. Ash just grins in return, then squints into the distance over Dean's shoulder. "Who's that your brother is talking to?"
"Good. That's good. It's just that there's nothing exciting to do out here, and this place is basically a construction zone while I renovate. You're welcome to get comfortable with the television while I work. It'll probably still be loud down here though. Sorry."
, offering a hand to help Meg exit curbside. She raises an eyebrow at his chivalry but still takes his hand before following him the few steps to the entrance, careless of the damp’s effect on her hair. They’re buffeted by the warm air inside as they exit the revolving door, the hushed swish of the seal nearly lost in the buzz within the crowded restaurant.
The day is turning twilight when they enter the room, and Mary smiles to see them from where she sits upright in the bed on clean linens, wearing her best night dress as Matron fusses with the pillows behind her. She eyes the tray in John’s hands with interest.
“Promise me you’ll never pass the stones again,” she whispers, and he nods fervently against her bosom. “You’re just a child, and I don’t want to lie to you, so hear me when I say this: there is nothing beyond the stones that won’t end in death by fire. Do you understand me?” She must take the sob that escapes him as a yes, and she holds him tighter as he cries through his realization that he will never see Concordia again, and he doesn’t know why.
“But you don’t want to be ‘just’ friends, do you?” Dean feels exposed under that level gaze, as though his body is incorporeal and all his feelings manifest as color and light, vibrant in the open air. “I’ve never seen you pull the brakes when you’re interested in someone. Hell, you hit on me the first night we met, and you didn’t stop until you succeeded.”
“Who are you?” says a voice, and apparently Dean’s not as alone as he thought. His head whips toward the sound to find a strange young man with his back against the bed frame. Dean must have walked right past him in the low light of the room, for he sits in shadow. The stranger peers at him curiously, and Dean is too stunned to speak for a moment. “What is your name?”
“No doubt. The denial was strong, too. One day the teacher was making us read aloud by turns. He was before me, but when it was my turn I realized I had no idea where to pick up. I hadn’t heard a single word he said because I couldn’t stop staring at his lips, idly thinking about taking the book out of his hands to kiss him, right there in the middle of class. I panicked.”
Dean slides off the bed as Castiel puts out a hand, but he hesitates before taking it. “Could we just…” His eyes flicker to the bed, then back to Castiel’s hand. “Sorry, never mind. I forgot.” Castiel tilts his head, questioning, but Dean grips his hand firmly and doesn’t say anything else until they’ve emerged into the latest creation.
“I’ve been thinking,” Dean says much later that night, curled up with Castiel in the nest they’ve made of bedrolls and ancient curtains, shaken free of dust.
"What?"
aspect of it."
“Stop making fun of your baby brother when he’s not here to defend himself,” she says, shaking her head. “Or at least make a counter argument with all the stuff about you that he finds embarrassing.”
"Fine. Whatever."
"Hello, Dean. Are you waiting for Sam?"
"Sam, no," he says, shaking his head. "Dad told me that since I was eighteen and had a job I needed to learn to shift for myself after graduation."
"He can sleep it off here. I'll put his feet up and get him a blanket as soon as I can pry myself loose, don't worry."
“Look at you,” Dean teases, bumping his shoulder lightly, leaning into his space to look at three-year old Cas, holding a red balloon out to the person taking the picture, face smeared with frosting and sporting a huge smile. “I prefer pie myself, but to each their own.”
“Is he single, Mildred, do you know?” Mary whispers to her as if they’re having tea together instead of discussing Dean’s love life in the center of a gym while they’re the focus of several hundred people. Dean thought he was mortified five minutes ago, but this is a level of embarrassment reserved for one of the circles of hell, he’s sure of it. He fervently wishes to go back to that simpler time earlier today, when he was just worried about looking stupid in his holiday hat and sweater.
Castiel is extremely aware of his limbs as he sits in the Monsignor's office, waiting for him to finish reading the request for leave. He can feel the tension in his arms as he tries to convey a relaxed posture, hands clasped loosely in his lap, consciously trying not to clench them together. He curls his toes inside his shoes instead, hidden out of his superior's sight both by the leather of his loafers and the heavy oak of the desk he's sitting across from. Curl, hold, release, flex. He can feel the stretch of muscles in his ankles as he spreads his toes as much as he can, then begins the process over again. Curl.
“Shut up, it’s not like you have the luxury of choice at that age, you take whatever you’re given.” He reaches the end of that album and pulls out another, this one blue with an embossed design around the edges of the front cover that seems to pick up where the other one left off.
Dean forgets about ghosts for the remainder of the evening as he rides about on John’s shoulders for the festivities, marveling at the performers in their colorful costumes and rings of fire, enjoying sweets that his father procures from different vendors and hands up to him to try without regard for the transfer of syrup into his own hair.
Finally Cas pulls back, turning away to wipe his face, and Dean sighs as he scoots back a bit to give him some space.
"You just hate when I'm right."
“I did, actually, which is why I went in the opposite direction.” Charlie bites her lip as she uncorks a bottle of wine, and Cas winks at her. “I’m not obligated to interact with you outside of the workplace.”
“Do you think Adam would have been better off if we’d left him there?”
"I thought we were family." She sounds so small when she says it, and it hurts him to remember that she once sounded like that all the time, when she was a recently made orphan in foster care, newly arrived at a school full of total strangers.
“You’re hot,” Dean says, utterly failing to end the sentence with the proper inflection.
“That was a long time ago,” he says, pressing his forehead to Samandriel’s neck, conveniently avoiding Charlie’s eyes as he seeks comfort from the mare. “It doesn’t matter anymore.”
"Sam, please speak English or I'll have to sneak into your room at night and shave your head."
"Yep. Some of the neighbors have been joking about it being some weird demon animal attacking things in the night, but there's those of us that really know what's going on."
He's been at it for about thirty minutes when Mr. Singer clears his throat, a paper cup of coffee in one hand and a magazine in the other, and something occurs to Dean.
. Instead they finish up and collapse on the couch to eat dinner at the end of each day, and he finds something for them to watch. (He's stopped being surprised that Castiel hasn't seen anything, which fits with Dean's suspicion that he's been living rough for years.) When their lids grow heavy they retire for the night to their separate rooms, and Castiel will bid him goodnight in a soft voice with a look that speaks so much louder.
, but Bal was so convincing and I…”
She narrows her eyes at him. “There’s something else holding you back, isn’t there?” He sighs, head falling back against the chair. “What gives?”
"Did he say when they'd be back?"
"Meg..."
much,” Balthazar stage whispers to Sam, who just glares at him before standing up.
"Hey," a voice says, and he turns to see Sam crouching beside the door. "Come on, let me help you out, here." He's pulling Castiel's arm over his shoulders, being firm but gentle. "Just put your leg out, you're okay." Cas manages to follow directions, feeling himself being pulled upright and away from the car, and then someone is ducking under his arm on the other side.
She laughs. “Touche, Fergus. Touche.”
"I'll go first," Dean says, then hoists himself silently up onto the slim edge of the windowpane without giving Darkwing a chance to continue. He perches there long enough to get a read on the inside, moving silently onto a set of shelving that reminds him of a giant home improvement store, with shrink wrapped pallets of some unidentified material filling most of the spaces in the rack. He can see light from the fire flickering against the far wall, can smell just as Darkwing had that the fire hasn't spread. Could be a forklift engine that’s caught fire. He points as he feels Darkwing move into position beside him, and then they make their way down to floor level, Dean swinging down the racks as Darkwing silently glides to the ground, both of them crouching in the shadows as they listen for any movement.
Cas looks back out into the night, at the deep purple of the sky dotted with stars, like the gown Amara wore the night she sent Dean to this place.
"We're of Irish descent, we'll just call it coffee."
"I sure will," Missouri agrees, getting up from the table herself. "Rufus is already well acquainted with my second-best wooden spoon."
"Let me take care of you first this time, Dean," he says, pressing his thigh against that tempting hardness, watching with satisfaction as Dean closes his eyes and moans. "Please." Dean nods, and Castiel takes him by the wrists, pressing them over his head and nibbling at his jaw before whispering in his ear. "Don't move."
“Cas,” Dean says, pressing their foreheads together. “My life has been empty without you in it. Whatever I do for the rest of it, I want to do it with you, and not for one night out of the year, but every night. Forever.”
Cas sighs. “The first people were traumatized by what they remembered, and so desperate to escape that they often went beyond the barrier, never to be seen again.”
"I need maybe half an hour to soothe him and get him back to sleep," Dean says, keeping his eyes on Adam, who doesn't seem the least bit sleepy at the moment. "You can keep watching without me if you want. I'll get back down as soon as I can."
Cas sits stiffly, back against the headboard, legs rigid, hands clasped together in his lap. He doesn't move so much as his head, and his tone is as wooden as his posture. "I don't know what I would enjoy." Neither does Dean, and for the first time it occurs to him to be ashamed of this. Cas is his best friend, has been by his side for a decade, and he's changed drastically from the stoic angel that doesn't understand humanity -- but has he ever had the chance to discover things for himself? Things that aren't pushed on him by Dean, encouraging Cas to do what
"You make it sound like I take advantage of him all the time."
transformative. I’m probably not at all like you remember. Not that I expect you to, uh, remember me.”
No one speaks on the way back to the motel, but only the silence from Sam causes any discomfort. Dean's barely put the car in park before Sam is out the door.
"Of course I do. Billie scares the shit out of me."
"Oh, yeah, forgot about the built in timer," Sam says with a bashful look, and Cas allows him to pretend. "Okay, you're at a hundred and one, which I'm not thrilled with, but we're not in panic territory yet."
"I'm no fool. I've got twenty bucks in that you finish it without asking for help from anyone but Cesar."
“Oh, and you’re such a loyal and obedient subject?”
“Dean. He was very sweet, but you did not have the hots for him. He was just patient with your fumbling hookup attempts, paving the way for your bi enlightenment. Like a gateway drug to bad boys in leather.”
“Our relationship sounds so romantic when you put it that way. However could I give it up?”
"Yeah, after you've been in a fist fight with like six other guys possessing a variety of melee weapons."
"After 'me no likey'?" Eileen giggles at that, but Sam doesn't wake up. "He thinks it's his fault Cas and I avoid each other now."
“Cas,” he whispers, but he can still feel the dragon taking labored breaths under his palm.
"You don't understand, Dean, you have to go!"
"Yeah, we can probably do a search and see what kind of predator animals are in the area. Come on, there are two other farms where animals were killed, we'll go talk to those folks and then head into town." He turns to Cas, still standing with his arms crossed, and notices the flyer he's holding in one hand with a giant picture on it. "Is that what Davey gave you?"
Castiel returns to his castle in a swirl of feathers and bad temper, snapping his cloak away and flopping into the throne at the far end of the room.
"Not to mention that there's still time for you to name a kid after me. Or a bunch of kids and give them all 'Dean' as a middle name, that would work even better."
"Hell, no, Cas, I'm not leaving you alone with some asshole mugger, are you crazy?"
“Quick?” She nods, not looking at him. “Yes. Instantaneous.” He doesn’t know why she deserves this small comfort he can’t enjoy for himself, but he gives it without thinking, just like he did for all the other strangers who pressed his hand today and told him how sorry they were; that’s all Cassie is to him now, some stranger he thought he loved. She shivers, shoving her hands into the pockets, and it’s only at that moment that he remembers what’s in them.
"Are you feeling alright? You look rather flushed." The question is innocent but the punctuation mark is where all that stops, because the second sentence is full of something intense and wicked, and the man has a look in his eyes as though he can read Dean's mind.
Dean has an excited gleam in his eye as he starts looking at the other tabs Sam has open. "I wish Ketch was here, man."
"You've got to be kidding me, Cas."
"Clarence, people living in a campus environment learn how to cope with things because they have to, because like it or not you’re all going to be stuck with each other for several years. It’s natural to do the same with a relationship. There were probably a lot of things that bothered you, but you figured you could live with them and just went along for the ride."
"You know, I never thanked you before. For the cupcake, when it was my birthday." He hadn't known how, truth be told, and Mr. Singer had never mentioned it.
"Do you, um," Cas starts, then huffs a small laugh. "Do you want to see my room?"
"Thanks, Charlie."
"That's just it!" Castiel throws his head back, frustration overriding his caution. "I know that he wants me, Balthazar. His desire is palpable, all the signs are there. I can hear the quickening of his heart at my proximity, smell the warmth of his blood as it heats up beneath his skin with want. Yet he won't succumb to me, has outright told me he never shall."
They come together so naturally that he never stops to second guess it, and it’s not until Thanksgiving is upon them that he realizes that they’re actually a couple.
"It can be quite lonely, but I'm used to it. Besides, now I have you to talk to every night, and that makes everything better. Tell me about the harvest festival again?"
“Does our team have a name?” he hears him ask, and Sam clearly wants parts of his body broken when he turns away from Dean with a look of glee.
It’s with growing horror that Dean realizes that’s because there aren’t any.
"Hello, Dean," he rasps out, trying to sit up, frustrated with how he seems to still be swaddled like an infant. Dean moves swiftly to the side of the bed, putting down the thermos and helping Cas to sit up and free his upper body from the blankets. "Thanks," Cas says in relief as he props himself against the headboard, realizing for the first time that he's wearing a sweatshirt that looks familiar. Crew neck, heather grey and frayed on the ends of the sleeves. He's seen Dean wearing it around the bunker in the winter, when cold drafts move through the halls. He knows it's fraying all around the bottom hem as well, yet Dean never gets rid of it. Cas clasps the front of it in his hand, rubbing the material between his fingers. It's as soft as he imagined it would be in a hundred fantasies, and he clears his throat as he lets go of it and blinks up at Dean.
"Oh, it's there. Everyone that's ever been around the two of you knows it's there. I just don't know why you won't let yourself have it, when you get like this every time you nearly lose it."
"That's rude, inviting someone to visit and then demanding to know why they've come."
“Right.”
“How old were you?”
Darkwing faces him fully this time, head tilting to one side as he regards him. "That's a terrible middle name. Daredemon Danger? Did your parents hate you?"
“Why didn’t Amara return with you?”
"Maybe the fact that all the smart people around you think the same thing is an indication that it's a valid opinion and you should consider it."
“Well that’s because I’m a phenomenal actor, why do you think I was voted
Dean curls his right hand around his glass, swirling the dregs of melted ice and soda left at the bottom, just to keep from reaching out. Cas’s left hand is
“You know that technically we need a permit to do this,” Sam says when he arrives with his own armload of discarded wood, closely followed by Cas.
“What is it, Father?” he had asked once, and John had run his fingers over the tapestry, tracing the long dark neck and scaly body, all the way to the end of a spiked tail.
"One, you told me that was a third date conversation. And two, yes, I was too busy listening to him to talk about myself.”
"I also enjoy the judge's attitude very much," Cas admits with a smirk, and Dean laughs.
“You just have a seat here, sweetie, and we’ll get you something to eat.” Dean turns to see a petite figure, and is a bit surprised to see that she’s wearing trousers and a boys’ cap. Perhaps Millie didn’t have anything suitable for her that fit. Missouri hands him a couple of mugs of apple cider, and he approaches the newcomer cautiously.
"In any case," Balthazar says loudly, barrelling past the argument. "What is your obsession with this human?”
"That's the downside to the community aspect: it knows your whole history, and its memory is
“How do you know that?”
"Would you like to come in?" He backs into the apartment, holding the door open, and Dean steps into the space with a smile. He knows the layout of these units well, so he's not surprised to see that it's basically one large room, with a half wall separating the living area from a galley kitchen. The overhead light is on in the kitchen, but the rest of the apartment is illuminated only by multi-colored lights strung around the room and blinking in various patterns, including on a small tree in the corner of the room. He instantly feels at home here, and he doesn't think it has anything to do with the familiarity of the layout.
“Would you two stop already, I’m going to get a nosebleed.”
Castiel crunches the crystal into dust within his fist. "You have an uncanny knack for showing up exactly when I'd rather you didn't."
"This could drive her away."
"Perhaps."
He's managed to keep it together on the drive back to the bunker, eyes continually drawn to the rearview mirror, observing the lone figure in the backseat. Sam has been turned sideways for the whole drive, peppering Cas with endless questions, and for once Dean is grateful for his boundless curiosity. It means Dean doesn't have to engage, can just drive mindlessly while he pulls himself together.
"You should be so lucky," she purrs, raising an eyebrow at him, and he can't help but laugh. "But I'm serious. You don't see yourself clearly, so believe me when I say that you're like a shining, sparkly unicorn compared to the rest of us, and he's not worthy enough to ride you."
“She’s beautiful.”
"Dean, what..." He freezes as Dean reaches out to take the towel from his hand, holding it out and dropping it on the floor.
Balthazar looks up at him before he stands straight with a sigh.
"Sorry," he mumbles as Dean turns in surprise. "Sorry."
“Where am I?” he says aloud, and it seems to bounce back to him, echoing off walls that aren’t even there. He flails about in desperate terror, trying to find something to cling to, a direction to move in, but only emptiness is there for him. He shuts his eyes, trying to get his bearings, listening for something, anything, to focus on.
"So dreams do come true!” She fist pumps the air. “Tell me everything, starting with why it took you nearly a week to give me this precious nugget of information."
"That's what you think," Dean says before he can think better of it, because it’s actually been running wild ever since he set eyes on this man. It's not imagination he lacks, only the courage to voice it.
"What? No fucking way, Cas."
"Close enough. Both looked like they'd been dragged out of the paddock a couple dozen feet before they were taken apart by whatever it was. I can have Davey take you out there with the truck.”
Cas isn't in his room, or at least he doesn't answer when Dean knocks. Dean searches every other room in the bunker, wondering if Cas has gone somewhere, but all the cars in the garage are accounted for. It's as he decides to go knock again, suspecting the worst, that he almost runs into Cas returning to his room from the shower, toweling his damp hair dry.
“We’ll see how you feel after you’ve unpacked boxes all day,” he retorts, guilt shifting his gaze to the landscape of bread and meat and cheese, telling himself that now is not the time for this conversation.
"Sorry, sorry." Fuck, he’s still not used to Charlie’s constant presence in his ear, too used letting his mind wander on long nights. “I got distracted.”
“Want to meet some of the competition?”
"Sorry, sorry," Cas is rocking back and forth now, hands wrapped around his knees, laughing uncontrollably as his own tears streak down his face. "It's just, I couldn't resist, you looked so solemn and I thought 'well, I'll never have a chance to make
Castiel finally enters the room, looking surprised to find Dean awake, perched on the cot and waiting.
"Come sit here, it's more comfortable," he says, patting the empty side of the bed. "Let's find something else to watch. Tell me what catches your eye."
“You'd never know this was an empty smile, but then my days have felt like this for quite a while.” -
"Charlie, did you get that?"
“Thank you, but I’m not sorry about the upgrade.” She gives him a close-mouthed smile, and Dean is drawn by the fullness of her lips and the twinkle in her dark eyes. “Maybe I’ll have better luck with you.”
, of all people?”
His brother giggles, but he'll find it far less hilarious when he learns that Dean has video. Sam hasn't been this wasted in years and Dean never misses an opportunity for blackmail fodder, though he wonders if it's worth it when he considers that he'll have to drag Sam up the front steps of his house and try to unlock the door. He breathes out a sigh of relief when he sees that Eileen's car is in the driveway and the downstairs lights are still on.
“What do you believe?”
"I know what a banshee is, Sam, I read."
“Cas? Who’s that?” He rolls his eyes at her and makes every effort to sound casual.
," Dean throws over his shoulder as he leaps up the nearest rack and climbs to the top, finding his way to the catwalk where Darkwing is waiting, arms crossed with a scowl on his face. "See? It didn't take that long."
"You never imagined you'd be able to make what you wanted out of this place, yet here you are, doing just that."
For some time after that Dean is caught up in the emotional maelstrom left in his mother's wake -- confused about where she's gone, worried about taking care of Sam, frightened of his father's cold withdrawal from his children.
He laughs out loud, unable to help himself, then glances over to the coffeepot. He thinks the bear might be smiling.
"Someone got the drop on you with a chair? Were you at Monday Night Raw?"
She pulls out the bright red box, staring at it for a few minutes, then opening the lid to look at the ring inside. It flashes, even in the car interior darkened by the rain, and she takes a deep breath.
, Sam. Not after all this time. This thing between me and Cas...it's just been there for so long that I don't even know how to acknowledge it anymore, much less broach the subject. Sometimes I'm not even sure it's there."
Dean wakes to a shout and a clatter, his eyes blinking open in a strange room, and he stares at its unfamiliar contours in confusion before the events of the previous night come back to him in a rush. He pulls the cover over his head.
"Dean, come on. You have to admit that circumstances here changed when he entered the picture. Maybe he's playing some kind of game, or laying an elaborate trap."
"More important than worrying about your safety?"
"Well, he's a bartender at the restaurant.” It had been so easy to just sit and talk to Dean, conversation flowing from one obscure topic to another with no lag, no awkward silences. He wonders how long it’s been since he had a night like that with someone, genuine and unfettered. Not since Bal went back home, ten years ago now, and his heart clenches at the thought of so much time without really enjoying another person’s company. “We went to a diner for coffee after his shift ended and time got away from me, that's all."
“Comfy?” he asks with a smug smile at Dean’s shocked face.
"No," Dean says sharply, then clears his throat. "No. I mean, I think we've all been in situations like that to varying degrees. The important thing is acknowledging that it happened, and resolving to learn from your mistakes."
him, sweetheart. I do it because he would like nothing more than to forget about every mistake he ever made with me and Sam, so he can pretend that his storybook life with Kate and Adam is the only one he’s ever had. It would be so easy on him if I went away, too, off to New York with you to build a brand new life just like Sam has. Then he’d never again have to look me in the face and see all the ways he was a failure reflected back at him.”
“Just so.” Castiel grins to himself. “I think he will be very happy.”
“The baby deer grew into a giant moose, so I left him home. It’s good to see you again, Crowley.”
"Jesus Christ, Sam, you sound like an angry taxpayer yelling at a cop who won't let you park in front of a fire hydrant."
“So what’s it like?”
"That's terrible."
Mary throws back her head to laugh, and Dean grins adoringly up at her, glad of her reaction even if he doesn’t know what it’s for.
"Of course,” Cas says automatically, his curiosity too piqued to give a different answer, despite the distinct feeling that he doesn’t deserve that kind of attention.
"You're a girl after my own heart."
Charlie always says it’s the perfect cover to call it the Cave, since it sounds like Dean just has a basement room where he plays video games and watches action movies, which is largely correct. It
.” He shuts his eyes tightly though, just in case.
“None, except that which you give willingly.”
“I’m not. I detest these gatherings and everyone at them.”
"Dean, that was clumsy of me, I'll just..." he crouches down to start picking up splinters of ceramic, and Dean waves him away.
"I'm not sure. I remember being someplace else, before, but it's hazy."
“Why?”
“I do,” he whispers, voice as hollow as he suddenly feels. Secrets are grenades with time for a primer, and the more it has the farther it flings shrapnel into all the soft things around it, ruining them beyond repair.
"No," Cas says, forced patience clear as a bell in his voice. "Tom is a goat." He looks at the poor animal with its throat ripped out, lying at the base of a tree that offers no shade. "
Yards ahead, but even so the trees in the distance are alight with fervid flame, and he backs up a few steps until his back hits solid bark, hands clutching to hold himself up.
“This is why I need to find him, Crowley, I have to fix this. Can you help me, like you did before?”
"Yeah, and look how that turned out."
Dean watches Mary pull the door closed, shutting out the torchlight from the corridor, then ponders what she means in the dark until his eyelids grow heavy and he can feel sleep pulling at him. He feels as though he’s only dozed off for a moment when he’s suddenly awake again, as though cold water has been splashed on him. He blinks a few times, letting his eyes adjust to the darkness in the room, and realizes there’s a figure squatting by Sam’s cradle. He freezes, trying to make out its features in the faint moonlight, wondering if this dark shape is what he’s been waiting for all night.
“Help him, please,” he says in a strangled voice.
"I used to. I used to wish that my mom was alive, that we all still lived in a house, eating dinner together at the table and talking about our days. I thought that's all it took to be a family."
“Including the ruined room that you escaped from,” Dean whispered. “But all the rooms are empty, save this one. Did she do that for him?”
"Come on. Tumbleweeds in the wild, wild west? It'll give you an excuse to wear your cowboy hat. Besides, look at the location."
"We're not," Sam says, shaking his head in regret. "Not yet, anyway, we just moved in together. It's just something I know that I want, but I can't ask her to share a future with me if I'm not willing to share my past with her. I told her all about Dad, about the way we grew up, but...I just feel like I’m lying to her, leaving that part out."
“No, Sam.” He shakes his head. “He would have turned into a goblin.”
Balthazar throws up his hands in frustration. "Is there nothing else in all the realms to pique your curiosity? What are you planning to do with him, Castiel? Take him as a lover?"
"Oh, I wouldn't say that. It's nice to see you for more than five minutes as you wander past my office." Cas looks away as if embarrassed, and Dean's knees go weak.
“I can’t, Sammy.”
“I said come here.”
"That's not true. I socialize."
“Dean?” His head jerks up and he swallows hard at Castiel’s proximity, at the concerned look on his face, and he moves away quickly.
"Jesus, Meg."
"Lost?" Balthazar laughs, shaking his head. "You never had it in the first place. You didn't choose to be what you are, so your heart's never been in it." He pushes himself off the doorframe, ambling into the room. "You were touched by how much those boys wanted to get their brother back, weren't you?" Castiel looks away, but Balthazar nods sagely. "Tell me: how many others have defied you to have their loved ones returned to them?"
She looks down at them with a raised brow.
He meets Bobby's business partner, Rufus, who seems as much a pain in the ass as warned about. Years of carnival work have helped Dean hone the skills to deal with difficult folks with a smile, and he gets a begrudging handshake and a grunt when he leaves that he considers a win.
"No," Balthazar says slowly. "You haven't left the castle since the night you spent with that wretched human. I won't leave you here brooding any longer when there's revelry to be had."
After that, Dean makes more of an effort to talk to Charlie, though it takes weeks to stop calling her Celeste. She helps him feed the goats every day -- she has no problem with Marv, for some reason, and he's as docile in her presence as a lamb -- and catches Dean shaking his head at Donna, who's watching them from outside the milking shed.
"I don't know what you..."
It's the closest John's ever come to any kind of acknowledgement of everything that came between their mother's death and his marriage to Kate, but Dean has a feeling that's all he's going to get, so he doesn't press.
"How exciting," Rachel says, voice devoid of anything even close to excitement. Castiel gives an indifferent shrug.
"What the hell?"
"Okay, this is your chance."
"You sound like a therapist."
Samandriel visibly relaxes. "I'll, um, I'll get dressed, but yeah. I'd like that. Thanks." He turns towards the bedroom but pauses.
They’ve barely spoken today, the weight of all they have to do pressing on their tongues, and he can’t bring himself to go back to the house to face the eventuality that Sam will leave again soon, and he’ll truly be alone.
“Yes,” he calls over his shoulder. “We have found my brother!”
“He’s very good about not calling me that during school hours.”
“I didn’t realize,” she says in a whisper. He does stand up now, pacing the length of the room, arms still crossed, unable to look at the apology on her face.
“So you’re not getting the same feedback from him, is that what you’re saying?”
But Cas won't and Dean doesn't, so he changes the channel, and Cas turns his gaze to the screen. "How will I know? If it's something I will like?"
"Like a pet?" Dean had asked in confusion, and John had glanced in the direction of the bedrooms where Mary was having a lie down, since the burgeoning swell of her belly made her feel unbalanced and sickly then.
"Well, at least once I got to college I was pretty open to the idea of experimentation."
The sheep
"Good," he says, taking his hand back. The tips of his fingers tingle from the stubble of Cas's jaw, and he curls them into his palm in a loose fist, trying not to think about it. "Call Sam and see if they're making any progress with the Fish and Game warden."
“You boys, you’ve always been so secretive about what your lives were like before John and I married. I mean, I knew he always took you with him wherever he went, from job to job. It never occurred to me to think about what that actually meant.”  She dries her hands on a dishtowel, then wraps it around her hands, twisting it as she talks to him. “Not long after you moved out, I woke up one night to tend to Adam, and it wasn’t until I outside the door to his room that I realized the sounds of distress weren’t coming from the nursery.”
"Well, well, well," the man says, adjusting his gloves and flexing his fingers. "What have we here?"
“You are. But you shouldn’t be. I don’t know how you manage to keep it all locked up inside.”
Sam smiles, but there's no joy in it. "Tonight at seven?"
"What..." He cuts off, turning to look out over the city, and before Dean can ask why he senses the reason all on his own.
"Please," Dean says now. "Sam's just a kid, he didn't know any better. Adam needs me to take care of him." The goblin king's eyes narrow at this. "There must be something we can do to get him back."
"I'm sorry!" He blurts it out before he ascends fully into the room. "I wish you hadn’t gone away, and maybe I shouldn’t have done that, but…"
"But not the second, which means you either don't know or you don't want me to. Elaborate on the first answer then, super how? I'm guessing 'no' on laser beam eyes, so what actually makes you special besides the giant wingspan that apparently collapses into a convenient travel size?"
Dean hesitates, thinking it over, then nods his head slowly.
Castiel is waiting for him every night when he arrives in the room where they first met, but every morning that follows Dean opens his eyes to an empty room. He begins to fantasize about what it would be like to wake next to his lover each morning, to kiss him awake, to see him in the sunlight.
“I know, but that’s not all it is.” He nods after Sam’s retreating back in the distance, turning the family heirloom over in his fingers. Sam had insisted that he keep it. “I’m glad to know what became of my family, but I don’t know them anymore. Perhaps I will, in time. It seems we’re only half a day’s journey, now, and who knows what the future will bring?”
By the time he reaches the one month mark, Cas is feeling ridiculously proud of himself, the way you do when you've shaken any bad habit for an extended period of time. In fact when Zachariah finally shuts up about the quarterly sales figures, he decides to reward himself by perusing his wishlist and choosing one item from it, as a treat.
“Like that thing you do with your tongue?” Dean teases. “Because that was worth waiting for, believe me. You’ll have to teach me so I can reciprocate.”
"Where are we?" he asks in wonder, forgetting that he should be afraid. "Are we inside the labyrinth?"
"I do, but you get all frowny face when I talk about having him humiliated in public before he accidentally falls down an empty elevator shaft."
wanting to be friends is."
"To be fair, he brained you with a tire iron.”
"You could have anyone, Dean. Anyone would be thrilled to spend a night like that with you, but I want more than that, don't you see? Not just one night, but the morning, too, and the night after that, and a year from now, five years, and all the days in between."
"It's not your first first-date, Dean, get a grip." He pinches the bridge of his nose. "If he was gonna be scared off it would have
"They keep getting mixed up in my subconscious, and blending with that other place. The one I was in before Jack brought me back." Dean appreciates the way Cas phrases that, instead of saying
"Time for what?"
"We are going to discuss it, eventually.”
"I'm not, Dean what are you..."
“She wasn’t right for you, you know.” There’s still a bit of lag in Bobby’s speech, but Dean understands him just fine even though he wasn’t paying attention. All week he’s been distracted, hands on whatever he’s doing while his mind floats far afield, thinking of blue eyes and long fingers and Castiel, always Castiel, hovering on the edge of his consciousness.
Darkwing pouts as he backs away, clasping his hands together in front of him.
"Oh shit, the one you ditched on your date?" Now Ash is rising out of his seat to look, and Dean wishes fervently that a black hole would open up beneath their table.
"For what?"
“A month. Just after Easter.”
His old friend is much closer now, and he knows it has nothing to do with atmospheric conditions or the rotation of the earth. It looms larger than every other star, so much so that he can't block it completely from sight with a single raised fist. It pulses a white so pure it's almost blue, like a breathing object instead of a lifeless rock that burned out a million years ago. Dean stares, breathless with wonder, unable to believe his eyes as it comes ever closer. He can actually track its progress across the night sky, as though it's been creeping ever closer these past few weeks and is now in a steep dive towards the earth itself.
At first, Dean kept expecting Castiel to say
Castiel gives him a pensive look, then turns away. "I could make him forget, if you wish," he says hesitantly. "I could make you both forget. You would only remember during the time you spent here with..."
"It must have been a daunting task, to inherit such a legacy."
His mind is crowded with too many thoughts, and he's eager to get home and start jotting down ideas. He leaves everything where it is and locks up, turning one last time to look up at the dark tower stretching up into the sky, clouds still obscuring the view. He doesn't see the way they shift again as he gets into the car, firing up the engine and turning her onto the road that leads back to the mainland.
“I thought that Grandfather would come when the Master called his name, so he could see Sam,” he finally admits in a whisper, and his mother and father give him a fond look that does nothing to quash his disappointment at not seeing an actual spirit.
"Fuck. Are there any others?"
They stare at one another, breathing hard, and Dean backs away.
to take him, how can you not understand that concept after all this time?"
Cas hesitates, thumb hovering over the screen, his fervent desire to say yes tempered by the awkward reality of his current situation. Another text comes through before he can answer.
Cas has had two more half-filled cups of lukewarm beer, and it's enough to make him loose-limbed, at ease with his surroundings. He leans heavily on Bal as they amble through the crowd, being basically ignored by everybody as they catch out-of-context tidbits of conversation.
"Oh my god, seriously? They have a trivia night every week, and we try to make it whenever we can. You'll have to come with us next time. It's basically just an excuse to drink with your friends while you play live action Trivial Pursuit with a bunch of strangers."
"Right! Right. I, uh, forgot what I was actually doing here." He clears his throat, looking sheepish. "It's just, well. You're fine, clearly. I mean, you seem very, very...fine." His voice trails off a bit, and he shakes his head. "I'm sorry, this was stupid. I was just worried."
"Well my head is spinning now because you're asking too many questions, maybe let me answer one before you move on to the next?" He turns his head to where Cas is restrained in some kind of metallic apparatus, arms and legs splayed like a Da Vinci painting, face a mask of concern. "That's me. Not bad. A bit. No. No. Do I get to ask a question now?"
‘It’s gonna be okay,’ he said again, giving her a little pat, then returning his hand to the steering wheel before it veered into
Dean is a bit salty about not being able to legally get married, as it is 2011 in IL. He does (understandably) sulk for awhile.
‘No, he was brought in by North Cove PD,’ Dean said, making sure to keep his tone measured and unthreatening even though she definitely knew by now he was an omega. ‘I came in with one of my colleagues from Novak Rehabilitation and Reintegration. We help omegas heal and recover from — well, I’m sure you know — and get ready to rejoin society. We’d... We’d love to help you and Jack — if you’ll let us.’
