Steve felt a shadow fall over him. He flung himself up with a snarl of rage, his hands curled into claws, as his body connected with something hard. He felt the softness of human flesh under his hands for a bare moment and he tore at it, grasping and clutching, but he was pushed back just as quickly, something forceful striking him bluntly in the stomach and sending him crashing the short distance back to the floor onto his back.
"It's time we were moving again. You fetch the girls." Deiter instructed the baroness, who thankfully nodded without argument and hastened to follow him as he strode in the direction the barman had indicated. His sense of dread deepened as they entered the hall, which was scarce of any of the children, and he knew even before he knocked harshly on the door to the men's toilet and called out for them that they would not answer. The older girl crammed into a single toilet with her two small sisters? Perhaps. Four growing boys was unlikely.
Péter eyes were wide and he looked quickly off to the side before answering anxiously that he was fine.
Steve was spending his waking hours split between the visits and meetings that Schmidt had organized in the wake of the critical response pouring in from abroad after the mass deportation of the Polish Jews. He was also trying his best to discreetly gather information in order to discern what might be coming in the future.
"Oi, that shithead fell asleep standin up six minutes ago.  I've got my eye on all of ‘em, don't worry so much Tony."
Bucky was the one with a storm in his head now as they left the shop, feeling jumpy as a spooked cat as he tried to make sense of what he’d seen and what it meant.
“No, thank you.” he said as politely as he could manage but his voice sounded clipped even in his own ears.
Kurt Dobas still had the beady eyes of a fox (not to mention the hair to match) and the man’s wide mouth split into a shark toothed grin.
“Oh.” Stefen sounded somewhat sheepish. Tony heard his throat clear over the line. “She is young for drills isn’t she?”
If Tony and Stefen’s path took them to a foreign battlefield, and the children’s paths diverged, what then? He didn’t know. He was facing that same demon that had dogged his steps in the mountains. Tony Stark was reduced to being just as lost as everyone else, and just as powerless to do anything about it.
"Isn’t she wicked? Tony built her." Clint informed him proudly and Tony felt several pairs of eyes land on him at once in quiet speculation.
“You head back.” He instructed Grig, already walking away. There was one place Tony might go if he were in trouble and unable to go back to the house for some reason.
Tony was startled out of his thoughts as Péter shot off another round, his can shaking belligerently but still refusing to fall.
After the incident James woke the next morning clear eyed if subdued. He seemed embarrassed by the previous days ordeal and reluctant to look anyone in the eye, but his siblings took their cue from Tony and were dogged in their efforts to go on as if nothing had changed between them at all, any and all slights forgiven and forgotten.
Steve was just glad both women appeared to have a solid head on their shoulders and their nerves weren’t easily shaken.
“It’s probably just deserts,” the captain said after a moment and when Tony arched a brow in question his lips twisted in a sheepish half smile. “Bucky was always complaining I was made of sticks.”
“Good evening, Frau Boehringer. Did you make it here all right?” Steve rose to take the large pot she was trying to maneuver around the men who were already collecting around the table like hungry dogs and she smiled gratefully.
"That's not what I meant." Stefen allowed, looking slightly chagrined and Tony pressed while he had the advantage.
"What do you mean?" the maid Hortense voiced the question for her, sounding just as terrified as Natacha felt.
In which Steve and Bucky return from Vienna and there is lots of adjusting. Steve hasn't caught on yet that he's lost complete control of his household and that Tony doesn't respond well to orders. Tony's still figuring out that spy thing, that parenting thing (which is funny because he doesn't remember getting anyone pregnant and there are other people who really need to step up their game) and that whole 'play it safe thing'. Lets just say the first is a work in progress, the following is complicated, and the last is all but dead. Bucky has no idea what the hell is happening but neither does Steve, so like usual they make good company.
The only one who didn't seem happy about the change was Tony and Péter felt bad enough about his tutor’s obvious disappointment that it almost made him consider stopping. Tony hated the Nazis. He thought they were terrible people. He'd outright said it a few times, which Péter wished he wouldn't do. They were all encouraged at their programs to report on adults who contradicted the things they were learning, who confused or troubled them with strange ideas.
Bracketed between Tony’s legs, the heat he emanated warming Steve’s chilled skin through his clothing, just made him feel lighter in a strange way, easier to breathe. Safe. Connected.
He hadn’t realized until that very moment how much he didn’t want to believe it. He knew it was the child in him, but that didn’t make the yearning any easier to bank.
“How do you know something like that?” Steve asked, sounding a bit awed and Stark had the audacity to give him this look that could have melted chocolate for drinking.
James made a face at Stark and Stark, finally breaking his silent war with Steve, made a face right back. And then he winced in pain, touching a hand to his swollen face.
"That is a shame.” Tony forced cheerfulness through the unexpected tightness in his chest. “Willamina is making Nockerl."
Steve tightened his grip on the man he carried, pushing the thoughts away. He couldn’t worry about someone eles’s family right now, only his own. The group effort it had taken to bring the boat in had dimmed some of the shock from their near-death experience. Despite being waterlogged and weary, the children looked well enough on the surface, but they were too quiet.
He'd tried after she left... but even he could admit that he'd failed so spectacularly that it bordered on criminal.
Though Péter’s cheeks had flushed pink with mortification when Gwen had looked at him curiously he couldn’t be too mad at Harry because truthfully, neither could he.
“It must have been nice, growing up in such a close community.” Tony pondered somewhat enviously. His own childhood had always been a study in islands, the Stark’s living at the castle on the top of the hill, his Nonna and his mother’s people living down below with the rest of the peasants that Hughard used to build his empire and happily forgot at the end of each day.
“You assholes turn your eyes.” Bucky snapped at the gawking men that had drawn closer. They quickly averted their eyes and Jann huffed a small laugh, which turned into a gasp and a wince as Bucky began unwrapping her makeshift bandages.
He reached over to tug on one of her red braids. The Christmas that James had embarrassed them all had been their first without Mama. None of them had been well then, especially James who had still been weak from the flu and had been in a funny mood, dumping his glass down the front of their cousin’s blouse in a fit of temper.
There was a sharp clang from within as something dropped and without preamble, Natacha pushed the door open, shining her torch light on the pair who froze in its beam like a pair of terrified rabbits. They had pilfered a potato sack from somewhere and looked to be in the middle of raiding the pantry. It didn’t take Péter long to put together what they were doing and why.
Tony’s thoughts churned round and around in his head all the way down to the kitchen. He made himself a cup of espresso which he barely touched, his thoughts too heavy with worry as he sat in wait for the runner.
’ Tony whispered in his right ear and Steve clenched his hands to keep from reaching for what he knew wasn’t there.
It said quite a bit that none of the children uttered so much as a protest when he ushered them away, their deserts untouched. Charlotte made their apologies, spinning some lie that the children were getting over colds and needed an early night. But he hardly managed to get them all inside the room he and Charlotte were meant to share when she planted herself square in front of him and pushed him back with a firm hand on his chest.
Péter was holding still while Harry Osborne tied their legs together, grinning from ear to ear, one of Frau Nagels ginger snap biscuits clamped between his teeth. A tin of the things had been his prize for winning the nohejbal tournament that had proceeded the three-legged race.
Tony opened his mouth, helpless fury making him reckless, ready with a sharp retort that would probably have seen the other man dragging him outside to drown him in the lake. He was saved by the timely arrival of footsteps and the unexpected appearance of Natacha at the mouth of the hall.
“It’s February eighth,” Natacha mused to herself quietly, her brows furrowed in an expression of deep contemplation as she looked over at Ian, who was now helping Péter build up the fire under the grate. “We’ve been up here for a whole month and Father’s still in prison. I wasn’t even thinking about birthdays.”
Tony stared down at them and Maria wilted, her shoulders sagging with the crushing disappointment. Tony had found them, which meant they'd failed.
“General, more people are arriving. Should we clear them out?” an officer asked, eyeing the crowd gathered behind the fence with unease. But Schmidt just waved him away, proving Dvorak’s point. What was a show without an audience after all?
“They want them. Don’t they?! Tony we can’t!” Natacha hissed fearfully under her breath, and Tony was glad that she had the forethought to keep quiet because his heart slammed in his chest when they did round a corner only to narrowly miss being spotted by Hammer, who fortunately had his back turned as he spoke lowly to one of the maids.
She didn't want to sing, or to know the names of flowers, or to listen to any more of Herr Stark's lectures. She wanted to scream.
More accurately it was like slamming into a brick wall and Tony was no physicist but there was only one way for this to end: heels over ass on the floor.
"Don’t you understand? You’re sick!" She had to fight to bring her voice down as it tried to climb to a shout, the tears welling in her eyes and threatening to spill. She furiously blinked them away.
The request was loud enough for Tony to hear and his heart jumped a little as she fixed him with her earnest gaze. He couldn’t help the wild grin that split his features.
Though he could hardly blame the boy for jumping to that conclusion. Swim clothes had certainly been overlooked when the packing had been done. He paused, Artur wobbling on one leg, and Steve knelt to help him out of his shorts.
“Not now!” Steve groaned, fisting his hands against his eyes, as if the image could simply be rubbed away. He wasn't pacing. That was important somehow. It was important yes, that even though lightning buzzed through his veins and threatened to paralyze his lungs he was standing. Like a loon in the middle of an empty room but standing.
"Charles told me that you were learning code breaking today, on the radios." Natacha pressed back with a knowing stare and Péter flushed before shrugging again.
"Not that way!" Anamarie hissed, tugging on his hand but Péter pulled her along, shaking his head as he panted in reply, "We can't let them catch us in the alley."
But Stark appeared to know what he was about, banging about down there, every movement smooth and confident. He was focused in a way that Bucky hadn’t observed in him yet, the man always twitching and talking a mile a minute… he looked at home.
Her voice was still small and trembling, but her gaze hidden from the officer’s view was unflinching as she stared back at him.
The first-time Péter had come to number thirteen in the Jewish Quarter at Anamarie's prompting, he'd not been sure what he'd find but the nature of their conversation had given him a good idea.
“You’re staring, Herr Stark” the captain accused. Tony scrambled for an explanation that wouldn’t offend the man.
Strangely, Stefen’s face just got softer in the face of Tony’s fear, his thumb rubbing a soothing caress over the rabbit like pulse in Tony’s wrist.
“Never mind that now, Hammer. I’m home now and glad for it. Where are the children?” Steve asked once more. He narrowed his eyes shrewdly at the sudden darkening of Hammer’s expression and the quick glance that Harold and Virginia shared. It was quick enough that a less careful man would have missed it but Steve did not, nor had he missed that this was his third time asking with no answer forthcoming.
The smell hit him first. Dvorak was familiar to the smell of bodies and the waste those bodies created, but there was a distinct sour scent that came with the sick and injured. One that got in through the nose, sank into your bones and crawled up the spine.
Springing into action, Tony cataloged the damage to the hull while he directed the others. Natacha, he set about searching the many storage units above and below deck for shoring tools (rope, twine, patches, planks, shotplugs, whale fat, whatever the captain would have kept for emergencies) while the others scrambled to find stopgap measures. Cushions, pots and pans. Anything they could press up against a hole and slow the water coming in.
“My friends call me Rogue.” the girl answered him with a slight shrug and Lang snickered, remarking, “She’s got a better code name. I told you Winter is...” Lang tapered off at the murderous glare Bucky shot him and went back to pretending like he was cleaning his weapon.
“Fuck! Open you bastard, I don’t need this!” Tony cursed, violently smacking the door and Péter jumped, eyes darting around nervously, halfway expecting Tony to be struck dead on the spot for talking that way in a big church. But all he saw was a lone figure sweeping down the covered path surrounding the cloister in billowing black robes like some sort of demon.
“Astute. Is it my turn? You were desperate a year ago for my help. Now that you are at war, I can only imagine how much more demanding the Führer has become.” It was a joy to watch that smirk slide off the man’s face. Tony continued, pacing toward the windows but keeping both Stanislov and his lacky in sight. “It took me a minute or two, but I figured you were the only one in the world who might want to find me
“Captain Rogers, I think your children are overdue for a swimming lesson” he finally settled on and Stefen’s mouth twitched.
Steve was far from the only boy to lie about his age in order to serve, or to give an impassioned speech for why they should stay. Bucky had lied just as much as Steve had and nobody even questioned him. But then again Bucky had been bigger, and older.
Tony carefully set the card on the side table near the couch. Turning back to Stefen he dragged his eyes slowly up and down the man’s form, from head to toe and when he met his gaze again he was gratified to see the flame of desire lit there once more.
But he knew a losing battle when he saw one. The look on James face coupled with the feeling in Ian's gut and Peters thunderous expression… Nothing good was going to come for the rest of the day. Maybe not for many many days.
It was exhausting fluctuating between high alert every time an armored truck or a police vehicle went by, and mind numbing endless boredom.
When Stefen had trotted over to them, Tony pulled him down by the elbow to sit on the bench beside him, never mind the sweat that covered his chest and arms. The heat thrumming through Stefen’s flushed skin was welcome in the cool air, but Tony nudged the jacket he’d brought toward Stefen insistently all the same.
So he’d heard Tony thought with a smile as Daniel asked, “Is Willamina going to make her mulled cider?”
“Can’t possibly be expected to care if you don’t share them, Captain! Or to apologize when I discussed the matter with Pepper, whom you put in charge by the way, and Péter agreed it was a splendid idea –”
Artur thought it over, his hand traveling to his mouth again. It was a nervous habit that only seemed to come out when Artur was very unsure of himself.
When Stefen woke again he was greeted with a head full of fog. He should have slept in his bed. His joints clicked and clenched from his injuries and his position on the couch.
He got sick easily, he knew that much, but something about it still struck him as wrong - the sense of discomfort with the notion throbbing in the back of his skull like a headache. But his head hurt too much to think properly as it was, and Steve curled tighter into a ball, whimpering miserably.
“It’s the distance, Frauline Werner. They’ve retired to their second home. The Swedish air is good for Grandfather’s health.”
They were dressed simply in the kind of clothing any school aged child would wear, but the sight they made still struck Tony as wrong somehow. It was the way their clothing hung off their bodies, their thin faces betraying the poor diets that their nice attire tried to hide. It was not the nature of their times to be forgiving of dark features, and the children had a distinctly Slavic look about them.
“Daydreams mostly. What I want you to see is in the back, behind the marker.” Tony answered and Steve gaped, because these were Tony’s
The door was closed, no one was in the room Steve scolded himself. He covered his face with his hand, a small whimper escaping him.
“It’s scarlet fever. The doctor said –“Charlotte began but Tony had already run to the windows to tear aside the heavy drapes and begin cranking them open to let in winter air.
The Union of Italian Jewish communities in Rome, had established the main office for the Delegation for the Assistance of Jewish Emigrants in Genoa. President Dante Almansi, the Vice-chief of Italian Police (Racial Laws selectively ignored) had roped the Rabbis within the largest Jewish communities to act as presidents over select regions. Together, using funds donated nationally as well as internationally, they had begun a duel program of providing aid to Jewish families and assisting them with immigration.
Her hand hit the counter top hard and sent pain shooting through her wrist. The jarring sensation was followed by a sudden clatter. The kitchen maid Hortense cried out in alarm and Natacha jerked, confused and trying to make sense over the unexpected pain and the sharp sounds in her ears. She wasn’t sure what had happened, but somehow the little pestle and its wooden bowl were laying on the ground, crushed almonds scattered like soot at her feet. She must have pressed too hard, and the bowl had slid out from under her.
Why indeed. Tony kicked himself. Why was he resisting this so hard when it was what he knew he wanted?
"But you're a kinder soul." Steve took the hand laying on his chest between his own and brought it to his lips with a tired smile and pressed a kiss against the soft skin at Tony's wrist. "Thank you for that."
Sometime after the children had been settled into bed Stark had wandered into the study with barely a knock and helped himself to what was left of the bottle. Distantly Steve thought he should be more perturbed by this – because an hour earlier he would have walked right in on them knee deep in treason and that wasn’t at all good, also wasn’t this his private study? – but he couldn’t muster the ire.
Steve forced the breathes to keep coming – in out – emptying his head of anything that wasn’t related to keeping the house safe. He couldn’t focus on the simmering anger he could feel coming from Tony. There wasn’t room.
Not that he was an expert on plumbing, but he was fairly certain he could become one if ever given the chance. That was what he hoped to learn today, what his chances were and what kind of future they might open up to him.  All those years at St. Péter’s, he’d stopped wondering after the first decade what he would do with himself when he was free of the abbey walls because he’d stopped believing that he’d ever truly be free of them. Now, with half his life over, Tony was suddenly free. There was Austria still to leave behind, but the questions loomed before him.
Tony wanted to say something snide, angry even, but he couldn't muster it. There was a certain bitterness of truth to Bruce's little prediction. The boy who'd watched the brutal murder of his parents had certainly done a lot of screaming at god, and Tony hadn't been any more of a believer then. Just a child. Just desperate.
. My, how quickly you’ve forgotten all that we shared in Berlin.” He scoffed. “Well let me remind you. I am not your servant to order about and I’m not some soldier you can court martial either. I am your friend, and as such I will not sit by and allow you to make a mistake that could cost you your life, damn whether you want my help or not.”
Tony said it offhandedly as if it was just a given that Tony would want Steve with him, sleep or no sleep. Steve frowned.
Tony raised his eyebrows in surprise. He hadn’t expected that. It was on the tip of his tongue to voice to deny it, when Stefen continued. “I dream about the children, Peggy... sometimes my Ma and Grandda.” Stefen’s voice rumbled and cracked, still healing, and he cleared his throat a little and pressed Tony's arm more securely around himself. He turned slightly toward Tony, until their faces were within inches and his breath ghosted over Tony's neck, sending little pin pricks of sensation down his spine. “About the caravan too. My uncles… back when me and Rachol used to wait for the day’s work to be done for Bucky to come home.”
A soft entreaty, spoken as his shaking fingers dipped and trailed over the buttons of Tony’s shirt. Tony nodded wordlessly and Stefen’s smile returned, his gaze slipping to the buttons as his fingers began to work them. He got the first one undone well enough, but whether it was his body’s weariness or the muscle dexterity he was still fighting to get back, he fumbled with the next two until Tony reached up and lightly pushed his hands aside and made quick work of the rest.
“Is Göring a very short man?” Tony had mused from the seat beside him as they were waved through the gates by a pair of S.S. officers and Steve had eyed him, frowning at the odd question.
There was no tearing the children away from their father that night, and no good explanation for Tony to stay with them, so eventually Tony forced himself to leave them to it. There was still the supper dishes to take down to the kitchen anyway. He wondered briefly what room Countess Schrader had been given. But as he came down the stairs and heard the sound of raised voices near the front hall it became startlingly clear that something was amiss.
They said that Baroness Schrader was coming in the morning to take them to their new home with the count and countess. Frauline Werner said they'd be less scared with Charlotte there, but she'd also said that Tony would be leaving them and Maria didn't think she could be brave if Tony left.
The trouble was Tony wasn’t a doctor and he only had what he’d picked up during his days aiding Bruce in the infirmary at the abbey to rely on.
"Uncle Bucky!" several voices cried out at once. James leaped up from his seat, toppling his chair over as he rushed to hug the weary looking man around the knees, clinging like a barnacle. Ian quietly righted the fallen chair and then joined his siblings as they gathered around their uncle.
Steve’s pact with the Prince of Norway was based on more than mutual respect and the friendship that Thor had offered him in Vienna. Thor could not convince his father to move against Germany preemptively, but he had seen what Steve had seen all too clearly. Norway was too crucially positioned for Germany to allow it to fall into enemy hands. Neutrality would not save them.
Stefen didn’t say anything so Tony went back to his journal, even managing to lose himself back in the project somewhat before the sensation of being watched needled at him. He looked up to find Stefen leaning over his shoulder to watch the pen Tony had gripped in his hand fly across the page, numbers and equations spilling across it with each movement.
“They’ve already accepted him.” Tony interjected with an air of finality that kicked the legs right out from under Steve. “I sent them an essay he wrote and they’ve offered him a place. He’ll still need to take the exam for the state before he goes, but he’s been accepted. You can’t avoid this.”
We also want to thank you from the bottom of our hearts for sticking with this story and all of your feedback. It gives us inspiration to keep pushing through. You're all lovely. What do you think Steve's going to do when he learns what Tony has been up to?
“Well, I don’t think I’ve ever told you about ‘The Merciful Boy’. Once upon a time there was a boy, not much older than Artur is…”
The answer was Number Thirteen in the Jewish Quarter but what he shouted over his shoulder to his sister was, "I forgot to pick up something at the library. Don't wait. I'll catch up."
Tony swallowed his throat constricting as his heart throbbed painfully in his chest. It was a second before he could go on. “They’re all gone Farkas. I’m the last Jew left in Salzburg, all because my name is Stark. I think about them… How I sat in privilege, blinding myself to every sign that it was coming. It's blood on my hands. On all of us. I don’t fear God’s judgment. But I know I’m accountable for their fate either way.”
“Stark Industries has been contracted to come up with a comprehensive plan of production that meets the Führer’s needs. What you hold in your hands is Plan Z.” Hoch informed him, though Tony had already put as much together. He knew Stark ships when he saw them, though it burned to see how little progress they’d made in over two decades.
Sara had also fallen asleep, albeit in Tony’s arms. He sat with her head resting on his shoulder, warm breath tickling his neck, and watched with a stony expression as Stefen held court with Baroness Schrader.
"What do you suppose I should think with you shutting me out all the time?" Tony asked him calmly, propping himself up on one elbow until he could see all of his face.
He took another satisfied bite of the fruit and Tony blinked sluggishly at him, his brain revving back up to its regular speeds. Well then, a theory he’d definitely have to investigate further.
Tony gently picked up one of the brittle stems, wondering at the discovery of the book and the contradictions it posed in the man whom it belonged to, until his eyes caught on a passage on the page.
“Are you scared?” the big bully with the harsh voice asked Maria and Artur shuddered. He was very scared, but vati wouldn’t have backed down and neither would he. He clenched his hands into fists and had to bite his lip to keep from shouting, or taking a swing at the big man’s ugly face.
*Warning: Bucky threatens to smack Peter, not in jest. We thought pretty hard about this and ultimately decided that corporal punishment being the norm in his own upbringing and opinions on it being more favorable in society as a whole, that this made sense for him as a form of discipline. No actual smacking occurs.
Did Tony realize how often he scolded with the tongue and passed forgiveness with his palm? He was a priest holding condemnation in one hand and the keys to heaven in the other. Steve couldn’t have explained what that touch meant to him if he had all the words in the world at his disposal.
heard him sound like that before. Like one of Emile’s dogs when they spotted a stranger at the gate.
"We’ll have to go with my plan then." Charlotte agreed. The last thing she wanted was for the poor children to end up in the middle of a melee. She'd never forgive herself if one of them were injured. "My father has spoken to the administration, and they've agreed to grant him and mother custody of most of the children." Jann's eyebrows raised taking her meaning.
“Nothing has changed. We’ll spend a few days more than we anticipated on the boat, and then the four of you will go back to England as planned while Tony and I stay behind to protect the Norwegian Royal family.” Stefen replied back forcefully, as if he were bending the universe to his will. Tony threw his own will behind it and silently prayed they weren’t about to step into another nightmare.
“We’re all very concerned. But I just can’t think Dr. Erskine had anything to do with it. He has been a friend to the Major for many years.” She clasped her hands in front of her in what might have been meant to be a docile move but just had the effect of making her look more imposing. Like a school teacher about to sting their knuckles.
“You have already heard many Germans say that the people they call gypsies aren’t really people… but know that they’re wrong. The rom remember for each other, and share their stories with each other, because no matter what tribe this rom comes from or that rom comes from they are all of them familia.
“You’re welcome Tony.” She replied solemnly, holding his gaze for a moment before letting it slip away replaced by a eerily Pepperish glare as she admonished him under her breath. “Don’t drink so much. It tells them how scared you are, and Father hates it.”
He didn’t know how many times he shoved against the door until it popped open, just that he barely managing to keep from tumbling inside the darkened room beyond it face first. He caught himself, clinging to the side of the door to keep from sliding to the floor, panting for breath as his vision swam before his eyes. Furiously he blinked them clear, glancing hungerly around the room.
Wide frightened eyes looked back at him as she nodded and he pulled her close kissing her head “Good girl.” And then glancing over his shoulder he caught Tony’s eye again from over Sara’s head. “We have to go out the back way through the apartments.” Steve could barely see him in the shadows, it was a miracle really that Tony hadn't brained him when he’d come through the door.
Tony’s heart leaped into his throat, his first thought being ‘My God it’s happened.’ They’d assassinated the Führer! But wouldn’t Artur have said if something like that had happened? His frantic thoughts raced through his head as he and Ian scrambled to follow after Artur.
That was entirely too close, Tony thought with a sick feeling in his gut. He needed to have a very serious talk with himself.
“Germany.” Natacha corrected her gently on a low whisper. “You must remember that this is Germany now.”
Tony didn’t know what was coming but as his eyes moved over the table, resting momentarily on each child as if to memorize them, he was overcome by a swell of strange protectiveness.
He let his hand fall and nodded wordlessly. She headed for the door only pausing a moment to look back when she’d reached it and pulled it open.
She put one mittened finger to her lips and made a small shushing sound. Artur and Maria immediately fell quiet and Tony’s heart began to pound. Natacha jerked her head back in the direction of the cabin and Tony immediately followed the wordless instruction, reaching for Artur and Maria’s hands and holding tightly before following Natacha’s lead back through the wood.
Sweat dripped down his throat, pooling in the dip where the neck met collar bone. His legs burned, but it was nothing compared to the fiery ach in his abdomen. Tony was right, they both knew it but the hand he had resting against where Steve's sweat slick skin pulled taut was forgiving in its encouragement. Tony had his other arm braced under his legs guiding him through the windmill motion that was responsible for his present exhaustion.
Steve hadn’t meant to snap. That piano hadn't been touched in three years. Since before the family had fallen ill to scarlet fever. His wife had played it for the children often, to sooth them. She’d been the last person to touch it and Steve could never bring himself to play it after.
The ship anchored at the end of the dock was a British vessel, which was in and of itself reason or wariness as the tensions between Germany and Britain only escalated and the British government made their censure of the Reich felt. With spies everywhere and rebel traitors aiding them, one had to watch the enemy closely.
Susann was crazy to have taken such a risk where anyone could have seen. If people found out she was still doing business with Jews she would lose her other customers, and much more besides.
“Alright love, there’s some beef cut up and some sour cabbage in the pot there,” she relented with a sigh, jerking her head in the direction of a large clay jar on the counter not far from a row of jams.
Major Heinrich Dvořák desk was littered with letters. Each one more vital than the last. It was all creating a tremendous pressure behind his eyes. Shit he was tired.
Life went in circles. Rabbi Benajello had worked with others within the community to set up school for Jewish children. The professors who could no longer teach at the university took up positions as teachers, but there were gaps especially where language was concerned.
“That’s the spirit! We’ll be far too busy to miss anybody because the captain is giving us a special mission while he is away.”
“What do you know about Captain Rogers?” Niklas asked. He was the picture of nonchalance as he leaned back in his chair, seemingly content to wait days, months, or however long it took for Tony to reply, but Tony knew he wouldn’t ask if he didn’t have a hidden motive behind it. Nik’s hidden motives had hidden motives. He could feel himself start to sweat but he was a Stark. Acquiring a poker face was practically a prerequisite.
Steve nodded apologetically and let the conversation go on without him. He had no idea why his ire was up. It might be a crisp fall day outside but here in the apartment packed with fifteen bodies in and out it was stuffy and beginning to smell strongly of unwashed bodies.
"I have to use the washroom," one of the little boys piped up suddenly from the back, glancing nervously back and forth between Deiter and the baroness like a child uncertain of which parent to turn to. Wistfully he wondered if he shouldn't think harder about finding a nice girl and settling down. Maybe his work would be easier on a wife than he'd expected if she were someone like the baroness.
Stark had never been in the habit of carrying pocket change, but it sounded like he’d been working on something in that workshop of his. It could be nails or any number of gears in his pocket – except the sharp senses that had always made Bucky a particularly good sniper, also made it impossible for him to ignore the fact that the sound wasn’t coming from his trousers.
“Ouch Tacha, stop it.” Péter hissed under his breath, throwing up his hands to shield his eyes as the light blinded him.
It wasn’t until late in the evening that Jann finally showed up at the church. Lang was on watch by the window and hadn’t moved in the last hour, but suddenly sat up straight and gestured sharply for silence.
Their shoulders sagging in relief the three of them rushed to the bed, climbing in beside their sisters as the bathroom door opened and Péter reappeared. He looked surprised to see the lot of them there but pleased as Tony waved him over to join them.
All night Steve sat up watching. Waiting. Every shadow seemed to come to life, every sound a threat. Zimmerman offered at first light to take his position, but Steve shook his head and sent him to relieve the private standing look out in the stairwell.
There was so much that Tony wanted to say to Stefen. How he wished they could be open with each other and talk about what was developing between them. How he wished that Stefen trusted him, knowing that Tony would never willingly betray him. How he wished he was at all certain that Stefen’s feelings, whatever their extent, would not alter if he learned the truth of who Tony was.
That was the biggest problem, Ian worried, remembering back to all the times he'd woken to find his father watching him sleep. Da was in the dark place again.
“It was a risk to bring it here Tony.” Coulson reminded him with an air of reluctance. “I’m certain I was followed. I can find an excuse for one visit, but if I come back they’ll know.”
Now what was he? Bucky would always be Rom, but what was a rom without his people? It was cruel, but Stefen’s illness had brought back an old dynamic that Bucky had not felt for decades. Not since they’d been skinny boys, traveling alone across frozen Galicia to answer the call for more soldiers. Not since they’d been soldiers, leaning on each other for warmth in the colorless mountains. Stevie had needed him again for a small stretch of time. It was a horrible thing to admit even to himself but damn it. It had felt good.
"Do you see someone else around who's going to do it?" Tony had replied, rolling up his sleeves. James continued to turn his nose up but with some nagging from Ian he’d eventually gotten down in the trenches with the rest of them.
“Father, would you play for us? Please…” Péter asked, the light from the lanterns illuminating the hope in his expression but the noise from the party still too much for anybody but those standing the very closest to notice how his voice shook as he held the instrument out in his arms.
Sitting in the darkened theater, Tony still wasn’t sure he was making the right decision. He had to give the production its credit, the company clearly stretched every penny to make the ends meet. They’d put together a show they wouldn’t have to hang their heads about. Was it anywhere near the caliber of the star studded performances Tony had been dragged to in his youth, in the golden glow of the Hapsburg Empire? No.
He was just being stupid, he told himself, but another more insistent voice kept whispering that something was wrong.
Everyone seemed to breathe in at once, a shocked inhale, all eyes flying to Péter whose face had drained completely of color.
“Tony no!” She’d growled with a stomp of her foot grabbing up the folded bundle that Tony had lain on the bed beside her in white faced horror. “It’s fine when we’re way out here, but we can’t be seen in
"Tony I'm hungry." he heard Artur whine and cracked open his eyes to look down at him. Artur looked up at Tony from where he sat on the fur rug with the rest of his siblings, crowded in front of the fire to keep warm while they listened to the small radio Tony had found tucked in one of the kitchen cupboards. Tony had moved it into the living area and scrounged the cabin for replacement batteries - finding a small box of them in the utility chest shoved up against the side door.
Steve licked his lips and pressed forward, unwilling to feel the guilt or the shame he knew he should feel thinking about that shadow and the jeopardy he might have put the brothers at the abbey in. There wasn't room for it. Nothing else mattered besides getting an answer.
Tony smiled fondly at the memory sipping his coffee as he turned from his view of the garden to glance back into the kitchen where Willamina was now scolding a kitchen girl for leaving the bread to toast too long.
The cool evening air hit Steve’s face, the darkened sky stretched wide above their heads, and Steve was struck with the smallest most cowardly urge to retreat inside.
Breakfast was bread with a kind of sour salty spread on top that reminded Steve of their childhood in the caravan.  Even Steve’s ma had kept a hen, but a few of the uncles had been flush enough to keep goats too. They were hardy and made good milk and butter. The young boys in the caravan would keep track of them while they camped, and herd them ahead of the wagon line when the caravan was on the move. The children left before, so that way if they ran into trouble the adults wouldn’t be far behind.
Did you survive? We can't wait to hear what you think. Thank you for going on this ride. We hope to get the next chapter out soon. We promise it won't be another six months! On that note, because of life conflicts TFIOT is taking a step back from the fic. It is important to both of us to finish this story as it has been such a gigantic part of our lives over the past few years. I will be writing the story to its conclusion. Though chapters may not be as long, I sincerely hope you enjoy the rest of the journey. Faithfully yours - Triddlegrl
Tony gasped, only for Stefen to steal his breath again, the sound swallowed as his slick tongue thrusted deep inside Tony’s mouth. He jerked his hips up, desperate to feel Stefen against him, and his eyes fell closed as Stefen mirrored the movement and Tony swore the stars fell down from heaven.
Stefen closed the doors of the study behind them, making the space suddenly feel cramped and over stuffed with furniture but the action made Tony straightened up with wariness. Stefen was making as certain as he could that they would not be overheard, which meant this wasn’t about the children.
In The Mission Part 2: Tony (because fuck Anton) and Steve part with the children, and throw themselves into preparation for Operation Thunder. Tony prooves to Agent Holmes he's not talking shit and reunites with an old friend.
Tony remembered being a child, remembered the innocence with which he had approached the world- before angry bullets and an angrier mob had torn his family apart, before he’d ever believed that something so terrible as watching his parents murder could ever happen to him- and Tony remembered down to the last second, how it felt to have innocence torn away.
He hoped their mission succeeded, but there was no guarantee that even if it did that Steve and those who had participated wouldn’t be dubbed traitors by the public. He could as easily be condemned for his actions as awarded for them. He knew that. He’d made his peace and judged it the right thing to do.
“Fuck you, no Stefen fuck you for saying that!” Bucky growled. “They’re my family too. And maybe it’s easy for you to forget where ya come from, but they are rounding people up out there.” Bucky swung his arm, gesturing out over the lake as if it stood in for all of the Reichland.
Charlotte looked up at Steve, her lips tilting into a playful pout, her voice smooth as syrup as she taunted him. “She won’t quit darling, and I’m getting dreadfully bored. If you refuse to indulge me, I’ll just take to the floor with Herr Stark and drive you to jealousy.”
The children only had what layers they'd managed to wear on their person, and there had been only so many things Tony could take from the villa in his own trunk when he'd left without drawing suspicion. He'd concentrated mostly on tools they might need, not certain what would be available to them in the cabin.
Over the years he’d witnessed any number of early morning comings and goings on the dock. Usually it was just drunk sailors stumbling from the pubs to find their beds, but occasionally it was something less savory.
A burp of static from the radio finally roused him, and he leaned forward staring intently at it. His body ached, heavy and weak with hunger. When the hell had he last ate? For days he and the children had been in a stupor. He’d let that happen. They could all get sick, and there was no help for them up here. Tony was all the help they had. All the father they had now. He had to get up. Pull them all up.
And if by chance, the Führer proved to be as mad as some feared, then one was left with no choice but to retreat.
“We’ll get to the point Herr Stark, but first I must remind you that everything said in this room today is considered strictly confidential.” The admiral waited for Tony’s nod of confirmation before continuing.
Steve frowned at the dark memory. She was the reason he was here. Learning what she had done had changed his priorities. Not that he blamed her.  She hadn’t been given many other options.
“And you’re sure Schmidt couldn’t have planted it there?” he asked as he handed one of the glasses off to Siv and Steve stilled momentarily. To be honest the thought had never even accorded to him.
"That sounds alright" he agreed, laying an arm over Ian's shoulder when the boy came to stand beside him. If he held on a little too tight Ian didn’t say anything about it.
“Stefen’s a rich man. Looters will be out and they know the police will be busy.” Bucky had replied unapologetically, passing Péter a case full of bullets. His hands had trembled slightly as he took them. “You remember how to load that chavo?”
There had been no choice, no help for it, but it had been a mistake. It was a mistake; Steve was going to suffocate. The walls creaked and groaned around him, pressing closer, the heavy stench of shit and mold too full in his nose, thick in his mouth like he was choking on balled up socks.
“You always were damned clever Tony.” The most horrible thing about those words was how genuinely fond Obadiah sounded saying them. It was far too reminiscent of the past for Tony’s liking. Obi in that chair, smoking or drinking. Sometimes both. His father at the desk, plans, prints, and documents ignored in favor of drink, ranting about their lack of progress. But instead of standing at the window looking out at the sea, Tony would be making himself small and unobtrusive on the floor by Obi’s chair, protected from his father’s temper by his uncle’s benevolent shadow.
Sub-Lieutenant Amsel led Tony briskly through busy corridors with polished floors, past open office doors and groups of uniformed men and others in sharp business suits. Preparing for war on sight seemed to be a booming enterprise. Tony got the feeling as they walked that eyes were following them and whispers just a step behind. If he strained his ears Tony had no doubt he’d hear them.
Tony dropped the key down a bathroom drain the first chance he got and prayed his steel would hold up.
She hoped for their sake as well as the captain’s that they really were as accomplished as Herr Stark often said.
“Yes, please!” Ian blurted and then tried to school his features according to a soldier. He must have failed because Da chuckled.
“Just stay calm,” Stefen said for what must have been the eleventh time. Péter lowered the rifle to glare at his father.
“Do you not want to know his symptoms?” The housekeeper spoke up from the back of the room, reminding everyone again of her presence. She'd taken a step closer to the bed herself, her red brows drawn together in confusion. No one could miss the stark accusation in her voice.
“Too much risk.” Stefen grunted. “It’s easier to send you alone. I’ll join you all as soon as I can.”
The Forum was a good place to get lost in. It was the heartbeat of the city and the center of its commerce, drawing folks from all ends, both land and sea. There was beauty in the old stones bathed in the golden light of autumn, the dancing colors of the leaves on the rustling trees, and the aquamarine strokes of waves just visible between the arches on the sea facing ends of the square. There was something here that poets would have written prose about, but it was soured by the stench of death.
A moment later Hedwig came with a menu and a frothing mug of beer. Bucky smiled at her because he appreciated a woman who knew how to greet a fellow and it had been too long since he’d had the pleasure of a beautiful woman in his bed. His nights were full now, chasing rabbit trails. It was enough to drive a man to drink.
"It's ingenuous, isn't it?” Tony asked, hoping to distract him as he gingerly plucked the metal can out of the boy’s hand. " I designed it myself. I'm calling it the Stark Safe.  Of course, you can use it to carry any valuables, not just weapons."
He was past the store. Next to an apartment building now. The crowd wasn’t as thick here. Most were inside. Forcing everyone out. Shoving things out the windows onto the street. Tables. Chairs. People.
“There wasn’t much left after the boys had their turn. I had to steal the pitcher away from James.” With a prim press of her lips, ruined slightly by the way her tongue darted out to chase the sweet droplets on her lips, Natacha sighed. “Frou Hogan should really talk to father about his temper. James is too old to be behaving that way. Even Artur doesn’t throw so many tantrums.”
"When I am Péter's age and done with my primary schooling, I could take the exam in order to go on with my schooling but would it be right? We were told, a true German woman knows she is not to be like those prideful women who try and compete with men. The future of our nation depends on our careful selection of only the best sort of mate and our dedication to motherhood. We will turn our attention to where it belongs. The noble pursuit of motherhood. "
“The opera tonight, it’s been so long since I’ve been I don’t even care what the show is.” Tony immediately replied with a telling amount of eagerness and Stefen smiled.
He saw the moment Tony found whatever it was he was looking for. His breath hitched in his chest as Tony closed the last inch of distance between them, a tender press of lips agents his own pulling a groan from somewhere deep within Steve’s chest, just under his heart.
“Alright, bambinos!” Tony clapped his hands together to grab the children's attention. It mostly worked, nearly all of them quieting their chatter to look his way. James was the exception, continuing to try and bat away Ian who had the misfortune of standing his bicycle too close to him.
None of the others besides Bucky seemed surprised by his sudden announcement. They were used to the way that waiting around for hours with only the possibility of death at the other end of the wait could make a man willing to share things about his life he wouldn’t otherwise.  They all had to make their peace with the fact that the chance might never come again. It was a comradery older and truer than anything else Steve knew.
Without further ado we bring you the 10th installment. Please forgive any errors we didn't catch, we've been working for a month to get this out to you :P Enjoy.
Lt. Steven's had been as confused as the rest, directionless, but not so bitter that he'd let it consume everything else. His motto had always been to work hard and to obey the law. A man could always expect to be fed and not to be surprised by very much, if he just did the work and respected the law. His brother Linus said it was a simple way to look at the world, and perhaps that was true. Dieter had always preferred to keep things simple.
They were both relieved, both just happy that neither of them had been hurt and happy for the moment to laugh at the silliness of the situation. And Tony hoped that after that they would be able to put the tension behind them… but it seemed not to be.
He should have known better. The children had begun a game of zigging (or at least trying to) around Tony, enjoying the speed of their bikes and the freedom of being out and about. They so rarely got to be uninhibited this way so he let them, largely amused by their showboating. The maneuver was harder for Natacha and James, both carrying small children on their backs, though it didn’t stop them from trying.
The snap of command was back in Stefen’s tone and Tony couldn’t help the stir of arousal deep in his belly but he did his best to quell the feeling, because honestly. As if Tony was ever going to be displeased to find himself in bed with Captain Rogers.
Bakhuizen played his violin as the children drifted off to sleep, the sweet lilting notes a pleasant companion after the somber turn the evening had taken. Tony had gotten up after he’d begun to play, needing to breathe. He’d walked into the trees a ways until he was close enough to see the glint of moonlight on the lake.
It was irritating, was what it was. For Christ sake. Steve loved his children. More than anything. More than his own life. He really could do without Bucky's chastising and Starks constant pushing and prodding.
"Herr Hammer has a reputation of unreliable character," Steven's pointed out. Captain Arnold flashed him an annoyed look for speaking out of turn but he didn't regret it. Stevens was the last person who would try and subvert the law just to protect the powerful and wealthy, but the country owed Major Rogers a great debt. The least of which was the benefit of doubt. Major Rogers would never desert his duty. He was many things, but he was not a coward.
Tony hadn’t misheard Stefen’s request the other day. He’d had no intention of going along with the harebrained idea, thank you very much. Stefen and Bucky were out of their god given minds if they thought James had any business handling a gun, and Ian wouldn't hurt a fly. Take seven children gallivanting about the woods with dangerous weaponry, ha!
James hadn’t thought that uncle Bucky would leave with the rest of them and even telling him that Bucky would be coming back soon didn’t make him feel better about it. Ian couldn’t blame him for being disappointed. Something wasn’t right about Bucky leaving so suddenly right when they wanted him there the most.
“Tony.” He heard called from somewhere close behind him, the captain’s smooth voice unmistakable even though it was low and the room full of noise and Tony felt the hairs on the back of his neck rise. He turned, finding Stefen not two strides away, in a pair of unassuming slacks held up by suspenders and a plain white shirt. He didn’t look at all like an important military man now, little besides his height separating him from any other working man on the street. Not that Tony was complaining. No far from it.
“Fine.” Steve snapped. It was looking like a fine day if his patience was already this thin. “Just be quick about it.”
Steve swerved to avoid the crumpled body lying in the path. Some of the men were beginning to drop. Hearts couldn’t take it.
It was not his intended strategy to take Artur with him. Something about confronting Tony in front of the children (even just one of them) seemed too manipulative. Tony cared deeply for them and Artur’s presence might prompt Tony to lie and Steve needed the truth from him. The truth because without it he had no other choice but to remove him from his family.
He’d said he’d never beg again after his father had turned him and Bucky out to starve. It still boggled the mind, how anyone could turn away their own flesh and blood.
It is not entirely true that women are exclusively ruled by their emotions, and it is to be hoped that no officer, when selecting a woman for training as an agent, will choose the type of woman whose makeup is overemotional. On the other hand, the emotional makeup of a properly balanced woman can very often be utilised in investigation; and it is a fact that woman's intuition is a direct result of her rather complex emotions. That a woman's intuition is sometimes amazingly helpful and amazingly correct has been well established, and, given the right guiding hand, this ability can at times save an Intelligence Officer an enormous amount of trouble.
Natacha blinked slowly, possibly still hoping to think of a way to avoid snitching on her brother before she nodded.
Music floated to them on the wind and Steve pushed back the wave of despondent anger threatening to overwhelm him. They were passing through the square now.  But instead of the usual sight of families of refugees camped together in misery, a crowd had gathered around the fountain. It was their voices raised in song. Their hands playing music and their bodies dancing despite the cold. Many were holding candles, Steve realized watching a woman with a basket of thin little candles passing them around to those without. They weren’t alone either. There were lights dancing in many of the windows of the surrounding houses and apartments, the dark pushed away by candles burning brightly from candelabras. Gone was the scent of death that always plagued his nose here, replaced by the fresh scent of snow and sweet notes of sugar and cinnamon.
Bucky winced gearing up to say something when Péter fixed his little brother with a sneer and said, “Yes well, he only said that to make us leave him alone. That’s all he really wants.”
“No I’m not.” Péter insisted right back, becoming frustrated. They were certainly all awake now staring between him and Péter with nervous expressions. The dark haired boy was frowning intensely at Tony as he grabbed the open journal on his desk and began to scribble out the equation. “Apples come in crates of ten, there are four crates per delivery so that’s forty. Deliveries occur twice a week so that’s eighty apples a week. There are approximately four weeks in a month, plus the two we started with. Three hundred-twenty two. See?”
Ssgt. Zimmerman was a compact little man with a boy’s face that did not match its serious expression. His round glasses glinted, giving him the appearance of having solar caps for eyes.
The voices sounded like they were getting close to the stairs now. Tony ran and grabbed a couple more books from the trunk and dashed to the door with them tucked under his arm. He shut the door behind himself as quietly as he could, twisting the key in the lock and depositing it in his pocket. He’d only made it halfway down the stairs before a uniformed officer came into view. He was accompanied by Herr Hammer, who was telling him that this part of the house was little used and primarily for storage.
laws. There was a tension in the air only augmented by the still fresh appearance of Nazi flags and paraphernalia hanging from every ledge and window.
“Herr Stark?” Péter’s uncertain voice came through the thick door and Tony felt a stab of pain, the origins of which he could neither place nor properly define. The annoyance of having his solitude interrupted intermingled with the pressing memory of Péter’s stricken expression as he’d abandoned the boy in the hall.
“I’d say you’re full of shit.” Bucky countered with a snort, his Polish far better than the English they used a lot within the network.
’ he thought, with a hollow pang in his chest. It was followed by a familiar flash of guilt for standing in the place of whatever Jew would have stood there if not for him and his family; but it fell down into the pit where all his emotions rested, growing cold. Steve turned back to the railing and looked down at the floor below.
“Upstairs. I’ll come get you if it’s safe.” Stefen ordered, eyes trained on the door and his tone leaving absolutely no room for argument. For once Tony didn’t feel like giving him one. He turned and left, praying that it really was just Harold, and that the nightmare of the last twenty-four hours was nearly over.
“Christ, be careful!” He barked and Bucky turned to him, jabbing a blunt finger painfully into his chest.
"What do you think Buck, rabbit stew?" Tony was surprised to hear Stefen offer. He couldn’t resist turning slightly to look back at the captain with a raised brow.
"It's Saturday." Stefen pointed out, undeterred and Péter chewed vigorously and swallowed before answering.
The oldest girl Natacha and then Ian, and then Archer and the others joined in until the sound of their voices had filled the car.
Ian marched himself back into line and the next one stepped forward proclaiming to be called Artur with an innocent expression and an air of friendliness that would have admittedly suckered Tony had he not the advantage of an eidetic memory.
The bed where Stefen lay, surrounded by soiled sheets and heavy blankets – his skin waxy and dull, was whiter than the sheets he lay on. Despite the sweltering heat within the room and the thick layer of sweat beading on his brow, he shivered as if cold, muscles twitching spasmodically every few moments just before his chest seized with violent coughs.
Instead of dignifying Bucky’s disgusting threat with a response, Tony pushed Stefen’s sweaty bangs out of his face and bent close, asking quietly, “Ready?”
“I hope…” his father began, a hand gently tipped Ian’s chin back up and Ian blinked back the pressure behind his eyes. Men didn’t cry.
“You’re soft here. Not skin and bones. I like that.” Stefen rumbled in reply, caressing the cheek of his ass once more and Tony smiled into his neck, his heart swelled with near unbearable tenderness.
The others seem highly amused by this, and it’s easy to see that this has been a source of much teasing over the years. Despite the rumors about him, James takes the ribbing gracefully with little more than a grumble.
Tony slowly approached the bed, giving her ample time to protest. But when Tony cleared his throat and the boys pulled back, releasing their father just enough for him to sit up again and reach for her, she leased her death grip and Tony lowered her into Stefen’s waiting arms.
Steve’s eyes scanned the entirety of the mezzanine, but no one appeared to be paying them any attention. Their travel papers said that they were from Poland, and they matched those of the group they were traveling with. The delegation tried to send groups from the same region together. It struck Steve as a particularly thoughtful gesture. They were off to strange new worlds, but they would build community together, united by thier language and their struggle. ‘
“- No, when do they play in the garden, with each other, alone, when do they...you know, do childish things?”
“Steve, if you choose this fight, then I’m with you come hell or high water.” Tony ignored the ache to touch him, guessing that in this state it wouldn’t be welcomed. Instead he held Stefen’s gaze, encouraged by the way the captain’s eyes drank him in, the fire of rage slowly bleeding out of them as he hung on every softly spoken word that Tony uttered.
They did not linger long at the neighboring lodge. Tony was tempted to accept the farmers offer of a bed for the night and a ride in his wagon come morning, but something about the way the man’s eyes lingered on him and Ian’s nervousness made Tony think it was a bad idea. Despite the warmth of the house and the strain he’d obviously put himself through getting there Ian seemed as anxious to leave as Tony was.
“Let them go with friends their own age, Stefen,” she said softly. It was meant to sound cajoling, teasing her overprotective fiancé but it fell flat. The smile didn’t reach her eyes but she continued, to his horror, addressing the other children.
“God.” Steve released the breath he’d been holding harshly, turning his hand to grip Tony’s. “Tony you could have…”
The old saying hung heavily between them, bittersweet and perfect, and Steve thought that he couldn’t have loved Bucky more than he did, sitting in the middle of that dusty bar drinking cheap liquor and breathing in his smoke. Bucky turned and blew smoke in his face like the over grown child that he was, grinning with boyish delight at Steve’s grimace. Steve grumbled playfully, with the heavy swell off affection filling his chest and shoved the man’s face away.
Oh well, Tony huffed as he continued to push his hard won spoils across the cobbled street with considerable strain on his muscles. There was nothing to do about it now. Father Niklas would be furious; but Tony couldn’t remember a time when Niklas hadn’t been furious with him for one thing or another. Why change things now?
"You did fine." Stefen spared her a momentary glance and a stiff smile.  His expression had darkened, a repressed sort of violence in the way he crumpled the paper in his hand. Whatever the message had been left, it was not good news.
Four days passed without word and Clinton had not returned to the Villa since the Munich agreement had been announced. Within days the German army had invaded the border lands of Czechoslovakia. The reports they listened to claimed Czech resistance in the Sudetenland made it necessary to subdue the whole republic.  Predictably, none of the other European powers wanted to risk their increasingly fragile peace agreement and not a thing was done to answer the nation’s cries for help. Without aide either from France or Britain, and her military bases now under German occupation it was certain that the Czech Republic would fall within the year. Just like that, Czechoslovakia would be gone.
“You thought because I blew up a building and killed a bunch of Nazis, that I’d be thrilled to let you come in here and risk all our lives?” Tony snarled, not bothering to deny or question how Coulson knew. He took a menacing step forward and Stefen’s hand shot out to grip his arm, halting him in his tracks.
“It’s ambitious,” Steve summarized, straightening up as he drummed his fingers against the top of the desk. “I can see why Hasenkamp is worried. There isn’t enough man power for this.”
What had he missed? His frantic mind tried to piece it together, tried to figure out why Tony was so terrible upset and how to make it better, but he couldn’t think past the loud buzz of panic in his brain and the taunting memory of that old man’s cries and the sight of his bloodied face.
He had no idea what sort of danger Steve had saved the twins from, what sort of danger they were all in now that Stark had recklessly revealed them to the entire household!
There was a prisoner lying here in their goat pen with dark brown stains around his mouth and fingers. He’d been eating the goat's food.
She turned back toward her mirror so she could take a deep breath in peace, hidden from his gaze as she reached for her powder to begin retouching her face. She felt steadier by the time she'd finished.
Natacha wanted to groan, but she didn’t. Sophie and Ingrid both looked over their shoulders towards the steps of the Cinema, where their chapter had come together for the evening to see a film about ethnic cleansing. Their eyes widened and they giggled like a pair of fools as they turned and whispered, as if Natacha didn’t have two perfectly working ears of her own.
"As I've reminded you and Stefen both, what seems like dozens of times, I have an excellent talent for recall."
“Vati!” Artur squealed, so excited to see that father had returned that he dropped the jar. Ian made a lung for it but couldn’t catch it in time, but thankfully it landed with a soft thump in the grass none the the worse for wear. Artur plowed ahead and threw himself at father, James scuttling not far behind. Ian followed much slower, his stomach doing funny flips unable to shake the feeling of dread he had.
“A love match then?” Tony inquired, though he could summarize as much what with seven children running about. Indeed Pepper gave him a droll look as she replied.
Slang for the drug Pervitin, which was the early version of what we know today as crystal meth. * The Germans gave it to soldiers for its ability to keep them alert for days and lower their ability to feel pain. The side effects were many because meth.
Tony breathed a small sigh of relief at that. It was safer for them all to not to leave together, but there had been a cold pit of fear in his stomach from the moment he had realized he would have to send Stefen and the children on their own, with no way of knowing how they would fare until it was too late to do anything about it. It didn’t go away knowing that they had boarded their train without hassle. Anything could happen along the way and Tony wouldn’t be there, but he reminded himself not to think that way (for the hundredth time) and resolved himself to the undignified task of shimmying out of his hastily donned disguise and into something a little less conspicuous.
Because Sam was wrong about one thing. This was still home and a home was something to be defended. Steve would have to save it, and if he couldn't, well then, he'd have to avenge it.
Bucky put one hand on Artur’s head, the other on James and stared down at them both, his gaze intense as his eyes roved over their faces as if to burn them into his memory.
It was making the hair stand on the back of his neck. The housekeeper could stay if she liked, but Dvorak could not stand to watch another second.  He turned and slipped into the hall.
“The children will be looked after. Holmes will find safe houses for them, and that’s a better option for them than sticking with us Tony. You know it is.” The captain insisted stubbornly from where he sat. He had his head in his hands. At first glance, he looked merely contemplative, but the way his elbows dug into his trousers betrayed his exhaustion.
“I felt like such an outsider, so alone while this man I barely knew droned on about forgiveness and piety.” The monk continued as if Steve hadn't spoken. “It was several years before I understood what he meant by it.”
Tony nodded to show that he understood, and continued to rock the sobbing boy in his arms. Stefen looked as if he wanted to say more, but after a moment he just clenched his jaw, laying a hand briefly upon Tony’s shoulder before he moved past them.
Péter’s mouth fell open slightly but he quickly closed it. He shifted uncomfortably, glancing at her speculatively out of the corner of his eye.  He wondered how she’d been able to tell he hadn’t just been watching the fireworks in the dark.
He frowned, stopping to look at Tony, eye’s combing over him carefully as if searching for the piece that would put it all together and Tony flinched, unable to keep looking at him.
“Chanuka...” Tony sounded choked up. Steve looked and saw a suspicious sheen in his eyes. “It’s the first night.”
Steve’s eyes narrowed on the man, irritation stabbing at him. It rankled, that even though Steve was the higher rank Khalmmer being SS gave him special privilege over the regular army grunts.
Steve looked up from his sketch of private Johans and Parodi bent over cards, light shining off of their sweaty skin.
“Smettila! Stop it right now!” Tony barked in a frantic mix of German and Italian, his ears ringing loudly with the sounds of the children’s cries and Yinsen’s shrieks of pain. He felt ill, overcome with a sense of vertigo as he struggled to hold onto the boy’s writhing form. The boy lashed out with his feet, kicking Tony solidly in the shins and Tony cursed, his grip loosening just enough for Artur to slip from his hold; but it was not Maria he ran towards but the water.
Steve glared at the floor but didn’t waste energy trying to look up at Bucky. There was a knock on the door but Steve ignored that too, all of his attention focused on completing the task at hand.
“Charlotte,” he said her name with an unbearable quiet. A sort of tired gentleness better reserved for someone adored, and not the woman he’d used as a shield at every expense to herself. Her breath caught in her chest as he drew closer and loomed over her chair. Her hands shook.
Péter looked uncertain for a moment but a moment later her shook his head, a scowl setting on his lips.
In fairness, Steve had been in a better mood all around now that he was back in his own home, and had all seven of his children together again. Maria and Sara could have cheated an Emperor out of his gold with how sweetly they begged, and Steve was so happy to have Péter home again he’d have given the boy the shirt off his back.
and he’d lost his boy. The damn height just rubbed it all in. It hadn’t happened in a blink, but it had happened just as Tony had always warned it would.
"No one can escape God's justice," he said, meeting the man's steely grey gaze. He hoped to God he sounded as pious as he was sure the real Cardinal Rossi must. "Not even men like us."
There in the dream, Tony knew exactly what to do. How to touch. How to pull Steve outside of himself until he was just a shaking mess, empty of all thought accept for the need of more. Tony’s not afraid. Tony will take care of him. Tony would -
“- surely did not intend for me to spend the rest of my days here without a chance to visit with friends. Sounds barbaric. What would my dear friends at the abbey think?”
All eleven of them including Charlotte, trudged out into the snow to see the staff on their way to their own homes, loaded down with gifts from the household. While everyone else said their goodbyes, Bucky started an argument with Tony over what supplies they'd need to bring back the tree. Bucky and Péter had fetched ropes and axes, and Tony was insisting on bringing a mountain of burlap along because apparently it was easier to drag something on a blanket.
Since first sight of the city Sam had become strangely talkative for a man who had stayed up into the early hours drinking with the staff. Despite his familiarity with the city Sam gave Steve the gran tour, as if these weren’t streets he’d walked a million times. The words seemed to trickle from him without stop, the pained pause coming every now and then when the automobile gave a particularly harsh rattle, the indication of a headache.
"I'm glad to be able to tell you it has been decided that you will be given into the care of your mother's kin, the Countess VonSchrader, and returned promptly to your programs within the BDM and HJ." Péter looked to Natacha with excitement and relief, because they weren't to be separated after all, but Natacha wouldn't look away from Frauline Werner who was watching their mixed reactions with consideration.
“Probably your Pa come looking,” Dagmar mused aloud as he shuffled toward the door, giving Ian another odd look. Ian stayed tense, because who else could it have been but Edwin's father come looking for him, if Edwin were real?  But Ian Rogers did not have a father looking for him. Ian Rogers was alone and scared with strangers who looked at him funny and only decided not to hurt him because something on his body told them he wasn’t Jewish. But Dagmar thought he looked familiar. Ian was terrified to find out what would happen if he put together why.
“I suspect I’ll get what I imagined soon enough.” Dvorak responded ruefully. Maybe far sooner than he’d like.
“How is the General?” she asked with genuine concern and Steve smiled, taking his eyes briefly off the road to meet her gaze.
“Stefen!” Bucky’s voice snapped him out of the fog and Steve blinked at him, glancing down and startled to find Bucky’s hand gripping his shoulder. “Breathe, will you? It’s alright. Sam’s fine. You want to know why? ‘Cause you’re fucking paranoid. Some guy staring at you at a station could mean anything.”
The big clock in the sitting room seemed to tick louder and Bucky glanced up to read the time with a scowl.
Because he was dangerous, a small voice whispered in Natacha's mind. He was an enemy. He had secrets.
Tony curled the hand against Stefen's chest and turned his head to ask once more, "How many men do you need?"
But when Hitler returned from Munich with his brand new war on his pocket it would be to a light guard. With the leaders in his army turned against him and his private police too far to help him, Steve was confident that with a force of seventy-five fighting fit he could take the chancellery and take the Führer into custody.
The night wore on. Steve found himself drifting after a time, his hand finding his pocket where the pouch full of beads rested.
“I have plenty. Besides, I get to go every year and see the real thing. I left room see, so this way you can bring me back pictures of Austria.”
“What song is that, that you are playing?” One of the prisoners asked from a few cots down, pale eyes staring out at Steve from a face, offputtingly puffy over skin and bones, and Steve glanced up, fingers freezing mid tap.
“I remember it as fun. I never minded having an extra day of Chanukah.” Grig commented lightly and Tony snarled at him, “Try having none!”
“So your father was the best, but I thought you were a monk… so how do you know you are?” James countered and normally Tony would take all sorts of offense to that (and his smile did go a bit brittle around the edges he had to admit) but he couldn’t deny the open curiosity in James voice, and he didn’t want to ruin what progress he’d made by snapping at the boy and taking out all his issues on him.
Tony swallowed back whatever it was he was going to say. He was angry true enough but he knew that most of his resistance was based on fear. Whatever else St. Péter’s was, the abbey had been his only home for more than half his life. And he wasn’t blind or stupid. He was well aware of the danger to him out there in the world. It was perhaps the only real reason he had put up with the whole charade. In here the monks might despair of him and grumble beneath their breath but at least he had a guaranteed place. Out there he didn’t mean anything to anybody except dirty blood. He was something to be wiped away and they’d do it gladly if they knew.
And Tony couldn’t help it. He moved to step in front of Stefen because Bucky looked serious. He looked half crazy, like a wounded dog backed into a corner snarling and snapping at anyone who got too close, and Tony would always put himself in front of Stefen and danger.
"Why aren't the lights on?" Péter asked, voice climbing high with worry and Tony knew that he'd picked up the same sense of foreboding.
“Why didn’t you tell me you knew Vonkov?” he whispered fiercely, trying to keep the tension off his face as the crowd continued to move past them, some watching them openly.
Stefen shrugged into it with a small huff of annoyance and Tony wished he knew whether he was helping or hindering Stefen with his touch. He didn’t react negatively to it anymore, but Tony couldn’t say that was improvement when Stefen didn’t react to much at all. Even pain barely got a response from him. Just look at him out here without so much as a coat, working himself into a sweat!
Tires. Windows. The plates above their gas tanks. Anything that would slow them down and give Steve time to get away. The men had stopped, their focus on Dvorak and protecting their general, but even from here Bucky could hear Schmidt screaming for them to pursue the prisoner.
“They have horns on top of their head that can puncture your organs” Artur cheerfully supplied, as if the prospect of being gutted by a mountain goat was something wonderous and not fuel for Tony’s nightmares. “It was in my zoology book.”
“Eat up,” he announced into the silence, dabbing at the corners of his mouth with his napkin. The children turned to stare at him, waiting.
They waited four more days before sending for the children, because while there was a chance of his recovery taking a turn no one wanted the children to be subject to watching. When they were as reasonably sure as they could be that his health would continue to improve Charlotte sent word to her mother in Vienna to make arrangements for them to return on the train. It surprised everyone, most of all Charlotte, when the Countess wrote back that she planned to drive down with the children herself.
He wasn’t sure what he was hoping to hear but he was pretty sure he’d know it when he heard it. It had meant everything to Steve, keeping the kids out of society as it had crumbled around them. It would kill them both, to watch them get plugged into the Nazi machine… to lose them.
There was lots of giggling and splashing as they acquainted themselves with steering the small crafts, Tony shouting out instructions over the ruckus as Pepper and Harrold waved from the dock and generally laughed at the ridiculous picture they all must have made.
It was drawing close to curfew but there were still surprisingly few people out he noted.  Those that were moved with a sense of urgency, hurrying to conclude their business and get off the streets. Something had happened. With a sense of dread, he felt the hair on the back of his neck stand on end.
A dark cloud drifted over him as Charlotte’s face drifted up in his mind. He wondered how she would fit for a moment, before he was forced to accept the fact that she wouldn’t.
The grin that split Tony's features was just a bit vicious as shock shot through Stefen like a bullet, a wave of tumultuous emotions twisting over his face before instinct kicked in and he grabbed Tony's lapels, one fist raised with the threat of violence. And perhaps it was crazy, but Tony had never felt so vindicated or so recklessly wonderfully alive as he did, reaching up to grasp Captain Rogers by the jaw and yanking his mouth down over his.
“I think we all gathered it wasn’t Major Rogers you were attempting to offend.” Tony muttered reaching with one hand to grasp Steve and urge him back into his seat. Steve headed the gentle tug and sat, conceding to the wisdom in its insistence, but he didn’t fail to notice that same hand once more reaching for the glass of wine above Tony’s plate. Steve glared at the cup as Tony raised it to his lips once more and took a deep bracing swallow.  He needed to slow down.
And while Tony knew she was seizing the distraction that had presented itself, he also knew how to bide his time.
“Captain Rogers?” the voice on the other end of the line was unfamiliar. Steve waited until the door had shut behind Tony and he heard the sound of his footsteps retreating from the door before he answered.
"It's poison!" Tony snapped in reply, barely resisting the urge to kick the back of the driver's seat. It was not Hogan’s fault modern science's discovery of arsenics highly lethal toxicity hadn't quite trickled down to the mass market. The stuff was in more household products than Tony cared to think about at the moment, and manufacturers were notoriously slow to let go of good materials, even when they proved dangerous.
Péter bit his lip, clearly torn, but when he looked around at his brothers and saw his own yearning echoed on their faces she stiffened up his shoulders and nodded.
"It won't take us long to get there."  Bucky broke the stiff silence after ten minutes or so, when the city finally gave way to hills and country roads. " You remember the plan?"
They spent the interim ‘recapturing their youth’ as Bucky put it, moving from one coffeehouse to the next, one smoke club to another. Bucky seemed to take it upon himself to introduce Steve to every singer, dancer, and socialite he knew, and Steve was sure he made a complete fool of himself not knowing what to say or where to look when Bucky’s pretty birds were fawning all over him.
The others followed him without further complaint but Péter could feel their eyes on him as they cycled through town.
“Do you know what I think Tony?” Agent Neuman asked, and he didn’t wait for Tony to give any sort of indication that he’d heard before going on. “I think you’re a loyal child of our fair Reich. I think you want nothing more than to be of service to your country, and your people, by accepting the commission being offered to you and providing us with your undoubtable expertise.”
A loud clatter pulled Tony’s attention away from the children, drew his eyes to across the square where an old man was standing in front of a store front with a tin bucket resting at his feet, water soaking one pant leg.
“The radio we built. I’ve passed messages before, at select times, presumably when it was least likely to be picked up by the Germans. If we do this, we won’t have that assurance.”
“No reason good enough, Stefen.” He took a step back, gaining some much-needed distance. He wouldn’t be swayed. Not this time.
“You don’t have-” he began to say, but Tony interrupted the tired flow of words with a gentle squeeze murmuring, “Shut up, darling,” as he closed his eyes. If anyone came looking for him, he’d just tell them he’d gotten sidetracked cleaning up after supper. Bucky, Charlotte and Tony had taken to eating in the captain’s room, half to keep him company and half to keep an eye on him while he was still having the occasional seizure. The remains of supper were still spilled out over the desk. He could easily say he’d been clearing it away when Stefen had needed a hand.
He was so warm in Steve’s arms his body heat seeping through his clothes and warming the chill Steve hadn’t been able to shake even though they’d been indoors for hours. His hands were so strong, his grip fierce as his hands came up to hold Steve’s face and pull him close.
Tony had cried in front of him for the first time, tears flowing freely, ugly and unstoppable. Bruce had sat with one hand on Tony’s back and eventually he’d started to murmur a tune: a little ditty he’d most likely heard from one of the woman who came for food.
“He’s not a vagrant.” Natasha interjected quietly, sounding droll as ever. Tony was surprised to hear her speak up at all. Tossing one long red braid over her shoulder, she reached for one of the cakes and finished with a dainty little shrug that had Tony gawping both at the daintiness and the words themselves, “He’s a monk.”
Steve jerked, his body caught between flight of fight. It was Captain Khalmmer stood in the doorway. Of course. Damn, but Steve couldn't seem to be rid of the man. His throat closed, the dark thought crossing his mind that he wasn’t going to be able to escape any of them, outside of death.
The other children had wanted to spend the day at the Park but Steve and Bucky only had a short window of time to organize their mission and could not afford to waist the rest of the day. Still, he’d hated to disappoint them. He’d almost been glad when Thor’s invitation to join him at the opera that night had come it was a chance to ask the Prince for one more dangerous favor as well as please his children. He’d still had to agree to take them to the park another day (because they were no fools and nothing if not opportunistic) but when they’d left that morning for a trip to the Albertina museum for an art lesson they’d been in good spirits so Steve counted it as a win.
Charlotte watched as Stefen, standing in the front hall in the center of a circle of children, traded hugs and kisses with the youngest girl Sara for a moment more, before moving her eyes to where Herr Stark was standing watching on, expression so deeply fond it took her back for a moment.
, and getting on the first boat out of Austria he could. There was just one more thing he needed to know.
But Stefen stopped, concerned by the sudden sound of choking coming from Péter who had turned red in the face and was coughing harshly into his hands, Natacha frowning at him as she patted his back to try and knock loose the food that had gotten lodged in his throat.
Harold was quick to step forward and assist the woman with her door, his expression more somber than Tony had ever seen it. He decided he didn’t like it. He much preferred Hogan’s usual jovial attitude and easy nature.
“They are.” Rogers answered simply, as if it cost him nothing to say so. As if it made no difference for the pride of Austria to stand before a man like Weiss and say with such sincere fondness, “I hardly know what I’m going to do without him.”
Yes, Niklas thought to himself that was definitely pressure building behind his eyes- sure signs of his imminent death.
Something had changed in Stefen. That was clear. He could not be certain what had brought it about but it was clear that it had, and that there would be no going back from here.
“How exactly did you tear it?” Steve barked in question. Frau Carboni shot him a nervous glance and Tony took a step closer, a staying hand reaching for him.
He felt drained and heavy hearted. Devastated at finding them only to know he would inevitably lose them all over again. It made his stomach curdle.
“The Carboni’s are Jews. Old family. They owned the port before Austria took Pola.” Kirk dropped. “But it’s a common enough name in those parts. The Starks got married in the church far as I know, and for that you got to be catholic. And you sure as hell don’t meet many Jewish monks.”
“You don't ever think about anyone else! You're so selfish!” he hollered and to Ian’s dismay, hot stinging tears were pooling in his eyes. He wiped the away furiously frustration with himself, stringing his insides taught.
“It’s alright…” Stefen responded quietly, and then after a moment he admitted, “You’re actually not the first person who has said something like that to me.”
"My Ma used to tell your Da and I this story. A boy and his friend were throwing knives in the forest and they disturbed a hive of bees, so they had to run for their lives. His friend was faster than the boy, but he didn't know the woods as well." Bucky returned to rubbing her back as he started the story, his voice low and deep within the empty dining room and Natacha stilled in his arms, listening intently. "Though it looked like the trees went on forever in all directions, the boy knew that in the east the land dropped off to the sea. He knew the cliff was there and that his friend would die if he fell from such a height; but he was too far ahead to catch and too panicked to hear any of the warnings the boy shouted. You know what he did?"
“Giesela Keats, Champion runner? I could run circles around her.” She said proudly looking up at Péter expectantly.
There wasn't much Tony could do about the fool in love part of it now, but in the interest of not dying any earlier than he could help, he’d had to say goodbye to his beloved beard. It was too meticulously grown, not to mention salacious in composition, to ever be mistaken for an Austrian style. And certainly not a German one either.
He shifted Sara gently and scooped up Maria who was grasping his knees, sandwiched between her siblings. She was trembling, dirt stained tracks running down her face.
He did not take his eyes away from Tony’s, not because he wasn’t scared, not because he didn’t want to; but because he felt that if he looked away something terrible would happen.
Péter's eyes flew to Tony who was over on the piano bench with Maria, his stomach churning furiously with a sick feeling. Somehow, despite everything, it had never occurred to him that Tony wouldn't always be there, that he might leave or be taken away. Péter had no idea what they'd do if that happened. He knew Natacha was right, and that they should start thinking for themselves. He even knew that it was what Tony would want him to do, but Péter could admit to himself he was terrified of the thought. Of being the one who was responsible of keeping them alive if he of took his siblings into the woods. He was so scared, and for the first time in a very long time, he just wanted his father.
The long square table in its center was framed by a breathtaking set of windows and glass doors leading out onto the first of two private balconies (the second could be found outside the master bedroom) which provided a stunning view of the city.  As if that weren’t worth the small fortune Stefen must have paid for their lodgings the suite also came with a small private study and a bathroom with  a tub so large that Tony was nearly certain even a man of Stefen’s size would have no trouble sinking comfortably.
With a click of his jaw Steve nodded jerkily at Dr. Ehrhandt who had fixed him with a curious expression. Her face was plain and unassuming, dark rimmed glasses and short hair made her look like she was just entering university instead of someone heading a research team.
“Even then.” Stefen answered, firmness in each syllable. “And like the mother in that story, I’d be proud to have children who were kind and brave and stood up against cruelty.”
Having realized this Tony knew something must be done but he was equally sure it must be done careful. The Rogers were as prideful as they were stubborn and if he embarrassed the boy he’d just dig his heels in and that would be the end of it.
It was simple thanks, but nothing about the look in Stefen’s eyes was simple. The whole world was in his gaze and Tony felt something shift within himself that he didn’t dare name.
The streetcar rattled down the cobblestone road, heedless of the stones made slick with ice. A dense mixture of rain mixed with thick flakes of snow pebbled against Henrick Dvorak’s window.  The major pursed his lips against the irritated growl that had been fighting to get out since he'd slid into the government issued Royce earlier that morning. His irritation mostly stemmed from the fact that he was an officer and not an errand boy - for Christ sake! But his mornings orders had come straight from the SS office - pushed by Himmler himself.
Bucky turned in and drove around the back, facing the forest and the mountain, as best he could without getting the truck stuck, snow crunching underneath the tires in protest. He turned off the engine part way there, letting the car roll to its natural stop, his gaze fixed intently on the dark structure of the cabin looming above them. He held a finger to his lips in silent instruction and Tony nodded, turning to give Péter the same signal, who was staring back at them both with wide eyes his face pale in the moonlight. Tony turned and reached for the pistol stashed in the glove compartment and slipped out of the truck, shutting the door quietly behind them.
Stevie said it wasn't magic, but that was Stefen, always thumbing his nose at the old ways; but as Bucky swallowed the bitter drink - the tomatoes seasoned with pepper until the heat slapped you in the face - he thought there were few things in the world as magical as the Rogers women. The drink burned all the way down.
Flushed with shame and swallowing the sudden urge he had to burst into tears like a useless baby, Péter bit out through his clenched teeth, “He was just a Jew.”
"Put the bread in the oven? Why yes I did." She'd turned to Tony then and grumbled with a good natured wink, "It's a wonder I remembered how to wipe my own ass this morning, the way this one carries on."
"I realized that I cared more about the children than any of the reasons I had for coming here, foolish as that may be." Tony admitted wearily.
“No we don’t, but that never mattered to us or any of the others. We were family. Bucky he’s my brother. Blood doesn’t matter.”
They had called it a night when Steve had knocked over the bottle. There hadn’t been much left in it but Virginia and Harold, who had joined them some time after Virginia had, had finally suggested the two of them turn in.
Her wild wide eyes met his for a moment, searching him with a penetrating stare that made him feel as if she could peel back the layers of his skin and see right inside his head before slowly nodding.
Everywhere he turned there were people rushing through the streets, screaming in fear and even more screaming in anger. He could hardly tell who was attacking and who was running away from the attack in the chaos.
"Father, don't you like your fish?" Ian asked with concern and Steve mustered up a smile and took another bite of the Pike that Willlamina had prepared.
She would make sure everything was taken care of. She’d thought she’d been doing a good job of it too until he’d gone away so long, only to come back different, changed somehow, and saying things he shouldn’t say.
“Do not talk about my wife Stark!” Stefen snarled, closing the remaining distance between them to loom over him threateningly but Tony stood his ground.
So you see, he was deep in thought when Natacha suddenly appeared at his elbow and hummed deeply in disapproval.
Steve sucked gently on it, shivering as the small chip cracked and melted in the heat of his mouth flooding it with a cool sensation. The contrast was enjoyable, addictive in a strange way. He closed his eyes and pulled another chip over his tongue and sucked on it greedily, savoring the frigid chill as Khalmmer and the dangers in the other room fading to the background.
“Stefen ordered you to take care of me, didn’t he?” Tony finally just asked, because he wasn’t naive, and he wasn’t about to put up with Bucky coddling him on Stefen’s orders – especially when he himself was injured and needed the rest far more than Tony did.
"That's Striker’s man. It's me he wants." Tony jumped at the sound of Stefen’s voice, and the captain grabbed his collar, spinning him away from the window with a harsh tug. "Look at me Tony. Stay with the children. Whatever happens."
“You never met your grandfather and I’ll tell you something, It’s a good thing.” He began after a moment, choosing his words with care. “Smooth talking
Tony blanched again as the accusing words landed between them. He couldn’t hide that, not with how close their faces were. Kissing distance, some hysterical little voice in his head kept saying. Or biting. Tony’s golden eyes narrowed, the glitter of rage burning brightly back at him as he found fuel in his own anger. He looked like he’d bite Steve if he even tried it. Strangely that realization just made the urge stronger.
It didn’t surprise him that Tony came running when he heard the glass shatter. He was just grateful Stark had the presence of mind to keep the children from following him when he came. Steve sat back on the bed and stared at his bleeding hand dispassionately. He was contemplating how much blood he would have lost if Bucky really had been shot through the head. He’s seen that kind of thing enough he could probably judge it pretty close.
Damn it! He had to. He wasn’t sure what would happen if he couldn’t force himself to say what he needed to say and make Tony understand. It was not his wish to die. If he had his wish, he’d be with Tony and the children forever.
Bucky turned away from him, glowering out the opposite window. Steve let him. He could muster up no fear or offense at the harsh words because the simple fact was Bucky was right, and Steve knew that even so Bucky would be behind him the entire way.
“Perhaps not, but Péter could do a better job.” Steve pointed out, his mouth tightening with displeasure. Tony released his arm for decency’s sake and Steve ignored how cold the limb felt for his absence. Péter never should have allowed the others to go to the woods in the first place, let alone lose track of his sister. “Don’t give me that look Tony, he’s a man now. He needs to take responsibility.” Steve would make sure he understood what that meant. No more games.
"Yes." Herr stark replied politely but he offered nothing further. Charlotte got the distinct impression that he was bothered by her, a similar one she’d taken from all their other interactions few as they were. That was fine. She only needed his compliance, not his friendship.
“It's too hot, vati.” Artur leaned into the arm Steve had rested on the brim of the tub, looking up with tired miserable eyes.
Peter thought he saw something shadowed pass over Tony’s expression at the question. His tutor nodded in reply and said with a sobering amount of gravity.
He was paying much more attention to the pastry on his plate than his grandmother but he looked up when Tony entered, wide eyes taking in Tony’s scuffed-up trunk so at odds with the expensive suit he wore with curiosity.
“He’s not bluffing. Admiral, Mr. Holmes, I have seen what both the metal and the explosive are capable of. A single bomb, the size of a hand grenade, took out an entire wing of the facility. He built that in my home, next to where my children slept and played, because he trusted the metal would hold up to it if it went off.” Tony winced as Stefen barreled on. “If the German’s have that power at their disposal, we aren’t going to win this war. At least not on the water, and you can bet they’ll hit us with the same cocktail from the air. A lot of people are going to die if you don’t listen to him.”
The window across from him was cracked to let in the afternoon breeze. A bird squawked somewhere in a tree, the sound of panicked flaps filtering through the window. He could hear Herr Hogan clunking around underneath the family car as sounds drifted over from the garage. If he strained his ears enough he could even hear Pepper’s heels in the hallway as she paused to speak to one of the staff.
"Is everybody alright?" Erik asked through a harshly panted breath. He must not be too terribly injured then Tony thought, gratefully. He was the first to risk siting all the way up and looking back at the road. Nobody shot at him and when Tony was far enough up to see why, he nearly sagged in relief.
things, Herr Stark?” Ian’s brow was not the only one burrowed in confusion. Artur’s eyes were wide with uncertainty, his fingers creeping towards his mouth as he glanced nervously between his siblings.
The food was tasteless in his mouth and under so many watchful eyes it felt like lumps of wet clay landing in his belly, an unpleasant sensation that he was fearful would result in a desperate need to be ill if he continued.
By the time Tony had made himself presentable (dressed, teeth hastily brushed and face washed) and hurried his way to the front of the house to join Frau Hogan and the children on the steps, the chauffer had already brought the car around and was loading Herr Wiess’ luggage on top of the captain’s.
There was another crash, followed by a surge of cheers from the mob. A wave of boys in brown shirts swinging batons, grimy faces distorted in the light, poured out from the apartment building like a plague of locusts to surround them.
Is that him? Stark’s son? I didn’t know he had a son. Oh yes, I heard he’s mad and that old Hughard sent him to an institution. If he can build like his father he can be as mad as he likes.
“God, have mercy.” Willamina shuddered, swaying on her feet. Hortense quickly pulled out another chair from the table and guided the woman into it before she could fall into it.
"No! Steve, we can run!" Tony insisted, his heart kickstarting and racing in his chest like mad as the realization came crashing down that this was it. They were out of time. They’d come to take Stefen and Stefen didn’t intend to fight them.
“They’re saying it was a woman on a bike. There must have been a hundred witnesses, but nobody caught her. These Black Widows, I tell you they should have done something about these gypsies a long time – ”
“Allow? I kicked her out of it.” Tony corrected, pulling his elbow free of the captain’s unforgiving grip. Stefen did not seem to notice the strength of it. “Why, Tony?” he practically growled, and Tony huffed in irritation.
“My head hurts a bit, you know how grumpy that makes me.” He teased Sara, flicking Herr Bears nose. “As grumpy as a bear.”
“I believe dinner will be served. I know I’m famished. Care to take a walk with me?” the captain asked and Steve’s reply was quick.
“Wouldn’t want one of those. What about sitting right at the mouth of the road Hitler needs to take does he not get?”
He forced himself to get up and ignored the voice in his head that sounded like Tony, quipping that it wasn’t safe anywhere.
Reaching the Abbott’s door he paused only momentarily to turn and watch the stranger’s retreat down the hall. His stride was long, his steps efficient and brisk in a way that screamed military. His clothing was expensive but not showy, his jacket framing a set of broad shoulders that had no doubt seen their share of burdens and still he walked proudly like a king in court. Tony remembered the flash of sea blue eyes and the golden glint of dark blond hair peaking from beneath the hat the man had worn and he shivered.
It was a long moment, with Steve’s heart pounding loudly in his ears, before he realized that Bucky was agreeing, and it wasn’t until he asked if it was true that he could bring himself to believe it.
When they’d finally ended the lesson so that the children could have time to wash up and make themselves presentable for supper, Stark had appeared on the terrace with a tray of refreshments. While the children had rushed to slack their thirst and generally add the iced water to the sweat soaking their jumpers, Stark had poured a glass for Stefen and drawn him into a conversation about…. Mechanical wash tubs? Or maybe it was soap machines. It sounded like gibberish to Bucky but Stefen had seemed amused by it.
Fear jolted suddenly down’ Steve’s spine, and he parted his lips gasping quietly for breath. He couldn't see her!
He wondered why on earth had he bought such a frivolous thing with a flash of exasperation. It really wasn’t Natacha’s color. It reminded him of the vest he’d bought for Tony. That had been some of the best money he’d ever spent, he decided, remembering the way the red had looked set against Tony’s dark hair and unfashionably dark features.
“Why don't you eat, Herr Stark? I'm sure you'll find it filling,” he snapped before he could stop himself.
“Captain?” The sound of Virginia’s voice calling out at the end of the hall and the clack of her heels stilled his hand. The woman rushed toward them, an expression of surprise mingling with something that struck Steve as troubled, and he tensed. She was quick to embrace Bucky when she’d reached them, not standing on formality and Steve wasn’t sure who was more pleased by that (him or Bucky). “James, it’s been too long.”
“I don’t care about living. Do you?” Bucky growled, pressing the nozzle of the gun up against Dvorak’s chest wall, where any other man’s heart would be racing, but there was no fear in Dvorak. At least not enough. No, all Bucky saw in the red of his eyes was an old friend. The emptiness of a man who’d lost everything and who would gladly welcome death.
"I gave you boys a simple assignment and I see that it is not done. Robert! Explain." Bannführer Lehmann demanded and Bobby's back stiffened up.
Tony watched their progress and the tension that had been coiled tightly in his chest finally began to ease, until the captain’s quiet voice made him go tense again.
He saw red. He barely heard the children’s gasps as he spun up and around, lunging at Hammer who was too slow and surprised to have the wits to get out of his way. Tony hauled him in by the collar and slammed his fist against Hammer’s face as hard as he could. Owe! Son of a bitch!
The captain gripped his arms, his back stiff, head swiveling as he looked back and forth for danger, until his eyes followed where Tony’s were locked on a flyer plastered to the side of the lamp post.
Thoughts of the resistance and Janneke slickered at the edges of his mind. Bucky’s self-preservation instinct was strong but, to Steve's horror, his loyalty to Steve had always proved stronger. Bucky might leave them too in the end.
Ashamed? Natacha could only stare up at him in numb shock as his eyes blurred with tears and his big hands cradled her cheeks. He kissed both, one after the other with tender reverence, like she’d seen priests kiss statues of saints. He was shaking, and the realization made her heart twist. Her grip on him tightened unconsciously, desperate to give reassurance but not knowing how to give it or even how it could be that he was the one shamed.
In ways he would only admit to Steve he thought they were all still paying for it. What was left of their company were all what Peggy had called ‘shell shocked’, unable to come back from the mountains and rejoin society like proper men.
Seven children, by all the saints, Rogers was a virile beast wasn’t he? Though it was perhaps best not to dwell on that given the man’s political affiliations and corresponding doses of extra dislike for things considered amoral (that others might have been more forgiving of in better times). Tony could not count on a man like Rogers to look the other way if he suspected there was something deviant about Tony, sexual or otherwise.
Yet somehow it didn’t feel final even as the iron gates of St. Péter’s shut behind him with a clang and the startled flight of pigeons, or even as the driver of the trolleybus had barked at him for fifty reichspfennig rather than the half shilling he’d have paid not a month before (when Austria had still been Austria).  He had walked outside the abbey before of course but always with the benedictine robes to shield him and never with the same sense of urgency. The people of Salzburg were technically the same as they had been the night of his last jaunt through the city but now Tony viewed them with new eyes.
"Catch the train in the morning with the children. No exceptions and no delays.” He ordered the baroness, ignoring all of her questions. “I'll be back as soon as I can."
Is this how Stefen saw him? Tony wondered, finding it difficult to swallow as he drank in the renderings. This man of motion and mystery, with laughter behind his eyes and sadness tucked into the corner of every brilliant smile?
The way that Steve clung to him told Tony that he felt it too, the urgency brought on by knowledge of their perilous situation. Take now, or forever hold your peace. Steve’s mouth was so hot, his taste sublime with lingering notes of orange and cinnamon from Willamina's wine, but it was the way that Steve keened, deep and low in the back of his throat like a desperate thing, that made Tony deepen the kiss, sweep his tongue through the heat of Steve's mouth with the wantonness more than two decades as a monk couldn't stomp out of him.
“Are you sure? I don’t want to force you Tony, but I’m prepared to.” Stanislov looked poignantly to their friend in the corner, who smiled and shifted his suit jacket just enough to reveal the hilt of his pistol.
Steve scowled, raising his eyebrows. He wasn’t the only one who was watching the exchange either. He saw Bucky look up from where he was tying his leg to James, a spark of recognition and a dark expression passing over his face when he saw the boy. Steve wondered at it. Did Bucky know this boy?
“Unofficially, the HMS Avenger will also carry a specialized team hand selected by M19 and comprised of special operatives,
Tony blinked and was pretty sure he was wearing a gob smacked expression when he turned to find Rogers at his back, blue eyes not quite able to meet his with a countenance that Tony might have called bashful on someone less rigid than the captain. But then those eyes shifted and pinned his like darts to a board and suddenly Tony wished they’d look anywhere else.
Steve froze, his eyes flying open wide. Excruciatingly slow his vision swam back into focus, the haze cleared just enough to recognize brown eyes staring down into his. The same brown eyes he’d imagined in his cell and in the sterile room where they’d strapped him down and… Steve closed his eyes, a moan pushing from his chest and becoming a whine in his throat as he willed the vision away.
"I'm Italian darling, everything I do is eccentric. " Tony answered with a dramatic waggle of his eyebrows and Stefen chuckled again, louder, shaking his head as he turned back toward the mirror where he was shaving off the mornings shadow. Tony cocked his head and tried to imagine what it would look like if Stefen were to let it grow, and found himself intrigued by the idea. Though to be certain, it would be a shame to cover the chiseled line of his jaw and those gorgeous cheekbones of his. A crime against mother nature herself.
Steve reached out, his fingers just barely brushing Fiedor’s forehead. Without thinking, pushed forward, by need so deep it overwhelmed him, Steve strained against the exhaustion of his body and restraints to brush the man’s eyes closed. The thin rubbery skin stuck and would only lay half-mast. He tried again and Fiedor’s right eyelid broke off entirely sagging away like raw dough.
“You’re a child!” Tony yanked with all his might, heard the boy’s collar tear and barely even registered the sound for what it was. He swung Ian around, gripping his shoulders punishingly as he shook him. “You’re a child and there’s not a god damn thing you can do!”
“One day they were sure that he would die, if he could not get warm or fed, but there was nowhere to go and no one who would help. But that night a Bayash caravan made camp not far from them. Sara bundled her baby up and went to them despite the risk of being kicked and chased away with stones and pleaded with the Phuri Dae – the wise woman – for a chance to share their pot and their fire that night.
Under Nazi law the Afro-Germans had lost whatever forms of citizenship they might have held before and with it their right to employment. Among other things.
A/N: Nowy Sacs is a city in what is today Poland and in Steve's boyhood would have been Galicia, which was a province of the Austro-Hungarian empire. Steve is what we would understand as a Gypsy, or Bayash as they would call themselves. The decision to make him and Bucky ethnically Roma started with our desire to make Bucky Romanian in a nod to Sebastian Stan, and somehow snowballed in what we believe is a wonderful way. Our desire is to emphasize how prevalent racial mixing actually is in the world despite the history that we write otherwise and really get to the heart of the horrors of this period of history. Steve's mother despite her fair features is full Roma but she married a gajo (someone non-Roma) which has put him on the outskirts of both societies. When Bucky calls Steve Prala he is  calling him 'brother'.
"My father was not Gypsy. He was deeply in love with Austria.  He was a poor father in many regards but he taught me to love this country. That passion probably seems strange coming from an outsider." Stefen, stared at him defiantly, swallowing back a lump of emotion and Tony held his gaze, tilting his lips in a small smile of understanding as he murmured in reply.
"There you are, a way you can help." Tony jumped on the suggestion, shooing Péter away with one hand as he returned to trying to divest the captain of his shirt with the other.
Getting everyone unpacked and settled in their rooms took what was left of the afternoon. Tony finally had a brief moment to himself to unpack his own things when Péter and Ian, having already finished, were drawn away by the jaunty sound of violin strings striking up in the sitting room.
"Their last tutor must have been a joke Captain, because all of your children are too smart for their own good. If there was some doubt in their aptitude I'm confident the teacher and not the pupils were at fault." Tony insisted, striking far too close to the truth for Steve's comfort.
“I know you’ve got your own family to look after, but If you make it out of this and I don’t, you’ll look in on Nina and Anton Won’t you?” Kroger’s voice was flat as if he were asking after the time. “Victoria can take care of herself, but I’d like to know someone was there to make sure. Nina won’t listen to a stepmother. She’s already sour that Victoria insisted she go to the Bride School. I know my girl, she’s not ready for marriage. She’s not like your child-”
They were meant to be preparing for General Schmidt and Colonel Marquering to come through for inspection, but Rogers had insisted they spend the morning huffing it around the training ground under the guise of strengthening the men's lungs.
Fever came. He shivered for hours, too hot and too cold all at once, his bones rattling as they tried to separate from his body. He coughed and he retched, he itched, and he ached, he burned and he froze, in a relentless carousel of misery. He lost track of how many days he lay huddled in his corner of the pen, the goat eyeing him resentfully from its new bed on the opposite side. Steve suspected vaguely that if the old bag of beans wasn't so ancient, he would treat Steve to a stubby horn in his gut.
Stefen sat beside him, not overly close but close enough that Tony could feel his body radiating heat in the small space left between them. He wondered if that was a Stefen thing or a ‘Tony needs to get a handle on himself’ thing.
No one was smiling now. It was so quiet in the room it didn’t even feel like anyone was breathing. Funnily enough, it was Stefen who finally broke the silence, blue eyes searching Tony’s as he asked, “How can you be sure of that?”
“I’m a mechanic. Bucky’s a gardener. So, what are you, Natacha?” he asked, and the silence that settled between them was heavy.
“So long as ignorance and misery remain on earth, books like this cannot be useless.” He snapped defensively, though he didn’t know why he expected Stefen to understand the reference or to care, when Tony was teaching his children banned material. So he went with the strategy of saying as much of whatever else came to mind as possible, in the hopes that maybe Stefen would get distracted and forget to be angry.
Steve nudged the unopened duffle bag he knew contained food with his boot and raised his eyebrow in invitation to have at whatever was in the bag.  Bucky reached, grabbing the bag by its strap and pulling it toward him. A few of the other soldier's eyes fallowed Bucky’s progress but their owners stayed where they were.
“It’s in the breeding I’m afraid. I did warn Margrit.” she tutted and Tony bristled, biting his tongue to keep from saying any of the hundreds of replies that leaped to mind. She stroked Natacha’s cheek with her thumb, bestowing the kind of fondness one might upon a pet as her lips spread into a wide smile that did nothing to warm her eyes.
Stefen held his gaze for a moment and then it flicked away, back to the door. Dismissing the conversation just like that.
He’d been seventeen when war had broken out and had watched from the shipyard as boys, many much younger than him, had marched to their deaths with smiles on their faces and brimming with confidence. They’d been children, no way of knowing what was ahead of them, no way of knowing that the ships they were boarding would carry them far away from the shores of their home and would not bring them back.
Steve sucked in a harsh breath and backed up, throwing his hands up in surrender because he knew better than to try and keep pushing when Bucky was this worked up. Whatever was going on it must be bad.
“Stefen?” Tony urged him gently and at the sound of his name that lost look on the captain’s face was swept away by grim resignation.
"Ha. Told you!" James crowed, sticking his tongue out at his brother and just when Tony feared things were about to dissolve into more fighting between the two, Artur spotted him in the door way.
“James!” Natacha snapped over her shoulder, and the boy snapped out of his horrified daze to grab Artur who was standing beside Péter, clutching his brother’s shirt with one hand as he watched the violence unfolding, driven to solemn silence.
“Do you feel tricked James?” He asked, considering the boy with a tilt of his head. “I’m sorry for that. But I asked for exactly what I wanted. If any of you had bothered to think about it, even a little, you would have noticed there was a margin for error and done something to limit that. Do not blame me for your passivity.”
“Why did you allow Natacha to leave class?” Stefen asked, pulling Tony further away from the door of the shop and any prying ears.
Natural born.Tony snorted, the knot that had formed in his stomach loosening slightly. Nonna clearly had not seen Péter Rogers shoot a rifle.
The pulled up outside the Kaiserhof and were met by a busboy who helped them unload Tony’s luggage onto a trolley and wheel it through the busy lobby, and onto the impressive new electric powered elevator. Tony barely paid any attention to it or what direction they took to their suite.
Grig’s contact at the chapter office had not given him a date for when the bank order would go into effect, and Tony had hoped the family would be able to withdraw their savings before it was too late.
His hand came down over hers, squeezing tightly, prepared to wrench her grip loose and it seemed like he took a breath to shout at her – but they both heard the quiet click of a door opening down the hall in the same instant. His eyes flew past her, searching out and locking on the new threat at the exact same time as her fingers released like springs and her hands fell back to her sides limp and lifeless.
When he’d eaten his full Tony settled back into the grass and closed his eyes. He could sense the children staring at him, shuffling nervously, unsure what to do next.
“That’s a fine thing. A very fine thing.” Slowly a smile returned to Joshua’s face. He nodded, as if turning it over in his mind and when his eyes met Tony’s he could see in them that he was just as eager as Tony was to see a party come back to the Roger’s villa.
Uncle Bucky tossed back the last of his drink and Péter looked up from the camera he was only pretending to pay attention to in order to stare at him.
Tony's gaze moved past the doctor and landed on a skinny young man, probably no older than twenty, who was strapped to a bed nearby, needles and tubes protruding from his skin while a bright blue liquid was pumped into his veins. He stared blankly back at Tony, either unseeing or not enough presence to care. Tony shivered.
The dark stain on his pale skin was unmistakable and coupled with the vivid fingerprint bruises dotting his neck he looked like someone had attempted to murder him (and succeed).
There was no stopping her, from everything he knew about her, Janneke was a strong capable woman who knew exactly what risks she was taking, but there was a heavy feeling of regret inside him as Tony reentered the crowd. He doubted they’d see each other again after tonight, but he’d have liked to. They might have been very good friends in a different life.
“And children, if you believe nothing else I teach you, believe that all men should be questioned. Gustav Wyneken believed that. He also believed that true learning could only be done in a place where students were free to arouse their passions, where educators felt free to indulge those passions – morally and carefully, despite accusations to the contrary - in a search for higher understanding of ourselves and our surroundings.” Tony explained to them as he moved behind the piano to take his seat at the bench.
That’s what Rogers had looked like too, back when they’d first met, like someone’s misplaced child brother. Barley twenty, if that, and already a Staff Sergeant fresh from the mountain groups shock men. Standing next to his peers who would all out rank him in about ten weeks, Rogers had not understood the way of things.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about and I don’t like what you're insinuating. I’ve nothing to do with any of THAT.” He spat. “Fräulein Regenbogen and I have always been faithful citizens. Patriots.”
Tony tensed as she reached out to grasp Natacha by the chin, the grip appearing gentle but no less firm for it.
That evening Clinton had stuck a folded piece of printed paper in Tony’s hand and whispered in French that the abbot warned him to be careful. Then he’d darted off, climbing back over the wall like the monkey he’d surely been in some past life.
It made Tony ache to think about. As much as he missed the abbey some days, Tony had never belonged there. But Rogers… Rogers was a soldier. He’d bled for this country. He’d loved and believed in Austria in a way that Tony never had. That uniform had once been a symbol of honor and pride. Now it was tainted. And where did that leave a man like Rogers?
He might have had an excuse as a boy still reeling from the deaths of his parents and the loss of all his familiars… but Tony wasn’t a child any longer. Now he was the tutor of seven young minds who would fall prey to a degenerative system aimed to silence those minds, so brimming with questions and blooming ideologies.
There was an odd moment of silence where Tony worried that Stefen had picked up on his off moment (and God he hoped not, because the last subject he wanted to broach was
"A mere monk?" the doctor sneered in reply, scoffing loudly. "It is insulting. How is my work to be taken seriously when a mere monk is given purview over me?"
But it wasn’t the only thing he could do. He could run, as Tony and Bucky were always urging him to do. He could lay down his weapon, his pride, and forsake his duty, and simply walk away from it all.
“What is this about, gentleman?” Tony asked slowly, watching Obi as carefully as the man was no doubt watching him.
“Misconceptions all around. But, now that we’re all better acquainted how about showing me to my room?”
Frankly Tony didn’t give a rat’s ass what friends Péter wanted to sneak out to meet so long as he didn’t kill himself falling off the side of the house.
The chalet was wonderful, like something out of one of Ian’s old books. It was oversized, but not unattractive for it, the wood painted a pearly white that stood out amongst the towering pines at its back. In summer the berghof no doubt looked splendid set against the green of the mountainside, but it was no less so here in winter, with the softly drifting snow covering everything.
“So you just shot him!” Steve cut himself off, his stomach lurching with a sick feeling as the image of Péter laying purple and gray assaulted him. Péter was someone in a place he shouldn’t be.
"Oh dear... you'd better come inside then.  We've not seen the Gestapo since the arrests, but I'm sure they won't be long." Brother Simone beckoned. And Tony wasn't at all sure if they could trust it, but there was little choice and what choice there was, was immediately taken out of their hands as the brothers Vogel and Albrecht leaned over the edge of the boat to reach for an old frayed rope tied to the end of the dock in order to pull the boat close enough to exit.
“No, but they are the only people I care about!” Dvořák said with all the certainty in his body. Rogers knew, Dvořák had made no secret of it. He was here because if he wasn’t, he couldn’t guarantee their safety. If it came down to a choice between his girls and Rogers’ or the rest of their squad or the whole damn world. Dvořák knew what side he was on.
Breathing heavily, he shook the water out of his eyes and held James close, his heart jittering in his chest.
As the fantasy played out it in his mind, as he imagined the way that Tony would pant and moan as Steve took him apart it was all Steve could do to keep rhythm without losing his mind, pleasure building. So close. He was so…
“No," the monk prattled on. "I spent years building up an intolerance to venom, monk training is very vigorous and all, I'll be fine. I'm just worried that they might have spread about the house.”
Tony scoffed inwardly, his lips twisting in a sardonic smile. He should at least be honest with himself.
As his back sank into the mattress Stefen’s hand was there behind his head, and then his larger body was covering Tony’s, heat and firm muscle pressing against every inch of him and Tony sucked in a breath in one violent gulp, like a drowning man coming up for air. It was only some buried instinct for self-preservation that had him biting his lip to stave off further sound as Stefen’s hips moved against his. His mouth roved over the chords of muscle in Tony’s throat, wet suction against the sensitive skin there and Tony shuddered, fingers sinking into the flesh of Stefen’s back, and reveled in the low hiss of breath Stefen released.
“... doesn’t have children is all I’m saying Duncan,” the woman said, her voice becoming clearer as she neared the kitchen window and Tony froze, flattening his body as tightly against the wood as he could. He was just under the loft window, above the kitchen, but if the woman stuck her head out and happened to look upward, she’d see him.
He’d chosen a spot near the window where he could keep his eyes peeled for trouble, but there were hardly any people on the streets at this hour. Once curfew had passed it had become a ghost land.
"If you'll wait here the Captain will be with you shortly," the Weasel simpered. Hammer turned his back and headed towards a set of doors to the left the heels of his shiny shoes clicking as he walked.
“Enough!” He barked, and they thankfully went quiet. He turned back to the girl, who was looking up at him blankly as if he were no more substantial than air. He wanted to shake her.
He’d not seen it then, how Tony had hung on the razor edge of bravery and stupidity. How much he’d trusted Steve to keep him safe. But Steve had failed everyone he loved. The children were... and Tony was...Tony was a Jew. If not for his own genius and the Reich’s greed, he’d be right beside Steve in this miserable hell and that was the truth.
But he wouldn’t and he knew it. It was the only thing that kept him focused and inside his mind, and he had to stay inside his mind if he was going to keep his promise and get back to his family.
“Yes. But the boy was good and clever. He kept thinking up ways to try and improve their situation. Every day he’d go into the forest to chop firewood to sell, all day he’d work, but they still did not always have enough to eat or money to get by. The boy missed his father and the good life they once had. Until one day he thought ‘I am my father’s son’.
When Péter walked into the basement of the butcher shop that evening he was unsurprised to find Rogue there, along with the others.
“The jib looks alright from here. It looks like the mainsail got the worst of it” Ester pointed, raising her voice to be heard over the sound of rain pounding on the deck. Tony shielded his eyes from it, ignoring the chill as it sank through his clothing, peering up the mast. Unfortunately, she was right. They could sail with just the jib but it was challenging, since they had a tendency to turn away from the wind and stall. But true to her word, Ester proved to be a knowledgeable hand at the sail and he was able to leave her to it in order to return below.
“During advent we’d go with our uncles to play music under the gadje’s windows. They’d toss us coins and we’d save em up so we could buy food for the feast. The whole tribe would come from all over to one spot and the women would cook all day. Some of the best food you’ve ever tasted.” Stefen smiled wistfully in memory. “Christmas Eve we’d all eat together, remember our dead. We’d tell stories about them and leave food out for their spirits. Then we’d go around from caravan to caravan, seeking the blessing… That’s, forgiveness for all the stupid ways we’d hurt or cheated each other that year.”
“Shut up, Tony.” He managed to rasp lowly. Because none of it mattered anymore. An explosion, bodies, Bucky and Tony both gone.
“Pardon me. I’m Agent Holmes. I am here representing SIS.” The man returned the watch to his pocket with an apologetic grimace. His face looked rather attuned to grimacing often in Tony’s opinion.
“And what, make you?” Tacha raised an eyebrow, folding her arms over her chest, always a dangerous sign.
He'd not taken them on a swim since before he'd contracted the fever. That summer had been unusually cold and Peggy had been having trouble with the pregnancy.
The children were growing more brown as the days passed. Ian, Péter and Maria were all displaying freckles Tony had declared adorable over their biology lesion a few days ago. Only Maria had found it charming. Natacha had seemed positively horrified. Sun and color was a good look on all of them. Stefen himself had begun to look less like the swallow faced man he’d first encountered what seemed like a lifetime ago, his skin favoring a swarthy golden color. Bronzing in the summer sun he looked about as far from that carved statue Tony had met a few months ago as he'd ever been. He looked made for sunshine and wild grass.
The cruelty of it left a sour taste in Natacha’s mouth as she contemplated it. Her sister was barely six years old, and she’d already seen the murder people hid in their hearts. On a cold night in November she’d heard it leap off their tongues and felt the grip of its hands; and on Christmas day she’d sing a prayer for rescue to a room full of the same people, with knives held politely behind their backs. Tony knew there would be no rescue! No rescue for any of them.
Sam knew damn well what those flowers meant. Sam had put in the little blue flowers the same year that Sara had been born and that Peggy had died. She’d insisted on them, had sat amongst them for precious moments of quiet before the fever had taken her strength.
) in the purple coat jerked in surprise and stopped to look back over her shoulder. She paled when she recognized Tony standing there, but it was the expression of dread on her companion’s face that had Tony’s attention.
Tony hadn’t gone with. Professor Sieger’s little glances at the bedroom door, where the children slept fitfully (if at all) had rooted him to the spot. There was so much a person did for love. Or out of fear.
Tony’s eyebrows shot up at the revelation. The Führer was currently attempting peace talks with the leaders of England and France, but they were going about as well as everybody had expected them too (which was to say terribly). Hitler had no interest in peace, and still had his eye firmly on bringing home the ethnic Germans inhabiting the border lands of Czechoslovakia. The arrogant ass had no intention of hearing no. Everybody expected there to be an announcement of war within the damn week, but Stefen thought they could avoid it and he was whispering with British intelligence?
Steve had not even thought about them, not bothering to frequent the garden much over the past few years. Had Maria remembered or had Sam planted the idea in her head? It was anyone's guess.
"Who?" demanded Bucky once more, and Tony rolled his eyes heavenward because it was beginning to sound like they had an owl trapped in the room.
It snowed Thursday, but Friday dawned cold and clear. One of those beautiful winter days full of deceptive that made one hunger for the true warmth of spring; but with the shortest month of the year not quite finished, Tony didn’t think they’d be putting away their winter wardrobes anytime soon.
“Are you all right, Uncle Bucky?” James asked from his right, peering up at Bucky with pinched worried blue eyes.
Charlotte's sitting room was large and feminine, decked out in the latest fashion yet somehow still holding all the nostalgia that Austrians seemed to favor. The furniture was expensive but strong and elegant, much like her. She’d had her drapes opened to let sunlight spill into the room. The sounds of the city outside the iron gates that surrounded her home filtered in through the window. Steve straightened his posture, realizing only as his back pained him that he'd been trying to make himself smaller within the grand room.
He dragged a hand over his face. Pressure was building behind his eyes, throbbing in time with his heartbeat. He needed to pull it together. He was going out of his mind, yes, he knew it, and they would know it too if he didn’t get a hold of himself. If he were here Tony would-
Bucky planted himself between Natacha and Péter, grunting a hello as he began to scoop bits of food onto his plate.
“What’s wrong?” Péter asked after the silence dragged on. “Has...has something, happened? Is everyone alright?”
All around them were the marks of industry, expansion, and that hardest to rid imprint of them all, time. Architectural splendor rose up alongside the rustic structures of previous centuries in the city center, joining the past with the present in a visually effortless marriage (though anyone with a newspaper knew it to be far from the truth). Even Tony had been humming with excitement by the time Harold had pulled up next to the Grand Hotel, the prospect of so much art, so much vitality and
Ian shrank, feeling ashamed of being found like this but Peter didn’t comment on it or make fun of him. He shut the door gently behind himself and loped over on his long skinny legs. He barely waiting for Ian to move his legs before he plopped himself down.
“Then you will of course avoid the use of morphine?” It was phrased as a question, but Dvorak put enough command behind it that there was no way the doctor could mistake it for anything else. The doctor slowly licked his lips, visibly torn and for an anxious moment Dvorak wondered if the man might not just turn and plunge the needle into Rogers passed out figure. But a moment later the man straightened, withdrawing from the bed with a muttered reply.
"No, I’m going for my exercise in the garden, and then I have a morning meeting in town. Don't have the children wait."
"Ah." Steve pretended to contemplate it for a long moment and as the silence between them dragged, Natacha cast furtive glances at him out of the corner of her eye.
It was silent for a long tense moments before finally Prince Loki said what weighed so heavily on all their minds.
“Nothing you couldn’t read in the paper. He’s Austria’s favorite son. Had my dad lived long enough he’d probably have hung his picture above the fireplace like every other upstanding citizen. Is this going somewhere Farkas?”
Steve managed a breath. The pleasant buzz in his mind had become something of a painful drumming (Stark’s fault of course) and he was still deciding on what biting thing to say in return when Pe- Virginia (damn it!) stepped into the study with a fresh bottle in hand.
"Frauline Werner is a very esteemed guest, Willamina, and the Captain is sure to invite her for dinner! Frauline Werner and Frau Rogers were quite close you know." Hammer was insisting.
He was disrupted from his rambling thoughts by a particularly boisterous boom of thunder. Maria dove beneath the covers and Sara’s face scrunched up with the threat of more tears as her hands flew to cover her ears.
But predictably Stefen’s focus caught on the one thing Tony had kind of hoped to slide under his radar.
Tony glanced up from the keys once more, doing a quick scan of the room to account for the children – Natacha was with a group of girls, Péter was chatting with Harry and Bobby,  the other five had fallen into the group of children sitting around a table listening to Herr Beutlin spin a wild tale, his shock of silver hair and twinkling blue eyes making him the very picture of the eccentric old scholar Tony had always imagined him to be – before falling again on Steve, who was engaging in what looked to be a very terse conversation with one of the newest heads in intelligence operations. Steve was positive that if there was an investigation into his activities that Striker was the one leading it. The sight of the man just standing there, watching Stefen with no less intent than the strange woman was watching him, made Tony want to do something drastic like leap off the bench, grab Steve and the children and make a run for it.
The people on the radio weren’t telling the truth. Nobody was going to know what the Nazis had really done.
“Are you?” Steve snapped, turning toward Tony, already focused on the mission at hand which was finding his daughter. “Do you know what they’re talking about?” Tony nodded.
The group kept moving, Péter marching ahead of them with furious steps and Tony sighed once more. If it wasn’t one thing it was another.
Predictably a chorus of wails and protests followed and the pressure building behind Steve's eyes became a dull ache.
The children drew closer to the light like little moths, and Tony swallowed thickly as he took in their stiff frightened faces staring up at him in the candles glow. He examined them one by one, checking for injuries, but also needing just to touch, just to assure himself that they were there – they'd done it somehow – and he was not dreaming.
There was no malice behind Tony's words. How could there be, when he was standing here lips stung with kisses and tongue heavy with unspoken declarations? They were a band of fools.
"But you have produced nothing to support any of those claims. Indeed, you recently claimed the Major was lying about being ill, but the official who was sent reported him to be in grave condition. You can see how that shakes our confidence in your many claims?”
“No,” Tony answered just as enthusiastically as before. “I mean of course I know of it, I'm just not an expert. But I can become one by the end of the week. You’ll have to excuse the wait time but I’ll have to write to Brother Bruce who has all the books – I doubt your father has a secret stash of chemistry books we don’t know about – and you know how slow the post is. Who’s next?”
"People have gotten hurt, Darling. I don't know if the mood is right for a concert." Charlotte tried to let them down gently, but Tony got a very thoughtful expression and adamantly disagreed.
"Just leave it alone Tacha." He grumbled as he mounted his bicycle. "Come on, if we're late for supper again Frau Hogan will skin us."
The little ones started crying. James howled that he didn’t want to go. Wasn’t tired. Wanted to sleep with Uncle Bucky, and then cried for Péter. Neither of whom were there for him. Brilliant in its own way. Clever boy.
Stark inconceivably did not heed the danger in Steve’s tone, brown eyes bright and laughing lightly as he replied “well the children- no, well the storm frightens the children.”
“I’d make a shit soldier,” Bucky responded to his unspoken question with a short laugh. “I make a decent enough bounty hunter, but it’s nice to know when your next meal is coming. Farm work will do.”  Bucky let the hook drop, and he didn’t have to wait long for the man to take it. His eyes widening in surprise and his tongue wetting his bottom lip eagerly the man leaned toward him, glancing around feverously before he whispered.
Deiter tensed, but kept on eating. The agent seemed content to wait, posed above him like a carrion bird waiting for a wounded animal to draw its last breath.
Tony scowled, wondering what type of idiot this Hank fellow had been and Janneke laughed again, clearly delighted with the expression on his face.
When Natacha had come back up Tony hadn’t tried to interrogate her. It had looked to them all that Stefen had burned his bridges with the baroness, and if the piercing look Charlotte had given Tony before she'd finally turned from the stairwell and left was anything to go by, he was no favorite of hers either.
Bucky shoved the painful memory away and looked away saying, “Don’t ungrateful Stark,” before he turned back to Lang and the other two, and gestured sharply with his head toward the car. “Drag the bodies into the brush. We’ll push the car off the road. Hopefully it will buy us a day or two before someone spots it.”
Equally strong was the urge to sketch him again. He’d wondered if Tony would agree to sit for him. Let Steve take his time and map out every rich detail of Tony's body.
“Have you gone mad?!” Hammer interjected, looking completely scandalized. “Tarnish the captains good name by associating with known radicals! He won’t have it! He’ll be furious if you even suggest it. Nobody in this household is to even look in their direction.”
He’d expected to always be an outsider looking in on the happiness of others – while Bucky would go on to build a home and have a gaggle of babies.
“I’m an old friend of your mother.” Tony explained and the girl’s eyes widened some in curiosity. “I was hoping you could help us find her.”
A horrible choice for any parent to make, and yet perhaps the very thing that ensured their survival. And so, it was with great risk that in March of 1940 Captain Rogers and Antony Stark began the dangerous undertaking of moving the family from Pula, to France, without alerting the Italian authorities.
Stefen’s angry blue eyes roved over his face for a moment before the emotion in them shifted to something else, Tony couldn’t quite put his finger on it. Not quite anger anymore, but not
James was so excited to share his catch he nearly tripped as he reached Tony who was watching carefully over Maria and Sara, who were searching the tall grasses close to the water’s edge for wild flowers. But the girls were quickly distracted by their eagerness to see what their brother had caught and came rushing over along with the others, cheeks flushed with excitement.
Once again Steve found himself rushing through the streets, his heart bounding fiercely in his chest as fear flowed through his veins like ice.
Only, that night he didn’t seem in the mood for it. Maybe it was the hours he’d already spent stooped till his back ached or the soap seeped into old scrapes and burns reminding him of his own fragility but that night Tony did not make the turn that would have taken him to the workshop. It was as silent as a tomb in the monastery after hours, the silence only emphasizing the cold of the stone walls and the emptiness of each passage. Quite without thought Tony found himself where Brother Hanes and the rest of the monks designated for choir work practiced their hymns, but it didn’t surprise him that on a night like this he’d be driven to chasing ghosts.
Stefen continued to stare at him for a long drawn out moment. Then he nodded, catching Ian’s eyes and jerking his head toward the door in silent command. Ian took a shuddered breath for courage and reluctantly moved back. He stopped just before he crossed the threshold, glancing over his shoulder uncertainly and biting his lip.
Tony pushed at Steve’s shoulders as he said it, not trusting the captain to do it on his own, but Steve must have seen his acquiescence in his eyes because he melted back against the bedding, smooth as butter. He waited, expectant, but soft and easy with trust and Tony found it difficult to breathe as he struggled with the belt on his trousers.
The sudden sound of pounding footsteps interrupted the quiet and Tony jerked out of his memories as Artur came bursting through the doorway, cheeks red with exertion as he loudly exclaimed, “Tony! The Führer! It’s on the television, everybody’s watching! Frau Hogan says to come quick!”
"I ought to convince him you need another summer of remedial courses." Tony grumbled, before nodding his head jerkily toward the door. "Go on, out of here with you. And don't forget to see Pepper about that cheek."
Stefen was unraveling. Panted curses and gasps filled Tony’s ears as Stefen’s whole body shook beneath his hands. Those little thrusts of his quickly turning erratic as his fumbling hands came to rest in Tony’s hair, fingers grasping desperately at the dark strands until Tony’s eyes stung.
Tony's childhood home Haushügel "Hill House" is located on Valovine Beach. The amazing view from a modern villa, and some pictures from around the beach.
He'd caught it the first time just at the tail end of the civil war, before the country managed to stabilize. He'd survived when many others had succumbed, but he’d come home before he was fully restored for Peggy to nurse him. Then the mother had fallen ill, and Peggy had nursed her, only Sara Rogers had not been as young or hardy as her son and the family buried her not long after.
Building snow walls quickly descended into throwing snow balls when James started flicking snow at Ian and somehow or another Tony found himself in the snow battle of the century. He tried to put a stop to it, worried about Stefen overexerting himself, but when the captain calmly reached down and began compacting a large ball of snow with a challenging glint in his eye, he’d suspected it was futile. Half recovered or not, Stefen was fast and threw a powerfully accurate snowball to the chest – which he mistakenly found hilarious.
“A novice from the church stopping in for kaffeetrinken.” Virginia interjected and Hammer swelled up like an agitated bird.
“Tony, why don’t girl butterflies like to be pretty?” Maria asked, tugging gently upon his trouser leg and Tony smiled.
"Tony can't leave if they can't find us. He wouldn't go without saying goodbye." Artur had plotted, and they'd slipped away to hide in the closet under the attic stairs.
Stefen returned just as they were wrapping up the days abridged lessons, the clothes from Themen in hand. There was relatively ordered chaos for a while as faces were scrubbed, bows were tied and shoes shined.
Steve pushed the tray away, his stomach already twisting at the thought of consuming more than he already had. He'd eaten...well alright, yesterday, yesterday morning to be exact and a few bites at dinner with Charlotte, but looking at the food on the tray he couldn't bring himself to muster the will.
“Tony?” Tony's name came out more a groan then a real word. More like a prayer than anything Steve had ever meant before. It couldn’t be real. He knew but - Steve whimpered, closing his sore eyes. Biting desperately at chapped lips. Please let it be real.
The look on Erhard’s face, like Tony had shit himself and not bothered to wash before going out in public, almost made Tony certain that they’d never be back to darken his door again. He knew better though.
It was a wonder mother had been able to accomplish so much with young children to look after. Natacha didn’t doubt that others had looked down on her for the work that had so often taken her away from a woman's place in the home - but Natacha had never felt she lacked for love or maternal influence. It helped perhaps, that Baka had lived with them and could mind them for a few hours each day. Other women weren’t so lucky to have that sort of help.
“Yes, but it’s not as easy as you might think. The Germans are closely watching the banks. Armies are expensive to maintain. They aren’t keen on large sums of money funneling out of the country, especially if it may be financing foreign governments. If there is a reason to seize your funds they’ll take it, so my personal advice to you if you don’t want to be hauled in for questioning is to transfer only a portion. Now I’ve spoken to a colleague of mine, an American fellow who is far more adapt with what passes for law over there.”
“You aint special Rogers.” Bucky declared softly. “They know for sure what you’re up to and they’ll kill you, sure as rain. We’ve got to do this right. I know someone who might be able to get a letter out unseen but none of this midnight alleyway shit. The trick is to look like you’ve got nothing to hide. We’re going to spend a few weeks together: parties, drinking, celebrating whatever the hell we can come up with. Tons of people in and out, but it’s alright because you’re just living it up before you’re inevitably shipped off to a post in the S.S, right? There can be no room for doubt, you understand? If you give them reason to doubt they’ll destroy you.”
“You told her about the engagement?” Steve didn’t know why the thought filled him with such discomfort.
“A man for instance, can have any number of flirtations. Even if he marries. As long as he provides well, a wife is expected to quietly forgive. She sees to his house and his name, with no thought for herself. I’ve always thought that deeply unfair.” Charlotte giggled under her breath as if they had shared a naughty joke. Real fear had begun to tickle at the back of Tony’s mind. Why would she have any reason to talk about the captain and affairs in the same breath, unless she thought he was entertaining other women? Maybe it was as simple as that, Tony thought heart pounding. Or maybe it was more. Charlotte’s smile seemed full of teeth to him now.
To Péter’s surprise Herr Stark did stop. He turned slowly around to face him with an aghast expression.
He loved this man. For his wit and humor. For his sarcastic wicked nature. Through the haze of panic and weariness that fogged his mind that truth continued to burn bright. He loved Tony. There was some poem wasn’t there?
He knew what Tony would say if the monk were there to see Steve pacing up and down the halls of his home, seeing things that weren’t there, staying up for days to keep the watch; but keeping the watch was what Steve had to do, to keep them all safe. He had lost more than he could bear already.
That was a bit of a stretch. Truthfully, Steve had never really stopped to ask either which way how Tony felt about her, but Tony rarely had feelings he didn’t express. Loudly at that. Still, if he had to be clear about one thing.
“Will you be alright?” he asked under his breath for Steve’s ears only. Because the pallet was narrow and Steve’s shoulders were wider, Tony was turned just slightly against Steve’s side, tucked into him like...
At the abbey when the nightmares would get particularly bad for Tony he used to do whatever he could not to sleep; which usually meant long hours in the workshop. Brother Bruce used to bring him food. Sometimes he’d eat it. Usually not.
He felt a pang of jealousy at the silent communication passing between the two men, at the lifetime of knowledge and shared memories behind such a look; because there was no one left whom he could share such an intimacy with. He gritted his teeth and grabbed a stick to poke the fire, wishing the feeling away with flying embers.
“Steve?” Tony rasped, needing to know for sure. Needing to hear his voice. Tony only got a tired grunt in reply as Steve’s eyes fluttered and his hand twitched toward him, but it spoke volumes. Chuckling, Tony reached for his reaching fingers and wound their fingers together. The beads on Tony’s necklace clinked as they curled into one another. Within moments, they fell into a deep exhausted sleep.
Dvorak frowned at the sound of Rogers voice, the sound pulled deep from his chest like a gutted animal. It was a shock to hear him sound so...fragile.  Maybe there was something to the wild claim of his physician committing malpractice after all. The man looked to be quickly headed for his death bed.
Brown eyes stared back at him, familiar and achingly alive. Brown eyes, with flecks of dark gold near the center and an even darker ring of rich brown around the edges. Brown, like his Grandda and the uncles, brown like Peggy's and like Bucky’s. Eyes that he’d loved and that were gone now. His mind was a terrible, backward thing. He’d seen those eyes, Tony's eyes, a thousand times, crinkled at the corners, deep and brilliantly alight with ideas and more to say then his minute mile mouth could keep up with.
“My god,” Tony heard himself say as if from a distance. There was a great roaring in his ears to go along with the pounding of his heart. “They’ve left her defenseless. They’ve as good as invited the Germans to gobble her up.”
The prince and his entourage were already seated by the time a long thin man with a dropping mustache plucked Steve and Charlotte out of the receiving line and showed them to the royal table.
“Would you believe that I was looking forward to the day my son grew out of dragging strange critters into the house?” Stefen sighed, pulling open the door and Tony followed him, chuckling, as they entered the shop.
He was. He lost his mother and our mother in very quick succession from scarlet fever. In those days it was not popular for a man to grieve openly. I suppose he felt he had to button it all up and carry on for us.
Memory was a tricky thing. Tony could recall every verse from a book he hated just as clearly as he could recall the last time he'd seen Natacha genuinely smile.
“Times are different now Karlina, you can’t trust folk. People go to prison, helping Jews.” Dagmar’s gaze slid briefly toward his wife with censure, and then came back to pin Ian again. “There’s one way to know of course.”
Pietro rocked his sister for a moment more before his eyes met Tony's again. In them was resignation, heavy with the knowledge of something old and terrible, but brittle with defiance as he held onto his sister and muttered promises he had no certain way of keeping.
“If they had taken you and the others and it was me, trying to find you, they’d help me, and you’d want them to.” He squeezed her hand gently, understanding how hard it was for her to let go either way. Her mouth pinched, expression shuttering until her face was cool and blank once more.
“Ah here he is!” Dvorak announced, voice too loud and rough with too much drink. “Longer than I expected. You’re getting old Bahkuizen.” Well that answered whether Dvorak had known he was coming, Bucky thought pulling his gun as the other man attempted to get up and crossing the room in quick strides. Dvorak lifted his hands in a gesture of surrender and froze with a jerk as Bucky pressed the nozzle of the gun against the side of his head, grabbing the man’s arm in a punishing grip and yanking him up.
And there it was, the very reason that Tony had stepped into this Nazi officer’s home in the first place. Steve’s desire to send his children abroad was Tony’s ticket to freedom, and yet the captain’s foreboding silence on the subject did not inspire the fear it should have; at least not for himself.
When Tony reentered the hall Frau Hogan was waiting for him her posture and expression so severe that he faltered in his step, actually taken a step back.
Steve gulped for breath while Tony fetched a wet rag from the basin by the bed to wipe him down, his expression one of disapproval.
Brother Filip was actually Agent Coulson, an army intelligence operative. He’d been placed at the abbey by the former chancellor, before Hitler’s rise to power in Germany. Something to do with the former chancellor’s belief that the key to restoring the German economy and overthrowing the yoke of the western powers after the loss of the great war lay in the wealth of the exiled Hapsburgs and restoring the Venetian monarchy. A pipe dream if Tony had ever heard one, and it shouldn’t have surprised him at all to learn that the abbots right hand man was just as much shadow and smoke as he was, but it still threw him for a loop.
Though she and her father share a lot of the same traits and coping techniques, Natasha is the most obvious reflection of the girl Peggy once was. She's smart, competitive, fiercely competent, with a cheeky streak that slips out the more you relax her. Her naturally empathetic nature wars with her pragmatic worldview. We aren't seeing it now, post losing her mother and the Nazis closing in, but we're learning that she used to be "wild". A gifted dancer, quick to laugh, and reputedly unconventional. Natasha wanted adventure in the great wide somewhere (and for once it might be grand to have someone understand that she wants so much more than they've got planned) *wink* and resents the idea that a woman's place is in the role of wife and mother. Even now we see her struggling with the new skin she's put on. She chaffs at being regulated to the role of "little mother" when she feels she could do as great (if not even better) a job of leading the family in her father's absence as Peter (who doesn't really want the responsibility). But most telling is the fact that despite all her protests and the Nazi ideals she parrots, she not only allows Tony to subvert the order of the household, she unfailingly ends up joining in.
