Sighing, Castiel's face turned back to a neutral expression, and he turned away from the windows. "Any information is vital for us to track her down and be done with this whole thing." Sam nodded, his frown going deeper.
Castiel froze, his heart started to hammer away in his chest. He wasn’t sure who Alastair had. But it seemed to be someone important to Castiel for Alastair to bring him in here to confront him about this war. He hadn’t touched his lamb, but after this revelation, he was sure he wasn’t going to eat at all.
The call ended and Castiel could breathe easily. His phone chimed with a message, it was Crowley reminding him of his meeting. He also said that he got rid of the people that were waiting to see him. Castiel sighed at that, but he had no other choice but to do just that. Few seconds later, he got up, grabbed his black suit jacket from the sofa by the door, pulled it on, and walked down the hallway. He was in all black today. Black button down, black pressed pants, black suit jacket. He had to meet important people today, so he had to look his best.
“Dean, you knew what I did for life,” Castiel replied, moving towards the kitchen bar. “You knew what I would do to the people who wronged me. You knew what would happen to people who were against me.”
Castiel walked into his library and made his way up to the newly added balcony which was close to the ceiling; from where he could see the sky, since the ceiling was covered in glass. He sat on the couch and looked up, to watch the rain drops. He lifted his legs up and placed them on the couch. There was a throw blanket on the couch which he draped on his legs, and then lifted his head to look out the window again.
Castiel got up and walked to the bar. He poured another glass of whiskey and slowly made his way back to Dean. He placed the glass down on the table, and then took off his suit jacket. He draped it over the arm rest and when he sat, he was closer to Dean this time. He rubbed his hands together and said.
There was a snap of a twig and Dean sharply looked up at the direction of the forest. He lifted his hands up and grabbed onto Mr. Novak’s bare forearms. “What was that?”
“You’re so sweet, Castiel. Begging me like this. But…” Alastair shrugged. He lifted his finger and, it happened so fast, seconds later Castiel heard the rifle cocking. When he turned his head, there was a shot. His mouth fell open as Lucifer’s eyes bugged out, and then his head fell forward, as blood oozed out of his forehead, where he had been shut. “I can do it. And I did it. Doesn’t this feel like a sweet, sweet, thing to witness?”
“It was your choice to become that,” Castiel said smoothly. “I didn't ask you here to fight with you over this.”
“I don’t think it’s appropriate of you to talk to me in such way. Especially when you don’t even know who I am,” Dean said with a slight shrug and a raised eyebrow.
There's only 1 chapter ready (aka 10) after this one, and I'm still working on 11... The delay and slight time frame gap between me writing and posting the chapters is BECAUSE of how busy I am. I honestly hate reading WIPs for this exact reason :(
. Dean and Lisa exchanged a glance over her shoulder and they both sighed in relief. Crisis was averted, for now.
“Don’t I know it,” she said seriously, but she shot him a smirk and a wink. Castiel relaxed further.
Dean was silent; he didn't say a word as he continued to stare at Castiel with the same face when he woke up. But then slowly, he started to nod. "Okay," he said and kept on nodding. "Okay. That's good news. That's a… that's good news. Right?"
A man sat down next to him. Dean couldn’t hear him, but a quick look at the man on his left made him understand that the man was muttering to himself about something. He probably spilled his coffee in his haste, because he was shaking some papers around. Droplets of the said coffee pitter-pattered around, and some landed on Dean and his phone. The man turned his face to look at Dean; wide blue-eyes stared into, well, his soul. Literally. Apologetic, gentle, piercing blue eyes, to be more specific. The round-shaped mouth was forming words, that Dean couldn’t hear for the life of him. Stubble around the face, hair in disarray.
“It’s… It’s my mom,” she said, her eyes closing for a bit, her shoulders shaking from crying. “She’s sick, and she needs money for treatment. And I’m good at hacking, I never get caught. I’ve been hacking a lot of people. I didn’t… I didn’t think that I would get caught. But I was unlucky with you, I guess.”
Castiel took the elevator down, with Crowley and two other men with him. It was quiet, no sound could be heard from here. There used to be an obnoxious music playing on the short ride down. Castiel was just glad that they had finally decided to cut it out.
“Aw…” she crooned as she got closer to him. “Look at you… Waiting for me, so eagerly, to be punished. You do know why you’re being punished, don’t you.”
Dean’s hand twitched as he caught a glimpse of Mr. Novak through the window. He grabbed the door’s handle to go out, but it was locked. “I need to get out here,” Dean said as he looked at the rearview mirror. His chauffer looked right back at him, and shook his head.
“Yes,” Dean said. Castiel looked at him sharply; his shoulders were hunched forward, and he was staring at the mug in his hands. “Yeah, Cas. Mr. Novak, I want to come back to you.”
His head was fogged up by pleasure so much that when he said the number “ten” he didn't even realize it. He didn't realize that it was the end. The vibration stopped and Mr. Novak pulled out the vibrator from inside of him and Dean felt empty.
plans so they had to have dinner at one of the most expensive restaurants in Manhattan. It was called
“Of course,” Castiel said sincerely, thinking that she thought there was going to be a gun fight or something. So Castiel added, “Nobody will harm you. Don’t worry about it.”
There was a knock on the door and Castiel jerked a bit. He grabbed the soap and started to run it up and down his body. His movements were automatic. He did a quick job, his hands going over the scrapes and bruises slower than usual. He took care of his hair as well, as much as he could. There was another knock on the door, and he huffed out. That nurse was really impatient.
“Of course I will. But I know that I can handle it. I loved what we did. Trust me,” Dean said, as he finished cuffing the buttons of sleeves back into their place. “It felt more like a reward than anything else.”
There were angry clouds gathering around, and it smelled like it was going to rain soon. The cemetery was in a beautiful location. The grass was still green, well kept. Dean could read some old names on the tombstones, but he didn't pay much attention to them, or his surroundings. His main concern was his employer.
“Hey, pretty boy,” he heard someone say close to him and he turned around in his seat, with a frown. Gabriel clapped him on the shoulder as he stood beside him. For someone who was this short, he sure had that aura of power that Dean respected in people.
There was a pause, where Castiel curled and uncurled his fists, trying to calm down. He knew the exact reason he was feeling frustrated, but he’d be damned to let her know that she was right in what she was saying.
After everything was said and done, and they were free from the Italians, for good, would he want to be with Castiel? Would Castiel want to be with Dean? Was he too hurt from the bitch to be able to be with someone else after the whole thing? Were they ever going to have a normal life, as normal as Castiel’s life was going to get? What was going to happen?
Castiel’s whole body seized up in a panic. His shoulders straightened up and his brain stuttered to a stop. But then his whole body unraveled and he reached for his phone. There was an unfamiliar number on his screen, with about five missed calls. He called back, and on the second ring, a familiar voice answered.
In a way, this was what was going to happen. Castiel was going to do whatever the fuck Dean was going to tell him to do. Even if Dean would tell him to go off and throw himself off a bridge, Castiel was going to ask
A couple of hours later, because he got an e-mail from one of his co-workers telling him to re-check a chapter quickly again, Dean was finally making his way through the doors’ of the bar. It was packed, but not in a claustrophobic way. He took out his jacket and draped it over his arm, and tried to spot the familiar head, but he couldn’t find him yet. The safest thing to do right now, to not look like an outsider, was to make his way to the bar and order him a drink.
Castiel pulled back slightly, but Dean continued to pepper his lips with kisses, and moved down his kisses to his neck. “Please, oh fuck right there, please tell me we can do something because I need to do something to you.
In blind rage, he clutched her to his chest, and aimed his gun at Alastair. The man in question, lifted his arm to shoot, but Castiel was faster. He pulled the trigger, more than once. He shot at Alastair’s head, shoulder, chest, arm, legs, and more and more places. He made sure to aim to kill, his arm unwavering. He simply poured his bullets in that body of the man that killed a child, that killed his brother, and his family. The man who was so heartless that he simply never thought about any of the consequences of his actions.
“Sorry,” Dean’s voice sounded hoarse to him. He cleared his throat and dried again, licking at his lower lip, “I’m sorry. I just… All of these stuff that you told me… It was just… I guess it was overwhelming. I didn’t know I was going to react this way, and I’m really sorry.”
“Thank you,” Castiel shook his hand quickly and turned to leave, but Kevin held on to his arm to stop him. Castiel looked at him.
Seeing Dean with another person was something that Castiel could never forget. It was something he realized he could never be able to stomach, even if he were in his death bed. It would always leave a bad taste in his mouth. And what was even worse; he was with Amara. That made him sober up for now and he turned onto his back, and stared at the ceiling in silence.
It didn't take long for Castiel to get to Gabriel's club. It was packed, just like any other night, but Castiel made his way through the crowd easily. His cronies made sure that there wasn't anyone on his way to the bar, which was a blessing because Castiel needed to get alcohol in his system. But he didn't stop by the bar. Instead he went around it and pressed the button to the elevator. He stepped inside, alone, and pressed the button to the basement. Gabriel had texted him to go down to the basement instead up.
“Yes, sir,” Dean breathed out in a gasp. Not only his muscles stretched in a way that hadn't been used for years now, and he welcomed the pleasant feeling, but also the plug was giving him another sort of feeling that Dean welcomed even more.
“If you have nothing important to say, I don't see why you decided to interrupt my quiet night,” Dean glanced at Mr. Novak's face and noted how his face transformed from the softness to something sharp. The man started to speak to him in a language that Dean didn’t understand, but recognized as Russian. Dean pretty much tuned them out and his eyes refocused on Mr. Novak’s face. His lips were mesmerizing as he spoke back. There was a slight frown to his forehead, and he seemed to be tense. Whatever news that this man brought for him, didn’t seem to be a good news. Mr. Novak's eyes were ice cold, and sharp, assessing every little movement that the Brit did. Not for the first time, Dean knew that he was getting into something that was larger than him. But now, witnessing how easily the mask slipped into space, Dean confirmed that knowledge.
Castiel walked down the passageway, his steps echoing around the tunnel. At every few steps, there was a lightbulb, giving light to it from time to time. Castiel could feel himself getting colder and colder as he made his way further down. There wasn’t anyone else around. Which was unnerving for Castiel. It could only mean two things; they were all huddled up in one place at the end of the tunnel, or they didn’t care about this passageway.
It didn’t go unnoticed by Dean, when Castiel was going to make his way to Dean, he rested his hand over the boy’s shoulder, and he relaxed in his sit.
,” Mr. Novak shuddered as Dean dragged his teeth down his neck and to his shoulder. His hips bucked down and Dean gasped out, bowing his body down; wanting to feel it again, but not, at the same time. His senses were high wire and he wanted to feel
It was clearly taken in a nightclub, since the picture had, not only a blur to it, but it also was a bit more colorful. It showed Dean sitting on a couch and he was crouched over a table. There were visible white lines on the table in front of him and he had a straw in his hand. Castiel clenched his jaw in anger.
His men around the table looked at him. Next to him, he felt Crowley tense up. Castiel swallowed around the lump in his throat. “How do you know?” Crowley asked.
Something passed over Mr. Novak’s eyes that Dean couldn’t really identify. So he waited for Mr. Novak to speak. And waited some more. What felt like five minutes had passed, but it was only a minute probably, Mr. Novak sight and rubbed at his forehead. He didn’t put distance between them, but Dean could feel the small gap between them. Not liking it one bit, he took a step forward to have them flush against each other. Mr. Novak spared him a glance, but didn’t say anything.
“That’s a good enough answer,” Castiel said, lowering the arm that he held up on his leg first. “Thank you for this.” He hesitated for only a moment, before he pulled the trigger on the one that was held to the boy’s head. The boy only had a moment to draw in a sharp breath, before he slumped down and didn’t move.
Dean didn’t struggle; he knew it was a futile thing to do. So he just stood there, motionless, his hands by his sides and waited for Mr. Novak to release him.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean replied. His voice sounded weird. Deep. Hesitant. “How long have you been standing there?”
“I’m fine,” Castiel insisted, but there was something heavy in his chest that seemed to grow and press in on his solar plexus, making it a bit harder for him to breathe.
After they were done with their… reunion, Mr. Novak said he wanted to show him something. That something turned into Mr. Novak wearing his boots, and asking Dean if he was okay with getting his clothes a bit dirty. Since Dean didn’t dress up, just a T-shirt and jeans, he shrugged and said okay. Soon, Mr. Novak was holding his hand and dragging him out of the mansion, out on to the gardens, and walking straight to the edge of the forest. When Dean realized where they were going, he planted his feet firmly in the grass, crossed his arms over his chest and refused to budge.
Mr. Novak pulled back and Dean fluttered his eyes open. Novak's lips were red and slick with split, other than that he seemed to be unaffected. Whereas Dean felt like he just ran a marathon, his cheeks were aflame, and his lips burned.
“Kayla, please,” Mr. Novak’s voice was gravely and had an edge to it that stopped Kayla’s next words. She seemed to be trying hard to rein herself in as much as she could. “It wasn’t your fault. You didn’t notice their feet. Perfectly understandable.”
Castiel was getting drunk. He never got drunk. It took him a while to get truly, point blank drunk. Maybe the third bottle of whiskey would make him blank out now? He stood up, on a rather shaky legs. Maybe he sat for far too long that’s why he was so shaky. Could be it. And the room was spinning on its own. It wasn’t his head spinning. Nope.
“Don’t leave,” Castiel mumbled, his hand moving closer to Dean’s body. He seemed hesitant. So Dean met him halfway. He placed his hand over Castiel’s, just to hold his.
Castiel dropped his phone and pulled Dean closer to his body, trying to keep the man warm. “I got you,” Castiel whispered. “I got you, Dean. I’m never letting you go… I’m right here."
,” Dean moved his hands down to Mr. Novak’s shoulders; his skin was so smooth there. Mr. Novak let out broken noise, which he buried it in Dean’s lips. Their kiss was rough and Mr. Novak started to shake again. But it wasn’t from discomfort. It was from pleasure. Dean kissed him back with as much passion as he could muster up.
Castiel was glad he could hear Dean’s voice, and his lips curled up into a small smile. His face muscles ached from it, but he didn’t mind it one bit. If it meant that Dean would stop looking at him like that; with so much concern in his eyes, and worry, he would smile as much as he could.
“Is he okay?” Dean’s heart started to beat erratically in his chest. Was he shot? Was he dead? What happened? Was he in the hospital because he got in a fight?
“So,” Dean said, trying not to think of Mr. Novak’s hand on his back, rubbing soothing circles. “What’s all this?”
"Oh God," she said, her words muffled since she was covering her mouth with her hand. "Is that… is that what I think it is?"
Dean opened his mouth to ask him another question again, probably, but Castiel’s phone rang again and this time it was because of an email. Crowley had sent him an email which held a video. Feeling a bit unsettled, Castiel opened it up and waited for it to download so he could play it.
“Your Impala’s been a project for you since you were a teenager, yes?” Dean turned his eyes to look at Mr. Novak, and some more tension bled out of him. He was a silent supporter for Dean right now, and he appreciated it immensely.
So he got out of the car and walked to the building. He was glad that there wasn’t a code or anything on the door, so he simply pushed the front door open and walked inside. He looked down at the paper, and the apt number. He walked up the stairs and on the floor that Dean lived at. He slowly made his way to the door that his sub was living at and took a steadying deep breath. Now that he was here, his hands started to shake again. His breathing elevated and he felt like he needed to turn back around again. But he didn’t. because he knew he needed to see Dean first before he could leave for home again.
“No,” Dean groaned out. He tugged on his chains, but they wouldn’t budge. “No,” he whispered again just as he was gagged. He bit down on the cloth and tugged on his chains again. His skin started to burn from it, but he didn’t care.
Hours later, Castiel sat beside Dean’s bed. Lisa had left. Castiel didn’t get yelled at again. Mostly because Sam managed to separate them to the best of his abilities. He didn’t look at Castiel the rest of the time they were in the hospital.
started playing and Dean sat up straighter to look at them as they danced. She had a blinding smile on her face and Emilio looked like he was being constantly shot by the Cupid. Dean could feel the idiotic smile he had on his face but he didn’t care about it. He was happy for them. And he wasn’t ashamed to show it.
“If I tell you his name, I'm sure I'll be dead in the next minute,” Dean said as lightly as he could.
Soon enough, Mr. Novak grunted, tightening his hold around Dean, he moved out before he came. He took couple of steadying breaths, before he moved one of his hands and wrapped it around Dean's leaking dick. He moved his hand up and down his shaft and Dean shuddered, wanting nothing but to come like this. And then... “Come for me, Dean,” Novak grunted, his hands moving fast over his shaft. Dean came with a loud cry, his body shuddering.
“Sir… I think that shouldn’t be a reason for you to not keep me in the loop,” Dean said slowly. “I think that whatever you say to me, won’t change anything because once they find out about me, they won’t… they won’t keep their distance from me.”
His face was the best thing Castiel had ever seen for a long-long while. He had the best “O” face and Castiel was needy. He needed to see it again, and again, and make Dean come all over his body again. His breathing got quicker as he continued to stare at Dean’s sweaty face. What he’d give to bury his hands in Dean’s hair and just grab at it and pull and fuck into Dean’s body without a care in the world.
“You wanna talk about it? I swear, I’m a great listener, and even better secret keeper,” she laughed and shrugged her shoulders. “Even from my brother.”
Minutes later, Ray and Natalie came tumbling down the stairs. It was more of a slow walk, since Ray was taking one step at a time, and Natalie was holding on to his fur and from the railings at the same time. Ray was also a part of Natalie’s learning-how-to-walk journey. And he soon understood that this was a tiny human and she needed time to walk. Even though their visits started to get shorter and less often, Ray still recognized who she was and he was always gentle with her.
“Feels like couple of hours,” Dean mumbled. He closed his eyes and he seemed so tired, as if the couple of words he just said felt like running a marathon. “Hey, Cas?”
“In the woods?” Castiel asked, frowning. If she was found in the woods, that could only mean one thing. “Crowley, tell me what happened.”
“I believe that you don’t get to ask questions,” Alastair said and his voice was carrying an edge to it. Normally, that would’ve made Dean tense up. But not today.
Dean turned around and looked at him for a moment, and then he looked back down at the map. Maybe he was right. Maybe he shouldn’t be prying into Mr. Novak’s life. He wasn’t ready to enter into the crime scene, but…
“What do you mean? Are you telling me Gordon had this?” Dean frowned and looked at Castiel, his frown deepening. “Are you telling me Gordon ha-“
“I’m not done yet,” Alastair said. And this was when Castiel heard the muffled voice. He turned his head to his left side and gasped as he stood up on his shaking legs.
“As you prefer,” Castiel replied with a smile of his own. “Here,” Castiel turned around and one of his men gave him a black box. “I brought you an aged Sake. It has an exquisite taste to it.”
The waiter came with his order and placed it in front of him with a flourish. Castiel didn’t thank him, and the waiter didn’t wait for anything else. He left in the same fashion as before.
“Just, wait for me here,” Castiel said as he tugged on his suit, and shoulder passed Crowley. “Be ready for anything,” he said over his shoulder as he walked through the doors. The Maître d'hotel was waiting for him as he walked inside. He was a tall, thin man, with just a little too large ears, but he held himself composed.
with Dean. Which was something that Dean had done before, but from what he understood Mr. Novak never done it before. When he said he had done the act, he meant the sex part of it, where his dick was inside another person’s body. Not the
They got up to the fifth floor, and as the elevator stopped, Castiel let go off Dean’s hand as the doors opened. From the corner of his eyes he saw Dean’s hand twitch by his side, and pursed his lips. Castiel thought it was for the best if they walked up to Dean’s family in a civilized manner. He didn’t really care what they thought of him, but he’d rather keep his distance from them, then make Dean go through the awkward scene of telling them who Castiel was to him.
Castiel’s face turned into stone, his gaze turned cold, and his eyes were ice. His back straightened, and his hands tightened into fists. He was at the end of his wits. He needed to calm down before he’d have to kill the man. He needed to get the information out before he’d strike. There were at least five men in here. If he were fast enough, he’d take at least three of them. And he’d have to fight the other two. If they were good enough fighters.
Sam’s office was a small one, but it was nice looking; the walls were in beige color, and Sam decorated them with small paintings. He had plants on the windowsills and Dean didn’t know how he took care of them, while being so busy with work. The windows looked out to the city and the morning sunlight beautifully cascaded into his office.
Mr. Novak turned his head slightly to the side, their noses brushing against one another, and for a wild moment, Dean thought he was going to be kissed, but he merely stayed like that, in that position. And honestly, Dean didn’t complain at all. He just liked the close proximity of their bodies.
Dean held back a shudder as he registered the words; he was going to kill Gordon just because he was a threat to Dean. Well, it was probably the most single, hot and terrifying thing that anyone has ever done for Dean in his entire life. “Well then,” Dean cleared his throat as he spoke; it was rather high pitched. “That isn’t scary at all.”
“I’m sure he would have,” Castiel said, nodding. Even though his mind was another matter right now. If he had kept this a secret from Castiel, what else has he kept from him?
Charlie smiled at him, and reassured him that she was okay. Castiel pursed his lips for a moment, before nodding and turning around once more, and hooking her arm over his. They walked further in, and the people inside cleared the path for them. He hated receiving so much attention from everyone, but considering how they all, probably, thought he was dead, this was to be expected from them. A waiter walked up to them with flutes of champagne and Castiel took two glasses; one for him and one for Charlie.
Sam gathered his papers and slid out of the car and shut the door after him. The familiar squeaky noise his car made was soothing to Dean's nerves as he started up the car again to drive back home. He didn't have energy to go back to work. Just as Dean hit the red light his phone dinged with a message. He checked it and saw that it was a message from Gabriel. They had a meeting tomorrow. Dean took a steadying breath and drove back home, wanting nothing more to get there, clear his head and get ready for tomorrow.
“What do you mean?” Jessica asked. Dean could hear the frown in her voice, even without looking at her to see it on her face as well. “What happened, Dean?”
When Dean woke up in the morning he felt rested. Safe from his body being numb, and dull with a throbbing pain, his eyes felt like they were burning. But otherwise he felt fine. He was lying down on his side, blinking at the white unfamiliar wall of a bedroom he was sleeping at. Yesterday’s event came back to him slowly, but surely, and soon, he was sitting up in bed and thinking about how fucked up his life had become and how much he fucked up himself.
A shutter of a camera went off and he looked up to see Mr. Novak lowering his hand with his phone in his hand. Dean blushed and smiled at him, then looked down at the puppies on his lap. “They’re a great stress relievers, aren’t they?” Mr. Novak asked, shuffling and sitting closer to Dean than before. Some of them abandoned Dean to get into his lap.
Mr. Novak tightened his hold on Dean’s body and pulled him in closer. Dean’s heart started to beat down slower, but he was still shaking from the realization. He had to tell Mr. Novak everything, before it would be too late, but he couldn’t move his lips. He squeezed his eyes shut, bit down on his lower lip, and pulled Mr. Novak even more to him.
Soon the music started and the majority of the party started to dance to it. Dean’s face split up into a wide grin when he noticed that Anna was dancing away to the music as well, with her bridesmaids. Emilio was still sitting at their table, but he was staring at her with a fond gaze. It made something warm, in Dean’s chest, clench at the sight of these two. Their love looked pure.
Once they got in, the car started again and rode out of the gates in a minute. “Who was shot? What happened, exactly?” he asked Crowley as he grabbed his phone from his pocket. He fidgeted with it as he waited for Crowley to speak.
“They are. I can literally feel myself relaxing. Do you come out here often?” Dean asked, glancing at Mr. Novak for a moment, and then back at the puppies.
Castiel placed the ring on his right hand’s ring finger. He didn’t feel any different from what he felt from moments ago, but there was this sense of ease in his body and he started to breathe a bit more easily. There was this calmness that descended on him as he made his way out of the bedroom and walked down the stairs.
Lisa with the black hair, slightly tan skin, beautiful smile, and understanding eyes. She knew that Dean was broken and he was healing, but she never asked him about his past life. Introduced him to her son, Ben, and they became fast friends on their mutual love for classic rock and apple pie. And after that Dean's life was Lisa.
He hit the traffic in no time, and as he drove down the street, he noticed two black SVU's in his rearview mirror, following him. His men never left him alone, it seemed. Castiel sighed just as his phone dinged again with couple of more messages. Once he hit the red light, Castiel checked the messages.
“I don’t think I’ve ever felt this way about anyone in my entire life,” Dean told him, his voice a bit louder than a hiss. The words reverberated in the air between them. Dean’s shallow breathing louder than the thumping in Castiel’s ears.
“It’s to look younger than I do. I don’t want to look like an old coot. I’m not that old,” Mr. Novak said, sounding defensive.
“Yes… Julie got to her,” Castiel said, feeling a bit hesitant with admitting about how they found her.
“Thank you for reminding me of that,” Alastair said and Castiel really tried not to shiver. He really was going to combust at any given time. This man was crazy, but he looked so calm at the same time. It was unnerving. “Now, little girl,” Alastair said, turning his back to Castiel. His arm moved with his turning, but Castiel didn’t pay too much attention to the movement. He was too busy thinking of something.
He closed his eyes and rested his head against the wall. He was screwed. Amara was definitely going to kill him after this. But… it would be worth it.
“He wouldn’t introduce you to us if he wasn’t interested in you in more than one way,” she said softly, her hands squeezing his in a tight grip.
His life had always been complicated since he was a child. His mother died when he was young, his father died because of alcohol consumption. Then he started to whore himself out for Sam, and never gotten the chance to make something out of himself. After that he got married, and made a small family for himself and that turned around to bite him in the ass. Now, he was an escort for a Mafioso. He had fucked up way too many times and he still managed to come out of it alright. This time, he fucked up real bad and almost lost his daughter, but he was glad that she was still part of his life.
wasn’t far off from where they were. But his driver took the longer route to get there for safety. Castiel tried not to choke him with his bare hands. He just sat there and tapped his foot restlessly. Finally,
“Clean up your mess first, and then you gotta take care of me,” Castiel said. Dean nodded and he leaned forward and lapped at the mess he had made. Castiel liked how thorough Dean was with it, with long stripes of his tongue and slurping at bigger places. When he was done, he sat back and eyed Castiel’s erection. Castiel quickly unzipped himself and shoved his jeans down a bit. When he sat back down, he directed Dean’s head to his lap and guided his dick into Dean’s mouth.
Dean stared at him, and for the first time during the day, Dean’s eyes weren’t filled with hatred, but more of softness and undeniable trust. Castiel breathed out easily, and he reached his hand out to get the gun from Dean. And the next thing Castiel knew, he was hugging Dean close to his chest with only his one arm wrapped around Dean’s shoulder. Dean took a shaky breath, but he didn’t release his hold on Castiel.
“Can I go in like this? Do you think you can take it?” Mr. Novak whispered into the darkness, and his voice was a low growl which made Dean shiver again.
have I done to any of them to be treated in such way?” Mr. Novak growled, in anger and hurt. “I don’t know how… and why. I just… I can’t even wrap my head around it. How can they, any of them, do this to me? Have I been too kind to them? Too nice? Is this my repayment for being the person that I am today? For not being an ass to any of them? For not being rough or brutal, or-or even aggressive? Abusive? To any of them? What have I done wrong to be treated in such way, Dean?”
“Oh, uhm he is in the library. Go down the stairs and turn right down the hallway. The library is at the end of the hallway.”
Dean had to remind himself to breathe because Mr. Novak looked too good like this. His face was relaxed, a big smile featured on his face, and his eyes… well, Dean couldn’t stop himself from being mesmerized by them, over and over again.
Castiel didn’t eat. Even when Anna made him his favorite food, he didn’t touch it. Didn’t even gave to its temptation. The only thing he could do was shower, and sometimes change his clothes. But he didn’t cut his hair, or shave. There was a constant stubble on Castiel’s face. He ran his fingers through them and then snatched his hand away from his face, as if burnt. It reminded him of the way it felt when he touched Dean’s face.
“Lor-“ Castiel frowned, but he was silenced as she said, “Well, I’ll go to bed now. Good night!” She hugged Dean again, and he returned it. And then she went to her bedroom, shutting the door after her. Castiel looked after her, at the closed door, a warm feeling in his chest. Lost in thought, he hadn’t realized that he was being dragged to the doors in the hallway, and Dean was asking him something.
Lucifer's eyes grew colder, if it was possible, and he said in a low voice, “Do not threaten me, brother. Do not drag them into this.” A vein jumped in his temple, and Castiel knew he hit the right mark.
But then, Dean turned his head and looked at Castiel; his lips parted as he let out a choked off sound and without warning he streaked white cum all over his chest. He was a shuddering mess, crumbling all over Castiel’s desk. His ass muscles were squeezing down, hard, on Castiel’s dick, and seconds later, Castiel spilled himself inside Dean with a barely concealed cry.
He looked a bit ruffled and Castiel didn’t want to ask what he had been up to, since he could clearly see it. His lips curled up and he grimaced at him, but Balthazar just gave him a cocky smile. Castiel took a sip of his drink and asked.
Castiel usually spent his time in the greenhouse. He had hired gardeners, of course, to take care of the plants and the trees on the ground. But there is a small corner at the front where Castiel kept his flowers.
Once they got back to the house, and Dean silently followed Mr. Novak up to his bedroom, his curiosity and anxiety for the silence was through the roof. His hands were starting to shake from it all, but he kept his mouth shut, until they were inside, and the door was safely closed after him.
“Mhmm,” hummed Balthazar. He leaned back and lazily thumbed through his phone. “Everything we had on him is there, till today. I asked the boys to keep an eye on him.”
His men all turned around to face him, but Castiel didn’t tear his eyes away from the map and some papers that Dean had no idea what they held. He saw Castiel clench his jaw, but only minutely, before he mumbled, “Not now, Dean.”
“Then why are you treating me this way?” Dean asked him again, his voice a bit rougher around the edges. “I did nothing wrong. I did everything you asked me to.”
“For putting you in this…situation. For leaving you alone. For not thinking through this thoroughly,” Castiel said. He raised his head and looked at Dean, who turned around to look at him again. “I really am sorry, Dean. I never meant to hurt you this way. I wasn’t thinking straight when I suggested this… I hurt you.”
Mr. Novak stared into his eyes, and then he cupped Dean's face. He leaned forward and pressed their lips together into a soft kiss. Dean's lips parted as he felt just how tender Mr. Novak was being with him. They kept the kiss soft, it was just their lips, brushing up against one another. Even if Mr. Novak's hands were gripping his face tightly, he never made the kiss anything more. Dean rubbed his hands up and down Mr. Novak's legs, up to the top of his knees, and down to the calves and back again. The fabric of his pants felt smooth and nice under his hands.
“Yeah, like what?” Dean snapped. “I don't have a proper education. I can't sit in an office. I can do the dirty jobs well, but I don't make enough money. Sam, this way, I can set a limit to my payment. And if I get a good boss, a rich one who doesn't care about his money more than his pleasure, I can make it. I can take care of Natalie.”
“Dean!” He hugged her tight. She loved his sister-in-law so much. He was amazed how a woman like her could end up with someone like sloppy-Sammy, but here they were.
Dean moved his hand down and over Castiel’s hand on his chest. He didn’t try to grab on it, he placed it over Castiel’s hand. He tried to steady his breathing back to normal as he said, his voice serious, “I swear on my life, on everything I hold dear… I will never,
“-and I’m not about to break his trust like this. Not now. Not ever,” there was a finality to the way he spoke those words. He could detect the way she pulled in a sharp breath through her lips, and let it fall out of her mouth in a sharp exhale.
Castiel didn’t stay in the room for long, after Dean’s departure. Just long enough to get his breathing back to normal. He took steadying breaths and closed his eyes, counted to ten to calm down his racing heart. Once he was satisfied with his state, he walked to the door.
Dean continued to stare at him, and after a moment, he looked down and nodded. He stepped away from Castiel and walked off in the direction of Castiel's bedroom. Castiel took a deep and shuddering breath and tried not to think about how awkward and stretched their conversations had become. How bone-tiring it was to hold any sort of conversation with the man he loved. Shaking his head, he walked to his office and clicked the door shut after him.
Castiel left the diner and Crowley was quick to greet him. His eyes were full of concern, but he didn’t say anything as he took Castiel’s appearance. “Had fun?” he asked. “I think you didn’t need any sort of assistance there.”
“Go in and talk to him,” Balthazar said and Dean looked at him for a moment. He did actually look worried. And his voice was laced with desperation.
“Okay,” Dean said, his hands raised up in a placating way. Castiel blinked at him again. He noted that Dean was naked. Why was he naked?
“I…” Dean tried to say the words, but he couldn’t get them out in the open. It was easier for him to talk about it to Sam, because Sam was his brother. But Jessica was an angel that graced his brother’s, and by extension his life as well. “I can’t say the words out loud.”
Their hips eventually started to move in rhythm. Their hands clutching each other’s bodies closer and closer. It was getting hotter by the second in here, they panted into each other’s mouths, their sweating foreheads sliding against each other. Dean’s hands moved up to Mr. Novak’s neck and one of his hands’ glided down to his chest. He clutched at the shirt’s fabric, his other hand clutching at the nape of his neck, as their hips continued to move, grinding together.
Castiel levered himself on one of his hands while the other hand started to explore Dean’s chest. It was sweaty, yes, and it should’ve felt dirty, but Castiel loved the feeling. He kept on touching, squeezing at the fast on Dean’s waist, and then moving up to tweak Dean’s nipples in between his fingers. Then he moved his hand do Dean’s erection and started to roughly pump him with his brutal pace. With his other hand, he grabbed onto Dean’s waist and started to move faster.
Castiel had his head cradled in his hands. For the last five hours he had been staring at the papers that Balthazar had given him about every activity that involved Dean. And… it was a lot. It went all the way back to when they ended it. The files were thick with details about everything. Every hour of every day. Everything he had worn, eaten, and made calls to. The text messages. Even the ones that he had had with Sam were here. Castiel had placed that file far from him. He was not going to break that privacy between the brothers. He didn’t want to know about that.
He sat on the chair that would enable him to look up at the night’s sky, which was full of stars, and he dialed Mr. Novak’s number a second later. The phone rang in his ear and on the third ring, a gruff voice greeted him.
The doors opened and the smell of sex and alcohol was almost suffocating to Castiel. But he walked in with confident strides. “What the-“ The exclamation came from the blonde chick, who was only wearing her panties, her hands on the shoulders of the man sitting at the chair. A black haired girl could be seen under the desk.
Castiel stared at her scared face, half out of his head, when he grabbed a smaller gun and thrust it on her. “Aim at the person closest to you, and shoot. If you miss that’s fine. Just make sure they’re not family.”
Castiel ignored his remarks. He continued to walk to one of the cars. “I know where they are. I’m going after Dean. You,” Castiel said pointing at Crowley. “Take some men with you and go after Gordon.”
“I need to see him first,” he said in a voice that brooked no argument. The doctor hesitated but he nodded once.
“Other times it’ll leave you breathless,” Jessica finished for him, and he nodded. There was no other explanation for it; he did feel breathless when he was around Mr. Novak. “You care about him,” Jessica said. “Does he care about you?”
“We will get to the bottom of this sooner or later, Castiel. I cannot stand this type of behavior at my own birthplace.”
Castiel stopped breathing. And then he exhaled sharply and turned Dean around to face him. “Are you… what are you trying to say?”
Castiel draped himself over Dean’s body and gave him a hard kiss. He then continued down his body; he stopped to lick and suck on Dean’s nipples, earning him a loud cry, before he moved down. He paused when he reached Dean’s dick. Pulling back, he grabbed his chair and pushed it closer to the desk. He sat on and pulled himself closer to the desk. Once he was in a right position, he took Dean into his mouth, without hesitation. Dean let out a surprised cry and Castiel looked up to check Dean’s reaction. And it was an amazing sight to see. Dean’s eyes were blazing, his pupils were dilated with arousal, and his cheeks were red from it. His lips were parted as he panted out, and his blush was steadily spreading down his chest.
When they got into a part of town where the night clubs where at, Mr. Novak suggested they turn into another way. Dean nodded and they turned sharp right as another street opened up for them. When they were walking down here, the streets were slightly older than what they saw before. And it was a bit darker than the main streets. They’d been silent for the most part of the night, but neither of them felt the need to fill in the silence.
Dean nodded. They sat in silence for a bit longer, than Dean asked, out of curiosity, “Do you come here often?”
“Find me my brother. I will give you only 24 hours. If you won’t find him, I…” His jaw wobbled. He clenched his jaw and took a deep breath through his nose. He shoved Castiel against the wall, roughly, and then pulled back. Turning his back on Castiel, he walked to Castiel’s bedroom, stepped inside, and snapped the door shut after him.
Thank you all so much for your patience and understanding. It's been couple of rough weeks for me, but I'm slowly pulling through.
His legs were pushed up slightly, since the chains there were slightly looser. He started to writhe and wiggle, the chains clanging as he tried to move away and just to stop this whole thing, but he couldn’t. He was trapped.
His cheeks were still red, but they had an angrier tint to it. Castiel was becoming a pro at seeing the difference between his blushes. It was a disturbing thought, but he didn’t think about it much. Because when Dean walked back to him, he simply grabbed Castiel’s neck and pulled him close to his body and started to kiss him in earnest. Not wanting to change their roles, Castiel quickly got the reins back in his hands and started to kiss Dean back roughly. It seemed that this is what Dean wanted, and Castiel wasn’t going to disappoint. If it meant that Dean was going to have a blissful little smile on his face when they finished, then Castiel was going to do just that.
“You're gonna be dead, even before he comes here. So it's better if you confess that you stole from us, mate. He might spare your pathetic life,” Balthazar said as he leaned on his knees with his hands, to stare at their victim's face. He had done a great job, with this one. His face was nicely bruised, and bloody, and even if Balthazar squinted, he couldn't make out whose face it had belonged to.
Dean sighed and dropped whatever he had been holding in his hands and moved to the bed. Castiel lifted his hand and waited for Dean to grab it. Dean toed off his shoes first, and then he grabbed Castiel’s hand. When he did, Castiel pulled him up the bed and close to him. Dean laid down on top of him, with his clothes still on. He was a soothing height on top of Castiel.
Castiel rubbed his forehead as he sat at the end of a high table. There were men sitting on both sides of the table, six on each side. The end of the table was vacant, as they all waited for another man to join them so they could start. Castiel checked his phone again and it was getting close to waiting for him about fifteen minutes. Castiel stood up and made his way to the small bar by the wall and made himself a scotch. He needed to drink so as to calm his nerves down, before he blew up on-
Dean was back home after Christmas Eve. He was behind so much on his job that he didn’t leave his apartment for days. It was New Year’s Eve. He didn’t have any plans for the night. Most of his friends were out of town anyway, visiting their families. So he was home, with a half bottle of wine that he was slowly killing from weeks ago, and his laptop open in front of him. It was snowing outside again. He was wearing sweatpants, and fluffy socks, and a white sweater. His apartment was warm, but he loved feeling the softness of the fabric on his skin.
There was something about Dean though, when he saw him. There was sadness, and weariness coming from the man. He didn’t look like he was a happy person. He just looked…resigned. And what was that flinch about? When Castiel tried to touch him… Maybe he just didn’t want to be touched by Dean? But that couldn’t be true, right? Castiel closed his eyes. There was so much to think about, in so little time.
He sat there as she applied a gauze here and there. She then started to stitch up his more pressing wounds. She then started on his face, and Castiel could see
He felt Dean twitch by his side but he didn’t say anything. Castiel didn’t know if he liked the silent support, or if Dean would voice out how he was feeling about all of this. It was going to start to get more dangerous, and Castiel wouldn’t be surprised if Dean would walk out of it as soon as they’d go back to US.
His sentence was accepted with a loud, obnoxious laughter by the man, his new date, probably in her early twenties, tinkled at the comment by his side. Castiel was then clapped on his shoulder and he was left alone. He had wanted to make an anonymous donation, but then what was the point of it? Somehow they always found out who the anonymous person was. So he ended up writing the check on the stage, in front of everyone. He could hear the press photographing him as he signed the check, and the flashlights were starting to give him a headache, but he smiled through it all.
“I’m sorry if this wasn’t something that you were prepared to hear. Especially from me,” Sam said, and he did sound apologetic as he said it.
Balthazar stared at him for a moment before he sighed. “Ah, shit.” He walked to the bar and poured himself a tumblr of rom. He took a sip from his drink and said, “He’s back to the scene.”
“Calm down,” Castiel said. And for some reason, directing all of his care and concentration on Dean’s worry, was helping him to calm down. “I’m fine. It was a small explosive that went off as soon as the call ended.”
Dean’s shoulders moved up and down as he breathed in and out, trying to calm down. In the end, he asked in a small voice, “How?”
Dean hadn’t realized that he had started to chant these words, until Mr. Novak shushed him with a kiss and flipped them around. A bit of an adjustment and Dean was sitting up in Mr. Novak’s lap. He didn’t know where to put his hands, so he leaned forward and braced himself on his arms; which he placed on either side of Mr. Novak’s head.
“W-What?” Dean gasped out. He was starting to get hard again. Castiel’s mind was going blank by the second.
In this chapter we get to see some other sides of Castiel. This is the only heads up I can give without giving away stuff.
This place was gorgeous. High ceiling with eccentric accessories and beautifully architectural paintings on the walls were something that Castiel rated very high in his books. On a normal day he’d feel extremely at ease here, but now, his back was straight, his shoulders back, his head held high as he walked to the door and opened the doors.
“Mr. Novak, stop staring at my ass,” Dean said as he rolled back and shut the hood. He turned around and quirked up a brow at Castiel; to which Castiel answered with a smirk.
Castiel had his coat off, when they first came in to the apartment. So he was in his turtleneck and jeans. Dean’s eyes raked over his body, and Castiel’s inside stirred in interest. But… it would feel wrong to act on those feelings. Not right now. So he stood up from the bed and went to his wardrobe. “I’m going to use the bathroom and get changed there. I hope you’re okay with sleeping in the same bed, as me,” Castiel looked at Dean as he said this.
was heavily guarded from top to bottom, but Castiel had been staring at the map for so many weeks now, that he knew the secret passageways to the house by heart. They parked their cars away from the main road and the streets that definitely had people guarding them. Castiel and his men would take care of them later.
“You just be glad that he’s not here because you would’ve been dead even before you could’ve lifted your head to say anything, you piece of shit,” Balthazar said, while pushing the end of his gun at the man who was bound to the chair.
Dean gasped out, because he couldn’t make his lips work to form words. Instead, he lifted his hips up and helped Mr. Novak to take off his pants. Dean pushed himself up on the bed some more, and waited for Mr. Novak to come to bed again. The dark silhouette that Mr. Novak’s body made, made him look a bit more muscular than he actually was. Dean shivered when he heard Mr. Novak’s pants drop down on the floor. The bed dipped as Mr. Novak got on it, and he made his way up to Dean.
“Wait,” Dean moved fast to grab onto Castiel’s arm. The warmness that was radiating off of Dean’s skin was grounding for Castiel. He stopped, of course he would stop. There was something warm in his chest that he didn’t feel before. He got here for this. He needed to see Dean for this. To be able to think like a rationale human being. To be able to just be himself again. “Don’t go. Tell me what’s wrong?”
over and over again, but Castiel moved back from him. Not too far, but a bit, so that Dean could only feel his presence.
Dean looked down at Jessica’s toes now and pretended to be fascinated by the pedicure, and ignored the fact that he was nodding his head to her question. His cheeks were flaming from the embarrassment he felt. It wasn’t the fact that he did this job that made him feel this way. It was the fact that he was talking about it with Jessica. His brother’s wife. A very pregnant, and probably horny as hell, wife.
“Bathroom is the door next to mine. There’s an oil in a basket under the sink,” Dean said as he laid down on his stomach.
It's been two days since Samandriel's death, and today was his funeral. Dean had never been fond of funerals. Nobody was supposed to be fond of it. Not when Dean had to bury his parents at a younger age...
Few minutes later, Dean relaxed even more on him, his breathing started to slow down even more. He fell asleep in Castiel’s arms. At first Castiel didn’t know what to do. It wasn’t that he felt crushed to the chair and his legs were probably going to fall asleep if he wouldn’t be able to get up and stretch them. But then, he glanced to the other side of the office and saw that his couch wasn’t that far from where he was. He should be able to move them there.
“H-How would you know?” Castiel asked. The water was beating down his back, making the aching muscles relax.
He fell silent. His eyes were staring at the windows, to the black skies, but he couldn’t see anything beyond the images that were in his mind’s eyes. He couldn’t shake off his brother’s face as he hissed at him, the hatred that he’d seen in his eyes. The way he struggled for breath. And the way he stopped moving.
“None,” Castiel replied, recognizing him as one of the men who used to be on Dean’s former team. He should have never changed the gang. He should’ve left them as they were before. The other team was dust now. On Castiel’s orders.
“I don’t care!” Balthazar snapped. It made Alfie and Lora jump up. Castiel’s jaw ticked as Balthazar looked at him with rage in his eyes. “You’re just going to make things worse. My God, can you for one second think about your own men and not your boy toy.”
Dean nodded and they walked back to the bedroom. Castiel sat on the bed as Dean started to rummage through his drawers for underwear, pants and a t-shirt. He grabbed them and walked back to Castiel. He placed them by Castiel’s hip and took a step back. “Uh… I’m gonna go to the bathroom and get changed. You okay to do this yourself?”
Jessica leaned forward a bit, and placed her hand on his arm. “Dean, look at me,” she said in a gentle voice and he reluctantly looked at her. “Nothing you tell me is going to make me think badly about you. Nothing will make me look at you differently than I do now, or ten minutes ago, or after when you tell me. You got that?”
One afternoon they had taken Ray to Natalie’s grave and he had pawed at the ground, letting out whines and these pathetic sounds. It had broken Dean’s heart so much to hear them, and after that, Ray had never been the same. He had gotten quiet, and mellow, and he wasn’t like himself. Sam had worried about him being sick and they had taken him to the vet. The doctor said that he was going through a depressive episode and to just give him time to grieve through it.
“I’ll drink to that,” Castiel replied as he took a sip of his wine. His eyes never really left Dean’s throughout this conversation. Maybe it was the softness of the light in the kitchen, or maybe it was the alcohol, or maybe it was just the moment, but Dean felt that pull in his lower region.
“Everything alright, Mr. Novak?” Kevin’s concerned voice floated into his head and he snapped his eyes up. The younger man looked at him with a raised eyebrow. He did look genuinely concerned.
“Next, you’re going to hold him, because the others will be joining us soon,” Mr. Novak said as he passed Silver to Dean.
Crowley never looked so pale to him. He never looked so inhumane as he did at this moment. His face was unrecognizable. It was covered in blood. His eyes, it seemed, had been stabbed, or punched in, Castiel wasn’t sure. What he was sure about was the fact that he didn’t have eyes anymore. And he was most certainly dead.
He felt aroused just as sharply as he felt the stab in his heart earlier in the evening. “I want you,” he growled and with the sudden strength that came out of nowhere, he pulled Dean up to his bed.
“Don’t apologize,” Emilio said, with a flicker of his hand. “Just know that we are by your side no matter what, alright? Even when you get back to America, know that you have strong allies with us in here. We’ve got your back.”
All the way to the sky, Dean’s eyes were squeezed shut, his hands gripping the sides, and he was humming Metalica. If Mr. Novak found it weird, he didn’t say anything. Couple of times, Dean had peaked from underneath his eyelashes at Mr. Novak, to find him staring at Dean with a look of concern on his face. Dean had tried to give him a reassuring smile, but he was hundred percent sure that it looked more like a painful grimace, than anything else.
“I’m… I don’t want to hide from you. Not anymore.” And just like that, the coco in his mouth turned into ash, and his body seized up. This was out of nowhere. This was so out of nowhere that he didn’t know what to make of it. “But, I can’t exactly leave her.”
Castiel said so, and it looked like Dean wanted to press the issue, but Castiel was quick to say, “I’m tired. I want to sleep.”
It was taken from afar; There was Jess in a park, her hair up in a ponytail. She seemed to be helping two kids to make a snowman. It looked like the local park from where they lived, but he wasn’t sure.
“Castiel,” Dean said and Castiel had to close his eyes because of the emotions he was feeling when Dean said his name like that. Dean rested his forehead against Castiel’s. He took Castiel’s hands in his from his waist, and brought them up to his chest. Castiel could feel the steady rhythm of Dean’s heart thumping underneath his open palm. “Look at me. Please.”
Dean snorted and shook his head, “Old man,” he teased and Castiel pinched his ass. “Ow,” Dean said, a laughter bubbling out of him.
Dean couldn't think of any other word than beautiful to describe this house. The lanterns were huge in the hallways. The walls were white and had big paintings on them. Dean would bet his Baby that they were original works. Mr. Novak led him down the hallway and opened up the double doors to the dining room.
“Let’s get you cleaned up,” a short lady said with a hard face that looked eerily similar to Crowley’s. She had brown hair and dark brown eyes that seemed to bore into his eyes.
She chuckled, blood came out of her mouth as she did so, and shook her head. “You’re close, though.”
Dean was grabbed by his arms and off the floor in a flurry of fast motions. He then was placed over a hard surface, on his back. His arms and hands got chained to the surface, his legs spread apart and got chained too. Panic started to claw at Dean’s inside as he got chained up again.
Mr. Novak stood up and held out his hand for Dean to hold. Dean licked his lips and then stood up. He was still nervous about the fact that he was flying in a tube, up in the sky, anything could go wrong at any given time, but wrapping his fingers around Mr. Novak’s hand was the only thing that felt right at this moment.
“Do you want pancakes?” Dean asked him. His voice was gruff with sleep. His face was still unreadable. Castiel didn’t know if he were to say yes, or no. This wasn’t his space. And it was definitely not his time to stay.
“Julie? As in the Alpha Julie?” Dean asked, his eyebrows raised. Castiel nodded. “Oh,” Dean said in a small voice as his eyes ran all over Castiel’s face. “Who was it then?”
“I know how much you love these two combined together, Dean,” he said. “Let’s make you scream, shall we?”
“Okay, let me just,” Mr. Novak didn’t give him any warning as he quickly dipped his hand under his panties, and wrapped his hand around Dean’s dick. He started to jerk him off.
Sam snorted and said, "It wouldn't be right if you didn't." Castiel's lips twitched up into a half-smile. His facial muscles strained under the pressure. It felt almost like years had passed from his last smile.
He watched as a father helped his kid on the swing and started to push him on it. The kid cackled in glee and screeched as his father pushed him higher and higher. The kid’s laugh was a familiar sound to Dean and he gripped the go-to coffee cup in his hand a bit tighter.
“Y-yeah. He’s- yeah, I am,” he blabbered out, desperately trying to ignore the blush that was creeping up on his cheeks. He knew that he was starting to look like a blushing school girl, but he didn’t care. These people were intense and frightening, okay?
“I thought we were going to...” Dean whispered, looking around them and finding that he couldn't continue with his thoughts. Not with so many people around. So he opted for a discreet, “You know.”
Castiel shook his head and frowned down at the ground. He knew that it wasn’t sane. But he couldn’t do anything about it, now, could he? So he said nothing, and cleared his throat, and changed the subject back to the girls. She answered to his questions of course, trying to sound cheerful as best as she could, but there was something in her voice.
When they finished dinner, and most of the people retreated to their activities, Dean walked away from the table and to Castiel’s bedroom, clicking the door shut behind him. Castiel stared at the place that Dean was sitting moments ago. He felt conflicted by this whole day. First Dean was open and he shared what he knew about the secret offices and marked them down on the map. Next, he was quiet and reserved. He didn’t talk to Castiel much.
He felt Castiel’s release inside of him and knew that Castiel just finished inside of him. He had 5 seconds of panic, in his hazed mind, but he stopped caring, the minute he realized that Castiel was still fucking him through his release. He was making these small noises at the back of his throat, and Dean couldn’t open his eyes, but he knew that someday he’d want to see Castiel’s face.
It took all of Dean’s willpower to not lean forward and kiss the nape of his neck. He kept biting his lower lip whenever he’d feel the urge come up in him. He shook his head and grabbed a shot of tequila. Mr. Novak did the same and the drowned them in a heartbeat.
He jumped a bit as he felt a cold hand land on his shoulder and stirred him around. Dean still kept his eyes low and didn't dare to look up. Mr. Novak was standing close to him, no regard to personal space whatsoever. Dean's mind was running fast for him to catch even with one thought process, but then his heart short circuited when he felt warm lips on his own.
and that made him feel warm inside, and even worse about himself. How could he be so stupid to leave him like this when he promised not to do that at all?
“Yeah… yeah you said that,” Dean breathed out. He blinked couple of times, waiting with bated breath.
Mr. Novak aligned him and slowly made his way into Dean. It felt too dry, and it was hurting a bit, but Dean felt like he needed the stretch. He was too far gone to think of the consequences of his actions, but he honestly didn’t care right now. Dean pushed himself down on Mr. Novak’s dick, bracing himself on his thighs now. He threw his head back and cried out as his ass stretched out to accommodate Mr. Novak’s dick in him.
“He said a thing to me that my-my former dom used to tell me,” Dean said. He shook his head as he remembered, a ghost from his past, coming to him in the present. “I just need to take a shower. I feel dirty. I just need to-to clean myself up. I don’t even know how you can even touch me right now.” Dean tried to pull his hands away, but Mr. Novak pulled him close to his body. He released their hands and wrapped his arms around Dean.
“What do you-What do you wanna do?” Dean asked as they broke out for a breath. Mr. Novak started to unbutton his shirt. He didn’t answer Dean’s question, not yet. Instead, he dipped down and lapped at his exposed chest. He bit down at the meat on his sides, which made Dean yelp; not in pain, but in pleasure. Dean quickly shrugged off his shirt, just as Mr. Novak licked his way up Dean’s body; over his navel, chest, and neck and sneaking in his tongue into his mouth. Dean moaned and grabbed on to Mr. Novak’s neck to keep him in place.
“And you don’t happen to have a dashing looking young man who would want to come with you to this thing?” she said, raising her eyebrows at him, her voice a bit lower from before. Castiel looked at her, and raised his own eyebrows at her. She tilted her head towards the front seat, where Alfie was, and Castiel scrunched up his face.
It took him years to master the art of the poker face, or pleasure, to just keep his feelings off from his face because he was known to wear them on his sleeves for the world to see. He didn't want that. He didn't want for anyone to know how he felt. He stayed strong through the years of abuse that his father threw at him. He stayed strong for his little brother as he sent him off to get his dreams come true. And he was going to do it for his daughter. However long it would take him to achieve that.
“I could try, but then my mom would have my head, so…” Kevin said with a shrug and smile on his lips.
“Thank you,” said Dean, feeling warm inside. She seemed like a nice lady. She reminded Dean of his mom, and aunt Ellen, uncle Bobby's wife.
But once they got to their car and slid inside, Dean hesitantly rested his hand on Mr. Novak's thigh. The car's windows were tinted and the driver looked like an angry man who wouldn't even think about this after two seconds. And really, all of them must've known about Mr. Novak's sexuality by now... Right? Dean wasn't sure where they stood on the whole thing but for now, he was willing to take the risk, until Mr. Novak exclusively would tell him to not do such thing in public.
His own hurt and the need to hide himself from people had clouded his vision of doing his job right. And which also included to take care of his sub, and let his sub to take care of him as well.
He turned around to ask Lisa where her tablet was, when he saw her coming back out of the house with a Fuchsia-pink tablet in her hand. Dean eyed it with distaste and Lisa shook her head, with a smile on her face. She said, “Don’t ask. Maybe she’s going through a phase.”
Dean had agreed. Obviously he had, or he wouldn't have been sitting in here, with the papers in his hand. He had to take this with him to the mansion. Dean was still having a hard time wrapping his head around the fact that Mr. Novak owned a mansion. But then, considering that he was the boss of the Russian mob.
Dean pulled back a bit and levered himself on Castiel’s chest. He frowned at Castiel and tilted his head to the side. “In the woods?”
“I've got this covered, brother. You go home and rest. I'll call you in the morning,” Gabriel said in a monotonous voice, that Castiel didn't like. He didn't push Gabriel to speak about it, not now. He could be disappointed by this since Samandriel was a new recruit in his team. Castiel would have to talk to him about this in another time. Right now, he had to go back home.
The two men didn’t pay her attention. They were too busy staring at one another. There was a silent conversation going between them that Castiel had to put down the bowl in front of her. He made his way to Dean, his hands up in a placating way.
Dean sat there, staring at the screen, trying to make out what he was seeing. He blinked couple of times, as the screen flickered from one scene to another. There was a smoke coming out of a house, and the red banner with big white letters covering it, saying;
Mr. Novak gave him a smirk and pointed at the box on the small table by the armchair. Dean hadn’t noticed it at first, too preoccupied with the furniture and the colors. He made his way to it and picked up the box. He rolled his eyes as he saw the pink ribbon bow on top of it, and turned around to look at Mr. Novak. Dean blushed as he caught Mr. Novak’s eyes flickering up to his face, from his ass. “You were staring,” Dean pointed out, wiggling the box in his hand, trying to figure out what it was.
Dean didn’t even have it in him to get mad at her for kicking some girl’s leg for stealing the toy that she brought to the garden with her; he had missed her terrible. He’d give anything to have her around for the rest of his life.
“I think so. She never allows anyone touch her stuff in the kitchen, unless she gives you permission. But then you're Mr. Novak's, so I'm guessing she won't have a say in it,” she rambled on in a low voice to him and Dean followed her words with a slightly dumbfounded face.
Castiel felt addicted to Dean. Kissing Dean was the sweetest sin he has ever tasted. And he wanted to have more of this. To taste more of Dean. He wanted more time with Dean. Castiel pulled back long enough to move the tray and half empty mugs down to the floor.
As he switched the lights on, Castiel blinked couple of times to get used to the lights. Dean’s hair was hanging low on his forehead. He looked much younger like this. Dean gave him a small smile as he walked back to him, but his eyes still looked worried. Castiel swallowed, hard, as Dean ran his hand through his hair. Castiel closed his eyes as he felt Dean’s fingers massage his scalp. “I’ve never seen you like this…” Dean mumbled, his fingers moving through his hair, over and over again.
“Oh, you’re awake!” Meg came bustling in, with a tray in her hands. It had way too much stuff on them and Castiel wasn’t sure why it was for. “You,” she said to Castiel, as she placed her tray down on a table beside the bed. “Out. I need to examine him since he’s awake.”
Castiel let out the breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding back. His hands were shaking. His heart was hammering in his chest so fast he was sure that Alastair heard it. These people were his family. These people were Lucifer’s family.
“The time that he landed me in the hospital, Sam had already graduated and had a normal life and had a job, and Jess on his arm,” Dean said, remembering the whole thing vividly. “I was half-dead, and I don’t really know what Sam actually did, but he got all lawyer-y on the whole thing. He helped out. Got me into therapy. I got myself back up together. Met Lisa, got married, and then we just broke because she didn’t know about my past. Then she found out about it, and well… here I am.”
Mr. Novak's hands slid down from his face to his neck and then down his chest. He made an appreciative sound and smirked at Dean's chest, before his eyes practically undressed him on the way up to Dean's face. From this alone, Dean felt an interested stirring in his lower region.
“Yes, daddy. I’m so tall I can touch your shoulder. See?” she placed her hand on Dean’s shoulder and stood up on her tip toes. “See?”
Dean rubbed a hand at the back of his neck, a sheepish smile on his face. “Well, it never came up, Bobby,” he said with a tiny bit of whine in his voice.
His breath hitched in his throat. He was familiar with those words. He knew who said it to him the first time. And as they say, you can’t forget your first time. It didn’t matter what it was.
It took Castiel a moment to realize what was Dean talking about. He used drugs as a coping mechanism. Coping with the pain he not only emotionally went through, but also from the physical abuse he was getting from his former mistress.
“I’m okay, I guess, all things considered,” she replied with a small shrug and a smile. “How are you?”
Quick WARNING: a graphic character's death. I'm pretty sure that I'm going to get lots of angry reacts from it, but as they say shit happens...
It was almost midnight when he got a phone call. It had been a quiet affair, the Christmas dinner, just the three of them and baby Mark sleeping up in his crib. Dean had sat in the living room, on the couch, with Ray in his lap. He had fallen asleep by the lull of the tree’s lights and the fact that it was snowing outside. It was a beautiful and silent night.
Castiel had frowned down at the message, and then paled. Instantly, he knew who she meant. Julie sniffed at his hand, letting out a low growl in her chest. Castiel dropped his hand on top of her head, petting her fur, relaxing a bit as he felt the smoothness of it in between his fingers.
“Azazel?” Dean asked, feeling confused. There was a sick twist to his stomach. “I thought Azazel was their leader and Alastair was his right hand?”
Dean tried to relax, but he couldn’t. His skin was buzzing and he felt clammy, and he really just wanted to take a shower. “Please,” he whispered, finally finding his voice. “Please, just let me shower first.”
He quickly dried his face with the towel on the rack, ran his hands through his hair and left the bathroom, after checking his reflection and tugging on his shirt. He shut the door after him and turned to walk down the hall, when he heard a door being closed behind his back. Dean turned around and his heart started to beat faster in his chest.
Dean pulled back from the kiss and looked into his eyes; everything made him look good. Even the silver in his hair looked good. Dean lifted his hand started to brush Mr. Novak’s hair back. “I like the silver in your hair,” Dean murmured. Mr. Novak lifted his left brow; looking disgruntled. Dean hid a smile. “What? I like it.”
“I have to go,” Dean stood up and past by Castiel’s bench. Castiel stood up and started to fast walk after Dean.
Dean hesitated before saying, “I know that you know.” There was a pause, where they only heard their breathing through the phone, before Dean continued. “I know that you know I twigged out the story a bit, to save my personal life from entering this life. You had your people at the park. I know it, because I recognized the cars. And let me tell you, they don’t really know how to be stealthy.”
“He is. He so is,” there was a dreamy sigh from one of them. And Dean let himself smirk. “It’s another shame though.”
Dean was staring at his hands with a blank expression. Castiel was frozen in time, it seemed. This was so out of his comfort zone that he was unsure as to what he was supposed to do. He dropped his hands back onto his lap, and Dean’s eyes looked up into his. There was something in Dean’s eyes that Castiel didn’t know how to interpret. He opened his mouth to apologize-
On the front wall, there were poles that would keep Dean's legs separated. There was also one of Dean's favorites; it was a combination of his neck being cuffed to the pole and his arms being on either side of the pole.
Dean tried not to blush as a he stuttered out a reply. “Well, yeah. I mean... I-I don't know. I basically grew up in that garage... Uh… And I have always been around them, so...” he trailed off. He grabbed a glass of water and drank from it. He sounded like an idiot, and probably looked like one too.
“I was only joking when I said that,” she said with an embarrassed chuckle. But Dean didn’t buy it. He huffed out a laugh and shook his head.
Castiel didn’t answer, but he rocked back on his heels, looking right back at Dean. Their eyes seemed to seek each other out, because now they were staring right at each other and Castiel had to firmly ground himself in place so as to not move forward and kiss Dean silly.
There’s him, and Dean opened his eyes to look as Castiel moved out of him, his body shuddering from the sensation. Castiel took a deep breath and looked at Dean. He looked down his body and up, and then gave him a self-satisfied smile. Dean couldn’t help but return it.
“What’s wrong? Where did you disappear to?” he asked in a soft voice, and Dean spared him a glance. He quickly looked down because Mr. Novak’s eyes were filled with worry and concern. Dean knew that if he were to look into them, he would blurt out everything. And he would tell it in a way that wouldn’t make any sense.
There was an orange light in his vision and he realized that it was the nightstand’s light. It was turned on. And then there were warm hands on his cheeks. His vision cleared enough to recognize Dean’s face and he slapped his hands away, again, from him. He shuffled away from Dean.
Right now, Dean was standing frozen on the spot, hand fiddling with the papers that he brought in with him, eyes jumping from man to man in the room. He was blushing and, with a sudden lurch, Castiel realized that he knew just how low that blush went down.
He walked to her and cupped his cheek with one hand, while the other gripped her elbow. “It’s alright.”
“I’m fine,” Dean said, moving his hands forward and staggering to stand up. Castiel helped him up, and Dean squeezed his hand. “Really,” he said as he turned to look at Castiel. “I’m fine. This is nothing.”
They didn’t go to Dean’s place to put their stuff in there before hitting the park. Dean thought that if they went there, he would have a hard time to convince Natalie to leave. So, they left their stuff in the car as they hit the park.
“Am I?” Alastair sneered at him. “Am I really? You should see him. He looks so beautiful. All dolled up for me to use. Oh,” Alastair said, his face mocking. “I already used him.”
Dean looked around the hall, and then he went in the bathroom, tugging Castiel in after him. The door was barely locked behind them when he was pushed up against the wall.
“I don’t really know. I just wanted to go out and just walk around,” Dean said, as he looked around himself. He noticed some people looking at them, but they were just passing glances. Dean didn’t really notice how close they were walking together, when Mr. Novak’s hand brushed by his. He glanced down at his hand and looked up at Mr. Novak’s profile, and then looked forward.
Castiel looked down at the paper a moment longer than looked up at Mr. Thompson Jr.'s face. He looked wrinkled and old. In his eyes, Castiel could see that he was a kind man. He never really had close interactions with these people before, just making sure that his men were doing their jobs. He preferred it that way.
He moved to the other men, and they all declined to answer him. Castiel clenched his jaw and walked to the only man who was still alive. He looked so young, barely eighteen. Castiel swallowed around the dryness in his throat. “Tell me the truth, and I let you walk away,” Castiel said, pointing his gun at the cowering boy.
Sitting down on the close lid of the toilet, Castiel stared down at his hands and shook his head in disbelief. Castiel knew that he could be irrational and frantic when it came to making some decisions, but this was the stupidest thing he’d ever done for a long, long time.
Castiel shot once at one of the men who was the closest to him, grabbed his gun from his hands and shot two times in his head. He used the same gun to shoot at the others. He lost count at how many times he had shot from the same gun, but soon he was out of bullets. He didn’t let the disappointment crush him, because then he realized that they were three men left and they were looking at their own guns in surprise. All of them were heavily built and Castiel sighed in resignation; it was going to take him a bit longer to kick these assholes down. Although, Castiel was leaner and much faster than these heavy men. Castiel dully noted the blood on his shoes and pants. He sighed.
Before he could blurt out stuff that he would regret, he walked up to the bed and started to clean Dean up. The wet spot on the bed was so large that Castiel had to make Dean get off the bed so he could quickly change the bed sheets. This only made Dean sigh in annoyance, and as Castiel set up to work, he didn’t even have it in him to tell Dean off, as he started to hug  Castiel from behind and leave butterfly kissed at the nape of his neck.
Castiel gave him a deadpan look. He snatched the paper from Crowley’s hand and walked down the stairs, and out through the main doors. There was a car waiting for him with his chauffer waiting by the door. Castiel shook his head and said, “You’re dismissed for the night.”
“Don’t you think this is too much?” Castiel asked as he walked to the car waiting for him with the door open.
As Dean finally stood next to Castiel’s left side, looking thoroughly fucked, Castiel took pity on him and placed the remote in his pocket. He turned to Dean and placed a soft kiss on Dean’s forehead, and said, “I’m proud of you, baby boy. You’re doing so well. So well… You’re making me feel so satisfied and so happy, you know?”
They reached the bathroom and Dean walked a step forward from him to turn on the light. Castiel then walked inside and sat down on the closed lid of the toilet. Dean walked to the shower and fiddled with the temperature of the water. When he was satisfied by it, he walked back to Castiel and knelt before him. “Sir, you need to take a shower. It’ll be the best way to take care of this. What do I do now?”
is that I got almost attacked,” Castiel snapped at Crowley, his heart still hammering away in his chest.
“I don’t know,” Castiel replied. Deep down, he had his doubts; he knew that he had a bad luck. He didn’t know where it came from, but he knew that he had a bad luck. People he cared about always wound up hurt, or worse for wear.
“The cars are waiting for us. Shall we?” Mr. Novak said and Dean blinked back to reality. Mr. Novak helped him up and waited with Dean for his legs to come back to life. Dean wiggled his legs around a bit and looked up at him. He had an apologetic look to him, and asked in a soft voice, “You alright?”
Dean froze and his eyes flew up to see Mr. Novak staring right back into his. When he felt Mr. Novak's tongue trying to enter his mouth, Dean parted his lips and gave him easier access. At this, Mr. Novak's eyes fell shut, and tilted his head to the side to deepen the kiss. Dean had no other choice but to follow him.
“I think so…” Castiel frowned and ran his hand through Dean’s hair. He stared at the way Dean’s hair got through his fingers, and seemed to fall back to the way it had been before his fingers disturbed them. He kept at it for couple of minutes, deep in thought, while Dean continued to look at him. They didn’t say anything to one another, just relaxing deeper in each other’s presence…
Dean nodded his consent. Castiel looked so relieved that he actually closed his eyes as his lower lip started to wobble. Dean hesitated for only a second, before he stepped back into Castiel’s space and grabbed him into a tight hug. Castiel didn’t even think about it twice, he simply wrapped his arms around Dean and hang on to him tightly. His shoulders started to shake and Dean realized that he was trying to hold back his tears. Dean worked his jaw to prevent him from tearing up himself. He hugged Castiel closer to him and turned his head to the side to place a small kiss at the side of Castiel’s head.
Castiel made his way to him, trying to keep his breathing steady. He stopped when he was a bench away from Dean.
Dean chuckled and encouraged her into doing whatever she was doing in the backseat; which as it turned out, was to talk some more about her time at the kindergarten.
“I used to watch a lot of Food network with my mom, back in the day,” he said. “It was something that we used to do together. It just stuck on me, you know?”
His free hand pulled Dean’s ass cheek and panties to the side, while the other one, which was filled with cum, started to pump in and out of his ass. It felt uncomfortable, and too dry, but his body was sweating out so much that they were using it to this advantage. “A bit more,” Mr. Novak mumbled to him, placing another kiss to the side of his head, as Dean fell to his elbows, because it was starting to get too much for him.
Castiel didn't wait for a reply as he went to the living room, where Dean was napping. As Castiel approached, he noticed that Dean was covered in a fine sheen of sweat. On top of everything else that was happening, Dean was starting to get a withdrawal from not using drugs so much these days. He told Castiel he wasn't an addict, and it wouldn't take him long to get over it, but the side-effects that he was having were telling him a different story.
It felt amazing. Their bed was steadily getting wet from their sweat, and they haven’t even started to have sex. This was just a foreplay, and as much as Dean wanted to drag this out, he also wanted Mr. Novak’s dick inside him.
And he couldn’t do anything. His mouth didn’t cooperate with his thoughts, with his feelings. So he just stood there, and looked at Dean, who sniffed and lifted his free hand and wiped at his eyes angrily. “Right,” Dean said, gruffly. He waved the envelope a bit, placed it at the table beside them, and walked away from Castiel. Who didn’t do anything to stop him.
When they rolled the casket down to the ground, Mr. Novak let out a heavy sigh and turned to leave. Dean followed him again, and the men that accompanied them here, followed them back to the cars.
“Yes. Of course I'm not going to want you to be engaged with me all the time, but I'd like it if you were always at my beck and call, so to speak.”
“Hmm,” Castiel said on the matter. “Have they spoke any words about why we are getting the wrong orders?” the last part was said by him raising his voice slightly.
There’s another email, and Castiel quickly downloaded the video to watch. It’s in the similar setting, only this time, the footage has more action. There are people coming in from the outside. There’s an open fire at everyone that has been dining there. Castiel felt like his heart was going to burst out of his chest.
“Sit up,” Mr. Novak said in a husky voice and Dean complied with the request. He sat up and helped Mr. Novak to take his shirt off. Once it was off, they started to kiss again. Their lips danced together in a lustful haze. Dean quickly got desperate for more. For more skin, and touching, and grinding, and his hands moved to Mr. Novak’s shirt when he was stopped. “Don’t.”
“I do. And I will, sir. Now,” Dean said as he took a step back. His dick hung heavy between his legs. It was still red and looked painfully hard, and Castiel resisted the urge to touch him. “You have to leave. Because if you won’t, my willpower will fail me, and well…” Dean didn’t need to continue with this thought, since Castiel understood what he meant.
was playing and Dean turned the volume up a bit. He needed to calm his nerves down some more before he would get there. 30 minutes later he slowed down his car in front of iron gates and hit the buzzer on the intercom. It beeped to let him in. He drove his car down the beautiful lane. On both sides of the lane, there were bushes of red roses, behind them, there were tall trees. Dean was impressed by it. He turned his eyes back on the road ahead and he couldn't help the small gasp that left his parted lips.
It was a depressing thought and something that would make any sane person to try and shake him awake and away from such feelings, but such was the life he was living these days, or for the last 7 years.
Dean nodded at him, and he hesitated for a moment before he said, “Be careful, okay? This stunt that you just pulled right now… it won’t go unnoticed by…her.”
, Mr. Novak,” Dean couldn’t keep out the bite from his voice. He shrugged his shoulders, and said bluntly; “That’s selfish of you, just FYI.”
Dean hopped out of bed and went to the bathroom to take a quick shower. Once he was thoroughly cleaned up and done, he dried himself up with a towel and went in search for something light to wear. It was a hot night. He finally decided on jeans and a white loose shirt, with the couple of buttons on his chest open, and the sleeves rolled up. He styled up his hair quickly, grabbed his phone and left the house in record time. The car was already waiting for him. Another car was right behind his. Dean sort of felt weird for being treated this way, and he had a half a mind to tell Mr. Novak to cut this out, but then he remembered the way he looked today when they were arguing and just sighed. He shook his head and got in the car. As soon as he was seated, his chauffer drove the car into the city.
Dean placed the towel close to the shower and he got underneath the hot stream of water. He didn't take long there, but he did a thorough cleaning of his body. He looked down at his, now, fully hard dick, he sighed and silently sent a prayer. Dean needed to keep himself under control until it was time. He turned the water from hot to cold and he stood there for a couple of seconds. It helped him sooth down his heated body. Once it was getting unbearable to stand under the spray, he shut off the water and got out. Grabbing the towel, he wrapped it around his waist, and walked out of the bathroom. He walked back to his bag and rummaged through it for a moment. He found a clean pair of underwear, his gray khakis and a black Henley shirt. Quickly drying himself up with his towel, he got dressed. His opted for sneakers, instead of his boots today. He threw a light cologne on him, and deemed himself presentable enough to leave his bedroom.
Castiel saw the manager looking anxiously at him from her place by the bar, but she didn’t make a move. It was like she knew what was happening, but she didn’t want to be in the way, it seemed. Castiel noticed her swallowing, and then she looked down at her computer screen.
He had shaved that morning, and his skin looked smooth to the touch. Dean had felt how smooth it was underneath his skin, but right now, he wanted to touch his face. This close and under the daylight, Dean could see how tired Mr. Novak actually looked and how old he was. There were laugh lines around his eyes, a permanent wrinkle between his eyebrows. His forehead had worry lines. The gray in his hair was a bit more prominent now, but Dean had never seen such a beautiful man in his life. Probably ever. His lips looked slightly chapped and dry, and Dean fought down the urge to move forward and kiss them, to make them shiny again. He licked his own lips and it seemed that it drew Mr. Novak’s attention to them, because his eyes flicked to them, and then back down at his hands as he worked on his seatbelt.
Mr. Novak nodded and said, “Precisely. They know how I am like when I’m with my family. They know what I’m like when they mess with any of my family members…” Mr. Novak licked his lips, took a deep breath and continued, “I haven’t done much… About Samandriel’s death, I mean. I haven’t confronted any of them, personally. I have, of course, sent them a message, but… there’s something big that is going to happen in the near future. And I wouldn’t want for you to be a part of that.”
Castiel pulled back enough to help Dean up the counter again before he took him back in his mouth to suck on him even more enthusiastically. Dean knew how loud he could get, and how many of his last partners have told him he was
Mr. Novak looked at him and then back at his book. “That’s a good idea,” he said. They were quiet after that for some time. Dean was texting with Jess, back and forth, letting them know he was okay and he was having a good first day. He received several images of their son. He sat up in bed as he stared at them again, a big smile breaking over his face.
doing, Dean?” Castiel snapped at him. “What have you been doing? Drinking beer into the night? Spending hours on cars that don’t need to be fixed?”
And Castiel knew, for a fact, that whether Dean wanted to have that type of relationship or not, Castiel would still want to have Dean in his life, no matter what. So he just leaned forward and pressed his lips at the top of Dean’s head, and they stayed like that for a while, until Dean was ready to show Castiel his body.
He was tired. A week of staring at the map, trying to figure out when it was going to happen, or how, was taking its toll on him. A blessed distraction from this fuckery was Dean. Even though he kept a respectful distance from this, he was still worried about Castiel. He was at work right now; having to work at the garage with his uncle had its perks. Dean could leave and come home to Castiel any time he wanted. But Castiel needed him away for now, so he could concentrate on this.
And then Dean’s arms were there again, and this time, Dean didn’t hesitate to pull him close to his chest. This time, Dean’s hand ran through his hair, over and over again. Until Castiel melted against his chest even more, turned his head to the side, and ignored the dampness in his eyes. It didn’t take him long to fall asleep, but before he did, he felt Dean let out a shuddering breath, and then his lips brushed up against Castiel’s forehead in a soft kiss.
Castiel read and re-read the addresses and tried to calm his erratically beating heart. In two and a half months, Alastair was going to bomb the cities. According to Lucifer, these were the locations for the said bombings. He trusted his brother with this information, because Lucifer never lied to him. Castiel had threatened him more than once what would happen if he were to betray Castiel. He went over the list again.
“How did you…” she shook her head. “I’m not even gonna ask. Fine. I will text you tomorrow when I calculate everything.”
Dean closed his eyes as his lips curled up into a smile, a huff of air leaving through his nose. “To be fair, I’ve had some ladies in the past who were into it, and they knew what they were doing. No disrespect to you, ladies, but with a man it’s different…”
“Would you like a drink?” Dean asked, from behind him. He was far from him, but his voice sounded so close.
Dean only spoke once or twice, but he mainly poked around his food. It seemed that he didn’t have an appetite. Castiel wanted nothing more to reach out and touch his hand, but he didn’t. Even though they had touched yesterday, and Dean seemed that he was okay with that sort of touching, Castiel didn’t want to push his luck.
“You mean Natalie?” the kid asked, waiting for Dean’s nod. “She went off with some lady, sir. I don’t know who she was though. Because she didn’t look like Natalie, and Natalie didn’t even say ‘mom’ when she saw her.”
The mansion was huge. Two story tall, modern style that had floor to ceiling windows. Dean couldn't wait to see what the inside looked like. He stopped his car in front of the front door and got out. There was already a valet waiting for him. Did people actually have valets? It seemed like Mr. Novak had them.
Sam of course tried to tell Castiel to leave, but obviously Castiel didn’t listen to him. Not one bit. That’s why he sat beside Dean’s bed and didn’t move at all. The machine kept beeping. The oxygen tank kept hissing with Dean’s breathing. The doctors kept coming in and out of the room, checking and re-checking everything they could get their hands on. His blood pressure was high again, and Meg came in and gave him a shot. It turned the pressure down considerably.
“Okay...” trailed off Dean, his eyes calculating and moving around his face, restless. He seemed to be nervous, questions wanting to leave his lips, but he was holding back. It wasn't his place to ask. But then, Castiel was sure if Dean were to ask him about it, he would tell him the truth. Not all of it, but some of it. He would let Dean figure it all out for himself. “Just... be careful, okay?”
Dean glanced at the crowd, at the bodies grinding against one another, sweating, and full of lust. Dean turned his head back to Gabriel and said.
Next one was a toddler. A girl, just starting to walk around the house. Her curly hair, used to be ginger, like her mothers’ were when she was a baby herself, it was now coated with blood. Her whole body was slashed open. But she still had her hands on her belly. A white rose underneath her hands.
In the hospital, away from the meeting, a man wearing nurse clothes walked inside a room that held a young looking man, in his early twenties. He was fast asleep, the heart monitor a steady sound in the room. The man approached the bed cautiously and grabbed the IV line. He took out the syringe from his pocket, and pushed the contents into the IV fluid.
Dean went to get his phone from the kitchen and checked the messages. It was Castiel again, giving him the address to the bar and the time for the party. It was 3 blocks away from his place, so Dean just sent him a thumbs-up and finished getting ready.
Castiel hesitated and looked at Dean, really looked at him. He looked just as exhausted as Castiel felt. There were bags underneath his eyes. There were frown lines on his forehead that Castiel hasn't seen before. "Yeah," he finally replied but didn't elaborate.
Lucifer licked his lips and slumped back down in his chair. He chuckled and shook his head, “You were always a dirty fucker, weren't you Castiel?” He ran a hand through his hair and exhaled. “Four months from now, there's going to be loud music playing through the town. Fireworks will glow in the sky. It will be very hot to leave the house. If you know what I mean.”
Dean’s eyes flew open, and he pulled back a bit to look at Mr. Novak. “Has there been any mishaps before?”
. Castiel had no idea how this man managed to get a seat reservation for them there, but dinner was at 7.
Castiel’s hands were resting on his thighs, before he slid them up to his waist and pulled him close for a hug. “Samandriel is dead.” Dean froze. And then slowly he tried to pull back to look at Castiel, but Castiel tightened his hold on his waist. Dean stopped moving, and then Castiel said in a hesitant voice, “I just needed not to be alone right now.”
He ran his right hand through his graying hair and got more comfortable on the couch. He stayed there for hours until the thick black clouds turned into a lighter shades of grey. It didn’t stop raining.
“Our limits, which can be negotiable, of course. And what I said, that if something happened to me, you'll take full responsibility for it.”
Dean touched his lips as they started to walk down the street. Mr. Novak was wearing khaki beige pants, and a white shirt as well, with the sleeves rolled up and couple of buttons loose. He was at ease, and even if the meeting was an important one, it wasn’t one that required for him to wear a suit and be presentable.
Castiel worked his jaw, and his hand twitched. As if he wanted to reach for something, anything, to hold in his hand. Maybe a gun, who knew…
and stood up fully. Dean pried his eyes open and looked at Castiel. His lips were red and wet, his cheeks flaming, his hair a mess from Dean’s fingers, but his eyes were dark, a blue ring around them, full of lust, and piercing as they looked into Dean’s eyes. “Don’t hold back,” Castiel whispered to him, gruffly. His voice had gone lower if it were possible. And Dean shuddered as he heard him speak.
“He’s sent a warning message to Mr. Novak, though,” Alfie mentioned helpfully. Balthazar just gave him a blank look.
Castiel Novak sat by the edge of the bed, with his right leg hooked up on the bed, his right arm resting on it. His left hand was resting over his left hand. And he was staring right at Dean.
“I might,” Dean said, eyes narrowing at Mr. Novak. He wasn’t really upset for Mr. Novak going through his stuff, because, well, the box that was in his bedroom had nothing but sex toys inside. Dean wasn’t ashamed of the fact that he liked his toys being colorful.
Castiel was an ass. He knew it. He shouldn’t have done this, but he had no other choice but to make sure that Dean was safe for now. He needed to make sure that he was still alive. More people were dropping dead and Dean could’ve been one of them. But he was here. And Castiel’s men were surrounding the park tightly; a small something out of place and they’d be on it in a second. Castiel wanted to trust his men that they’d have his back. He took one more look at Dean, before he flicked his finger up and his chauffeur drove the car away from the park.
He closed his eyes and took a deep steadying breath, letting the smell of the hospital go through his system. But he coughed, because the smell of blood on him was far too strong.
Castiel’s hand was on a door handle of the said room, when Crowley asked him that. “None of your business as to how I wanna speak to him.” Castiel didn’t wait for an answer. He simply opened the door and walked in. He made his way to the drawers where he kept his canes. He also had purchased a cane which could be extended, if he needed it to. So grabbed it and placed it in his pocket. Would he need cufflinks? He thought about it for a second, before he grabbed a pair and placed it in his pocket too.
“The day I will start talking in Russian, I’ll be 7 feet down the ground, sir,” Balthazar said. Castiel chuckled and shook his head. “Besides, he only spoke in Russian when he saw you.”
Castiel jumped in his skin at the sudden voice from the door. Dean was leaning on the doorframe, his arms crossed over his bare chest. He only had his boxers back on, and his hair was all over the place.
Natalie was staring at Alastair with a blank expression. Even though Castiel knew that she was only 5 years old, and wouldn’t really remember any of this, he still didn’t want to have this conversation in front of her.
“I’m sure that one of us is going to come at the top. Whether it’s going to be you, or me, one of us is going to have to lose,” Castiel replied, trying to really keep his voice down and even.
He didn’t walk further in the bedroom. He stopped by the door and waited for Mr. Novak to acknowledge him. He licked his lips and crossed his arms over his chest. He leaned back against the door, looked as Mr. Novak drove a hole on the carpet as he paced, and waited.
“Oh, am I allowed now?” Dean fought down the urge to stick out his tongue. But he did role his eyes as he stepped out of the car. “Hello,” he said as he bumped into Mr. Novak. He smelled of smoke and he looked a bit tired, but he still had a smile on his face that looked pleased. So maybe the meeting was successful. Just then, right in the middle of an open street, Mr. Novak leaned forward and kissed him on the lips. Dean closed his eyes and enjoyed the small kiss for a bit, before they pulled back.
He moaned around it and with a surprise, he realized that he couldn’t taste the latex from a condom. It made him moan louder around it, and he started to lick and suck on it from this position, as much as he could. Mr. Novak growled and grabbed on to his hair and tugged his head back in a way he wanted. And then he was fucking into his mouth with hard fast thrusts.
Alice’s pictures were gruesome. She was almost unrecognizable in them, but she did have her maid outfit on, and there was the Novak family’s crest, as a tattoo, on her thigh. It was her. Castiel felt sad, but he didn’t let it to consume him enough to feel bad about her demise. He just felt sad that after everything that he had done for her, to get out of a bad relationship with her boyfriend who beat her up at every given chance, to leave her house that was a toxic environment for her… she turned out to be a spy for Alastair.
“Dean,” Sam released a sigh of relief, and Dean held the phone a bit tighter. “Are you alright? Haven't heard from you for a while.”
He jumped in surprise when Dean enveloped him in a hug. He stood there, frozen, his eyes trained at the door. Slowly, he lifted his arms up and wrapped them around Dean. He felt puzzled and bewildered by the sudden display of affection, but he was going to soak himself in it, and hold on as much as he could.
Confessing this, though, left him vulnerable. It was only Sam, his little brother, yes, but he didn't... it wasn't fair for Dean's emotions and feelings. Knowing that someone out there knew about what they enjoyed doing, what gave them pleasure.
“And look at where that 'good reason' got me,” he said, turning his head to look at his brother. He looked worried, and slightly pissed off. “And before you start bitching about it, let me remind you that I managed to pay your tuition when our dear ol' dad decided to give himself up for alcohol and died in the process.”
There was an eerie silence at the end of the call, and Dean pulled his phone back from his ear to check and see, - yup.  They were still on an ongoing phone call. “Uh… Mr. Novak?”
“Okay,” Dean said nodding, understanding. “Okay.” He stood up and started to take off his clothes. Castiel frowned in confusion and stared at him.
“That if you hurt me in any way, that will land me to the hospital, you're gonna take full responsibility for it, and face trial for your actions.”
Mr. Novak tightened his hold on Dean’s hand and Dean wasn’t sure what he meant by it; was it a warning to not decline this offer? Or potentially excitement at a new opportunity? What would happen to them, specifically, to Dean if he declined? But then if Emilio said the cars were vintage, and Dean was a sucker for them, he wasn’t going to let the opportunity to get his hands on old beauties pass.
At the park, Dean sat by the bench while Natalie went wild on the slides there. She took turns on the various slides, then she hang herself from the ropes, smiling and giggling with the kids, then she was on the swings. One of the older boys there helped her out and started to push her. He looked like a nice kid, so Dean didn’t mind it much.
“Hm?” Castiel asked when Dean fell silent. He seemed to be nervous as he casted a look out into the city. The snow was starting to slow down around them, but it was getting dark by the minute.
“I haven’t stopped,” Dean said and his eyes were glistening. “I haven’t stopped, Cas. I don’t think I ever did stop. Even when I left. I never stopped.” He lifted his hands and covered his face with them. His voice muffled when he said, “God. I wish I have stopped. But I didn’t. I have always loved you. Even when you made me go crazy and I wanted nothing else but to wrap my hands around your neck and squeeze you.” Despite the seriousness of the situation, a wet sound left Castiel’s lips. It sounded like a snort, but he was unsure, his mind was preoccupied by Dean. “But my God, Castiel,” he pulled away his hands from his face. “My God, you were, you
“Go and rest in one of the guest bedrooms,” Castiel replied. “There’s bathroom and a shower. I’m positive there might be some change of clothes there too.”
She didn’t wait for Castiel to move and make space for her; she just went up in bed and, ow, yep. Kids and flailing arms and legs early in the morning weren’t something that Castiel wanted to feel. Especially after the night he had. She tucked herself close to Dean’s chest, who sleepy dragged her closer to him. So this was a thing that they’d do, it seemed. And it was a scene that tugged something at Castiel’s heart.
“You fucking asshole!” Dmitry yelled at Balthazar. He then turned his head to look at Castiel, with fear clear in his eyes. “Извините меня, сэр. Нет неуважения к вам, Мистер Новак, сэр (
She shrugged and said, “We have literally nothing to do. There’s still about a good twenty minutes to go until Sam will be home. So… talk.”
“Is it comfortable on the floor there, or do you need a cushion for your tush?” Balthazar’s voice reached to him as he made his way to Castiel.
“Here,” Castiel said, as he took off his coat and draped it over her shaking shoulders. She hiccupped and looked at Castiel in mild surprised, before she looked down. “You’re Dean’s Charlie, aren’t you?” he asked, his voice soft. Charlie sniffed again, and looked at him. Slowly, she nodded. Castiel nodded back and said, “I remember seeing you at the garage.”
Now, Dean laid on the floor, with Mr. Novak hovering over him. Their chests heaved with labored breathing and they both shared a laugh. “Don’t you like it when I’m being
Before he went outside, he pulled out his phone from his pocket and opened the texting app. He wanted to send a message to Dean, to say something, but he didn’t know exactly what he was going to say. He knew if he were to start texting Dean he was going to tell him where he was going right now. And he didn’t want to ruin Dean’s time with this.
“I’ll be fine, girl,” Castiel whispered to her, and she huffed a bit. She looked up at him for a moment, before she turned around and left back to her place with her puppies.
Castiel hesitated for about 2 minutes, maybe longer, he wasn’t sure, before he placed the glass down at the nearest surface and walked down the hallway. He turned right, where there was a staircase to the second floor. He took the stairs up the second floor and stopped short. The hallway was filled with doors, firmly shut, on both sides. At the end of the hallway, there was a door, standing ajar. Castiel, trusting the hunch he had for the said door, made his way to it.
“Dean,” Castiel said, “I know I had to leave before she’d wake up. But I forgot to put the alarm on my phone. And to be fair, she woke up around six am, I believe. She didn’t want to sleep so she asked me for breakfast.”
“A threat? From a kitty? Tsk-tsk,” Alastair said, his voice getting colder. “Your daddy never knew how to raise you. Never knew how to make you into a man. Although,” Alastair’s voice sounded like he was deep in thought. “Being a faggot suits you, doesn’t it?”
Mr. Novak pulled back but his hands stayed on his cheeks. Dean's eyes fluttered open and Mr. Novak was already staring at him. His eyes were shining with wonder, and he had a half smirk on his lips. “Weak spot?”
Well, Mr. Novak was right. Dean didn’t feel like he was in a plane at all. It was wide, extremely well furnished, there was even a bar at one of the far side of the plane. There was a sitting area and as Dean walked in more, released Mr. Novak’s hand from his clutches, he realized that one of the sofas could be turned into a bed. Dean licked his lips and turned around to inspect the area more. The colors were in soft tones of different shades of grey. Some accessories, and the pillows, were in red.
Dean's cheeks heated up at that, but Mr. Novak only smirked at him and made his way out of the bedroom. Dean moved his hand to grope at his dick, but Mr. Novak's cut through the air sharply.
There was something about being electrocuted. There was the one that he loved getting; for pleasure. It was a low hum just underneath his skin that would make his nerves tingle with it. And then there was this; a torture. Nothing pleasuring about it. Just constant pain that made him twitch a bit longer than he as comfortable with.
But Mr. Novak shook his head, “I have no idea. I just… I just found out, that… I just…” the last part was breathed out of his lips. He pushed away from the window and covered his face with his hands.
Castiel didn’t reply right away. His heart was hammering away in his ribcage. “Don’t,” Castiel whispered. He swallowed and said, “Please, don’t do it this way.”
It was Crowley. He burst into the office, his eyes wide, and if Castiel knew better he could say that the man was pretty shaken. Something had happened.
Mr. Novak’s eyes widened in amusement and then he was shaking with mirth. “No! You’re anything, but fat, or heavy. No. I just meant that I can feel a tension in your body. I feel like you’re uncomfortable, or aren’t sitting all the way down…”
“No, unfortunately, “Sam sighed and shook his head again. “I’ll be home by evening. Will you still be around?”
Dean had severed his ties with them. He couldn’t bring himself to reach out to them. He wasn’t sure he’d be welcome. Not with the way he had basically shoved Sam and Jess out of his life and walked out of the door forever. God… the look on Sam’s face, on
“Hmm… good boy,” Castiel praised and his hands moved towards Dean’s ass cheeks. He pushed Dean’s hips up and grabbed on the round cheeks and squeezed them. Dean’s whole body shuddered from it. “Are your legs bothering you?” Castiel asked casually as he pulled down a bit over the edge of the desk. “If they are, you can place them over my shoulders. I don’t mind.”
“Alice will take your stuff up to your room, if that's okay,” Mr. Novak said. Dean hadn’t noticed her before; she had a slightly smaller frame, and mousy hairstyle. She had a small smile on her face and she was standing over to the side, with her hands behind her back. Dean nodded his consent at her. He was rewarded with a slightly bigger smile from them both. “Shall we?” Mr. Novak asked turning his body around, towards the house.
“Do you think he’ll be too scared to be with you?” and that was the million-dollar question, wasn’t it?
“Luckily for you, you’re not the one who gives out the orders here,” Castiel rebuked in a soft voice, just as Anna answered. Castiel requested something light, but something filling. She said that she’ll be up in ten.
"So they will endanger not only my life but theirs, too?" he said. "And hers too?" he added, while pointing a finger at Lora; who looked worried by this sudden turn of events.
He felt hurt. He felt like a failure. He felt like whatever he was going to do in life was going to turn into dust and into…this. A broken man trying to find his place in the world but ending up being back to how he was before, in the worse possible way, at that.
"Well, I better get going. I wish you good health, Sam Winchester," Castiel moved to get out of the room when Sam's voice stopped him.
Castiel stared at him a bit longer, and then nodded. He quickly left the garden and into his car, barking orders at his men to hurry up. He was an idiot to leave Dean like that alone.
know what you’re hiding underneath all of your clothes?” Castiel looked at her then, really looked at her. She seemed to be mature enough to understand whatever that was happening on his body had come from all these years of being a mob boss in this country. She didn’t look like a woman who could be messed with. She meant business and she looked smart enough to work out who Dean was to him. Maybe it was in the glance that Castiel threw at Dean. Maybe it was in the way that Dean had clutched at his hand when they pulled him away and took him to the emergency room. Or maybe because everyone knew that he was gay.
“It can be boring sometimes, with editing and such, but it’s interesting to read books before everyone else and keeping it secret,” Dean said, drinking from his tea. For years, he would drink alcohol whenever he could, because that’s what he knew. Since he came back, he drunk only socially. Which was good.
“Your wish, is my command,” Castiel replied, as he straightened his spine, and stared right back at Dean.
Castiel sagged, but didn’t relax. He dropped the bazooka down, and went to where his other weaponry rested at. He quickly grabbed a shotgun (a Saiga 12 SBS 6-1/2”) from there with two packs of ammunition, just in case of an attack. He didn’t know what would wait for him when he got out of here, but he had to go and check. He had no idea where his men were, or if any of them were alive by this point. At the back of his head, he hoped that Alfie was at home with his mama, then here, before he looked at Lora.
Dean didn’t want to let them go, but he had to. So he stood up, reluctantly and watched as they all yipped and ran after Borya who whistled at them. He waited until they were all gone before he turned around to walk back inside, only to be bumped up against Mr. Novak’s chest. “Oomf! Sorry, I thought you walked back in.”
Castiel looked at him for a second longer and then turned away from him to the small bar he had in the corner. “So,” he said as he poured two glasses of whiskey. “Gabriel didn't say much about you.”
A moment later, Mr. Novak spoke, “For centuries, the Italians and the Russians didn’t see eye to eye. It has always been problematic from both parties to confront each other. There would always be casualties by the end of the meeting. To this day, it’s still like that. Although, I haven’t seen any of them, they’d been more… explicit with their actions to me.”
Dean parked in front of Sam's firm, cut off the engine and waited for Sam to talk. When Dean realized that Sam wasn't going to say anything, he tried. “Sam-”
“Will try,” Sam said with a small laugh. There was a lull in their conversation and Dean felt like Sam wanted to ask him about something. And that something was sitting by his side, subtly staring at him from time to time. Dean looked at Mr. Novak and then shifted his gaze forward.
“Why do you think something’s wrong?” Castiel said, hesitantly turning around to look at Dean. They were standing close to one another now, and Dean was eyeing at the cap.
“How much would you like me to pay for your services?” Castiel asked. Dean hesitated, so Castiel added, “Money isn't an issue for me.”
“I’m sorry,” Charlie sobbed as Castiel crouched in front of her. She flinched slightly, getting her arms close to her chest, her eyes trained down at Castiel’s hand, where he was still holding the gun. He quickly held up both of his hands and gave the gun to the person closest to him.
Alastair chuckled, but didn’t say anything to him. He merely continued. “How many men have you lost these past few weeks? Forgive me, but I have lost count.”
Castiel didn’t make Dean wait long. He simply took off his shirt and Dean gasped. On his back, that Dean had never seen before, was angel wings. Dean stood up from his bed and walked closer. Right in between those wings, was a weeping angel. Dean’s hands itched with the need to reach out and touch, but he could see how tense Castiel had gone. And… the tattoo wasn’t as smooth as he thought it was. There was… there were scars. Deep scars that Dean had never felt underneath his hands, because he had never really touched Castiel, did he?
Dean didn’t complain from the roughness of it all, he just encouraged Castiel with small gasps, and moans, and pushing his hips back onto Castiel’s dick over and over again. He kept repeating for Castiel to go harder, and faster, and rougher with him, and Castiel had no other choice but to do as he was told.
“Sorry. I’ll be quick. Hello?” he answered and Castiel heard a female’s voice coming through the speaker. Something zinged through his body that he would easily describe as jealousy, but he didn’t want to. Because he had nothing to be jealous of. Maybe it was Dean’s sister, but then he had said that he only had a brother… maybe a mother? Or an aunt? Or maybe a girlfriend? It wouldn’t be first time for an escort to be in a relationship…
Gabriel looked up at him, with his eyes wide open, terrified, and his mouth hanging open as he tried to form words, to scream, to make a sound, but Castiel didn’t relent. He clenched his jaw tight, as he looked down at his own brother, at his own
“Good. Pet,” she said, and moved away from him to the wall where she had a cabin made inside the wall. She pushed it in and the drawer opened. She took out the long whip that would definitely sting for at least the next 3 days. If not more, depending on how far she was going to take it and how long she was going to whip it at him.
Mr. Novak took a step closer to him and looked up at him. His face was so relaxed that Dean felt like he was looking at a different person. “Dean, this is Silver,” Mr. Novak introduced them and Dean had to look away from his face in order to look at the puppy. “Hold up your hand. Yeah, like that. Let him sniff you.”
Alfie didn’t say anything. Castiel’s eyes slid down his nose, to his lips, and down to his neck, where he noticed how it bobbed as he swallowed. In the end, he just nodded and walked out of the bedroom, shutting the door behind him. Castiel crumpled down and sat on bed and stared at the closed door of his bedroom. Alfie was an attractive person. Castiel had seen it and he had acknowledged that fact. But Alfie wasn’t Dean. He would never be Dean. Alfie was also a teenager, who was working for him. Castiel shouldn’t even entertain that train of thought. He shook his head at himself, in slight disappointment.
“Because you're a damn good lawyer, and I'm pretty sure that there are people out there, who do come to you for this,” Dean said as he slowly drove out of the parking lot.
“Okay, a bit more of praise and it will be impossible to deflate this guy,” said one of Castiel’s friends to his right, and they all laughed. Castiel joined their laugh, but Dean couldn’t take his eyes off of Castiel.
It was usually the same; blood pressure was high, but they were trying to keep it steady. There was still a rattling in his lung, but that was to be expected. He was healing, slowly, but he was. The shoulder that got dislodged from its socket was back in its place. But overall, he was steady. He just needed to wake up. The doctor would end these small things with;
Dean could feel a tear sliding down his cheek as he felt the pain he felt when he walked away. The love he felt for Castiel. The brightness that that man had lit up in his heart. And now, all of those emotions were being glossed over with this realization; he didn’t want Castiel to die.
He didn’t have an active sex life, but he knew when he wanted to have a one-night stand with an attractive person. It was weird. It wasn’t as if they were having a sexual conversation, but they continued to talk to each other for the rest of the night, laughing and toasting, and what have you. It was a good night.
“Sir… Is it…” Dean sighed and turned away, but not fast enough for Castiel to notice how his cheeks turned red from blushing. “Is it bad that I enjoyed this?”
It felt like the ground shifted under Castiel’s feet. Castiel felt his heart racing, beating right out of his chest, ripping through him like he was nothing. It crashed and burnt everything around him. It burned something awful. Dean was in love with him, just like Castiel was in love with him. But because Castiel didn’t do feelings, he stayed silent, and looked as the man who held his world at the palm of his hand, broke down in front of him.
Mr. Novak’s moves started to slow down from his hard thrusts. It was starting to get to an almost torturously slow movements. His hands moved up and down his body and Dean ached with the need to touch Mr. Novak. But he couldn’t for obvious reasons. So he just laid back and enjoyed the feeling of being touched. The movements didn’t change their pace when Mr. Novak grabbed on to Dean’s dick and squeezed down the length. Dean let out a yet another choked off sound from the back of his throat and he knew that he wasn’t going to last.
“Leave as many men here, as you can. I need 24 hours watch on him. Any out of place activity happens, you take care of it. No casualties, whatsoever. As much as I know and trust the doc, make sure he has a clear history to take care of Samandriel,” he turned around and looked at Gabriel. “If anything happens to him...” he left it at that, but Gabriel shook his head.
“Hey, hey, it’s okay. I got you,” Mr. Novak whispered to him. His voice low, and warm, and awfully soft. It helped Dean to take more steadying breaths. “Sshhh… I got you. It’s okay…” He kept making shushing noises and kept saying reassuring stuff to Dean. It took him several minutes to realize that he was letting out broken noises.
Karen dropped the stack of chips on his left side, and a waitress placed him a tumbler of whiskey. He dropped a $500 chip in her pocket. She thanked him with a big smile on her face, which he didn’t return. The Dealer started to shuffle the cards in some extravagant way that Castiel never got the hang of doing himself. And then he started dealing.
. He got the gun holsters on him first, and then placed the guns on each side of his body. Castiel took out
Without warning, there were two fingers, at once, in his ass. Dean let out a gasp, and then a groan left his lips. His body started to shake from Mr. Novak’s fingers; who didn’t wait for him to get adjusted to the pressure, he simply continued pressing his fingers inside Dean’s anus.
Castiel felt his cheeks flaming and he frowned. “It’s not a big deal.” It was a big deal. This was Dean’s whole world. He was in that part of Dean’s life that meant the most to him.
In between the re-search, and taking care of his boss and his needs, Balthazar was keeping a close eye to the business. The furniture they were receiving from Africa was in good condition, and the business had blossomed from there and on, but that job didn’t cover their expanses, so they had to move to other stuff. The next best thing were drugs. So they started to get more involved in it. From the start of things, when dealers would bring in drugs into the country, it all went through Castiel's system to be approved of. He never used drugs, but he understood and knew which ones he would allow to his city. So they started to get more involved. Right now, they were the biggest dealers, and they got their drugs from trusted sources. Now that Castiel knew that Dean had been using, Castiel had ordered Balthazar to question his dealers to make sure that none of them were selling their stuff to Dean. People, of course, knew who Dean was for Castiel, and they wouldn’t betray the trust Castiel had for his people.
“It hurts,” Castiel repeated. And he really didn’t have any control over his mouth, he just blurted out. “It hurts just how much I love you.”
It was weird for Dean to still be going to the park, when it was covered in snow. But still, Castiel didn’t give it any more thought, as he quickly finished his breakfast and walked out of the kitchen. He passed Lora on his way to his bedroom. She quickly turned her back on him, so he wouldn’t stop and talk.
Dean woke up early in the morning. They get the tube out that helped him breath. He looked better and he even cracked a joke with one of the nurses. They had blushed and tittered prettily at him. Castiel just gave Dean a blank look over their shoulder. Dean had smiled and gave him a wink.
Their movements didn’t gain more rhythm to them, even when they got close to coming. Mr. Novak’s hips were moving in and out of him, in slow moves. His hands were touching every available surface of Dean’s body. Grunting, and moaning, his hands squeezing and caressing his body… and Dean was feeling close. So close. And the way that Mr. Novak’s moves were starting to get a bit shorter and a bit faster, Dean knew he was close too.
But it seemed to be the wrong move to do because Dean closed his eyes and dipped his head down. Castiel’s hand slid down to Dean’s head, but he heard the quiet request loud and clear; there wasn’t going to be anything happening between them. Maybe they were going to be emotionally and mentally closer to one another, but physically was no way that Dean was ready for any of that to happen.
He swallowed through the sudden thickness in his throat as he remembered who these hands had touched before.
“As often as I can,” Gordon replied, his lips turning into a smile that didn’t reach his eyes. His smile was unsettling for Dean; it was like he was remembering something that gave him immense pleasure.  And well… wasn’t this the creepiest sight Dean witnessed today? “I come here to look at the kids.” Nope. This part was the creepiest.
Castiel’s jaw clenched, and he didn’t say anything else. He just stared at Dean, memorizing how his face looked under the streetlights and how tired he looked. In the end, Castiel said, “This thing that she did, won’t go unnoticed by us. If she doesn’t know this, you tell her. If she’s so dear to you, and you can’t live your life without her, know that I won’t stop until she’s a bloodied and writhing mess underneath my feet.”
to you, but I can’t. I will help you out.” There, he said it. “I’m going to help you out. It’s gonna get ugly, and be ugly. She’ll go after everyone you love and hold dear to you, and she will kill them all, until you’ll return to her. And she will come after me, too. Even if you…” Castiel’s breath shook. “Even if you don’t have feelings for me anymore. She will come after me, and I won’t hesitate to blow her head off of her shoulders.”
The penthouse was as impersonal as the owner of the place. The doors opened right into the living room. There was a lone table right in front of him that held a fake flower plant. Dean had been baffled by it, the first time he saw, but then he got used to it, since the whole place had nothing but fake flowers and plants. They had been decorations, and nothing more. The walls were bare. Which had been another thing that surprised Dean, but he got used to it as well. He had never had a client whose house wasn’t filled with way too many paintings on the walls.
Castiel really didn’t like the sound of that. Trying not to shake, he grabbed the envelope off the table and ripped it open. There were at least 3 pictures in there. Of dead people. One of them was an adult lady, with what used to be dirty blonde hair, but now was coated with blood. Her eyes were closed. She had fair skin, but after her killing, there wasn’t any white spot left on her body. Her white dress was covered in dirt. She was laying down on the ground, with her hands on her belly. A white rose underneath her hands.
“You gotta love Sundays in the park,” the man beside him said. His voice was deep and it had a sultry tone to it.
“Dean?” Sam's voice cut through his thoughts, and it seemed like he'd been calling out for him for some time now.
“Don't apologize,” Castiel said his hands, still on Dean's ass, squeezed his cheeks. Dean gasped and if it were possible, he blushed some more. “What’s this?” he asked, indicating the papers.
“He’s-He’s at the east side of the manor. He’s got this-this place in here, which is like a torture room. But it looks like a warehouse,” the boy blabbed in nervousness. “Please don’t kill me. I gave you everything I know.”
The call ended and Castiel relaxed back in his chair. He needed to tread this carefully. If he was right about who he suspected, he was going to need to approach this cautiously.
“You’re not dirty,” Mr. Novak said gruffly. His voice holding an edge of urgency for Dean to understand and accept what he was saying. “You’re the purest man I’ve ever had the privilege to touch. Don’t you ever think that you’re worse than anyone else in this life, okay?”
Castiel’s heartbeat started to slow down to a steady rhythm and he let out another breath of air, before he opened his eyes and looked at himself in the mirror.
Dean didn’t know what he was going to say to Mr. Novak, or how he was going to approach this subject and try to coax Mr. Novak into trusting him enough to share, but knowing that the thing that he feared wasn't being touched on his bare skin, was actually relieving.
“Not a problem,” Castiel replied. He took his pajamas, and walked to the bathroom. He shut the door after him, and locked it for good measure.
“It’s all wet,” he mumbled, running his hands through the wet stuff on the floor. He didn’t know what it was, maybe there was a pipe that got blown off. That would’ve been funny. For some reason, the thought made him giggle.
In two weeks he had to leave for his sister’s wedding in Spain. Castiel had to prepare for anything when they would return a month from now. He had to make sure his family was at a safe distance from these places. It was selfish, he knew, only thinking about his family, but he couldn’t take care of everyone. It had been a hard lesson for him to learn years ago, but he had to do what was right.
Sighing, Castiel lowered himself to the ground and crossed his legs as he looked at the pond. It wasn’t too big, nor was it small. It was a bit off to the side and there had been added flowers and plants around it, and throughout the years, some frogs had made themselves known in the area. At first the sight of them made Castiel squirm, but he got used to them in no time.
The thought made Castiel sick. He had closed the video on the screen as a young boy was getting his neck sliced open with a knife.
“I will end you,” Castiel said coldly. His voice broke no argument. He had never been this serious in his life. Knowing the threat that was hanging over his… his Dean, he had to do something about it.
Castiel got out of his car, shutting the door behind him. He fixed his suit as he made his way to the house. He nodded at Balthazar as he passed by him. His mind was elsewhere. He came here to get some answers, and then leave.
"I got a package today, which held a severed finger inside of it. We all know whose finger it is, correct?" Castiel looked at them indifferently. They kept quiet. "Now, we all know why we are all stressed out these days, and why I am the way I am these days… We don't need to go over those points, I assume." Nobody said anything to that. "What bothers me the most, isn't the stress that I put all of us under. What bothers me the most is the blatant negligence of endangering everyone's lives on this apartment, yours as well, for the box to cross that threshold without being thoroughly investigated by you." At this, he pointed at everyone in the room.
Dean who looked as if he saw seeing a ghost; or Castiel covered in blood. Dean who was talking to him, but Castiel couldn’t hear him. Dean who looked
“Hey, it’s okay,” Dean said. “May I?” He pointed to Castiel’s shirt sleeves, which had been rolled up for the scene. Castiel nodded, and Dean started to unroll for Castiel. “You don’t have to cancel anything for me. I will be fine.”
And Dean, well, Dean was glad he was sitting down because otherwise he would be on the floor from relief. He closed his eyes again, his eyes prickling with tears. He hadn’t cried for a long while. He didn’t cry while he spoke about this to his family. But here he was, fighting back the sobs that were threatening to leave his lips, a stranger at the end of this call, hearing him go through a break down. It was too much for him. Too much at once and everything came at him with viciousness.
“This isn’t what you want, though, is it?” Mr. Novak asked. Dean felt that small tug on his heart, which he quickly dismissed.
The second the door was closed after her, Castiel took out his phone and texted Balthazar, asking him to come to him ASAP. He got the confirmation 10 seconds later, as Castiel made his way inside the house and to his office. He poured himself two fingers of whiskey and drank it straight up, his chest warming up as he drowned the glass. He was pouring another shot when the door opened and Balthazar walked in.
“Just go in,” he moaned into Mr. Novak’s neck, and tried not to chase the fingers that left his ass open.
Castiel clenched his hand into a fist and took couple of steadying breaths. He wasn't even going to question his sudden need to protect Dean. It seemed that in the couple of minutes that they had spent together here, Castiel started to get fond of Dean Winchester.
After the week that he had, this was a blessing. Spending time with these people felt like a fresh breath of air. He needed the change, and Dean provided him with that, with no hesitation. He was supposed to be the one to thank Dean for this, not the other way around.
So he did just that, he dipped down, and licked at his spine. His face got close to Dean’s hands. Dean unraveled his hands and tried to grab Castiel’s face, but he pulled back quickly and hit Dean again. “Behave,” Castiel said in a growl.
Castiel bobbed his head up and down Dean’s length, suckling on the head, and tonguing at the slit. Dean’s thighs strained from the feeling of it. Castiel went further down Dean’s length, until the head of it was at the back of his neck. He breathed through his nose, as to not choke on it. Dean was holding himself perfectly still, but his arms were restless as he tried to grab on to something; finally he bent them up and over his head, and grabbed on to the edge of the desk. He let out a loud moan through his mouth as Castiel moved back up, making slurping noises as he did so.
“Have you been here for a long time?” Dean asked as he slowly turned around and laid back down on his back. He heard some bones pop so he stretched out like a cat, his breath hitching, before he relaxed back on the bed.
He was flushed, his hair was a mess and his eyes were bright blue. He was wearing black sweatpants and a grey t-shirt. This was probably the first time Dean had seen Mr. Novak’s biceps. He felt them before, but he had never seen them. Dean stared at him as he released his arms from the handcuffs. He slowly pushed them down to his chest.
Castiel was standing by the window in his office. He was wearing his black pants, with navy blue button down; the sleeves were rolled up. He had a black vest on that hugged his chest in a way it made his shoulders look wider. He had work to do. Human trafficking was something that Castiel never liked, never condoned it, and he certainly didn’t like it when they had children stored up in the facility who were no older than ten years old.
“You guys need to learn a new thing to say,” Castiel said, shooting the guy on the leg. He went down with a howl. “Tell me where this is gonna take me.”
“Did I?” Castiel snapped. His smirk vanishing, his eyes flashed cold blue as he stared down at his brother.
Dean looked down at Mr. Novak’s thoughtful face, and pondered about it for a moment; what would he think if Dean told him about his last dom? Or what would he say, or do, if he knew that his last dom was part of the Italian family? That he was the one that left scars all over his body? That he was the one that would torture him as a way of punishment or anything that would cause Dean more harm than anything else? Would he get angry? Would he want to go out there for revenge because of what they’d done to Dean?
Dean fumbled for only a moment and then he was cuddling and scratching Silver’s fur in a matter of seconds. The puppy grumbled and then he went pliant in Dean’s arms. He looked drugged out, and Dean couldn’t help but chuckle at Silver.
“What’s going on? Everything okay?” he asked, trying not to worry too much when Mr. Novak gave him a soft smile, that didn’t reach his eyes.
“You watched it happen,” Dean hung his head forward then and he looked so tiny. It was unnerving for Castiel. “You were part of it.”
The cake was delicious. It probably had unicorns and rainbows mixed up with the frosting because Dean couldn’t help but moan around it. They cut the cake when the sun set, and it was dark out; the only lights coming were from the decorations. Dean and Mr. Novak stood side by side, smiles on their faces as the bridal party fed each other the cake and then drunk their champagne. Anna made eye contact with Dean, and she winked at him. He just smiled brightly at her.
