Cas’ eyes widen and a small, pleased smile starts to break across his face, before doubt descends like a cloud. “Really? Even after… I know I’ve hurt you, Dean.”
There’s something frantic in the way Castiel moves, hips pounding forward over and over again, and Dean can do nothing but take it, open his mouth and let out short, bitten-off moans. There’ll be bruises tomorrow, probably, and Dean decides to blame the sharp, sweet pulse of
“He was planning on combining your magical essences with the sealskin of a selkie born under a new moon, which would have allowed him to unlock a reservoir of power that would rival a god’s. And then he planned on razing the world to create a so-called paradise for the selkies, so that we would no longer have to hide ourselves in fear.”
Cas’ eyes widen in shock as everything is still for just a moment, like the calm before a storm. And then he leaps at Lucifer, striking at his arm to make him drop the blade, a flurry of movement between them as they start fighting. They fall backwards towards Dean, who rolls out of the way just in time. Lucifer stumbles over the spell altar, which wobbles and pitches to the side, spilling the silvery hide to the dirt and revealing a baby with light tufts of blonde hair, just beginning to drift awake. One of his pudgy fists extends up into the air, the other grasped tightly onto a much smaller speckled gray hide swaddled around his body.
“For what?” he asks, and it rumbles through Dean’s body like he’s driving down an old dirt road, not laying in bed with Cas on top of him.
She glares right back at him. “Fine, but if you’re not out here in fifteen minutes, I’m coming in, and you can’t stop me.” Her eyes dare him to challenge her.
“Won’t be an angel when he wakes up with a major crick in his neck,” he says.
Cas obliges and leans down for another consuming kiss, then drags his mouth down the line of Dean’s jaw, pressing sucking kisses down his throat to his chest. He flicks his tongue over one of Dean’s nipples, biting it lightly and tugging. It makes Dean groan deep in his chest, and he throws his head back into the pillow.
The man’s eyes keep up at first, but there is a noticeable lag as Dean keeps going, and he puts his finger back down. “I’m pretty sure you have a concussion, though I can’t say for sure unless you let me take you to the hospital and do either an MRI or CT scan --”
“Sure. I think that sounds good.” Cas picks up the water glass again but doesn’t drink, just holds it in his hands, staring down into the liquid. “I just hate feeling useless,” he says quietly, and that --
That makes Dean stop and look sharply at him. “You think she could be lying?”
“Over and out.” The line goes dead, and Dean shoves his phone into his pocket, rushing back out to the Impala. He closes the front door behind him. Rowena and Sam will need an office to come back to, after all.
Cas shrugs. “If that’s what it takes,” he says, way too seriously.
Dean blinks, trying to figure out if his eyes are playing tricks on him in the moonlight as the three shapes shift and extend, a silvery outline sloughing off their backs as they stand, forming into humanoid shapes. The figures move forward towards the shore, legs gaining definition with each step, round black eyes shifting and elongating, turning human, gazes cold and dispassionate. Flippers transform into fingers, gray skin disappears as human flesh takes its place, and Dean stands there, frozen, as three selkies step out of the ocean and take human form in front of him.
Both of them are quiet while Dean carefully cleans and bandages Castiel up, only the sounds of people heading to work outside Dean’s door filling the air. Castiel doesn’t make any noises of pain or discomfort, though Dean can see his eyes tightening when he disinfects a few of the larger scrapes. As he finishes, he can tell Castiel is quickly on his way to falling asleep, his chin starting to droop down to his chest, his breathing slower. He looks… better than when Dean found him, that’s for sure. Some of the pained lines on his face have smoothed out, though the bags under his eyes still seem fairly pronounced. Dean wonders when the last time this guy slept was, and he makes a quick decision.
“Dean? Are you okay?” he hears Cas ask, and he blinks, looking up. Cas is looking at him with clear concern on his face, his mouth slanted into a worried frown.
Dean swallows and holds up the phone. “They must’ve realized he still had it on him. I haven’t found anything else,” he says, quiet. “Dead end, I guess. I don’t… I don’t know what else to do.” His eyes sting at the realization and he curls his hand into a fist around the phone, feeling it cut into his palm painfully. He just drove ten hours only to come up empty handed; Sam was in trouble, but once again Dean is too useless to do anything about it.
Only it doesn’t feel as strong this time, and when Dean looks back up at Cas, his face looks tight, like it’s taking too much to do what should be as simple as breathing for an angel.
Maybe it’s not the most important thing. But it’s important right now, Castiel rationalizes. He’s always been good at rationalizing when it comes to telling Dean things.
that the Empty wishes me to experience before I am taken.” He spreads his hands out, a plaintive gesture. “But you deserve to know, Dean. I should have told you. So I’m telling you now. Just in case.”
She settles on some documentary about technology and hacking that manages to be schlocky and captivating at the same time, at least to Dean. Charlie spends a lot of the movie critiquing the “hackers” who get interviewed and loudly proclaiming that they have no idea what they’re talking about. The popcorn disappears quickly in the darkened room.
Cas was right. Dean
They go out for lunch to some hole-in-the-wall crab shack that Dean had spotted, the kind where you place your order at a window and wait for them to bring you plastic baskets full of steaming food. There’s a couple of picnic tables scattered in front of the shack on some grass and they grab one, sitting in companionable silence while Dean rolls a cold beer between his hands and Cas reads a pamphlet about a local aquarium with interest. When their food arrives, Cas falls on his meal with gusto, cracking open crab legs like he’s starving. Dean follows suit, grinning at how ecstatic Cas seems.
Charlie ends the call, and Dean lowers his phone with his own sigh, hand clenched painfully around it. He stands like that for a beat, then two, staring at the wall and trying to push down on the guilt and self-hatred rising like bile up his throat.
“You don’t know pancakes? Dude, where the hell have you been living? Under a rock?”
A vague sense of nausea wells up in Dean’s stomach as he watches his brother gesticulate excitedly across the table from him. The whole scene is a little too familiar for comfort -- the pale skin, dark circles under too-bright eyes, an intense kind of mania layered over poorly hidden exhaustion, the single-minded focus to the exclusion of all else. Not eating, clearly not sleeping.
Dean glances at Sam, confused. “I thought you didn’t have anything today after your sunrise ritual or whatever.” He generally tries to be conscientious of his little brother’s time, especially where Rowena is involved. Her patience can shift like the tides, and a pissed off Rowena is a
“Whatever.” Dean grimaces, running a hand over his cheeks. Okay, yeah, he’s more stubbly than he normally goes for, but his hand had been pretty shaky when he shaved this morning. Small victories that any part of his face is shaved, honestly. “Why am I here?”
Relief runs through Dean like an electrical current, hardwired into him since childhood,
. Cas is so hard inside of him, hard and wet, has been since the moment he appeared in Dean’s motel room, from the moment he shoved Dean up against the wall and pressed biting kisses to his lips, buried his head in the space between Dean’s neck and shoulder.
The man squints at him like he can’t quite figure Dean out, but nods in acquiescence. Dean scoots forward enough that he’s able to run his fingers lightly over the man’s scalp and down his neck, moving through his wet and matted hair, though he can’t find any open wounds that would explain why his hair is damp. Maybe it’s not blood? Did he get a bucket of water dumped on him earlier?
Castiel gives him a small, grateful smile, and it makes something in Dean’s heart twist strangely. “I understand. Thank you again, Dean. You’ve been very kind.”
“Dean?”
?” He pours another dollop of (rapidly dwindling) batter into the pan. “Are you, like, part fairy or something? I’ve treated fast healing species before, but I’ve never seen it in humans. Not even my brother, and he’s like, swimming up to his eyeballs in magic all the time.”
Heat prickles behind Dean’s eyes, and he clenches his jaw to stop it. “Fine,” he mutters, and leaves, footfalls heavy as he exits the workshop. The door shuts behind him with a thud.
Castiel considers. Having a drink means he will have less time to find a solution, but it also means Dean will be less likely to question his departure again if he’s tired, drunk, and distracted. “Yes,” he decides, “I’d like that.”
Sixteen hours later, he rolls down a narrow, lonely gravel road, pine trees hemming in close around Baby, some of their branches brushing along her top and sides. The sun is just beginning to pull above the horizon, painting the sky in a delicate mix of light blues and pinks as the stars blink out one by one. He smells the water before he sees it, salty in the early winter air of the Pacific Northwest. It’s familiar but cold. In the distance and across the cove, rounded mountains rise into the sky, their dull peaks just beginning to be touched by soft light. Rounding a bend, he stops just before the headlights flash across a nondescript white cabin with curtains pulled across every window. A large black Escalade sits parked out front, out of place among the trees.
“Sorry, pal, I don’t work here,” Dean mutters, about to push his way past this dude and leave. The man’s eyes are deep set, his hair styled to look artfully mussed. He looks like a regular office worker (with maybe a little too much affinity for styling gel) but something about him sets Dean’s teeth on edge. Well, either that or Dean’s just a pissed off loser at the moment.
Next to them, Sam coughs awkwardly, shattering the moment. Dean turns to glare at him.
Right, Dean realizes. That should’ve… he probably should’ve done that as soon as he got home from their disastrous trip. Except he’d been too consumed by a sort of paralyzing numbness to do anything other than stare at his phone, hoping against hope that Cas would call, or text, or
“Alright, dude,” he says, sitting back up into a crouching position. “My car isn’t too far from here. I’m going to take you to my place and take a look at your ribs and get you cleaned up. You gotta promise that you’re not gonna steal all my shit and murder me, yeah? Or curse me somehow, if you’ve got magic or whatever. Deal?”
“Yeah,” Cas replies, kissing him back. His hands move from Dean’s face to his shoulders and down the length of his back, soft and easy, caressing him, before making their way back up and tangling in Dean’s hair. His fingers are firm but gentle, and suddenly the image of Cas laid out in front of him, hands holding his head while Dean blows him, makes a home for itself in Dean’s brain, beating against the inside of his eyelids with the rhythm of his pulse.
-- was loving.
Her face is definitely a little sheepish as she slips the knife into her pocket. “I got antsy. Sue me,” she says. “Did you find anything? Sam?”
Sam puts a few dollars on the table. “I’m going back to work. I’ll talk to you later, maybe.” He starts to leave.
The office is even messier than the hallway. Papers coat the ground so thickly that Dean can’t even see the floorboards or the ornate carpet, and spell ingredient containers have been knocked over, spilling thistle and bone shard and wood ash and other shit all over the place. A half-finished spell sits on top of Rowena’s desk, carefully drawn chalk lines smudged and messed up around a thick stone mortar. There’s blood, too, splashed across the desk. Half a bloody handprint that devolves into streaks, like someone had been dragged away.
Cas puts a hand on Dean’s shoulder, and Dean realizes he’s trembling lightly. “Please,” he says, eyes wide and earnest and blue, and goddammit, how is Dean supposed to say no to that?
“What?” Dean says, taken aback.
“I don’t want to lose you, too,” Cas says, breaking the silence between them. He still won’t look at Dean. “Whatever family I did have, I don’t remember. But you’re my family now, Dean. And I can’t lose you.”
The height of summer begins to drift into something slightly mellower as the days shorten, deepening the length of the shadows across streets and buildings. The promise of autumn fills the air; Dean notes with a restrained amount of delight that the coffee shops in the city are breaking out the salted caramel again. He makes the mistake of trying to introduce Cas to the best and brightest of all seasonal flavors, only for Cas to fall head over heels for pumpkin spice instead.
One of Cas’ hands shifts, slides down Dean’s spine to the waistband of his boxers, fingers teasing against the curve of his lower back, and it’s like every touch is a flame against his skin. Dean grunts, pressing back into the touch, and he feels Cas’ lips curve into a smile against his own.
“Your own beverage is flavored with fake sugary crap,” Cas points out.
Something wet drips onto the back of his hand, and Dean opens his eyes in surprise to find himself crying, Sam still hovering next to him like some sort of overgrown puppy. Another tear falls on his knuckles as he blinks, trying to recenter himself.
Nothing breaks the silence, and the call goes to voicemail once more. Dean hangs up and quickly calls Charlie instead, pacing back and forth in the ruined workroom, glass crunching underfoot.
Sam shakes his head, jaw set. “No, Dean,” he says. “You can’t help with this.” His tone is final, resolute.
On one of the worktables, an empty glass jar explodes, sending shards scattering across the room with a sharp noise. For a moment, everything is quiet.
Ralph chooses that moment to set their food in front of the three of them, and Dean tucks into his burrito in all its cheesy glory. Cas also appears taken with his shrimp tacos, and Sam takes a bite of rice before putting his fork down.
He sits down across the table from Cas and, before he can second guess himself, reaches out and takes one of his hands in his own. “Hey,” he says, and waits until Cas looks at him to continue. “You’re fine. We’re gonna figure it out, okay?”
“Wh--Cas! Come on, Chuck made me
, no headphones on in the spell chamber, no watching Netflix in the spell chamber, no unbuttoned or unzippered coats in the spell chamber--”
Also, who the hell would even believe him? Other than Sam, maybe, and that was a whole can of worms that Dean didn’t want to touch with a ten-foot pole. He’d seen Sam once, right when he got back and was a huge nervous mess from the flight; Sam had picked him up from the airport, but he had been so afraid that Sam was about to fall asleep at the wheel that he’d demanded to drive instead. Sam had frowned at him sleepily, asked something about Cas, and then just nodded and fallen asleep when Dean had grunted out a gruff, “Gone. Don’t wanna talk about it.”
On the other side of the clearing, Sam helps Rowena stand, the two of them clearly exhausted but otherwise unharmed. Dean uses the wall of the cabin to stand as well, the back of his head still aching, but he no longer feels like he wants to throw up when he moves. Body stiff and battered, he limps his way over to his brother and Rowena.
Cas sends one last hard look at Benny’s back, then turns back to Dean. “He’s one of your friends?” he asks, and Dean snorts at his disbelieving tone.
Rowena rolls her eyes and sets down her notepad. “Honestly, you walk in on one little tryst and immediately get your panties in a bunch. I thought I’d taught you better than that.”
Dean’s heart aches for a moment at the reminder, but he shakes his head. “I don’t blame you, Cas. You were trying to keep me safe. We can move past that, but it’s not going to happen again.”
Another groan comes from the other side of the dumpster.
Castiel appears to think for another moment, then shakes his head very slightly. “Just Castiel,” he says. “If I have a last name… I can’t remember. I’m not even sure where I am, honestly.”
“How did you get in here?” Dean asks, and immediately wants to shoot himself in the foot for the way his voice sounds creaky, desperate.
did it. That they’re going to win.
He doesn’t really know what he’s begging for, but Cas seems to, pulling off of Dean with a soft, obscene noise. Moonlight shifts, liquid and slow, over his face, showing Dean his red, perfect mouth, the way his tongue darts into the corner of his lips to lick away a drop of precome. A desperate, aching noise punches out of Dean, heat spreading like molten lava through his belly and up his spine.
, like someone stuck a piece of metal into it and ran a lightning bolt through it. The clip is entirely black and blasted out and the plastic around it looks slightly melted and bent. “Dude, what the hell happened?” he finally says, taking the device and examining it more closely. The inside is totally warped and unusable, nothing but melted lumps of metal and charcoal, basically. He shakes it next to his ear and hears something rattle loosely inside.
“Thank you, Dean. I should probably head out now, my manager mentioned some training tapes that I need to begin reviewing immediately.” Cas sets down his fork and stands, adjusting the collar of his shirt awkwardly. Dean’s fingers itch to smooth it back down, and he gives in to the impulse, crossing the room to adjust the rumpled cloth. The tips of his fingers accidentally brush against the line of Cas’ throat for a moment, still a little stubbly even after he shaved that morning, and Dean has to fight back the shudder that tries to race up his spine.
He wants to go into his room and listen to music and block out the world. He wants to go back and yell at Sam, beg him to just talk to Dean. He wants to go for a long drive and maybe not look back. He wants to hug Sam like he’s 5 years old again.
Sam just shakes his head without turning back. “No, I’m not hungry. You can have it if you want.” The door to the restaurant jingles faintly as it shuts behind him.
“This is probably the stupidest thing I’ve ever done, but… Dean, if you’re listening to this somehow, they’re taking us somewhere called North Cove, I think. It’s on the West Coast from what I’ve heard. I don’t know -- something about the ocean. They did something to me and Rowena --”
Castiel blinks. He’s known Dean for over ten years, has held his very soul in his hands, and yet somehow, he’s still surprised by him. Dean is looking at him with an almost desperate longing, and, well.
His nose collides painfully with Cas’ chin, and something feels like it’s snapped in his knee as he goes down with a shout. His bruised tailbone from earlier flares as he lands on the hard floor (again). He thinks he knocks his head into the edge of the bed frame, but he’s not really sure, but the sharp pain at the base of his skull confirms it.
Dean should have seen it coming, but Cas obviously loves being out in the water again, diving through waves like he was born to do it. His long, powerful arms and strong legs propel him forward with ease; he must have been a competitive swimmer in his previous life. Dean joins him for a bit, the ocean cool and refreshing against his already sun-reddened skin, but he’s pretty content to sit under an umbrella on the beach, drinking beers out of a cooler they’d found in the cottage and watching Cas swim. He reads for a bit, making his way through a well-thumbed copy of
“I am being nice!” Benny insists, spreading his hands in suppliance, though there’s an amused glint in his eye. “Can’t two fellas just have a nice chat without someone accusing them of fighting?”
“Oh,” Cas says, and pushes himself up on the couch, looking around with a small frown. “Did Charlie leave without saying goodbye?”
With a concerted effort, Dean unclenches his hands, giving Cas a smile that most likely looks more like a grimace. “Yeah, I’m good, sorry about all of that. Just worried about Sam. He sometimes bites off more than he can chew, and it’s hurt him in the past.”
“You know,” Dean says, trying to explain, “a last name. My full name’s Dean Winchester. Winchester is my last name.”
or some other empty platitude that they both pretend fixes things. Maybe he knows what Dean wants to say, but he doesn’t want to hear it. A familiar flash of hurt rears its head in Dean’s gut, hot and angry, and it would be so easy to give into it, so easy to snarl out an expectant
“From what I understand, there are plenty of nurses who are not as good at their jobs as you are.”
“He can walk here,” Dean growls, but he slumps over, forcibly making himself stop fidgeting. “Man, I know he can get wrapped up in his work sometimes, but he’s never been this late before. Especially not when it’s been like two months since we’ve hung out.”
he hasn’t been spending a ton of time outside. And yeah, okay, Dean might’ve seen everything up close and personal the first time he’d ever met Cas, but he’d been pretty focused on saving the dude’s life rather than trying to memorize the curve of his collarbone or the cut of his hip. This is… this is torture, is what it is. And Dean can only blame himself.
“Fine. You have to be nice to me or I won’t return this morning’s favor later.” Cas smirks dangerously.
That makes Cas frown and prop himself up on his elbow; Dean kind of wants to kick himself for making Cas move off of him, but Cas is staring down at him, eyes narrowed. “You’re not just
“Why me?” Dean gestures between them helplessly. “Sam and I… got into it pretty bad recently. He won’t listen to me. And -- and I don’t even know what’s going on, not really, so unless you wanna let me in on whatever has your selkie pants all bunched up --”
The kiss tastes salty, and Dean wonders for a moment if this is how Cas tastes now, like the sea. But then he realizes no: he’s crying, silent tears running down his cheeks and mingling with their lips as he flexes his stiff fingers above his head.
But Uriel just grabs Dean by the throat, lifting him up into the air. Dean chokes, scrabbling at the hand clenched tight around his airway, legs kicking wildly. The selkie bares his teeth in a menacing smile, white against the darkness, squeezing his hand tighter. “Getting rid of you mud monkeys is going to be so satisfying,” he says. “How fitting to start with you, interloper.” Dean writhes and struggles in his grip, dark spots creeping up at the side of his vision as he fights for air. He can feel his hands getting weaker as he loses oxygen, wonders if he’ll die of asphyxia or because his windpipe gets crushed.
And Dean sure as hell doesn’t mind taking care of Cas -- he wouldn’t be a nurse if he didn’t like taking care of people -- but he also isn’t stupid. He generally knows when to step back and give someone the space they need to grow.
, and Cas seems to realize this, leaning back to add more lube to his hand before pressing a finger against Dean, cool and slick as he slips inside. Dean gasps like he’s been shocked, but Cas eases him through it, shifting inside of Dean like he’s memorizing him from the inside out.
Dean sets the whiskey down and steps forward, and Castiel has just a moment to wonder if telling him was the right thing to do. If Dean won’t shake his head and say
for Dean. Rebelled for Dean.
There are words falling from his lips, an incoherent stream that mostly consists of begging and Cas’ name, and Cas has his face tucked into the curve of Dean’s neck, lips brushing the line of his throat. He’s murmuring something that Dean can’t make out, but his rhythm grows sharper, more disjointed, and Dean knows he’s getting close, knows he’s going to fill him up soon, leave his mark inside of Dean, a brand to match the handprint on his shoulder, the sigils carved into his ribs. Castiel has marked him from the inside out; written himself into Dean’s body, remade him, knitted his flesh back together, breathed air back into his lungs. He’s filled Dean with life, with purpose, and given himself over to Dean, given himself
He opens it with a soft
He cuts himself off with a gasp as Cas’ hand on his back slides lower, the tip of one lube-slick finger nudging against where he’s already stretched wide. It’ll burn, and Dean will ache tomorrow, but suddenly it’s all he wants, and he nods desperately, says, “Yeah, do it, please. Want you to,” and Cas catches him in another kiss, tongue slipping hot into Dean’s mouth, shutting him up.
, and Dean would find that funnier if he weren’t about to explode from mortification. His throat works but no sound comes out, and Cas isn’t moving above him, completely still like a statue.
“This is… tedious,” Cas admits. “Maybe this pool hall is more recent than the Men of Letters’ historical records can account for.”
“Hm?” Dean sits up, the book in his lap sliding to the floor with a thwap. “Whoops,” he says, then realizes that Cas is talking to him. “Oh. Just bored out of my skull.” He gestures at the discarded piles of books around them. “We’ve been through all this stuff and haven’t even found a
Dean realizes he’s standing in the doorway to his room, staring blankly at his bed, blankets made with military precision to belie the rows of empty beer bottles ringed around it. He’d had a shot (or two, or three) before burning Lee’s body, but his fingers itch again to close around cool glass. Knows he shouldn’t, but there’s a bottle of Jim Beam under the mattress for situations like this, and he fishes it out, cracks the seal and takes a long swig, fire rushing down his throat to settle uneasily in his stomach. It burns. He wishes it hurt worse.
echoes between them, and what wouldn’t Castiel give to no longer be the bearer of terrible news to Dean; but it’s better this way, he knows, because if he can redirect Dean’s anger towards Jack’s plight, then he most likely won’t notice Castiel slipping away once more.
“You don’t have to look so shocked,” Cas mutters.
“Stop them from doing what?” Dean asks, walking around the couch to take Cas’ face in his hands. Cas steps back, though; the sting of rejection slaps across Dean’s face so hard it feels like whiplash.
“But Sam --”
“So unless we have something connected to a friend or family member, there’s nothing you can do to help Cas?” Dean asks, ignoring Castiel.
“Hey, Dean! Come on in. And this is your friend, I’m guessing?” he asks, stepping back to let them in. An oak-panelled hallway stretches behind him, lit by dim sconces in burnished copper sheaths. The smell of fresh coffee floats down the length of the corridor.
“What?”
to do, instead of wanting to.
“Pancakes?” Cas sounds confused, and Dean turns his head in surprise.
“Hey, no, you did the right thing,” Dean consoles. “So this was just out of the blue? You didn’t have an aura yesterday that you didn’t tell me about? No small headaches or other pain?”
Sucking his bottom lip between his teeth, Dean considers the options. “You have a pretty severe case of post-traumatic retrograde amnesia going on,” he outlines, “and there’s no knowing if or when those memories will come back. It could be in fifteen minutes, it could be a year from now, it could be never. As far as I know, you didn’t have any ID on you when I found you since you were, uh. Naked.” He feels his face heating up because apparently he’s a disaster creep who can’t get his shit together, but he plows ahead. “If you’re from around here, you might have family or friends looking for you, and Sam might be able to help out with a tracking spell or something. What do you think? You can stay with me until we figure this out, if you want.”
“Sorry, was just checking that you’re still there.” He hears rustling over the call. “I can’t see my phone screen anymore, I’m sitting on the floor and forgot to take it with me, I wasn’t sure if you had hung up.”
He knows they definitely need to talk more, have a few more heart-to-hearts and maybe another couple of fights to get it all out, but in the week before they head out for Alaska, Dean finds himself gravitating to Cas. He knows Cas wasn’t gone all that long after their quote-unquote
“So he didn’t tell you that he knew what poor Sam here was doing to himself, and the witch too? He didn’t tell you that they’ve been working for me, getting themselves ready for today? We’re so close, Dean. We’re all so close.”
“Shit,” Dean says, trying to jump backwards on his goddamn knees. They bang against the ground and send sparks of pain shooting up his legs. He’s in his scrubs and his coat, kneeling on the dirty ground next to a naked beat up guy who’s spewing bodily fluids all over the place, and not a piece of PPE in sight. This is like the perfect storm to get hepatitis or something. Thinking quickly, he sighs and makes a decision he hopes he doesn’t regret in a few hours.
“Fallin’ into Dean’s hospitality real quick, aren’t ya,” Benny drawls, eyeing Cas over. “Not taking advantage of my boy, hm?” His tone is somewhere between joking and all too serious, and Dean kind of wants to put his head down on the (not at all grimy, if Benny ever heard him say his diner was grimy he’d throw Dean into a river for real) tabletop.
Dean stares after him, tries to think of something to say. Just like the last time Cas walked away from him, but nothing comes except for another, “Good.” Exasperated. At himself? At Cas? Dean doesn’t know. He follows after him, though.
“I’m holding you to that,” she says. “And seriously, if you change your mind about looking for Cas--”
“You could always enlighten me.”
Cas’ eyes dim a little, catching Dean off guard. “You know I appreciate everything you’re doing to help me,” he says, “but I hope you don’t feel like I’m taking advantage of your kindness. Obviously I can’t repay you right now --”
, Cas, whether or not you get your memories back, I promise I’ll still be your friend. Unless you’re a serial killer, I guess.”
Nick tilts his head, the gesture strangely reminiscent of Cas. “Whatever I’m doing? Oh, did Castiel not impart all of his wisdom unto you? Just used you as his errand boy, keeping you in the dark?” he jeers.
“Hello, you must be Charlie,” he says, carefully marking his page with a bookmark and standing up. “Dean told me you’d be visiting tonight. It’s nice to meet you. I’m Castiel.” He holds out a hand in greeting, which Charlie promptly ignores, bounding forward and wrapping him up in a hug.
One of the orderlies sighs and nods, scurrying down the hallway with her too-quick inhuman gait. Dean closes his eyes for just a moment, because he knows what comes next.
“Hello, boys,” Rowena says from behind them, interrupting their bickering. “What’s got your panties in a twist this time, Dean?” She looks better than Sam, but only just, and Dean suspects a heavy reliance on makeup to disguise her exhaustion.
Dean grits his teeth, the edge of the counter cutting into his palms from how hard he’s gripping it. He feels almost lightheaded, but he forces air into his lungs, forces the words out of his mouth. Keeping them in now hurts more than letting them out ever will. “He said he loved me.”
Shaking his head, Cas zips up his bag, setting it down on the couch. He picks up the silver hide, pulling it over his shoulders like a cloak. It settles awkwardly over him, a little too big, made to fit Uriel’s larger frame. Even though it looks a little strange, Cas seems to stand taller while he wears it. “The best thing you can do is forget about me,” he says. “Go home, watch out for Sam. But I have to go.”
The bushes next to the sidewalk rustle and Dean looks up, hoping to see the rabbit that several of his fellow nurses mentioned has been hanging out around the hospital for the past few mornings.
The outside of the cottage is weather beaten but well-maintained, with a small deck off the back that has steps down to a short trail that leads to the beach. Cas stands on his toes and runs his hand across the top of the doorframe to retrieve the key. The interior is spare but homey, the furniture old and worn but sturdy. The bedroom has a large window that looks out on the beach, promising what Dean can only imagine will be some pretty spectacular sunsets. The sheets on the bed are clean and there are towels in the bathroom, and Cas finds a coffee maker under the kitchen sink. Dean feels the rest of the tension from the flight melt slowly from his bones.
The wind cuts out as he slides into Baby, the engine turning over with a growl as he starts her up. He doesn’t turn on the radio.
He shuts the engine off and climbs out of the car, walking down to the water’s edge. A thrush warbles nearby, but otherwise no noise breaks the natural silence of the mid-morning air.
His phone vibrates in his hand, snapping him out of his haze, and he looks back down at it. Sam’s name flashes across the screen.
“No problem,” Dean wheezes out. God, he has
yet, even though they’ve spent every night in bed together for the past week. They’ve been too caught up in the newness of each other to have any kind of talk yet, but Dean knows he’s already in too deep to want to get out any time soon. “Uh, yeah. Me and Cas. We hooked up a few days ago, and, you know, it’s been really good,” he finishes lamely, but he doesn’t know what else to say.
“Something wrong, Dean?” Cas questions mildly, not even looking up from the dusty, leather bound tome he’s holding in his hands. Idly, Dean wonders why every single book the Men of Letters ever collected seem to be only bound in leather. Maybe they had really strict aesthetic rules. An official Men of Letters style guide. There’s probably a copy of it somewhere in the library, bound in musty leather and detailing exactly how high up they all had to wear their sock garters.
to hospitals, it was going to be difficult to get him checked out, much less to see a neurologist. Dean flips another couple of pancakes onto a plate. He might be able to ask Rowena to take a look at him, even though he knows she hates taking on charity cases. But she and Sam owed Dean after he’d helped them patch up their workshop after a botched spell had resulted in a pretty nasty fire slime --
to get his mouth around it, like yesterday. Arousal churns in his gut and his own cock jerks, precome already starting to bead at the tip.
Sam gives him Bitchface Number Twenty-seven (“You’re being an obtuse jerk, Dean”). “It’s not a wild goose chase, not to me at least. These stories and legends, they’ve gotta come from some place that’s factual. Every story has its basis in truth somehow. We’re searching for new connections and information that these myths might tell us that can aid us with the project we’re working on.”
. A moan tumbles from his lips at the feeling of Cas’ hardness digging into his thigh, presses his own into the hard line of Cas’ hip and grinds.
It’s a short, chaste kiss, barely more than a brushing of their mouths together, but they stare at each other wide-eyed after it. Castiel can see the golden flecks in the depths of Dean’s eyes, the way his eyelashes fan out in a thick line, the smattering of freckles across his nose, persistent even in the wintery underground light of the bunker.
Dean’s heel knocks against something and sends it tumbling to the floor with a clink, and his brain has just enough time to think
“Not even Hallmark was safe when you had your brain drain, huh.”
“If there’s something you need to tell me, just tell me,” he says, trying to rein in his emotions, to remember what the counselor had told him at the clinic when he’d picked Sam up.
is totally the best! I cry every time I watch it!” Charlie objects, and honestly, Dean should have seen this coming.
“Hold on, you saw
Cas grimaces. “I don’t know,” he says.
without him knowing. Sure, it’s been a while since his last relationship ended, but he is
Damn. Busted. “No,” Dean admits, bringing the beer to his lips. Nearly empty.
Dean realizes he’s left his water glass behind for Dean to clean up. He chuckles, shaking his head. “Dick,” he says fondly.
“How can you tell?” he says after a momentary struggle to coordinate signals between his brain and his mouth. The light turns green.
The man gives a small smile and nods. “They’re warm,” he says, voice husky. His eyelids seem to be drooping, which, oh no, that’s not allowed to happen.
“What do you mean, in case something goes wrong?”
He shouldn’t, but Castiel feels himself begin to soften, his shoulders losing some of their rigidity in the face of Dean’s own honesty. And this will probably backfire in some way, will probably end in more pain than Castiel can bear, he should continue to shoulder this burden on his own, but…
Cas nods, serious. “Yes,” he agrees. He shifts Jack in his arms, his smile returning. “Then I guess you should know that I love you, too.”
“I don’t know,” she begins, still sobbing. Her hands clench in her lap.
“If we’re dealing with Chuck’s Extra Normal Surprise Special,” Sam says, “then we need to make sure we’re prepared. And getting to Alaska is going to take some doing. Let’s do our research first.”
“Hell if I know,” the doctor shrugs. “And from what I can tell, it’s permanent.”
to do a million times, but the bastard never seems to care-- “C’mon, bed,” Dean says again, ignores how it comes out on the edge of a whine. He starts backing up, trying to go slow, not wanting to lose the feeling of Cas pressed up against him, Cas kissing him slow and deep and dirty.
“Wait, hold on,” Dean says, trying to reorder his jumbled thoughts. Cas’s hair is wrecked from Dean’s hands, his lips red and wet, and it takes everything he has not to fall back into Cas’ hold. “Just wait a second, Cas, do you know what’s going on? Do you remember this? I don’t want to, uh, overwhelm you, or anything, or do anything you’re uncomfortable with, and you’re a pretty fucking good kisser but I dunno if that’s just muscle memory or what --” He’s babbling, and Cas’ eyebrows are drawing together in confusion, and oh, god, Dean can’t believe he’s wrecked this before it’s even started.
He puts the bottle down, stretches out on his bed. The darkness wobbles above him, dizzying, endless. He closes his eyes, but it doesn’t go away. Doesn’t stop.
The blonde woman rolls her eyes. “I don’t think that’s something we’ll really have to worry about,” she says, and Zachariah grins next to her.
Cas gasps above him, hand tightening in Dean’s hair, says, “Fuck, Dean, your mouth,” with a wondering tone. Dean takes a breath through his nose and presses down again, taking even more, until his nose is pressed into the wiry hair at the base of Cas’ dick. Cas groans, loud and deep, both hands in Dean’s hair now, pulling in the way that sends sparks tingling down his spine and makes Dean moan and close his eyes.
“Let’s do a rain check on that, maybe,” he says, fishing around for a better excuse than just ‘I’m a sad pathetic sack of shit and I don’t want you to see that.’ His eyes alight on a large blue post-it note covered in his messy scrawl, Sam’s name underlined three times. His brain spits back a half-drunk memory at him of a text that he’d received most of the way through last night’s round of heavy consumption. “I’m actually supposed to help Sam and Rowena with some stuff at their office later today.”
Dean has to agree; the last time he went to the beach was with his parents, nearly two decades ago in Rhode Island. He remembers standing on a spit of rocks as waves crashed against it, throwing mist into the air against his face, the air a little more chilly on the New England coastline than it is here. He’d helped Sam scramble over the wet rocks and the two of them had stood there for a few minutes, just staring at the gray-blue waves before Sam had demanded his help looking for tide pools.
That ache from before blooms once more inside of Dean, and he lifts up his beer to show Sam. “Couldn’t sleep.”
“We may also need to consider the fact that you’re getting older, Dean.”
“Talk to you later,” he promises.
giving you sponge baths?” Sam asks, but he elbows Dean in the side, a real smile breaking out over his face. “I can’t believe you’re dating the dude with no memory you found beat up in an alley. But as long as you’re happy, then that’s great.” He smirks. “Though I won’t say I didn’t see this coming.”
He pats Cas’ shoulder quickly and steps back, hoping that his face isn’t turning red. “You good to go?” he chokes out, and his voice only sounds a little strangled to his own ears at least.
“Trying to work with a migraine is hell on earth, believe me, I know. Don’t worry about it.” She gives him a kind smile.
“Yes. Sergei, the shaman who occasionally worked with the British Men of Letters? He mentioned wanting it when I had him heal Sam from the Equalizer wound.”
“Well,” Castiel says, still sounding a bit unsure, “I suppose another few days of recovery are necessary, if that’s fine by you.”
Dean’s fingers go numb, and his keys drop to the floor with a harsh clash that jangles across his nerves. Hope rises like an inferno in his chest before being doused just as quickly. Because Cas is… Cas is
Sam’s phone, flashing 10% battery life as Dean bends down to pick it up.
“You are so lucky I’m here, Castiel. I have a feeling you’re more of a Next Generation guy, but we’ll start you off old school with some TOS. Ooh, I bet you’ll love DS9, too,” she says, “but we’ll see what we can get through tonight. Don’t worry, I’ll take good care of you and your first forays into nerdom. Or maybe not your first forays, but the first ones you can remember, I guess. But first I have to help the traitor here with some boring favor.”
“If you’re gonna start monologuing at me, just skip it,” Dean says. “I really don’t give a shit.” He backs up slowly towards the altar, trying to maintain his distance from Nick. If he can just get next to it, he can --
“Damn straight.”
Cas presses kisses to the insides of his thighs, his teeth stinging as he shifts down on the bed. It creaks softly underneath them, and Dean curls his fingers and toes in the soft, worn sheets, trying to ground himself. Cas pulls away for a moment, and Dean bites back the whine that builds in his throat, only to gasp it out at the way Cas’ thumb presses soft and exploratory against his hole, followed by Cas’ lips. He laves at his entrance with his tongue, holding Dean down by his hips as he licks at him over and over again, then stiffens his tongue and presses inside.
Dean frowns, looking between the destroyed oximeter and the monitor. “A power surge?” he asks, moving around the oximeter to take a look at the outlet he’d plugged the machine into weeks ago. The outlet looks fine: no black streaks, no charring, not even a hint of melted plastic or lingering static electricity. “Did you stick a live wire into the oximeter and blast it or something? Because normally power surges come from outlets, not the other way around.”
“Wait, what? What do you mean, they’ve been taken? Taken by who?”
“Castiel Novak, huh?” Dean muses to break the silence. “Not bad. I think it works for you.”
“Later,” Dean says. “Shower time first.”
“There are a couple of options we could try, depending on how big an area you want to search. And they all require something connected to the person or people you’re trying to find, like a lock of hair, or a possession of some kind.”
Taking the case, Dean turns it over in his hands. The regular box art is gone, replaced by a plain piece of lined paper with
“What do you propose,” he says instead, looking Dean square in the eye. “That I sit here in the bunker, twiddling my thumbs until Billie shows up and leads us to our final task? Or should I go solve some more human crimes, perhaps. If I leave, I can be useful. I can look for information. There are risks, but as you know now, everything I do carries an unavoidable risk. So what would you have me do?”
He watches as Dean grasps for words, his eyes darting over Castiel’s face. Something steels in his gaze, and then it’s as though the universe is simultaneously moving too fast and too slow at the same time, because Dean is leaning in, erasing the final few inches between them, and then his lips are on Castiel’s, soft and a little chapped, a hint of whiskey on his breath.
Cas pulls back from the embrace first, but he doesn’t go far. His eyes are red-rimmed and he swipes his hand down his face, clearly exhausted. “I’m sorry,” he says, and at least his voice sounds more normal now. “This is… if I’ve felt this feeling before, I don’t remember. It’s hard to deal with.”
“Even when we get it right, something happens,” Dean says, slapping a hand to his forehead incredulously.
Dean pulls out his phone and sends a quick text to Sam.
“I’ve created a monster.”
“Dean, wake up,” Eileen says above him, her brown eyes warm as she leans over to shake his shoulder again. “Sam and I made breakfast, but Sam won’t eat any of the bacon I made. I don’t want to waste it, come eat.” Her face comes into full focus as the last vestiges of sleep slip from Dean’s brain.
Cas doesn’t tease him much more, though, just presses against Dean until the head slips inside. They both gasp, and Cas looks down between them, watches himself sink into Dean’s body, gripping Dean’s hips so tight there will no doubt be bruises tomorrow. He pushes into the hilt, pausing just long enough for Dean to adjust, then pulls back out again, keeping his thrusts slow but hard, filling Dean over and over.
“I told you, I’m gonna get a haircut soon,” Sam grouses, and Dean grins into the phone. “What’s up?”
“C’mon,” he groans, feeling split open, lifts Cas’ face up to kiss him, spit-slick and messy. “Cas, please--”
Heat flushes down Dean’s neck. “Long walks on the beach aren’t actually a Hallmark thing. Just kinda the same sentiment. Dumb, romantic -- that sort of thing.”
Dean grumbles but agrees, and starts looking into other transportation options. He doesn’t want to risk Baby’s undercarriage on the wintry northern roads, especially not when his very touch seems to make her break down. They also have to make sure that at least one set of their fake passports still work. If Charlie’s golden credit card got shut down, they don’t need to try their luck against the federal government
“Bed,” he manages to grit out, blinking up at the ceiling because Cas has tipped his head back and is pressing sucking kisses down his throat, stretching the collar of Dean’s t-shirt like he’s asked Cas
Dean stares up at him, his ass aching (and not in a good way) from the sudden collision with the floor. That was the worst kiss he’s had since he was 16 years old and still learning what to do.
Dean feels his mouth drop open on an automatic deflection, but he doesn’t get any words out in time.
Dean’s life is filled with redheads who are susceptible to flattery.
“Stay,” Dean says thickly, tongue darting out to moisten his lower lip. Castiel follows it for a moment. “We’ll figure it out, Cas. Once we’re done with Chuck.”
“Hey, pal, beat it before I call the cops,” Dean barks. “If you leave us alone, I won’t even tell the world that you actually exist.”
By the time his head hits the pillow, Dean falls asleep almost instantly, his consciousness tumbling into the weightless dark of slumber. He’s never been a good sleeper; too many dreams of fire and pain and pale child faces and blood, too many nights spent reliving all his worst memories since he was four years old. But this time, something seems different. This time, the fires don’t come. There’s no screaming. It’s just… nothing.
By the end of the film, it’s clear that Cas has fallen asleep, head back against the couch and eyes shut. Something in Dean’s chest tightens -- Cas has been working longer hours recently, and has been talking excitedly about Nora possibly promoting him to a manager position. He knows the guy is tired.
“Can you tell us anything about what you’re researching, at least?” Cas asks, tentatively trying a chip. He seems surprised by the flavor, and pulls the basket closer to himself, pulling out the chips with the largest salt flakes visible. “It’s interesting, learning what you and Dean do. It seems so different on the surface, but underneath it’s very similar -- you’re both helping people, just in your own ways.”
“For when I leave later,” Castiel says. “Should I just fold the blanket over the couch?”
,” he seethes. “Not while I still live.” Uriel drops to his knees, blood bubbling from his mouth as he stares up at Cas before slumping over, eyes wide and glassy.
Dean thinks as Cas kisses him again.
“Do you feel like a serial killer?” Dean shoots back.
A few hours later, he’s trying to decide whether or not to crack open another beer. The sun is just starting to sink towards the horizon, the shadows growing longer and longer between the trees as they stretch across the grass and dirt. Most people have left at this point, though there’s a group of campers who are beginning to put up a couple of tents a good distance away. Some of them seem to be trying to start a fire in the park’s fire pit, and Dean would like to leave before they break out the guitars and start singing “Wonderwall,” thank you very much.
As they leave the restaurant, Dean marvels at how clear the evening is, looking out across the water until the horizon line fades into the darkening night sky.
“You have to be nice to me, I’m not feeling well.”
behind his words. “And -- and forgiveness is tough, man. It’s hard. And with the grief, it’s like… some days are nearly impossible. And other days, it feels like I’m nearly there. Maybe I’ll get there, maybe I won’t. But if I’m gonna forgive him, then I need time. Sure, I can forgive him if he’s dead, but what good will that do either of us?” He sucks in a breath. “So I mean it, Cas. I really, really do. Please, stay. Let me help.”
“Hey, for all we know, you were mugged,” Dean points out. “Besides, who you may or may not have been isn’t really the point, is it? It’s who you are now that matters. And I think you’re a cool dude, even if you have questionable Star Trek opinions.”
in a way that makes Dean’s eyes prickle and grow hot. Cas’ own hands come up to carefully lay on Dean’s back as he returns the embrace. “Cas, you came back.”
Dean whips around in the water and loses his footing, the lake closing over his head with a cold slap. It’s disorienting, and he scrambles back up towards the surface, trying not to snort water up his nose. When he comes back up with a gasp -- now thoroughly and completely soaked -- and blinks the water out of his eyes, Cas is standing behind him with a confused look on his face, whole and alive and completely undrowned, the sky incredibly blue and clear above him. “Why did you come in the lake fully clothed?” he asks, and Dean considers the merits of drowning
Behind them, Zachariah and Rachel stand, unsteady on their feet. Cas whirls on them, bloody silver blade still gripped in his hand. Rachel looks at Zachariah, then runs, streaking towards the ocean, shifting into a silver-gray shape as she hits the water.
He thinks about trying to wrap a hand around himself, but Castiel’s hold is unbreakable, and it’s a tenuous desire at best, swept away by the soft head of Cas’ cock striking his prostate over and over. He can feel the orgasm building at the base of his spine, knows it’s not going to take much more to push him over that edge.
“Oh, fuck, I am so sorry!” Sam squeaks,
“Maybe food first?” he suggests, and Cas looks pointedly at his shredded, bloody pants leg. Ah, right. “Um, delivery?” he says instead.
“What do you mean?” Cas carefully forks a small bite of eggs into his mouth, then grabs the salt and liberally sprinkles it on the rest of his food.
Like he’s defusing a bomb, Cas tears open the flap of the envelope. Inside are two sheets of paper: a short note written in Charlie’s scrawl, and an official-looking letter with a card with Cas’ photo attached to the bottom. Dean reads over Cas’ shoulder as he skims down the handwritten note.
“Fuck.”
It’s… an idyllic dream, Dean knows. One that is far more in reach than he ever thought would be possible.
“What do you need?” Cas asks him, sliding his fist up Dean’s dick and twisting at the head. He bites, open-mouthed, at the cord of Dean’s neck. “Tell me, Dean.”
“Afraid so.” Rowena picks up the teacup and takes a long sip. “Sorry, boys. If you can think of anything else we could try, let me know.”
“What do you mean?” Charlie asks, sitting at the other end of the couch, forcing Dean to sit between them. She wiggles her eyebrows at Dean significantly, out of Cas’ eyesight. Dean rolls his eyes but sits down. The old couch dips underneath him -- he really needs to think about replacing it -- and both Cas and Charlie are shifted closer to him, Cas’ shoulder nearly touching his own.
He pulls Cas in for another searing kiss, lining their hips up and grinding, relishing the twin groans it pulls from both of them. Cas puts his hands on Dean’s hips, steering them towards the bed, says, “Dean,” in that gravel-rough tone against Dean’s throat.
Cas hums and keeps petting through his hair. “Did you have another fight with Sam?” he guesses, and dammit, he’s too observant for his own good.
There’s a large bump on the back of the man’s head that feels tender, and it makes him yelp when Dean presses lightly on it. “Don’t touch that!” he says, baring his teeth a little bit at Dean.
the more rational side of his brain tries to ask, but Dean shuts that shit down.
“You good?” he asks, then winces. “I mean, are the blankets okay?” he amends himself. “Sorry, dumb question.”
“Shut up, Winchester, and come pick me up. This isn’t a suggestion.”
“Easy, dude, easy. I was just gonna suggest we move this to a bedroom. Kinda want to be on a bed when I suck your cock.”
when it swings open and Sam steps inside, frowning down at a book in his hands. “So get this,” he says, and then looks directly into Dean’s eyes over Cas’ shoulder.
Castiel nods and picks the blanket up off the floor. “Where should I leave it when I wake up?” he asks.
Even the nearly-constant low background hum of the bunker seems to fade away as Castiel stares into Dean’s eyes, regretful but unbowed.
At least Sam opens the door quickly when Dean knocks, bitchface firmly in place on his pale and haggard face. The circles under his eyes look like permanent bruises at this point, and Dean can practically see his pulse fluttering rapidly in his neck. There’s a length of gauze wrapped around his left pointer finger, like he cut it recently. Dean feels like he should express some sort of surprise over how drastically Sam’s appearance has changed for the worse in just a month and a half since he last saw him, but it’s hard to drag up the energy to do so. “Heya, Sammy,” he says instead, shouldering his way inside and out of the cold, “you look like shit.”
When he feels the edge of the bed against the backs of his thighs, Dean turns them quickly and makes Cas sit down, then drops to his knees on the carpet in front of him. He nudges his way between Cas’ legs, nosing at the jut of Cas’ hip. A hand winds its way into his hair, gripping lightly, and Dean looks up, relishing the slight burn in his scalp. “Yeah?” he asks, his own voice rough, checking one last time. Cas rolls his eyes.
That makes Castiel shrug. “Perhaps.”
“No Quarter” rumbles through the speakers, Robert Plant’s hazy vocals punctuated by the driving guitar. Dean tunnel-visions on the asphalt of the road so hard that everything around him dissolves into the gray mist of the rain that’s still coming down, punctuated by the
Dean gets his feet under him, trying to grab the baby. He needs to get him out of here, needs to get him somewhere safe. Something has to be up with the kid, because he’s not screaming or crying or anything, just dozing calmly on the ground in his sealskin, his little eyelids fluttering occasionally.
Progress, at least.
The message cuts off. Silence hangs in the air between the two of them for a beat, then Charlie rips out her own phone, tapping furiously. “There’s a North Cove, Washington about an eighteen hour drive from here,” she says. “Right on the beach. They’ve got a good head start on us, but we’ve got a chance.”
“This changes nothing,” Uriel says. “We will carry out our mission and leave. Castiel, you have been a disgrace for quite some time now, and I see your deviant ways continue.” He sneers at Dean and Cas’ clasped hands. “Even with no memory, you should have known better than to consort with one of these mud monkeys.”
“Oh, you’re right,” Sam says. He looks at the ports and cables on the back of the monitor and says, “I think she mentioned we’re still waiting on a piece that supports the changes, that must be what this big purple port is for.”
Cas isn’t far behind, groaning as Dean tightens around him, and he presses in and in and in, emptying himself inside of Dean and filling him up, hot and wet and sticky and perfect.
“C’mon, Cas, I can’t --” he pants, breaking off with a thin noise as Cas slips another finger inside of him, all the air rushing out of his lungs.
as he steps on an empty beer bottle and slips.
Oh, and he’s naked. Dean would blink in surprise, but it kind of makes searching for injuries a lot easier.
Dean breaks. He can’t stop himself, drawn like a magnet to the man in front of him who has risked so much to keep him -- no, to keep the entire
Dean had nodded and made some vaguely sympathetic noises about research being the pits, but the truth was he was pretty fucking thrilled about Cas being back in the bunker for a bit. Things between them weren’t exactly fixed, but there had been a definite improvement since Purgatory. Lingering glances, familiar touches on the shoulder or back, conversations that didn’t devolve into hostile words and sarcasm within three minutes… Yeah, things were looking a lot better. Not even Sam burning dinner three nights in a row could put a damper on the strange bubble of lightness in Dean’s chest.
Dean grins down at his phone as he texts Charlie.
“And I should probably tell him I love him, while I’m at it.”
Cas had opened him up with his fingers and tongue, on his knees while Dean had scrabbled at the cold walls of the bunker, trying to keep himself upright. The sneaky fucker had also tucked a thing of lube into one of the pockets of his trench coat, which made Dean choke out a laugh when he’d felt the cold shock of it as Cas slipped a finger into him. “You expecting this?” he’d asked around a moan, his legs shaking as Cas carefully bit the inside of his thigh.
Probably not, though, knowing his life.
And that’s the thought that makes Dean shudder and tense, come striping his stomach as he moans, feels Cas’ fingers tighten around his, Cas’ hips stutter against him.
“How noble,” Rowena flutters her eyes at them. “Such declarations -- makes me feel like I’m a wee lass watching one of my ma’s stories with her again.”
“Why not?”
--staring up at him, the ring of unearthly blue taken over by black in his eyes, and he kisses him, bites the well of Cas’ lower lip. Says, “C’mon, Cas, fuck me,” and squeezes around Cas’ still-hard dick as best he can.
“No,” Dean says, muffled by the pillow. “I’m just gonna smother myself and get it over with already.”
Some small voice inside of him screams that he needs to apologize, but he shoves that down and away, covering it over with fear and anger. It’s only three in the afternoon, but hey, it’s his day off. He’s allowed a drink. Maybe two.
Charlie squeezes him lightly. “Fair enough. But don’t make yourself miserable over what ifs, okay?”
He doesn’t even think, just runs down the stairs and around the outside, flying across the rocky ground, almost stumbling over some exposed roots. Turning the corner, he sees two bodies lying on the ground, a blonde man in a well-tailored jacket kneeling over one of them, face obscured, holding a pointed silver blade to their throat. He’s chanting something that Dean can’t hear, but he would recognize the bright red locks of hair of the body under him anywhere. Rowena. And the person lying next to her -- yeah, that’s Sam. They’re both unmoving, even as the man starts to bring the blade down, clearly about to slit Rowena’s throat.
“You’re beautiful like this,” Cas says, shifting up to his knees and reaching over the side of the bed to where his duffel bag is laying on the ground -- lazy bastard had barely unpacked, just thrown it there when they’d arrived. Dean makes a soft, wanting noise as Cas’ finger slips out of him, but all is forgiven when Cas comes back with a bottle of lube.
Swallowing against an instinctive burst of fear, Dean glares right back at him. “I already told you I wouldn’t make you go to a hospital,” he snaps. “If I was lying, you’d already be at one. Are you gonna trust me or not?”
All Dean can do is bring the fresh beer to his lips in the silence, and then Sam opens his mouth and asks, “Is this about Cas?”
!” It shouts the last word, flying up so close to Dean that he has to flinch away, the fury a living thing between them. The Empty’s chest heaves, but Dean can’t feel any hot breath against his face. “Why are you here! I want to sleep!”
Cas sighs. “You can’t help me with this,” he says, “you don’t have the magic that would --” He cuts himself off, eyes going wide as he realizes what he’s said.
“Vernal equinox, last year.”
Sam rolls his eyes. “I’m fine,” he insists, his own voice flat. “I’m working hard, but it’s not like I’m killing myself on this project or anything.”
“A queen accepts her titles with grace and benevolence,” Charlie sniffs. She takes a sip of her beer and sets it on the coffee table, then starts to type. “Okay, buckaroos, let’s get this show on the road, yeah?”
Dean gets into the car and turns it on, turning the heat on low enough that it won’t feel like burning air to the man. “Hey,” he says, turning towards him and snapping his fingers in his face a few times. It’s rude but has the intended effect, as the man jerks up and looks more alert. “No sleeping until we get to my place and I can figure out what’s going on with your head,” Dean warns. “Which means you gotta talk to me.”
“Dean… in case something goes wrong and I don’t make it back, there’s something you and Sam need to know.”
“Coastal versus landlocked, man,” Dean points out. “But you’re right, this is awesome. Can’t get a meal like this back home.”
Sam’s voice breaks through, and he looks around. They’re all looking at him: Sam and Eileen, sitting so close their thighs are touching on the bed, and Castiel, his arms crossed, his face showing nothing. He looks like a replica of the first time Dean had ever met Cas: emotionless, righteous. Stick up his ass angel.
“Yes.”
Four months ago, Dean didn’t think he’d ever get to have this again, and if you’d asked him then he’d have said he was fine with that. He was too angry, too grief-stricken to realize what he was pushing away.
Maybe Cas’ strange shower habits aren’t so bad.
“And I don’t know what I’m supposed to think!” Dean exclaims, fear twisting inside him. “You look like you haven’t slept in, hell, two months, you’ve barely been eating, and you keep talking about increasing your power! Ruby ain’t around to push you into it this time, but I know how you think, Sam! Whatever it takes, right? Whatever you gotta do and damn the consequences.” He takes a deep breath, squeezing his eyes shut. “Whatever is going on, it’s not worth the drug and you know it.”
“Yeah, yeah, I know,” Dean says wearily. He closes the med kit still sitting next to him. “Do you know where you’re from? Is there anyone you can call, like a family member or a friend?”
“It’s nothing bad, I swear,” Dean promises. “But, uh, me and Cas --” he stops again, because technically he and Cas haven’t really made anything
“I don’t know for sure, but I think maybe by whoever they’ve been working for. Cas came by last night, and he told me that I had to get Sam and Rowena to stop working --”
“Not that I’m not happy for you guys, and, obviously, thanks for saving us and everything,” he says, rubbing his hand through the hair at the back of his head, “but could we talk about next steps? I’m -- I’d love to go home. And maybe sleep for an entire month.”
“How many times do I have to say
“Cas, I’m so sorry,” he says, a sudden lump in his throat. This was everything Cas had fought to regain, lost once again in seconds.
Dean frowns and glances at him from the corner of his eye. “That’s not a great sign,” he says. “Impaired memory and memory loss are pretty concrete symptoms of a bad concussion, and maybe something even worse. Do you remember what happened?”
He blinks rapidly, and Castiel’s head tilts a degree to the side. “Um,” Dean says, scrambling for his derailed train of thought, “right, okay, I just need to… uh, if you could pull the blanket down, I’ll finish patching you up.”
Dean stands in his dream surrounded by nothing but flat darkness, though he can see just fine. It’s a little disorienting, to look down at his feet and not be able to tell what he’s standing on, to look around and feel both wide open and claustrophobic all at once. Actually, this isn’t darkness, he realizes; he knows what that feels like, the crushing and oppressive weight that Amara had settled over his lungs and run through his heart. This is more like
Cas rolls his eyes, but steps forward and pulls Dean into a kiss, soft and short and sweet. “We’ll figure it out,” he promises.
“Better. Somehow I always forget how debilitating a migraine can be.”
Dean blushes as he remembers the sloppy blowjob he’d given Cas in the shower, the tile digging into his knees as Cas had moaned above him. There hadn’t been time for any reciprocation; Dean had been too worked up anyway and had come almost as soon as Cas pulled him up and thrust a thigh between Dean’s legs, kissing him hard and just barely touching his dick.
Dean is quiet for a moment, closing his eyes against the sensation of Cas’ thumb unconsciously swiping back and forth over his knee. He blows out a breath, eyes still closed, and says, apropos of nothing, “I’m the only person in my family with no magic.”
Suddenly there’s a sharp crash through the speaker, and then Sam sounds far away, saying, “Ah, shit, ah fuck, shit, dammit.”
Dean’s mouth drops open in surprise. “Hey!” he says, offended. None of them pay any attention.
“What’s going on here?” Dean asks, frowning as he moves towards the monitor, running his hands along the plastic casing to see if there’s any physical damage. Nothing immediately jumps out at him, and he glances at Sam, who is picking up the end of the pulse oximeter and holding it out to Dean.
“No hospital. Even though you really should go.”
Dean takes his hand, and they make their way quickly back to the cottage.
Dean backs up a bit and hides the Impala back around the bend of the road, keeping to the treeline as he approaches the cabin. A thick carpet of fallen pine needles muffles his footsteps, and he moves as quickly and silently as he can when he has to cross the gravel to go up the steps leading to the front door.
Would he even have service in the middle of the ocean? Does his phone even work still? Dean isn’t sure how selkie transformation works -- if Cas had his phone in his pocket when he walked out into the waves, did it just fritz out completely, or was it protected by the transformation somehow? He chews on a bite of the burger, thinking hard. Tries to ignore the increasingly concerned look on Benny’s face.
Dean snarls. “Fuck off.”
Sam nods. “I’ll be out front if you need me,” he says.
He pauses, takes a breath, his heart knocking crazily in his chest, the same way it did back when they were in Purgatory, back when he’d gotten so close to telling Cas only to be cut off. But Cas doesn’t cut him off now, just stands in front of him with his eyes wide, the blue of them reflecting the sun’s light back at Dean. Eyes like the sky, and Dean wants to see them looking at him every day.
Dean’s cheeks heat up because, as always, she’s caught him. Having a nerdy best friend is both a blessing and a curse. “I wanted to start him on the essentials,” he explains, though it’s a weak excuse and they both know it. Charlie rolls her eyes but turns back to Castiel.
“This is so fucking embarrassing,” Dean grumbles as he somehow manages to accidentally bite Cas again, and not in a good way. His lips are wet, too, and he scrubs the back of his hand across his mouth, trying to get rid of the sensation. “I can’t believe God specifically hates me so much that he made me bad at
The Empty steps closer to him again, and Dean feels pinned by that too-familiar yet utterly alien gaze. “You’re always the exception to the rule, aren’t you, Dean Winchester,” it says. “You and that angel. So if others can make exceptions for you, then so can I.” It smiles with Cas’ face once more, and Dean hates it, hates the way it makes Cas look wrong and cruel.
be able to do it, because he wanted to? Fuck, his head hurts.
The wayward beer bottle rolls into his hand, gently knocking against his fingers.
Dean grits his teeth, spinning around in a frustrated circle. Papers crunch and tear beneath him. “Charlie, please, we gotta focus here. We can talk about Cas after I find Sam. Please, I need you to help me here.”
Dean wraps his own arms around his little brother, closing his eyes. “Been better. But you’re really okay? He didn’t hurt you?” He steps back and casts a critical eye over his brother.
Dean’s stomach takes that moment to rumble obnoxiously, reminding him very vocally that he hasn’t eaten in several hours. It startles a laugh out of both of them.
It’s been a few years, and there’s no Ruby this time, but…
but wraps his own arms around Dean, fingers digging into his back, face tucked into the curve of Dean’s shoulder.
Sam ducks his head but his eyes glitter in excitement. “Yeah, I know, sorry about that. It’s just… I’ve told you that there’s this big project going on, Rowena and I have been really focused on it. It’s really interesting stuff, honestly, and I wish I could tell you more, except we’re under a pretty tight NDA about it, at least until we’re done researching.”
“Oh. Thank you,” Cas says, sounding confused. Dean attempts to bite back a chuckle, which turns into a weird choked noise in his throat instead, and proceeds to studiously ignore Sam’s glance.
It feels like ice pours down the back of Dean’s spine, mixing with the anger and turning it unbearably cold. “Wow,” Dean says, voice flat. “Okay, I see how it is.” He swallows against the lump that forms suddenly in his throat, trying to keep his face from showing anything. He doesn’t think he succeeds, because Cas makes a small noise and starts to reach out to him.
? Why were they trying to kill you?”
, but the larger part of him doesn’t care. Now that Cas is back and is
“She didn’t want to disturb you, sorry,” Dean apologizes. Cas nods and stands all the way up, stretching his back until an audible crack flashes through the room. “Shit, Cas, you gotta start stretching more, dude,” he says with a wince.
He walks down the hall to the living room, the dark shapes of the furniture barely visible. And then a light flicks on.
He knows he doesn’t have a concussion but even the low lighting in his bedroom seems too bright for his eyes, and the moment he tries to put even the slightest amount of pressure on his knee fire shoots through it, and he collapses back to the floor.
for Dean.
It will be, perhaps, the last celebration he will ever have with Dean. But if he can save Jack -- if he can save all of them -- it will be worth not having any more.
“A flaw that will prove fatal tonight, certainly,” says another voice, this one smug and smarmy sounding. Dean hates it instantly.
Cas’ hand wraps around both of them like a revelation, slick and hot, knocking Dean’s own hand away and making him arch beneath Cas’ weight. He breathes out Cas’ name, a whine caught in his throat as Cas strokes them and noses at the dip of Dean’s clavicle.
Cas holds up a finger with a bandage wrapped tightly around it, which Dean somehow hadn’t noticed. “I accidentally cut myself while slicing a tomato about three days ago, and it hasn’t healed. It wasn’t a very deep cut, either. I’ve also been more fatigued lately, even more so than I would be from work.” His mouth twists a bit, annoyed. “And… I’m not entirely sure how to explain it, but it’s like there’s something
“Works for me,” he says. He heads for what looks like a service door with a rusted out lock on the front. Testing the knob, he finds it unlocked, twisting easily under his hand. He frowns. Something’s not right, but he doesn’t have time to figure out what it could be. Sam is in there, and every moment Dean hesitates is another moment he could be too late.
“Whoa, hold on there,” Benny says with a frown. “You haven’t finished eating yet. Something not right with my cooking today?
“Dean --”
“Dude, he gave me
“So you’re giving up because your brother saw you in a compromising position?”
A hand on his shoulder stops him. “I’m sorry if I worried you,” Cas says, “but I think I’m okay. Being in the water is --” he pauses, clearly searching for the right words. “It’s amazing,” he finishes. “It feels very peaceful here.”
Charlie stares at him, eyes shrewd, then sighs. “There’s a piece or two I’m missing that would help make this all make sense,” she says. “Are you sure you don’t know anything else?”
Cas sighs and puts his book down on the table, turning to face Dean fully, who is once again struck by the realization of just how
Dean grunts but doesn’t answer. Instead he winds his arms around Cas, hugging him awkwardly around the waist.
“No, didn’t even touch us until almost the moment that you showed up. Said he needed as much blood as he could drain from us, and any drop shed beforehand was a drop wasted.”
Cas shakes his head. “I don’t -- I don’t know if I can explain. My head is… it feels all jumbled up right now. But I think --” he pauses, looking at Dean’s ankle, which has swollen to the size of a tennis ball. One hand still holding onto the hide, he reaches out with the other, placing it gently on Dean’s foot.
“I’m just… really glad to see you,” Sam says quietly, bringing his shaking hands up to sign. She smiles up at him in response.
The only reason he leaves his apartment is to go to work. He’s still taking as many shifts as he can, but he can feel the exhaustion creeping through his bones, wearing him down from the inside out. He won’t be able to keep this up much longer.
Dean chuckles and hugs her back. “That’s actually related to the favor I wanted to ask you about. But let me show you around first, and you can meet Cas.”
“I got your message. Sam, is he--”
“No hospitals,” Dean and Cas say in unison. “Yeah, I tried that,” Dean continues. “But Spotless Mind here refuses to go.”
Dean leans in and kisses him.
.” He doesn’t know what he’s begging for, but Castiel must, because his hips, impossibly, speed up, plunging in and out of Dean, and it’s so good, makes Dean beg for
that he should take Sam at his word. But it’s hard to shake the memory of Sam’s voice the first time he’d whispered, “Dean, I think I messed up.” Hard to ignore the obvious parallels between Sam’s pale, work-worn face sitting across from him at the table just now to those sunken eyes and thin frame from five years ago. Dean’s hands curl in his lap, his fingernails biting into his palms.
Cas yawns and says, “You’d have done the same for me,” like this is no big deal, like this isn’t the first time in a long time someone has done something
“You okay, dude?” Dean asks.
while asleep. “I was going to make some food.”
Cas grabs a plastic shopping bag and pulls a DVD case out of it. “Isaac was telling me about this movie he’d watched the other day and how he enjoyed it quite a bit, and since I know you’re a fan of horror movies as well, I thought we could check it out? He loaned me his copy.”
“Okay,” Castiel drops the blanket, letting it pool around his hips on the couch, and if Dean wasn’t a consummate professional he’d totally let himself be distracted by the wall of muscle that greets him. As it is, he kneels down to get a closer look at the bruised skin.
The teacup floats down to settle firmly on the desk as Rowena sighs. “You Winchesters, always so bossy,” she complains, but she strides forward to stare up at Castiel. “Alright, fine, let’s get down to brass tacks. You’re the one who can’t remember anything?”
“Dean,” he says again, and Dean huffs a groan and tries to focus on the sensation of Cas stroking him, callused flesh warm and a little dry as he strokes Dean. Maybe a little too dry--they should think about moving this to the bedroom, soon.
He trusts Sam, he
It doesn’t hurt that Cas had an especially thorough teacher, either, so at least
Cas leans down and kisses him, snapping Dean’s spiral. “Whatever you’re thinking, it’s okay,” he says, giving him a warm smile.
“What else is new,” Sam rolls his eyes. “And takes one to know one. You and your razor not getting along? Looking a little patchy there.”
Dean laughs.)
, Sammy.” “Leave me alone, Dean.”), leaving Dean and Cas to scour the library for anything at all about this place in Alaska Garth mentioned. After going through what feels like a solid sixty percent of the books in the room, Dean gives up with a groan, flopping his head back and staring up at the ceiling.
worth my life, because it’ll be fine. I’ll be fine, I swear. I’m strong, Dean, and I’m getting stronger. I know you can’t wrap your head around it, but maybe one day you’ll understand. Rowena and I… we’re the only ones who can do this.”
He can’t look at Sam. He fucking can’t, because if he does, then he’s gonna shatter, just like he did on the floor that night, with his hands gripping his hair and nothing but his shuddering sobs to fill the air. He can’t tell Sam about the look on Cas’ face as that writhing
From the corner of his eye, Dean sees the crumpled form of the werewolf shudder and begin to rise, pain and fury blazing through their eyes. “Cas!” he shouts, even though it’s probably already too late --
“Of course, my queen,” Dean grins back in response. “Anything for the best technomancer in the kingdom.”
Dean knew they had to get it right one of these times.
“Oooookay,” Dean says, tapping his fingers against the soft leather of the steering wheel. “I’ll pick the topic, I guess. What’s your name, for starters?”
He meant the words in the moment, but now they sound empty to his ears. He brings the bottle to his lips again, coughs a little as it burns.
Cas groans and pulls back, only to kiss up Dean’s throat, which has Dean panting and widening his stance, trying to bring as much of their bodies into contact as he can. “Fuck,” he grits out, heat coursing through him. Cas is hard against his hip, the line of his dick obvious even through several layers of clothing, and Dean’s mouth waters a little bit, thinks about sinking to his (slightly aching) knees to wrap his lips around it the way he’d just done to the bottle.
Cas takes the news about their onslaught of normal problems with a slightly raised eyebrow and a considering look. “This is a good sign,” he says, ignoring Dean’s irritated squawk, “it means Chuck considers you a true threat, as he should. And these aren’t just regular problems at this point. He’s trying to swamp you. Most normal people don’t have to deal with seventeen cavities at once, or a well-maintained car suddenly and repeatedly breaking down on them. Chuck is trying to break you.” He pauses, thinking for a moment, and Dean feels his heart thump unsteadily in his chest at the familiar sight of Cas’ furrowed brow. “You both know that everything you’ve done before, it’s been because of
. But he’s also so fucking scared for him, playing around with forces and powers that still defy explanation, no matter how deeply they are studied or understood. Sam’s good at what he does, obviously, and Rowena is an excellent mentor, but the allure of strength is hard to ignore. Whether it’s natural or synthetic, Dean has firsthand experience on how it can suck Sam in and twist him until he hardly recognizes his little brother. He never wants to listen to his brother scream in agony as he detoxes ever again.
Goddammit.
“Sam?” she asks, pulling away slightly to look into his eyes, and even from the other side of the Impala, Dean can see the joy running like a live current through his little brother’s mind.
Dean frowns, feeling like a bucket of ice water has just been dropped down his spine. “Dire for who?” he asks.
, so good.
“Whatever the source of your power is, it’s missing,” Rowena explains. “The residue you have retained is burning bright for now, but without the source to replenish it, it will dwindle away. And, unfortunately, without the source, we cannot run the tracking spell.”
“Yeah, sounds about right.” He considers their options for a few more seconds before giving his own shrug. “Sure, why not. Charlie’ll kill us if we do
Cas passes him the bag, rolling his eyes at Dean’s not-so-subtle deflection as he puts the other two in the trunk. “You packed enough clothes for him, right? And Sam’s new place has a washer there?”
He just wants to work. He just wants to be useful.
Two more weeks and Dean thinks that maybe this is what going crazy feels like.
“Yeah,” Dean laughs, can’t help it from bubbling up. “Okay, keep leaning on me, let’s get you into those blankets before we both catch hypothermia.”
The electrical hum of a taser arcs over head, and the werewolf goes stiff, falling to the ground once more with a shudder. Coming out of the hospital doors are several members of the security team, one of them holding the deployed taser. A few nurses and doctors are behind them, trying to see what’s going on.
The bed shifts as Cas presses a kiss to Dean’s shoulder. “We all do. If we get going, it might be over sooner.”
to be something here, some sort of clue. Charlie is incredibly accurate at tracking cell signals; it would take a miracle to fool her about this.
Cas grabs Dean’s hands and holds them in his own. “It’s a little overwhelming, but not for the reasons you think,” he says, the confusion draining from his face and being replaced with a small, fond smile. “I don’t… have any specific memories of sex, but I know what I’m doing. And it’s you.” He reaches up and takes Dean’s face in his hands. “I trust you. I want this, I swear.”
Uriel shakes his head, still moving forward. The other two spread out, surrounding Dean and Cas. “Still nothing? Without your skin we knew you’d be easy to take down, but like this? Well, it’s practically child’s play at this point.”
Cas sighs and shoves his hands in his pockets. Dean’s gonna have to wash that shit later. “It means you’re human. And humans grow older, and sometimes have erectile issues. It doesn’t mean Chuck is specifically causing those problems. You are forty-one years old, after all.”
Dean takes Cas to his favorite local diner, where his favorite local vampire serves up the best food in town, in Dean’s opinion. Introducing Benny and Cas is… interesting. Dean is struck by an image of a mischievous crow tugging on the tail of a disgruntled cat as the two talk a bit during lunch.
“The food here is so fresh,” Cas says, carefully wiping his hands on a napkin. “It’s amazing how big of a difference there is between the seafood here and in Kansas.”
A sigh comes down the line. “Seriously, Dean.”
Dean is washing some dishes in the sink when his phone starts buzzing wildly on the countertop, Cas’ name flashing across the screen. He frowns and dries his hands; Cas is very diligent about not using his phone when he’s at work, even when it’s totally dead at the gas station.
The room is dark and crammed full of cardboard boxes full of chips and sodas, he assumes. There’s a small table at the back with two chairs pushed in underneath. A hunched over figure is sitting on the floor -- which is clean, thank god -- only his dark, messy hair visible as the light from the doorway sweeps across the room.
Dean shivers as Cas slips out of him, threading his fingers through Cas’ sex-mussed hair and pulling him up for a long, slow kiss, trying to convey his gratitude with just the sweet press of their mouths together.
“Earth to Dean,” Benny says, breaking Dean out of his spiraling thoughts. He realizes he’s still holding the burger, which has been dripping grease and ketchup onto the plate for long enough that a small puddle has formed. Benny’s eyes are soft when Dean looks back up at him. “I’m worried about you, brother. Whatever I can do to help, let me know, okay? But I think you should hold out hope for a little bit longer. From what I saw, Cas wouldn’t have left without a damn good reason, and I don’t think he’ll stay gone for longer than he has to.”
Dean moves past the racks of junk food and magazines towards a door with a red “Employees Only” sign hanging on the front. He pauses for a moment, then knocks softly. “Hey, Cas, it’s me,” he calls through the door. “I’m coming in, okay? I’ve got water and drugs for ya.” He waits another breath, just in case Cas is sitting in front of the door, and then opens it slowly.
“Needy,” Cas admonishes, voice low and soft between them. Dean whines lightly, which makes Cas smile into their kiss again.
They walk down the hall towards Rowena’s office, but instead of going in there, Sam steers them through the workshop door, which Dean has only been through a couple of times. Dean says, “I’ve been good. Great, actually. Uh, this is kinda awkward, but I wanted to tell you this in person,” and then hesitates, trying to figure out the best way to word what he’s about to say.
“I get it, Cas, I swear,” Dean says, trying to give him an encouraging smile. “And I’m not just saying that. I’ve lost important people, too; people I love. My parents. Almost lost Sam once, too, and I never want to go through that again.” The smile slips from his face, and he puts a hand on Cas’ shoulder, incredibly serious. “I ain’t going anywhere. Not if I can help it.”
And fuck, what is Dean supposed to say to that?
, and none of them with any signs of acute trauma other than, you know, having gone suddenly blind. And from what they all told me, they all went blind at approximately the same time this morning.”
Cas’ shoulders are, outlined by his trenchcoat. The thought makes his heart pound oddly in his chest.
“Fucking carseat,” Dean growls, untwisting a jammed strap that he swears he
Sam nods and leads them down the hallway, passing several closed doors before stopping in front of one that has an intricate sigil carved into it. He puts his hand on the wood just below the sigil, which lights up with a faint white glow before dissipating, then knocks briskly.
Dean stiffens, all the breath rushing out of his body like he’s just been punched. Because Sam may have carelessly mentioned Dean’s magical deficiencies in the past, but he never implied that he thought Dean was
Cas had said those words to his face. He had looked Dean in the eye and carved right down to his very soul and said it was
“Sorry, NDA,” Sam shrugs apologetically. “But I will say I’ve never seen Rowena so intense before. I’m pretty sure she’s been sleeping in her office -- and
Dean relaxes slightly, because yeah, migraines are no fun, but this is way easier to deal with than a sudden aneurysm or Cas hitting his head on a rock or something. “You may be dehydrated, since you’ve been swimming for hours,” he points out and begins guiding Cas back to their table. “We should probably head out anyway, it’s not really safe to swim anymore. And I don’t want to be here when Camp Nowhere over there starts singing Kumbaya.” He nods to the group around the fire pit, and Cas chokes out a pained laugh.
“Wrong type of death, but you’re getting close,” Cas smirks.
Above him, Cas says, “Come on, Dean, let me see,” and it pushes him over the edge as he comes with a cry, mashing his face into the side of Cas’ knee. The hand in his hair immediately loosens, petting through the strands, soothing. “Good,” Cas murmurs. “Good.”
“Sam says we can stop by any time.” Dean slides his phone back into the pocket of his sweatpants. “I tend to wake up on the early side after night shifts, so we can go after coffee, if that sounds good.”
to the water instead of sitting down like a lazy piece of shit, made sure that Cas was comfortable and safe instead of just letting him, apparently, go drown himself.
His jaw drops. The oximeter looks
At that moment, his stomach lets out the gnarliest growl Dean’s ever heard, and he snorts. Alright. Food first, then.
“Please, Dean,” Cas pleads softly, eyes round and plaintive. And, just like every other time Cas asks, Dean breaks and sits down, keeping as much space between them on the couch as possible.
On the other side of the diner, the door opens, letting a gaggle of teens in, all jostling one another as they come inside. Dean sees a couple flashes of sharp teeth, the long point of an ear, a few tufts of fur. Benny sighs and stands up from Dean and Cas’ table, clapping a hand on Dean’s shoulder as he does so. “Either they’re playing hooky or it’s parent-teacher conference day,” he says, “but I know hungry kids when I see ‘em. Good luck with your boy, Dean. See you around, brother.” He walks back into the kitchen just as one of the servers walks over to the group, notepad and pen in hand.
“Are you feeling okay?” Cas asks, keeping his voice low.
Cas drops his hand and steps back a bit, and Dean mourns the loss of contact, but stuffs himself back inside his jeans and does them up. He can feel the telltale heat of a blush creeping up the back of his neck to the tips of his ears.
They’re leaving for Alaska in two days, come hell or high water, because Dean is sick of this shit. He’s sick of biting into a meal and being reminded of all his new, tender fillings. He’s tired of trying to heat up a simple bag of popcorn and nearly setting the kitchen on fire. Most of all, he’s sick of second-guessing himself every time he tries to kiss Cas, wondering if his continued bad luck will hold and end up in an injury or, worse, an unsatisfactory experience.
Dean sighs. When Cas puts it that way, it’s not the
Cas at least has the decency to look chagrined, but he holds up a familiar key. “You never changed the locks,” he says simply.
“If you insist.”
“C’mon, c’mon,” Dean mutters, listening to his phone ring as he white knuckles the wheel of the Impala, driving with just one hand. The tires squeal as he takes a turn a little too fast, gunning the engine after a moment of fishtailing.
“Yeah, night,” Dean says, shuffling towards his own room. He goes through the motions of brushing his teeth, putting on his pjs, washing his face, then lays down in his bed, staring up at the dark void of the ceiling. He can hear Cas through the wall, going through all the same paces of his bedtime routine, can hear the way the covers rustle as he climbs into his own bed. For a moment, Dean pretends that he can hear Cas’ soft, deep breathing through the wall as well. In and out. Warm and slow.
Fuck. Just the word hurts, and Dean knows it’s fucking ridiculous, knows he’s being a fucking idiot, but he closes his eyes and breathes deeply through his nose, trying to will away the sudden hot stinging growing behind his eyelids. He drains the rest of the beer and thuds the bottle down onto the table, makes himself open his eyes and look at his little brother. “I’m gonna get another. You want one?” he asks, jerking his thumb over his shoulder towards the kitchen.
He jams his finger into the little doorbell next to the sign with more force than necessary. There’s a faint chime from inside, and then the sound of heavy footsteps. Sam opens the door, his giant body filling the frame, a wide smile on his face. There’s a cup of gently steaming coffee in his hand.
Dean gives him the phone, leaning in impulsively to press a soft kiss to his stubbled cheek as well. Thank fuck it’s dark in here, because he can feel a heated flush spread across the back of his neck and across his face. “There you go. Let’s get out of here.”
“He’s convinced his death is the only way you and Sam will forgive him,” he says, pretending the sudden shock of hurt on Dean’s face doesn’t surprise him. “He… he didn’t want me to tell you about this. He’s committed. So I need to know, Dean. I need to know that you mean it when you say you want to help.”
Rowena shakes her head, but a voice from behind interrupts them.
“I can’t get my stitches wet, you’ll have to give me a sponge bath,” Dean laughs.
Castiel feels sick with the knowledge that he has traded one secret for another in this moment. He has not absolved himself of anything. Nothing but a cycle of beings more powerful than himself weighing him down with duties too heavy to hold. But hold them he must.
And Dean believes him.
With a shout, Dean launches himself forward, tackling the man. The blade goes flying out of his grip, and Dean realizes it’s the same kind as the ones the selkies had when they attacked him and Cas on the beach.
The hand in his hair travels down, pushing between their bodies so Cas can palm Dean’s dick through his pants. Dean’s not hard yet, but the sensation makes him hiss, sending a jolt straight up his spine. He feels Cas smile against his throat, the hint of teeth and tongue telling him there’s going to be marks tomorrow.
That makes Dean put down his spatula and turn to stare at Cas. “You were majorly fucked up just this morning,” he says slowly. “But you feel fine now?”
“Is it really that smart to drink beer and go swimming?” Cas asks, his eyes glued to the water.
But Cas gives the tiniest shake of his head, cutting him off. “You don’t have to say it,” he says, and Dean feels his stomach swoop, a dizzying drop of excitement, of fear. “I heard your prayer.”
“So how are things with Jason Bourne going?” Charlie asks, her tone a little too sly for Dean’s taste. He squints at her from the corner of his eye, but she continues, undeterred, “Or is it more of a
“I’m sure we could devise something,” Rowena says cheerily. “Not everything needs to be a centuries-old ritual, you know. Experimenting can be quite fun.”
Sighing, Sam slumps his shoulders and goes to one of the cabinets lining the walls of the room, coming back with a bag full of cords and cables. “Sorry about that,” he says, “she’s just been really stressed out the past few weeks. I think our client is really pressuring her for results, and it’s starting to get to her.”
“I dunno, dude, I’m not a serial killer.”
“Definitely not,” Dean agrees. “I’ll be there in just a minute, Cas, okay? Deep breaths, buddy.”
“One, he has retrograde amnesia, not anterograde, of the post-traumatic kind. Two, it’s not like that,” Dean replies, careful to keep his voice low as he takes a couple of beers out of the fridge. There’s a bag of popcorn just beginning to pop wildly in the microwave, and Cas is in the living room, in charge of starting up Netflix so they can pick something to watch.
Cas slides into the row, stashing a backpack that Dean knows is full of books under the seat in front of him. “Hey,” he says, gentle, wrapping his hand around Dean’s and carefully prying it away from its death grip on the armrest, “you’re okay. We haven’t even left the ground yet.” He slots his fingers between Dean’s, holding his hand.
, he wants it, wants Castiel inside him all the time, filling up all the empty spaces. Wants Castiel to plant himself inside of Dean and never leave, never go away.
“Dean!” Cas says again, kneeling down next to him, and his eyes are wide and dark and panicked, and Dean hates how many times he’s seen that look on his face. Then there’s a hand, huge and warm, settling on his knee, and Dean has to bite back a yelp against the initial pain of the touch before it’s soothed by the icy-hot sweep of grace that’s so incredibly familiar at this point.
The blonde woman raises her eyebrows in surprise. “Oh, so that’s what happened,” she says. “Bartholomew and Ishim took everything but your life, apparently. Interesting. You’re practically naked without your skin.”
Cas may be hurting, but he’s still Cas. Dean won’t stop being grateful for that.
There’s silence after Castiel tells him.
“Of course,” Dean says, unhooking his own mask and glancing down at the faun on the bed. His skin is a pale, washed-out color, eyes closed, face peaceful. Red hair curls tightly around two stubby horns poking up from the top of his head. Dean unclips the oxygen monitor from the tip of the faun’s finger, turns off the heart rate monitor that shows nothing but a flat line. The family will be in here soon, and Dean doesn’t want them to have to deal with all the machines currently droning around them.
“I think whatever magic was within me is fading rapidly,” Cas says, his voice startling Dean out of whatever strange reverie he was having while sitting at this (really goddamn long, seriously, how long was he zoned out for and the light still hasn’t changed?) red light. He blinks, and sees Cas looking back at him with serious blue eyes.
Benny snorts and leans back in his seat. “Never claimed he does. Just trying to look out for my friend, is all. That’s the kind of guy I am.”
selkies in his life.
And then Cas is gone, sinking beneath the waves. Dean stands on the shoreline, watching helplessly as the sun rises behind him, turning the ocean into glittering flames.
They stop at a grocery store in Encinitas on the way, stocking up on some essentials. Dean buys a lot of bacon and smirks at Cas while he drops it in the cart; Cas rolls his eyes and adds a box of oatmeal. The back of their rental car is stuffed by the time they roll down the bumpy access road to their little rented slice of heaven.
Dean huffs but splashes the vinegar on his fries, shaking his head. “Told ya, I don’t think I’m going to be hearing from Cas any time soon, Benny. I don’t think he’s, uh, really thinking about me these days.”
, nearly pushing Dean to his knees right there.
“Dean?”
He holds the words on the tip of his tongue instead, because Cas had heard him but he hasn’t forgiven Dean yet. Hasn’t said
“Fuck!” he shouts, throwing his head back and letting it burst up into the rafters above them, echoing through the empty warehouse. Charlie startles, eyes wide, but Dean will feel bad about that later, after the impotent anger boiling within him is gone. He grips the stupid fucking phone even tighter, some piece of him wondering if he can crush it in his hand. It’ll be just as much use as it is now.
“Great,” he says, rough, because that seems to be the full extent of his vocabulary today. “Can we talk about this later? My head’s killing me.”
“You should go,” Sam says, cutting him off. He won’t look at Dean, instead walking over to a small cupboard and taking a broom and dustpan out. His shoulders are broad and tense as he keeps his back to Dean.
There’s a few uncomfortable moments of silence while everyone digests the news. “So, what next?” Sam finally says, shifting his weight awkwardly.
“You nearly gave me a heart attack!” Dean growls, splashing Cas again, weaker this time. “I thought you’d forgotten how to swim and drowned.”
Dean looks up from where he’s laying on the couch and smirks. “It’s a party now that you’re here.”
As Dean considers calling Cas to get out so they can head back home, he hears an inordinate amount of splashing from the shoreline, and then Cas is practically crawling up the small beach with his head in his hands. Even from where Dean is sitting, he can tell Cas is in an agonizing amount of pain, and he runs down to his side, cursing this stupid fucking lake trip the entire way.
“See you soon, red,” he says, and tries to convey the promise implied in that statement. He’s not sure Charlie believes him. He’s not sure he believes himself.
“This is Cas. Uh, Castiel, I mean,” Dean says, blinking to adjust to the shift in lighting. “Dude, the sign out front says no drinks. Or is that just for us plebs?”
Dean sucks in air like his lungs are about to collapse and makes himself step back, breaking their holds on each other. “Why didn’t you come back right away? I thought… I thought I’d never see you again, man.”
“Then he can come do it himself, instead of sending you cowards,” Cas snarls back. Dean’s never heard him sound so threatening before.
“Have you heard from Sam recently?” Cas asks as they walk down the street towards where Dean had parked Baby. Dean grits his teeth.
Dean is already moving towards the door, shoving his feet into his boots and not bothering with the laces. He’s got an emergency pack of Excedrin in the Impala’s glove compartment, thank god. “I’m on my way. Have you called your boss yet?”
Dean doesn’t respond. A couple of glass bottles holding spell ingredients on a worktable shatter as he passes with a sharp breaking sound; he flinches, hard, but keeps going. He can’t look back now. If he does… if he does, he’ll shatter, too.
“Oh man, I wish Sam had been here to hear that,” Dean chuckles. “Next time, I guess. What’re we watching tonight?”
a first name to go off of for background searches,” he raises a hand, stymieing Charlie’s protests, “but that’s not what I wanted to ask a favor for.”
Benny doesn’t look convinced, but he nods and stands up, reaching out to grip Dean’s shoulder in a solid, comforting grip. “Don’t work yourself to the bone,” he says, shaking Dean slightly.
Blackened flesh peeks out at him, and Dean drops Sam’s hand like
“Have you been to the hospital yet?” Sam asks, clearly trying to think through all possible avenues. Dean wishes he could tell Sam to save his breath.
“We’ll help if we can,” Sam promises, ignoring Rowena rolling her eyes as he leads them out of the office and back down the hall. “Sorry this was a bust. But I’ll see you guys later, right, Dean?”
“Not a very relaxing vacation if I stress myself into an early heart attack on the way there.”
. He pats Cas’ chest with one hand, because he’s an idiot, and heads back to their table.
“We’ll get you home,” Dean says, then hesitates, glancing at Cas. Is he… going to even want to come home? Back to landlocked Kansas? “Actually, Sam, can you give me and Cas a moment? Why don’t you go sit down, you look like shit. Oh,” he pauses, digging through his pockets for his phone and tossing it to Sam, “call Charlie and let her know we’re okay. She’s probably losing her shit right now. She helped me track your phone so I could find you.”
--wasn’t real, then the ending of it was. Though he hadn’t really expected it to end. Hadn’t expected Cas to walk away, even though he should’ve known better. Most people leave when they’re kicked.
“What can I say, he’s a smart kid,” he says, pressing a quick kiss to Cas’ cheek. “Be right back!”
Dean glances down at his leg, which is now mostly healed except for the giant fucking bruise left behind. “Got the stitches out two days ago, which is great. I got really tired of wearing saran wrap in the shower.”
who they’ve been working for this whole time?
Or maybe a curse, Dean hasn’t quite decided on that yet.
Blinking, Dean grabs Sam’s gift and heads back to the car, locking the door on the way out. Cas is making final adjustments to the trunk, and he shuts it as Dean walks up to him. “All set?” he asks.
want to contemplate a nearly two week stay at Sam and Eileen’s place with a fussy toddler. Eileen would be okay with it, but that’s because his brother’s girlfriend is extremely cool and extremely out of his brother’s league.
up their sleeves.”
“Uh, yeah, I think I do, Mr. Hospitals Are For Other People, Not Me.”
Castiel tilts his head and stares at Dean like he’s speaking gibberish. He’s silent for a few moments, and Dean can literally see the neurons waking up and connecting in his head as Cas’ eyes light up. “Yes,” he says, his voice still sleep-rough and even deeper than usual, “I appreciate the offer. Food sounds wonderful. Thank you, Dean.”
“I’m sorry I made you get up for nothing,” he jokes, limping only a little bit as he and Cas finally walk to the car. “I know you and mornings don’t exactly agree. You should’ve gone to work though, dude, instead of sitting around waiting for me in the hospital.”
“Oh, uh, it’s okay,” Dean says, heart suddenly beating a mile a minute in his chest. Sponge baths are
Sam scowls, putting on his stubborn face. “Clearly I am capable of handling it,” he snaps, standing up straighter. “Rowena and I are both capable of handling it, actually. It’s not a bad thing to push your limits, Dean! It’s been fine this whole time, I swear. This was just -- just a fluke. Rowena handled the same amount of power right before me. I’m just not quite… at the same level yet. But I’ll get there.”
“It’s not a waste,” Cas says, but he leans back, getting to his feet and helping Dean up. His knee twinges a bit, and his head still aches, but Dean pushes it all down so he can look into Cas’ eyes, then at the scattered bottles on the ground.
Sam sighs, and fuck does he sound tired. “Some days are better than others,” he says, and Dean can hear the clinking of glass in the background. “But we’re making progress, which is what matters. How about you, how are those stitches doing? I assume you’re taking care of them, otherwise I think your supervisor will definitely demote you.”
“I was just looking through to see if anything jogged a latent memory,” Cas says, handing the remote to Dean with a short sigh. “I know it’s increasingly unlikely for me to regain any memories as time goes on, but, well.” He shrugs, dismissive. “You never know. At this point, I’m not sure it would even matter.”
Something fierce aches in the hollow behind Dean’s ribs.
Maybe he should feel a little bad about dropping this on Dean right here, right now, after what was no doubt a long drive and a grueling conversation with Amara. But this moment is a breaking point, Castiel knows, and he’s sick of them always breaking the wrong way.
“Wait, Dean --” Sam starts, but Dean just shakes his head and lumbers down the corridor and towards the refrigerator. He feels stiff, strangely cut off from his own body. Sam follows behind him, and who knew a giant, half-asleep man could move so quietly? “Dean,” Sam tries again, just as Dean opens the heavy old fridge door, “don’t you think you’ve had enough? For tonight, I mean? You’ve been -- you’ve been going pretty heavy on the booze the last few days. You need to sleep, man.”
“Want you,” he gasps out, whining when Cas releases his grip on them in favor of sucking a line of kisses down Dean’s throat to his chest, teeth biting carefully at his nipple. They bite harder when Dean moans, tugging until the bud is just beginning to ache, and then move to the other side, lavishing the same amount of attention on his second nipple. Dean shakes, lets his thighs go easy and wide so Cas can slot between them. He lets his hands thread through Cas’ hair, pulling at it as Cas moves down his chest and stomach, leaving little red marks dotted across the skin of Dean’s hips.
As he walks past the stack of metal chairs, his boot kicks something hidden by shadow, and it goes spinning across the ground, halting a couple of feet away. It’s small and rectangular, and Dean recognizes it almost immediately.
Dean sees his mouth move but can’t hear the words, and then a jet of flame bursts from his hand, engulfing Lucifer and sending him backwards into the wreckage of the altar. Fire licks across the ground, but already Dean can tell that the spell is failing, Sam too weak to sustain it as he tries to channel enough magic.
Dean yells and tries to dive for the kid, but the larger sealskin protects him as he slides to the ground safely. The spell components spill around him, scattering across the dirt and Lucifer shouts, enraged. He rams his fist into Cas’ unprotected side, making Cas double over even as he grapples with him. Cas is strong, but Lucifer is stronger.
There’s some rustling, and Cas says, “Goodbye, Dean,” the floorboards creaking as he goes to the back door. Dean looks up to see Cas walking across the sand, the moon slowly fading as dawn lightens the sky. A nameless terror crawls up his esophagus, and he runs after Cas, words burning up his throat and scalding his tongue, though they disappear like steam when he tries to call Cas’ name. But before he can reach him, Cas steps into the ocean, a silver-gray light engulfing him slowly, almost like it’s fighting against him.
Dean squawks, “Wait, you had a bet going?” as Sam sighs and pulls out his wallet.
Cas. The heat of him burns inside of Dean, and he’s viscerally reminded of Jimmy Novak’s words:
That only makes the Empty laugh once more, cold and ringing. “Oh, Dean,” it says, and suddenly its hand lays feather-light on his cheek, fingertips brushing against his skin like it’s trying to push through a layer of plastic to get to him. Cas’ eyes stare at him with nothing but contempt in their depths. “Go ahead and wake up, then.”
Dean waves it off. “Nah. Maybe later. I’m gonna go get an ice pack and a drink.” He holds open the bedroom door, looks at Cas expectantly. “You coming?”
A heady mix of fear, adrenaline, and a dangerous amount of caffeine pushes him down the road. It’s only when he nearly crashes into an oncoming truck that blares its horn at him that he forces himself to pull over and grab a couple hours of rest. It’s been a long time since he last slept in the backseat, and he wakes up with a crick in his neck that won’t go away, no matter how much he stretches. Four hours of sleep isn’t very refreshing, but it’s enough to keep him going.
From their closer proximity, Dean can tell that the man’s pupils are dilated and fairly uneven. He frowns, humming distractedly in the back of his throat as he peers closer. “Hey,” he says, holding up a finger, “follow my finger with your eyes. Don’t move your head at all.” He waves it back and forth in front of the man’s face, slowly at first and then faster.
“This is bullshit,
But he does have the barest beginnings of a buzz going, which is when Sam stumbles his giant ass in, hair messed up and scrubbing at his eyes. And yeah -- that’s definitely the beginnings of massive hickey blooming on his throat. Dean snorts and smirks but looks away.
Not like Dean deserves it, anyway.
Dean pulls back with a breathless laugh, looking down and into Jack’s pale blue eyes, eerily similar to Cas’ own. “Sorry, buddy,” he says. “I’m just… really happy to see this guy right now.” He glances back up at Cas, taking a deep breath.
Dean closes his suddenly stinging eyes, a muscle jumping in his jaw. It’s more tempting than he wants to admit. “I --”
Dean remembers him saying, and he puts a hand over Cas’, gently pushes it off his knee. It’s not a hundred percent, but he can put weight on it again, and that’s all that matters right now.
“Hey, okay, we’ll figure it out,” Charlie promises, and he can hear her typing quickly in the background. “I’ve already got a hit on Sam’s signal. Looks like he’s somewhere just outside of Grand Junction, Colorado. Palisade, I think. About ten or eleven hours away. Seems like he’s been there maybe an hour or so, the cell towers started pinging off his phone then.” She types a bit more, keys clacking over the phone. “Come pick me up and we’ll head out together, that way I can keep tracking the signal and see if he goes anywhere else.”
get knocked on my ass and have to go?” Dean mutters, incensed. The height of hypocrisy, honestly! Where does Cas get off --
“Experimenting?” Dean asks, but either no one hears him or they all choose to ignore him, which he’s pretty used to whenever people get deep into the nitty-gritty of magic theory.
. “Dean,” Cas says again, wraps a hand around both of them, squeezing almost too tight, and his eyes are wide and dark, glinting in the shifting moonlight. “What do you want, Dean?” he asks, and it takes a moment for Dean’s brain to figure out the words, too wrapped up in the way Cas’ hand is huge and hot as it slides up and down, jacking them together. Cas squeezes again and Dean gasps, and he doesn’t know what he wants; the list is too long when it comes to Cas, and he wants
Dean hasn’t told anyone about the whole
those words. Your brother had to say them for you! The angel loves you, but you know you don’t deserve his love.” It circles him again, slowly. “Stay here, Dean. Sleep here. Then it won’t matter. It won’t hurt anymore.”
After she leaves, Dean putters around as silently as he can for a few more minutes, strangely reluctant to wake Cas’ sleeping form. He looks so relaxed, his face free of any of the unconscious lines of stress he carries during the day. It’s been a few weeks since his last migraine, and sometimes Dean can hear him tossing and turning restlessly at night. In the grand scheme of things, it’s only been a few months since they met, but Dean can tell that Cas chafes against feeling helpless; he prefers to act, to try to change things for the better, but he can’t because he has no memory of himself. Dean’s heart aches, and he lets himself, just for one moment, run his fingers through Cas’ unruly hair in a wordless attempt at cowardly affection.
A flash of embarrassment runs down Dean’s spine, but whatever. He means it, even if he sounds like a telenovela. He wants Cas to stay as long as he needs to, wants to keep helping Cas. Dean barely knows the guy, but he’s not heartless, not by a long shot.
Dean groans but stands, grasping onto Cas’ hand like a lifeline. He hesitates for a moment, then kisses Cas, just a short, soft meeting of lips before he pulls away. “Thanks, Cas,” he says. Cas smiles in return.
So, it was just a dream, huh. Well, more of a nightmare, but the point stands. Dean curls his hands into fists at his sides, pulling a deep breath in through his nose. “So fucking stupid,” he whispers.
to sex, so close to falling back together. He can feel the moment slipping away even as he clutches at it desperately. “Just give me a sec--”
The door opens with a long, shrill squeal, making Dean wince. So much for any possible element of surprise. Inside is a length of thin plastic sheeting that rustles slightly, obscuring the inside of the warehouse. Dean pushes past it, listening intently as he steps into the high-ceilinged main room.
“Just take it one day at a time, brother,” Benny says, and he gives Dean an encouraging smile. “And whenever you need a burger and an ear, well, you know where to find me.”
“Hey, Cousin It! Haven’t heard from you in a while!” Dean says, pumping his voice full of fake cheer as he dumps the steaming bag of fresh popcorn into a bowl.
“It’s a bit of a last minute appointment,” Rowena answers instead of Sam. “They sent a message early this morning requesting a consultation; you’re just lucky you showed up before they did, otherwise we’d have been a bit tied up.” She gestures at Castiel to get out of the armchair. “Up you go, there’s a good lad. Samuel will see you out. Good luck, I’d say please don’t hesitate to contact me if I can be of any further assistance but, well, you aren’t paying me!”
Cas fists a hand in the front of Dean’s scrubs, pulls him forward on the couch, and Dean isn’t resisting but his mouth goes dry at the reminder of how strong Cas is, and suddenly he doesn’t want to be on the couch anymore, wants to be someplace where they can be closer, where they can stretch out and relearn one another. He breaks the kiss, heart beating wildly as Cas attempts to follow him, chasing his lips.
He submits the form for Dr. Vallens to review and clocks out, shrugging into his coat as he leaves Heartland Community General. His skin feels too-tight, the way it always does at the end of a difficult shift, like he’s been stretched thin over a drum, and the cold early spring wind whips across his face. His fingers itch for a cigarette suddenly, but Dean tamps down on the craving as he walks down the street towards the enclosed employee parking lot.
It’s like a wall comes down over Castiel’s face. He goes stony and silent, radiating disapproval from every fiber of his being.
Finally, Cas’ voice comes through the phone, but it’s faint. “Dean,” he says, and he sounds like he’s in pain, “can you come… pick me up? I -- I’m having a migraine. I don’t think I can…” he trails off with a grunt, takes a few more deep breaths before continuing, “I don’t think I can work like this.”
It’s for the best, though. Castiel has always known this to be true.
One of Cas’ hands touches his face, and Dean realizes that Cas is saying words. He makes himself tune in. “--Dean,” he hears Cas say, worry tumbling through his voice, “Dean, are you alright? Dean!”
By some small miracle, Dean has an early morning shift on the same day as Cas’ first day of work, so he’s able to cram a somewhat healthy breakfast in front of the poor dude, who is clearly way more nervous and excited than anyone who has worked at a gas station has ever been. Dean had managed to convince him
They carry the cooler of supplies Dean had packed down to an open table shaded by a large tree. The air is stiflingly hot, and Dean pulls out a beer, cracking it open with relish. Condensation begins to slide down the outside of the can almost immediately in the humidity. He offers one to Cas, who shakes his head and slips into the changing rooms, mentioning something about the water looking more refreshing than alcohol.
“How old is Isaac?” he asks. He feels like he already knows the answer.
“Oh,” Sam says, then wrinkles his nose, looking back down at the broken chair. “Gross.”
Castiel looks dubiously at the stove. “Maybe,” he says, and leaves it at that.
The drive back is quiet as Cas keeps his eyes closed, only the sound of the road under Baby’s tires filling the car. At one point, Cas mutters, “I wish I could have looked at that fish for longer,” and then falls silent again. Dean glances at him, not sure if he should respond.
Dean nods, still holding the bottle of whiskey in one hand. “What about it?”
Cas looks up at him, and Dean can’t really see his eyes in the darkness but he knows they’re dangerous, then swallows Dean down. His mouth is hot and wet, his tongue dragging slow and maddening up the underside of Dean’s dick as he bobs up and down, pausing to press the tip of his tongue into the slit at the head. The suction is just shy of not enough, and Dean’s thighs shake as he pulls at Cas’ hair with a groan. “Cas,” he says, and fuck, he sounds
“You’ll see. I have a feeling you’ll like it a lot.”
“I -- should let you drive,” Cas says, and Dean shakes his head even as he throws the Impala into gear.
The drive to Palisade is, predictably, tense. Charlie sits in the seat next to him, tapping away at her computer and somehow getting wi-fi or data or whatever even while they drive through vast stretches of flat, empty land. She glances at him every once in a while, and Dean can tell she’s curious, wants to keep asking him questions, but his hands grip the steering wheel so tightly the leather squeaks under his fingers, eyes staring almost unblinking at the road before them. Every so often, she’ll give him an update during their ten hour journey:
Benny gives him a flat look. “Cas and I may not have always been simpatico, but he made you happy. Happier than I’ve seen you in a long time, honestly. The two of you… you just make sense. He’ll be back.” He snags a fry off of Dean’s plate for himself, smirking a little bit. “But you should definitely make him grovel when he returns. Maybe tell him to bake you an apology pie.”
“Bye, jerk.” The call ends, and he slides the phone into his pocket, picking up the popcorn instead.
“That was not fifteen minutes,” Dean says, and she jumps a bit as she realizes he’s standing out of the light by the wall.
By the time Dean parks in front of their building, Cas has opened his eyes again and looks more alert than before. There’s a sheen of sweat on his forehead, but the tension at the corners of his eyes has lessened significantly.
Dean wakes up to the sound of pipes squeaking, and hears the shower turn on from inside his room. He turns over with a groan. Cas takes the longest baths and showers of anyone Dean has ever met, and he takes them at the strangest times. Like four in the goddamn morning, apparently. It’s like Cas has never lived with roommates before--which is possible, since he has no memory of it and also, apparently,
that even if their relation--their
“Yes, I’m exhausted,” Cas admits, and then yawns almost immediately. The look on his face afterwards is the perfect mix of surprised and offended, and Dean snorts out a laugh.
That’s what this is, Dean knows. He’s in love with Cas, has been for years at this point. And all he can hope for is that it’s not too late, that the two of them haven’t hurt each other too much for it to mean something. That they can both find the right words to move forward.
She picks up in two rings. “This had better be you calling to apologize for ignoring me,” she starts, tone light but firm.
And then Eileen leaves, and Dean gets it, but he feels the breath whoosh out of his body all the same. Because he knows what it’s going to do to Sam. Because the same thing happens to him every time Cas leaves.
Whistling, Dean shuts the door to the Impala with a satisfying thud, checking to make sure she’s locked properly before he heads into Rowena’s office. A light mist drizzles down from the clouds overhead, blanketing the world in soft gray light. He can feel his hair getting wet, and he pulls up the collar of his jacket a little more around his neck. The rain feels bracing, honestly, and he can’t keep a grin off his face as he goes and knocks on the front door.
“Wait, did
Dean purses his lips, flipping over the pancakes. “What about your pain?”
“Yeah, which sucks. They’re just hurting people by doing that. You shouldn’t go into nursing, or into medicine at all, honestly, if you can’t commit to providing the best quality of care you can give to every single patient you meet.”
The man doesn’t say anything, just stares at the side of Dean’s head.
Cas’ brow furrows, and he shifts into a slightly more defensive stance. “I don’t know what you’re talking about. Who are you and what do you want?”
The pain flares again when Sam enters to apologize, in sync with the hot curl of rage that flashes through him. This was their
Still a little dazed, Dean looks up into Cas’ concerned face. “Did you just… throw a werewolf?” he asks. Holy shit, Cas is
“What are you doing?” he frowns.
“That’s enough monologuing from the peanut gallery,” a third voice says, more feminine than the other two and filled with purpose. “We have a job to do. Let’s make sure our own follow through happens.”
Dean stares at Castiel, hard. “What do you mean, in case something goes wrong?” he asks, and Cas shakes his head.
“And? I asked if you want a beer, not what time it is.”
Her eyes go wide and she nods. “He’s resting in the back room. The door’s over there and should be unlocked, go ahead on in.”
“You’re probably right, and I will probably ignore you,” Cas says, and Dean laughs, because yeah, that’s exactly what will happen. Cas covers his mouth with a hand as he yawns. “Good night, Dean,” he mumbles, passing Dean with a friendly, lingering pat on his shoulder.
Cas makes to sit up, but Dean’s arms shoot out, aching hands latching onto Cas’ back and drawing him back down.
, like he’s the one deepthroating at the moment. “Cas, please.”
couldn’t see that -- but Dean has a strong personal “don’t be creepy” policy that he lives by. And right now he’s shattering it six ways to Sunday.
. And then he’d been too busy worrying about Sam, and losing himself in work, and drinking in between to think about anything else. Everything had just slipped through the cracks.
Ah, shit. That came out way worse than he meant it. The back of his neck heats up, but Cas is giving him a grateful look and nodding.
Dean’s hands go to Cas’ pants, fumbling with the fly. Cas tucks his nose against the column of Dean’s throat, sucking open-mouthed kisses up and down the length of it, his own hands gripping the bottom of Dean’s shirt and lifting. Dean has to step back to get it off, and he chucks it into a corner of his room, uncaring. Cas’ pants are still on, and that is a
“God, I hope not,” Dean mutters as he slides into the Impala, turning the radio up as soon as the car starts to try to drown out the rest of the world.
“Dean --” Sam starts, but Dean shakes his head, cutting him off.
“Rest well, Dean.”
“No --” the man gasps out, and then he coughs, spits out more blood onto the dirty ground, and Dean immediately shifts modes, tucking his keys back into his coat pocket. The man is curled on the pavement, an arm slung almost protectively over his abdomen, and he’s covered in bruises and other marks, some of which are bleeding sluggishly from where they’ve broken the skin. One of his ankles is starting to swell, too, a sure sign of either a badly sprained or broken ankle. His dark hair is plastered to his skull, indicating blood from a probable head injury.
“Whoa, hey buddy,” Dean tries, stepping backwards and putting his hands out in front of him, “it’s okay, take it easy. Do you -- if you need help, I can help you, okay? Just need you to calm down.”
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says, sitting on the couch. He turns to face Dean, his eyes intense and dark in the play of shadows across the room. “We need to talk.”
Dean’s eyes pop open in consternation just as Cas yelps and yanks his head back, accidentally dropping Dean in the process. There are visible teeth marks embedded in his lower lip. “You bit me,” he says, somewhere between a question and an accusation.
The first patient stumbles in at 9:23 in the morning, tears streaking down her face as she collides hard with a chair. Her pale skin is covered in painful red burns -- sunlight on unprotected vampire flesh. “Please, I can’t see, please, help,” she sobs, and Dean is already moving forward around the desk to help guide her.
Dean blows out a breath, running his hand down his face. “Charlie, you don’t have to --”
Cas says, “No one wants that. But don’t destroy your relationship with him just to protect him,” and then he stands up, holding out a hand to Dean. “Come on, why don’t we order something for dinner. And you need to drink some water.”
, fuck, preventing Dean from crashing to the floor. His face is close, too, closer than he’s been in a long while, his eyes deep and blue, and Dean can’t stop himself even though this is some sort of corny-ass rom-com set-up of a moment. He closes his eyes and presses up just enough to slide their lips together, familiar and new all at once, fireworks bursting in his stomach as he feels Cas kissing back.
“C’mon,” Dean huffs, rolling his hips more firmly into Cas’ own, closing his eyes against the feeling of their cocks rubbing together, even through the fabric between them. “C’mon, Cas, it’s been forever.”
“Sam --” Dean starts.
“Hell yeah.” Dean swivels around and heads towards the kitchen, Cas a few steps behind him. There’s a fresh six-pack in the fridge sitting next to a box of leftover pizza that Cas had picked up the night before, since Dean trusted no one to cook for the time being. He pops the caps and hands one to Cas, a now-familiar ritual between the two of them. Cas’ fingers brush his as he takes the bottle, the touch sending a shiver up his spine and loosening the knot between his shoulders at the same time. The beer is cold and sharp on his tongue as he takes a sip, watching from the corner of his eye as Cas does the same. Watches the small wrinkle appear between Cas’ eyebrows as it always does whenever Cas tries human food because
With a simultaneous shout, Sam and Rowena clench their fists and raise their arms to the sky. The flames suddenly go out like a snuffed out candle, just before they spread into the forest proper around the cabin.
As soon as he realizes, a faint noise congeals behind him, and Dean whips around, eyes wide. Cas stands there, head cocked to the side, eyes wide and blue and dry, his trenchcoat clean and slightly rumpled, and Dean nearly stumbles to his knees right then and there, but something stops him.
Cas is actually in the bunker when Dean rushes in, eyes wild, bag over his shoulder. He looks at Dean and for a split second, all Dean can think about is a deer caught in headlights, clear shock running across Cas’ face before he gets ahold of it, schools it back into something… neutral. Wrong.
A smile ticks up the corner of his mouth, unexpected. “Right. I’ll be there in ten.”
The sky lightens slowly as he drives west, stopping only when he has to for gas. Mountains give way to high, dry desert, then more mountains. He drives through a brief, spattering rainstorm as he crosses into Oregon. The radio on the Impala hisses with static more often than it actually plays music, searching through the airwaves for a signal. Dean feels the same.
Their waiter stops by with another glass of water for Sam and sets a basket of tortilla chips on the table.
“But you said there would be consequences.”
“I don’t give a shit about whatever you’re doing,” Dean coughs, pushing himself up to his feet. His head aches and his palms sting, and he’s so woefully underprepared for whatever’s going on here. “But I’m not leaving without my brother. Or Rowena. So if that means stopping you, then I guess that’s what I’m doing.”
scrawled in pencil tucked into the plastic sleeve.
“Aye, very true, very true,” Rowena says, airy. “There are stories of the MacLeods once having such powers in their blood, but those are from centuries ago.” She gestures Castiel towards a well-upholstered wingback chair in one corner of her office. “If you could just sit down, there’s a dear. You’re all a bit too tall for my tastes, and I’ll need to look directly into your eyes for this next part.”
“Don’t salt my game, Winchester. And it’s still a serious offer, even if there
“No, but I know to be prepared with you,” he’d admonished, which made Dean nearly double over with laughter. Cas retaliated by pressing a second finger inside of him, the burn hot and fast and
“It’s eleven in the morning.”
Admitting it feels -- it feels like his chest is collapsing, like there’s a black hole where his heart should be, sucking all the light in. It feels helpless, hopeless.
Dean gropes around on the table and finds Cas’ shitty burner phone that still hasn’t been replaced with something better since Dean had bought it. Every time he mentions getting a new one, Cas refuses, insisting that he doesn’t need anything fancy and that he quite likes his phone, thank you very much. It’s small, unobtrusive, makes calls and texts, and fits in his pants pocket; that’s all Cas needs, apparently.
Relief spreads across Cas’ face like a sunrise, highlighting the deep blue of his eyes. “That sounds wonderful, thank you so much, Charlie. What can I do to help?”
Castiel eyes his hand like he’s not quite sure what Sam is trying to do, but he carefully reaches out with his own and takes it. Sam shakes his hand, and Dean smirks as Cas’ shoulder jostles up and down at the clearly unfamiliar movement.
Another calm breath, and he regretfully breaks the moment. “You should go lie down,” he says, giving Cas’ hand an affectionate little shake. “Let me know if you need any more meds or anything, but a nap will probably help a lot.”
“Does he know who took them?”
“Sorry, Dean, I gotta go,” Sam’s voice says, close to the speaker again. “I was making some coffee for me and that weird tea that Rowena likes, and I accidentally dropped the pot. Fuck. I gotta clean this up. Talk to you later?”
Rowena takes a breath and it’s like her whole being settles back into itself when she exhales. Dean is reminded of a ruffled bird smoothing its feathers back down. “Think of it this way,” she says, “imagine if a patient came into the hospital and, somehow, all of their bones had been shattered, but they handed you a single shard and asked you to put it back where it belonged. Would you be able to do so?”
Dean wants to quip, suddenly, nonsensically.
Dean stares hard across the table. “Have you been reading my old nutrition textbook or something?”
, right?” he asks.
“No… no, I can’t recall.” Frustration leaks through Castiel’s tone and he narrows his eyes like he’s trying to concentrate. “All I remember is… is waking up to you standing over me and talking about hospitals. Which I’m not going to.”
Dean smooths a hand over Cas’ chest, waits until he’s certain that Cas is out for the night. A sharp, warm sensation stabs against his heart. “Love you, Cas,” he whispers, eyes on the moon floating outside the window.
The pillow lifts up and out of his grip as Cas puts it on the floor. “I don’t see how you suffocating yourself helps matters.”
“What are you talking about!
A large part of Dean wants to spend the rest of the evening sulking in his room over his apparently god-given makeout ability being taken away, but Cas won’t let him. “Just because you can’t remember how to do it doesn’t mean you can’t learn again,” he says, and Dean has to admit that’s a strong argument, especially when paired with Cas’ earnest look.
“Sam?” he calls, throwing caution to the wind. No answer.
has an incredible underlying philosophical exploration to it that gets to the heart of what makes Star Trek so powerful --”
Cas dives under the water. Dean’s too far away to see all the details, but he follows the rippling line across the surface of the lake as Cas moves. He waits for Cas to come back up.
Dean frowns, running his hands over the back ports. There’s a large round one that he doesn’t recognize, outlined in a purple plastic casing and shoved between the ECG and USB ports. “Are you guys working with subjects or something?” he asks.
“Ooh, hit a nerve, huh?”
“Lock your door!” Sam sputters, but he stumbles away, muttering something about bleach.
“It’s for me to know and you to find out.” Cas’ voice has dropped even lower than usual, a burr that practically drags over Dean’s scalp, leaving him shivering pleasantly. “But I don’t think you’ll have any complaints.”
Doubtful, but Dean knows it’s hospital procedure at this point. Fifteen people all struck blind at the same time, with no obvious connections between them? There must be something magical going on; that’s too much of a coincidence otherwise. He drains his sludgy coffee and tosses the paper cup away. Time to get back to work.
Dean chews on his bottom lip for a moment, processing this information. “Why did he want it?”
That earns him a glare, which he would probably find amusing at any time other than literally right this moment with a bleeding and bruised naked man at his feet. Dean reaches out his hand carefully, telegraphing his movements with a slow deliberateness to show that he doesn’t have any tricks up his sleeve. “I’m gonna feel your foot and ankle, okay? To see if something’s broken, or if you just have a bad sprain. Tell me if anything hurts especially bad when I press on it.”
“Cas?” he whispers, and it bounces around them in the nothingness. “Cas, can you hear me?”
“Wait,” he croaks out, pressing a hand to Cas’ chest, swears he can feel Cas’ heartbeat underneath his palm. “Not here.” He swallows painfully, licks his lips, watches the way Cas’ eyes follow the movement of his tongue. “Bed?”
When he gets home, the door is unlocked. Dean frowns down at the keys in his hand, wondering if he’d forgotten to lock up as he’d left earlier. There’s no sign of a forced entry: no kicked in frame, no dents or holes in the solid door.
Two days to Kansas. Dean kisses Cas’ knuckles and starts driving.
“Thanks,” Dean says. Just one last basic conversation line and he can leave. Then he can go home and sit on the couch and watch old MST3K episodes while he waits for Cas to get back, and then he’ll be happy again as he watches Cas get increasingly agitated over bad movies. “She’s important to me. Good luck with your appointment.”
“When Dean found me, I had been badly injured, including a blow to the head which has clearly impacted my memory,” he outlines, “but Dean noticed that I healed from my wounds much more rapidly than I should have. He asked me how much magic I have, and while I cannot recall my magical capabilities or core, I assume I must have some, otherwise I wouldn’t have healed the way I did.”
“Yeah?” Dean says, frowning. “What does that have to do with anything?”
, and the tension snaps so fast it feels like it hits him in the eye, and Cas is breaking their staring to look down and away again.
So Dean swallows all the words that have been crowding up on his tongue, extinguishes the hurt that threatens to twist up his throat instead. Cas gives the barest of nods and turns, doggedly making his way back towards the rift, and Dean stares after him, face crumpling, heart racing like he’s just run three miles instead of nearly confessing his love for his best friend.
He waits for the man to nod before pressing his fingertips down gently just above the ankle, applying light pressure to the skin and tissue. There doesn’t seem to be any shifting bone underneath his touch, which is a good sign. The man hisses out through his teeth but otherwise doesn’t make any noise.
yartz. You gotta relax. It’s going to be fine.” He pauses, considering. “Well, it’s probably going to be fine. I wouldn’t worry until you have to do a night shift, that’s when shit gets wild.”
“What the hell are you even talking about! There’s nothing to tell!” Sam hisses, and his eyes dart to Castiel sitting next to him. “Even if there was, what makes you think
Well, if there’s someone waiting inside to murder him, then at least they’re being polite about it. Or maybe he did just forget to lock his door when he left for work. He can barely remember driving home; he sure as hell can’t remember what he did just a few hours ago.
Castiel looks up at him, and Dean realizes that he has a hint of stubble on his face, defining his sharp jaw and cheekbones. His eyes bore into Dean’s own, crinkling a little at the corners as he gives him a small smile. “I appreciate all your help, Dean, but like I said, I don’t wish to overstay my welcome --”
Cas’ brow knits in confusion. “Is that a reference to something?”
Cas grits his teeth, squeezing his eyes shut. “I’m -- I’m not sure what happened,” he says, breathing labored. “I was just… just swimming, and I had my eyes open underwater, looking at a fish, and suddenly this massive headache came out of nowhere.”
He hears himself shouting, but it’s almost muffled in his own ears, unable to get through the fog of panic wrapped around his mind. His heart is pounding as he runs to the shoreline, kicks off his shoes to begin wading into the still lake. Water soaks his jeans as he splashes forward, and it should probably be cool and refreshing, but instead just feels like ice stabbing into his legs. People are looking at him, some of them coming over with concern on their faces, but Dean can’t pay attention to them, only has eyes for the spot where Cas went down. “Cas!” he shouts. “Cas!”
Instead of the fresh, painful scrapes and lacerations that he’d had earlier, Castiel’s injuries look more like two-week old wounds, the bruising around them faint or faded completely. Dean’s eyebrows shoot up his forehead and stay there as he continues to examine Cas, keeping his touch light even though there’s no pain on Cas’ face. Even his ankle, which had been sprained severely, seems to have rapidly progressed: Dean squeezes it lightly, but Castiel doesn’t yelp or hiss in pain.
“Aye, do you think we’re blind? I could tell you and Castiel had something special between you the moment I laid eyes on that poor boy. And Sam said you talked incessantly about the lad.”
“I’m good, if talking is helping you then keep going.”
Something pushes at Dean’s shoulder, a barely-there brush of pressure that he presses back against unconsciously. It happens again, harder this time, nearly shaking his upper body even as he stays rooted to the floor. “Cas didn’t die only for me,” he says, but the words sound weak even as they leave his mouth. “He -- he saved the world. Again.” Another push; Dean wobbles imperceptibly. The darkness at the edges of his vision seems foggier, somehow.
There’s another muffled thump, and something that sounds like a low, pained moan. Dean bites his lower lip, but he knows his mind is already made up.
“But they debunked the selkie shit centuries ago, when the merfolk sent a coalition to meet with the Greeks. It was all just sailors seeing manatees and mermaids and thinking they were seal-people shedding their skin or whatever.”
Colorado. Not too far away at least, but he’s not sure when, exactly, Sam was taken. Honestly, Dean can’t even be sure that he’s alive. But somehow, he knows his brother isn’t dead. Somehow, he can feel it.
And then the chair gives one loud, final crack, and collapses beneath them, sending them tumbling to the cold, hard floor with twin grunts. Cas’ elbow drives into Dean’s sternum, punching the air out of his lungs, and he thinks he accidentally kicks Cas in the side as he flails. For a moment, Dean lays there, staring up at the ceiling, dazed. And then he bursts out laughing, the sound bubbling up through his core and spilling out, drawing a few chuckles from Cas as well.
Cas’ voice is tinny and small coming through the speakers of his phone. It sounds like he’s speaking from a distance, too; maybe he’s in the station’s backroom? Taking another turn, Dean clears his throat. “Yeah, Cas?”
. Got more magic in his little finger than I have in my entire body. I couldn’t help him with that when he was younger, and it landed him in a ton of trouble, and the same thing seems to be happening again.”
. That it -- that
do this?” Dean asks, dropping the oximeter and marching over to his brother, grasping Sam’s arm and pulling his left hand out of his pocket before he can stop him. He tugs carefully at the very bottom of the bandage wrapped around Sam’s finger, lifting it up.
A gentle hand lands on his shoulder. Patience, one of the interns, gives him a soft smile. “I’ll handle this,” she says, urging him towards the hallway. “Go get the paperwork done so you can get out of here.”
“Four.”
Just as he reaches for the child, he feels his body lock up again, held in place by the same unseen force as before. Looking up, he sees Lucifer extending a hand in his direction, his other hand wrapped around Cas’ throat, forcing him to his knees as he strangles him. Lucifer grits his teeth and flicks his outstretched hand, sending Dean flying backwards into the side of the cabin. Dean’s head rings as he slumps to the ground, his vision going blurry. He watches as Lucifer turns fully towards Cas, the hand not around his throat tensed, fingers curved like claws in the air.
