He had even been getting up before noon, a rarity for him.
"Well, you're one of the lucky ones, then.  ...I know it's not pleasant.  But you're all done now.  You can stand whenever you think you're ready."
And deep down, in some tiny corner of his mind, he wondered if he ought to rub that spot behind Steve's ears more often.
"Вы не хотите его потерять его из-за этого," Natasha summarized. Steve nodded. Sam rolled his eyes. He didn't know Russian either.
"No."
"To the twenty-first century!" agreed someone else, raising a glass.
Tony felt a prickle of discomfort and he realized why after several moments; she hadn't yanked up the sheets to cover herself, which would have been normal.  She'd only sat up, but now she was sitting there, staring at them as if not at all concerned about her nudity or vulnerability.
"Wait!  Tony!  I said
?  Steve, we've been bonded for over two weeks!"
But when that man had tried to come buy Steve off of his mother he'd only been sixteen. Maybe the man was rich. Maybe he would have taken Steve to events like this one. Who knew.
. He'd... abandoned him.
Tony peeked at Happy over the edge of his glasses.  "...you mean Pepper?"
"Jeff is pretty busy with the babies, but he's willing to send his Alpha to the party," Aria had been reporting to Steve over breakfast.  "Banksy wants to come, and of course he's welcome, everyone loves him... Stone can come, too. Though as I mentioned, he's also available to meet with you beforehand, on the thirtieth.  There's going to be a few reporters from Time magazine and the Associated Press, but it'll mostly be Tony's pals... I already asked Irshad on your behalf but she's at a summit hearing in Geneva all week.  She wishes us happy holidays, though."
Tony was shaking his head.  "Steve,
Pepper stroked Steve's hair gently.  He was shaking, sweating, and clearly not himself.  "So you're saying you were in... in your old mate's body... and your old mate was in yours?"
"--good to be back, thanks," said Pepper, grabbing the phone.  "Hello, this is Virginia Potts-- oh, hi, General Ross, how are you?  Did you get our Christmas card?" She waved Sitwell away and stalked off toward the kitchen.
"DONNER!" yelled Malick; the other omega scurried over.  "Kneel." Donner dropped. Malick smiled. "...it makes a man feel powerful, doesn't it?  Seeing a man like Steve Rogers kneeling before you?"
know you're like slowly soaking the entire mattress, right?" he said and then threw his towel into Tony's lap.
he thought.
"So what's
on not being naked."  He ran his hands over Steve's body, watching the hot water course down it.  He nuzzled Steve's chest.  If someone had told him, a week ago, that he'd be this obsessed with someone, let alone a someone who lacked breasts, he would have laughed at them.  Life could be funny like that.
He was panting as he caught his breath back, feeling truly wrung out. Steve dozily reached up to run a hand through Tony's hair. "Love you," he murmured, words soft and drawn out as he nuzzled against Tony's cheek. Steve smiled against the skin there. "We... we should do this more often."
Sometime after midnight, with a tentative knock, he peeked in.  Tony was lying sprawled on top of Steve, shiny with sweat, not moving, his knot buried into Steve.
"Have I ever told you that I hate being big?" Steve murmured. "I mean, I obviously love being healthy...that's awesome. And I liked being able to fight, to contribute...but I'm aware I'm not 'normal.' Sam said it must have given me confidence but it didn't. I was always confident; it was just that everyone suddenly started listening to me for a change..."
Steve had only really seen Tony like that once. And that was during his heat, when they'd had a fight and he had told Steve to kneel in his drawing room. It had been an intense an fiery moment, an
"I love you." Steve sighed. "I need you to know that." He nuzzled against Tony's cheek and then reluctantly pulled back. He fixed his hair in the mirror; thankfully none of it was pink with blood. There was no bruises in sight (unless you looked closely at his knuckles). Steve, considering, really looked rather good. But they all saw him arrive already; he was fooling nobody.
"He's scared of me.  Everyone's scared of me," she said, miserably, staring at her hands in an airport terminal.
"Do you...do you think we could find out where they're keeping the omegas who are going to be put on auction?"
Pepper was quiet. "He's been with me last few days," Steve filled in the silence, feeling like he had to say something and offer up some kind of explanation. Had Pepper seen the papers? Of course she had. She knew Captain America was alive. But the thing is a busy woman like her might not have seen the pictures themselves. Did she know Steve was a liar?
Steve got Bucky to drink three full trays, even brushing back his hair with the long strands tried to stick to his mouth. He was gentle with him, kind even, despite the fact that he knew what they intended to have the Winter Soldier do to him.
Tony focused on getting Steve out of his clothes and into a tux.  His let his entire concentration be absorbed by the task.  It made it a lot easier to handle when Steve pulled off his shirt and he saw the bruises.  He paused for a moment and then went back to it, methodically, carefully buttoning Steve up.  Steve's movements were all too stiff.  The bandage on his leg looked white and clean.
Gideon's frown deepened.  "No, Donner, you can't have a baby.  You can barely even take care of yourself.  Now
Phil just replied with a soft, "hmph."
Steve cried out as Tony pushed into him, squirming beneath him. His highs trembled and fell apart as Tony's cock squeezed inside of him and made him press his forehead to the floor. It burned a little because of there being no preparation but it still felt so fucking good. Steve liked it. He thrived in it. "Ohmygod...ohmygod," Steve whispered, mostly to himself. Tony was far too lost in the moment to really hear him. "Fuck- ah -Tony. You feel so good.
“Alright, alright. First gift is for…” Steve paused before announcing “Kamala. Here you go kid, it’s more of an upgrade than a gift.” He held out the package, neatly boxed and wrapped in striped wrapping paper, happy birthday written across the paper obviously suggesting whoever it was gifted from didn’t exactly go out of their way for the gift. Kamala smiled anyways, thanking him quietly and neatly opening the gift.
It was tagged and Kamala smiled gently “For Tony.” She addressed gently, extending over the table and holding it out to the Stark. His expression portrayed mild surprise as he took the gift and thanked Kamala gently, in return she shrugged, her hand shrinking down to it’s original size. “I’m assuming it’s from Steve, since none of the other gifts were from him.”
“All of it frankly, you know you haven’t even asked me yet.” Tony replied teasingly.
“Which part, the fact it’s the holidays, the fact it’s in front of our family or the fact the ring is vibranium.” Steve questioned in which Kamala perked up at that along with the rest of the group.
“Right, right, I already own about five pairs of Avengers logo cuffs. Actually I think I lost a pair two years ago, might’ve used them for a project that included a toaster and-“ Tony paused suddenly, his expression dropping to one of shock. He seemed to display several different emotions before he laughed dryly and looked back at Steve, who had wrapped an arm around the others shoulders.
“Right.” Steve spoke up, lifting his glass and smiling “I want to thank you all for agreeing to this dinner, and the gifts. It’s been a great year so far being back on Earth, back with my family, back with you guys. I just said I’m glad to be back with you twice.” The man paused to allow small chuckles ring through the room. “But I’m also proud of us as a team, this year has been difficult, the last five years really and I just want to-“
Christmas Eve, 24th December 2024
“Don’t you think it’s tacky?” He asked glancing back down at the obscured contents of the box.
“All this speech stuff Rogers, can’t we skip to the gifts?” Boomed Thor, grinning and lifting up his jug of mead with an amused look. In response everyone at the table seemed to enjoy the idea causing Steve to finally concede.
Tony scoffed as he unwrapped the present to reveal a small jewellery box “Cuff links, you shouldn’t have winghead, thanks.” The Stark muttered, weighing the box gently before leaning over and planting a kiss on Steve’s cheek. To which Steve quickly shifted his head to catch a quick kiss. In response the team groaned at the PDA and the two smiled, laughing softly.
His face smacked against the ground and he felt cool, antiseptic tile against his cheek.
Before Steve knew what was happening two of his newfound friends from the fashion shoot were jumping on him. One was a girl named Tracy who barrelled into Steve first, pulling him into a tight hug. She had been the 'plus-side' model but really that just meant she was curvy; models, Steve had learned, had a different sense of what constituted size. Tracy had chocolate coloured hair that fell around her face in tight ringlets, her olive coloured skin dashed with a light spray of freckles. Another guy was with her, Alexis, who was essentially the size of Steve before the serum. He was dressed in slacks and suspenders, a pair of over sized glasses on his face. They were both characters. Tracy already seemed quite drunk.
Steve was glad Peggy had made it. That she'd been happy. And now he could see in her eyes that she was happy for him too. When she'd seen him before Yemen it had been a different time. Steve had been in a very bad place and the future for him and had Tony had been bleak or practically non-existent at the time. But now Peggy was smiling and there was a kindness in her eyes that Steve recognised.
karaoke?" He asked, pointedly avoiding Natasha's piercing gaze.
"Excuse me?" asked T'Chaka.
"I just need some... air. I'll be like five minutes." Steve disappeared out through a door and ran through the halls until he found an egress.  He needed to be outside. When he got there, he slumped down, back against the building wall. It didn't feel real. Bucky couldn't be
He moved to set the tray down between him and Tony and then sat down opposite him too. Steve handed Tony a fork and then pushed forward his stronger cup of coffee. His cooking was hardly restaurant quality but Steve liked to think it was alright. His ma had taught him most of the things he knew- like how to get his pancakes all fluffy inside.
"I think I mentioned this song, uh,
"Look, we're not with the school.  The police are here taking all the omegas.  Get dressed," demanded Tony.
A ghost of jealousy crossed Tiberius's face.  Pepper reached over and laid a hand on his arm.  "I'm sorry, Ty."
"...Betty Crocker isn't real?"
"I'm glad Steve's heat is now so that he can be around for Project 84," said Tony.  "...you gonna be there?"
Tony watched him wolfing down food with an odd sense of fondness.  Poor Steve. He ate like a guy who had never seen filet mignon before.
This was actually fairly typical.
"If you decide you're done with him, I'll pay for your lawyers," Steve told Jack passingly and then moved to follow Tony into the backstage area.
He didn't say anything more. There was nothing more he needed to. The way his back arced up and his body language said it all. Steve was completely compliant and pliant to Tony's touch and command.
Steve was already showered and dressed. He wore dark jeans a casual white shirt. He looked presentable, but not quite the PA he had been.
Tony lowered his voice.  "...do Alphas go into heat?"
More concerning was the idea that he wasn't allowed any food or booze that evening.  He tried to squash down his concerns.  If there was one thing he'd learned from doing drugs, it was that freaking out always made things worse.  (But how the hell was he supposed to relax without alcohol?)
A huge portion of his physical had revolved around his chest.  Naturally.  His sternum had been crushed, most of it removed to make way for the arc reactor.  The X-rays showed shards like glass needles clustered around the middle of Tony’s chest, bright white and gleaming, standing out from behind the edges of the circular reactor.  Tony was glad they'd spent so much time focused on that and not on the scar on the back of his neck.
He'd missed drawing him, he realised with an ache in his chest. Steve had drawn a lot of nudes of Tony in the past seven months. He'd gotten to know the curves of his thighs and the bumps of his hips and the taught skin of his stomach well. Steve had missed just waking up early and doing sketches of a peaceful and serene-looking Tony as he slept well into the afternoon, having stayed up late the night before working on one of his suits.
"Are you hot?  Cold?" prompted Sam.
"I don't think you're Gideon's type," Steve murmured. "He might try and spent time with you, try and covert you or something but he definitely won't try and sleep with you," he assured him. When Tony had finished throwing up and drunk the water he held out a hand to help him stand.
"It did?  --oh, I mean, sure, no problem," said Tony, throwing back the water.
"Of course I can.  You're my omega, aren't you?  Come on." Gideon turned and began walking back to his car.
on me. I can't trust him anymore. He's ruined this relationship, whatever it was. Maybe if he apologised we could try to repair things, but that will never happen."
"Yep."
"That's five months and three weeks.  Nearly exactly six months."
"No! It
"Back in the forties we weren't allowed to drive without a special license, you know," he filled in quietly as they stopped by the car.
Tony stepped forward for a moment and put a hand on Steve's head, drawing him over to his thigh.  For a few moments he just stood, the weight of Steve's head on his leg, enjoying their position.
!  Do I
omega.
"I find that very hard to believe."
Tony stared unabashedly at Steve as he prepared the bath, running around the bathroom almost obsequiously, grabbing towels, salts, soaps, everything.  Classic nesting behavior.  It was weird to see Steve- Captain America- so intensely focused on such mundane tasks.  Tony let Steve set him gently into the marble bathroom and he moaned luxuriantly, tilting back his head and spreading himself out.  He felt one of Steve's legs touch his.  He glanced up lazily.
He leaned his head back. "That felt good," he whispered, a smile in his voice. "We should do that again sometime."  Steve resisted the urge to squirm against Tony again just wind him up some more.
"I kind of lost it at the end.  I'm sorry."
"Like I've done a lot of sit ups," Steve said, not even wincing as Gleason pulled the wet cloth over his neck again and again to get it clean. He kept his gaze fixed on the wall ahead, ignoring the pain best he could.
"From where?"
"And are you?  ...happier?"
"You're staying.  Okay. You're staying right here," repeated Tony.  "My omega. Okay." He forced himself to take a deep breath.  He reached up shakily to touch Steve's chest. Warm, solid,
"Director's Fury's gone quiet," Maria hummed. "I can only hope he's handling it. Are you sure that door will hold?"
We're not going to kill every single HYDRA agent we see.  We kill the minimum that we have to, and then we capture the rest. That's the way it's done, Tony, because we're
"Perfect, great, yes.  Lemme just swap this bad boy out and we can get started," said Tony happily, digging around the sinkhole that was his desk.  Pepper often criticized Tony's seeming lack of organization, but Tony knew where things were; he had the precise methodology of all mad scientists and refused to move anything.  The result was piles of papers and circuit boards and wires and old coffee cups.  He knocked over a tangle of wires and a stack of journals before finding what he was looking for; a new palladium core.
Tony walked over to the map.  Four different colors. Did that mean anything?  Something caught his eye... many of the pins had tiny paper labels stuck into them, and one in the northeast said,
"Do you know what it means when an omega is off their suppressants?" Steve asked curiously, focusing on the feeling of fingertips trailing down his back. He was half tempted to ask Tony to take his top off altogether.
Donner looked up.
!" Steve snapped, blue eyes fiery and DeSoto visibly flinched.
"Thought you don't break a sweat easily?" teased Tony.
Steve looked down at his phone to text Tony.
Currently they were all talking excitedly about Steve's charity.
Tony woke up alone, in bed.  There was a plate of toast next to the bed.
"I meant it! I meant what I said, it's wasn't a
...maybe to Brooklyn.
Maria blinked in alarm.  "What? Who?" she demanded.  Her hand moved to her side holster automatically.  "Where are you at now, Nick?"
"I just wanna be with you," Steve said in a whisper after a beat of silence. "I just want...to spend time with you. I want to make
Steve's expression had changed a little; Tony could smell unease, and anger, and sadness.  "...it's
Upstairs, the living room was finally looking more like a living room and less like a warzone; it had been cleaned and mostly patched, and the furniture had been righted or thrown away if it was broken.  Tony's eyes wandered over to the new glass coffee table that had been purchased to replace the old one; it was nearly buried under boxes of envelopes.
"They walked out. I really don't wanna take any credit," Steve said. Pepper smiled again.
Tony's eyes narrowed.  "Who's asking? I don't want SHIELD all over my ass on this one."
"Okay, kids," said Pepper wearily as they pulled up to the house.  "It's..." She checked her watch. "...past three in the morning. Time to go home.  Steve, remember, you're meeting with Clint tomorrow."
When Tony stepped back he instantly looked better and more like himself. Steve could
"Good morning, Steve," he chirped.  "...that session didn't last nearly as long as I'd expected.  I was waiting in the hall and I didn't get to finish the paper... but I thought you might need some entertainment more than me."  He passed Steve the newspaper.
"We've seen Alphas appear in omega simulations before.  Ah... typically, those Alphas are... well... you'd have to be related to him, by blood. Or bonded."
. He wondered when that nickname had slipped in. Maybe he would actually start using it.
.  But Steve had made it clear that Natasha and Clint were his
"How come there's no coffee?" demanded Tony, deciding to ignore the fact that Steve was strong enough to lift a two-hundred-pound barbell with one arm like it was nothing.  His eyes roamed over Steve.  His biceps were glistening with a sheen of sweat; he looked ready to tear out of the shirt he was wearing.  He had no idea why a guy of Steve's build needed to train but he figured it was some weird military thing.  He assumed Steve might wonder the same thing if he walked down to the shop and saw Tony soldering together circuits.
he thought and guilt tugged at his gut. He felt scared all of a sudden, like he was teetering on a knife edge. Maybe this was it. Maybe he'd pushed Tony too far and now he didn't want to deal with Steve...crazy, selfish, unpredictable Steve.
"Pepper printed our itinerary but the only thing I really wanna do is go see the locks exhibit at the British museum," said Tony.  There was a big exhibit on locks and Tony liked locks, felt like he might find some inspiration there for the suit, which he was going to go without for the next ten days.  Tony rarely unplugged completely but for Steve... well, he was a sucker.
of the night.  He had made a new element.  He and Steve had shared a moment.  He'd panicked and yelled at Steve and kicked him out, and after that, everything was lost to the alcohol.  Disjointed images of Rubik's cubes and a heartfelt discussion on Steve's sofa floated to his mind, but nothing specific.
"Steve?  I just saw you announced your bond at the Expo.  Congrat-"
?  You could meet Banksy, if you wanted to."
Before SHIELD, before the era of implants and prostheses, Clint was damaged goods.  Clint was functionally disabled and would have made a lousy omega; he couldn't hear commands issued, and therefore couldn't follow them.  His brother had been the desirable one.
. But Alphas didn't notice him, not around Tony, anyway. It didn't matter that he'd fought in the war, served his country, any of that shit. He was just Tony Stark's omegas and he was apparently here to take pictures.
"Wait, who's Luke Cage?"
even actually age.  The doctor who he'd seen last had probably been joking when he told Steve he might be immortal, but Steve had not found it funny.  That was a chilling thought. Living forever sounded very lonely. Steve had outlived all his friends once and was not keen to ever repeat the experience. But he knew he would at least one more time.
DeSoto frowned a little.  "Maybe I don't wanna walk around without a collar 'cause I'm scared of getting shot again!" he said defensively.  "And-- and I don't even like fighting. I only do it 'cause he tells me."
hybrid in both the combustion-based and electrical engineering sense of the word."
Tony was beyond words; he was snarling and snapping and desperately trying to get at Gideon.
He sorted out the meeting, painfully, and then completed all his tasks for Pepper just in time for the new 2 o’clock meeting.
limits.
"Dude. You need a towel," Tracy said, looking at Tony with wide eyes.
Steve leaned forward.  "Well you see, I kind of have a plan for tomorrow night..."
Tony stared, fascinated.  They
"He's handling the whole thing well, isn't he?" said Tiberius, still cradling one of the babies.
"So. Off the record.  Tell me. Honestly. How's he treat you?" He fixed Steve with a look and Steve suddenly realized that this wasn't part of the interview or the Christmas special.  Banksy looked genuinely concerned about Steve, looked like he truly cared about Steve's well-being. And Steve was fully aware that this was probably why the three of them, all omegas, were currently in Banksy's room, alone; because the other omegas didn't trust Steve to be honest when he was around Tony or any other Alphas.
"I'm afraid our high end range is never very...'calm', Captain," Lydia said politely, hands clasped in front of her. "It can be strange, wearing something so...
this all my fault? It feels like it is."
.  And he's choosing you, and you're treating him like shit."
wrong with this shirt," snapped Tony, who had no better reply.  He reached for a piece of cantaloupe; Pepper swatted his hand away.
Alpha!  Oh, God!"
Tony watched a bead of gasoline drop from the car in front of him.  A perfect, beautiful bead of liquid.  The life of the car, draining away, leaking all over the tarmac...
If he could get Steve to stop acting out, would everyone forgive him for looking like him?  Would everyone stop being angry at Steve, and therefore him?
Wendy and Remi both shook Steve's hand.  Like Danielle, neither of them were bonded.  Wendy and Danielle were wearing blue dresses, while Remi's was a soft pink with an elegant floral pattern.  Banksy was in a tux, his sleek blond hair tied back. It was the first time Steve could ever recall seeing him in black and not something bright and loud.
Steve traced a finger down the swell of Bucky's palm. He was familiar with these hands, and they hadn't changed. Steve could almost kid himself that Bucky's hands were rough from just working on the dockyard.
He sat up.  "Lemme wash you," he said with sudden earnestness.  He put a gentle hand to the back of Steve's neck and tugged him forward, brushing wet locks of blond hair off his forehead.  He studied Steve's face intently, memorizing every feature.  No fucking way he was going to let them send Steve alone on any "real missions."  Granted, Steve was a soldier and Tony was, strictly speaking, a rich, spoiled businessman... but Tony felt like he'd already demonstrating some fantastic grace under pressure.  Hell, the Vanko thing alone was surely enough for him to get in, right?
Mackenzie nodded. "Absolutely, Captain."
Tony smiled at Steve, reaching out to stroke his hair while Steve rubbed the back of his neck.
"Would you like a drink?" The waiter with the floppy brown hair appeared next to him.
be him.  He's been dead seventy years," said Tony, mostly to himself.
The question seemed to half go over Steve's head. "I mean that's why everyone got upset when I was force bonded, wasn't it? Because 'Captain America' got fucked over by Russia."
Pepper froze.  "
Steve dried out on the balcony with a fluffy dressing gown on. The view was stunning. This kind of luxury...it still felt surreal.
Sam was slowly choking his out.  "I got him," he whispered loudly.  "Go finish getting us in."
"No, it's an exo suit."
? thought Tony.  He felt the same horrified feeling of guilt when he learned his missiles were being sold to terrorists and targeting civilians, but this was worse, so much worse; if he hadn't been in the suit, he was sure he would have collapse onto the ground. His legs felt weak and the only reason he was maintaining his composure was because Steve needed him to.  He had to make sure Steve was safe.
"For the last fucking time, it's not a weapon, it's a
"You, what are you so happy about?" demanded Karpov, glaring at the soldier.
"I'm actually eighteen, sir," he piped up. "It's incredible to actually to meet you. I thought your video was amazing."
"Dani!  Where's that martini?" he demanded, glancing behind him.  He'd left the door open in case Steve wanted to hover.
Laura sat behind Clint and rubbed behind his ears; he leaned his head back, still kneeling on the porch, his eyes half-closed with bliss.
"He's not even the
"They make a magazine for people like him?" asked Clint.
"Pietro.  Can we help you?" asked the woman.
...who the fuck was Raza?
"Mr. Stark, we're nearly there."
"They're gone," said Wanda.
"Come on, Steve, let's go."
could have been convinced to buy a war bond or start a liberty garden or something.
"полковник?" he asked hopefully.
Tony's fingers ran over the scar on the back of Steve's neck.  "Mine," he said quietly, tentatively, tracing the ridges.  "...omega," he added.  His voice was hopeful.  It was almost a question.
... Steve screwed his eyes shut and ran his hands over his face.
Steve always whimpered when he first took him. Nothing could ever really prepare him for a knot; it stretched him out for a reason but his hips only faltered for a moment before he picked up his rhythm again. Steve kept it firm and thorough as he rose up and down on his Alpha, head tilted just right so his back arced almost prettily. His hands clenched the sofa back over Tony's head but the pace was so slow so there was no risk of Steve tearing it.  (He had done so multiple times. If Pepper noticed that the sofa colors kept changing, she didn't comment.)
It was quiet for a moment. Steve suddenly looked sad.
," he begged. And Steve Rogers didn't usually beg. It seemed Tony was a lot of exceptions, all at once.
"You got him!" exclaimed Tony with delight.
DeSoto?" asked Tony, starting to lose patience.  "Who the hell would want to buy a 'used' omega?"
He saw Dr. Ludheim looking down at him, her face framed by a fluorescent light, and for a moment, she looked like the Madonna.
Tony rubbed his eyes, trying to get the searing headache behind them to go away.
"Sir.  Miss Potts is here," chimed JARVIS.
It took Steve a second to realise what she meant. He almost went pink all over again. "
Tony was coolly hanging out as if unaware he was partially clothed.  Thank Tesla for sunglasses; Tony wasn't sure he would be able to maintain composure if he couldn't hide behind them.  He wanted to crack up, and he also wanted to haul off and punch Ron. But instead he was engaging in polite, calm conversation.
"...Mr. Stark," said Phil, breaking the silence, nodding to him.
There were a lot of things that Dr. Frond and Eric and even Ron had said that Tony had to agreed with.  But one thing he didn't believe was that omegas had no agency, that they existed only to serve their Alphas.  Tony didn't think sex was a right. He wasn't like HYDRA, inducing heats, forcing Steve into it. And the dangerous thing about those two little spots behind each of Steve's ears, behind every omega's ears, was that they could be manipulated with them.
He glanced over at Tony again, apparently unphased by it. But Steve couldn't help but feel a stab of anxiety. He didn't know how he could speak for all omegas.  Was that too presumptuous of him?  Was he doing the right thing? Was he?
Both Phil and Clint made small scoffing noises at Tony's ignorance.
Tony gave a sharp, hissing intake of breath as Steve dabbed at his lip.  His eyes softened a little.
He was in his shop, swiveling back and forth on a chair.
"The black Escalade on the fourth floor parking deck.  Enjoy. When you're done, you can go upstairs and iron my suits for me.  Here's the room key. Good boy, Stark."
"I don't mean in the base. I mean on the day you went on like an eight-hour drive to do a five-hour journey. Did you?"
"She also manages your schedule, answers your calls, sorts your mail, books your appointments, does your taxes, and holds your hair back for you when you vomit, sir," said JARVIS.
He wondered how often Bucky lay on top of Steve.  It was a natural position for an Alpha to want to take, to cover an omega's body with his own.  But how could Bucky had stood lying on top of Steve, sexless, with Steve's scent calling to him?  Did they do it clothed? Tony did not understand their bond and doubted he ever would.
"I know the feeling," Steve squeaked, turning a little pink. "Well, it took me over seventy years to get laid. So you've got that record to beat," he tried to joke. Tiberius laughed quietly and it was a deep sound. Steve smiled faintly. It was nice to see him laugh. He felt so very sorry for Ty. He couldn't imagine people avoiding you like the plague because of your smell. Steve knew it was like to be ignored, patronized... but when he was small no ever
"That's what I told myself when I made weapons," said Tony.
Tony's eyes scanned Pepper and Rhodes.  The thought of being alone with Steve.  Thrilling.  And yet terrifying.  Because so far, the highs with Steve and the lows with Steve had both been at almost unbearable extremes, and Tony was nervous that Steve would drop another bombshell on him.
He shoved through the crowds of people, aware that his lip was bleeding all over again and he probably looked like a bum.  Actually, it was turning out to be a decent disguise.  No one recognized him; a few people gave annoying cries as Tony pushed past them.
JARVIS beeped at him.  "Sir, you can an incoming call from an unknown number.  It is unblocked; the area code indicates a Malibu native."
"Don't you have anything else you want to say?" Aria asked.
"I literally know what like none of these are," Steve said after a moment, trying unsuccessfully to navigate through a menu of options. He was slightly overwhelmed by the amount of choices. "What do you recommend?"
"What, six grapes and a quarter of an apple?
have PTSD or something.  You stress yourself out too hard and then you have these self-destructive meltdowns, and frankly, that's kind of my thing so I'd appreciate it if you stopped copying me."
the one who's got a scar on his neck?
"Eighteen."
Dum Dum was an unbonded Alpha but he'd just strode over, picked Steve up like he was nothing, and carried him into a safe house.  A small cottage, abandoned over a year ago, the farm long-since ruined by war.  He'd barred up the door and sat outside with his gun the whole night. Steve knew he hadn't meant it in 'Alpha' way. He'd been protecting him, as a friend. And Bucky had stayed well clear of him, like he was afraid he might pounce on Steve if he got too close.  Steve remembered kinda wished he had at the time.
"What's lenvorwora-what?" he asked, turning around.
Tony's grip on Steve's shoulder tightened a tiny bit, but his smile remained.  "Steve and I are absolutely going to respect the rules. Come on, Stevie, let's go outside, grab a smoke."  Neither of them smoked but Tony could tell Steve was in imminent danger of punching through a wall; being called a breeder hadn't helped calm him whatsoever.
"Agent Thirteen, right?" asked Tony.
"He's safe," she repeated.
After a long, patient pause, Tony continued.  "So the thing is... uh... remember when Malick said only collared omegas ever went up to the lounge?  Which I didn't know, by the way, I swear. I never even noticed there were Alpha-only restaurants, I just never thought about it.  And you said, uh, you said you're rather show up naked. ...I dunno... maybe it was 'cause I had a few drinks but.... I thought that was sexy."
The only one who was affected by Tony's aggression was Donner, who followed them silently, like a shadow, flinching every time Tony spoke.
," she slurred.  "...there's a big, um, rock on our car."
"Yeah, I'm balls deep in him.  Say hi, Steve."
They went around saying their names and Tony got the uncomfortable sense of being in an AA meeting.
"Hi!  I-- I'm Christine.  Can I get your autograph, Mr. America?" she asked excitedly.  She was an omega.
, Steve reminded him pointedly.
Tony didn't move. Steve sighed and slumped down on the sheets beside him, staring up at the ceiling.
"What headlines?  About my birthday?"
Thanks for following us through part 3!  Next week begins Part 4: Project Eighty-Four.
"No.  All the omegas that are coming out.  There's a whole movement, Stand With Cap?"
His attention slid back over to the range, where Tony was walking the sergeant through some of the features of the gun he was holding.
Or maybe be killed.
sore, terribly sore, but his body was reacting already to that blue flick of Steve's eyes.
"...that's not really a fair question, Steve," said Tony carefully.  If Steve were small, Tony wouldn't have looked twice at him, probably.  Part of Steve's initial appeal had been his muscles, had been seeing him totally demolish Happy in a boxing ring.  It wasn't until Steve's heat that they had reached the conclusion that they were scent-mates. But when Steve was small, he'd never gone into a proper heat, so if he were small, they might not have even discovered it.  "That's like me asking you if you'd still want me if I'd never been through that shit-show in Afghanistan. You getting the serum... it's what let you come into my century in the first place, and it's what let you be involved in the army, and SHIELD, and end up with me.  If you were small, we would've never crossed paths to begin with."
"F-fine... arc reactor surges sometimes... s'ok..." lied Tony.
That had been more or less the cornerstone of their relationship in the '30s and '40s.  Bucky protecting Steve.  Bucky arriving when he needed to.
"Annoy him," Steve echoed. "Right."
am made from a programming language, Captain Rogers," JARVIS offered helpfully. Steve didn't really understand it any better. But he also figured that he didn't really need to.
"What?  No, I'm talking to Steve right now, let Mom swing you."
"RESTRAINING ORDER!" bellowed Pepper after him.
"You're going to be fine," he told his reflection in the mirror.  "Go get 'em."  He forced a smile and, with a deep breath, went back out into the crowded club.
," hummed Tony softly.  A pause. "...that's a very famous Sonny and Cher song.  ...remind me to play it for you, okay?" Tony smiled a little.  "...if you're too scared to sing on television alone, I'll sing with you," he added deviously.  Tony, unlike Steve, was perfectly comfortable performing on live television. The fact that he couldn't actually sing had never deterred him before; Tony just liked the attention.
He groaned in satisfaction as Tony fucked into him harder.
"I sure hope not," said Sam.  "...well, you only bond once, right?  I figured you were busy."
Steve ran to it, his feet pounding on the dusty grass. The door was locked when he got to it. Steve kicked it once. Twice. The door swung open.
"The hell's that?"
Laura leaned down to kiss the top of Clint's head.  "Go cream them," she said with a sly smile.
"What, like an escort?" said Ron, laughing.  "Tony Heartbreaker Stark's asking me to set him up?  ...you're a riot, Tony, really!" He slapped Tony on the back and Tony felt thoroughly annoyed; he was hoping Ron would introduce him to Bennett, but clearly, that was hoping for too much.  "Oops, your spade wandered off again... looks like Eric's got him!"
Happy drove Steve right to his apartment block and walked him up the steps to his door. Steve was shivering all over still and flushed but the water had helped cool him down.  That, and the lack of Tony. God. This had been embarrassing, hadn't it? Steve swallowed as they stepped into his apartment. It had taken him three attempts to just open the goddamn door.
Wait.  Why?  Was he planning on kissing Steve?
bleeding?  It was a clean cut, but deep.  Lousy glass.  "I'll just... wrap this... if you have bandages..."  Tony hiccupped and swayed, but the sway turned into a practiced swagger and Tony let himself into Steve's living room, strutting around the room, examining Steve's inner life.  He had never seen this place before.  There was a stupid-looking, overly patriotic mug on the kitchen counter, some pictures on the fridge, an easel in the corner with a half-finished skyline in watercolor.
Tony snapped at himself.  "Steve?  ...I'm the only Alpha you listen to, right?" asked Tony tentatively.  He felt self-conscious, vulnerable.  But it was a two-way street; they had gone far beyond the point of feeling self-conscious around each other.
glad I'm not an Alpha," he said, putting a hand on Steve's shoulder to steady himself.  "We go crazy, what, two times a year? You Alphas are loco 24/7."
"Yep."
Fury listened patiently.  His eye darted toward the window after Steve's, then back to Steve's face.  "Ever think that maybe HYDRA doesn't want to kill you?  Maybe they want to recruit you.  Maybe they want to breed you.  You're a valuable asset, Rogers.  And regardless of whether your ex was shitty or not, he's still in your head, and you associate him with Public Enemy Number One.  And not only are they in your head, but, by extension, Stark's.  Which brings me back to my original point.  This is a major issue for SHIELD.  The sooner we track down Barnes, the sooner we can figure out how HYDRA is playing these little mind games.  If you want to help us find--"
He could hear Steve's voice, as if from far away, but couldn't make out the words.  He felt a hand smoothing his hair, strong arms surrounding him.  He matched Steve's breath, staring at him.
.  If Alphas can't control themselves they shouldn't leave their damn houses.  And safe spaces are something the government should provide. For an omega a safe space during a heat should be a goddamn human right," Steve said, letting out a ragged breath. He went quiet for a brief moment then swallowed. "It's when you're at your most vulnerable. And as long as Alphas think they have no culpability for their actions, stuff like this is necessary.
Natasha sighed. "I think Tony sometimes over estimates your self-esteem. I don't think that's a bad thing, necessarily.  He just doesn't understand why you don't see yourself like he sees you."
The bartender stared at him in confusion, accidentally spilling the vodka he was pouring.  He swore quietly as he handed Bucky the shot and went to go get a rag to clean up the mess.  Bucky threw it back, again without any indication that the liquor burned. The man beside him watched him uneasily.
"Omeeegaaa," whined Tony.
"Whatever! Who cares? Jesus fucking Christ--"
A sudden sound.  Or perhaps just a vibration.
He didn't know what had happened to his arm.  He guess he had just been born without it or something.  He didn't really question things like that.
"Did you order us this while we were on the plane?  Thanks, Happy," said Steve.
"And here's Gideon, hello, darling..."
"Mine," repeated Tony eagerly, loving how readily Steve's body responded to his, arching into him.   He'd peeled off his clothes quickly, easily; he threw them aside, his eyes never leaving Steve's, his whole body tense with anticipation.  He practically attacked Steve's mouth; he reached down automatically to check if Steve was ready but he needn't have bothered; he could smell Steve, smell his arousal; it was also
"Maxwell's Equations," exclaimed Tony quietly.  "...but... but it's not a big deal, right?  He's... okay?"
Gideon sounded pissed off, tired but also amused. It was a confusing mixture of things. Steve was torn between being a dick and hanging up on him.
The soldier was confused.
" he yelled.  He cleared his throat and pretended to adjust his tie, though he wasn't wearing one and of course Francine couldn't see him.  "Pardon me, I'm sorry, excuse my outburst, I just-- I want what's best for little Kerry and I'm in over my head. Can't you give me a referral, at least?  Surely there's an institution that would help her find a mate? She's very obedient."
"...FIVE... FOUR..."
"I can have JARVIS lock down the suits.  How's that?" offered Pepper.
"We both know if you go back down there you're going to get shit-faced," Steve said bluntly and raised a brow at him. And then he blinked as he processed Tony's last words. "No licking," he told him flatly. "You're my boss." With that he went to fetch him another glass of water. "Drink," he said again as he handed it back again.  "If you sober up more you can back downstairs," Steve told him. "But like this...with you asking to
"Oh my God, Tony Stark!  ...is Steve here?" asked the omega, looking around.  The two betas began looking around, too, and Tony sighed internally.  His charm was no match for Captain America's. Oh well. Tony could at least console himself with the secret knowledge that less than an hour ago, Steve had been at his mercy.
"Who is Karpov?"
omega.  Back off."
He still felt bad.
"Tony knows it's a thing, sort of. But I didn't want to tell him until we definitely had it...on the ground, you know? It was just sort of a passing thought at first. I didn't realise we'd actually make it this far," Steve said quietly.
He wasn't
"Mr. Stark?"
Tony made a mental note to Google how the fuck omegas worked when he got home.  He didn't want to look like a moron in front of Steve.  He was supposed to be the "experienced" one.  Steve was a virgin and he'd been frozen in his late twenties.  Tony was supposed to know this stuff.  But most of what he knew wasn't technical or psychological; it was mostly stuff he'd gathered from porn and
"Noooo... Steve..." whined Tony, letting Steve tuck him in.  "...Steve, stop,
"Those kids from Yemen.  The Sokovian ones."
"What?"
, he reminded himself silently, remembering how Steve had asked him to kill Bucky when he was in heat.
"Rogers!"
"You w-won't kill him," Steve wheezed, somehow still talking despite all the hormones clouding his brain. He hated the fact that his body was responding, that he was still slick despite all this. He was repulsed at himself. Maybe his body struggled to portray his true feelings but as Steve looked up at Gideon there was nothing but contempt in his eyes.
"Nick Fury, Alphonso Mackenzie, Jasper Sitwell, Phil Coulson, plus Dr. Brazinski, and Pepper called Dr. Gleason," said Sam.
, not Tony."
Steve sighed loudly enough for Tony to hear. "Right. It's been like an hour, Tony. You nearly died once today, isn't that enough?" He almost sounded like PA Stan, because really there hadn't been much of a difference. Sure, Steve had been a little more professional and less confrontational. But he hadn't
Steve glanced over at Tony. "Will you be okay if I leave you on your own for a few hours?"
"I'm up," he announced, which was a blatant lie.  He was still sprawled across the bed in his shorts, unshowered and very much asleep.  Tony had learned to say "I'm up" very convincingly, no matter how tired or half-asleep he was, thanks to Pepper, who had learned the only way to actually guarantee that he was up was to yank the sheets off of him and, in extreme cases, physically roll him out of bed and throw clothes at him.
Tony had never been good at not talking, but he fell silent, draping himself on top of Steve, closing his eyes.  This was so weird.  Tony hated having emotions and here he was, an emotional mess. He'd reacted less dramatically to being kidnapped, to being attacked and almost killed.  But this.  This moment in time was
Steve smiled at that, stealing a pancake off the plate and practically eating it in one bite. "That's great, James.  That's what I did after high school, too. Good pancakes."
"Huh?  Oh."
time... and then you went and came out as omega to the whole world.  Fury is on the warpath."  She lowered her voice slightly.  "And Phil's about to undergo spontaneous combustion.  ...you know how he is."
"...you came all this way to spend an hour with me?"
And suddenly Tony had another memory.
Steve squirmed, and not in a good way, trying to get out of Gideon's reach. But that was impossible really. It was wrong. It felt good, but it wasn't Tony. He was touching one of Steve's most intimate areas. He wanted to grab Gideon's hand and break it but every bone in his body felt like lead.
"Yes but he hardly counts as a man."
, a show he liked because it gave very clear, simple instructions and lots of praise for following them correctly.  Currently, he was counting with Dora in Spanish.
patriotic." Sam was dressed in his own tactical gear, his wings enclosed against his back and ready to spread out at a moment's notice. Natasha was in all black with an insane amount of weaponry hidden away on her person, shocks wrapped around her wrists.
of a person. They're supposed to make you happy, add to you, show you things you never even knew about yourself." Steve's lips twitched up in the hint of a smile. "Tony helps build me up.  Not break me down.  That's what a mate does.  They're not supposed to take stuff away."
, the truth is... bonding... it changes how you are.  I know that now.  This other guy... whether you want him to or not, he has an effect on you.  He's in here."  Tony tapped his head.  "We saw that in your simulation.  ...he came first.  He came before me.  And even if he treated you like crap, you love him.  I know.  I can feel it.  Like you said
Steve scoffed out a laugh. "You'd never do that."
"Merry Christmas," Steve murmured and took a sip. It was sweet. Bubbly. Like a carbonated, sweetened wine. "What is this?" he asked and pulled the glass away from his lips to inspect the contents.
"I think you've been spending
"Yeah, right," he said and turned back to the others. "Anyway, so, again, different body, no condoms. Oops! Now we've got one of these."
Steve nodded just a fraction and said, "Well, maybe she recognizes my voice? They can, you know. Recognize voices they heard while they were in the womb. Supposedly anyway."
. I already had my stuff packed. I grabbed my bags… You know, it just occurred to me he never looked me in the eyes."
"You have your ways of dealing with this, and I have mine."
"I'm supposed to like bad biopics about myself?"
Thor stared at him a moment, and the sad concern softened a little as he said, "You have achieved what your kind has struggled to attain for generations."
Tony shrugged. "Well, you're so much stronger than I am, it would probably be less effort for you."
"Well, actually—" Steve started to say, but Tony belched then said, "No, we didn't. You know why? Because we don't
"They don't know that they have."
"So, it is a woman. Is it Pepper?"
Steve raised an eyebrow at him and said, "I…really don't remember when 'Captain America' was born, but Steve Rogers was born on July fourth, and all Steve Rogers needs is a nice, relaxing evening with his best fella and maybe a dinner."
"I'm used to it—"
"Miss Olivia."
think that was a date—"
"Yep," he said, his gaze concentrated on whatever he was looking at on his phone.
. Keep going." God, it had been so long since he'd done this, but it was like riding a bicycle. Once you knew how to please your Tony Stark, it was kind of hard to forget.
dating. We
Really, it was just an excuse to suck on each other's fingers in a somewhat sultry manner. It was actually a pretty damned good cake, but yeah, the entire thing — at least on Tony's end of it — was to provocatively suck Steve's fingers in front of their friends.
Steve came up behind him, and he put his arms around Tony's waist and pressed a kiss against his temple, his broad hands splayed over Tony's abdomen. "Promise me all three."
He shrugged and scratched off 'spandex' as well. That…was not a sight he wanted to see on either the Hulk or Bruce.
"Yeah? For the record, I'm not
"Yeah, laugh it up. It was only from the point of view of how to not get someone else pregnant, not get pregnant myself."
Tony opened his mouth to respond, but Wilson said, "Details about a sex life I really don't need to hear about."
He didn't know why this one stuck out to him, but he couldn't stop looking at it, and something warmed inside of him as he thought about Tony and himself being the type to commemorate something like that. If nothing else, from what he'd seen, Tony was a loving father.
If it hadn't been for Steve and his super soldier super sperm, he wouldn't have been in this situation to begin with, now would he?
"I can't," she said with a gentle shrug, twirling her arms out and smiling as she did so. "I told you it's out of my hands."
would not be either, and then where would you be?"
Women, as it turned out, had to be careful about that sort of stuff. The first time he'd sneezed with a full bladder had been a surprising and embarrassing wake-up call for him.
"Tony," he said almost like he was offering an ultimatum, "tell me you want this."
Well, fuck him.
"Whatever makes you most comfortable."
"You really need a 'trial run' to see if you like laying around in bed and stuffing your face all morning?"
Tony sighed and snuggled down into where he lay on the couch — comfortably until Steve had opened his big, fat gob. "Yeah, but I'd rather not have to deal with that shit if I can help it. Look, I don't know why I even
" Barton whined. "
Tony considered this look a moment before he said, "No, he does. That's 'cause Steve plays with him because Steve seems to think he's an overgrown puppy instead of a
"Hey!" Tony called above the commotion. "Those jellies have my name on them."
"Mmm…they tried. But the government wanted it, so…"
"Is this your first?"
. Was anyone really going to believe that?"
Tony hummed as he considered the rather prominent bulge in Steve's pants. "Huh. You weren't kidding, were you?"
"Really?" Steve said, sounding a little surprised by Tony's admission.
seeing you go through this. I mean, I do, but not— I'm not laughing
Thor grinned, and he focused his attention on Olivia for a second before he said to Steve, "They are real to the children of Midgard. It is a shame that Midgardians lose their sense of wonder as they age. When you are young, the world is full of possibilities—"
He frowned. "Pep, Pepper-pot, oh queen-of-my-world, it's me."
have had some, uh, past issues with it. And before you ask about anything else, I mean, yeah, in my
"Oh, is that so?" Steve said. "Well—" he turned to Tony, "—we don't want to waste a moment of that, now do we?"
She shrugged. "They're OK," she said like she couldn't be bothered.
Steve frowned and went to probably say something about Tony
"Soon, baby girl," he said only because it seemed like the right thing to say. "Soon."
The fact that he was even in this position, though… Fuck, how insane was his life?
He stared point-blank at them, daring them to look away, but they both just smiled at him and raised their soda cups at him. He wasn't sure if it was supposed to be a toast or a peace offering.
He finished up in the shower, dressed, pulled his damp hair back into a ponytail, and made his way down to the kitchen where Natasha and Bruce sat with their respective breakfasts, and Tony began to hum a pleasant little tune to himself as he looked through the cupboards for something to eat.
He jumped when he saw another soda with citrus slices and a swizzle stick set in front of him, and he looked up to see his Long Island Lothario setting down another cosmo in front of Natasha. He grabbed a chair from another table and pulled it up to theirs and sat down, hunching close to Tony, and said, "You know, you ladies, if you were ever looking to maybe—"
Tony looked down at Steve. "Did you put this idea in their heads?"
"It's not you," Rhodey said, and Tony shrugged.
"Well," Steve said and stole a sly look at Tony, "we're just throwing some ideas out."
saw Tony Stark last week, and he definitely did not look like that."
Tony just smiled and nodded a little, appreciating the gesture. Even after all this time since New York, it was weird having people worried about him and concerned for him — people that weren't named James Rhodes or Pepper Potts. All the same, it was also kind of nice.
"There's always the Mets," Tony offered with a shrug, but Steve looked upon him like Tony had, well, insulted his firstborn.
He grinned, unable to help himself. "Well, if you can't trust Captain America to rescue your kid across the time-space continuum, I don't know who you can."
doing?"
Tony sighed. "Fine."
He exhaled a breath through his nose, staring off into the near distance. "How can you be so sure?"
, Tony. That's the problem. I know she's not a project, and I know on some level you know that, too, but you…tend to treat things
"Mmm…shut up."
God, they probably sat around in Bruce's lab and ate granola and talked about changing the world through the power of love.
"Meaning?" Tony asked, and Thor smiled at him. Tony would say it was equal parts uneasy and delighted.
Wilson furrowed his brow and looked between Barnes and Steve. "Uh…they're still playing. They're in Los Angeles now, I think. I mean, if you ever wanted to see them play." He nodded at Tony. "Princess could probably get us all a box."
He bit his lip and looked at Steve's sleeping form. God, he wanted Steve. He wanted Steve inside of him so badly. He looked down at himself and then back at Steve and realized he was going to have to do this himself. He was sure Steve wouldn't mind if he woke him up for sex, but at the same time, he didn't want to wake Steve up
"Because you said 'Stogers' and 'Roark' sounded awful."
She gasped out and said, "That's three whole numbers!"
He dropped his arms from where he had them so tightly folded, and he put them around her and held on, and as she continued to murmur soft words in Russian to him, he let the tears fall, something achy and sad forming in his chest.
you'd like to sink your teeth into some nice, thick Asgardian man—"
That's not— That's not even
Bruce nodded and went back to pressing into Tony's abdomen, his brow furrowing in more and more confusion as he went.
He turned back to finish prepping the bottle, and Steve let out a breath and said, "I just have a feeling, Tony. That's all. I just... I don't think you should entirely get your hopes up about Olivia being the third Stark to attend MIT." He shrugged a little and added, "I mean, she's not even technically a Stark."
hadn't changed any — personality-wise, at least. He was still the same Tony that he was. So, if Steve could have a 'Tony' in spirit and an…oh, hell,
He also had to pee again by the time they finished eating. His trip to the bathroom this time was uneventful, even if there was a frickin' line this time — why did it seem like there was
Steve texted back.
Oh, there was the usual media blather about it and whether it was true or not and what this meant for everything including the price of milk, and yes, now all sorts of people were coming out of the woodwork to say that they, too, had been 'experimented on by aliens,' but it didn't affect the Avengers to the degree that Tony thought it might. Except for the usual blowhards (and, now that he thought about it, all ones that happened to be employed by Ty fucking Stone's empire), no one was calling for a Senate investigation, no one was calling for them to be locked up (even David Welch had given up banging that particular drum — even if he questioned everything to their validity to their heroism to their style choices on a given day), and only the most reactionary of cable news networks was pushing hard on the 'Is Tony Stark really a
"Good," Bruce said, "except for the bedroom, that's probably your most natural environment, so it should provide the most comfort for you."
He stared at the ring, moving his hand to get the diamonds and sapphires to catch the light, and wondered why it bothered him so much that Steve was so seemingly disinterested in him all of a sudden. Look, he couldn't entirely blame the guy. Barnes had been his best friend. After his mother had died, Barnes and his family had been all Steve had had until he'd joined the army — until he'd set his sights on Peggy Carter. He couldn't blame the guy for wanting to get some of that back, some of that life that had been taken away from him.
"So, there's no escaping it?" Tony asked, waving his mug around in the air as though motioning to emphasize his question.
this was his daughter, he
"I don't know what either of those things are."
He received a couple of laughing emoji in return.
Esmeralda tittered with glee. "Oh, he makes such a pretty woman, doesn't he, Captain?"
, I could probably get you through the rest of this, but I don't want to, Tony. I don't want to do it. I don't want to be responsible for that. I don't want to deal with that. You know what I want? I want you to go to someone that deals with this on a regular basis. I want you to go to someone that knows what to look for. I want you to go to an
He felt absolutely lousy. He was tired all the time, he was cranky, and his clothes just weren't fitting him the right way, which meant he had to settle for JARVIS ordering him some apparel in the appropriate size and shape for his…figure. OK, it was really just tanks and yoga pants and boring cotton underwear, but it still counted. Bras were annoying, he was fucking breaking out in pimples like he was a teenager again, and his hair, never all that thin to begin with, was even thicker than he could have imagined. It was also a pain in the ass to deal with, which meant, more often than not, that he pulled it back into a ponytail and forgot about it. Sure, he could have chopped it to the length he was used it, but he…kind of liked having long hair for a change.
Tony spit out a laugh and nearly faltered at putting the pot back into the apparatus. He turned to Steve, grinning wildly, and Steve frowned as Tony stepped over to him, cupped his face with his hands, and said, "You. Are my favorite person. Ever."
She waggled her eyebrows a little, and Other Tony muttered, "I hate you," but she shook her head and said, "You don't."
As was no surprise to anyone, there wasn't any decent parking near to the gallery, and so Steve double-parked and let Tony and Bruce out in front of the gallery entrance, telling them he'd find a spot for the car and meet them inside. He drove off once some impatient cab driver nearly rammed the back of the Audi to get Steve to move, and Bruce nodded toward the door and said, "Come on," and led the way over.
"Yes, you got married after the war. That's all I can say about it. You just have to trust me on that. Anything more, and we get into 'City on the Edge of Forever' territory. We need to stick with Doc Brown 'What the hell?' at the end of
"But evidently this—" he motioned down at himself, "—thing could potentially kill me if I don't do something about it, so I—" He looked at Bruce. "I gotta get it out. How am I going to get it out?"
But Tony just hummed, and recognizing what that fussiness was about, he reached to pull up the hem of his shirt but then looked at Bruce and said, "Uh, how are you with breastfeeding? I know you literally watched me push a human being out of my vagina, but I don't want to offend your delicate sensibilities."
Tony glared daggers at him. "No one asked you for your opinion."
"If I did," he said, shifting his gaze to focus on something to the side of her elbow, "I wouldn't..." He swallowed. "I'm of more use like this."
He put his head in his hands. This was… This wasn't possible.
Thor frowned and said, "I do believe I understand the general—"
Tony stood up and went over to the other counter where he'd placed the prototype bow for Barton he was almost happy with but not quite. "Try not to drop this one on the ground, too," he said and handed it over before he went over to the platform where he kept the newest Iron Man suit.
"Yeah, and her name evidently is
, Captain?"
"That doesn't mean—"
Pepper just nodded, and she turned back to Happy and said, "It's OK. We can go."
She crossed the threshold and closed the door behind her, and Tony dug his spoon into the gelato, grimacing as a sharp pain went through his wrist as he did so, and he muttered a swear under his breath before Natasha said, "What happened?"
"I thought you were going to rat me out."
Steve looked to Rhodey for explanation, but Rhodey just put a hand up and shook his head a little as though to say it wasn't important or worth the time to explain, and Tony watched him a moment before he said, "Hey."
"What? What are you doing?"
," under his breath, Bruce asked, "Why was that one discounted?"
of you to familiarize yourselves with this. I'll leave the paperwork you need for the tests and the ultrasound with Serena, too."
He choked out a laugh, unsure of why he even felt the need to do it to begin with, but all that did was break open the dam, and the laugh morphed into something a little more dour and disheartened until he was clutching at the sink, leaning on it, head bowed as he sobbed out all the disappointment and remorse he'd been doing so much to tamp down from the moment he'd realized Bruce had known it was a 'boy' but had still been doing all that he could to get Tony to believe that
"It's not Pepper."
Steve wanted to say but didn't for some reason he wasn't quite sure of.
"Why?" Tony asked and glowered at him. "Why are you encouraging this stupidity?"
Steve looked up from where he sat on the couch, tablet in hand, as Tony stepped off the elevator — shoes in hand because fuck heels — and into the living area later that night. He raised an eyebrow but didn't say anything, and Tony made a face and amended, "OK, it was more that she kissed me and I didn't really stop it because— My god, we really are pigs, aren't we? Men, I mean."
"Hey, Olivia," Bruce said in his most cheerful voice, crouching down to her level. "Are you hungry?"
. Wouldn't they be able to
He groaned and said, "I'm just
"That dress isn't hurting you any, either."
to him. Tony nodded his understanding before he sighed out a breath and turned to them.
"That's pretty precise," Bruce said and grabbed a pair of latex gloves and a rubber band.
Tony watched as he went over to the bathroom and rummaged around in the small storage closet beside the linen cupboard, and he called out to him, "This is one of those old people 'I'm poor as dirt but I have too much pride not to look my best in public' things, isn't it?"
"If you don't mind."
thing, really. Spooning with Steve was nice and fun and half the time their usual mode of sleeping, but it also left them very little room to stretch out if the occasion called for it, and with Steve being on the taller side, and Tony being
"I mean, let's be honest here. The guy has a gorgeous mouth. And he was an art student. In New York. In the thirties. I'm sure he knows how to use it."
She reached down and set a hand against Tony's lower abdomen, pressing in and rubbing against it.
when you say it like that. Like I got you
"Get the fuck over here and put your arm around me!"
way — when can I schedule my appointment with you?"
Tony noticed a song playing, the first song they'd ever danced to down in his lab — his workshop back then — when he'd taught Steve how to dance. He stopped halfway between the elevator and the table and took a good look around, and he opened his mouth to ask Steve just what in the world all this was for when Steve took his hand and pulled him into his arms.
Steve hooked a right onto Twelfth Avenue and floored it up the roadway, humming along with the song and tapping the beat out on the steering wheel, and Tony watched in slightly bemused amazement as this relic from the '40s rocked out to 'Free Bird' of all songs.
"Oh, the dexterity. No, don't fight me. We're almost done."
"Need a bromide?"
He shrugged and stood up. "I'll have DUM-E fix me a smoothie. Have him dump some protein powder in it. I'll be fine."
"You guys are going to show up, aren't you?"
"Are actual real-life superheroes that take on the bad guys from every realm in the cosmos on a regular basis? Yeah. And you and me?" He motioned between them. "Captain America and Iron Man? We lead that bunch of misfits and freaks. Think of the Avengers like your Commandos except with more advanced weaponry and superpowers. And probably a lot more interpersonal drama."
Steve didn't move. "And why should I make anything easy for you?"
There was a pot of something boiling on a hearth, a menagerie of candles with orange flames flickering in the night, and the witch herself — a thin woman with long hair and flashing eyes — sat at a table scripting something into a thick book.
He turned when the door to the workshop opened, and Steve strolled in followed by a hesitant Barnes, who scoped out the room with curious eyes almost hidden behind straw-like hair. Steve shot a nervous smile at him as he led Barnes over, and he stopped just on the other side of Tony's worktable and motioned around.
Tony blinked at him, and Steve gave another good-natured shrug.
Tony stole a quick look at Natasha but saw she'd schooled her face into something completely solid and neutral, not one muscle denoting that anything Barnes had said was a lie.
Tony rolled his eyes and groaned, but Bruce jumped up from his chair and said, "I'll handle this." Tony turned back to the kid.
"Yeah, maybe," he said and sat back with a slight moan. "I don't think I'm going to make it."
to the other people at the table, all of whom seem to think I shouldn't be so cocky about the fact that I'm
He huffed and sighed he didn't know how many times, stared at the wall, at the ceiling, at the door, at the shadows reflected by the moonlight from outside. He drummed his fingers on his belly and then rolled his eyes when that seemed to rouse the kraken hibernating therein, and he pressed his face into his pillow and moaned when sleep, after nearly an hour, still didn't overtake him.
Everything was cleaned up now, but Steve had been involved in debrief since the early morning hours, and Tony hadn't seen him since then.
He gently maneuvered his hand so he was holding Steve's instead of Steve playing with his, and he squeezed it a little and said, "For what it's worth, we spent most of the time talking about you."
Tony heard the teasing lilt in Steve's voice, but he still ignored it and snuffled once before he launched himself at Rhodey, throwing his arms around his shoulders and hugging him tight.
Steve's cock felt rubbing against his…pussy sounded so crass. What else could he…? Well, whatever, he didn't want to think about it because he'd lose his train of thought, and the image of Tony — of dick-possessing Tony Stark — dressed up in women's lingerie seemed to be doing crazy things for Steve's libido, and he was nothing if not someone to encourage Steve's libido.
Doctor Ganford nodded her understanding then pointed to something on the screen, and Bruce moved the wand over in the direction she'd pointed.
"Well, I suppose I could have been more direct and said I wouldn't see your bonded for some time. You, on the other hand... No, this was always fated."
"You have a better explanation, buttercup? 'cause if you do, I'm all ears."
Steve hummed out a thought then said, "I think it's sweet. First song we ever danced to." He was quiet a moment before he added, "I kind of think of it as 'our song,' I guess."
Because much as he loved Steve, and much as he trusted Steve, Steve was not always right. No matter how much he thought he was.
, on the other hand, look like a fucking frat house threw up on you."
"Free country, J," he said and swung the car into the basement garage for the Tower. He pulled through the gate then waited for it to close behind him before he pulled around and parked the car back in its appointed space. He shut the car off and leaned back in the seat, head hitting against the headrest, and he groaned and rubbed his eyes and struggled with the thought of having to get out of the car. He'd been cooped up like that for over three hours, and his muscles were screaming with ache and with exhaustion, but he just didn't want to move. Not yet.
"Those are
"Look, even though we
"Then how do you know it's gonna be the end of the world if someone gets all these 'magic stones' together?" Bucky asked, the first words he'd spoken in some time.
Steve turned to him, and Tony turned to glare at Rhodey and said, "Thanks, man. Way to have my back."
"Wait, what was I saying?" he asked after he'd found replaying it to be a hopeless cause.
"Hey," he said and nudged Tony a little. "What's wrong?"
much taller than he was! — then sketched the other Avengers, including ones Tony had never heard of like Falcon and Wanda and Vision. She drew what Tony figured was supposed to be DUM-E with a dunce cap on — evidently, that was something he did — then Pepper sitting behind a big desk 'doing important stuff' while Olivia sat on her lap and helped. Most of this was Tony having to read into the pictures or getting Olivia to explain it to him, as they were simple line drawings and stick figures, and it was really only the hair and eye colors and the size differences that set any of the characters apart.
"I have my ways."
"It's a 1952 RCA TK-11," Tony said, impatient and ready to just get this over and done with. "What do you think it is?"
But Tony just sat there and shook him by his other arm as he said, "Yeah, well, seventeenth time could be the charm."
Tony made a contemplative 'hmm' sound then said, "Well, it's not the worst thing I've ever done. I guess it's worth it to see how excited you get about things. And how weird you get about other things."
Tony turned to him and tilted his head, seeming to be utterly perplexed by Steve's motion.
Tony shot a pointed look at Bruce. "That's the mindset of our great Sentinel of Liberty. A twelve- year-old boy."
"I told you," he said with a faux groan, "it got
"OK, that was just lame and pathetic, and
He rolled his eyes. "What is it with you people and trying to—? Yes, it's his. Of course it's his. We've kind've been exclusive for, like, two years now. In fact, if you people were doing your actual jobs, you would have already known there's a marriage license on file for us."
He just twitched his mouth from side-to-side and reached up to scratch the side of his neck. "I think you're both full of shit and you're trying to make me feel better. Look, can we start by not focusing so much on what I look like? How 'bout we concentrate more on my abilities and talents and what's on the inside?"
Tony raised an eyebrow. "You know what they'll say about that, right? That it's yours."
?) called 'Hulk'; storybooks from 'Uncle Rhodey'; some weird robot thing called a 'BB-8' as well as a guide to dealing with overprotective parents from 'Uncle Sam'; a set of crystal figurines from 'Wanda and Vision'; coloring books and crayons from 'Thor' ("
"Few years? She already is."
," JARVIS replied as the doors closed.
"What? My ex-girlfriend putting her hands on my stomach to feel the movement of the annoying little creature that's growing inside of me? Nah, nothing weird about that."
"Tony—"
Not that he'd ever admit that to Tony though.
"Don't worry," he told her. "There's a
He looked down at himself, at the breasts and the swell of his belly and the long, dark hair falling in his face.
"Europe, yeah, I know. The war." Tony sighed again and motioned to the couch. "Sit down, Steve. We have to talk." He rolled his eyes at Steve's hesitance and reached for the little girl in Steve's arms. Steve pulled back, unwilling to let this stranger lay one finger on her, but Tony was determined, and he muttered, "Goddamn it, Steve," and snatched her out of his arms before he could pull further away.
" Tony repeated like he didn't quite understand what that asshole Barton was implying. Until he did.
"The whole team? Yeah, they're worse about it than we are but they insist that
"I don't know, Stevie," Bucky said. "Got a feeling that if Baby wants to go to MIT, Princess will damn well do whatever it takes to get Baby into MIT."
But Thor just smiled at him, as though Tony had so much to learn about the wonders of the cosmos.
anything, either, which didn't help matters. Oh, he felt the nausea and the exhaustion and the tenderness of his breasts (which were, at current, what he understood to be a generous C-cup), but he didn't actually
Tony stood up from his computer, and if Steve didn't know any better, he'd say he was almost nervous, toying with one of those electronic rectangular things that were so prevalent. "A coffee. You know. It's what people drink. When they talk. With each other." He shrugged. "It's just a thought."
Well, except Tony. Who'd gone and not just bought him another TV but had bought one of those expensive flat-screens. Clint, upon seeing the brand-new TV set up in the shitty apartment Steve shared with Sam and Bucky, had just squeezed Steve's shoulders and said, "
in time, which…doesn't say a lot for us, but again, not something we've ever had to worry about. New experience. New sensations and all that jazz.
"Tony,
"I'm not dying again," he offered as an opening, glancing to him out of the corner of his eye. "No, I didn't think you were," Rhodey said, still with that appraising look on his face, hands shoved in his pockets as he looked Tony over. "I think you've gotten a little too accepting of weird shit that you would have denied and tried to prove wrong beforehand."
"Er...not to my knowledge?" Thor replied, almost like he'd been caught out.
Tony instinctively tucked closer to Steve. Ordinarily, he'd be bound and determined to fight. But ordinarily, he was not several months pregnant with a super soldier's baby.
"I know you did."
Bruce frowned a moment before he glanced in the direction Natasha had nodded in, and Tony grinned and pulled one hand from where he was cradling Olivia to give Bruce a slight wave in greeting.
didn't do it, the Winter Soldier did. Newsflash:
"So long as we agree it doesn't change anything," Steve said. "She's our daughter. We're her parents."
Tony snorted a laugh and took a sip of coffee. "Yeah?" he said after he'd swallowed the sip. "And who are you going to get to lead your Avengers B-team?"
like the Avengers, but not as cool," Wilson explained.
"Bucky is my friend. He was there for me… He was always there when I needed him. He was always there to pull me out of the fire. The one time he needed me to pull him out, I couldn't. I failed him. I couldn't watch out for him the way he'd watched out for me.
"Yeah, well, maybe I wanted to."
—" he grumbled as he realized what he'd done. Again.
Because, again, if he accepted what had been done to him and what was happening to him, just
"The Tesseract," Steve muttered and shook his head. The reason his entire goddamned world had been upended was because of that goddamned Tesseract.
like I should have been out at the front instead of—"
interrupting me when I'm trying to—"
"How? I mean—?"
"Which is not something I ever thought anyone would say about him, so again, I'm very glad he has you. Look, if you're worried that this pissing contest Birdman and I have going on is going to affect things with the rest of you guys, it's not— I don't actually dislike the guy, all right? I don't know how he feels about me, but I don't hate him. It's just— I don't know, it's fun." He exhaled a laugh and said, "Look, Steve— I get it. I'm from his 'old life,' and I'm the last real link he has to that, but I'm not— I'm not
She just ignored him and said, "C'n I have another slice?"
But maybe this being his body
"Look, I'll take the bed tonight," he said and made his way back over to Tony, putting a comforting hand on his shoulder. "Hey, for all you know, she'll vanish and disappear during the night and go back to wherever she comes from. We'll talk, OK? Even if she's still here and still bouncing around like a lunatic, we'll talk."
"Mmm…well, they don't call you the 'smart' one for nothing."
…uh…"
Tony snorted a laugh. He went to tease him about being 'old,' but remembering their discussion in the car, he simply said, "Sure, why not? What time is it, anyway?"
Bruce was looking nervous and shaking his head, but Rhodey was the one that caught Barton's attention and shook his head some and made a slight hand motion for him to cool it.
"Took
"Of course, Captain," came JARVIS's reply, and the soft glow of multicolored lights illuminated the darkness of the room. Tony had wanted all white lights because evidently that was classier, but Steve firmly believed if you were going to put lights on trees, they had to be colored like they had back in his day. They'd actually argued over it — in the store, no less, because they could have bought them online, but sometimes Steve liked shopping in a physical store — and Tony had threatened to pick up some god awful lighted flamingo until Steve said they would compromise and next year they could put white lights on the tree.
"See what?" he reiterated.
He shrugged, and Steve grinned and reached out to take hold of Tony's arms.
She rolled her eyes again and huffed. "Yes, Unca Bruce!" she said with more haughtiness in her voice than any four-year-old had a right to muster. "We all do, 'member?"
"Mmm…you like that, don't you," he purred against Steve's ear. "Like the thought of me, all muscle and hard lines, trussed up for you in slinky lingerie."
Steve broke the kiss with a soft peck of parting and stood away, and he went over to the bed and grabbed the box with his wingtips, taking the top off and frowning at what he found there.
"Yeah, I know that. But
Bruce gave him a knowing look, but he scowled and waved him off then turned his full attention to his daughter.
"It's not a secret club."
"Nah, Nat—" He stopped short at Tony's pointed look. "Yeah, I don't know which one of you plays favorites more: those two or you two."
This one was a little different from the other lackeys, smaller, thinner, and she grinned at Tony, now trapped in a darkened hallway on the 51st floor, and said in a weirdly familiar voice that he now realized had a hint of an accent, "You know, you were worth so much more to us when your Captain was still alive."
Steve shrugged and considered his glass, smacking his lips as he did so. "S'good. Any left?"
"She's hungry. Brucie says to wait a while before I feed her because of that sedative."
"The spell has taken," she said, elation evident in her voice as she clasped her hands together. Ignoring the others, she stepped up to Tony and crowed, her voice now sing-song, "I wasn't sure it would take so soon or so well!" She reached out and trailed her fingers over Tony's face, and Tony winced from the touch. "Oh, you're already glowing! Look at you!"
"I know this song."
"Daddy, up!" she said, more resolute and determined than any child her age had any right to be. He blinked and looked around the room, his eyes falling on a framed sketch on the wall opposite the crib. It was his own work; he'd recognize his hand anywhere; but the subject matter was… odd, to say the least. He saw himself in the sketch, all smiles, and he saw himself with arms enveloping two others in a tight embrace: one he recognized as this little girl in the crib and the other he knew to the be the odd man he'd left in the other room. The odd man in the sketch was smiling as well, what Steve would say was a soft, secret smile, the kind he reserved for certain people, nose scrunched and eyes crinkled. The little girl was cuddled against him, face slack with sleep and the contentment of safe arms around her. If he didn't know better, he'd say it was a family portrait.
The woman watched as he struggled to raise his hand to take aim, faltering at the last second, before she said, "Mmm...how so? We may not have the Captain, but we have his, uh,
" He pointed to the— the
He shook his head, and Steve made a face like he was embarrassed to say the words. "No, I don't, babe. What would you like to watch me do?"
about baseball teams.
"I mean it. What if she...would rather to go something like Julliard?"
Tony watched him depart for a second before he turned to Pepper and said, "Rude."
"Giant windfall from the government for leaving you in the iceberg for seventy years?"
" Pepper asked, snippy, and Tony could tell she still didn't believe him about Steve.
Still, like so many other things in the past several months, that choice had been taken away from him, too — the choice whether or not to go back to the way he'd been — even if he was pretty sure Thor knew
"I am not helping you make a pie," Barnes said and made to pull the apron off, but Tony caught him in time, and he snapped his fingers and glared at him then pointed to the fridge and said, "Eggs are in there, Jacques."
"Barely," Steve said with a scoff. "Bucky was barely in it, the Commandos were barely in it, Peggy wasn't in it at all—"
Steve stared at him, flat, like he knew exactly what Tony was doing, but he still closed his eyes and exhaled a breath through his nose then opened his eyes again and looked at Bruce.
"Yeah," Tony conceded, "but not who you think."
"Standing offer," he replied, and Tony turned slightly to face him better.
,” Stark stuttered, all the blood in his body clearly at the wrong head at the moment. Steve hummed a moment then said, “No, I’m going to fuck you, and you’re going to lay there like the needy little slut that you are and take it.”
He nodded. "I know she would have. She just couldn't afford it."
, and suddenly, they can't get out of here fast enough. What could
," over-top of him to try and get him to shut up, and finally, he did, blinking as he looked at Tony in equal parts worry and embarrassment.
Tony pulled the carton out of the fridge along with some butter. "Friday's on vacation."
"Yeah? Well, you got out of there in record time is what I'm saying, scatters of dirty dishes in your wake."
Bruce just went about setting up some apparatus for testing. "You don't have to pretend like you hate this entire thing."
"Yeah, so, anyway, I'm good. You don't have to be up here any longer if you don't want to be. I know you've got more important things to deal with."
"Didn't Bruce just feed you?"
even think of trying that in front of Barton or Barnes or Wilson. They will be
"Well, the wholesome family image, maybe. You're familiar with that, right? Fictional Captain America's World War II exploits were a lot more wholesome than your real-life exploits."
Tony gladly let her massage his tense and aching muscles, and he selfishly stood there for a good five or ten minutes, bracing himself against the back of the couch as he let her work out the knots, only the talking heads on TV making any noise. Even DUM-E was quiet as he sat to the side, almost like he was watching and waiting for Tony to give him a job to do.
Tony grabbed a pillow and thwacked Steve with it. "You're not even paying attention to me!"
He motioned over Tony like that explained what he hadn't said, but Tony just raised an eyebrow and said, "Now
"They will be, but here, it's too cold out for you to walk down the street in just that slip of a dress. Take my jacket."
So, they ate and they chatted and mingled with the crowd that Tony realized in a moment of reflection when Steve went to get him a glass of non-spiked punch was the best and truest group of friends he'd ever had in his life. In fact, except for Rhodey and then Pepper and Happy (even if they'd begun as paid assistants to him), he'd never really had
Sam continued to stare at him. "What?"
"Steve is a pain in the ass," he finally decided on, "and maybe a bit— He's bigger now, so you kind of gotta listen to him, but even before, he — he had this fucking outsized attitude for this little body, like a goddamned Chihuahua. And so fucking serious. Like he was… I don't know, I think he was a little tough to take if you didn't know him. I grew up with him. I knew him. He was a fucking shit. Driest sense of humor going. Could be kind of goofy or playful around the right person. Would give the shirt off his back for you."
"That's one way to put it," Barnes said with a snorted laugh.
"That's what you always say!"
Bucky nodded once again, his face a little twisted like he didn't buy Steve's explanation, and Sam nodded as well, a bit exaggeratedly then made a sort of encompassing motion with his hand and said, "You think—" then pointed to the kitchen where Tony was, "—or you think?"
He shook his head, "No, I mean it's, uh,
"And, what? Allow that asshole to climb back in, too? 'cause you know he'd insist. Steve, not the asshole. I think the asshole has more decency than that."
The assembled group went silent at that — either contemplating or looking for an excuse to run or trying to make sure their phones were recording everything, he couldn't tell — before one brave soul towards the back said, "So…are you like that forever now?"
It wasn't— It wasn't possible, right? Steve wasn't… Steve really was dead, wasn't he?
Steve wasn't too proud to kiss back.
He heard Steve take a sharp inhale of breath through his nose, but he said nothing beyond that. "Which apparently is a pretty open secret amongst Hydra. Also, he's not the only Winter Soldier." Steve let out the breath with a bit of a disgruntled grunt.
" he said, nearly coughing out the words. "She said that to a four-year-old?"
. I mean not there really. I kind of go numb after a while there. But it kind of... From what Brucie says, I guess it makes my uterus contract, and that kind of hurts a bit — you know, especially after all the abuse I've put it through lately. But I mean, no, it doesn't really hurt. It just... I just get weird side effects from it."
Tony exhaled a breath and dropped his head a moment, but he picked it right back up and met Steve's gaze again.
liked playing with makeup) and his dark hair pulled back in a twist achieved with Natasha's patient help (and hairspray — holy shit, hairspray!). Steve didn't hold it against him too much, clearly too taken by how adorable and gorgeous Tony had made himself if the adoring look was anything to go by, and evidently Steve hadn't run it past Bruce that Tony was going to be attending as well, as when they met him down in the garage not long after, the most Bruce could muster was a confused, "Uh?" as he looked at Steve but pointed at Tony.
to Steve?
"Tony, you're gorgeous."
Barton took one look at Steve then shot a very pointed look at Tony.
Tony nodded then motioned at Steve's drink. "That looks like Coke."
argument against it that Tony would end up grudgingly agreeing with.
Tony exhaled a heavy, sad breath. "Tell you the truth, Cap, until a week ago, I hadn't really given it any thought."
Still, maybe his Olivia — his
"What do you think's going to happen if you continue to go out in public?" Barton asked, making it sound as though Steve was being the idiot in this equation.
"Yeah, OK, you're not my best man anymore. Birdbrain, you're up."
But sleep didn't come, and he tossed from his side to his back to his side to his stomach to his back again, and the next thing he knew, three hours had passed and Steve still hadn't come to bed.
he thinks I don't like him?"
hadn't gone into labor and Steve, the bastard, was
"When?"
" he said and then pointed a thumb at himself.
He shrugged. "I don't know. Maybe Esmeralda will show up in the nick of time and say, 'OK, you've done what you needed to do,' and snap her fingers and poof! I'm back to normal."
"With who?" Steve asked, sidling up to the table, a glass of something clear and fizzy in one hand and dark and fizzy in the other. Evidently, he'd finished schmoozing dear, old Helen for the night.
"Not in your precious penthouse right now, sweetcheeks."
But Tony wouldn't look at him and just said, "Nope! Don't even try that coy, bashful, golly-gee-willikers shit on me! Might work for some people—"
"Whatever," he said with a roll of his eyes, but stupid, fucking emotion was beginning to well up from somewhere deep within once more. Maybe it wasn't
"Look," Tony said with a sigh, "I'm gonna level with you. The serum may have given you all
Steve's eyebrows went up in surprise. "The city?" he asked. "Isn't that—" he swallowed, "—kind of expensive?"
"I'm going with the food-thing," Natasha said and grabbed a plain bagel from the bag just as Steve had set it down on the island. He looked between Bruce and Natasha, shook his head, and then turned to Tony.
"Three-and-three-quarters. 'm g'nna be four in August." And she held up four proud fingers to show that she knew how to count at least that high.
"OK!" she said and bounded off the bed. Tony made to straighten the covers out, but he figured he'd get it when he came back to return the books and pencils — Cap wasn't due back for, what, a week? — and so he led Olivia back over to the elevator and hit the button for the penthouse floor.
"Tony?" he heard over the noise of the shower. "Oh, honey."
And he hadn't even been able to end it on his own terms.
"DUM-E still looks for him, you know."
"What's the internet?"
," he said.
Tony jerked back in slight surprise as the guy shoulder-checked him. Hard. He stumbled a bit but caught himself against the same damned wall that had almost been his undoing, and he rubbed his shoulder where it throbbed from being hit and said, "Well, that was uncalled for."
Barnes wasn't making eye contact, instead looking down like he was trying to process, trying to think.
Steve just nodded his head toward the doors and said, "Oh, Tony and I going to be late. Nice talking with you," then expertly led Tony away from the reporter and over to the entrance, the various paparazzi shouting demands and questions at them.
"Why? It's not like you did when you...knocked him up."
under their control.
been soul mates."
But Tony had been the one to do it all from the moment, well, honestly the moment she'd even been conceived. He'd done the gestating, the birthing, the feeding. Sure, Steve got up with her during the night, but that was only because he was a light sleeper, and he was up before Tony could even begin to wake up.
"Huh?" he asked, bottle poised to feed it to Olivia. He looked at Tony and blinked, and Tony shrugged.
"Uh, you're talking about sex, right?"
He huffed and said, "I need you to hold my dress while I pee."
"Could you not sit there looking so murder-y?" he asked and wheeled over, various implements in hand. "Giving me the heebie-jeebies."
"They forgot we were in the room again, didn't they?" he heard Barton mutter from somewhere in the periphery.
"James," Natasha said, quietly and almost like she was pleading with him.
Tony just frowned innocently at him. "What? Were you
"Guess we don't have a choice, huh?"
He frowned at Tony's tone of voice and sat up to look at him. It was as though he was seeing Tony fully for the first time — the hair, the eyes, the neatly-groomed facial hair, the general swagger, and the brainpower so far above anything Steve could or would ever understand.
Steve still looked less-than-pleased by this characterization, so Tony reached out and pecked a kiss against his lips.
But Steve just swallowed once more and shrugged. "Wouldn't be the first time it happened to me. But now, I… There's just so much more to it now that I don't know if I could…"
"I didn't
"So, yeah, how were they able to get in?"
Natasha just stared at him point-blank. "We talk about periods."
"And what might the other part or parts be?"
while the clerk said, his tone verging on astonished, "Minimal damage? Well, if I had access to Tony Stark's billions, I guess I'd consider that 'minimal damage,' too."
— stop Steve from going into that building. He'd stop him from making him a widower. Widow? A 'widower' was a man, but a 'widow' was a woman, and really, since he wasn't sure how exactly he identified anymore…
Tony slapped the comb down on the dresser and turned to glare at Steve, but there was no heat behind the glare. The twist to his lips and the glimmer in his brown eyes said he was more amused by it than annoyed.
So, the radio silence from the others was jarring at the least. Still, it was also nice because
She just smiled a little at him, the brush twitching some in her hand, before she went back to applying the makeup to his face. Somehow, Tony had a feeling she'd seen the text about the name, and somehow, he had a feeling she had chosen to read tribute into it.
know what they were missing just being able to stand and take a leak and go on their business. No, there was squatting and wiping and getting back up and flushing the toilet and— ugh, it was just so, so
Tony did choke this time — on air.
"To offer you that which she believes you, as bondeds, desire most."
Esmeralda hummed in thought then said, "Well, if he asked to remain, I would have let him, of course. But he wishes to be changed back to his former form, and he
"Uh, security breach."
"You can't. You're worse than Bucky when you go on one of your tirades. You're what we like to call a 'hypocrite.'"
When they both shrugged their response, Hill picked up her glass of whatever spirited beverage she'd gotten and said, "You
He took a sip through the tiny straw, and he pulled back and smacked his lips at the soothing taste of cola.
," he read, the words sounding unsure on his tongue.
Steve just stared at him.
"You." She nodded at the baby in his arms. "And her. Think they were a little disappointed when 'he' turned out to be a 'she.'"
— go out like I had been."
Tony, lying on his side, just continued to laugh as he reached over and pulled the baby to his breast. "Suck it up, Rogers," he said as the baby began to nurse from him. "Don't be such a baby. Little pain never hurt anyone."
Bruce hesitated but led Tony off onto the floor. "I really don't know how the Other Guy would take that, Tony."
, Jim!"
Steve shrugged a little and turned his attention back to the screen. "So," he said and exhaled a breath, "she's the same Olivia then."
"Do you want me—"
to say it like that?"
"Honey, I'm pretty sure you're a unique case. And did you just…call yourself a…woman?"
"Eh," Tony said with a shrug as he tweaked a few more connections, DUM-E still patiently holding the magnifying glass for him. "At heart, I'm a mechanic that was born into the right family. Just the luck of the draw, really."
Barnes nodded. "Hey, I remember back during the war, those suckers would practically vaporize you. I mean, what, we're supposed to bring your foot back to your poor mother? In an old shoebox?"
"But I thought you like being able to zoom around in the armor?"
on me, but, you know, I just haven't been feeling it for a while now. I don't know if it's the nausea or the exhaustion or what it is, but I honestly don't remember the last time I was horny—"
"I can still see it out of the corner of my eye, damn it! Stop it! Wipe it off your face!"
that could, you know, lock the doors on them until they changed into something decent?"
She nodded. "You want a boy."
lifetimes of 'doing your part,' never mind one. Besides, you're a thousand. It's high time for you to sit back and rest on your laurels and let us young whippersnappers save the world in your stead."
"I saw you run down the steps before."
"And I spoil you? I mean, I take it that's what Wilson was saying before."
"Well, when you're hungry, every second counts."
"Yeah… You didn't drive here?"
Bucky grinned and reached out to take her hand. "Yeah, last he saw of you I think was during your misguided emo-goth-chick phase," he said as he played with her fingers.
"Like Coke."
He grabbed a glass from a cabinet and poured out half the mixture into it. Rhodey hadn't moved from the table, and he could hear the joyful shrieks of a child playing with her robot buddy and one of her 'Uncles,' but he ignored them all and poured half the drink down his throat.
"Yeah, but how do you prevent any feelings from developing?"
"Nah," Steve said and brushed his lips against Tony's temple. "You're much prettier."
, that miserable old bastard."
"Ah," Bucky said with a somewhat confused nod while Sam shook his head a little and said, "Man, that is a lot of pressure to put on a kid."
Steve reached up a little and pecked a few more kisses against Tony's lips, and Tony responded in kind before Steve said, "I don't know how to explain it, really. It's just…I got to make love to you as a man, and now I get to make love to you as a woman, and I… It's like I get to have you in every which way imaginable — physically, anyway — but it's still
He glanced down at himself to take stock of the most prominent parts of himself that would be with him for the rest of his life before Steve tugged on his arm a little and led him off the elevator and into the hallway. He glanced at the doors surrounding them to get his bearings then led Tony down the hall and stopped in front of the requisite door. He slid the card in to unlock the door then pushed it open to reveal the vestibule of the small suite, the lights already burning.
"So, never?" Steve supplied, and Thor smiled at him in understanding before he turned back to Tony.
"Aren't we supposed to be in hiding?"
it. I don't know what that says about me. Maybe I don't want to know. But I'm enjoying the hell out of this. I know men joke about getting in touch with their feminine side, but I have to say, it's fantastic. Seriously. I know there's a lot of shitty things women go through that I don't really have to worry about — sexism, glass ceiling, that sort of stuff — but the other stuff? Makeup is
"—you really into that sort of thing, Stevie?" Barnes asked and made a face at Steve like he wasn't sure what to think of him any longer.
"Steve, don't even start with—"
"Yep," Tony said and pulled the phone away from Steve's line of sight.
"Meat market, Stark," Natasha said. "Don't know who to trust here."
"What are you doing on this side of the country, anyway?" he asked as the elevator let them off at the lab, and he walked in, the lights coming up around him as they stepped into the enclave.
Tony merely smiled back, soft and knowing. "You're not wrong," he murmured, pure love and affection in his voice before he sobered and added, "But boring? Steve Rogers? That smart- mouthed punk that's never followed an order in his life? The man that charges headlong into battle, has jumped out of airplanes, off of buildings, into the jaws of death, and pulled so many other crazy stunts that he's taken years off my life? That guy? Sometimes I wish that guy was a bit more boring. My nervous system could use the break."
Tony looked to the doctor. "OK, I want you to bear witness to this. This, right here? This is what I put up with all day, every day. I don't want you leaving here under the assumption that this guy is as wholesome as apple pie. No, he's a jerk. He's a sarcastic pain in the ass. He is the very definition of a troll."
"No there's not. I heard about how much you whined when we got married and they wouldn't let us see each other until the ceremony."
them on me."
"But I just… I mean, there's nothing
"Tony, I find women attractive in
"Tony, it's fine. We can… We can clean it. It's fine."
"It's not that much of a struggle," Pepper said, but her tone was amused.
He stared at him a few more moments, and as Natasha exited the garage and pulled the car onto the street, he figured it wasn't worth arguing the matter and simply said , "Well, I suppose one of us had to wear the white dress, and Steve's just too fucking pale to wear white and get away with it."
Steve broke the kiss just as Bruce and Natasha hummed their agreement. He brushed the tip of his nose against Tony's, and Rhodey said, "Yeah, I wouldn't put money on that if I were you."
"Tony, it— It wasn't him."
"I'm not that old and set in my ways."
awful. He wasn't in pain — not
"Not like that, anyway. Feels like… Feels like I'm not doing anything. Like I'm wasting time or I'm being useless or something."
Olivia looked up from where she sat literally under the tree pulling at ribbons, and when her gaze set on the small bite of food Tony was offering her, she clambered out from underneath and toddled on over. Steve watched, slightly bemused, as she went over to the table and, instead of taking the piece of sandwich, picked up Tony's bagel and tried to take a bite.
," he said with a laugh, almost like something had suddenly clicked for him — like maybe this finally made it
He glanced up to the ceiling as JARVIS said, "
"Uh, what do you mean?"
"They're really not," Steve said and went back to the magazine. "You shoulda seen what we had back in my—"
lose my mind. This is what I want, Steve. I want to go back to what I was. I want... I want my dick back."
Tony shrugged. Bucky had saved him, too, but Steve didn't need to know about that. "It's nothing."
"Yeah, I'm gonna say 'no' to that one and blame all the hormones raging in my system at the time for clouding my judgment."
"I thought Bruce didn't
. Jesus Christ, I swear, you do it on purpose. Make like a choirboy in public so when I try to educate people on the sex-obsessed, dirty old man that you are, no one believes me."
"Oh, yeah, Brooklyn is so much cooler. You know it's filled with douchey white-boys wearing fedoras and beards and drinkin' ten-dollar lattes, now, right?"
. It's so, so worth it.
"I don't know!" he cried. "I don't know any more than you do. I just…I want you to be happy, Tony."
He moaned out a startled groan as Steve pushed inside of him, filling him, stretching him, rocking into him in slow, measured thrusts, and he tipped his head back and bared his neck, and Steve pressed his mouth to the hollow of Tony's throat and sucked ever so lightly at it.
"I can't open it."
Tony just smiled and shook his head, and he turned so his mouth was by Steve's ear, and he murmured, "No one's going to believe it."
"JARVIS knows a lot more than you give him credit for."
inappropriate inches above the knee. They were very good-looking women, and dressed and styled and posed as they were, they
Tony went a little rigid at the mention of Bruce but didn't do anything otherwise.
"Because it doesn't
Tony shook his head, marveling at the romantic, old-fashioned sap he'd gotten himself mixed up with, and said, "You can take the boy out of the '40s, huh?"
She pouted a little. "I thought you said I could have soda?"
"You shouldn't."
"—that sounds like one of those bad words that you don't want me to use—"
"It's Captain America's kid."
Barnes, to his credit, seemed as uncomfortable with the whole endeavor as Tony was, and Tony scratched the back of his head then motioned to the chair he'd set up beside the worktable.
'mport'nt."
But Darcy just smiled at him, and she blinked slowly and scrunched her nose a little and said, "How much is this secret worth to you?"
"We, ah," he said, "got word from the others."
, uh…?"
"What?" he asked and bent down to check under the bed, joints cracking painfully. "Fuck," he muttered under his breath. Again, just shy of forty-two. He wasn't
Tony rolled his eyes as Rhodey's phone began to dial Pepper, and Rhodey, rather than handing the phone over, held it up to Tony's ear so that he could ear.
"Tony, push."
"You didn't say anything close to that, and, uh, who told you that?"
He didn't know where the 'baby girl' had come from, but it felt right, and it he was certain it
"All the more reason for you not to be an ass and show me what you're drawing. It better not be naked pinups of Thor."
Once it happened, he couldn't stop thinking about it or trying to feel it.
She shrugged. "OK," she said and bounced in the chair.
"Hmm? Nothing. Something for Steve."
Steve nodded, and Tony shot him a pointed look and added, "I mean, it was a little weird having your one-armed friend there instead of you—"
"You're doing such a good job, Tony," she murmured and pressed a gentle kiss to his cheek.
The oven timer went off, and Tony grumbled and pulled open the door and reached in to grab the sheet, smacking it on top of the stove before he closed the oven door.
it. I just don't want to hear about it."
"More than I ever wanted to know about what goes on behind the bedroom door of our esteemed leaders," Barton muttered while Romanoff nodded her agreement.
"Whoa! Who says I
"But I mean you haven't yet in that body. Have you?"
His eyes still on the road, he pulled one hand from a leather-wrapped steering wheel and pulled at a strap going across his chest. "Your seat belt. It's on the side between the seat and the door. Like strapping yourself into a harness except you're strapping yourself into a car. Safety first."
"Yeah," he said as he went over to her, and he bent down and brushed his lips over the top of her relatively bald head, fine wisps of light-colored hair being about the only thing there. "Papa grumbles a lot, doesn't he?" he cooed at her, and she gurgled happily and waved her arms up and down, smacking her small fists on the tray for the highchair.
Tony propped his leg up on Steve's thigh and pulled his pant leg up. "I take it I should shave, too?" he said, revealing a leg that had clearly not seen a razor in months.
If he had known, at the very least, he would have said 'goodbye.'
he looked good, and he
before.
Tony just blinked and looked up at the ceiling. "Seriously?"
"You had hit on him," Steve stated but didn't stop rubbing circles with his thumb.
"Tony. Tony, oh my god. Stop- that fucking
"Are we sure about--" began Steve, but cameras were already clicking.
No.  He couldn't mate him.  Mating him would kill him.  Orders were to take him alive.
For dinner they had a turkey and stuffing and the whole she-bang. Aria and Mackenzie had cooked it and appeared to be getting rather chummy. Maybe it was the Christmas spirit; maybe it was something else.
So Steve told her, mostly, without giving away Clint's secret wife and kids side of things. Brennan stayed for about an hour. Soon her visits would become less frequent and Steve honestly couldn't wait. It was nothing he had against
"I don't know," Aria said. She sounded tense, stressed, almost afraid. Which Aria never was. Yes, she got stressed. But she was never scared. She was currently pacing around her kitchen, cigarette held in one hand and phone in the other. "Natasha, one of Steve's SHIELD buddies, texted me. She told me that she'd been keeping tabs on Steve without letting SHIELD know, but that he'd... that he'd disappeared."
"At the JDEM Facility guarding the Tesseract," confirmed Tony, fishing for a slice of cucumber floating around in his drink.
"Oh my God, Steve doesn't want to talk about that stuff right now!" scolded Taylor, giving her a friendly slap on the arm.
they can't physically stop you. They have guards, yes, but they can't hurt you. And if they do, we'll sue. But you have to do this together, or not at all. Omegas have to support each other. You won't be nearly as vulnerable as a team. All the omegas here, they oppress each other. You've got to better than them. Or else twenty more of you will just turn up next year and the same thing will happen again and nothing will ever change or ever get better."
are the reason omegas are still being vulnerable. How can we stand up for ourselves if people won't even listen?"
He wasn't dead. He wasn't dead. He was here with Tony. It was okay.
Steve frowned at the tablet and picked it up.  He stared down at the coffee like it had betrayed him and played out an internal battle that lasted for about five seconds.
"...do I just... just see myself out, or what?" asked Tony, pointing toward the door.
"I love you too," Steve told him and leaned forward to peck his lips before he moved around to do up the other's seat belt and then his own. He started the car up and made to take them out of the car park. He was getting used to the McLaren now; he quite liked her. He quite liked driving in general, but nothing would beat the free feeling of a bike.
"Good," he whispered softly.
"You're early," he commented, watching a sharp raw of sunlight burst out from behind a cloud.
"That's okay," said Morgan, reaching for him.  "We can just cuddle."
"Captain, it's really just speculation... they don't really know..."
"I bet that's where Eric got Piper," said Tony quietly, squeezing Steve's hand, feeling sick.  "...that school."
"...AVICII, THEN!"
"How long is the drive?" Steve asked. "I want you to tell me where we're going." His head throbbed and his hand rushed out to grip the car door, fingers curling around an edge to steady himself. "Shit. I want you to-- fuck --tell me the road n-names."
"Starks are stubborn men," Peggy said softly. "He'll come around in the end."
"He's in custody," conceded Fury, folding his hands.  "...but you didn't know he was a mole when you detained him."
"Smoke."
Natasha stepped forward. "That's hardly necessary."
The soldier watched in horror as he nearly fell; Karpov had been very clear about taking him alive.  But he managed to grab the edge of the building and after a brief, dangerous claw, he was dragging himself up.
Tony woke up with a dull ache behind the eyes.  Steve was still asleep, which was unusual.
While Steve's day was productive, Tony spent his lazing around in the bedroom.  He only dragged himself downstairs as the sun was setting. He looked anything but healthy.
"Open," commanded Phil, holding a long cotton swab in front of Steve's mouth.
"Two, maybe three.  You know you're an amazing ventriloquist?"
Natasha stood outside the one-way glass, watching him squirm. Her arms were crossed against her chest. "You sure you wanna go in there?" She murmured to Tony. "We're trained in negotiation."
She swore; the soldier grabbed the blond, trying to get him to go down long enough for him to kill the man with one eye, but the other blonde that was trying to shoot him.  Oh, God, he'd made a mess of things.  Glass and bullet holes were everyone, and two of the other agents were dead and one was lying motionless and drooling.  He would get punished for this.  His only hope was to at least complete his objective, even if he made a sloppy job of it.  The blond pinned to the counter was so strong; he was damn near impossible to subdue and admittedly, the Winter Soldier was becoming frustrated.  Kidnapping wasn't supposed to be
Tony watched Steve blush and felt a surge of affection for him.  He wanted to gather Steve into his arms and cuddle him, protect him, shelter him.
"No, no, Happy's got it," Pepper reassured him.  "I'm going to go talk to Tony... about the party.  Is Aria upstairs or out back? ...oh, hi, Agent Sitwell."
"I thought you'd cut back," said Bethany accusingly.
"Trickshot."
"Not a problem," she said.  "Let me go get you food, okay?  JARVIS, can you check up on the boys?"
He studied Steve's face.  Steve was avoiding his gaze but it wasn't a submissive posture.  It was... something else.  Tony's words of comfort didn't seem to be having any effect at all and Tony couldn't understand what the problem was.
Steve stood back up as the medics carefully lead the omegas away. He pulled out his phone and sighed when he saw it was dead. "Goddammit," he muttered softly and turned to Tony. "Can I borrow your--"
"...slightly more than me," she'd said, and Tony could have sworn he saw a glimpse of sympathy in her eyes.
"Do you feel guilty?" he asked.
And Steve was glad to be in it.
"Not strictly speaking, no.  Betas and omegas are welcome to attend, but it's mostly geared toward Alphas."
The memory of Bucky falling from the train became distant, regulated to the backwaters of his subconscious, coming up only late at night, in dreams.
Besides, Steve hardly had the upper hand.  He was covered in ejaculate and had a nine-inch dildo shoved up his ass.
feel bad about it (Steve could literally
Steve's heat hit earlier than expected, at the beginning of December. He'd gone to yoga with Aria and then headed out to the shops to grab a few things. Despite not needing to, Steve still liked the simple act of shopping and picking out his own groceries. He was determined to not let a computer do
"It's perfectly visible!"
"Hey, Jeanette, do you think my hat's adorable?" he called across the room.
"If they run away, you just have open doors… then it's not kidnapping," Steve pointed out.
They plopped him down by the fire and began wiping his face off, and someone handed him a pipe.  He took a long drag and coughed.  It wasn't tobacco.
Pepper and Aria were sitting at the counter sipping wine.  He nodded to them both. "Hey, Virginia. I was hoping to catch you, actually."
Donner tensed and his back arched; he cringed and let out a muffled cry.  "Y-yes... I--- I want that, please, it hurts..."
"Huh?" said Tony.
"Sixteen.  If none of them are to your liking, of course, we have plenty more.  You know--" She turned her gaze to Steve. "--we supplied the Dora Milaje with all of their jewelry?  That's the private Wakandan bodyguard. And we were also contracted for some of Kate Middleton's jewelry for the wedding in April.  Are you two following the royal wedding?"
"He's fine.  He's retiring.  Come, get in and you'll be allowed to say good-bye."
Alexis offered Tony the fancy napkin thing from his shirt pocket for his nose. "I get them free all the time," he assured him.
of you, for dinner at the White House."
"Director, we've been getting in some reports from project Winter--"
," Steve said, looking down to find a text from Phil too.
"Mmmm... good..." murmured Tony against him, letting his lips brush over Steve's skin when he spoke.  "Good boy... so tasty... so well-behaved..." He pressed his tongue against Steve and dragged it up firmly.  Steve shook.
"Uh, we're enjoying each other's company?  Because we're mates?" ventured Tony, fingers still buried behind the waistband of Steve's briefs.  He looked up. "You okay, Stevie?"
Admittedly, Tony was about as inexperienced as Steve in this department.  He wasn't used to pleasuring men, or omegas.  Steve's body was new terrain, unexplored, but Steve was responding positively, so Tony kept stroking him, his fingers examining Steve slowly; he was familiarizing himself with his omega's body.  He rolled his thumb over Steve's head, brushing over the foreskin (so weird-- but of course he wasn't circumcised, having been born in 1918-- but fun, different; Tony liked it).
"I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, Steve," said Tony, too loudly.  "I wanted to go to you but I had to take him out I thought- I thought that's what you would want. I'm sorry, oh, fuck, your hand-"  Steve's hand was bleeding; it was bleeding all over Tony's cheek.  Tony couldn't handle this, seeing his omega's bright crimson blood, smelling its warm, coppery scent; he was moments away from a full-blown panic attack.  They were supposed to be honeymooning and instead he'd nearly gotten his omega killed.  He was a terrible Alpha, a terrible mate, a terrible human being.  He'd dragged Steve here, it was his fault, and Vanko--
"Let's see here," said Tony, cracking his knuckles and feeling very much like the captain of a spaceship.  He reached forward and began scrolling. Everything that could be made into a touchscreen was, because Tony was a tactile person and he found interacting with information was the best way to absorb it.  "Oh, look, they're live!"
like Ashtray's!  I was just nervous, that's all."
Tony let Steve lead him into the bathroom; he hopped up on the marble counter and sat there, swinging his legs, watching Steve adjust the shower temperature.  Tony's shower was all stone and large enough to double as a sauna; there were jets in both the walls and the ceiling, and a long bench of redwood running along one wall.  Sometimes, when he was in a foul mood, Tony would hole himself up for hours at a time. As far as temperature adjustment, it was all digital and could be voice-activated, but Steve seemed to enjoy the ritual of doing it manually.
Steve was pleasantly surprised by Tony's outburst of laughter but he didn't quite know how to react to it.
"Yeah, you're gonna give Fury an ulcer," said Sam idly.
here, with a bunch of government shills?"
"Tony.  You know you're bonded and that's a very big commitment?"
His eyes widened when pieces of the suit began shooting across the room at Tony at an alarming rate. "Tony! You already have concussion; you didn't need to give it to yourself again! Oh my God..." Steve was at his side at instant, shield forgotten on the floor. He moved to help Tony sit up then inspected the back of his head with a frown. There would be a nasty bruise there later.
"You know what
Floating.  Bonded.
It had been less than a month since Yemen and he was once again on the lam.  Currently, the only ones aware of the situation were Tony, Aria, Pepper, Tony's six bodyguards, Natasha, and Clint.  And, of course, probably everyone in SHIELD. The moment the tracker had gone dead, they'd probably mobilized.
Tony spotted Clint and Natasha on the dance floor and felt a surge of jealousy. How come
Tony's skin was crawling as she touched him.
Phil shook his head.
"Well, unless you can invent a time machine in two weeks--"
He was not performing well, he understood this.  The blond was within an arm's reach of him and yet he did know know what to do.
Tony gave him a sideways glance.  Steve looked happy but strangely nostalgic as the host led them to a table; Tony wasn't sure why.  Sometimes Steve acted like normal things, such as a waiter being polite to him, actually
Steve was trying hard not to laugh again. Initially, he'd been embarrassed that Malick had seen him
They bundled into the car. Steve grabbed a carton of fruit smoothies from the fridge to drink on the way. Happy put the radio on for them before they set off. Steve was oddly nervous. They wouldn't refuse them, would they? The ankle brackets were stupid... Steve had already proven they were very easy to break.
"Well, Stark Industries has actually never made nuclear missiles, but if I ever enter a nuclear-powered car into the Prix, I'll make sure you're the first to know," said Tony, grinning and throwing up another peace sign for another camera.
"If you don't mind my asking..." said Laura as they tromped up the stairs.  "...I'm a beta, so I don't really... completely understand the dynamics. If you two were
Tony was feeling completely wrung out and considering he'd just had two glasses of scotch and a large piece of cake, also a little ill.  He staggered upstairs (Steve could handle Banksy and Donner, he figured) and flopped into his own bed with a groan of appreciation for the cool, soft, luxurious sheets.
terms.  From what I've seen so far, Fury has some pretty serious control issues."
One of the other Alphas, the second most dominant, nodded.  "Two years ago, I got into a big fight with my omega and he stormed out of the house.  He got attacked and force-bonded and... and his body chose the other Alpha. It took me a long time to stop blaming myself.  I felt like I made that happen to him, because I'm the one who pushed him to leave in the middle of the night like that, in a bad neighborhood... and then I felt like Rudy's mark getting altered was just further proof that I was a bad Alpha.  But I know that's just instinct. What happened, happened. Couples fight, people go for walks to calm down... it wasn't my or Rudy's fault."
It felt like the longer they left it, the harder it was going to be (pun not intended). But Steve wouldn't sleep with Tony drunk, and there probably wouldn't be a single night this week when he
"What about the Winter Soldier?" Sam asked.
Even the fireworks sounded far away, and the party was barely there, a thrum of music echoing at the back of Steve's mind. The soft sound of gentle waves stole his attention, that and the pale glow of the mood across the water's surface and the sand. Steve was excited. He was beyond that. He looked elated when he turned to kiss Tony's forehead. "Pretty neat," he agreed in a hum and tugged on Tony's hand, bringing them closer to the waves.
"I'm in hell.  This is hell," said Tony, staring up at the rocky ceiling.
"Whoa.  Hold up.  I'm not bonding--"
On the set, Banksy and Bowell were talking; Banksy had just finished saying, "...World War II veteran, civil rights leader, and the world's only genetically enhanced super-soldier, Captain America!"
he intended to clean him, before going back down.  Steve was literally dripping, and every time Tony pushed his tongue against Steve's opening, Steve's body shuddered and Steve babbled some cute little pleas in that harsh Brooklyn accent, and Tony was rubbing himself against the sheets, eager to put it into him, to let Steve's spent body milk the knot and drink his seed and get used by him all over again.
a dumb blond."  (Tony considered pretty much everyone dumb, regardless of hair color.)
Tony took a deep breath and hit the jets, hard, kicking off from the radio tower and back into the air.  Almost immediately, his display began flashing warnings at him, and he jerked to the side to avoid getting shot.
Steve watched Tony's face intently. His gut twisted. He stepped forward but then hesitated before he stayed where he was. He swallowed and wrung his hands together awkwardly again. "You don't believe me, do you? Jesus, Tony.  I
for him. He was already a little hyper from the morning and realized the tingle down his spine was probably a telling one. But Steve would only be going into preheat; in his mind, he was going to be fine.
"What did you say?  Reassignment?" repeated Tony.
It was funny how Steve was such a paradox.  So stubborn and strong, physically intimidating; taller and more muscular than Tony, his voice commanding, full of leadership.  And yet, occasionally, Tony had glimpsed hints of Steve's past.  Steve's generation had expected different behavior from omegas; Tony noticed how Steve had practically gone limp when Tony kissed him.  He could have shoved Tony off, easily.  Could have kicked his ass.  But he'd let himself be shoved against the desk and let Tony lead, and responded automatically, almost submissively.
"Sorry, do you mean you--
Boswell was more or less right about Tom and Steve; they'd holed up in Banksy's dressing room for the time being.
After a thorough shower they got Donner to dress in a typical omega-style outfit; it was blue to match his eyes and just had a waistcoat instead of a jacket. He looked good in it, but when Donner looked in the mirror he felt nothing. Tom fussed over his hair whilst Chantelle talked with someone over the phone.
Tony was wishing he still smoked so he had something to be doing out here when he was hit with a sudden realization.
Tony burst into giggles at the sight of Steve's box.  "Oh my God. This is so cute." He picked up a large silicon penis and wiggled it at Steve.  "...they're all knotted," he observed with a small smirk. "You wanted Alpha cock." He examined the dildo in his hand.  It had to be about eight and a half or nine inches. "...dear Lord. This thing is ridiculous." He looked at the other dildo in the box.  It was even bigger, girth-wise. "Are you insane, Steve? ...you're gonna give me a complex. Bend over," he added, still holding the one he had been earlier.  "I want to see you take this whole thing. I want to knot you with it and then jack you off." He laughed, running a hand over Steve's thigh.
?" asked George, tone still light.
Probably.
Tony realized he was a fuckton drunker than he'd originally thought.  He literally didn't remember that conversation at all. "...I think I need to go to bed now," he whispered to Steve.  Or at least, he tried to whisper it. He actually just said it in a normal tone.
"I don't like being handed--" began Tony, but she shoved the envelopes at him and he grabbed them automatically.
Tony stared out the window with a clear expression of concern.  Steve had been correct in assuming that the conference was at a hotel, though it could have just as easily been called a resort, because of its size and obvious amenities.  In the last year that Steve and Tony had spent together, Steve hadn't been in anything less than five stars.
"Last question," said Laura, who could sense when Cooper was gearing up a full-scale interview.
"So you're... second cousins three times removed?" asked Rhodey, trying to figure it out.
today."
A pause.
The omega hesitated.
"Oh, you have no idea," Steve breathed, shaking his head. He couldn't count how many times he'd nearly tripped down the stairs because of them and he was hardly a clumsy person.
Eventually he stilled, his body satisfied.  For now. Steve slumped down against the sofa. "Mmph. It doesn't work as well like this," he mumbled and rolled them over so Tony was on top of him and he was in the blankets. Because Steve was taller it was uncomfortable for him to slot against Tony easily when the alpha was inside of him too.
"I CAN GET PITBULL," yelled back Pepper.
Tony carried on contentedly for a while, until he had the uncomfortable feeling that he was being watched.
No.  Wait.  That was
Steve looked up angrily. "What the hell do
"I mean, how are
"я готов выполнить," said the soldier, blinking.  He looked around, as if not sure where he was. "...полковник Карпов?" he called, tentatively, like a child searching a crowd for its mother.  "...сэр? ...сэр?" He pressed against the glass, searching for Karpov, clearly a little lost.
"I mean...I kind of had trouble connecting with everyone," Steve said. "But Tony's been very patient with me. Especially with twitter, it took me a while to really grasp that. I remember waking up one morning to be told that Taylor Swift had tweeted at me? I wasn't sure if I was supposed to be offended or not..."
The other issue was getting the plates to interlock correctly.  The larger plates, such as the seams on the torso, were easy. But the tinier ones, like on the gauntlets, were damned near impossible, especially since they were trying to interlock while moving through the air or across the floor.  And on top of that, Tony didn't want to get pinched. He was fairly committed to being Iron Man, but not enough that he was willing to have his dick accidentally clamped.
"I've emptied prisoner of war camps before. I know the drill," Steve assured her. Kerry looked a little alarmed at the comparison, even if it wasn't wholly unfounded. He was practically vibrating with excitement. Steve couldn't wait. He got a bit sad whenever he thought about Wanda and Pietro (and Bucky) but he'd managed to persuade Phil to give him an update.  Bucky had fallen asleep again on the last day of Steve's heat, and his cryostatus had stabilized.  Small mercies.
"Stark.  What did you see?" demanded Fury.
The forced casualness of Tony's tone and the seeming randomness of his thought pattern was something Steve was coming to identify as Tony's way of coping with things he didn't want to cope with.  Tony lighted on sensitive subjects and then flitted away before they could drag him down.  He was someone who skimmed the surface of darkness without ever truly acknowledging it; the line between seriousness and sarcasm blurred so heavily with him that it allowed him to deny anything bothered him if necessary, and it was clearly a powerful defense mechanism.
"They
"Yeah, you like totally disappeared after Mindy and Comet's Big Day Out... what the hell?"
"Talking to my patient like that will not help his recovery," she clipped.
"You aren't scared of her."
Two rooftops away, the girl was standing on the edge, her hair billowing around her, and the asset felt his blood run cold because even from here, he could feel the heat of her fury.  She'd seen the knife, seen the blood.
It had never occurred to him that documents he'd signed back in the forties would still have any bearing in the 21st century.
He reached out and set a hand on Steve's shoulder.  "Love you," he said.
"...nothing," said Tiberius, cocking his head.  "What the hell's going on?"
"He was asking to mate me, Nat. I think he had some pretty clear goals in mind. But he's fought Fury before, shot at him-- it's not all that surprising that he automatically went to attack him," Steve said quietly. "And I didn't-- Jesus Christ, I wouldn't sleep with someone who doesn't even know what year it is. I also don't want to be a cheater."
He wanted to mention the letter but he wasn't sure Tony could handle it right now. Especially after asking Steve if he was going to leave him. "I know
Pepper reached over and hugged him.  Tony stiffened, but after a moment, he hugged her back with a weary sigh.
"Yours," Steve whispered and shivered a little as Tony's fingers traced over the scar. He stepped closer, neither of them noticing that the Honda was very much gone by now.
"Green V-neck," said Tony.  "How come there's make-up on your neck?  Is
And Steve's hand.
And why?
"Please don't tell me you're calling the suit that."
, he thought.
"I want to feel him.  I want him to feel me.  I want him to know I love him and I miss him and I'll protect him.  I'm a good Alpha."
"So.  Who's my next assignment?" asked Steve, turning to Fury.
. But this felt different. This was a strange and new world that Steve didn't fully understand yet. He watched Happy disappear into the Chinese takeaway and then looked sideways over at Tony.
Everyone shrugged.
"Sean introduced us," said Eric.  He pointed. "There's Sean over there.  See that collar on his omega? I made that."
"Oopsie," said Pepper simply.
"...I think you're lying," said Tony suddenly, smirking at Steve.  "I don't believe that at all.  I don't believe things unless I have evidence.  I'm a
Malick ignored him.  "And don't tell me you're not making this about status.  Your little speech was all about omegas and equality. Here's the reality, Stevie: omegas aren't equal.  And it's a damned shame to tell them that because once you put ideas in their heads, they spend the rest of their lives trying to achieve things they can't and they're unhappy.  You know how you get a happy omega? You break them in young, make sure they know their place, and then treat them as nature intended."
"...I'm pregnant?"
"You know it," Sam told him with a wink before heading upstairs. That man's confidence would never cease to amaze Steve. Not that Sam shouldn't be confident, but his casual attitude about being an acer around a superior officer was something else.
"I never really drove cars all that much. It was either my bike or a tank or a rover," Steve admitted a little sheepishly. He grabbed a jacket as Tony busied himself with a wipe, getting the gel off of his fingertips. Steve slid it over his shoulders. It fit just right. How did JARVIS even....?
Tony let out a weak noise but Happy was already closing the door behind him.  He turned to Steve to ask his opinion, but the words died on his lips because Steve was kicked off his socks and leaning back, belt already off, and Tony's mouth was watering.
?  He
Their fingertips, brushing.  And then, weightlessness.
He'd barely finished throwing their crap into the luggage before his phone pinged.  He checked it.
the one who coded you."  Tony examined the sketch Steve held out to him, reaching to to brush the page softly with his fingertips.  He knew how much Steve treasured his art.
"I haven't!" cried Steve, who was beet red.
"I've upset Tony. It's like there's a wall up. He keeps saying it's okay but I don't know how to make it okay and it's killing me.  He's keeping the bond distanced.  Not like how he did in January but... distant from how it normally is."
The sedatives must have taken away Steve's agility, because he barely tapped him.  His blue eyes were wide and unfocused and afraid as he looked up at the other omega.
"To be fair, Rogers is technically still in his twenties," said Pepper.
in hell.
"Rogers." Fury's voice was smooth like coffee. The man's gaze flickered over Steve slowly, calculating. Like he just knew Steve was keeping Tony back there. He dropped the special copy of the
George leaned forward, putting on the same imperious, formal voice.  "
Natasha turned around in her seat to finally face them. Her hair was done up in a tight bun and she was dressed in all black. She'd had a serious day, Steve figured.  "Well," she breathed. "The machine is ready when you are. I won't be
Louis laughed awkwardly. "It's quite alright. We've done this a few times now with a few different omegas. It's usually pretty... intense, when we do this stuff. We're used to it now. Most people actually make us sign confidentially stuff. A lot of people say things they don't mean to."
Pepper sighed.  "Just forget it, Harry.  I'm not a miracle worker.  Take him to bed, will you?"
, a bunch of cells, and it was an
I will elbow you in the face," Steve said, eyes flitting back up to watch Bucky's face. "Do you understand, Buck?"
"Shut up," Steve mumbled and kissed him, not wanting to hear an apology when he was so close to coming undone.
beautiful," Steve said, one hand wrapped around the pot of the orchid carefully. He wanted to keep Clint and Natasha's orchid, but that was about it. The rest, aside from the ones Tony had set aside, were essentially from strangers. It would feel weirder to keep them all than to get rid of them.
Aria reached over and patted his knee.
Pepper sighed and moved to take one of the seats in the room. "In...in Steve's heat..." She ran a hand over her face, then looked at Tony, her expression pained. "He told me you were always going to love me more." It obviously made her uncomfortable to say it. "I thought it was just his heat talking... but maybe not."
"I think you look so hot when you're wearing nothing but your dog tags," added Tony, tracing Steve's chest, which was gleaming with sweat.
"Ahem," said Tony.  "Well. Now it's late and everyone's tired so... let's go to bed, okay?"  He had gotten off easy, he knew. But Pepper had a look of determined curiosity and he knew she would ask Steve about the rabbit later and then probably tell Aria.
"I think it might be!"
Tony placed his hand over Steve's as Steve touched his face plate.  "It's okay, Steve. I still love you, I still want you. War's messy.  I know that now. It's okay."
Then it clicked.
"The four of us.  Me, you, Banksy, and Granite," he said.
found it!"
"Sleep," commanded Karpov.  The soldier's eyes closed, and Karpov left.
"Right. Swell.  So," Steve said as he turned back to the conversation. "Just, like, one quick question. You know you can't
"Jesus," Steve nearly choked on his water. "Ever heard of knocking?"
and then they treat them like dirt when they get back.  Big whoop, he's got a prosthetic.  How's that supposed to help him if he's having night terrors and he's so strung out he can't even get a job?"
An in!
"...you know it's 2010, right?"
He was smiling a little, looking mischievous all over again. Steve leaned in to nip at his ear gently before murmuring. "I'm not as delicate as you think, Tony.  You can ask me for stuff.  What happened in Yemen was... shitty.  But we're still mates.  ...and I missed you."
He reached over to touch Steve's hair lightly.  He was proud of Steve, so proud; Steve was everything good in the world that Tony wanted to be and always seemed to fall short of.
"See how great it is?  Omegas happy to be omegas... yay, twenty-first century!" said Tracy loudly, holding up her drink in a toast.
Fuck.  Of course she was.
"I...I don't know." He admitted. "My perception of okay is kinda skewed, you know? And so is his. He's been through a lot."
Steve laughed softly, and in pleasant surprise, as Tony scooped him up into his arms. He felt...small again, and it was nice. His heart lurched in his chest. This was the old kind of romance from movies, or something...something that Steve never really got to experience before. He wasn't ever going to be the dainty omega again who an Alpha would sweep in and rescue, and Steve was okay with that- but he was also more than okay with this.
"You know that wasn't real Tony," Natasha said, voice still gentle with a hand on his arm. "Steve loves you and he's here.... he just went out for some fresh air. Maybe go get him, Sam?" she prompted, patting Tony's shoulder a little awkwardly when she didn't get an immediate response. "Tony? Hm? It's not real. Repeat it to yourself a few times. It helps."
"...coke doesn't affect memory, Steve," said Tony patiently.  He looked down at the tracker on his ankle. "I can't wait to get this thing off.  I feel like I'm an endangered panda or something. ...you know pandas are endangered now, right?  Like, super-endangered. Anyways, yeah, Sweden is okay. I was thinking England. You could see some of your old pals that are still..."  Tony trailed off. Steve didn't have many of his old war friends left.
"Thank you, Nat," Steve said softly. "Seriously."
And then Steve laughed. It was a happy, amused sound. "I just realised..." He wheezed a little. "We forgot to use protection. Oh my God, we're so bad at this."
"We'll pick you up tomorrow morning. See you then Captain."
Steve smiled as Tony passed him and ran his fingers through his hair. He watched his Alpha walked to the door, admiring the curve and dip of his back before he rolled off the sofa. He tugged on his boxers and shirt and then wobbled to the door. He felt a little tender down there after...everything. Steve sighed and ran a hand through his hair himself, dragging it out of his eyes. He blinked at the sight.
Pepper frowned.  "Well, who does?" she replied tactfully.
Steve took it back downstairs and set it down on a spare spot of bench. He moved to kiss Tony's cheek. "I'm gonna go to bed, okay? Its late. Don't work yourself too hard," he whispered, voice soft and soothing before he pulled away. Tony needed to be well rested if he was going to have a good practise with the simulation. It was a harrowing thing in itself and if Tony did want him to join him...Steve honestly wasn't looking all that forward to going back in there.
a collar, he wanted it for a purpose but did he actually want to buy one? Hell no. Especially not one that cost a million dollars. Jesus Christ...
"He talks to me like I'm a kid who doesn't understand anything. It's annoying. And yeah, his Alpha shot him...but DeSoto thinks it's okat because it's an accident. He's got me thinking...the stuff he said about Trickshot, that omegas can oppress each other just as bad. If I listened to what they all said to me here I would be one of them already," Steve sighed and flopped back onto the hood of the car they were sitting on.  "I got to speak to Donner more than I thought I would," Steve murmured, still sounding a little frustrated with himself. "But I can't get him out if he doesn't want out."
"Generally, yes," said the doctor.
"Hey!" protested Donner weakly, holding open the door.  In the hallway, someone was calling a Code Blue, and Banksy's face had drained of its remaining color, taking on an almost translucent sheen.
Steve watched in horror as Seven was made to lift up his shirt. Jesus Christ.
instead of Phil or something?  Of all the SHIELD agents in the world, why would he pick
He floated onto his back, staring up at the sky.  "Can you toss me a pair of shades?  ...it helps that the water is warm, and clean.  You know, this was in November, and the mountains were freezing.  I think they just melted snow from outside, to be honest.  Sometimes it was like slush.  ...so I know where you're coming from, with the water thing.  ...you and I ought to start a group, we can call it aquaphobics anonymous.  Speaking of AA, beer me, will you?"
They stepped out of the lift and headed for the Alpha's seemingly expensive suite. When they walked in there was just a lone man inside. He was a middle-aged black man in a well-fitted suit. He had broad shoulders and a patient warmness in his eyes. Donner found himself feeling quietly hopeful. But he didn't dare drop his guard entirely.  Looks could be deceiving.  And besides, he didn't want to just to stay another night with an Alpha... he couldn't keep doing it.  He wanted a mate, a home, some stability.
"I would like to start by thanking all the performers that volunteered for tonight's charity event. I know everyone has come here tonight on late notice, as have you, and I appreciate all the efforts that every person involved has put into this. Including every person we have backstage too, who again are doing this on a completely voluntary basis. And I think tonight will be a wonderful example of how much we can achieve when people come together, regardless of prejudices or divisions, in order to do something for a cause that is bigger than ourselves. And bigger than any of us here in this room. Equality in education and equal opportunities are every child's right and I can only hope that our support tonight for Yemen's educational foundation will help put more kids on the right track.
Steve."
Bucky was crying in earnest but he didn't realize it.  He pulled away from the omega.
the story broke so really, I got seven out of thirteen, which is still pretty good.  ...but you know, when a woman starts bragging that I slept with her, I always go along with it.  ...what I'm saying is, as much of a cad as I am, my reputation is definitely... inflated. And I wanna be able to flirt and stuff but... Steve... I wouldn't ever actually cheat on you."
He fell asleep shortly before noon and slept until he heard the front door open.  Waking this time wasn't painful; his hangover had faded to an idle and easily ignored throb in the back of his skull.  He remained curled in Steve's bed, warm and comfortable, waiting for Steve to come to him.
"Bees' knees," corrected Pepper, looking like she was ready to turn in her resignation.  "Tony. They're just mint and vanilla shakes that are dyed green."
"Give me one minute."
Tony was horrified all over again.  "Did you say sold?"
Steve caught the first aimed punch but the second hit landed, dazing him.  Metal fingers closed around his throat and squeezed. It wasn't enough to kill him but it was enough to make him breathless, make him struggle.
"No, no, Donner liked him before he came out.  You know how everyone says he looks like him. I hear that's why Gideon bought him back in... what was it?"
. Steve knew he could defend himself. But would he? Suddenly, he felt internally horrified on top of everything. The way Pepper was looking at him...was this his fault? Could he have avoided this? He didn't even want this to be happening.
"These documents need to be burned," said Tony.
that never even mated him?"
Bucky had never made him kneel. He'd asked for it a few times, like Tony did. But he would have never
Everyone exchanged glances.
What really confused Steve was how this woman could be at the window when they were on the 4th floor of the apartment block.
JARVIS.  ...if you call him, I'll drink a glass of water, try to get that point three down..."
Tony snatched at the newspaper.  "So Cap's pro-choice now?  Oh my God, no wonder Fury was having a hernia."  He flipped open the paper eagerly.  "This is
He stood, dropping the garbage can lid with disappointment.  "Fuck," he said.
In the bedroom, Tony had dragged Steve's pillow over his head, not wanting to leave the comfort of the bed just yet.  He rolled over to where Steve had been moments before.  It was still warm.  He buried his face into Steve's pillow with the softest moan of delight.
"...if you want me to fuck you with a toy, I will," said Tony.  "Bring me the biggest rubber cock you have, Captain." He grinned lazily.  "And I'm not tired, but you
"Tony.  Please. Act like you can go without alcohol for twelve hours," said Pepper.
Slowly, Natasha rose and offered Steve her hand.  She and Clint's relationship had always been something they'd had to tread lightly around, especially since she was a female Alpha and he was a male omega.  They'd always maintained a level of professionalism but, nonetheless, had occasionally experienced derision and prejudice from high ups who felt their bond could compromise missions.  Fury's words weren't pleasant.  But they were ruthlessly true.
Steve's expression softened and he raised his head, eyes still on Tony. "Of course I'll be there," he said. "We can still get a practice in, if you want. It'll be quieter in the evenings...Nat was texting me about it, actually. When I was drawing.  We can go in together. Do you think that would help?" Steve asked. "You can have actually have up to five people in the machine at once. It wouldn't be dangerous. It's up to you." He knew that he would have felt a lot better with Tony in with him the first time. It had been a very isolating experience - he hadn't felt that alone since he'd been driving in ice cold sea water.
Lydia turned back, bumping into Tony, who had gotten close to eyeball her neck.
omegas had been outlawed shortly after 1900; before that, it was common practice to keep them as housestaff.  But arranged bonding had lingered until 1983, and when it was finally banned, a lot of people pointed out it was de facto slavery.  Omegas and money were exchanged, after all, and the omega never had any say in it; the Alpha chose.  As a result, many Alphas had more than one omega and most Alphas had an omega much younger than them.  This accounted for the statistic that, while more than 90% of omegas bonded in 2010, only about 55% of Alphas did.
. And they were inside of him too. Steve clenched around him automatically and shuddered in relief at the sensation. Yes,
Beth grunted in agreement and got out of the car, moving to help Steve walk in. She was strong enough to help support him.
"Remember, if you get freaked out or feel uncomfortable, just let me know and we'll leave," said Tony.  He actually seemed more anxious than Steve did. Perhaps because the last time Steve had had a panic attack, he'd disappeared for a day with his other Alpha.
Before Steve knew what was really happening he was being pushed down into a chair and a woman was fiddling with his hair and tutting to herself.
"Sometimes I wish I could feel this all the time," Steve whispered, voice thick was the aftermath of arousal and all the panting and moaning he'd just done. "It's the calmest feeling there is." He arranged his arms under his head so he was more comfortable and huffed out a soft puff of air when he felt Tony shift inside of him.
"...let's get you an external battery pack for emergencies," said Tony.  "...and for the record... you can't do that. You just... you sort of... I felt you wanting to be left alone, so I left you alone.  If you ever... if you ask me to distance us, I will. But I don't like it. I like being bonded, Steve. I like feeling you."
"And why are you here?"
never wanted bonded, I was only sixteen, seventeen, but he never made me wear a collar or change my name, I think he just needed a houseboy since he was a widower and Ryan was out at college and he was lonely... well, enough about me, 84!  A little birdy told me you were trying to track down two guys named Ashtray and Trickshot... please tell me they're not your cousins, too... are we keeping this under wraps, by the way, the cousin thing?"
It was strange to have their love called 'young.' Neither Steve nor Tony felt especially young, did they? Steve supposed their relationship was relatively new but even so, it had already found a rhythm. They had fallen into a cooperative routine. They worked. They really were...happy. Something glittered by Steve's eyes for a brief moment. He never thought this would be possible for him, for a bond to be loving and fulfilling and everything he'd honestly ever really wanted. Sure, it wasn't perfect but that wasn't the point. It was still incredible. It was something Steve never could have had with Bucky.
"--you're the only one here with wires--"
Pepper gave Rhodey a lingering look. "I hope you know what you're doing."
"How do you respond to Tony's drinking?" Brazinski asked.
"I thought you said it was better to have regrets than not," challenged Tony, grinning triumphantly at Steve.  "Oh, c'mon, please, Stan, I gotta go back now, I haven't even said hi to Rhodey yet... they want Iron Man, c'mon, I won't drink anymore, I promise, it's my birthday, Stan... I won't do anything stupid, come on, my IQ is over two hundred, I don't even know the
Tony swallowed eagerly, gulping, drinking.  Maybe if Steve weren't in heat he would have been more embarrassed but he'd forgotten everything except for his immediate desire to please his omega.
Steve's tracker was dead.  Fuck.
He pulled himself onto the deck and flopped back with the bottle, letting the sun dry him, still defensive about Steve's words.  He could hear Steve splashing around softly.
He sighed as he glanced back over to Tony. "You do realize that if you drink this much we literally can't do the simulation, right? You won't get a practice run. It's not
"It's Steve!" he yelled.
(Tony liked math.)  (And fucking.)  (He had the grace not to explain his complicated "To-Screw" List scoring system to Steve at the moment.)
Pietro watched without sympathy as the suit of armor dropped to its knees; he looked over at Wanda, whose face was furrowed in concentration.  "He's still in the suit."
Tony nudged him back.  "I love me. Tony Stark," he replied with a slow, self-satisfied smirk.  His hands slid around Steve's waist and he began running his fingers softly up and down Steve's back.  "And you. You uppity little omega, you." He stole a kiss and then gave a tired laugh, dropping his forehead onto Steve's shoulder, panting quietly.  He couldn't remember the last time he'd felt this tired. The prolonged adrenaline from the mission and Steve's heat and then sex was all catching up to him at once and he was ready to sleep another twelve, eighteen, twenty-four hours before dealing with anything.
"Er, Steve? You're on in a minute. Come on, let's go!" Aria said, shooing him up and towards the stage.
"Are you sure you don't want me to send someone round?" Natasha asked for the millionth time. Steve was in a lull, the heat would start up again soon but right now he could think normally. Or at least, normally enough to have a conversation over the phone.
"Mr. Stark?"
Bucky stood up.  "I'm going there."
"Sometimes it feels like my hands are too big for it now," Steve murmured, his plate now empty. "I was better before."
"Oh my God!  And he went and got breakfast without us and just left a note?  That was sooo awkward!"
Tony woke up half-hard again, Steve's scent in his nose but the unmistakable taste of Juicy Fruit in his mouth and a searing headache behind his eyes.
Steve let go of Tony long enough to grab his phone from his pocket. He knew his Alpha might well try and take either phone back but they both knew who was the stronger one here.
"Thanks," said the omega.
The man with one eye: kill him.  The blond: take him alive.  Use of excessive force was okay.
Steve almost looked sheepish. Almost looked
"The Winter Soldier is an Alpha.  He wouldn't have an Alpha."
Poor Steve.
"...awful traffic out there, isn't it?" said Malick pleasantly, as if it were normal and not part of a large rally directly affecting Steve.
Steve leaned into Tony when he appeared beside him, the other's hand hot against his waist through his shirt.
He buried his face in the back of Steve's neck and inhaled deeply, trying to find a sense of calm.  "You're okay now.  You're safe.  You're with me."
Tony growled in reply, his arms still wrapped around Steve.  He reached down to fumble with Steve's gown, pushing it up to his hips.  He didn't want to let go of Steve and he didn't want to stop biting Steve.  He let go of him reluctantly with one arm to undo his zipper, but he wasn't in the mood to undress completely; he wanted to comply, to
He  shook his head to clear it.  The last thing in the world he wanted to think about right now was his father.  His notes weren't going anywhere, after all; Tony would find time to slip away later, without Steve, and paw through them, trying to find out more about the tesseract.
They stumbled up the stairs to bed by night time. Steve spotted a group of people in the upper living room, the flash of Pepper's bright hair amongst them, as they passed but they didn't stop to say hi. Him and Tony were exhausted. Steve felt like there was an ache in his bones and a tug in his belly with every step. The heat was almost over. He could feel it.
The whole of his life had been dictated by Alphas, been inhibited by them. Bucky had, unwittingly trapped him. The president, men in the army, Stark, Schmidt, all Alphas setting the course of his life for him ...and Tony thought he
He glanced up at Clint's touch. It was gentle. He almost smiled.
"I want to be an omega."
Oh shit. She didn't know, not about the Winter Soldier at least. (Well, she probably knew
good. Steve was letting out high pitched little sounds mixed with curses, sounds he certainly wouldn't ever let anyone hear but Tony.
Steve, hard and fast and without giving two shits if there were clothes in the way.
Steve could see Tony was buzzing excitement. After a few weeks cooped up in the house he could completely understand why. He just hoped that the party went without incident. They all kind of needed to have a good time tonight, after everything.  "I made
"What's all this nonsense about?" Howard's voice rang out into room and everyone fell quiet instantaneously. The moment Howard entered the room, the whole dynamic shifted.  Howard's presence was like an elephant's, impossible to ignore.  He was older, quite a bit older; his hair and mustache were white but he still had a straight-backed posture and looked fully capable of running a 5K.  His age only gave him more of a commanding air, not less.  He had a tumbler in his hand, the liquid inside it golden. He took a sip as he sauntered around, eyes landing on Steve.
Tony yanked Steve's hand.
He was trembling with emotion, Steve's body warm beneath him.  He shifted a little, just to cover more of him. He didn't know who these people were but he sure as hell wasn't going to let them anywhere near his omega.  They were insane if they thought there was even the slightest possibility of that.
Banksy stood there for a moment, shocked, then squealed and threw himself at Boswell, wrapping his arms around him and giggling manically with unconstrained excitement.
Phil sighed. "Don't apologise..."
Tony got  small lump of excitement in his throat at Steve's suddenly soft, velvety voice.  This was the side of Steve Rogers very few people-- in fact, only two in history-- had ever gotten to see.
He watched Steve swimming, begrudgingly appreciating the omega's naked body even though he resented Steve.   He was hoping they could just lay this to rest.  He needed his alcohol.  Maybe Steve would come to accept it, with time.  Tony didn't think his drinking habits were dangerous... yeah, okay, he drank a lot, but didn't genetics count for anything?  Howard drank like a fish and when he'd died, he'd looked remarkably healthy.  He'd looked young and well and he probably would've lived another twenty years if it weren't for the accident.
"I literally can't think of anything worse right now."
Over a dozen hands shot up.
with that?  Your Alphas rename you?"
"There's a place down the block," said Brent, packing up his legal pad.  "Let's go."
"Do you think you'll have something by December?" Steve asked tentatively, feeling Tony's concern pang in his own chest. The doctor looked up at him over his glasses. Gleason was around Tony's height, so he had to look up a little to meet Steve's gaze.
"Steve," repeated Tony, tone softer.  Steve was still standing and his muscles tight with what Tony had come to appreciate was Steve's fight posture.  If he attacked Gideon, which is clearly what he wanted to do (Tony could feel Steve's anger in his gut), then they could kiss this compromise good-bye.
Tony looked at Steve. "Whatever makes you happy, Steve."  He set down his drink, hopped off the counter, and walked over to wrapped his arms around Steve's waist.  He closed his eyes and rested his cheek on Steve's back. He wondered if Steve realized that there were probably lots of people-- specifically, older, conservative Alphas-- that would be watching and looking for anything to criticize.  But, he figured that was why they had Pepper and Aria. They would tell Steve what to wear, where to stand, and veto anything too controversial.
Tony let out a long, slow breath.  "...I don't," he said grudgingly. He pulled himself onto the bed and lay down next to Steve, then laughed sadly.  "I still want to mate. Even through this total shit-show, I'm hard as diamonds. Heats are so fucking stupid." He pulled Steve against him, one arm around him and the other hand still gripping his hair.  He rubbed himself against Steve's thigh, just for some relief.
