He forced himself to breathe as Nat yanked open the door.
The teenager was looking at Tony like Tony was the only person in the world he’d ever wanted. Him, the flawed omega.
It hadn’t been a bluff. His dad would’ve really done it. He would’ve let Tony die. Howard hated him
But they were. They
Tony could tell he was disappointed, though.
His instincts wanted the wall reduced to rubble. They pawed at him, whining in distress, begging to be let in.
“...I already told you why.” Tony glanced away, self-conscious and frustrated that he was being such a shrinking violet. If he didn’t overcome his psychological blocks soon, he was going to combust into a supernova of unreleased sexual tension. “Things were becoming, uh, a little heavier than I can deal with...”
He had discovered that the alpha was slightly easier to talk to on the phone, as Tony didn’t have to fight against the full effect of his Steve-ness or worry about looking him in the eye. The teenager also had a surprisingly quick sense of humor and was easily able to keep up with Tony’s verbal sparring. Which only added to Tony’s distress, because he didn’t want to actually
Each kiss seemed to send a bolt of pleasure directly to Tony’s groin. Slick gushed out of him, his pheromones going crazy.
Then, 30 minutes later…
A huff. “You’re never gonna quit with the baby thing, are you?”
He’d laughed so hard he’d been caught off guard by the light, happy sound of it.
Steve surprised Tony by playing along. “I never met a mermaid before. I should’ve guessed when I saw the red hair. You look like Ariel.”
“You could’a fallin’ in,” she scolded, relaxing marginally once she’d maneuvered him a safe enough distance from the water.
Nat brightened. “I promise.” She held up two crossed fingers. “Cross my heart an’ hope to die, stick a needle in my eye.” Then she skipped off to fetch the dustpan.
But Steve was Steve. And, as Tony had already learned, part of the teenager’s personality included not shying away from a fight. Steve Rogers could be a real shit stirrer when he wanted to be.
Self-preservation took over and he buried that-which-he-did-not-think-about back into the dark corners.
“It’s not going to rain,” Steve said assuredly.
“Nice wipeout,” Darcy said in her usually tactless way.
“Nice to meet you, Tony. I’m Steve.”
Steve was hard and aroused behind him. Tony had gotten a glimpse of the thick arch of the alpha’s cock, swelling behind the confines of his red swimming trunks, before he’d managed to tear his eyes away. The sight was going to be burned into the back of his eyelids forever.
The evening had ended with another kiss outside Tony’s door. Ever respectful of Tony’s boundaries, the alpha had kept things short and sweet, though it'd still had the effect of throwing lighter fluid on Tony’s overeager libido.
“Dammit,” Steve exclaimed harshly. “Alright. I won’t. I won’t go looking for him.”
Tony ducked his head, unexpectedly shy. “I...I wasn’t bad? You liked it?”
The questions threw Tony. They were exactly the kind of thing someone might ask on a first date.
It was an alpha’s voice. Dominant, commanding, and infused with raw power, and it made everything inside Tony lurch to obey.
Heat prickled along his skin and he roughly yanked his hand free before the feeling could get any stronger. “Let go – I’m – it’s nothing. I’m fine.”
“Hey baby,” Steve greeted, grinning.
“I sincerely doubt that,” Steve said, but he didn’t push the issue.
“Then talk to me. Please. Help me understand.”
His anger gave way to desperation, his emotions volatile and unmanageable. “Please. I can’t...it’s...it’s killing me. I gotta...gotta make it go away...gotta forget her.”
Steve’s head jerked up. His shoulders had seemed to deflate the longer Tony had taken to reply, but now...now he looked anything but unhappy. Awe and hope were plain on his face.
So, no, he couldn’t turn off his attraction to the teenager—and, oh, how he’d tried—but being aware of it was a far different animal than acting on it. As long as he didn’t do
The alpha’s mouth ticked up like he was pleased by Tony’s impatience before he closed the distance between them and finally
Tony had never been especially punctual when it came to remembering birthdays. It didn’t help that when he and Steve were together, he was too busy drowning in a fog of his own pheromones to even remember what day of the week it was. Or that when he’d first learned of Steve’s birthday, he’d been so freaked out over the sudden re-emergence of his pheromones that the information had gone in one ear and out the other, lost in the frenetic pacing of his mind.
Barely a week had passed since he’d seen Steve last, but it had felt like so much longer.
Amara had moseyed across the pool and was now laying her beach towel down next to Steve’s lifeguard chair. Flipping her hair over her shoulder, she proceeded to crawl onto the towel like she was in the middle of a Sports Illustrated photoshoot. When that failed to earn her the alpha’s attention, she pulled a bottle from her tote bag and began applying tanning oil to her legs in what could only be described as an unsubtle fashion.
“Here.” Steve tried to push the money at him.
A tight pulling in Tony’s chest drew a confession out of him—Steve deserved an omega he could freely mount and knot. Not one so fucked up they made him jump through hoops for crumbs. “Wanna be a good omega for you.”
“Well, I’ll still like you bald and toothless, too.”
“Forget it.” Tony glowered. “Keep your ingratiating condiments.” Ignoring them, he defiantly bit into his burger and returned his attention to Darcy. She was regaling the table with tales of Bruce's latest exploits.
“You are not who I spoke to on the phone,” Tony insisted, mentally calculating if he was running a fever and hallucinating. “That was a woman’s voice. Quite an affable lady, really, and clearly not you considering your lack of, er, ladyhood. She invited us over but we must have the wrong house.” He stepped backwards. “Terribly sorry to have bothered you. Goodbye.”
Tony fidgeted in his seat, pulling his collar away from his flushed neck before catching himself and letting his hand drop.
It was clear the teen was eager to provide Tony with some form of reciprocation. The alpha asked every time without fail, voice roughened with unconstrained need, “Can I touch you? I want to touch you so bad, baby.”
legal. He’s 18 but looks 25. You’re 27 but look—and act—18. Match made in heaven.”
“I don’t know what you mean.” Tony took an innocent sip from his mug of coffee.
“How can you possibly know that? Are you a weatherman now? ‘Cause I’m telling you, we could be hit with a freak storm here. Sure, the forecast might
Tony couldn’t get enough of being on his knees for Steve. His gag reflex was getting the workout of a lifetime.
Tony quickly grew bored of people he couldn’t trade barbs with.
Steve, however, didn’t make a single move on Tony. The teenager was being a perfect gentleman. Thus torturing Tony entirely.
He had started giving off the distinct scent of ‘interested omega.’
“Are you sure? There’s no rush. I can wait.” The poorly concealed hunger in his expression did nothing to mask how much the idea of waiting pained him.
Something raw and painful clenched inside him. He could feel his mind dragging him down into the dark place. Into that-which-he-did-not-think-about.
A longer pause. Rhodey glanced at Steve before focusing back on Tony. “For what it’s worth, he doesn’t look at you like it’s a fling.”
But Steve had sounded so
a fuckup.
Not when he felt so empty and aching.
Low and behold, Angry-Steve was back.
“It’s okay, pumpkin. You’ll be better in no time. We’ll get you a Band-Aid and fix you right up.”
Obie never would’ve admitted to being jealous. Or apologized for it.
(See the end of the chapter for
, the same shameless voice corrected him.
. Nobody had handed it to him. He paid for it with his own meager earnings. And for that, he could be proud.
The joke wasn’t exactly met with uproarious laughter. In fact, no one seemed willing to find humor in the situation at all.
“No,” adamantly, all responsibility and concern.
Then another.
your fault. Fuck anyone and everyone who says otherwise. They can all go to hell.”
“Shut up, Darce,” Tony told her. “I’m busy counting to 100.”
But it was no substitute for Steve putting his arm around him. For real contact.
If Tony didn’t know any better, he’d think they were accidentally mate bonding without realizing it.
“Sorry, Bucket.”
The teen was just the kind of self-sacrificing white knight who’d go way too far with it.
“…And business cards.”
Steve nodded. “Great. We should exchange numbers. That way, you’ll know how to reach me.” A sly smile crept over the alpha’s face. “And I can ring you if we ever need any more repair work.”
Tony tried not to be too obvious about melting into his arms. At least he managed to stifle any happy little sighs.
“...He turned into a territorial alpha asshole and beat the shit out of Brock,” Tony admitted, deciding to give her a half-truth. He knew she’d never stop pestering him if he didn’t give her some kind of answer. “So I redefined the parameters of our friendship. As in, we no longer have one.”
“You—I hate it when you outwit me. You suck.” Except, he didn’t hate it at all, really.
Not that Tony would be around to see it.
“Are you sure? Five minutes ago, you were trying to leave.”
The command called to something in him that he hadn’t even known he’d been looking for.
“Because I always want you. Whether I'm around you or not. Whether I’m exposed to your pheromones or not. Always, Tony. Always.” The teenager was doing it again: being incredibly, annoyingly, ruthlessly sweet. Making Tony feel like he was someone special. Someone desired. “It wouldn’t make any difference if you were an alpha or a beta. I’d have to be dead not to notice you.”
I wasn’t expecting nearly so many people to still be reading this, so the response to the last chapter sort of blew my mind. Thanks to everyone who kudosed/bookmarked/subscribed/commented.
Tony shrank back. “No,” he lied, even though the curiosity was killing him.
“Have I…” Steve started haltingly, “…have I made you feel like you don’t?”
“I’ve got this,” Darcy butted in. “Everyone, this is our new friend, Steve. Be nice to our new friend. He’s a lifeguard at the pool Tony and I have been going to all summer. Though he’s definitely gotten to know Tony better than me, if you know what I mean.”
be here.” That girl spent so much time swimming she was in danger of morphing into a deep-sea creature soon.
“Not fair!” Bucky accused. “Traitor! You’re
Steve on top of lusting after him.
He hadn’t produced slick in years. It was supposed to be a side effect of taking suppressants.
“Yeah?”
Holding up his hands in a supplicating gesture, like that would somehow convince Tony he was harmless, Steve said carefully, “You’re right. I’m sorry. I’ll keep my distance. I won’t touch you again today. You don’t have to go.”
Tony was too compromised to even try to fight his desire to obey the alpha. “Y-yes.”
“Right. I’m going to exit this conversation,” he said, rising from the table. “Someone should really rescue Bruce. He’s had more than his fair share of being tied to a chair for one day.”
He was done talking about, thinking about, and, most importantly, staring at Steve Rogers. The topic was officially canceled.
The young boy launched a tsunami sized wave at their heads. Shrieking, Nat hurriedly released Tony and retaliated, splashing her friend back.
like a teenager. He looks like a man. A very built and manly man. I mean, have you
He should’ve learned that lesson already—he’d do better to remember it.
Her mistake should have bothered him.
“Yeah,” Steve said casually. “Is there something wrong with that?”
He’d had to forcibly remind himself that the role was reserved for someone else.
Nor would he have let Steve tank his own reputation by parading a disgraced omega around in front of his friends.
As if to prove her point yet again, his stupid phone vibrated with another text.
“All done!” Nat let the dustpan clatter to the floor. In true little kid fashion, she’d somehow only made more of a mess, despite a genuine attempt to help.
“Might take more than a summer to get it to stick,” Tony muttered sheepishly.
. He banished all thoughts of Obie before they could lay waste to everything.
“I didn’t realize I had street cred,” Steve deadpanned.
“Okay, okay. I’m taking it.” Attempting some levity, “So, maybe you weren’t entirely off base when you said that I have a tendency to put myself down...I’m lucky you’re so committed to stroking my ego. You’re doing a stellar job so far. If I had known I’d receive flattery like this, I would have agreed to go out with you much sooner.”
“I can take it. I’ll be good. Promise.”
The sound gentled him. Reassured him. And was somehow exactly what he needed.
I want to thank you guys for all the awesome and supportive comments/kudos on the last chapter. I won't get specific, but I received some pretty aggressive flames in another fandom for taking too long to update in the past...but this has been a vastly different experience and you've all been nothing short of wonderful and I've really enjoyed posting/writing this so far. So thank you so much.
Steve wasn’t going to hurt him.
“Shit. Sorry. I’m sorry,” the teen panted sheepishly, gaze still rapt on Tony’s lips.
Steve stared at him dubiously. “Am I going to like it more than your last idea? I don’t want to see you throwing yourself into the deep end again.”
“I’m a mermaid,” the young girl said proudly. Her ‘mermaid tail’—a green pillowcase that she wore over her legs and had tied around her waist in an attempt to imitate fins—hung over the side of the wagon. “I can’t walk on land.”
“Uh, sure.” His heart gave an unwanted lurch of anticipation. “About what?”
“He’s probably plotting to dump pig’s blood on that reject’s head,” the younger omega sniggered back.
Steve fumbled, almost dropping his arm full of Tony’s snacks. (Seriously, if it wasn’t for his alpha reflexes, Tony figured the popcorn would 100% be all over the ground.) A bright red flush was burning across the teen’s cheekbones and his eyes had darkened with something that didn’t look like disinterest.
This time, Steve didn’t delay before answering. “Yeah,” he fired back with conviction. “It does matter.
Steve crossed his brawny arms over his chest, expression utterly unapologetic.
Normally, this much contact between him and Steve would have his pheromones rearing their ugly heads. Luckily—or, rather, unluckily, depending on how you looked at it—his body seemed too traumatized to react accordingly. It could only muster up a low thrumming of desire, instead of the so-horny-he-couldn’t-think-straight variety the teenager usually brought out in him.
“Not after I’m done with him, he wouldn’t.”
Tony couldn’t help but wonder how he and Steve would have gotten along as children. The alpha probably would have been one of the kids who’d picked on him, which was a pretty depressing thought. But then he remembered that Steve hadn’t even been born until Tony had turned eight, which made it an even
He needed a distraction from his thoughts, stat.
A sharp pain slashed him behind the ribs.
, he thought, trying to mentally shake himself out of his lust induced trance. That attraction that he’d experienced yesterday? It hadn’t been a fluke.
But it was more than just his looks.
He was in his childhood backyard again. He was drowning in his parents’ pool.
It meant something to the teenager to be invited in.
Nat’s button nose wrinkled. “What kind of name is that?”
Steve to stop…
Whoa. Steve had googled how to ‘woo’ him? That was…well, Tony didn’t really know how to process that. He wasn’t used to alphas telling him things like that. Wasn’t used to them allowing themselves to be vulnerable.
I haven’t had good experiences?” Tony repeated stiffly. That was a hot button. That was a don’t-ever-go-there button. “With all undue respect, no, you
Steve had grounded him. Steve had brought Tony back to himself.
Though one wouldn’t guess it by looking at him, on account of the teen’s ridiculous muscle mass, Steve made for a surprisingly comfortable human pillow. Tony lay there for an untold amount of time, soothed by the dependable, rise and fall of his alpha’s chest. He drifted between consciousness and unconsciousness, hovering at the edge where everything already seemed like a dream.
“Let’s go,” Steve told him.
The gesture hadn’t gone unnoticed by Rhodey. He fixed Steve with a truly intimidating military stare. “That’s right, I am. You, on the other hand, he’s told me virtually nothing about. Tell me, Steve, what exactly are your intentions with my friend?”
—was an 18-year-old alpha he was better off staying away from.
He didn’t like touching himself.
It wouldn’t be the first time that had happened.
Because, god help him, he didn’t want to stop, either.
“Is it working?” Steve didn’t bother to deny it, which should’ve been worrying.
Alcohol wasn’t something he allowed himself often. He knew that it would be far too easy for him to succumb to the temptation of drowning his sorrows, just like his father.
“Nineteen,” Steve said a bit stiffly.
To even get this much of Steve was enough. He’d never dream of asking for more.
“Am I not alpha enough for you?” Brock accused. “Is that it? I’ve seen you slavering all over that lifeguard. You come in here smelling the way you do, practically
“It’s too late to protect my virtue, if that’s what you’re worried about. I already let him get to third base. Wait—third base counts as oral sex, right? ‘Cause I’ve sucked his dick a lot.”
The smallest, tiniest seed of forgiveness bloomed in his chest.
He had never, in all actuality, been on a real date before. He’d been contractually promised to Obie by his parents at the age of 16, and then given to him the day he’d turned 18.
Obie had tried to control him under the guise of taking care of him. The damage had already been done before Tony had finally figured out the difference. The older man hadn’t loved him anymore than his parents had.
He immediately swept the thought from his head. Thought—what thought? He’d never had that thought. Nope.
He liked having the alpha’s scent on him. Liked it so much it scared him.
“No one touches you,” the teen said in a steely, uncompromising tone. “He won’t hurt you again.”
He barely kept from squirming in Steve’s lap, afraid he was leaving evidence of his slick on the front of the alpha’s jeans. Being called pretty apparently got him hot as long as Steve was the one saying it. “I...I like doing it for you.”
“If it wasn’t for my pheromones, you’d never have noticed me.”
She merely ignored him, turning her head so that she wasn’t looking at him.
“No. I trust you.”
His eyes were too heavy to keep open. They finally fell shut.
This was the third nosebleed he’d had in two weeks.
Tony bristled. He thought of Steve coaching him to breathe through the bathroom door. It shouldn’t have bothered him, but he didn’t like Rhodey calling the younger alpha a douchebag. “He’s not all that bad. He seems like a pretty okay guy, especially, you know, considering he’s still a teenager and everything. He’s definitely less obnoxious than most.”
He does figure it out soon enough, though.
Steve’s “I do.” Was loud and clear and in love, and when they kissed, their souls melt into each other. Tony loved this man.
His apartment is not exactly what you’d call spacious, but Steve had lived in much, much worse. He doesn't have any personal belongings, and SHIELD’s ‘Captain America’ budget seems to be a little tight, so his apartment stands empty. He goes on runs a lot, and watches the sunrise. Sometimes he thinks of Bucky, and ignores the tears burning his eyes. His grief had been bottled up for 70 years, and Steve doesn’t want to live in a world without his Bucky.
He does.
He doesn’t feel like a captain much. He doesn’t want to, anyway.
Of course, Steve knew it wasn’t real. They were both too lazy to find a date, and decided to go together. Steve secretly turned down three people that asked him, but Tony was one of the hottest, scratch that, the hottest guy in school. He must’ve had like 500 people waiting on his door. But every time Steve asked, he just said nobody wanted to go with him because he’s an awful dancer. Steve knew that was a lie because 1) tony was an amazing dancer and 2) he always bit his lip when he lied. Steve decided to let it go this time because like any sane person, he would never say no to go to the prom with his crush. Ever.
“Do you care?”
“I can go, if that’s what you want.” Tony shot back. He knew that wasn’t what Steve wanted. He knew he looked for an explanation, and he deserved one. He deserved everything.
The silence stretched long. Steve stared at Tony under dim lights.
Of course, Bucky, Sam and Nat wasn’t exactly glad he came. But hey, as long as fists weren’t talking, it was fine to Steve.
“The day Pepper Potts serves anything slightly stronger than mineral water in here, is the day we’ll all reach our damn ends. You can still eat the toiletries down the hall, though, if you want anything stronger.” Sam hated these kinds of parties as much as Steve did. They both grew up in Brooklyn, fighting for their meals. They met at duty; Sam was on the air force, Steve was a captain. After the battle, their paths crossed again at a support group, and they’ve been friends ever since. Now, Sam was helping ex-soldiers with PTSD and Steve was an artist. A lousy story. It was enough to drop chicks and guys at the bar though.
“Tony, honey, relax. It’s between Steve and me, ain’t it? You are no part of it.” Tony was a fucking part of it. Tony was the main problem. Tony was why Steve wanted to hit Ransom until blood was pouring out of his mouth.
“Oh, for fuck’s sake,” is not the answer he would’ve expected. “I just lost to honeybear by three days. Three goddamn days.”
“Cap?” Tony murmurs, between kisses. “Steve.”
Steve kisses a
Tony couldn’t breathe.
“Tony, what are you doing here?” Ransom said, his eyes saying ‘
Prom dates.
Tony yawns and stretches out his legs, nudging Bruce with them. Bruce pushes the legs and watches the movie.
“Took you long enough,” Natasha says, and Steve smiles to his coffee. Tony is asleep at his lap after a particularly long workshop binge, his brown hair sticking a bit to his face. Steve picks it up carefully, paying attention on not waking up the man, and tucks it behind his ear.
Tony comes out from the lab to eat, and Steve reading a magazine about technology. The new possibilities make his head hurt, but excites him at the same time. “Hi,” he says, his voice small, not even sure if Tony heard him or not. He mostly doesn’t.
“I love you,” he told Steve.
“Ransom, why the hell you’re not wearing the navy suit?  I had it in your dressing room!” Tony exclaimed and Steve let his head fall onto his knees.
“I…I can definitely do that,” he manages, and Tony smiles against his mouth, his hands set at back of Steve’s head. “But I...I don’t want to hurt you, Tony.”
Ransom Rogers’ apartment was dark and modern, with a monstrous TV on the wall and a grey massive couch sitting right in front of it. There were very graphic modern art on the walls too, the kind always froze Tony’s blood when he saw them. Whenever he came in with Steve for some ridiculous reason like his mail ending up in Steve’s apartment because Ransom was a dick, Tony would sit on the couch and wait for Steve and Ransom’s screaming match to end.
The Avengers become a pretty popular topic after their victory against Loki. When there are no alien invasions threatening their lives, they attend charity balls and galas, give one or two speeches, and even do PSAs and commercials. Steve wears a skintight suit, Natasha scares lots of people, Hawkeye falls asleep in most of the Q&A’s, and doesn’t wear his hearing aids on the others. Thor learns that you can’t ride a dog, and gets extremely disappointed.
He was Captain America; the leader of The Avengers, a hero in many people’s eyes. He couldn’t be
He allows himself to steal glances until the film ends and repeats 's
“YOU GUYS ARE SO IN LOVE, IT’S DISGUSTING!” Ransom yelled from the corridor, and Tony heard a loud crashing sound.
Well, Steve was never perfect either.
“Hey, it’s starting guys.” Sam peeked out from the door, in his navy suit. His gaze reverted to Ransom for a moment, but the sight was not bizarre, to be honest. So he grabbed him by his shirt collar and got him out of the room. Steve was more than thankful.
Tony’s press smile with a passion.
“Why, you’re gonna beat me up? I can take you any damn day, Stevie. You really want to do it in front of him?” He pointed at Tony, and to Steve’s realization, he was already on his feet. Steve stood up slowly, setting the glass aside. He looked at Tony.
makes everything so much more complicated. He focuses on the movie, and looks at the fish doing…something.
Of course Ransom had to come.
He saw him smile and effortlessly flirt with strangers; throwing his head back in one of his fake laughs, champagne in hand, radiating an energy that made butterflies go wild in Steve’s stomach. His body was perfectly postured, his grip on the glass a relaxed yet a knowing one. Honestly, Steve was averting his gaze from his ass, cause let’s be honest, thinking his brother pounding into that exact place was not a turn on for him.
“Shut up.” They said in unison, and kissed. Ransom made a gagging sound.
“Wait, didn’t we watch The Dark Knight Rises like, ten days ago?” Bruce asks, face buried between his blanket. He usually sleeps through the movies, so it’s only natural.
“You done?” Steve asked, letting a little smirk lay across his lips. Sam laughed and took a sip of his champagne.
to show him that Steve can be so good for him. Better than anyone else he had in the past. Better than all those assholes, better than all those jerks.
Steve looked at him like he was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen in his life. He was.
“Ransom...” he started, a tweak of concern in his voice. Steve hated himself for causing it. Steve hated himself for waiting that damn long. Steve fucking hated himself because rather than being a supportive friend of Tony’s relationship, he was acting like he had a stick up in his ass, because the truth was he was in love with his twin’s boyfriend.
Yes, as the magazines had in their front pages for weeks, Ransom Rogers was dating the infamous playboy slash billionaire for 3 weeks now. They looked happy as clams, at least Ransom did, because you could never understand if Tony was really happy or not. He was ridiculously good at hiding his emotions and even Steve, his friend for almost two decades now, couldn’t exactly figure him out from time to time. Sometimes he tried not to.
“You didn’t have to do this,” Tony says, staring at the piping hot coffee Steve made him. The coffee looks delicious, but Tony doesn’t like to hold things, so he gestures at the table. Steve idly puts it there, and holds Tony’s forearm.
they had said.
Steve thinks,
Tony doesn’t have a dreams often, and when he does, they’re nightmares. Not this night, though. This night, Tony sees The Captain, holding Tony, and he almost feels the heartbeat of the man. The skin is warm and hot and familiar, and Tony melts to it. The name rolls on Steve’s tongue;
Tony seemed his usual self. Arrogant. Not a care in the world. But Steve knew Tony. The real Tony. The real Tony loved Italian ballads and lullabies. He loved playing the piano. He loved cheeseburgers. He always wore something purple for the 16th of December. He hated cooking, but loved eating. He adored Edith Piaf. He once kicked the prime minister in the shin. His voice was beautiful. His lucky number was the pi. His favorite dessert was chocolate cheesecake with lemon on the top. He loved all kinds of chocolate. He had a stock of mars bars in his workshop. He loved reading comics as a kid. He loved lilacs. He loved the color purple. When he cried, he couldn’t breathe. He had a photo of his mom on his workshop, but not his father’s. He always made sure someone else started before him if he wasn’t eating alone. His eyes wrinkled when he laughed, when he really laughed.  He hated horror movies, and he hated romantic movies more. He loved thrillers. He liked physical contact if he trusted the person. He liked hugging. He loved warmth, and hated the cold. He was perfect.
Steve doesn’t have any belongings, so it’s
“Tony, hon, why don’t you tell Stevie about our latest adventure. The one with the maid dress.” Ransom started, his eyes gleaming with mischief. He and Thor’s brother Loki would get along quiet well. “We were in a hotel, you know, doing stuff...”
Steve wasn’t
“I like you too.” Steve answered again.
Because he was broken. He was far too broken to be fixed. Steve was... perfect. He loved helping people, he did charity as often as he could, he was great on soothing panic attacks. He was a shitty actor, he couldn’t lie to save his life. He loved dogs and made great donations to shelters. He was a die-hard feminist. He was stubborn as a goat, maybe even more. He was clumsy as hell sometimes. His favorite color was baby-blue. He threw his head back when laughed and he laughed with his whole body. He had that move called “The Boob Grab” which he grabbed his boob or others boobs when he laughed. One time, he grabbed Natasha’s boob and Natasha almost killed him. They all laughed at it.
Steve thought his heart stopped beating.
“In your dreams, Legolas,” Tony says, sipping the coffee Steve made him a minute ago, and Steve feels a weird sensation in his chest.
and smoking was apparently bad for your health. Everything was so fast; cars, planes, telephones, the internet. The news changed every second and they never seemed to run out of product. People were still evil, and politicians still lied.
“These are beautiful Steve. Thank you.” Tony said, his voice warm honey. Steve knew he didn’t pretend. Not around Steve. Steve was the only place Tony could ever be himself without pretending.
Steve thinks he should keep the sweater, because it looks better on Tony than it’ll ever do on Steve.
-, phones let you call anywhere anytime, -
Tony was crying.
“Depends on your car.” Steve answered, his brain finally finding the right words. “You look amazing, Tony.”
Ransom burped loudly.
Tony walked down the aisle, in the arms of his Rhodeybear.
“Not much. New widow-bite, some arrows, maybe the birdhouse Thor had wanted. He’s still stuck on the color,” Tony says, taking a bite out of the stale Chinese takeout. Steve notices a red spot forming around the packaging.
Smiling with Ransom to the cameras was easy. Even if Tony wasn’t a big fan of Ransom, he was pretty funny when he wanted to be, and he had amazing remarks on people’s asses. Tormenting Steve was his favorite activity other than posing for cameras, so he had agreed in a heartbeat. Just one rule: this wasn’t real.
Steve learns some stuff that night.
Nobody was that surprised when they saw Steve and Tony walking into the apartment, holding hands.
They were out of breath.
“You guys are idiots.” Natasha said.
Tony.
At least he hoped he wasn’t.
Press smile is different. It’s designed to look in control, designed to look confident. It’s nothing like the real Tony, and Steve hates is every time he sees it.
“Steve, I swear it wasn’t real. Oh god, how stupid am I? Really how fucking dumb am...”
“Sorry,” Tony apologizes, and tugs to the material. “I actually programmed Dum-E to sort through the clothes by size too, but he gets distracted easily. Probably thought it was mine since it’s red and all.”
“Nah, I think Stevie here is forgetting who he is, honey. Why don’t you let me remind him?” Ransom said, taking a step. He wasn’t taking this seriously. He still thinks I’m that weak kid on the playground, Steve thought, clenching his jaw. He doesn’t see a soldier that hurt people. That killed people. “I’m gonna remind him real quick, don’t you worry. Come on Stevie, you aren’t scared, are you?”
God damn it.
“What did that champagne glass did to you, man?” Sam asked, chuckling. Unlike Steve, he seemed to have fun. “If you clench your jaw a bit more, you can actually be the first person to shatter your jaw all by yourself.”
Every noise he gets out of Tony goes directly into his core, feeling like a punch in the gut in a very grotesque way. He watches him; how his eyelids closes in the heat of pleasure, his moans, his every twitch and movement, how beautifully he arcs out of the bed when Steve hits his sweet spot. Steve
What difference would it make? Tony was dating his twin now. His damn twin. That meant it was about the personality, which was a hundred times worse. He had asked his friends for counsel but all he got was “you waited too long, idiot.” Natasha hadn’t even bothered with an answer, she had just snorted and left.
“I met Tony when we were second graders. He was in detention room because of cussing the teacher out. That little Tones Stevie always told me about, I was curious, of course. Whole detention, we switched notes. None of us knew what was love back then, so we became good friends. In 7th grade, Tony crashed at my house because his dad kicked him out. When I asked why didn’t he go to Steve, he answered ‘Because I didn’t want to hurt him.’ “ Tony looked at Steve and felt tears prickling his eyes. He remembered that night, crying to Bucky and Steve coming in, regardless of Tony’s begging for him not to. They hugged tight and Steve told him that Howard’s not gonna hurt him anymore, because he wouldn’t let him.
“I WAS GOING TO BEAT TONY!” Clint cries, stopping the knife with his hand and dodging the other knife with the other. “I WAS SO CLOSE, NAT!”
“Yeah?” Steve asks, scared.
“How do you say we carry this party to somewhere that sells whiskey?” Steve asked, eyeing Tony.
The next time he comes down, he brings some pencils and his notebook.
“Wait, weren’t you dating already?” Clint asked, some colorful cereal in his mouth.
The plan was simple; Tony had spent all his life in front of cameras, and it wasn’t strange that most of his relationships ended because there were too many cameras flashing in their faces. And Tony would literally do anything to keep Steve safe.
To his luck, Tony is so tired that he doesn’t see right through the lie, and that means
now, which made Steve suck on his breath when he first he heard it. They did lot’s of pro LGBTQ+ campaigns as a team, and Steve was awaiting his first pride parade with excitement.
“No? Oh you’re meaning the other Batman movie, not the Heath Ledger one.” Tony says, hitting play. Banner makes an agreeing sound, and signals JARVIS to put out the lights.
“Tony, relax. It’s nothing, you just looked like you were getting hot in there. You can’t say no to a little pause right?” Steve doesn’t tell him how selfish he is, because he just wanted him for himself right now, but he was too much of a coward to even say it. He wings it and hopes for the best.
Anthony Stark lives up to Steve’s expectations; narcissistic showman with an ego bigger than his brain. He reminds him of Howard, but Howard used to warmer, whereas this man is colder than the ice block Steve went into. Steve sees the masked emotion, and thinks it’s just ego.
“Why did you wait this long?” Steve asked.
“No medical.” Tony says quickly, maybe a bit too quickly because Steve looks at him with worried eyes. “Too many questions, not enough sleep, they’ll alert Rhodey, really don’t need that. Look, you tended to it pretty good, it’s good as new!” He tries to move his arm, but now without his usual amount of caffeine, he can feels the hot pain coursing through his pains. He yelpes, and Steve shakes his head, holding the arm again.
“THE GROOM AND THE GROOM!” He yelled, clearly drunk as...his usual self. “I PRONOUNCE YOU AS GROOM AND GROOM!” His black suit...BLACK SUIT?!
RETREAT! I REPEAT, RETREAT!
“Did he just fall from the stairs?”
level of tired. “That’s… nice of you to think, actually. Yeah, that guy's… Oh god, did you see the bald one? He’s been groping this lady all night, and if I hear one more ‘come here girl’, I swear to God I’m calling the armor.”
......,
Tony didn’t listened to a word the pastor said. He looked at Steve, and Steve looked at him. His voice was distant to him, but also the “I do.” Was the most right thing he has ever said in his life.
What he felt was
“Disgusting.” Natasha remarked, and took a sip of her smoothie. “Absolutely disgusting.”
“I do. I do need to thank you. There aren’t too many alphas who’d treat me the way you do. Trust me, I know.” Tony didn’t talk about Obie. Ever. Not too long ago, the only way someone could’ve gotten him to tell them about his old alpha was by pointing a gun to his head.
And they weren’t hypothetical anymore.
Wanted him so much it was making him dizzy – and was going to activate his pheromones if he wasn’t careful.
Steve fixed a stare on his younger brother. “Buck,” he prompted.
“Uh, thanks.” Not what he’d been going for, but he’d look stupid if he didn’t take it. Accepting the jacket, Tony slipped the material over his skin. It was big and warm and smelled like alpha in all the best ways (and would get his pheromones going if he didn’t put a tight leash on them).
“Amelia,” Steve repeated gently. “I like it.”
“But I want you to get something out of it too.”
For all she’d done, he hadn’t yet discovered the key to hardening his heart enough to keep her out. He was stuck in a sick cycle of repaying her coldness with endless second chances.
After Obie, he’d promised himself that he’d never belong to an alpha again.
Tony frowned.
He told Steve about Obie. About getting pregnant against his will. Resenting his pregnancy. Accepting his baby—connecting with her—when it was already too late. Being taken to court and then being sentenced to become disgraced. Being given his brand.
,” the teen had told him at the hospital.
“Modok deserved it. He was always giving you detention for no reason.”
Head dropping in shame, the younger guard gave a small nod of obedience.
Tony froze. His heart skipped a beat like he was in a 1970s Harlequin romance novel. He could picture Steve’s suggestion all too perfectly. Hours of one-on-one time spent together—half-naked and dripping wet—in the pool…Exploring all the miles and miles of the alpha’s sun-kissed skin and hardened muscles…Steve’s strong hands on him as he instructed him, gently but possessively…Their sweaty bodies brushing up against each other. “…That’s probably not a good idea.”
“…Just suppressants,” he admitted grudgingly.
His instincts urged him to reassure the alpha in return. He listened to them. “You don’t have to worry about Rhodey, either. He couldn’t be more my brother if we’d shared the same womb. He’s protective because, for pretty much my entire life, he’s been the only person around to look after me. My parents were gone all the time. I was alone in that big house without any brothers or sisters. I wasn’t allowed to have friends Howard didn’t approve of, and most of the people who did try to befriend me had ulterior motives. They didn’t like
No, it didn’t have a band logo on it, but it did have something. Tony could make out what looked like the word ‘Rogers’ in big, white lettering, and underneath that, the number 40.
What sane person would turn down an offer like that? Certainly not Tony.
Was Tony imagining things or had Steve added a question mark to the end of that sentence?
What was happening to him?
A blur of approaching movement snagged Tony's attention. An older, gray haired woman was walking up to him and Steve. Tony recalled her being in the ice cream shop with them when they’d placed their orders.
“You know I did.”
Or was it normal? Was it standard protocol for a ‘no strings’ arrangement like theirs?
Nobody chose Tony. Not once in his entire life. His own parents hadn’t loved him.
He wanted to, though. He really did.
his conscience taunted.
“I was jealous of Peggy,” Tony offered up as a peace offering.
She’d tried to jump into the water after him?
Take her fingerprints and arrest her? No wonder those two got along.
Tony blinked.
He tried to kick out with his legs—tried to swim towards the edge of the pool—but he couldn’t move. Ohgodohgodohgod, why couldn’t he move?
“You’re damn right it does.”
The alpha was there with Tony through it all, calling him “good boy” and lavishing him with praises. Guiding him through the storm.
Tony held himself in check until they’d reached the back of the waiting area—it was less crowded there and offered up a modicum of privacy—before rounding on Steve incredulously, “Care to clue me in on what you were thinking back there, hotshot? Cause I’m
But he couldn’t.
“Can I get you anything?” Steve spoke up. “A snack or a drink? I always see you with a coffee in your hand at the pool.”
He needily parted his lips, inviting Steve to kiss him harder. Deeper.
, Tony thought, with a sharp spike of guilt.
Steve drew back, blue eyes sharpening. “That didn’t look fine to me.”
“Tones, man,” Rhodey said, “your neck is starting to burn. You should move into the shade.”
“Breathe, baby. Breathe,” Steve’s voice chased away the memories. Quickly catching on that something was wrong, the alpha had disengaged, his hands moving to Tony’s shoulders. “How can I help? Tell me what you need from me right now.”
“Aren’t you naturally a finely tuned athletic machine? I didn’t think alphas needed to work at staying fit.”
Tony had never sucked face with someone so much in his life. His lips were in danger of getting chafed and falling off. And still, he wanted more.
Steve had gone to stand by the counter, leaving a fair bit of distance between them that was still somehow too intimately close. He crossed his arms over his big chest, shifted a bit, then immediately uncrossed them again. His plate remained untouched beside him.
The alpha looked like Tony only need say the word and Obadiah Stane would be wiped from the face of the earth.
“Smell me,” he said frantically, once they were a safe enough distance away. Peering around Darcy’s shoulder, he snuck a glance back at the man. Luckily, the blond’s attention was already off of them. The alpha was blowing his whistle at two kids who were wrestling in the pool.
As of now, Rhodey was the only alpha permitted entrance between those four walls. Tony had always assumed that’s the way it would stay.
“They grow up so fast,” Darcy pretended to be choked up, sniffling. “Congratulations on leveling up from eighteen, Steve-O. You’re officially too old for me to refer to as barely legal. We love to see it.”
“Sit down,” Steve instructed, going into Protective-Alpha Mode. “You’re having another panic attack. Do you remember the breathing exercise I taught you last time?”
“It’s alright, Natasha. I’m safe. I’ve conquered swimming. I’ve taken to the water like...well, like a fish to water. Ask our friendly neighborhood lifeguard. He knows.”
“Hey,” Tony mumbled back.
True to his word, the alpha had called Tony early the next afternoon. The teen wasted no time pressing for details on when they could see each other again. And, true to
He needed to change the subject – quick. “What about you? Any goals? Aspirations?”
He didn’t know what to make of it, but he didn’t think he liked it.
However, he figured he deserved a little liquid oblivion.
“All set,” Tony replied quickly, ready to get out of there.
Absolutely nothing.
The bacon was slightly charred but no less edible. The eggs were perfect with flowing, golden yolk, and the toast was buttery and crisp.
Okay, wow. He’d actually agreed. Though, suddenly, Tony wasn’t so sure if that was a good thing or not. Was he ready for this much physical nearness with Steve?
“Just you.”
to go there?
“From what you’ve told me about your past,” Steve stated gutturally, “it doesn’t make you a bad person for not wanting to have that bastard’s baby. You were a victim.
It was the rude awakening Tony had needed. He’d been getting carried away. Forgetting the rules he’d laid out. No strings attached, that was the deal.
Fighting down the absurd sensation that he’d been sent back in time and was being courted by the high school prom king, Tony clasped onto Steve’s wrist. His fingers weren’t able to encircle it and he was struck, once again, by how ridiculously outmatched he was, especially now that they were almost side by side and Tony was stuck comparing his baggy, nothing-special Scorpions tee and black swim trunks to Steve’s excruciating levels of lifeguard hotness.
“If you change your mind, if it becomes too much, you tell me,” the teen ordered gruffly.
Tony waited for Steve to enter his apartment, then slid inside, shutting the door behind them. Leaning back against the closed door, he tipped his head to look up at the teen.
alpha—was, against all odds, the best thing that had ever happened to him.
“I won’t.”
“And the robot beside you...you built that?”
Using his key to let himself into Rhodey’s, he waltzed into the living room. “Honey bear, I’m home.”
He’d never enjoyed the act of giving a blow job before.
With a single glance, he was done for.
“I don’t want to talk about him anymore,” Tony said, heart beating away like a humming bird’s wings. “Actually, I don’t want to talk at all.”
And then she’d taken it all away.
He hated the submissive nature of his desires. Hated that his heat could reduce him to a panting, begging mess.
“Are you happy, Nanny Tony?” Natasha asked.
Even now, he was masochistically hopeful. Part of him was willing to believe that she’d sought him out because she missed him and regretted her actions. That she was trying to repair their relationship.
Uh…that question felt like a trap. “It doesn’t
He could all but see his loneliness and self-isolation continuing to grow. Could see them putting down roots and spreading out before him like an endless eternity, suffocating him and draining the life from him, and suddenly, he couldn’t take it.
“M’bad. Technological difficulties—uh, message didn’t go through. Sorry ‘bout dragging you all the way out here, but our plans are still canceled. We’ll reschedule for a later date. Great. All settled. Bye now.”
Steve was drawing closer. His eyes were hot, intent. The sun lighting him up like some kind of golden god.
“Tony...” Jane sighed. “I know this is not what you want to hear, but...I think you’re better off choosing a time when it would be safe for you to stop taking your suppressants, rather than dealing with the unpredictable and very real liability of when or where they might stop working.”
Tony didn’t know how he managed the level of willpower required to extract himself from Steve’s arms, or how he made it back inside his apartment.
“He shouldn’t be allowed to pick on you.” Her face scrunched up in an angry frown. “You build me robots, and you read to me, and you’re funny, an’ you cut the crusts off my toast.”
“You watch Disney movies?” Tony blurted out. He wouldn’t have guessed that with the teen’s tough alpha jock image. Then again, at his age, he probably still watched Nickelodeon.
“Oh, I got it.” Darcy groaned. “Witness my not laughing.”
Yeah, that would not end well. Especially coming on the heels of his unfortunate revelation. If he was getting attached now, he didn’t even want to imagine how much a date would mess him up. His damned omega instincts would probably start hearing mating bells.
Something ugly flared in Brock’s eyes like he knew that Tony wasn’t being honest. He quickly smoothed it away with a smarmy grin. “Listen, I’ll just cut to the chase. My friend and I are bored and we couldn’t help noticing that you look bored too. I think we should all be bored together. Why don’t you and your female friend join us for a nice, relaxing swim?”
In. The. Middle. Of. The. Cafeteria.
"Are you afraid of snakes, good Captain?"
"It's not working?"
if you have an old lady friend who is over a hundred but still single, just tell them I'm allergic to cats."
“We both lost, Tony. And I’m sorry. Maybe if I had tried to contact you after Siberia, not just sending you a phone waiting for you to contact me, we’d-“
And he has none that he'd like to share with Rogers or Fury, so he decides to get it over with, even if - for obvious reasons - he'd like to keep it short.
"I can't just standby and watch you do this to yourself, but it's also isn't just about you," Rhodey told him.
"Should I tell them we broke up?" Thor inquired. "Because I couldn't keep my mouth shut, and it agitated you so?"
"Would it? Necessarily ruin everything?" Tony could only wonder out loud.
"Not?" Tony raised an eyebrow.
"I'm referring to how you've said how the kiss between you and Mr. Barnes didn't mean anything. You've used a construct that indicates the exact opposite. And monitoring your heart rate, tone, pitch, and average sentence length, as well as body language for the last couple of months, establishing a baseline, there is little to no chance I'm mistaken."
"Tony, you're making an ass of yourself, and I say this as your friend."
“You could help me pick more people. And speaking of picking… I’ve narrowed down our list of names for the pups as well, you wanna hear?”
And while logically Steve could accept maybe that wasn't a reason, emotionally, he felt like he became someone else after the Serum (even if not Red Skull territory), maybe also too complacent with all the power he had that was enough for a while but nothing against Thanos and... he also felt like he betrayed some of his core beliefs when he divided the team for Bucky, even if he wouldn't let any of his friends be killed on any given day.
"Alright, but once the baby is born, you'll leave the child with me, and never come back. Swear it on your magic."
"Then you're gonna love this even more, and we can always upgrade it as you see fit," he wouldn't have believed once he'd have to sell his creations to anyone. "I couldn't help but notice you drag your left side when you're tired and this prototype is lighter."
"Actually, about that," Stark spoke up. "And I can hear myself when I'm suggesting this, but maybe we could all work together. I mean sure, we could go back, and wait for Thanos to find us once again, or we could take the fight to him. Between Underoos, Mikey, the Good Doctor, the sorry excuse of a god and me, I think we could-"
This chapter turned out a bit longer than expected. But I hope you guys won't find it too long!
"Yes. Geniuses tend to change the world, but that change often skyrockets if they aren't working alone," Loki said, and Tony just smiled.
"I'm a dark magician, so I can use dark thoughts, moods, and general energy to do things mortals can't," Loki started.
Quill wondered how Yondu managed to get him there at all. Usually, his adoptive father and he went from one crappier place to an even crappier one, and only stayed as long as it took for Yondu to con all the locals he could out of their money, then when they begin to suspect, it was time to move again.
“Let’s find out?” Steve meekly suggested.
"I'm a 94, from Brooklyn, and I used to be allergic to cats. Well, any pet with fur, really, but-" the Captain disclosed, making Loki interject.
It was unlike for a kitten to roll his eyes, so Loki couldn't, but he settled in Steve's lap instead, which basically meant he wanted to be petted instead of listening to Thor's bullshit any further.
"I know I'm only here because Steve threatened to leave otherwise."
"But you still didn't look for me when you were free of Hydra. It took me years to find you, and only managed because a friend of mine who is a telepath offered to help."
"I'm guessing the only question is... is it true?" Strange asked him. "Could there be a version of a future where you and I actually get along?"
"Oh my dear god, you both are her parents," Stark managed to piece it together. "And now I can't help but picture how that happened."
"I'm not straight either, Buck," Steve announced, as if just by saying that he could will it to be true.
Steve was torn between entertained and thinking this had to be a record even for Tony when Bucky suddenly switched the topic.
"What happened?" Loki asked, and was alarmed when he saw that Banner was hurt.
"Promise. And Barnes, you're welcome once again to my workshop," Tony turned to the Bucky. "If you still want to visit, that is."
"How could I forget? I look great. Maybe we should take it, and you should use this at work, just so everyone knows who I am."
Centuries had passed, and Loki hid away as a traveling healer (now that he realized that his magic wasn't wreaked but overflowing, so he had to give some away of it constantly to not make himself sick with too much) until Thor sent a messenger.
“I’d take that as a yes. Do you want something to eat?”
But hearing that, Steve only shook his head and looked more miserable.
"Why aren't you dressed? Where is your tux? We're already running late because of Mantis," she only said.
"Even if you were mind-washed again, I'd stop you. And if you did something horrible, I'd fix it, just as I talked with Tony, and he doesn't blame you for his parent's death. But I.. after Peggy, I don't want to lose you too. And not because of a fight or old age, but because we just... might end up drifting away from each other. Maybe we already have."
"I'm still waiting for a name, and I'm not known for my patience."
"Even if you're right, and you're sorry little existence matters somewhat, it still doesn't explain why I got cursed this way," Loki was frustrated because the mortal's explanation made too much sense.
In any capacity he could, even if for him it only meant that he joined both Thor and the Guardians and tried (and sometimes failed) to instruct them to fight with some sort of strategy, coordinating mostly from onboard the Benatar.
"This means I finally earn that twenty thousand credit from Nebula and thirty more from Quill," Rocket interrupted. "And that if Thor doesn't come to collect his stuff in the next 10 minutes, we're leaving with Stormbreaker and everything he owns."
"It's only fair, just make it quick," Fury rolls his eyes, while Phil clumsily stands.
"I also have a report of a couple of pages here, going into the trends on your profiles and people's perception of them, with more details, should you want to take a look," Coulson's all too happy to finally be done with the meeting now, handing the pages over to Rogers. "Just... be careful, if you're trying something new, to not overdo that either."
"But it does. There is a scenario where that's the only thing that matters," Steve said, and Tony could feel Bucky tense up as Cap was looking at him. "If there is something mutual between you two, and I should just take a step back."
"It's not funny, Tony. It really isn't," Steve warned. Suggesting to an Omega that he should top and Alpha as part of a hilarious joke was not just teasing but cruel.
"Except, I wouldn't get squished, I'd be like a super-hero, helping everyone out," Rhodey said.
"Huh, are you sure I wasn't just trying to do the right thing for once?" Loki didn't like how pathetic the Captain made him sound.
Although, when a little better, Loki could send out clones of himself to spy on the Midgardians to pass the time (it started with Thor, but as time passed, he was bored, and it was better than the so-called television), and one of the humans was less of a joke than the others.
Maybe he was bored on this simple planet, suddenly finding the case of Barnes so interesting. Or, maybe he wondered how much a person can be conditioned to do anything that isn't in his nature - after all, Odin had been raising Loki as if he was an Aesir when he wasn't.
"Ah, do you want me so badly in your bed, Doctor? You sure sound like it."
"Don't. The coach will kill both of you if he hears his players got into a fight. And if he hurts you, I'll join too, and the coach will definitely hear it from someone."
"You didn't quite fall for that, did you," Cap then relaxes into a shy smile then. "I thought I'd try to channel Bucky a bit, but you're right, and I'm more likely to date a 70-year-old woman unintentionally than someone I'd like to."
"Still, may I suggest some cooperation?" Loki tried. "Ebony might not be the brightest, but he has powers."
But he's also restless. When he was a freshman, there were a lot of clubs he wanted to try, and everything seemed so cool, but now, he can't find his place anywhere, and nothing seems to fit.
Also, the Captain started showing him off. He only took Loki to the kitchen after Loki was mostly healed, and to show him what other options Loki had besides the usual milk to eat, but when the one called Natasha seemed to be charmed by Loki, Steve would often take Loki to Team meetings and events like the Avengers all watching ridiculous moving pictures together.
"For someone who is supposed to be the Liesmith, you're a surprisingly terrible liar," Banner said. "And don't you think I know why you're saying that?"
Steve could only groan when he saw himself photoshopped into a picture where he was indeed holding a kitten.
"You hear that, Buck? I've lost my touch," Loki noted, now glad he agreed to visit Midgard.
Little did he know, that in the 21st century,
Also, Quill hid away if Ronan was looking for him, and most of the time got away with it.
"And now you're just calling me stupid. I thought you insisted I come along on this mission because you thought I could be useful, so let me do that. Be useful?"
"They'd considered pulling me out of school," Rocket told them when he was back. "But this is one of the best schools in the state, and it would be very inconvenient to move now, when I'd been already accepted to a college that's far away from all of you, so. I can't go to prom, though."
"Yes."
"Look, I like this. But I meant what I've said, and if we were to have sex, I don't want it to be just because you're emotional. And/or still hurt. I'm not the one-night-stand kind of a guy."
It was just dumb luck that when Tony broke the piano Rhodey was out, so he wouldn't figure how it happened, but he was suspicious, at least.
"Exactly."
So it was only wise to not risk everything he'd finally found by a relationship that might just devastate him later, right? The last thing he needed was a shove toward the abyss while he was already doing a balancing act.
"Also, is this something you wear often, Steve?"
Spoiler alert ---> this chapter is Bucky's, next will be Tony's turn (where we also finally get to see why linguistics will be Tony's downfall, I'm so looking forward to that, hahah), and you can figure out who's the last.
“You’re turning my words inside out. I thought you were supposed to be on my side!” it wasn’t how Tony ever addressed an Alpha. “Obi provides for me just perfectly…”
"I did say I'm planning to get you back for it," Tony said. "And don't worry, I'll complain when I don't like something. Loudly. And maybe even try to annoy you ever so slightly, once you're better, and stuff you can't even imagine right now, because you've never met Tony the Vicious Avenger before... but I'm more intelligent than basically kicking myself in the nuts as well by breaking up the arrangement that worked so well in the past for both of us, whether I knew about it or not."
"And tell me," Steve asked. "Did your brother take many lovers?"
"Thank you," Steve knew it was meant to be high praise, not an insult.
"You! Answer me. What is this?" Loki demanded from the mortal. "How do I undo this?"
"Come on, it's nothing, we both know how little a kiss means to Tony of all people. Before you, he used to have a different woman joining him every night."
Especially with Steve getting closer than ever to him, without a clue how it affected his supposedly best friend.
"Wait, so you're trying to say that you'd carried me from the battlefield straight to your bed, getting me naked while nobody knows I'm here?" Loki twisted it and noticed a faint blush creeping up on the Captain's cheek.
"Except you don't. Not really," Barnes looked at him. "And you only grabbed me last week because the only other person present would have been Steve, and you couldn't risk him finding out first-hand just how much of an effect he has on you."
"I'm not spending the night here."
" Loki tried his best to both look and sound credible, knowing all too well that they had an audience. "I still remember, it was the first thing that I liked about you. Too bad it's over forever, and this reality can never-ever come true."
“WHAT?!” Tony couldn’t believe it, so he turned to the taxi driver. “Stop the car! Right now!”
"I've sent Steve away, he doesn't need to know just yet, and if this works and you'll live for it to be relevant, you owe him an explanation anyway," Loki was impatient. Barnes still wasn't leaching on him just then, as if it was Loki who only had minutes left.
"What does that mean?"
"You have a strong jaw, it seems."
"As if you were ever..." Bucky started, but then realized they were in public and how Loki might not want for everyone to know, but it was too late.
"If this is the part where you tell me there's also still a chance for me, Captain, that's where you're wrong," Thor told him. "You know what? I don't care about the Time Heist at all. My soul-marked, my family, my friends, so many of my people, and even my insufferable little brother were all killed before the Snap. I'm still doomed, even if we succeed, so I don't care. And that only showcases exactly why I'm not worthy of Mjolnir anymore, and why I'll never be again."
"See? That's why I don't talk," Groot winked at Quill and truly didn't speak after, while Rocket kept ranting on about everything and anything, and somehow...
"Yeah, because on a scale of one to ten, I'm a 4, and you're like a 13, and if we add the digits together, they are the same," Phil hates to grade people, but he also dislikes whatever this is.
"What is the ultimate Turing test for a synthezoid?"
"Let me leave. Before we both say or do something we regret."
“And what is that?”
"So, should I take a look at how you're doing?"
"I'm sure Dum-E would put the fire out," he still heard.
"Whatever, we don't have time to argue," Gamora said. "And if Rocket was ever your friend, you owe him one good night after the hell he's been through because of you."
"Loki, if you think your tricks will get you out of this one, you're mistaken," Thor tried to make him stand, but that was when the contractions hit.
Oh, and I looked, and there's a Jade in Marvel, but this Jade isn't her, they just share a name. XOXO
"Um, like you've never snuck out on your window or something?" Quill told her, but when he could tell she didn't, and he looked around, and all of their faces were blank, he supposed there was some advantage of not growing up as a rich kid, after all. "I'll teach you. All of you. And your sex lives can thank me later."
"Go ahead, I think we'll both get a chance to try anyway," Steve grinned, suddenly enjoying this way too much, making Bucky chuckle, and inspiring Tony to add.
"Of course, in my spare time, I'm not always just a coach. I help set up weapons capable of mass murder, but only because I believe there are aliens who might get us one day, and I want to protect Earth," Fury tells him, but Coulson isn't exactly listening.
"Let's not tell him that," Strange decided. There was some hope for them just yet, maybe, if they played it right. "It's better if he isn't self-conscious about his magic, or we're just as much in deep shit as you've said."
"You'd see. I'm a monster," Barnes said, barely audible.
"I was going to say unlucky. In some aspects."
"Life often doesn't make sense."
And at first, when Barnes' eyes popped open again, he only grabbed Loki's wrist tighter, instinct taking over, but that didn't last.
"I can tell you're dating one of them, but I can't protect you if I don't know who. So which one?"
"And where do you get the behavior patterns?"
Even Jimmy just notes that it was about time that Coulson moved on from their failed relationship as if nobody considered that Phil might just not date Steve.
Even forever as a mortal was significantly different, after all, and if he was frank, he liked his mind too much to surrender it to the Hulk from time to time.
"How about something like a puppy? Please?"
He doesn't have any, but that also gives him an idea later on.
He helped out some elderly people who had lost their only relatives with small chores, worked at a hospital part-time, and took over the group Sam used to lead.
"For the record, it all started when you tried to leave the room," Steve pointed out. "So what are we supposed to do now?"
Thank you all for reading! XOXO
"Wouldn't you like to know, SuperKick," Tony finally said, and that at least got Rhodey smiling.
Finding out that the Quinjet wasn't operational anymore because the scavengers took it apart for parts, while Valkyrie turned him down, and then the Grandmaster noticed that his beloved Champion was gone wasn't exactly as planned, nor when Loki offered his help, and finally only tried to trick him again.
"We helped him climb in through the ladies' window! With the secret sneaking skill you taught us, Quill!" she seemed so proud too, Quill didn't have the heart to note that there was nothing secret about climbing things. "So now
Little did he know that the Nest, collar, and his healing machine were bought by Alphas who badly mistreated their Omegas, and in fear of the OSP (Omega Society Protectors) persecuting them, quickly wanted to make their Omega’s condition look better (at the first glance at least).
"So, in a nutshell, of all the people around you, I was the most pathetic, and you decided-" Tony started, but Loki quickly corrected.
Now, though, Phil wants something more. Maybe his muse is gone, remembering why he started the newspaper in the first place, dragging it out of the obscure paper-based solution the school had before but nobody read. But he can't seem to care any better about any topic to write about than he cares about the rest of the clubs there are in school.
"Well, I think I've told you everything I could, and I wouldn't begin to presume I know what kind of prejudice the Midgardians have for two men in a relationship," Thor said. "But, as a wise man once said, 'it's a decision'. And I'm rephrasing here, but if you want something else, and you aren't happy, and you might think you'd be more so with me, then you know where to find me."
"Well, neither am I, so don't look at me," Steve told him without missing a beat.
"Wait wait wait, I don't want any trouble," Loki put his palms up as he saw a human do it once. "At this moment, I think I'm here exactly why you two are."
Except, somehow that is only the beginning of Steve making plans for the both of them, and while it's not a big deal, it suddenly turns out to be when Steve doesn't just kiss him goodbye one night but also asks.
Which, in turn, made both Pepper and Bruce secretly bring ice cream to him, and Loki wanted to tell them he was fine - Asgard didn't have such an overly sweet cuisine anyway - but he also discovered that Midgardians didn't eat ice cream alone, and he enjoyed the talks they had thanks to it. Not to mention how Steve always ate any ice cream Loki would leave because his metabolism was fast enough that he needed the calories.
"No, I'm going to be very busy soon. I'm just a sucker for superheroes, and man if Colonel Rhodes doesn't look sharp in that uniform," he said, not expecting the mics to pick up on that, already making his way to Rhodey who was making his way to the exit.
"Okay, you're right. I had ulterior motives," Loki admitted. "But if we're being honest, I'd let you know, I'd
"It's not..."
"Now, now, you'll have to take me on many-many dates before I even consider doing anything like that with a mortal."
"You heard him, now could we start?" Fury nods at him, and Phil supposes that's a sign he didn't mess it up badly - even though with Rogers around, Coulson doesn't exactly feel like himself. "Pretty pretty please?"
"No. Never gonna happen."
"But you love it."
"You forget, I also had Loki for a brother," Thor smiled. "But I can't just leave now without asking first. If you could perhaps change your mind about it if I stayed. I know I'm nothing like your beloved Margaret, and you aren't like Lady Sif either, but I also tend to think that's a good thing."
Steve didn't wear the filters but took the medication so he wouldn't go in Heat. Sometimes he still felt surreal. He would walk into a room that was full of people and expect to find nobody there because there weren't any scents.
she’d scolded him.
Steve dropped his hand, hurt.
of handing me over to another alpha? You can’t honestly expect I’d agree to this.”
“I-I’m back. I’m good. False alarm.” Lust reignited his blood and—before he could become too gun-shy—he wrapped his fingers around the crown of the alpha’s cock. They were nowhere near successful at fully encircling it.
It couldn’t be true. It was too cruel to be true. Because how was he supposed to return to the life he’d had before Steve after losing the best thing that had ever happened to him?
He needed it. Needed to drive out the memories playing behind his eyelids before they finished breaking what was left of him.
Or maybe their baby would take after Tony. Maybe they’d have a chubby little infant with dark brown hair and dark eyes.
When Tony stiffened suspiciously, Steve added, “I’m not…uh…I’m not asking for anything else. I just want to hold your hand.”
Rhodey climbed to his feet behind him, hovering over Tony as if he was a hired bodyguard.
“Nanny Tony?”
“You know he’s annoyed if he’s busting out the third person,” Darcy snickered.
“Oh, I read that,” Tony nodded. “It was almost as embarrassing as the stuff Hammer Industries publishes.”
Guilty as charged. Giving Steve a hard time was one of his favorite new hobbies.
Tony stroked a finger down the grayscale image of her shadowy outline.
Nat’s behavior obviously had to do with the fact that he’d drowned. That she’d been forced to watch as Brock and his goon had targeted him. He should’ve picked up on it sooner. She’d been acting out more and more since that fateful day at the pool.
He’d loathed whenever Obie had scent marked him.
He swore he could feel his heart pounding harder with every step he took towards the building. It practically jumped out of his chest as they walked through the door.
“I know you need t’ go. Leave.”
“Maybe not beer pong.” Jane’s gaze briefly flitted to the under 21-year-old at the table. “We can do yard pong. Or lawn darts. We have the right amount of people to play in teams of two.”
And then it was revealed: the catch. The true motivation behind her visit.
“Tony,” Bruce said in a small, lost voice as he blinked rapidly. “I can’t see. I need my glasses.” His IQ often made him come off as older then he was, but right now it was heartbreakingly obvious that he was still just a kid.
And did Steve even
It was slow, and lingering, and so achingly perfect he knew he’d never be the same again.
“Don’t touch that!” Tony shouted desperately.
“What a congenial lady,” Tony remarked sarcastically once the beta was out of earshot. “Something tells me she’s not your favorite person.”
“It’s hypo
“Put your hands up!” Bucky yelled.
He’d never stopped wishing for that first version of his mom back. Had never stopped searching for her in the distant, unrecognizable parent she’d become.
happening...but I regret pushing you if you weren’t ready. I feel like a bastard for making you run.”
“It’s because I know how to embrace my man pain. My man pain and I have become one,” Steve deadpanned with a completely straight face.
He walked over to his waste bin and held the drawing out over it, but his fingers wouldn’t let the paper go.
The comment produced the desired result. Steve’s blush intensified.
The kit, amongst other things, had a ton of multicolored bandages inside. He let Natasha pick out her favorite one and then distracted her with jokes while he sprayed her cut with Neosporin. Before long, all traces of her tears were gone.
How fucked up did he have to be to cast a 19-year-old in the role of the father of his children? Steve had a whole life to live before kids entered into the equation. He didn’t need his college years bogged down with dirty diapers.
“We weren’t formally introduced,” Rhodey replied impassively.
“He’s fine,” Darcy answered for him. “He just seems to have caught a case of the klutz. Right, Tones?”
It didn’t matter. His mother showed no reaction to his comment. She’d long mastered the skill of selective hearing. She didn’t acknowledge anything that didn’t fit her desired narrative.
His instincts freaked out, panicking over the thought of the alpha abandoning him.
“How are you so good at this?” Steve groused at Tony with good-humored wryness, his voice that of an athlete who wasn’t used to lagging behind.
And the only person who made him want to start opening up again—who made him feel
Holy hell. He was touching Steve’s dick.
“Thank you, Nanny Tony.” She smiled angelically and stuck a spoonful into her mouth. One of her creepy American Girl dolls was perched on the table next to her. Nat had mutilated the poor thing almost beyond recognition. It had an eye missing, half of its hair had been ripped out, and it was covered in scorch marks, but she still refused to part with it. Its lone, remaining eye seemed to follow Tony wherever he went, as if silently begging to be put out of its misery. He couldn’t decide whether it was cute or harrowing when Nat lifted a spoon to its mouth and pretended to feed it. “Berries are full of antioxidants,” she told the doll.
Surging forwards, Tony grabbed the startled alpha by the collar of his shirt, pulling Steve’s mouth down onto his. “Touch me,” he gasped into the kiss.
As it was, Tony was already having to physically restrain himself from responding to the insane levels of dominance in the air. The only reason he wasn’t falling to his knees and displaying his throat right now was because he was pretty sure Steve’s anger wasn’t really directed at him.
“Jesus, Steve.”
“Cavorting around town, huh?” Steve’s mouth was tugging up in that fond smile Tony had so desperately missed. “Does that mean you’re finally gonna let me take you out?”
A small, sheepish blush crept along the tops of Steve’s cheekbones. “Can I hold your hand again?”
“Not like that. Like this.” Steve ducked down and stole a kiss, his tongue sweeping Tony’s mouth.
Oh. Right. He was covered in Steve’s scent
The beeping in the hospital grew louder.
The beta’s left eye was purpled and swollen shut, there was a gash on his cheek, and he was sporting a painful looking split lip. He had been in the process of lighting a cigarette, but as soon as he’d caught sight of Tony, his jaw had gone slack and he’d turned whiter than a sheet, causing the cigarette dangling from his mouth to drop dramatically and almost comically to the ground.
Okay, now would be the time to say something—to mention that the teen’s advances weren’t appropriate. He highly doubted that Steve would be crushed by the rejection. The teen would probably shrug it off and move onto one of his many admirers faster than Tony could spell motherboard. Scoffing, Tony pulled his gaze away from Steve and stared off into the horizon instead. “I’m sorry to break it to you, but you have terrible taste.”
But he wasn’t willing to cut off contact with Steve, either. He was damned if he did, damned if he didn’t.
He almost couldn’t believe it, but he could see that Steve absolutely meant it. If Tony gave the order, the teenager would back off once and for all.
. He’d created a horny monster.
And, dammit, Tony hated how it felt to disappoint him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sure.” He watched her skip off.
He knew that his lack of oxygen, and the accumulating levels of carbon dioxide in his blood, would rapidly lead to him losing consciousness. He knew that his heart would struggle, becoming less and less effective at pumping blood throughout his body, until it eventually stopped.
Rhodey had appointed himself the role of looking out for Tony ever since they were children. He held himself responsible for not being able to spare Tony from Obie. There hadn’t been anything he could’ve done, but that didn’t stop Rhodes from blaming himself anyway. His oldest friend was very much of a ‘over my dead body' mindset when it came to Tony ending up with an alpha like Obie again.
There’d also been the matter of his uncomfortably wet clothes. And because the universe did so love to rub salt into his wounds, he ended up having to change into the grey sweats pants and hoodie Steve kept in his locker. The track clothes were oversized enough as to be pajamas and they smelled like Steve, like
“I call him lots of things. That’s very on brand for me. But, no, we’re just friends. Bros. Hombres. Frères.” He motioned towards Rhodey. “Back me up here.”
“Last time we were here, did I do something wrong? You didn’t want to—not that you always have to, uh, be in the mood to fool around, but...was it something I did?”
Tony had the feeling that Steve would only get more handsome and more magnetic as he got older. He was the type who’d look extra rakish and appealing with some friendly crinkles under his eyes and a hint of smile lines.
Flipping open the lid on his laptop, the man began to inspect it for himself.
doing here?” he sputtered.
“Remember when you chased Mr. Modok around the school with your hover car and he nearly pissed himself because he thought some secret high-tech branch of the government was after him?” Rhodey chuckled.
“That I hafta be careful with it ‘cause it’s messy,” she said guiltily. Her lower lip trembled. “Are you going to take it away from me?”
Tearing his attention away from the bot, Steve switched the full power of his gaze to Tony. “Babe, '' he said, blue eyes conveying so much happiness, wonder, and admiration that Tony immediately became warm all over, “you built me a talking robot. ‘Approve’ isn’t a strong enough word. This is the coolest thing anyone’s ever done for me.”
“...Good for her?”
He wouldn’t live through it this time. There’d be nothing left of him.
, Tony’s brain shouted.
“No, no, no.” Tony’s voice was edged with hysteria. He had no idea what he was saying. “I d-don’t want—please—stay away.”
This was going to be a
“I understand,” he said solemnly, like the persuasive power of ice cream and sprinkles was simply too much for any one child to resist.
But the sound wasn’t coming from him. It was coming from Steve. Deep and rolling, vibrating through the teen’s chest.
Tony bristled at the teenager’s attempt to lay a claim on him. “Only if that goes both ways, buddy.”
His skin had crawled when he’d seen that the main doctor was a beta male—male doctors had a habit of getting too handsy and asking wildly invasive questions, and that was talking best case scenario—but the man had been nothing but professional.
“Yeah...I probably shouldn't have done that. Father dearest had to open his wallet and bribe the school board with a ‘charitable donation’ to keep me from getting expelled.”
Wrong.
“Tony? Hi, it’s Jane.”
It didn’t happen. The regret didn’t come.
“And I accept that.” Darcy stuck a straw into her lemon infused Sprite and took a sip. “Darcy logic is not meant for everyone.”
Steve broke into an ear-to-ear grin. “He talks?” he asked Tony, voice as excited as a little kid in a candy shop. “You’re building robots that talk now? Will he understand me if I answer him?” To the robot, “Hey, buddy, do you understand me?”
He kicked angrily at a rock with his shoe.
“It’s what I can afford,” he muttered.
He’d stared at it in the mirror for longer than he should have. When he’d pressed down on it, he’d gone instantly, painfully erect. His instincts had gone wild. A haze of lust overtook him, and before he knew it, he was coming into his fist, the name
A fresh sob threatened to climb from Tony’s throat.
The heat that flared to life in Steve’s eyes sent a shot of lust straight to Tony’s cock. Voice deep and husky, the alpha challenged, “Don’t we?”
Pulling out a chair for her, he motioned for her to sit down. “At least take a load off your feet.”
The teen went rigid. His eyes blackened and a pure alpha hunger seemed to possess them. “What?” he grated.
His experiences with Obie had left Tony with zero tolerance for possessive jealousy, but jealousy was an unavoidable human emotion. The emotion itself wasn’t the problem. How one responded to it was.
“Reel it in, Tonya Harding.” The thought of Steve being injured actually made his stomach hurt. “No kneecapping necessary. I mean it.”
“You’re still beautiful.”
Well, that hadn’t taken long, had it?
Yet, to his amazement, Steve didn’t even once glance her way.
“Sorry, fellas. I’m here in a strictly supervisory capacity. Maybe another time.”
He’d done the right thing by leaving yesterday. This confirmed it.
he reminded himself.
“I...I didn’t know if that was against your rules or not,” Steve said, sounding young and less sure all of a sudden. As if he was now the one wondering if he’d done something wrong. “I thought about buying you flowers...but I figured you wanted to keep tonight more casual.”
“For everything. For not telling you sooner. For playing some kind of stupid game, thinking it would make you like me. Love me. I was really fucking stupid, weren’t I? Thinking you could actually love me. For years.” Tony’s breath hitched. Steve saw one tear drip down his cheek, but he quickly wiped it away. “Yeah, sorry.”
“Guys, stop.” Tony said, his voice small. Steve knew he wanted to look strong, he knew that Tony hated it when his voice broke, he knew Tony hated crying. You don’t have to be that strong with me, Steve thought, I’ll always protect you. “Come on, what are you, fifth graders? Ransom, sit down.”
Steve’s first blow landed on Ransom’s nose, and Steve was sure even the bartender heard the cracking sound. Then, he landed another on his left cheek, grabbed his arm and turned Ransom around. He kicked him from behind, causing him to fall flat on his face. Ransom cried with pain, and attempted to get up. Steve let him. He wanted to have more fun.
And he’s never been happier.
He wakes up with morning wood and takes a really cold shower.
“Language,” he says.
Steve loses his lunch to the toilet.
Steve listened to the cruel silence. He hoped that Tony wasn’t kidding. He hoped that he knew what he was saying right now. Because those three words could simply stop his heart beating and his brain stop working. That three words were the only words Steve ever wanted to hear his whole life. And here they were.
, his twin brother had said, smirking the way Steve hated so damn much.
His baby blue suit had a burgundy tie, his favorite color mixing with Steve’s. The garden was decorated with forget-me-nots and red roses along baby’s breaths. Tony’s mother always said that flowers meant more than words, and kept a bouquet of purple myrtles and lavenders at the grand salon at all times. When she fought Howard, she filled the house with peonies, representing the anger deep in her soul. Or Tansies, if she was furious. Of course, Howard never understood any of those meanings, but his mom did. That’s what mattered. Tony looked at  the little honeysuckles that hanged from the walls of the mansion. That was their new home, the home he’ll live with Steve. His real home.
’. Tony looked at the forget-me-not at his breast pocket.
And now, Steve was leaning on the counter, with a shattering grip on his hand, his jaw clenching. He watched Ransom and Tony bid their farewells to the Rich Snob 1 and move on to Rich Snob 2, who was a very old man with a drinking problem. This night was going fan-fucking-tastic.
“I love you.” Steve told him.
“I first met Steve many, many years ago. We couldn’t even form sentences back then, but somehow, that punk became my best friend. He had a taste for fights. And lemme say, that wasn’t really ideal thinking he weighted less than a 4-year old when he was 8. So, I stuck around. And that was the best damn decision I’ve ever done in my whole goddamn life.” An elbow to the stomach. “Besides meeting Sam, light of my life.” Laughter.
Steve brings Tony a chicken and a tuna sandwich because he didn’t know what Tony would like. Tony silently thanks the man, ignoring the tears prickling at his eyes. He also tries to ignore how his name sounds on his tongue, but desperately fails.
Lots of people can’t pinpoint where they fall in love with their other half, but Steve can. It was this night.
“Yeah, and I was born yesterday,” the man says fondly, making his way over Steve. Steve’s breath hitches. “Well, uh, sorry. I probably shouldn’t have just dropped the movie like that on you, guess you were sensitive about that stuff in the past and all…”
His twin staggered and tried to land another blow on his face but Steve was quicker, he escaped the blow and elbowed Ransom’s head. Ransom yelled, and somebody else yelled too, but all Steve saw was Ransom, blood pouring out of his nose and ear, his pained expression, and...
“I’d prefer it to end.” Steve said, taking another sip from the expensive champagne. He needed something stronger, if he wanted to end the night with all Ransom’s teeth in their place. “Do you think they give out whiskeys in here?”
The first blow landed on Steve’s right cheek, and left a hot pain. Steve staggered a bit.
All the stolen kisses in front of cameras, the causal light groping that made Tony’s eyes go wide and oh, when he made that little squeal...
making explicit sounds in the process. His hands finds Tony’s waist, but Tony directs them to his ass, making Steve gasp.
It took him a moment to understand where he was, and a moment more to understand who was treating his wounds. It was the guy he’s been in love with for roughly 20 years, the guy he always spiraled back, and the guy he would always protect.
Rhodes whispered “I’m always here.” To Tony, and silently took his place beside him, next to Pepper. Tony smiled. The man that had been by his side since he was a crazy 5 year-old, trying to build empires from sandcastles. The man that saved him from an abusive relationship that almost got him killed, because he was the only one Tony ever told. The man that has been a brother, a father, a mother and a friend to Tony since Tony knew himself. Thank you, he mouthed, and felt a familiar ache on his nose, the one you get before you cry. He looked at his husband.  Steve looked...
“I could teach you,” Steve cut him off.
Bruce took his glasses and began drying the lenses on his shirt, immediately appearing calmer.
Tony was painfully aware how serious—and literal—that offer was. Brock was living proof.
Steve couldn’t just
How had his plans to give Steve a birthday present turned into Tony fucking things up royally? Leave it to him to make a mess out of the most innocuous situations.
If Steve saw the photo…
Tony would’ve stumbled if he hadn’t been standing still. “Wait, what?” What, what, what,
“Yeah.” There was a strange note of something deliberate in the alpha’s tone. “I’m sure.”
The ice-cold water had barely taken the edge off.
And then they were playing in the pool together – a friendship made, just like that. Maybe his job as a nanny was turning him into a softie, but Tony found it adorably wholesome. There was something to be said for the way young kids treated each other. They didn’t have any bullshit alpha/beta/omega dynamics getting in their way and complicating everything.
. He’d known Bucky would be the extra incentive that would get her on board.
If someone as good and kind as Steve believed that...then maybe there was a kernel of truth to it.
She must’ve seen his and Steve’s kiss.
It seemed unfathomably easy for the people around him to connect with each other. To let each other in. They were perfectly happy putting their hearts in somebody else’s hands, almost as if they didn’t realize that they were handing over the power to destroy them.
All that to say, Tony wasn’t the least bit surprised when Rhodey did not ixnay and proceeded to give Steve the third degree.
“I do,” Steve said, predictably adamant. That stubborn gleam was back in his eyes and Tony could all but see his resolution to cut off contact with the alpha falling apart. Especially when Steve next admitted, “I almost called you a dozen times this week. I’ve been trying to slow down, give you space. But I...I don’t like staying away. I miss you like crazy, babe.”
“Yep. Just what I thought,” Darcy continued, as Amara stomped huffily past them and back to her pool chair. “Denied. Ouch, that’s gotta hurt. Though, I’m not sure I can blame her. I’d probably try throwing myself at him too, if I thought he might catch me. That’s one hunka hunka burnin’ abs.”
. It clawed at him. Rattled the door he’d locked it behind.
He was saved by the bell—literally. Jane and Thor’s fancy doorbell chimed, loudly alerting the yard to a visitor.
Steve just shook his head at Tony’s nonsensical behavior and grinned, unbearably fond.
“I heard you the first time,” Tony wheezed, trying to hide a wince as he inhaled sharply through his still sore lungs.
“I’m getting ten scoops!” Bucky countered.
Rhodey kept giving Steve increasingly difficult passes, seemingly trying to weed out a flaw in his game. He was reluctantly impressed when Steve handled them all with ease. From that point on, he started asking Steve to perform more and more impossible feats to test his aim. First, Steve was expected to throw the ball through the tire swing hanging in the back of the yard. Then he was made to do it again while the swing was moving—without touching the rim. And then subsequently told to knock a beer can off the top of the swaying swing. After that, a beer can pyramid was set up, and Steve was tasked with hitting the top of the pyramid with his eyes closed. He pulled it all off without a hitch.
he wanted to demand, but he was afraid to know the answer. Instead, he bit the inside of his lip and said, “And, uh, Peggy? She’s pretty. Like really,
Tony really wished his stupid heart hadn’t stuttered at that statement. It was like the more alpha possessiveness Steve displayed, the more Tony’s twisted omega lizard brain liked it, no matter how much his rational, non-prehistoric brain said otherwise.
But when he finally climbed into his bed and succumbed to sleep, he did so without any of his usual nightmares finding him.
Thor glowered and yanked away Steve’s beer.
Steve let out a soft groan. “Don’t tell me that. Now I’m kicking myself. Why didn’t you say anything?”
Tony’s brain nearly blew a fuse.
Again, Tony sensed real anguish radiating from the teenager.
. Trying so hard to be gentle and careful with him.
“Not today,” she responded back from where she was seated at the table.
He might have to ask to see them some time. For research purposes, of course.
Tony managed a lazy grunt in reply. The hot afternoon sun was beaming down on him, making him not want to move. The material of his t-shirt felt stifling and was practically sticking to him. Not for the first time, he resented the fact that he was too fucked up to cool off in the water. He had to be the only loser who went to the pool and was too damn afraid to swim.
He couldn’t close himself off from it. Couldn’t turn himself cold in the face of such unconditional warmth.
Blushing, “Yes.”
Steve shrugged. “We can sit. Talk. Maybe you can tell me a little bit about why you don’t like the water. That is…uh,” his eyes darted to Tony, “if you’re ready.”
“PI-NING,” Darcy yelled after him as he headed across the yard towards the kids, because she was nothing if not the worst.
She was the face of some of his best and worst memories.
“You already paid for the cheeseburgers. Let me pay for the—”
“I don’t think anyone could ever really keep up with you, Tony. But I’ll watch all the old movies you want me to, if that’ll make you happy.”
Tony looked down. His Black Sabbath T was soaked and clinging to his rather unimpressive chest. He wrung out some of the water, then followed after Steve as if his legs had a mind of their own, his heart pounding erratically.
The most gorgeous, capital ‘A’ alpha Tony had ever met actually
(See the end of the chapter for
It was three in the morning when Steve finally escorted Tony to his door.
“Relax,” Steve said gently. “We’re not going in the water today.”
He was positioned over Tony on the bed; a huge, broad-shouldered wall of smoldering alpha intensity. His eyes drank Tony in, looking his fill.
Steve rolled off him and got up from the bed. “Be right back, baby.”
Tony’s back hit the wall of the equipment room. Steve brought a hand up beside his head, penning him in with over 200 pounds of formidable alpha male. An alpha that was still bare chested and almost naked except for the damp swimming trunks clinging to his very muscular thighs.
Maybe here, with Steve, that nature didn’t have to be such a bad thing.
And he appeared none too happy to find Tony all over Rhodey.
‘Too’ Steve had said. He didn’t want to replace Rhodey or take anything away from Tony.
The thing was, Tony usually hated how he looked. As a male omega, he was severely limited in his ability to develop muscle and was incapable of growing facial hair. He was a skinnier, weaker, shorter version of his father. Every time he looked in the mirror, Howard’s features stared right back at him, mocking him. Reminding him that he’d never be good enough. That he’d never amount to anything.
He recovered his bravado before she could sense something was wrong. “I’d be happier if I was swimming right now.”
“Just do it.”
work? How did that make any sense at all?
wearing his clothes. The evidence wasn’t really stacked in his favor.
. “Well, see, it depends on how you define ‘swim’. Could I do a triple backflip off a diving board? Probably not. But the front crawl doesn’t look very hard to master. And I’m sure I could perfect a mean doggy paddle if I—”
As an alpha, Steve was probably the apple of his mother’s and father’s eye. Their golden child who could do no wrong. Tony pictured them all living together like one big, happy
Steve was continuing to be the exception to his every rule. There seemed to be almost no limit on what Tony would share with him.
“You don’t understand. I’need it.”
Steve had also made these past few weeks better. More interesting. More exhilarating. Less lonely.
Very few alphas would allow a warm, slick omega to sit there and leak pheromones all over them like this and then expect nothing in return but a cheap cuddle. The windows weren’t even open, for god’s sake. His damn pheromones were hotboxing his apartment.
He’d make a terrible parent. Especially after seeing the hatchet job done by his own. He’d been raised on poison and neglect, and now it had him so twisted inside, he was scared he wouldn’t know how to raise a child any differently. He didn’t want to continue the cycle. Didn’t want to do what his parents had done to him.
Tony nodded.
Before he could finish sinking into a deep depression, a wonderfully unexpected smell interrupted his thoughts. Bacon. And coffee.
“Baseball doesn’t have periods, babe,” Steve chuckled. “It’s got innings. You’re thinking of ice hockey.”
Knowing that he shouldn't, Tony lifted his head and peeked at the alpha. His eyes immediately locked with Steve’s, making Tony’s stomach bottom out and his mouth go dry. God, the alpha
He wasn’t entirely sure how much ‘killing him’ was hyperbole or not.
“Why?”
The robot’s lights flickered off and he powered down into rest mode.
. “And, uh, exactly how many 27-year-old nannies who build robots do you know?” Maybe he’d get lucky and Steve would magically be talking about someone else.
Steve’s huge, football player shoulders hunched. “Does it bother you that I’m younger?” he asked.
Stuffing his wallet back into his pocket, Tony adjusted his black cap over his eyes. He had to meet Steve at the pool in 20 minutes. The teenager had asked him out for a second time—Steve wanted to take him somewhere to eat—and Tony hadn’t really given him a definitive answer yet. He was obviously going to say no…but, well, he just hadn’t gotten around to it yet. For reasons that he was in no way starting to waver on.
Tony’s apartment—namely, his workshop—was his safe haven.
But his mom didn’t do real emotion. Real emotion was messy and Maria refused to talk about anything that didn’t serve to keep up appearances or earn her prestige.
Instead of being helpful and not escalating things with Rhodey, the teen got all cocky, pushed into Rhodey’s space, and said, “I’d like to see you try it. We’ll go a few rounds. I guarantee you won’t like the outcome.”
“Sir. Yes, sir,” he mock saluted the alpha. But he also sort of meant it, too, because he’d seen what happened to people who got on Steve’s bad side, and he felt a little sorry for anyone stupid enough to ‘take it up’ with him. “Let’s get this show on the road.”
The kids did as instructed and then hightailed it into the living room, arguing over who was better at playing Nick Fury: Agent of SHIELD.
“Let’s tropic while it’s hot!”
They were gravitating towards each other, like they were no longer capable of staying apart.
He’d rather have Steve for a few months than never at all.
Something else was clearly going on here. She almost never wanted to eat anymore. Even bribing her with McDonald’s yesterday had barely worked. Was she coming down with the flu? “Are you feeling sick, pumpkin? Is there a reason you keep refusing to eat?”
An excruciatingly long second passed by.
“I’ll take that as a yes. Did your symptoms start around the same time you met this new alpha?” Jane pushed on professionally.
Tensing, Tony jolted to wakefulness. Steve hadn’t asked to stay before, though he’d often given off signals indicating that he’d wished to.
Not fair. Steve was bringing out the big guns. Those damned blue puppy eyes were lethal weapons.
Everyone looked incredibly tense and on edge even though their faces were awash with relief.
Tony blinked, still bewildered by how easily the alpha had railroaded their phone call. “Do you want to go to the park to see Bucky?”
Rhodey paused, digesting that. “He really saved you?”
Another awful thought occurred to him. What if
“Alright,” he took Nat’s hand. “Let’s go talk to the lifeguard.”
“Okay,” Steve repeated just as quickly.
something like that.
“I’ve made it 27 years without knowing how to swim. I’m confident I can make it 27 more.”
Did the teen have any idea what he was offering?
And in that moment, Tony believed him. The alpha looked as implacable and unmovable as Mount Rushmore.
“Black is fine.” Tony was having a hard time absorbing the fact that an alpha was actually serving him a drink. He was used to it being the other way around—used to alphas ordering
“Yeah. Hold on.” Steve’s arms flexed as he grabbed the first aid kit from where it was hooked on the side of his chair. “Here.”
“Don’t use my own words against me.”
Anything could’ve been done to it.
Maybe he didn’t need to fight so hard against his instincts.
“Really.” Unless Steve was the best actor in the world, the sincerity in his voice was unmistakable. He wasn’t saying it to placate Tony or because he felt sorry for him. Steve believed it.
“That’s it, baby.” Three fingers now. Stroking him, Steve grasped Tony’s aching cock with his other hand. “Come for me, Tony. Come for me
He was in the middle of trying to groom the thick, unruly mop on his head when a knock sounded at his door.
Steve said yes.
Like rightness…and like wanting.
“Relax,” Tony told her. “Steve still works here. He’s just off duty today.”
He was a master at choking down the hurt. Hadn’t once shed tears over all that he’d lost.
Rhodey shook his head on a sigh. “I hope you know what you’re doing.”
“What college does he go to?” Tony found himself asking before he could stop himself.
But the day had already come and gone and Steve hadn’t breathed a single word of it to Tony.
Tony’s resolve faltered. He couldn’t help it.
Everything had been going swimmingly until Natasha had come out of the changeroom in her frilly, red swimsuit, and had caught him sitting on the edge of the pool. Though he’d been dangling his legs in the shallow end, her green eyes had gone wide and stricken. Rushing up to him, she grasped his hand, forcing him to stand so she could pull him away from the pool.
“Watch your language,” Steve warned him.
, Tony told himself.
Steve’s little crush would resolve itself.
She glared at Tony like a furious, little redheaded fireball and then promptly kicked him in the shin. “Are too!” she insisted crossly.
His voice cracked, hushed and full of regret, “She doesn’t even have a name.”
“That photo of you, the one hanging over your hall table. I never…I didn’t realize it was you at the time…”
“One…” Tony counted off, “...two...three!”
This was it. This was what real happiness felt like.
Or how much lower in the hierarchy he was than Steve.
It always staggered Tony how quickly he’d gone from celebrated miracle child to his parents’ greatest disappointment. He often wondered if they would have bothered moving heaven and earth to save him if they’d known he’d later present as an omega.
“He was getting too...he was getting the wrong idea. About us—just like you warned me. I had to set the record straight.”
Before he could lose his nerve, he pushed open the doors to the community center and walked out.
He had something better in mind.
“I do now. Remember how you were always asking me to swim with you, and I’d have to say no? Well, times have changed, kid. I’m an Olympic level swimmer these days. The little mermaid’s got nothing on me. We can finally go in the water together.”
Bruce had a hard time getting along with the other children his age. His intelligence set him apart from them and made him ‘different’ - and like anything that was different, it also made him a target for bullying.
It was too much, being stared at like that.
Steve hadn’t stopped because he
, and Tony hated how much he didn’t hate that.
The alpha had driven him past the point of no return.
Steve stopped moving. “You still with me?” he checked, worry overpowering the lust in his voice.
The majority of Tony’s anxiety retreated even as his cheeks flushed.
He could see now that Obadiah had been threatened by him. Scared that Tony would end up better than him at his own job.
Refocusing his gaze on the strong planes of the teen’s face, Tony angrily sputtered out, “You.”
Horror overtook Rhodey’s expression. “Please tell me you didn’t say what I think you said.”
“Smart kid.” Steve turned to Tony with the same slightly wide-eyed, impressed look that people usually got around Bruce’s Bruceness. “Is he yours? I have to be honest, you don’t look old enough to have a child his age.”
He knew that he was going to die.
reaction. For there to be some small glimmer of proof that she felt remorse for what she’d done.
His muscles had gone entirely rigid and he was wearing a jaw clench of eminent death. His blue eyes were blazing and his hands were balled into fists, as if Tony’s story was the worst thing anyone had heard in the history of ever.
Steve scowled. “Don’t talk about yourself like that.”
But his instincts weren’t cooperating.
There was no future for him here.
officially fucked.
to give Steve that information?
“…I live here,” Steve said, as if the answer should have been obvious. It was the first time Tony had seen him out of his lifeguard uniform. The alpha was wearing khaki cargo shorts and a blue t-shirt that, while baggier than his lifeguard tank, did nothing to hide his muscles and only made his eyes look even bluer.
“Yeah,” the alpha said heavily, a world of meaning behind his words. “I know what it’s like to want someone that much.”
“But that means he’s a teenager.
“I’m still paying you,” Steve insisted stubbornly. “Are you going to be here tomorrow? I’ll bring the tablet with me.”
Tony wasn’t making it easy on him, either. Steve's touch turned him mindless. He was all over the teenager. Sinking his teeth into Steve’s bottom lip. Rubbing himself up against the teen’s big, hard length. Calling him alpha.
As if he’d ever been good at saying no when it came to Steve. If he had, he wouldn’t be in a pseudo relationship with a teenager in the first place.
Tony might’ve actually preferred the migraine.
And the thought of returning to his safe, boring existence after that? Of never experiencing the rush he got whenever Steve smiled that fond smile of his, so freely giving Tony validation and approval? Of never again knowing the feel of Steve’s touch and how it lit up every nerve ending in his entire body? God, it was almost unbearable.
Steve remembered him from yesterday? That was not good. Very not good. Maximum, mind-blowingly not good. “Tony. Is me. I’m Tony.” And why was he giving an alpha his real name? Usually he lied and told them he was Jarvis.
That would be wrong. Wrong, wrong, wrong.
“She was being mean to Bucky!” Natasha cried. “She was makin’ fun of his hair and she called him the b-word! She said he was a omega b-word!”
It didn’t make any sense but he felt almost...betrayed...that Steve hadn’t tried to reach out to him—which was crazy, because he should’ve been happy that the alpha had stopped pursuing him. After all, it had been Tony’s choice to end their inappropriate friendship. And it wasn’t like he’d changed his mind about that.
“Everything I’ve been working on lately is still in the very early stages of development.” Tony motioned to the pile of schematics on his desk. He’d been entertaining the idea of some kind of self-defensive weaponry ever since his run in with Brock. “I can’t say too much about it yet. Chances are it’ll be a big flop. As for why there’s a Barbie dream house sitting there, I’ve been fixing it up for Nat. The girl goes through toys like she’s trying to outdo the main antagonist in Toy Story. No doll makes it out alive.”
