“We’ll see, she doesn’t need any nicknames right now,” Dean shook his head as he leaned his head down and rubbed his nose against her forehead, “Except Joey.”
“So there we were, living in a nice house just outside the city, with our two kids, thinking that our family was complete.
Cas rolled his eyes and ignored the hunter, looking at Sam, “We need to contact Jack. He’s the only one who will be able to read her mind.”
More specifically, lent.
“It looks just like you,” Dean shrugged with a smile, running his fingers along its spine, “Got your eyes.”
Cas reached out and grabbed Dean’s hand, yanking it towards her. She pressed it against the swell of her abdomen, her eyes flashing a much brighter electric blue than was normal for her grace for a quick moment.
“Maybe,” Cas responded, a twinkle in her eyes that Dean most definitely recognized. He narrowed his eyes before leaning forward and kissing her hard, running one hand down her side before reaching to the middle and grabbing his cock, nestling it right against her wet hole.
“I told you to call me if you needed help,” Cas spoke through his teeth, his eyes turned down angrily, “But you didn’t. You would rather die than ask for my help.”
“Or you’ll turn the car around?” Sam mumbled from behind him, shaking his head in apology when Dean turned to glare at him.
“Jack?” Sam leaned his head down to try and catch the young man’s gaze.
“What is it?” Cas furrowed his brow when he realized something was troubling Jack. The nephilim was picking at his nails, which was an incredibly human trait he had picked up from Dean and only did when he didn’t want to say something.
“Are you insinuating I somehow beared a child?” Cas’ nose scrunched up in confusion and he shook his head.
Sam let out a long breath, then bit the inside of his cheeks before nodding, “You’re right. We should at least stay close.”
“Dean, I can walk,” she mumbled, shaking her head against his chest as he kicked the door shut and began walking towards Sam.
“I have to not only remove your memories, but transport you back to before Joey arrived,” Jack explained as Joey moved behind him.
“No, you don’t ever say the things you mean,” Cas interrupted, and Dean suddenly realized just how close they were standing. Because his hand was still on his stomach, his knuckles were barely brushing the front of Cas’ trench coat every time he took a breath.
Sam opened the door to their room, and Dean nodded at him as he carefully walked in, automatically moving towards the bed closest to the bathroom. While angels didn’t usually need to use the restroom, Cas had found that the human half of the baby was causing her to need to urinate at a frequent rate.
No, the problem was the nephilim growing inside of Cas.
“What?” Dean’s voice squeaked, and he cleared his throat to try it again, but his voice was still at least two octaves above normal.
“You don’t know that,” Dean muttered quietly, crossing his arms and pouting his bottom lip out.
“I know, angel or demon,” Dean interrupted, holding his hand up. He gestured with his head to the back hallway and turned to walk that direction, “Come on, you’ll be able to tell us what it is.”
“You are so stupid,” Cas looked up to the ceiling and shook his head.
“Goddamn it,” Dean rolled his eyes as he groaned, “Not again.”
“Dean, we’ve looked down here a hundred times already,” Cas sighed as he followed his husband down the hall.
By the time they finished singing ‘hey jude’ the last time, Jack was releasing his fingers from Joey’s head. She stayed in that same spot, her breathing even and her mouth open just a little.
The angel tilted his head in confusion and nodded, “Yes, Sam. You’re my friend, and I don’t want—“
“He said he was getting bored,” Dean shrugged and stood up, bending his back side to side to stretch.
“Ol mooah, gahe,” she whispered.
“Then I guess we should buy you some Claritin, baby,” Cas leaned forward and kissed the tip of Dean’s nose, making him blush.
“No,” Jack shook his head roughly, “I’m almost there, she just needs to calm down.”
“Was she—“
“Oh you’re right! I wanted to tell them the title!…Thanks Cas, I totally forgot.
“In the beginning, Dad was not having it. Mom tried telling him every day that it was the chance for me to get out of Kansas, to make something of myself. Dad, though…I know I shouldn’t speak ill of the dead, but he wasn’t exactly winning Father of the Year”
“From when we adopted Jack, we always kept our foster certification up to date.
“Sensation?” Dean arched an eyebrow.
Cas leaned over top of Joey’s legs, placing a hand directly next to Dean’s thigh to support his weight. He looked at Dean with a gentle pity, smiling sweetly as he whispered as close to his ear as possible.
Jack smiled and nodded slowly before letting his face fall into a more hardened gaze, “So we need to find this new nephilim and try and guide them in the ways of the world.”
“Ouch,” Dean flinched, then looked over at Cas, who was nodding solemnly.
“No, they’re getting mad,” she began breathing heavily, shaking her head in his lap, “Daddy, no, don’t! Please!”
“Well that’s because she’s not a normal nephilim,” Dean raised his eyebrows with a smirk, “She’s a Winchester.”
“No, that
“Wait what?” Dean shook his head, “We just got home.”
“Let’s go Sammy,” Dean announced, whirling his fingers in the air in a circle as he marched towards the path. Sam rolled his eyes and shook his head before following his brother.
kids.”
“If I really need to get laid, I’m perfectly capable of going down the road to a bar,” Sam scoffed, “Now. I’m going to the store. I’ll be gone for a while, so please. I cannot handle one more day of Dean acting like a three year old who needs a nap.”
“She didn’t...she didn’t do anything,” Cas let out a few sharp breathes, his hand lowering from his head as he looked up and met Dean’s gaze.
“Fine, let’s go call him.”
“Hey,” Dean reached up with one hand and rubbed the side of her cheek as he pulled back from her, “We don’t have to do this.”
“Well too bad,” Dean marched over and fell onto the wooden chair in the corner of the room, scooting it close to the edge of the bed.
“I’m just pointing out the fact that those angel sigils affect me, Dean,” Cas shrugged.
“You ready, Joey?” Jack whispered, his fingers a hair away from touching her scalp. She nodded slowly, giving Dean and Cas’ hands both a quick squeeze.
“Shut up,” he whispered, maneuvering her a little better so her arms could wrap around his neck.
“I know, Dean,” Cas gave him a small smile, the two of them standing in the hallway for a few silent moments before the hunter finally relinquished his grip on his arm. Dean watched him walk away and sighed deeply before turning and walking down the stairs.
of us. All six kids, with me and Cas on either side, squishing all together to try and keep in the frame. Everyone is smiling—except the babies, but that’s because they hadn’t smiled yet at this point—and Cas points at my face in particular and tells me, ‘Look babe, look how happy you are’. And damn that man because I was.
“In here!”
“Well, maybe if someone didn’t go
“Yes,” Cas nodded, looking down to where the black kitten was becoming more occupied with his brother than with cuddling, “This one’s name is Peanut.”
“Dean.”
“I just…” Dean finally was able to string two words together, and rejoined the conversation, “I don’t understand.”
He quickly reappeared in the doorway, pointing to the spot where he just walked from, “Do you believe in love at first sight or should I walk by again?”
“Dean,” Cas interrupted, scooting over on the car seat to place a gentle hand on Dean’s shoulder, “I know you. If I wanted a ‘normal’ first date, I wouldn’t have asked you.”
“I can’t lose her,” Dean whispered as a single tear fell down his cheek and onto Cas’ hand. “
“It means Cas needs to push,
As soon as Cas turned the handle and pushed, Sam had to dart forward and grab one of the kittens who was already trying to escape. It was a ginger, with long fluffy fur that stuck out on the top of its head. Sam scooped it up and held it close to his chest as Cas pulled Dean into the room, his eyes scanning to make sure the other two didn’t run out. Sam walked in and carefully closed the door behind them, shushing the wild kitten in his arms.
The three of them walked into the dungeon, and when Sam heard their steps he turned around and smiled, giving Jack a quick hug as Dean and Cas went to work on the nephilim sigils. Jack pulled away from Sam’s hug and looked around his shoulders, his brow furrowing as he looked at the little girl.
“He has no idea just how different his life is going to be in just three short years,” Future Jack smiled softly.
“I know,” Cas nodded, squeezing his hand back.
Cas suddenly leaned back against Dean, turning her head to look at him with her bright blue eyes wide with tears.
“Thank you,” Cas nodded once, her face still hardened.
“Yes,” Cas stood up, shaking her head once before turning back to look at Sam, “I would like some fried chicken.”
“I love you too,” Cas yawned loudly before falling back to sleep.
Cas walked up to the line and seemingly tried to mimic Dean’s stance. Dean watched in horror as the ball left Cas’ hand and flew towards the pins at an insanely high speed, never even touching the lane before smashing into the back, successfully knocking every pin over in not only their lane but all of the lanes from the sheer force. Dean’s jaw dropped and he fought back a laugh. He knew as soon as he heard the clerk behind them freaking out that they would never be able to come back to this place, but the smile on Cas’ face as he turned around and looked at Cas was definitely worth it.
Joey spun around and smiled up at Jack, “It worked.”
Dean actually laughed out loud, and reached forward to shove Cas off of the mattress onto the floor before informing him that just for that, he would not be doing such things that night.
Just as Jack raised an eyebrow and was about to ask her what the heck she was talking about, he almost fell onto the floor when someone identical to him appeared directly in front of him.
“Dean and I were in the library,” Sam responded, “Dean was pretending to clean.”
“No, you’ve just nonchalantly mentioned countless times in the past year that hunters can’t have relationships,” Cas tightened his lips together, breathing heavily through his nose before continuing, “For which you have no real foundation.”
“I have barely more power than I used to, Dean,” Jack sighed exasperatingly, “You know that.”
————————————
Sam and Dean were on a run of the mill wendigo hunt in Northern Michigan. Cas had ventured up to heaven to visit Jack, but made Dean promise to pray to him if they found themselves in a pickle. The brothers ended up at a motel near Kalkaska which Sam insisted looked like an actual haunted building.
“I’m not very good at using my powers yet,” Joey muttered, biting the insides of her cheeks as she clenched and unclenched her fists, “I killed the vampire that was trying to hurt Daddy—well, you, but my powers were too strong and hit all of you.”
“Think they’ll notice if we leave?” Sam chuckled quietly, crossing his arms. Jack smirked and shrugged before he noticed that Joey was nervously biting her bottom lip as she watched Dean and Cas whisper to each other heatedly.
A HUGE thanks to my creative beta Dani, without her I never would've never had the courage to post this story to begin with!
“Wait,” Dean held up a hand once they reached the top, taking a few deep breathes before continuing, “Are you sure that’s a good idea?”
“It’s our only chance, Dean,” Jack responded as he added the final ingredient and walked over to the bed, placing the bowl on Cas’ chest. Dean swallowed when he realized the bowl was not moving at all. No movement meant no heart beat. No movement meant no breathing. No movement meant...
“I can’t believe you actually sent him out on a run just to get pie,” Sam rolled his eyes and continued sweeping, trying desperately to get the small bits of dirt that kept escaping his dustpan. “What’s even worse, I can’t believe he actually did it.”
“It took a
“Yeah yeah, we’ll see.”
Dean turned around and glared at his brother before crossing his arms, “And why not?”
“What?…Oh, seriously?…I have to go into all
“I know,” Dean interrupted, rubbing her cheek with his thumb before sitting back up and looking Jack in the eye, “I know, Jack.”
When they realized the door was open, they both turned and smiled at Dean and Cas. Sam leaned down and carefully scooped the baby up into his arms, Jack following the movement with his own hands to make sure Sam had a good grip. Cas took a few steps forward, a bright smile on his face as Sam stood up and bounced his arms, walking towards the angel.
“Listen,” Sam held up a finger, and they all stopped talking and looked around the quiet room. Sam nodded, “She must have stopped somewhere.”
Sam and Jack watched as the hunter and the angel stared into each other’s eyes, both obviously breathing heavy at the tension building between them. Just as Cas opened his mouth to speak, they were all alerted to a noise from the open doorway.
Dean took his phone back and nodded quickly, standing up and walking over to her. She was shorter than normal Cas, but only by a few inches. If Dean had to guess, however, she weighed about fifty pounds less.
“Yes you can,” Sam replied quietly, and Dean closed his eyes and dropped his head to rest on Cas’ chest, “You have to. Cas would…he would want you to go on. He would want you to…to take care of your daughter.”
, you asshole,” Dean shouted as he grabbed both sides of Cas’ face and forced him to look at him, “You…you died, and I…and…goddamn it.”
Joey nodded before walking in between her brothers and and holding up her hands to defend the past version.
“Before I died,” Cas nodded, then turned to look down the bed with his head tilted, “My breasts are gone.”
“No,” Cas shook his head and leaned forward to press a chaste kiss to Dean’s cheek before walking away.
“For our family.”
“I’m going to go grab…Cas something to sleep in,” Sam shook his head and walked away quickly.
Jack’s eyes widened comically, and his eyes darted between the angel and the hunter without his head moving.
“Well that is going to be difficult,” Sam piped in for the first time, sighing, “Every time we’ve mentioned her going back she shuts down.”
“I don’t know how it’s possible,” Cas shook his head and ignored the rambling hunter, instead looking to where Sam was looking in to the dungeon.
“What is it? Is this body not suitable?” Cas instantly moved to close her legs, leaning up onto the backs of her arms.
“How do you know?” Cas asked.
“As you said earlier,” Cas turned his head just enough to make sure Dean could hear him, “You don’t need me.”
coming out of you!”
“Dude you gotta start finishing your sentences,” Dean interrupted heatedly.
“Like I got hit by a truck,” Dean muttered, one hand going to his head and rubbing the bridge of his nose. He closed his eyes and groaned as another wave of pain hit him.
, like seriously? Jesus…
Jack nodded, then walked around Dean with a small smile fighting to appear on his face, “I can say with complete honesty I’m not entirely surprised.”
“I…I guess I don’t really have a choice, right?” Future Jack sighed, shrugging his shoulders before narrowing his eyes and tilting his head, “But wait, if I’m you, and you’re me, and I haven’t erased your memories yet, why can’t I remember this whole thing?”
Dean spun around, his eyes wide when he realized the angel had snuck up directly behind him. He shook his head and reached out, gently shoving Cas’ shoulder.
“You sure?” Dean asked one last time, rubbing his other hand over the top of her hair with a sweet smile on his face.
“Or herself,” Sam turned and shot Dean a look before bringing his gaze back to Cas, “Is it possible an angel took a child as a vessel, Cas?”
“Okay,” Dean slapped his hands and rubbed them together with a grin, “Let’s do this.”
“You couldn’t get anything?” Dean muttered.
“He can’t,” Sam interrupted, shaking his head against the back of his brother’s, “Jack said that because it was due to a nephilim birth, there’s nothing he can do.”
“You, sit behind me,” Cas yelled sharply, pointing from Dean to the space behind her, “Now.”
“It’s all my fault,” Dean suddenly pulled back and shook his head, “This is all because we got into that stupid fight, if I had realized how idiotic I was being about—“
“This child,” Cas pointed to the open doorway before taking a slow exhale, looking straight into Dean’s eyes, “She has my grace.”
Dean opened his eyes slowly and saw that Cas had taken a step forward, so close now that their noses were almost brushing. The hunter swallowed loudly, and tightened his jaw as he quickly shook his head side to side. Cas narrowed his eyes at Dean, and as if a switch was flipped drew an even breath.
It was two hours later when Jack almost passed out.
“Dean, if you don’t penetrate me right, now, I will throw you back into hell.”
“No,” Dean responded instantly, holding a finger up, “That is not true and you know it.”
Dean pursed his lips and nodded slightly as he walked away, then let out a noise that he really hoped didn’t sound like a whine. He looked back over his shoulder and noticed the side of Cas’ lips twitch up into a small half smile. Dean narrowed his eyes at the angel before sliding his hands into the pockets of his sweatpants and rocking back and forth on his heels.
“She accidentally time traveled?” Dean scoffed, then gestured wildly towards the child, “I mean how old is she? Why isn’t she grown, like you?”
“Dean, I’ve realized recently that I don’t like it when you call me ‘buddy’,” Cas tilted his chin down and began playing with his fingers, “It makes me recall the time when we were both too scared to move forward with our feelings for each other.”
“Jojo,” Dean spoke up from where he was standing behind Cas, clearing his throat and repeating her name when she refused to meet his gaze initially. She finally looked up and made eye contact, her eyes shining again with tears. “We can have Jack read your mind to find out what happened, but we would rather you tell us.”
“I don’t…that’s not…fine,” Dean finally gave in and rolled his eyes, “I’ll go with Jack.”
Dean watched as Cas trailed off, maintaining the intense eye contact. He eventually slowly nodded, understanding the silent conversation they were having. If the kid was a demon, they’d have a pretty big mess to deal with.
“Excuse me?” he shouted, leaning his head forward. Suddenly a short old woman jumped up from behind the desk, making Dean and Sam both jump.
“Jack? Jack,” Sam said loudly, grabbing the young man’s face and giving it slight taps with his palm. Jack’s eyes sprang back open and he took a few deep breathes before turning and looking at Sam with wide eyes.
“Dean,” Cas pressed his hands against Dean’s cheeks, his head lowered as he stared into his eyes, “You have to breathe.”
“It…she…you…” he babbled, repeatedly tilting his head and looking all over the hallway.
“Well then it’s a good thing we only sleep for a few hours,” Dean spun around and clapped his hands together, rubbing them quickly with a small smile, “But we have a whole day ahead of us.”
“Well, it’s just…” Jack trailed off before clearing his throat one last time, trying to avoid the older man’s strong gaze, “You…and Cas—“
“These are from two different monsters, Dean,” Sam said quietly before standing up abruptly, “I think we should call Cas.”
When they were finally able to kill Chuck, Cas especially felt such a relief fall from his shoulders. After years of terrifying mental abuse from the man, they were finally free from his grasp. Jack now had taken on the role of ‘god’, which seemed to be a much less daunting task then they originally assumed. Jack has ventured up to heaven to assure that everything was being repaired after Chuck’s wrath, and was even able to try his hand at forging brand new angels. This new celestial energy brought heaven back up to its full power, bringing with it a restored grace for Castiel.
“Luckily, when Cas and I got married, we bought a very well-sized house, with extra bedrooms galore. I couldn’t believe we were being placed with
“Joey are you okay?” Cas reached out and pressed a hand to her shoulder as he slowly pushed herself to a sitting position.
“It’s okay,” Jack reached out and wiped a tear from her cheek, “I’m not going to remember you, but I know I’ll still miss you.”
Jack shrugged, “When I was born, I grew up quickly because I needed to protect myself. Perhaps she didn’t require that protection, so she was able to be a normal infant.”
“Cas must be back,” he leaned forward and clapped his hands before rubbing them together while licking his lips.
“Okay,” Dean nodded, then pointed at the chair next to the ball holder for Cas to take a seat. He walked up to the line and held the bowling ball in front of his chest, letting out a slow breath before winding back and letting the ball roll swiftly towards the pins, knocking down all but two. He smirked and turned, shrugged with a cocky smile at Cas.
“And now I’m going to stop you,” Jack interrupted, lowering his chin to glare at Dean, “She’s only eight months old, and she’s the child of a seraph. There’s no way she could’ve fabricated her memories.”
Dean drew a sharp breath, then loosened his grip on Cas’ shirt and sat up sharply. His head jerked side to side as he looked along Cas’ body, breathing heavily as he pushed away from the bed.
“Oh jesus,” Sam rolled his eyes and threw his arms out before he turned and stormed towards the garage, yelling over his shoulder, “Go have sex!”
“She’s not a demon,” Sam interrupted, remaining outside the door with his arms crossed.
“Daddy?”
Cas’ eyes snapped open, the blue glow of his grace as bright as ever as he loudly gulped a breath of air. His hands snapped up to his chest and his stomach, gripping onto the shirt as he coughed roughly.
“Can’t you buy it?” she looked up at him, her head craning back to meet his gaze.
tone deaf…
“I know that,” Cas let out an annoyed sigh, “But I don’t see what other option we have.”
“Hold on,” Dean nodded, then turned and reached under the pillow where Jack’s phone was open to the recording app.
“Dude, I think we can pray from the basement.”
“Damn I missed that body,” he mused, a cocky smirk playing on his face as Cas pulled the shirt over his head.
“Dean,” Cas inhaled deeply, lowering his chin to stare directly into Dean’s eyes, “If the child is indeed a demon...”
“No, I merely enjoy this position,” Cas responded sarcastically before her face contorted in pain.
“Can I tie your shoes? I don’t want you falling for anyone else.”
Dean finally let his eyes drift open and instantly regretted it the moment he looked into Cas’ eyes. Her chin was tilted down slightly, which meant she was looking up at him through her ridiculously long eyelashes. She raised her eyebrows and tilted her head, going so far as to bat those damn eyelashes a few times. Dean’s breath hitched as she slid another finger into his pants, still barely brushing the soft tuft of hair there.
“What are you talking about?” Sam cocked an eyebrow.
“It’s a long story,” she smiled, “I’m so sorry. Both of you. I’m just really glad to be home.”
The three older men all turned to look at Jack, who was smiling with his palms held up in a shrug.
“It was for,” Cas sighed, pausing and shaking his head with a smile before looking back to where Sam was taking Joey from Jack so he could wipe his shirt. The angel leaned over and rested his head on Dean’s shoulder, letting out a long breath.
“Huh?” Dean raised an eyebrow.
“I hope you all enjoyed listening, and don’t forget to stream my newest album - out next week.
of Joey.”
“I don’t have to when you’re thinking about those kind of things, Dean,” Cas replied, “You were thinking very loud.”
“That’s…” Dean shook his head, sighing loudly, “That’s not what I meant.”
“Cas is going to read her mind,” Dean replied, keeping his eyes on the wall as he looked over the sigils to make sure he was scraping the correct ones. He wanted to allow Cas to use his grace in the room, but not allow the little girl to fly away again so the nephilim sigils needed to stay.
“Yes, I did,” Jack replied, and Dean tightened his jaw and cleared his throat to avoid the emotions bubbling up to the surface.
“Okay, so then I just let the ball go and it’ll roll down the lane?” Cas looked up at him, his blue eyes bright with excitement.
“Yes sir,” she rolled her eyes again, turning and walking towards a very confused Jack. She reached out and grabbed his hand, pulling him towards the infirmary. Once they were inside she locked the door and turned back around, looking about the empty room with a smile.
Just as all four men began talking over each other, the little girl finally stood up behind them, taking a deep breath before speaking.
“Dean’s right, Joey, you can’t—“
have to sing,” Joey spoke up from where she was still laying down.
face, “Fine, take me back, whatever.”
“Dean,” Sam let out a sharp breath, closing his eyes and he turned his head up to the ceiling, “Please tell me you wore a condom.”
“Angel,” Cas spoke softly as he bent over and lifted her chin with his thumb, “It was an accident. And from the sounds of it, if you hadn’t shown up we might not have made it out of that hunt.”
“Well, kind of,” Sam tilted his head side to side before gesturing to Cas with his hand, “You have dark hair and blue eyes.”
“Damn it, Cas!”
“I don’t know how it’s possible,” Cas mumbled, leaning to the side to look down at the girl.
“You think you can control whether I go on hunts?” Cas crossed her arms and pursed her lips as she glared down at him.
“Yes,” Jack responded with a quick nod.
, Cas said.
Sam turned to Jack and held out the baby, to which the nephilim quickly shook his head with wide eyes.
“Okay,” Cas nodded and turned to walk away, stopping when Dean’s hand migrated down to his wrist and gave a tight squeeze. “Yes Dean?”
“Please?”
“I saw the fight that her parents got into,” Jack continued, finally bringing his eyes up to look at Dean and Cas, “It wasn’t a man and a woman. It was two men.”
Dean swallowed and nodded before turning to look at Jack, giving him a look of approval before glancing back down at Joey. Her eyes were closed yet again, and she seemed so peaceful that Dean couldn’t stop himself from placing a gentle hand on her cheek, rubbing his thumb along her jaw line. Joey peeked one eye open to look at him, and gave him a bright smile before closing her eye and snuggling into the pillow beneath her.
Dean swallowed loudly and closed his eyes before starting the next verse, their voices melding together as they sang.
Sam’s eyes darted around the room, looking from the stained bedspread to the rickety table, then over to the sunken loveseat on the opposite wall. He turned to look back at Dean, his eyes turned down in a pathetic frown. He let out a long breath and dropped his bag onto the floor, then dramatically held his hands out for Dean to lead the way out of the motel room.
Dean and Cas were then brought back to the present, feeling that significant pull as their minds came rushing back. They both took deep breathes and turned to look through the doorway at Joey, who was stirring slightly in the bed.
Joey nodded, then slowly pulled back and let out a big breath, looking up at Dean with her eyes flashing silver for a brief moment.
“I’m still upset with you,” she groaned as she turned to her side and pulled the pillow under her head.
“You just had to take Cas running with you, didn’t you?” Dean groaned as he dramatically dropped his arms to his side and rolled his eyes.
“Don’t you think if there was something you could do, I would be having you
“Sam, get in here so you can be the
“It’s okay,” Past Jack took a deep breath and shrugged. He looked out over the small valley surrounded by woods and smiled when he saw Castiel’s truck coming up the road.
“What?” future Jack shouted, turning his head just enough to try and hear her better as he kept his eyes locked on the man in front of him.
Aside from the intense hunger, Cas also experienced the normal hormonal mood swings that came with growing another life force. Dean didn’t understand how he could say one word to her and she would burst out crying, so lately he had decided to just not speak and instead help Sam figure out how to
“Claire was about to turn four when Jack first came to us. It’s a long story, and I won’t get into it, but he was removed from a dangerous home. He was six-months-old when he was initially placed with us, and almost two when the adoption was final.
She walked through the doorway into the small hallway outside the war room before slowly creeping towards the map table, her eyes darting nervously around the room. Just as she opened her mouth to call for someone, she heard a shout from behind her.
“Shut up.”
“Listen up kiddo,” Dean lowered his voice, “You have to listen to us.”
“What were you going to pray to me for?” Jack asked, looking between the two men.
“She’s just asleep,” Jack shook his head, rubbing a stray piece of hair from her face, “I promise Dean, I didn’t hurt her, I would never—“
“Fairies? Dragons?” Dean shrugged dramatically when Cas dropped his head to the side and raised his eyebrows in his trademark ‘really Dean?’ face, “What?”
“Excuse me?” Dean spun around on his heels, his face wrinkled in confusion.
“Yeah yeah, it’s so pretty,” Dean responded sarcastically, “Let’s get this done, I’m freezing.”
“Okay,” Dean nodded slowly, looking past Jack down the hallway, “Thanks, kid.”
“Peanut, Butter, and Jelly?” Dean looked at Cas with his eyebrows raised so high they could’ve blended in with his hairline.
“Is…is the baby…did she…” Cas trailed off, his jaw tightened as he searched Dean’s face for a glimmer of hope.
“Sam,” Cas walked over to the hunter, “We can’t just keep her in the dungeon until we find out how to return her to her own time.”
“No, no, don't go saying "I'm okay" in Enochian like it'll make everything better,” Dean immediately grabbed her wrist as she tried to turn away, “You’re never leaving my sight again.”
Right now? In this moment?
“You’re predictable,” Cas turned and shrugged, setting his usual shoes on the bench before grabbing the bowling shoes from Dean’s hands. He decided to sit on the small table near their lane, and pulled the shoes onto his feet.
“That’s my line,” Dean chuckled softly, biting his bottom lip as he stared down at the ground sheepishly.
Joey nodded as she chewed another massive bite, then swallowed loudly before pointing to him.
It was a Tuesday.
“Oh shit,” Dean scoffed, then waggled his eyebrows, “Was she hot?”
“Yes,” Jack nodded, “I even convinced Cas to let me make sure everything was in order, and it is.”
“Yup,” Sam half smiled, looking around at the snow covered woods, “We need to head north from here, most of the victims disappeared from a lookout point about a mile away.”
“Take me to the bunker, Jack,” she nodded, reaching out to place a hand on his shoulder.
“Seriously?” Dean shouted, yanking the shoelaces back from him and tying his boots.
“I swear to god, Samuel William Winchester I will come out there and squat on top of your shoe if you don’t get in here and
“You’re not Cas.”
“Dean stop!” Sam shouted, his voice giving out when one of the wendigo tackled him, knocking the flamethrower from his hand. Dean heard the clanking of the metal on the ground and spun around, his face falling when he saw the wendigo on top of his brother.
“Please don’t call me that.”
Jack shook his head, “I don’t know, it’s not like I have a tracker on her. I can just tell she’s close.”
“But…but you’re god.”
Cas straightened up and walked over to Dean, his phone in her outstretched hand.
“I’m fine,” Dean moaned, reaching up to try and push the angel’s hand from him. Whether it was because he was still pretty weak or Cas was using his super strength, Dean only tried for a moment before giving up and letting his head fall back onto the pillow with an annoyed grunt and a quick glare in Cas’ direction.
“Yes,” Jack nodded slowly, “But how did she kick me out? She shouldn’t be able to do that.”
“Um yes, please,” he forced a small smile, breathing through his teeth, “Two beds.”
“We’ll find her.”
“Should I even be talking about this? Sammy’ll probably get pissed, and—okay.
“It’s me.”
“Well for starters,” Jack moved to his hands and knees and stood up, dusting off his jeans, “She is not from this time.”
“Wait,” Dean shook his head quickly, his face scrunching up in confusion, “You’ve never what?”
life. Do you really want to put yourself through that?”
Sam jumped out of his booth and rushed over to where Jack had fallen over in his own seat, his hand immediately going to his head.
“Well, I guess I’ll start at the beginning. Let’s see, it was like a month after we got married, and Castiel’s cousin Jimmy—obviously not a cousin on the Angel Court side, unless there was an angel named Jimmy I missed learning about in Sunday school…okay, I’m focusing. Anyway, Jimmy and his wife Amelia passed away suddenly, and it turned out that they left the custody of their daughter to Cas.
“Well…but, that was—“ Dean began, sputtering on his words.
“No, I don’t think so,” Cas shrugged, “I know that it’s normal for couples to develop affectionate names for each other, but I can’t think of one for you to call me at this moment in time.”
“Wait,” Cas quickly shook her head, closing her eyes as another wave washed over her body, “Dean, we didn’t pick a name.”
“Jack?” Cas whipped his head around and moved towards them, a concerned look on his face.
Dean and Cas were in the motel room after Sam and Jack had decided to go out for a drink, leaving the two of them alone for the first time since Cas had been transformed. Dean initially wanted all of them to go out together, but after Sam brought up the fact that Cas would probably get hit on all night, Dean agreed that he and the angel would stay at the motel.
“Holy shit,” Dean whispered with a chuckle as he moved closer, his hands still pressed against his thighs, “She is perfect.”
It had been two months.
“Dean, I’m sorry but you don’t always need pie,” Cas rolled his eyes as he walked up the steps into the library, “You don’t have to be so upset about it.”
“No,” Dean responded instantly, “You, um…you actually have a really good singing voice.”
“Um, hey Cas? How do you want me to tell the story of…you
“About what?” Cas snapped, “Raising a child? The fact that it’s a nephilim? Being a father? What?”
“Um,” Sam cleared his throat, holding his hands up and looking up at the ceiling, “Little girl?”
Joey pursed her lips in thought, looking up to the ceiling for a brief moment before snapping her eyes back to Dean’s face, “Mmm no.”
“I hate to use such a cliche, but after that first meeting with ACE, the rest is basically history. The first song I ever wrote, called ‘Fake It Till You Make It’, which…god, when I listen to that song…it was before I really found my groove, before I identified my own style. I was just trying to do whatever it took to make the big bucks so I could help Sammy go to college. Anyway, that first song was number-one on the charts for like four weeks straight, I heard it broke some kind of record, I don’t know…still don’t know
“Dean,” Cas whispered, placing her hands over his and waiting to continue speaking until he had looked up and made eye contact, “Jack is
He reached out and took her small hands into his large ones, giving them a quick squeeze before he spoke again.
look at your private parts,” Sam shouted as he leaned just enough for his voice to be heard inside the room.
“Thank you,” Cas nodded quickly, drawing a deep breath before looking over at Sam, “Please, Sam, I need you to look.”
“Shit,” Dean frowned, tucking his gun back into his waistband. If the kid was able to be trapped by this room, she had to be one of two monsters.
“Dean,” Sam cleared his throat, earning him a cocked eyed look from his brother, “Are you sure about that?”
?” he shouted, freezing in the middle of the hallway as he looked at Sam with wide eyes.
Dean rolled over onto his back, his eyes glaring up at the ceiling. Cas was nowhere to be found, which was fine with Dean. It had been almost two weeks since they had done more than some mild groping over their clothes, and Dean was feeling very pent up. Sure, he had ‘taken care of himself’ multiple times in the shower, but it was nowhere near the same as being intimate with Cas.
“I know,” he whispered, drawing a shaky breath.
“Were you able to get into her mind?” Sam asked, crossing his arms.
what…Cas, come on…oh, so I have to avoid all the embarrassing stories about
Dean turned and raised an eyebrow, then looked back to make eye contact with her bright blue eyes. He tilted his head in question and she nodded.
“Sa—Uncle Sammy’s right,” Dean corrected himself, stepping forward again so Joey’s back was pressed against his chest and his toes were knocking into Cas’. “Whatever happened, it was not your fault. Sometimes grown ups argue and they say things they don’t mean, and—“
They both carefully walked down the hall to the library, and Jack held out a hand to stop Joey when they heard Sam and Dean’s voices from around the corner.
Dean was taken aback from her use of the cuss, and swallowed loudly. There had only been a select few times that he had heard Cas curse in anger, and it never ended well.
Dean sighed as Jack disappeared, then shook his head swiftly and walked towards the door of his bedroom. He stopped outside, closing his eyes and taking a few deep breathes. While he was still obviously angry and upset with Cas, he knew that they needed to have a real conversation about what had happened and not just continue arguing.
Jack grinned before bending at the waist, holding his arms out for her, “You ready to go for a ride?”
“Since when did you start calling her that?” Dean chuckled, “I noticed you said it when you were in her head too.”
Joey was sitting at the table, eating a bowl of Jack’s cereal. What caused the men’s reactions, however, was the milk carton sideways on the counter surrounded by a giant white puddle, and the box of cereal that had apparently exploded onto the floor.
Also, a HUGE thank you to my beta through all of this, Dani! I love you girl!!
Dean looked down at her and sighed loudly, reaching up to pinch the bridge of his nose and shaking his head before speaking quietly.
“I’m not sure,” Jack shook his head with a furrowed brow, “I wasn’t able to hear what they were fighting about in the future, I could only see them yelling.”
Dean walked over to Sam, intermittently roughly shaking his head, “Dude, I don’t know what’s wrong with me.”
“Joey,” Cas bellowed suddenly, closing one eye and getting lost in thought for a moment before nodding abruptly and shouting, “Joanna Jude Winchester, come in here.”
“Please tell me you’re kidding.”
“Wow, Sammy,” Dean snorted from the couch, leaning back into the cushions and throwing his arms over the back.
“Good morning, Dean.”
Dean shook his head, waving a hand, “That’s different.”
“But,” Dean jabbed a finger at her face, “You stay by me at. All. Times.”
Dean opened the door to the garage and slowly poked his head in, his eyes darting around the large room. Baby was there, thank god, as well as the multiple other antique cars that the bunker housed, but Cas’ truck was nowhere to be seen. Dean straightened his spine and put his hands on his hips, turning to look at Sam with a cocked eyebrow.
“Cas? Cas!” Dean shouted worriedly, rushing forward and placing his hands protectively on the angel’s shoulders. He snapped his head over to where his brother was heading towards the child, growling, “What did it do to him? Make it stop.”
“Fine, I guess I’ll let you work.”
“I had forgotten the ring in my hotel room, okay? So, there I am, in front of a crowd of
“I don’t like it,” Dean shook his head adamantly.
“I’m sorry,” she whispered, ducking her head down.
Over the years, he had been in his fair share of circumstances that would have caused any normal human to freak out and not be able to handle the situation. Most of the time, Dean was able to control his emotions and push down any doubt or worry in his head.
“Yes,” Jack looked at Dean pointedly, “Ever since I arrived, I had this very strange feeling. I couldn’t put my finger on it, but now that I know there’s another nephilim here, I understand.”
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?” Dean cocked an eyebrow.
me?” Cas spoke slowly, her voice low and coated with gravel as she took small steps towards the table.
“No, let me finish,” Dean interrupted her, “We have
“What’s your last name?” Dean spoke up, crossing his arms and taking a few small steps towards them. Joey opened her mouth to speak, but suddenly they all heard the door to the bunker slamming open, followed by Castiel’s booming voice.
It was the middle of the night when Dean brought the impala barreling into the garage, barely throwing it into park before he jumped out of the car and began storming inside. Sam just shook his head and slowly got out, prepared to unload the car as slow as possible so he didn’t have to listen to the inevitable fight that was about to happen.
“Yes Dean, that’s normally how labor progresses,” Cas spoke through gritted teeth before letting out a long breath and dropping her head with a loud whoosh out her pursed lips.
“Anyway, that was six years ago. Unfortunately, Claire is now a teenager, giving us a run for our money, and making me regret ever thinking that she was our ‘easy child’. Jack is doing great, and he adores being a big brother. Ben and Jesse are my little bruisers, and it’s honestly a miracle that between the two of them they’ve only broken three bones thus far. I can’t believe my baby girls are six now, and sometimes when I look at how old they are I think, maybe we can have one more…
“I’m not sure,” Cas announced as he took the stairs two at a time, “But he can at the very least read her mind.”
Jack had to remain the most focused as he’d ever been as he transported Joey and himself forward in time. This was the furthest he’d ever travelled using his wings, and he squeezed his arms wrapped tightly around Joey as she kept her face pressed against his chest.
“You know, sometimes I don’t believe that you’re completely human,” Dean mumbled, leaning down and pressing a quick kiss to Cas’ temple.
“I’m not entirely sure I want to know,” Dean mumbled, his hand finally dropping from the front of Jack’s chest.
“There’s no time for chicken,” Cas moaned, rolling her eyes as she turned to walk towards the hallway.
“Nuh-uh,” Sam reached out and grabbed the front of Jack’s hoodie, pulling him towards the doorway, “We’re all in this together now.”
“Okay so she broke in, whatever,” Dean held his hands up, “I don’t care, you can really fix Cas?”
“Let’s do it.”
“I know it’s silly,” she shrugged, looking at the floor, “I can’t miss you, I’m gonna have you here still.”
“That sounds good,” Cas nodded, then moved to the back wall to scratch off a piece of the remaining nephilim sigil.
He slowly sat up, his hand automatically going to the permanently sore spot in his lower back. He groaned quietly and leaned side to side before letting out a long breath and carefully standing. He rubbed his hands down his face in an attempt to wake up, then looked around the room. He chuckled softly when he saw the mess of clothes all over the floor, the memory of last night’s activities still fresh in his mind. He grabbed his gray sweatpants from the ground and slid them on, then found his favorite red t-shirt hanging off his dresser and pulled it over his head.
“Guys,” Jack sighed with a quiet groan, “I know you’ve heard of the butterfly effect.”
“No,” Jack responded quietly, looking down at his hands in his lap.
“Right,” Dean whispered before letting out a long breath and rubbing the top of her back lightly. He gently pulled her arms away from him and squatted in front of her, smiling sweetly. “Hi Joey.”
Cas instantly smiled his unique gummy smile, pushing against the mattress to a sitting position quickly and earning him a concerned look from Dean.
“Dean, be careful, your necklace—“
“Exactly,” Dean roughly shrugged his hand off, “We need to get it handled, now.”
They continued watching as Jack’s eyes darted around, every once in a while smiling or chuckling as he looked through Joey’s memories.
“Jack, grab the stuff,” Sam shouted, and Jack nodded once before flying out of the room. A mere five seconds later he returned with an armful of bowls and ingredients, laying them on top of the dresser.
“What? Where?” he spoke through clenched teeth, his eyes narrowed.
kids, but I mean, we did have the room.
“She’s a nephilim.”
By the time they reached the look out, Dean had complained three times about the distance, constantly asking ‘are we there yet’ like a toddler on a road trip. When they walked up the last hill and came to the clearing, Sam took out his phone for a picture.
“I’m sorry, what?” Dean shook his head in disbelief, his face contorted in a mix of confusion and intrigue.
, I’m not going anywhere.”
Sam shrugged, pouting his bottom lip out, “Am I wrong?”
“That’s not—never mind,” Dean sighed, “We found it, it’s stuck in the dungeon.”
Dean jerked back in surprise, since Cas was facing the complete opposite direction there was no way he could see Dean’s eye line.
“Oh,” Cas nodded, then moved his hands to run down his body covered with the blanket, eventually reaching the spot between his legs and cupping himself, “I have certainly missed having a penis.”
—whatever, wanted us to stop hunting or something.”
“You continue to say that you love me,” Cas shook her head, looking down at the ground with her fists clenched at her sides, “But you won’t stop trying to get me back into my male form. If you truly loved me—“
The two of them carefully moved towards where they now heard a consistent clattering, using hand signals and head movements to communicate silently. As they neared the kitchen, Sam froze mid step and scrunched his face up in confusion before turning his head and looking at Dean.
When they reached the impala, Sam and Jack got in without a word until both of their doors were shut. The hunter turned to look at the young man and raised his eyebrows.
“Good job,” Sam chuckled, watching as Dean and Cas kept looking at each other without the other noticing, “Now, do you think you can tell us how to get you back to your time?”
“Don’t fly away from us anymore,” Cas said softly, tilting his chin down to look into her eyes that matched his own.
Throughout the movie, every single time Joey got restless and repositioned, it somehow brought Dean and Cas closer. Because she insisted on holding their hands, every slight movement pulled their shoulders down towards each other. By the time ‘Can you feel the love tonight’ started playing, their cheeks were so close above Joey’s head that if either of them turned, they would have no room between them.
“I, um,” Dean cleared his throat, looking down at Cas’ chest, “I didn’t get a chance to really look at her before, you know.”
“You aren’t going to like it.”
“Oh,” Cas responded sheepishly, biting her bottom lip before looking to the side, a blush creeping up her neck to her cheeks, “Well, you know that you can always get me to orgasm quickly, Dean.”
Dean drove the rest of the way home, speeding the entire time. Sam sat in the passenger seat, one hand gripping the bottom of the seat and the other holding onto the door handle for dear life. He knew better than to suggest they stop this time, or to offer to drive.
“Cas, don’t say that,” Dean shook his head adamantly and leaned his forehead against the back of her hair.
“Really?” Dean tilted his head and narrowed his eyes.
“Her full name,” Jack took a deep breath, shaking his head, “Is Joanna."
*audio stops*
“Flying? Yeah,” Dean scoffed, “After all the years of Cas sneaking up behind me, I’d know that sound anywhere.”
“It’s not a baby,” Dean muttered so quietly that only Sam could hear him over the music.
Ahem.
“I promise we won’t,” Cas held up a hand in solidarity.
Cas closed her eyes and took a deep breath, instantly regretting the words she let come out, “I just meant that I’m not leaving you since I am with child.”
“Cas are you sure you wanna do this?” Dean groaned as he put the impala in park. He turned and looked over at the angel—his angel—who was smiling eagerly. Cas was wearing one of Dean’s henleys, as Sam had told him that the trench coat didn’t exactly scream ‘first date’. He had also borrowed a pair of Dean’s baggier jeans, which still ended up being very tight on his thighs and ass.
“You what…wait,” Dean turned to look at his date with a furrowed brow, “You wanted to come bowling and you don’t even know how to bowl?”
“Ha! You miss—“
He padded into the hallway, silently wishing he had grabbed his slippers when his bare feet met the cold tile. He wandered towards the kitchen, yawning loudly. He popped his head in and grunted when he saw Sam sitting alone at the table, a bowl of oatmeal in front of him.
“You can say that all you want, Dean,” Cas hissed, “But I know the truth.”
“And that’s supposed to make it easier?” Dean raised his eyebrows.
“Yeah well there’s one that acts just like you,” Sam spoke up from behind them where the ginger kitten was purring in his lap.
“You ready?” Dean held out a hand, and Joey nodded before sliding her hand into his, waiting until he slowly stood up to walk towards the door of the dungeon. Sam, Cas, and Jack all followed close behind, until Joey stopped and looked up at Cas, holding her other hand out for him. The angel opened his mouth, then looked up at Dean, who shrugged. Cas looked back down to the young girl who seemed to have grown impatient and instead grabbed Cas’ hand and pulled him forward with Dean.
Jack nodded, one side of his mouth winding up into a little half smile as his hand continued rubbing gentle circles on Joey’s back. He looked down at her and his face fell slowly, his brow furrowed as he sighed loudly.
Jack shrugged with a sarcastic smile, “Worth a shot.”
The angel was glaring down at him, his arms crossed and his jaw tightly clenched shut. Dean blinked a few times and slowly looked around the room, realizing that he was somehow back in the bunker. Sam and Jack were across the infirmary, whispering to each other with their backs to Dean.
of people, the man I love staring patiently at me, and I’m patting all of my pockets with this awful, terrified look on my face. See, that’s why I keep the picture of us kissing on the red carpet, because Cas has the picture from
Dean leaned his head against the seat, closing his eyes. He took a couple deep breathes and watched as Sam went into the lobby, coming out only a few minutes later with a key dangling between his fingers as he held his hand up. Dean nodded and opened his door, sliding out before moving to back door. He pulled on the handle and slowly opened it, reaching one hand in to grab Cas’ head before it could fall out of the car. She murmured for a moment and opened her eyes, blinking rapidly as Dean reached under her legs and scooped her up into his arms.
“Cas,” Sam exclaimed, running to the other side of the bed and pressing a hand to the angel’s shoulder, “Cas, can you hear me?”
* * * *
The angel looked down suddenly, and Dean followed his gaze and slammed his eyes shut when he saw that Cas’ hands were clasped in front of him, his thumbs twiddling around each other.
“I’m not sure,” Jack shook his head, “Maybe in a little while I can try and read her mind again.”
“You know that Jack would never do anything to hurt her, Dean,” Cas locked eyes with the hunter and tilted his chin down slightly.
“Jack?” Cas’ voice brought Dean back and his head shot up to see the young man’s brow furrowed as he shook his head slowly.
Just when Sam opened his mouth to respond, they heard a loud noise from the hallway. The two of them ran out and saw Dean and Cas, both with surprised looks on their faces.
Dean stomped down the hallway to his bedroom, prepared to slam the door open. As he turned around the corner, he saw Jack walking towards him with a scared look on his face.
“Cas is right, Dean,” Sam spoke up from behind him. Dean spun around, his mouth open as he looked at his brother with a bewildered look. “We can’t change him back until the baby is born.”
“Then prove it,” Cas stared into those forest green eyes, his own blue orbs shining with hope. Just as the angel was about to shake his head and turn around to leave again, he felt Dean’s hand wrap around the back of his neck and yank him forward.
“Oh come on, Sunshine. That was funny…Yes it was…What would you rather me say, ‘I found a roommate’?…You and I both know that’s not how it happened…Okay, okay, stop squeaking, I’ll tell them the PG version.
Jack gasped with a small smile, his head snapping down to look at Joey whose eyes had opened sharply and her mouth dropped open slightly. She looked up at him with bright eyes, her chest heaving as she breathed heavily.
“Perfect,” Dean nodded, “We can go grab lunch then head to the woods.”
“She’s got two dads?” Dean’s eyebrows raised so high they almost met his hairline as he turned to look at Cas with a snort, “Well then, I guess we know why April didn’t work out.”
Joey nodded against Cas, then turned her head so her voice wouldn’t be muffled against his jacket.
“My name is Joanna Jude Winchester.”
“Sam, stop the car,” she hissed.
“You know Cas will be okay, right?” Sam took the three steps towards Dean and placed a hand on his shoulder, giving a quick squeeze.
“Good call,” Dean pointed a finger at him, then gestured with his head to the door, “Come on, put your bag down and let’s go.”
your fault!”
“You mean last week?” Dean watched as Cas cringed at his lame attempt at a joke, then nodded and bit his bottom lip. “Okay, I won’t call you buddy. Any nickname you prefer?”
He took a few steps towards her before bending over at his waist and reaching out. The moment his fingers touched the top of her hair she jerked her head up and stared at him, her bright blue eyes shining directly into his. Cas froze instantly, and his eyes slammed shut as he attempted to breach her mind.
“I mean if Cas gave her the speech he just gave me about never leaving maybe she’d believe him,” Dean gestured with his thumb to the angel with a smirk.
“Come on man,” Dean gestured towards the lane where the pins were all standing at the end.
“I’m…” Dean shook his head, his shoulders slumping as he looked directly into her blue eyes, “I’m worried.”
, shut up.”
“Jack, don’t,” Dean growled loudly, “She got hurt earlier, she could still be—“
“Still, Dean,” Sam shrugged, “It wouldn’t hurt to try.”
“Jack you gotta give us something to work with here,” Dean sighed with an annoyed tone, holding his hands out.
Joey’s face fell and she turned her head down, looking at her now empty bowl of cereal, “You don’t want me here either.”
Dean looked down at Joey with a quiet sniff as she ventured slowly in front of him, and she bit her bottom lip when she realized he had tears forming in his eyes.
Sam and Dean watched as the little girl slowly closed her own eyes, then took a deep breath. When she exhaled, Cas’ hand lifted from her head as if from a hot flame.
“Cas?”
“Yes,” Cas nodded, “It must have been her mother.”
“Maybe,” Sam shook his head, his brow still furrowed. “I don’t know, it’s just really weird.”
meeting. We had about six producers to choose from, and after doing as much research as a sixteen-year-old can do with Windows 95, I went with ACE. Oh, that’s Angel Court Entertainment.
Sam nodded, “According to the lore, nephilim usually age about one human year for every month after they’re born.”
“Not with your own powers,” Dean turned and slammed the palm of his hand against the inside panel of the door, looking out the window, “Your eyes turned a different color.”
to Kelly when she gave birth? She fucked died. Right then and there. Do you honestly think that I haven’t been worrying about that since the minute we found out you were pregnant?”
“I can’t…I can’t do this man,” Dean yelled, and Sam bit back a laugh when he heard the intermittent retching coming from his brother.
“I just,” Dean paused, gulping loudly, “I want you know that, that I…”
“Yeah?” Dean scoffed, raising his eyebrows, “And what good would that have done?”
“I think it’s cute,” Jack chimed in.
“She was teleporting all over the bunker and when she got to the bunker, she got stuck,” Dean explained quickly, his hands held up defensively.
“Cas heard them meowing as we jogged by,” Sam added, “We almost kept running but then he saw the box.”
“How many times do I have to tell you that I am a genderless celestial being before you believe me?” she sighed with a sarcastic tone as the index finger on her right hand began tracing the outline of his muscles through his shirt, her left hand resting delicately on his hip.
“Actually,” Jack interrupted, stepping forward with his finger up, “You call her Jojo. In the future at least.”
Her head began to slowly raise, and when they finally got a good look at her eyes, there was no doubt that she was made from Castiel. Her bright blue eyes were identical to his, shining bright as she looked at Jack.
“He didn’t even
Dean returned the smile and stood up, walking over and intertwining their fingers before they walked towards the door. Before he turned the doorknob, he turned and looked at Cas with a concerned look.
“Yes I can,” Joey interrupted sharply, her head jerking up to stare into his eyes, her own silver orbs flashing at him. Dean raised an eyebrow and she let out a long breath, her eyes fading to her normal blue before she continued, “You just don’t understand.”
Cas sighed and stopped moving his fingers on the keyboard before turning and looking up at Dean pointedly.
“Dean,” Cas repeated between kisses, the moans going straight to Dean’s rock hard and leaking dick.
“I don’t think that makes me feel any better,” Cas muttered, his lips pressed tightly together.
“Okay, so. When he was showing me the picture, and telling me how happy I looked, he grabbed my face and said,
“Jack,” Dean shouted worriedly, rushing forward and placing his hands on the boy’s shoulders, “You okay?”
“I very much doubt that’s what the problem was,” Sam reached out and placed a hand on Jack’s shoulder, giving him a soft smile before taking a deep breath and turning back to Dean and Cas.
When he opened his eyes, he saw the muscles of Cas’ jaw twitching before he nodded once and took two large steps back.
“I thought the goal was to knock all of them down,” Cas pursed his lips and tilted his head to the other side.
*sniff*
“It must have been her mother,” Sam offered, “What did she look like?”
“Dean, stop,” she huffed, her eyes narrowed, “You’re being childish.”
Sam rolled his eyes before turning and leaving the room, “Fine fine, I guess since it’s for Joey.”
“Do you need something?”
“Jack, stop,” Cas said sternly, his other hand moving to rest on Joey’s knee.
“You’re okay, sissy,” Jack nodded, moving his fingers in circles on her temples to try and soothe her, “You’ve got this.”
“Castiel, who I’m sure you all know of by now, is Gabriel Novak’s nephew. Hence the angel name. We met, turned out he needed a place to live, long story short, we fell in
“Instead of admitting that I forgot the fucking ring, I looked at the ground and saw a random keychain someone had thrown onto the stage from the crowd. It was something weird, like a rabbit’s foot or something. I snatched it up when Cas wasn’t looking and hid the fur in my palm, holding up the metal ring part of the keychain.
“Dean?” Cas leaned over to try and interrupt his glaring contest with the wall, and eventually Dean shook his head abruptly and blinked rapidly a few times.
“Well once I read her mind again I can find out the whole story,” Jack replied quietly, glancing over to where Cas was bent down and listening to Joey whisper something in his ear.
“And how do you know that
“Is it chaotic? Yup. Is it crazy? Absolutely.
“Picture this, it’s 2014, I’m slowly working on my first album in over five years, and the phone rings. It’s Cas, who was at the grocery store, and he’s babbling nonsense on the other end…yes you were, babe. I couldn’t understand a
Dean looked over and Cas and leaned over top of Joey, whispering, “Are we sure this is a good idea?”
“Don’t be afraid, okay?” Jack smiled down at her, gently moving a few strands of hair out of her face.
“Talking, great,” Dean grumbled, then cleared his throat when he saw Cas glaring at him with his head tilted to the side, “What, Cas?”
to say, is that my wonderful, attractive, not at all annoying husband of eleven years is the one who managed to convince me to record this. Well, and my agent, Charlie.
The longer the pregnancy went on, the worse it got. Cas was hungry all the time, and kept craving bacon during the middle of the night. Sam had been woken up multiple times to Dean in the kitchen at two in the morning frying some bacon, Cas sitting on the stool with her arms crossed grumpily.
, Cas, you were drooling over him the whole movie too!…Yes, okay, I’m focusing.
Dean let out a long breath through his lips, pulling out his phone and scrolling on social media before he heard the door open. He looked up and choked on his own breath, his phone falling out of his hands and bouncing on the floor over to Cas’ feet. She stepped forward and bent over, and Dean swallowed loudly because the shirt that the sales woman had picked out was low cut and oh my Jack was it revealing. She was also wearing a pair of tight jeans that hung just low enough on her hips.
“Me, being the ridiculous, emotionally constipated twenty-year-old I was, just said ‘thank you’ and tried to run the hell out of our apartment. Luckily, Cas was just as stubborn then as he is now, which, let me tell ya, is
Joey rolled her eyes, “This is so confusing.”
my fault though,” Joey interrupted, sitting up suddenly and turning in Cas’ arms to glare at Dean, “It was
“No way,” Dean interrupted, shaking his head fervently.
“It’s okay, Cas,” he sighed before patting on top of Cas’ hand a few times, letting his palm linger after for a brief moment. The angel smiled and moved his fingers just enough that Dean’s slipped through and they became intertwined for just a second before Dean faked a cough and removed his hand.
“No, Joey,” Jack shook his head, and sighed loudly.
“Then what is your
“Hey,” Dean rushed forward, a concerned look on his face, “You should be in bed, what are you doing?”
“Dean,” Cas moaned, falling backwards onto the heels of her feet. Dean followed the movement and maneuvered them so he was braced on top of her, his elbows on either side of her head as they began to lazily kiss. This was when Dean felt most in love with Cas, when they just enjoyed being together, not necessarily in the middle of the throws of passion.
“Okay,” Sam said quietly, looking on fondly as Dean and Cas continually tried to sooth the child.
“Don’t you want to come meet them?” Cas held out his hand.
“Dean,” Cas moaned, rolling her eyes as she sat up and rolled to her feet. Luckily for Dean, Cas’ gait was slightly off balance from her quickly growing stomach so he was able to jump off of the bed and block the door when she tried to leave.
“I don’t care what you say right now,” Dean growled, staring down at her, “I
“Well yeah,” Dean shrugged, nodding as he crossed his arms, “I could tell that Dean—me—damn it! That
“Where have you been, ol monon?” Cas asked roughly, maneuvering to the side and grabbing Joey’s cheeks.
“Don’t,” Cas’ voice brought him out of his fantasy, the angel’s eyes never leaving the stove.
Dean’s eyes flicked to the rearview mirror for a brief moment before he took a deep breath. He had been up all night, researching ways to transform Cas back into the original male vessel. He had snuck out of their bedroom after Cas fell asleep, and then back in before she woke up in the morning. She didn’t seem to hear the conversation, her eyes still watching the trees they drove by with her head resting against the window.
“By the way,” Jack scooted off the bed onto his feet, “You guys will eventually have to give her a name.”
“Okay,” Jack responded slowly, “But how do you expect me to read her mind if there are nephilim sigils?”
“Now, at this point we’re newlyweds, almost twenty-six, I’m fresh off of a new album release, and here comes this social worker with a two-year-old. When I say we were in over our head, I mean
“You good?” Dean asked quietly, running a hand up and down her side.
There’s the normal Cas.
“I actually had a new name I wanted to run by you,” Cas interjected as he reached out and let the baby wrap her fingers around his own.
“It’s okay,” Jack shook his head slightly, his eyes still aimed at the ceiling, “She’s doing great. We’re okay.”
,” Jack teased, reaching out and poking her forehead with his finger.
“If the comforter is that gross then I can only imagine what the sheets look like,” Sam groaned as he turned around and closed the door.
“Oh Cas,” Dean visibly shuddered from the typical Cas dirty talk and shook his head with a cocky grin, before leaning down to pull her bottom lip between his teeth, forcing a whimper from deep in her throat before he let it go with a wink, “Let’s see how many times I can make you come.”
“Wha—“ Dean scoffed, throwing his arms out to the side.
“Wait a second,” Sam placed a hand on his brother’s shoulder, stopping him from opening the door. He squatted and ran his fingers over the multiple deep scratches leading into the home, a confused look on his face.
“Wait, how did you just do that?” Past Jack asked incredulously, his eyebrows raised, “You can influence me—him—me?”
Cas spun around and rolled her eyes dramatically, “No. I’m packing for the hunt, Dean.”
“There is no ‘just us’ about it,” Dean grumbled, furrowing his brow.
“She would love it,” Sam nodded, his jaw clenched tightly in a smile as tears formed in his eyes.
“Jack will heal me if I need it,” Cas interrupted, shooting him an irritated look, “Goodbye Dean.”
Dean looked deep into the angel’s bright blue eyes, their breathing heavy as they stared at each other for a long moment. Cas leaned forward just enough for the tips of their noses to brush, and Dean subconsciously flinched.
“It’s not that far, Dean,” Sam scoffed as he began pulling their needed items from the trunk.
“How’d you know we needed you?” Dean tilted his head and slid his hands into his pockets.
“Did you sleep well, Joey?”
“I’ll miss you too,” she whispered before rushing forward and encircling her arms around his waist. Dean froze for a moment before looking up at the ceiling, trying to fend off the tears threatening to spill over his lids. He finally gave up and bent over slightly at the waist to wrap his arms around her shoulders, squeezing tightly. When she finally let go and looked up at him, Dean couldn’t help himself but bend down and kiss the very tip of her nose, making her wrinkle it up and giggle.
“Finally found the kid, now we lost Cas,” Dean muttered as he shrugged and turned down a hallway, occasionally calling out for his best friend. After looking down one long hallway and already being sick and tired of searching for people, Dean rolled his eyes and stopped walking directly outside the kitchen.
“Fuck,” Dean bent over at the waist, trying to suck in a breath although his lungs had stopped working suddenly.
“Come on, Dad,” Joey whined, pushing herself up onto her elbows yet again, “It’s just us.”
“Well yeah,” Dean scoffed as he walked back to Cas and waited for his ball to be returned.
Also, you may be confused. I promise that it will make sense soon, but for now just always look at the month/year at the beginning of each chapter.
“We’ve missed you too, Jack,” Cas broke the awkward silence, smiling sweetly.
Cas turned and looked at him with narrowed eyes, “What was that for?”
“Dean,” Sam repeated, waiting until his brother turned around before continuing, “I think I made my point.”
Dean looked at Sam, then Jack, and finally over to Cas who was looking up at him through his long eyelashes, the bright blue sparkling as always. He sighed and bit the inside of his cheek before swallowing down the lump in his throat and turning to look at the floor.
“I just,” she paused, her eyes squeezed closed even tighter as she bit her bottom lip, “My dads...you...in my time, my dads would sing to me.”
“Dark hair and blue eyes, huh?” Dean snorted, “So you made an angel baby with basically a female version of you?”
“So I come home, the dishes piss me off, and I go storming into Cas’ room holding a plate caked in spaghetti sauce. I start screaming and yelling and he gets up and walks towards me all calm and cool and collected. Meanwhile I’m still going at it, saying all sorts of hurtful things, and the bastard finally stops right in front of me, grabs the plate, and--here’s the best part; the little fucker...sorry Charls...the little bugger just nonchalantly says ‘I love you.’ Let me tell you, it’s a good thing he had grabbed the plate because I would’ve dropped it and then we would’ve been cleaning up a broken spaghetti plate instead of cleaning up the pieces of our broken friendship. Ba dum tis!
“Yeah Joey, you saved them,” Jack added with a soft smile.
“Oh my god,” Sam held his hands up to interrupt, “Cas, I appreciate the sentiment, I really do, but I’m fine with being single.”
“Yes,” she replied instantly, surprising the four men, “I’m…I’m ready, I think.”
“What’s wrong?” Cas turned and narrowed his eyes at him in confusion.
“That doesn’t matter,” Cas shook her head, “This is not a human baby, nothing can happen that would injure it.”
“What? No,” Dean shook his head, “We’ll be fine.”
“Yes,” Cas responded quietly, his eyes blinking rapidly as he looked around the room, “What…what happened?”
“Dude,” Sam sighed dramatically, placing his hands on his hips, “Why are you so nervous?”
“Yeah,” Sam whispered, nodding.
“Joey,” he repeated, lowering his chin, “Why are you sad?”
“Yeah,” Dean chuckled, “Normal people tend to stay away from crazy cannibalistic murderers.”
“Sorry love, didn’t mean to startle ya,” she sniffed and wiped her nose with her wrist sleeve before extending the same arm, holding the key out. Dean pulled his lips between his teeth and swallowed loudly, reaching his index finger and thumb out to carefully pluck it from her grip. He turned around and saw Sam holding back laughter, and Dean roughly nudged his shoulder with his own as he walked past him towards the door.
“Please don’t start calling me god,” Jack had said, a worried look on his face. The surrounding humans and entities all openly laughed for the first time in days, and Jack just shook his head with a smile.
“No, Joey,” Cas interjected, stepping forward quickly, “That’s not it at all.”
“Joey, tell us,” he spoke softly.
“Why did she say we don’t want her here ‘either’?” Sam whispered once he had walked over to Jack.
“Not that I know of,” Cas responded quietly.
“Not as priceless as the look he gave me once we were backstage and he got a good look at what was actually around his finger, but still.
“Oh hell no, I’m not calling her Jojo, it sounds like a stripper or something,” Dean shook his head adamantly.
“Hey,” Dean stopped and turned abruptly, a frown on his face, “There ain’t nothing ‘mere’ about you, Cas.”
“Is this the moment that you wanted to be brought back to?” Future Jack asked, leaning over the edge.
“Cas?” Dean instantly rushed forward, a concerned look on his face as his gaze flicked between the angel and the girl.
“I don’t know how to,” Jack whispered, and Sam rolled his eyes before shoving the infant towards his chest, forcing Jack to open his arms and wrap his hands under her to prevent her from falling to the floor.
“Stop staring at my ass.”
Cas nodded, “Yes. That’s why I wasn’t concerned about being pregnant.”
Sam rolled his eyes and put his hands on his hips, pointing to a spot near the bottom of the hill, “I think we should start down there.”
He was terrified.
“Yes, sweetheart, I know, you love that song...it’s still just cringey to me...I am
“Shut up,” Sam muttered, throwing him a quick glare before smiling down at Joey, “Go sit down, kiddo.”
what this is about,” Cas interrupted, stepping forward with narrowed eyes, “You don’t want the baby, you don’t want me as a female, you don’t want
, put your phone down, I swear to god if that’s Missouri you’re calling—”
“Yes?”
“Fine,” Dean grumbled, pointing a finger at Cas, “You’re with me.”
“Like Jack?” Cas hissed, her lips pressed tightly together and her eyes wide with anger.
“I think it’s cute,” Sam pursed his lips with a smile and shrugged, watching the three kittens all roughhouse together on the floor.
“Okay,” Jack replied, his worried eyes darting from the baby in his arms to the large hunter in front of him.
Dean drew a deep breath as Jack trailed off, leaning his head down to rest against the top of Joey’s. She stirred briefly, then slowly pushed against him and sat up, rubbing her eyes. Cas stood up and walked over to the chair, smiling down at her as she turned in Jack’s lap and faced the rest of the room.
———————————————
“Originally I was planning on just sending her back to her time on her own,” Jack nodded, “But maybe if I offer to accompany her and wait until we find out what the fight was
“Yes, I do,” Cas nodded, “Now, can we please go inside?”
“Oh Cas,” Dean shook his head with a smile before making intense eye contact, slowly prying her knees back apart and scooting up enough to bring his mouth directly above her heat, “You’re about to find out the best part of being in a female body.”
“Okay,” Cas leaned forward and placed their foreheads together, his hands coming up to rest on both sides of Dean’s jaw.
Cas turned and narrowed her eyes at Dean, the blue grace in her eyes sparking to life as she slowly walked towards him. Dean swallowed loudly and tried to back away, only to be met with the cool surface of the wall against his back.
“Dean,” Cas reached out and pressed a gentle finger to his lips, a small smile on his face, “The fact that you’re worrying about all of this means that you’re going to be an amazing father.”
“Wait, two year—that means that,” Dean cut himself off as he looked to the ceiling and did quick math on his fingers, “No, no way, that means Cas and I got together six months from now.”
“Hey,” Sam spoke quietly just as Dean walked by, “Where are you taking him?”
“I need to get something off of my chest.”
“I know what Cas said,” Dean interrupted loudly, and he let out a sharp breath when he realized the little girl flinched at his volume.
Dean huffed a sharp breath out his nose and put his hands on his hips, about to turn and venture down the hallway when Sam’s voice stopped him.
“Okay,” Jack nodded slowly, then shook his head as if to clear his thoughts, “Where is she?”
Jack had tried to help as well, but between being worried about the power of the baby nephilim and not wanting to injure it, he told them he was refusing to try anything drastic.
“They’re lame,” Dean threw his hands out, “If you want to have sex, just tell me.”
“I know,” Cas nodded as Dean walked past her and flopped onto the foot of the bed, “As hurtful as it was to hear you say it, I understand. I can’t imagine if I had to treat you the same if you were suddenly in a completely different body with completely different sexual organs.”
“I finally got a hold of Rowena,” Sam nodded energetically, “We had to combine two types of magic, but I know how we can fix Cas.”
“Yes,” Cas nodded, “And I was even thinking we could call her Joey.”
“Ass.”
“Yeah well,” Dean sniffed loudly, reaching up to wipe the single tear that had escaped his eye, “There’s no reason to believe that she
“She’s from the future,” Jack continued, sighing loudly, “I couldn’t grasp what time period exactly before she shut me out.”
“Multiple orgasms.”
“Then it was the baby.”
“What?” Dean choked out, recognizing the dark desire pooling in Cas’ usually bright eyes.
“Yes Cas, I’m aware.”
He gasped as her finger traveled south, barely poking into the waistband of his jeans as she looked up at him innocently.
“Sammy, I can’t do this without him,” Dean shook his head, his eyes never leaving the face of the man he loved.
Cas finally nodded and leaned down, slowly putting his arms around her small body. Once his fingers linked on the opposite side of her shoulders, Joey turned and leapt into his chest, her legs wrapping around his waist and her arms tightly squeezing his neck. Cas froze and turned only his head to look at Dean, his eyes wide in fear. At first Dean was amused at the situation, but once he realized Joey was full out sobbing now, his face hardened and he rushed over to them.
“I’m assuming because the two of you arguing is what brought Joey here in the first place and now you’re very angry and when you’re angry you take it out on Castiel,” Jack responded, shrugging nonchalantly.
Sam looked up and saw that Dean was roughly shaking Cas’ shoulders, and her eyes were closed. Her body was null of any movement, and Sam looked over at Jack who was standing in the doorway shaking his head.
“Well for starters, they’re both nephilim,” Dean shrugged, “Have two nephilim ever been in the same room together?”
Dean looked back and forth at Cas and Sam, then rolled his eyes dramatically and waved both hands at them.
“Okay,” Sam held his hands up once they walked into the kitchen, taking a few steps back from his brother.
“It was sopping wet, when we got them back here I had to clean them up and get them dry,” Cas finished, his hand on the doorknob.
“Okay, first off, rude,” Dean chuckled, shaking his head with a smile, “Secondly, don’t use finger quotes.”
“Cas,” Dean moaned, looking down at her and gulping loudly when he saw that her pupils were blown with lust.
“Yeah, well,” Dean shrugged, chuckling softly, “She’s our baby girl, okay?”
“Dean,” Cas chuckled, his eyes closed as he shook his head, “The real reason that I wanted us to abstain from intercourse—“
,” Cas growled, unlocking the door and opening it before Sam had completely skidded to a stop. She scrambled out quickly, slamming the door shut behind her.
“Are we almost done, I’m
“Let Cas in, Sammy,” Dean dipped his head towards the door. Sam looked from his brother to the angel, then nodded slowly and stepped out of the way. Cas rolled his shoulders and hardened his face, his angel blade appearing in his right hand before he turned the handle and swung the door open.
Joey nodded, then let out a big yawn and stretched her arms above her head before sliding off of Jack’s legs onto the floor. She walked past Cas towards the couch and jumped onto it next to Dean, rubbing her nose on his arm.
“Or,” Dean looked up at Cas with pursed lips before slowly turned back to Joey, “If she promises not to fly away, we can all go up to the kitchen together.”
was the one who wanted to separate.”
Joey wiggled and pushed away from Cas’ chest so he would let her down to the floor, Dean taking a few small steps back to allow her a small amount of space.
“Oh yeah, a kid that can fly,” Dean snorted, earning him yet another glare from his brother.
“Dean,” she pulled back, and this time when she narrowed her eyes and glared at him, he really felt like he was looking at his Castiel. Her jaw was set and she had that dark determined look in her eyes that Dean knew meant he didn’t stand a goddamn chance.
...I swear to god I’m just gonna start talking about the time you cooked scrambled eggs in your underwear and you—okay wait no,
“Um, sure,” Dean cleared his throat, looking down at the comforter as he picked at it with his fingernails.
“I guess we just need to trust that your views on Dean haven’t changed that much in three years,” Jack shrugged.
“Only because Sam prayed for me,” Cas hissed from the side.
“Damn it,” Dean groaned, throwing his hands up in the air.
“You all do.”
“My name is Dean Winchester. I’m an Aquarius, I enjoy sunsets, long walks on the beach, and frisky—
“Why?” Sam asked, his brow furrowed in confusion.
Dean peeked one eye open and turned to look at Cas, who was staring lovingly down at Joey as they sang. The angel had a small smile on his face, and every time he squeezed the little girl’s hand, the grace behind his eyes would light up with a faint glimmer. Dean found himself smiling in turn, and reached out to grab Joey’s other hand as they continued the song.
that your brother is failing to be right now!”
word of what you said…whatever.
“You named this thing Butter?” Dean looked back to the kitten, wincing when his tiny teeth nicked his thumb. He lowered his hand to the ground and released the kitten, watching as it ran around the room jumping on everything.
my fault. I shouldn’t have gone, I should’ve stayed with Grandma J, if I hadn’t flown to them then none of it would’ve happened.”
But then he almost passed out, so maybe Dean was wrong.
“No,” Cas interrupted immediately, “The only time I’ve ever had sex was with April, and we all know how that ended.”
“What?” Sam jerked his head back, an eyebrow raised in question.
“So you know who we are?” Jack tilted his head, his eyes narrowed. She nodded again, sniffing a few times before they all noticed tears forming in her eyes.
“Dean,” Cas said one day while walking up to him in the library, a random book in his outstretched hand, “I don’t have a library card, but can I check you out?”
“I think I’m going to leave you two alone for this discussion—“ Sam held his hands up and slowly began backing through the door.
Dean sucked in a sharp breath as he slid one hand under her bottom, linking his other arm beneath it and pulling her close to his chest. She began whining for a brief moment before she opened her eyes and looked up at him. Dean held his breath as her eyes seemed to look over his entire face before a tiny hand reached up. He leaned his face down so her fingers could scratch his stubble, and as soon as their skin made contact he felt an electric buzz running between them. His gaze jerked over to look at her, and he blew out a shaky breath when he saw her eyes shining a bright silver.
“I am not predictable,” Dean argued quietly, moving to sit at the spot directly across from Cas and change his own shoes.
“How many times have I told you not to read my mind,” Dean mumbled, shuffling over to the coffee pot and cursing when he remembered that he used the last of the grounds the day before.
“Do I look acceptable in this form?” Cas asked, holding his arms out and turning in a slow circle.
“What’s your problem?” Dean asked, his nose scrunched up in confusion.
“You gotta quit doing that,” Dean pointed a rough finger at her as he walked closer. Joey furrowed her brow and crossed her arms, looking up at him with a tightened jaw.
“Cas, damn it, get your feathery ass to the kitchen,” he prayed quietly with his eyes closed, a smirk forming on his face before he continued, “Or I’ll eat all of your Oreos.”
wasn’t talking about splitting up.”
Dean glared at Sam before shaking his head and slowly pushing out of his chair to stand and face Cas. Sam took this as his hint to leave and ran out of the room quickly.
Dean’s tears had not slowed, his grip around Cas’ shoulders so tight his knuckles were white. Sam took a few steps forward, closing his eyes to try and force his own emotions down before he reached out and laid a hand on Dean’s back.
“Well then what the hell just happened?” Dean’s eyes were full of concern and anger, his brow knit together and his breathing heavy and uneven.
“You have to follow him back to his time and erase his memories,” Joey sighed before looking at her past brother with sad eyes. “He can’t remember me.”
“Are you okay, Dean?” she squinted and tilted her head to the side, her hands hanging loosely by her side.
Sam turned back and shot her a quick smile and a nod, “Yeah, just having stomach problems.”
“Can I please leave now?” Jack asked meekly from the doorway that he had been slowly shifting towards.
“Hey, Dean,” Sam noticed his brother was awake and walked over to the bed, his hands in his pockets, “How you feeling?”
“I’d really rather not,” Sam mumbled.
“She’s coming
“I was in my truck, driving home,” Cas informed him with a quick nod.
“What are you doing?” Dean asked, his face scrunched up in confusion. Suddenly he heard the tell tale sound of wings behind him, and when he whipped around he saw Jack standing there with his hand up.
Sam clamped his jaw shut and looked over at Jack, who had paled and was holding his hands up and slowly backing away.
“Dean,” Sam turned and lowered his chin with his signature bitch face, “It looked like a kid. Maybe we should try a different tactic.”
When they finally came to a screeching halt, Past Jack was surprised to find himself on the high roof of the bunker. His hand immediately pressed against his stomach as gravity came hurtling back to him, and he shook his head roughly to combat the intense dizziness.
Dean lunged forward and engulfed Cas’ clit with his mouth, sucking lightly as he brought one of his hands up and slowly entered her with one finger. There was no more moaning, only whimpering and yelling and fast breathing and her hands reaching down on their own accord to grip his hair just a little too roughly, holding him in place. Dean moaned when her thighs clenched next to his head, and he realized even if he wanted to stop—which he did not—he wouldn’t be able to.
Sam stepped forward first, bending over at a ninety degree angle to look her in the eyes, “Listen, you’d better keep these two in line, okay?”
“Wait what?” Dean leaned forward, “What does that mean? Sam, what does that mean?”
“Why can’t bubba just read my mind?” she sighed loudly.
“I,” she paused to sniff, reaching up and wiping the tear with the back of her wrist, “I don’t want to go back.”
“Yeah, I was able to grab a glimpse of exactly what time she’s from,” Jack nodded.
“Are you
Cas and Dean immediately locked eyes before looking down at the little girl in front of them. Without any further communication, they both knew and agreed with what had to be done.
Dean looked at the cats and shook his head, then crawled back over to sit next to Cas, his eyes never leaving Butter to make sure he wasn’t going to be attacked again. He leaned against the wall and draped his arm over Cas’ shoulder, leaning over to place a quick kiss on his cheek.
Dean and Cas both snapped their heads towards Jack, their mouths dropping open at his words.
Sam chuckled softly, “That’s adorable.”
the goods, now do we?
“Jack and I are just gonna,” he stopped and shrugged before basically sprinting out of the room. Cas stood up and began pacing at the end of the bed, his hands balled into fists at his side.
“Dean, what’s wrong?” Cas narrowed his eyes, “Does this human form not please you?”
By the time the movie was over, Joey had fallen asleep and was curled up on Jack’s lap, his shirt fisted in one of her hands as she breathed slowly. Dean nudged Cas’ shoulder and gestured silently with his head towards the chair, and the angel instantly smiled when he saw the two nephilim cuddled together.
They hadn’t noticed Jack leaving the conversation quietly and walking over to Joey, pulling her aside and bending over at the waist to talk to her until he loudly exclaimed, “Absolutely not!”
“She is,” Cas nodded, sniffing quietly, “She’s our baby girl.”
“Babe,” Dean whined quietly, ignoring the snort it earned him from Sam, “I’m sorry, okay? I’m just trying to make sure that you’re—“
“It was one random night about six months in when  everything changed. I had just gotten home after a long night at the studio, and a certain someone who shall remain nameless but whose name starts with a C and ends with an
“Then I ended up making out with one of the exec’s nephews in an elevator and—
Dean closed his eyes and drew a large breath, shaking his head before he turned and responded.
“By the water, someone left them there in a cardboard box,” Cas began to explain, stopping outside his old bedroom.
“Another one already?” Dean turned and set the towel on the counter before walking up behind her and rubbing her lower back.
“She basically just apologized,” Jack nodded, his brow furrowed, “Gahe means father.”
“That wasn’t a challenge, Dean.”
*sigh*
Dean heard Sam clear his throat from the doorway, and whipped his head towards his brother with his eyebrows raised.
“Charging headfirst into danger like a couple of dumbasses,” Dean smirked, walking towards the trunk and twirling his keys around a finger, “That’s our specialty.”
Dean and Cas looked up and made eye contact, silently communicating before they stood up together. Joey’s eyes followed them as they walked over to Jack, biting the insides of her cheeks.
“But now look at you,” Sam reached out and slapped Jack’s shoulder, “You’re the definition of ‘good’ now.”
“Yeah Cas, I know, she’ll beat me up when she hears this. Oh well.”
Joey abruptly pulled into herself tighter and the small sliver of her eye that Sam could see flashed silver before she disappeared again.
“What’s going on?” Dean asked loudly, noticing the secret conversation the two were having.
can’t lose her.”
Just as Sam sighed and leaned the broom against the wall, dumping the dirt into a nearby trash can, they heard a much louder banging coming from the hallway. Their eyes instantly met, and Dean moved swiftly into the war room.
“Very good, Dean,” Cas clapped a few times, standing as Dean walked back towards him. “Is it my turn now?”
“I wanna sit with Bubba,” Joey suddenly announced, sliding out from in between them and falling to her feet.
“Fuck yeah you did,” Dean growled before reaching up with one hand and threading his fingers through her hair, pulling their mouths together. Although it was a completely different vessel, the kiss still felt exactly like Cas. Sure, the lips were a little smaller, and the tongue felt a little more petite, but overall it tasted exactly the same as his angel. The subtle hint of cinnamon mixed with an always overwhelming mint flavor that took over Dean’s senses and prevented him from realized that Cas was slowly pulling him towards the bed, their lips never parting.
“I’m fine,” Cas swatted one of his hands away from her, grabbing the cool towel from the other hand and dabbing it onto the back of her neck.
Dean made a mocking face, shaking his head before he looked at Cas pleadingly. Cas seemed to understand, and nodded before beginning again.
“Sorry Charlie.”
Cas shot him a quick smile before removing his hand. “It seems like the main issue now is convincing Joey to go back to her time.”
, and he chased after me and somehow managed to pry me out of the protective bubble I had been keeping my feelings shoved into.
“After Jo,” Dean replied, his voice hushed with the tears building in his eyes.
“I…I’m a little, um…” Dean trailed off, biting his bottom lip and running a hand through his hair.
“But,” Cas paused, narrowing his eyes, “That means the child can only be—“
“What else has wings?” Sam mused quietly, looking down at the ground as he tried to think back to the hundreds of lore books he had read in his lifetime.
want my own apartment just so I could jerk off whenever I—What?...Okay, my
“Alright,” Dean agreed before turning back to the door and walking into the hallway towards Jack’s room. Once they reached the closed door and Cas moved to open it, Dean held out a hand.
“Hello Dean,” he sighed, then walked over to Cas with a concerned look in his eyes.
“That doesn’t even make sense,” Dean pushed away from the bed, turning to stare at his brother with red rimmed eyes. “Jack is
“Gross dude,” Sam shook his head, then suddenly his eyes widened and his mouth dropped open before he clamped it shut and tilted his head dramatically.
“Dean, you are making this difficult,” Cas muttered before pulling his head back just enough to place a chaste kiss on Dean’s shoulder.
“Seriously dude?” Dean cocked an eyebrow, “We’re here to kill a murdering monster, not for a photo shoot.”
Dean snapped his head over and began shaking it desperately, “No no no, that’s not what I meant at all. Of course I want to do this. I just…this isn’t really my thing, you know?”
“I guess,” she responded, biting the insides of her cheeks nervously as she picked at her fingers.
Dean’s gaze snapped to his husband, an angry look on his face before he visibly softened and lowered his head.
“Oh, so you already know that we turn into God then,” Future Jack nodded with a smile, with Past Jack returning the gesture. “Well then, are you ready to go?”
“Well, Joey,” Cas looked down at her with a serious look, “We can go up to the kitchen and bring you food down here.”
“That’s the point, Dean,” Sam sighed exasperatingly, straightening his spine as he turned to glare at his brother. They both turned their heads when they heard a small noise coming from the general vicinity of the garage, and Dean smiled widely.
“But is that the only way that angels can, uh,” Sam reached up and rubbed the back of his neck nervously, “reproduce?”
“It’s me,” Sam’s voice sounded enthusiastic, and as Dean turned to unlock the door Cas lifted her hand and used her grace to fling the door open quickly. Dean snapped his head back with it tilted to the side and his eyes narrowed.
“Now where was I before I was so
“I figured it out,” the younger Winchester lifted the books, a small smile on his face.
“I’m not afraid,” he whispered.
“Did she say anything else?” Cas whispered.
“It’s fine, Jojo,” he looked up and locked eyes with her, surprised that the nickname came out of his lips so freely. She instantly smiled brightly for the first time since she had arrived, and it simultaneously broke everyone’s hearts.
“Then you need to be way more naked,” Cas groaned, reaching down and pushing Dean’s sweatpants to his knees in one quick motion. Dean chuckled and wiggled his legs to kick them off, pushing them to the end of the bed and not really caring where they ended up after that. He guided Cas’ legs open again, and she wrapped them around his waist as he lined himself up with her opening. Dean looked up at her and saw that she had a small flicker of fear in her eyes.
Today, he woke up to an empty bed.
“We’re here to help you, Joey,” Jack smiled and scooted a little closer to her, surprised when she didn’t flinch or move backwards. “I’m going to touch the sides of your head, okay?”
Dean lunged forward and pressed his lips to the angel’s, one hand fisting the back of his hair as he held them together. Cas sank into the feeling, his muscles relaxing as one hand came up to press against Dean’s cheek. They ignored Sam clearing his throat next to them, they ignored him rolling his eyes, they ignored him walking out of the room, mumbling about going to Jack’s room and closing the door behind him.
“You can come out now,” Joey interjected.
“Are you okay, Joey?” Jack asked quietly, moving forward hesitantly.
“Wait, seriously?” Dean asked quickly, his brows turning down in relief.
“Jack?” he raised an eyebrow.
“Hey hey,” Dean found his body automatically moving towards her, one hand outstretched. He was about to gently touch her shoulder when she rushed forward, wrapping her arms around his waist and burying her nose into his stomach. Dean froze, his head snapping to look at the other occupants. Cas tilted his head as he looked down at the girl, Jack shrugged, and Sam tightened his lips together before rolling his eyes and miming giving a hug. Dean bit the inside of his cheeks before carefully reaching his arms around her shoulders and sighed when he felt her melt into him even more.
“I don’t want you to hate me too,” Joey whispered, her eyes welling with tears.
“You. You’re my problem,” Cas held his arms out for a moment before letting them fall back to his sides.
“Okay, so originally I asked ACE for my own apartment, but after a few nights alone when my mom and Sam were visiting Kansas, I didn’t like the idea of living alone. See, I
“I know, but—“
“It’s okay,” he narrowed his eyes at her for a moment before sighing loudly and looking up between Dean and Cas, “I don’t understand how she’s able to do that, I’m much stronger than her. A normal nephilim shouldn’t be able to push me out like that.”
“Can we get anything for you, Cas?” Sam asked with a sheepish smile.
doesn’t even put their dishes
The angel looked at Joey and smiled before carefully sliding her down to the floor. She kept a grip on one of his hands, leaning most of her body weight onto the side of his thigh.
fun…uh huh, love you too.
“What?” Sam turned his head with a confused look.
Dean exhaled slowly and gripped the edge of the counter, dropping his head as he desperately tried to calm himself down.
“What do you want?” Dean asked once he made eye contact with his brother.
“What?” Cas narrowed his eyes and tilted his head as Dean carefully let Joey to her feet.
“Gross,” he heard her whisper, and he moved his hand to hold a finger up to his lips in a silencing motion.
“It could just be a scared kid,” Dean said quietly, looking up and making hard eye contact, “But it might not be. Be careful.”
“Cas, I swear if you tell me that the one Sam’s holding is named Jelly I’m—“
“Oh, I’m sorry,” Cas crossed her arms, turning to lay on her back, “You’re right, I should’ve just let the two of you be murdered or worse, turned.”
“Dude, get up,” Sam ran forward and wrapped his hands around Dean’s shoulders, pulling him up to a standing position before shoving him towards the now open bedroom door.
“Not you two,” Jack shook his head quickly, “The future Dean and Castiel.”
“It’s now not a matter of ‘want’, Dean,” she responded with her tone growing heated yet again, using the normal Castiel finger quotes, “There’s already a fetal life force growing rapidly inside of me.”
Dean took a deep breath, then exhaled slowly through his nose as he stared down at Cas. Her lips were pursed in anger, her eyebrows raised as she waited impatiently for his response.
“That’s a bad analogy, you know Cas loves arcades and pizza.”
“He likes you,” Cas rested his head on Dean’s shoulder, watching as the kitten curled up in the space between Dean’s thighs.
“Dean, we can’t just lose six hours of our day,” Sam rolled his eyes and shot Dean a typical Sam bitch face.
“Was that good?” Cas tilted his head.
“I’m very confused,” Jack tilted his head and narrowed his eyes, looking down at the floor briefly before looking up at Dean and Cas.
“But that means—“
“Dean, don’t blame yourself,” Cas interrupted, shaking his head roughly, “We both said things that we didn’t mean.”
“We need you to read her mind,” Dean held up a hand, “Because obviously Cas here hasn’t been going around sowing wild oats with humans.”
“Oh,” Jack responded, biting his bottom lip. “It seemed to me more like
“What?” he asked sharply.
As Sam walked over and grabbed a towel from Jack’s dresser, Cas wrapped his arm around Dean’s waist and gave a tight squeeze, leaning over and placing a quick kiss on his cheek. Dean turned to look at him and Cas reached up with his spare hand and grabbed Dean’s chin, pulling him in for a long press of their lips.
Sam stopped and turned around, taking a deep breath with an apologetic smile on his face. “If it’s any consolation, it was an accident.”
Dean slumped his shoulders and dropped his head dramatically as his brother ignored him and walked towards the path. He waited a brief moment before smirking and squatting down, scooping up some snow in his hands before packing it together into a tight ball. He then bit his lips to hold back his laughter as he launched it into the air, successfully smacking into the back of Sam’s head.
Joey moved to the edge of the couch and nodded slowly, biting her lip as she stared down at her feet. Jack moved to stand up, but Cas held out a hand and shook his head before walking over and squatting directly in front of Joey.
It was several hours later that the three of them were in the car on their way to Billings, Montana. Sam had initially tried to get into the backseat, which is where he had been riding for the last several months, but Cas insisted that he ride in the front with Dean. Sam hated when they got into these fights, but even more so when they all had to be stuck in a car together for hours at a time. Dean had at least turned on some music, but the lack of communication was awful.
“Sam—where the hell are you going?” Dean chased after him, Cas close behind.
“Joanna…Jude…Winchester?” Sam spoke quietly, staring down at her with an eyebrow raised.
“Wait, really?” Jack tilted his head, his brow furrowed in confusion.
“I…I did?” she asked, looking up at the faces of the men surrounding her.
“So, let’s see, then we got married two years later, I did one last tour, released three more albums, and we lived happily ever after, the end.
They had decided together that when they arrived, they would remain hidden until Joey was ready to make herself known. Jack decided to land them in the basement of the bunker with a quiet thud, Joey keeping her arms and legs wrapped around him until he gently patted her back. She slowly slid to the ground, sneaking one hand into Jack’s and holding tight as she looked around.
“I’m still upset you added angel warding to the dungeon by the way,” Cas mumbled as they walked.
“But then you’re assuming that if that happened Dean and I would’ve been idiotic enough to get pregnant.”
Sam and Jack watched solemnly from the foot of the bed as Cas’ body remained still, apart from the thrashing caused by Dean’s movement.
“See if I let you sleep with us,” Dean muttered, crossing his arms.
“Cas, we talked about this. Just call it sex.”
“Fine, you wanna talk about purgatory? Let’s talk,” Dean nodded once, his anger building up, “Don’t act like I’m the one who didn’t say it, Cas. When I found you by that tree, I told you I had to say something, and you’re the one who stopped me.”
“Do you think he…she…Cas, maybe needs a, uh,” Sam cleared his throat, looking around before bringing his hands up to his flat chest and miming, “A bra?”
“Precisely,” Cas nodded in agreement.
It took everything they had, every acquaintance and friend they had made over the last fifteen years. Jack did most of the work, and with Amara’s help they were finally able to put Chuck down once and for all. Billie, combined with the power from The Empty, gave Jack the ability to become the new ‘light’ in the world, essentially making him the new God.
“That’s true,” Jack chuckled quietly, “I was a little crazy in the beginning.”
“Yes,” Jack nodded once, “January of 2021 would be correct.”
Jack shrugged before looking down at her, “Only one way to find out.”
“And I told you that I preferred the traditional dating routine.”
“You’re leaving?” Dean yelled, his voice cracking with terrifying concern as his feet automatically began chasing after her.
“Fine,” he muttered, but turned and pointed a rough finger down at Joey, “No. Flying.”
“Exactly,” Dean leaned forward and pressed a kiss to her sweaty forehead, “So now you have to be alive to see her grow up, okay? Which, if she’s anything like Jack will be in the thirty seconds after she’s born, but still.”
“I know. But hey,” Dean stopped and clapped a hand on his shoulder with a bright smile, “It’s good I added them, right?”
His…boyfriend—although it was still weird to use that word, given the fact that said boyfriend was an angel of the lord and not just some twenty year old with a backwards baseball hat, though man if Cas wore a—
Jack raised his eyebrows and nodded again, “Actually, that makes a lot of sense, knowing now what I know.”
“Well,” Cas paused, shrugging, “Yes. What did
“Jack?” Dean yelled, pulling the sheet up to make sure he and the sleeping Cas next to him was sufficiently covered.
“Twenty twenty,” he responded.
“Dean,” Cas finally put down the spatula and released the pan to cover Dean’s hands with his own, making sure that the hunter didn’t get any ideas.
“What do you think, you want to go meet our baby girl?”
You won’t ever believe it, but you’re still beautiful. Still Dean Winchester.’
*audio stops*
“While I really do
Dean tried to will his eyes not to close, focusing on the wetness that was falling along his thighs. He barely felt the heat on his face as Sam burnt the wendigo in front of him to a crisp, barely noticed when the other one let go of his hair and his body slammed to the ground, didn’t realize how weak he was until his head smashed against the wooden floor.
“Of course,” Cas responded immediately, walking to the side of the bed and sitting down, taking one of her hands in his. Dean followed suit on the other side, giving her hand a quick squeeze and winking at her before she nodded and laid back down.
“Joey,” Cas whispered, leaning his head back to try and pry hers off of his shoulder with his chin, “Joey, look up, ol monon.”
“Jojo, it’s okay,” he said soothingly, leaning down and running his hand around to the bottom of her jaw, lifting her chin to force her to look at him, “We’re not really fighting.”
"No."
As soon as his future self pressed his fingers to his forehead, he was surprised by the amount of strength he felt through the connection. He figured that as he became more used to being God he would develop a few more powers, but this intense energy was so breathtaking he found himself reaching out and grabbing hold of his counterpart’s shoulders.
“I very much doubt that,” Cas raised an eyebrow, then smirked.
“So she’ll be fully grown by like eighteen months?” Dean asked quietly, turning to look down at her.
When Dean arrived at her core, he reached out and spread her open, licking his bottom lip before giving Cas one more glance. She had her eyes slammed shut and her back arched, sweat beading along the line between her breasts. Dean chuckled for a moment, and Cas quickly lifted her head and glared down at him.
“Oh man,” Sam finally spoke, shaking his head, “Congrats, you just got christened as a big brother.”
“That’s right, Cas,” Dean shouted and walked to the end of the bed, yelling at the angel’s back, “Leave, just like you always do.”
“Um,” Cas swallowed, looking down at the several balls on the holder.
“I’m fine,” Jack shook him off and instead of getting to his feet, simply crossed his legs and tilted his head as he continued staring at Joey.
It only took him a few minutes between his fingers and his mouth to bring Cas to her first screaming orgasm, wetness spilling out of her as he let her ride it out. Dean leaned down to give one last lick from the bottom to the top, and Cas began twitching from overstimulation, her legs finally falling to the side and releasing the death grip on Dean’s head.
“I love you too,” Dean replied, “Now let’s meet our daughter.”
“We’re doing the spell,” Sam interrupted, walking to the dresser with the infant still in his arms and nodding as Jack began mixing the items together in a large bowl. “Maybe Cas’ grace will be able to heal him better if he’s in his original true vessel.”
Joey bit her bottom lip before smirking and disappearing, a strong wind blowing the mens’ hair in her wake.
“Great, now you’ve got me going, you ass...it is
Goddamn witches.
“Is it though?” Sam asked quietly, one side of his mouth pulling to the side.
They walked together into the lobby, if you could call it that. There was a single metal folding chair off to the side, and a narrow desk with a crooked sign that had ‘yell for service’ written in sloppy handwriting hanging from it. Sam sighed dramatically, and when Dean turned to look at him he just shrugged and walked forward.
Dean rolled his eyes and dropped his head back, “I told you that wasn’t for you. Plus, we added a whole slew of other wardings. Hell, I even threw a few nephilim sigils up but you don’t see Jack complaining now do you?”
“Wait,” Dean held up a hand, “We…we get to say good-bye, right?”
separating at the time.”
“You,” Cas stopped moving and turned, his head tilted.
“I don’t know, she must just be more stubborn than you,” Dean chuckled, shrugging.
“Okay Dean,” Cas placated him, nodding as they both silently tied their shoes. Once they were finished, Cas stood up and patted his thighs with his hands.
“I wanted someone to share an apartment with, and then; Enter Castiel. Is that better?…Good.
“Holy water?” Dean arched an eyebrow, and Sam nodded. “Good idea.”
Well, this is it! The final chapter! This is my first multi-chapter fic, and I'm so grateful to all of those who have read, commented, and given kudos!
“They’re…” she began, trailing off with a questioning look on her face that Jack recognized from the many times he had seen it on Castiel, “They’re not getting a divorce?”
“I, of course, start running around the house, cleaning and organizing and—fuck, was I nesting? Cas, I was fucking nesting!…anyway.
“I know that I’m not technically your father, not yet any way,” he tilted his head and raised his eyebrows, waiting until she nodded to continue, “but I can say with absolute certainty that the Dean and I that are in the future are terrified out of our minds looking for you.”
“I don’t know how she got into the bunker to begin with,” Sam sighed, lowering his gun to the side of his thigh, “But I wonder if the warding is keeping her from leaving.”
“Wait,” Sam’s eyebrows wrinkled together and his head snapped over to his brother, “As in—“
Ever since Joey had arrived, Dean couldn’t help but wonder what it would’ve been like if Joey had traveled back to a more distant time. Imagining Cas interacting with a child in the early years was interesting, and Dean shuddered to himself as he formed a picture of the original ‘raised you from perdition’ Castiel being hugged by a tiny nephilim.
problem?” she shouted, her eyes wide now with a pleading look as tears began to form in them.
“My head hurts,” Past Jack chuckled, shaking his head, “But honestly, I’m not sure. It might be because it’s been less than twelve hours, it could be because you’re
“I don’t know,” Dean replied sharply, “But it keeps freaking out and jumping all over the place and it’s gonna end up hurting someone.”
“What song?”
Cas,” Dean shouted, shaking his head roughly, “You…you were sliced open.”
“We’re right here, Jojo,” Dean said quietly.
“Fine I’ll try,” Cas huffed, “You know, Sam does the puppy dog eyes much better.”
“Dean doesn’t, but I do,” Cas turned her head to look out the side window, her jaw clenched tightly.
*audio stops*
“I…I guess not.”
“Oh,” Dean mumbled, biting the insides of his cheeks nervously, “Well, okay then.”
“I love it,” Dean raised his head and lifted a hand to Cas’ cheek, smiling brightly.
“I just don’t understand,” Sam placed a hand on Cas’ chest, stopping the angel from moving around him and opening the door, “If she’s an angel, why is she so scared?”
“As far as I know,” Cas nodded, “I’ve never heard of an angel being formed unless through sexual intercourse with a human.”
“I felt something,” Dean said loudly, shaking his head, “I felt something move.”
Dean jogged up the stairs and, once he reached the top, began calling the angel’s name. He let out a long breath dramatically and dropped his head, his hands on his hips.
“Cas seriously, it was already humiliating enough when it actually happened, can we just—ugh. Fine. You owe me.
“If it’s not a demon, then that means,” Cas stopped mid sentence, shaking his head angrily, “I need to see it to determine what angel took a poor child as a vessel.”
"Joey," Cas groaned, looking down at her with narrowed eyes, "Please just tell us?"
“What did she say?” Sam nudged Jack’s arms with his elbow, watching attentively as Dean argued with Cas.
*sigh*
“I’m hungry,” she responded before rolling her eyes and whipping the towel at Dean, turning to brace her top half against the door jamb.
She perked up at the Enochian coming from Cas’ lips, pulling her face away from his shirt and looking at him with a sad smile. Dean walked around to face her, standing directly next to Cas as he reached out and gently wiped her tears from her cheeks with his thumb.
“Shall I go find a guitar?” Sam asked sarcastically from the doorway.
Dean scoffed, “Good luck with that, it won’t stop flying long enough to talk.”
“Dean?” she asked quietly.
They both jumped at the sound of the loud booming voice coming from the doorway, and they turned and were surprised to see Sam standing with his arms crossed.
“Like what?” Cas asked.
“But nothing,” Cas interjected, holding up a hand before placing it on Dean’s shoulder, “Although the two of us are not currently engaged in a relationship other than our friendship, I can say with complete honesty that there’s nothing you could do to make me want to leave. I imagine that in the future, when we somehow have created a child together, that sentiment would only grow to insurmountable forces.”
“Sammy?” he yelled, his hand moving to rest on the butt of his pistol as he chose a direction and started walking. He continued calling his brother’s name, and it wasn’t until he came around a corner that he heard a reply.
“You lost a lot of blood,” Jack said quietly.
Dean whipped his head up to glare at his brother, shaking his head. Cas chuckled softly and shook his head.
of talking that night, followed by a lot of
just want to—yes dear. Okay dear. No more talking about waxing my pole or beating my meat or wrestling the worm,
Dean stood perfectly still as Cas’ words sunk in, his shoulders sinking as his eyebrows lowered.
“Are…you…
“And I am but a mere seraph.”
is she just a baby?” Dean scrunched his brow in confusion and looked over to Jack.
“I…it,” Dean sputtered, then turned and grabbed his ball before walking back up, this time much more focused on knocking down the last two pins. They were right next to each other on the end, so it wouldn’t be difficult. He slowed his breathing and let the ball loose, pumping his fist when it combined with the two pins and sent them flying to the back. He then turned slowly towards Cas, his arms outstretched in a dramatic shrug.
“Instead of ACE dropping me, they hooked me up with a new agent, one Miss Charlie Bradbury, aka the coolest chick I know. My sales didn’t plummet, they skyrocketed. And, as it turns out, when you surround yourself with positive, life-affirming people, it doesn’t matter if you’re gay.
“I’m aware,” Dean looked over at him, a twinkle in his eye. They stayed like that for a moment, staring into each other’s eyes like they had so many times in the past eleven years. This was a rare occurrence, as it was happening without the threat of injury or death.
Joey giggled and swatted his hand away before sighing and smiling at him. “I love you, Bubba. Thank you.”
“Cas?” Dean cocked an eyebrow and tilted his head.
“Because you can’t always rely on me to be your method of communication,” Jack said quietly, a small smile on his face.
“I like her.”
“Do you like sleeping? We should do it together sometime.”
“I don’t think we have another option,” Jack shrugged.
“Actually, about that,” Jack pulled his lips between his teeth and looked down, messing with his fingers.
Dean drew a sharp breath and closed his eyes, blowing it all out his mouth before reopening them to look at the angel beside him.
“You call Jack ‘Bubba’?” Dean snorted, his shoulders bouncing with the movement and causing him to realize the position he was in. He cleared his throat and instantly straightened his back, scooting his butt as far to the opposite side of the couch as he could.
Later that same day, Cas walked up behind Dean in the library and pressed himself against his backside, his breath hot against Dean’s ear as he spoke.
“So, there I am, twenty-two years old, walking the red carpet for some movie—what, Cas? Oh, that’s right, it was ‘Step up’! Damn, Channing Tatum is so hot in that…oh come
“You’re ready and raring to go, huh?” Dean chuckled as he got up and joined Cas near the bowling balls, “You can go first.”
“Yes, Dean,
“Yes dear, I’ll tell them...we still have that keychain, it’s hanging in a shadow box above our bed.
Sam jumped up from the ground and crawled over to the flamethrower, and when he turned to look at his brother he saw Dean falling to his knees, one wendigo behind him holding onto his hair and the other one poking a claw into the exposed gaping flesh of his abdomen.
“Hello,” he held up his hand in his signature Jack greeting, smiling as he carefully dropped to his knees directly in front of the girl, “I’m Jack.”
“A mile?” Dean moaned, unlocking the trunk and yanking it open as he rolled his eyes, “In the snow?”
Joey’s face slowly brightened, her mouth widening into a smile before she lunged forward and wrapped her arms around Jack’s neck, stuffing her face into the crook. Jack almost fell backwards from the force of it, but instead stood up and lifted her into his arms. He closed his eyes and squeezed her tightly before pulling back and rubbing the top of her head.
“How what’s possible?” Sam asked, crossing his arms.
“I think it’s more likely that it’s because she’s Dean’s kid,” Sam scoffed from where he was leaning against the wall, “I’m sure she’s stubborn as hell.”
“Daddy I’ll be with Bubba,” Joey rolled her eyes and looked up at her father, “I
“Cas, stop,” Dean groaned, “I don’t understand why we keep having this argument.”
“Women’s clothing has a lot more buttons and clasps,” Cas responded with a slightly annoyed tone.
The younger Winchester closed his eyes and took a deep breath before taking the few steps to the side and looking between her legs.
No matter who they talked to, they couldn’t fix Cas.
“Why don’t you go get Cas?” Sam sighed, “He’ll be able to tell what she is.”
“Okay, but—“
, he said.
“I went on my first tour the year after that, which was the wildest experience of my life. Cas was, of course, by my side the entire time. Sammy had to stay back in Seattle, since he was halfway through law school at the time. He did attend my homecoming concert though, and I dragged his giant ass on stage with me right before intermission, even made him sing along to ‘Blue Steel’. Heh, he was so mad. The moose is
“You were right though,” Dean nodded, “It’s time to quit.”
“This place gives me the creeps,” Sam muttered once they entered their room. It contained two more metal folding chairs on either side of a table with a book holding up one of the legs, and two beds that seemed to have multiple unknown stains along the bedspreads.
“Hey kid,” he patted his back roughly before pulling back so Cas could hug him as well.
“What? What are you talking about?” Dean yelled worriedly, trying to turn his body to the side to look at Cas’ face.
“Well where is she?” Dean turned and clenched his jaw.
“I mean,” Dean reached up and ran a hand through his hair, groaning, “I guess that makes sense.”
Sam let his brother vent his thoughts, intermittently giving a tight squeeze when he felt like he needed it. The tears were freely flowing down Dean’s cheeks, and Sam could feel where they hit his forearm when they rolled from his face.
Dean smiled at the young man and gently moved her so Jack could take her from him, walking over to place an arm around Cas as they looked at the two nephilim together.
If it was three months previous, he would have thought nothing of it. He was used to rolling over onto the cool side of his bed, enjoying the drastic temperature change for a few minutes before getting up. Now, he had become accustomed to rolling over onto a warm body, his legs tangling with his partners’ as he snuggled his nose onto their chest.
left his dirty dishes on the counter next to the sink. Let me repeat that,
“You know, Dean,” Cas asked with a false innocence, her tongue sinfully running along the entirety of her lips as she leaned closer to him. “The last person who looked at me like that, I got laid.”
“What?”
“Yeah,” Dean chuckled, running a hand through his hair, “Dad ended up coming home within a day or two and apologized, and everything was back to normal. But in that moment all I wanted was to hide away somewhere, so I know how Joey feels.”
Sam bit his lip to try and stop from laughing, shaking his head as he turned to look at Jack. He was expecting the young man to be confused, but instead he had a bright smile on his face as he watched Dean and Cas turn into the hallway with Joey.
“You know what I like in a guy?” Cas asked as he slowly crawled onto the bed, his voice dipping dangerously low as he moved on top of Dean.
Cas of course picked a bright yellow one, struggling to remember where to put his fingers. Dean watched with his head dropped, looking through his eyelashes with his brows raised. He tried to wait it out and let Cas figure it out on his own, and was glad when Cas sighed exasperatingly and turned towards him.
“Dean,” Sam shook his head slowly.
“Dean, I looked everywhere and there’s no pie, so you’re just going to have to—“
“Wait a second,” Sam snapped his fingers before pointing to Cas, “Didn’t you say when you were trying to read her mind, you saw a woman with dark hair and blue eyes?”
Cas shrugged, “I think so.”
“Stop,” she squealed as he continued tickling her, her legs kicking wildly as she tried to get away from him, “Daddy,
"It's about
“What?” Cas asked loudly.
“I’m sorry,” Dean reached out blindly and grabbed her hand, giving it a tight squeeze, “I’m just…this is such a weird situation for us to be in.”
Sixty days that Dean had to deal with the love of his life being stuck in a body that was not his own. They had argued more in those two months than ever before in their entire lives, and for Dean and Castiel, that was certainly saying something.
“Wait, that’s what you got out of that?” Dean snapped his head to look at Cas with an eyebrow cocked.
“Cas, you gotta push,” Sam interrupted suddenly, his face concerned as he looked between Cas’ legs, “I think the cord is wrapped around her neck.”
“Nope,” Sam scoffed, shaking his head with his hands on his hips.
“I have no idea,” Dean let out a long breath, then placed a hand on the angel’s shoulder, “You keep looking up here, I’ll follow him.”
“I’m just saying,” Dean put his hands up, “Jack is god now, heaven probably has 4G.”
“And your point is?” Cas yelled back, taking a few steps forward to glare up at him.
“What? No, that’s not—“
“Cas,” Dean whispered, pressing his lips together.
The angel cocked his head to the side before looking down and realizing that he was barely covered once the blanket had fallen to the side, and he was only wearing a sheer light blue tank top that barely came to his belly button.
“I know,” Cas nodded, “Let’s keep looking, maybe we’ll find a sign of where she went.”
“...Cas you big sap, stop crying...no, no way, I’m not...
“What the…” Dean muttered, his mouth dropped open and his eyebrows raised. Cas let out a long breath, shaking his head as he put his hands on his hips. Sam looked over their heads and immediately bit his lip to stop from laughing.
Sam held up his hands defensively, “Hey, I was just kidding, I wanna stay for the concert.”
“How would a child be able to get into the bunker?” Cas asked quietly, his eyes darting around at the ground.
“Please Uncle Sammy?” Joey asked quietly, a slight whine to her voice as she pouted her bottom out and looked up at him.
“In the future though,” Dean hissed, “And even that I’m still not believing.”
“Dean’s right, Sam,” Cas nodded solemnly.
“Ahem. What I
, Dean,” Cas called over her shoulder as she hurried towards their bedroom, Dean followed by Jack and Sam in tow.
“Are you sure you’re okay?” he asked quietly, wrapping a hand around the back of the angel’s neck.
“Alright Mister Cocky, get out there,” Dean rolled his eyes and waited until Cas turned around before giving him a quick swat on his ass. The angel whipped his head back and pursed his lips with a dark look in his eye, and Dean swallowed down the lump in his throat at the dominant gaze.
“Is it ours? Forever.
Dean turned and looked at Cas with an eyebrow cocked in confusion, “I’m sorry, what?”
Jack smiled sweetly before nodding, “Of course.”
“Is that a challenge, Cas?” Dean leaned back down, rubbing their noses together lightly as her eyes blinked slowly.
“What if I take her back myself?”
“Hello Dean, Cas,” Jack nodded, closing his eyes as he squeezed the angel tightly.
“Did I win?”
“Shut up,” Sam hissed before taking a deep breath, “We’re not here to hurt you, okay?”
“Listen,” she shouted through the pain, “We know that there’s a chance that I’m going to die. I need you to promise you’ll take care of her if that happens.”
“She was walking down the hall towards the kitchen,” Jack began, looking back through the doorway to make sure Joey was still asleep, “Then she heard you two arguing, so she tried to sneak to listen to the conversation.”
“It’s a girl?”
All of the eyes in the room went to where Joey was still resting her head against Cas’ shoulder, looking down at the ground.
“Well, I...”
“You were yelling about…you know what, it’ll be easier if I just show you,” Jack reached up to their foreheads with outstretched fingers. Before he pressed against them, he looked at them both, “Remember, this is from Joey’s point of view.”
“Calm down,” Dean huffed out a sharp breath, “It’s a kid.”
She opened her eyes and saw that both of her fathers had tears streaming down their faces as their eyes darted over her face as if to make sure she was okay.
“No,” Cas spoke up, causing Dean to turn around and look at her with his face contorted in confusion.
Jack looked back and forth between the two men, biting his bottom lip as he nodded slowly. He took a long breath, looking down at Joey’s sleeping face and stroking her hair softly before opening his mouth to speak.
“Sammy,” he shouted, but his brother whipped his head around and held a finger to his lips. Once Dean took another step forward, he saw that the little girl was sitting in the center of the devil’s trap, her head stuffed into her knees that were bent against her chest.
Cas pushed down on Dean’s shoulder, and the hunter let out a huff before slowly following Cas to the ground, crossing his legs and sitting indian style. Cas began making small noises with his mouth, and suddenly a small black furry head popped over the top of the bed. Cas continued making the noises and the kitten ran over and began sniffing the angel’s outstretched hand. When it ran its nose under his thumb, Cas wrapped his large hand around the kitten’s waist and pulled it to his chest.
“I know, but—“
“Okay Uncle Sammy,” Joey giggled before she wrapped her arms around his neck and placing a quick peck on his cheek.
“I believe that that specific pick up line is insinuating sexual intercourse rather than actual sleeping, Dean.”
“No, Dean,
Dean’s head snapped towards the dungeon door, which was wide open. He pulled out his gun and raced forward, pointing the barrel into the room before he bent his upper half in. He first noticed Sam kneeling on the floor and drew a sharp intake, running towards him.
Sam tightened his jaw and quickly dropped the bag and pulled out the flamethrower as Dean reached out and turned the door handle, peeking over his shoulder to make sure that Sam was paying attention before he pushed the door open.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Dean whispered, swallowing down the lump in his throat as he forced his gaze to remain on Cas’ eyes and not drift down to where the angel had just licked his bottom lip.
Dean and Cas both nodded before Jack let out a slow exhale and allowed his eyes to glow golden. The two men both slammed their eyes shut, allowing their minds to be thrown into the memory.
“Are you saying you don’t want to do this anymore?”
“I know,” Dean swallowed loudly, “But at the end of the day, Jojo’s happiness is all that matters.”
“Um, so,” Dean coughed, then scratched the back of his neck as he turned and looked at the ground, “Jojo, you think you can let Jack read your mind now?”
Dean woke up alone.
“Ever since Eileen left, he’s been very depressed,” Cas smiled sweetly and looked off to the side at nothing in particular, “I think that our relationship was making him feel lonely.”
“Wait,” Sam scowled, “I don’t hear anything.”
“Your contractions are only two minutes apart now, Castiel,” Jack held up his phone where he had been timing them for the last several hours.
“Or Jojo,” Cas shrugged.
“And as a celestial being, I think you should listen to me when I say that this,” Cas finally let her hand drift down to the waistband of Dean’s sweatpants, one finger squeezing its way between the slight pudge of his stomach and the tight material, “is okay.”
he said yes…hush, Cas, I’m doing something here…I had to slide the rabbit’s foot into his hand, and the look on the poor guy’s face when he feels that there’s something fuzzy attached to the ring I just proposed to him with…man, priceless.
“Take her out of here, Sammy,” Dean said quietly, refusing to let his eyes move from Cas’ still body.
“You called her a baby,” Cas whispered, swallowing hard, “You’ve only ever called her the nephilim.”
“Dean,” Cas screamed suddenly, her hands reaching down to grab a hold of Dean’s calves, “Promise me.”
My cover art for this will not stay up, so I'm just posting a link instead. https://twitter.com/Nurse_Curry/status/1258500765833969665?s=20
“Yeah yeah, a butterfly flaps its wings, something crazy happens, whatever,” Dean wiggled his head with an eye roll, “Wouldn’t the crazy stuff have already happened though?”
“Huh?” Dean asked.
“Cas,” Sam began, slowly walking towards the couple, “Do you mean to tell me that I’ve had to deal with Dean’s whining and crying and just plain cranky ass behavior for almost two weeks just because you’re worried that I’m lonely?”
“But you don’t know that for sure,” Dean tilted his chin down to look at Cas through his eyelashes. The angel turned and made eye contact, then rolled his eyes.
“I don’t know, Dean. It’s not like we can put angel cuffs on a child,” Cas turned and instantly held up a finger when Dean opened his mouth, “We are not putting angel cuffs on a child.”
“I let him pick.”
, he can do anything. He can save anyone, he can bring Cas back.”
Once they were in the bowling alley, Dean realized that they had no idea what size shoes Cas wore. They had to take off his shoes that he never changed and looked at the size, and Dean was surprised when it was made aware that Cas wore a size and a half bigger than Dean. He tried not to think of the stupid childish quote about big feet, but found his mind instantly jumping right into the gutter when Cas bent over to untie his shoes and his ass was on display.
“I’m not,” she shook her head with a small grin, “I know you won’t hurt me, Bubba.”
“Cas,” Dean breathed out, shaking his head roughly, “That’s not it and you know it.”
“Fine,” Dean rolled his eyes and pulled out of Cas’ arms to walk towards the bed. “You have to promise it’s the last one.”
“Fine,” Dean mumbled, crossing his arms and glaring at his boyfriend who was now grinning like mad.
“Anyway, I had a relatively normal upbringing. Mom worked in the local diner, Dad was a mechanic. I was originally gonna follow the family business, open up my own garage, but then my high school choir teacher persuaded me to do a solo during one of our concerts, and as it turned out, there was someone there who knew someone who knew someone in the music industry. Next thing I know, our phone’s ringing off the hook with record producers from all over the country.
Cas lifted her head and watched as Dean grabbed the stretchy waistband of her shorts along with her lace panties with his teeth and teasingly pulled them down, his hands eventually reaching around the backside and helping them over the curve of her ass. He carefully pulled them down over her feet, tossing them off to the side before sliding back up the bed. Cas hissed as Dean mouthed up her thigh, his beard scratching in the best way over the sensitive skin.
Cas rolled her eyes and shook her head before turning and heading towards their bedroom to pack their bags.
“Maybe you should go first,” Cas sighed with his eyebrows knit together, looking around Dean at the long lane.
“Joey,” he spoke quietly, tilting his head down to try and meet her gaze. Joey continued looking down, playing with her fingers as she nibbled her lips. Cas slowly reached out and put his finger under her chin, gently pulling her face up to look at him. When their eyes met, Joey had a single tear breaking over her bottom lid and trailing down her cheek.
“Seriously? We-“ Dean began.
“She’s not hurt, she’s just scared. Sing again,” Jack shouted, “Sing to her.”
“Here she is,” Sam whispered, leaning down to place a quick kiss on her forehead before holding her out for Cas. The angel carefully pulled the infant into his arms, his breath catching as she wiggled slightly and made soft whining noises before snuggling into his chest.
“I was staying with Grandma Jody and Aunt Alex while my dads and Uncle Sammy went on a hunt,” she reached up and wiped her nose, “Then I thought I heard one of them praying for me so I lied to Grandma and told her I had to go to the bathroom and then I flew to them. When I got there they were all getting hurt by some vampires. I tried using my powers to help them,” she trailed off, holding her palms up and looking down at them.
“Okay, so it’s not an angel,” Dean nodded, crossing his arms, “Then what the hell is it?”
“Uh, yeah,” Sam replied sarcastically, “You guys may be going on your first real date, but you’ve essentially been together for eleven years.”
It was a witch’s fault that had Dean sitting in a mall dressing room, his hands clasped in front of him and his head hung low. They had, per the usual Winchester manner, underestimated their opponent and caused Cas to be cursed. While they killed the witch almost immediately after, it still didn’t negate the curse’s effects on the angel. It of course couldn’t be a simple curse, like his teeth falling out (which he could have fixed on his own), no, it had to be this.
Which is why Dean was currently sitting in the backseat, Cas’ head on his lap as she laid across the cushion, dried blood covering most of her shirt and the bottom half of her face.
“No, I asked her if she was hungry or thirsty and she just shook her head,” Sam sighed, crossing his arms, “Did you guys get a hold of Jack?”
“All this future talk is giving me a headache,” Dean groaned and rubbed the back of his neck, accidentally rubbing the top of Cas’ fingers in the process.
Dean spun around on his heels, jumping from the sudden voice behind him. His shoulders instantly relaxed when he made eye contact with Jack, and smiled widely before stepping forward and engulfing him in a hug.
“In regard to what?” she turned and looked at him with a slight tilt of the head that reminded Sam of Cas’ old vessel.
Sam let out a long breath, his tongue wiggling around the insides of his cheeks before he shook his head and rolled his eyes, pointing the streaming device at the television.
It had been several years since Dean had looked at a real pair of tits, and while he knew that this was Cas, it still felt like cheating as his eyes ravaged over the perfect nipples, already hard from the cold air. Cas seemed to catch onto his thought process and sat up abruptly, moving to her knees and crawling towards the edge of the bed where Dean remained standing still.
“Can you...” she trailed off, biting the insides of her cheeks, “Can you hold my hand?”
Sam’s face suddenly fell forward, and his eyes widened drastically. He held up a finger and nodded quickly, turning and rushing down the hall.
Dean and Sam waited patiently for only a moment before Dean loudly spoke.
“Cas,” Dean groaned, running a hand down his face as he took a step closer to the angel, “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean it like that—“
“You might not know it anyway,” Joey bit her lips and played with her fingers, opening her eyes and looking up at the ceiling.
“Where are you going?”
Joey visibly stiffened under his hand, her arms tightening slightly around Cas’ neck. Cas looked up at Dean and sighed before reaching up with one arm and pressing gently against the back of her head.
“The um…the baby?” Sam chuckled softly.
“What?” Dean snapped, his gaze still focused on Castiel as she bit her bottom lip.
“Yes Dean,” Cas nodded, leaning into the embrace, “I’m okay.”
Just as Dean craned his head back to ask Cas what he was talking about, a tortie kitten lunged from out of nowhere at Dean’s chest, its tiny claws digging in as it batted at Dean’s necklace hanging from his neck. He let out a shriek and pushed up onto his knees, grabbing at the tiny ball of fur attached to his chest. He was able to gently pry its legs from him and held it out in front of his face, breathing heavily from the pain.
“It was the two of you.”
“It’s your turn now,” Cas tried to roll them, but Dean held his ground and shook his head.
“Cas, wait,” Dean pressed a hand onto his chest, pushing him away just enough that he could speak but still keeping their bodies touching.
“So she’s either a demon or an angel,” Dean replied quietly.
“Oh,” Cas replied shortly before nodding, “Uh, thank you.”
“Absolutely,” Dean responded, “You saved their—our—damn it, you saved the lives of everyone there.”
“Yes you do,” Jack insisted with a quick nod, “Well, not usually like that, you’re more of a rough punch-in-the-arm ‘hey you’re doing good kid’ kind of guy—“
“This kid is going to curse like a sailor,” Sam rolled his eyes with a chuckle.
As if on cue, the baby sneezed suddenly and snot shot all over his shirt. Sam and Dean both burst out laughing, and Cas pulled his lips between his teeth to try and hold back his smile as Jack slowly looked up with a disgusted curve to his lips.
“Exactly,” Dean narrowed his lips together, shaking his head, “They’re one of the most powerful beings, who knows what could happen if we bring them together?”
“What’s the problem now?” Dean moaned and spun around in the chair, rolling his eyes.
“Okay,” Cas nodded and turned back to the little girl, “Um, hello. My name is Castiel. I’m an angel—“
Dean threw his arms out to the side, exasperated, “Hello, GED over here, can someone clue me in?”
“God I hope that’s her head,” Sam muttered, shaking his head and looking towards the desk where Dean had set a box of gloves and hand sanitizer. He cleansed his hands and put on a pair of the disposable gloves, then added another pair just for safe measure.
“What if you had to take a female vessel for some reason?” Sam sighed dramatically, “It wouldn’t be the first time, right?”
They decided to get Joey a little more comfortable for Jack to read her mind, so they went into Dean’s bedroom and had her lay on the bed, her head on a pillow in her brother’s lap.
Dean initially didn’t know how he felt about the whole ‘Jack being god now’ fiasco. He trusted the kid of course, especially after he literally saved all of mankind, but he was worried about the power going to his head. However, once Billie had actually spoken the words ‘Jack is god now’ aloud to everyone, the kid’s reaction calmed Dean’s concerns.
*audio cuts off*
“No, Sam, stay,” Dean held a palm up before turning to look at his brother, “Tell Cas that she’s being ridiculous.”
“I know,” Jack turned and gave him a small smile, “Most nephilim aren’t exactly good.”
Dean rolled his eyes as Cas pulled her closer, one hand on the back of her head. He smiled and kissed her temple before she leaned back in his arms, a bright smile on her face. She let her forehead fall forward slightly until it touched Cas’, and both of their eyes shone with their grace for a brief moment.
Joey turned and gave one last pensive glance down the empty hallway before looking back at her brother with a soft smile.
Cas’ eyes lit up and his smile grew even wider, “You like it?”
“Let me paint a picture here; Claire is seven, Jack is barely four, Ben is two and a half, Jesse is eighteen months, and Alex and Krissy are
“Yeah, and she was waiting in the kitchen,” Sam scoffed, “I’m surprised you didn’t see her, you walked right past it.”
“Are you a stripper? Because I have a pole in my pants you can use.”
“What? That doesn’t make sense,” Dean shook his head and crossed his arms.
“Jack,” Cas said quietly enough to not wake Joey, but loud enough to gather the young man’s attention, “Are you okay?”
“Sam, I need you to look down there,” Cas gestured with her hands to where her legs were spread.
Dean’s eyebrows raised and he cleared his throat when he heard Sam and Jack holding back laughter from behind him. He shot them a quick glare before shaking his head and bending over at the waist, getting on Joey’s level before speaking again.
“Sounded more to me like Cas—
“Sorry,” Future Jack apologized quickly, “I should’ve gone a little slower.”
“He’s in the library.”
“Charlie says she’s going to post this on her podcast, and I’m honestly just glad she let me do it like this instead of a video.
“Okay,” Jack nodded and walked towards the hunter, giving him a bright smile. Dean cocked a confused brow at him before shaking his head and walking towards the stairs.
“I’m fine,” she shrugged, then turned and look at Jack with an apologetic smile, “I’m sorry Bubba, I didn’t mean to.”
“Don’t forget the flare gun,” Dean bent over and reached to the back, grabbing the large barreled handgun.
“Jack,” Cas took a step forward, and just when he was about to reach out and touch his shoulder Joey grunted and Jack’s hands were expelled roughly from her skin. He fell backwards onto his hands, then shook his head and looked at the little girl with a shocked expression.
“I know,” Dean shrugged with a smirk as Cas moved past him to walk back down the steps.
listen,” Cas growled as she came toe to toe with Dean, staring up at him, “I know that because I’m in a female vessel now you have this misperceived notion that I’m somehow weaker, but I can assure you that this is not the case.”
“Once Mom realized that it wasn’t going to work, us staying in Lawrence, she made the decision to move me and Sammy to Seattle, where the main office of ACE is located. She and Dad got into a huge fight about it, and after he basically gave her an ultimatum—wait, can we cut that part out? Mom would be upset if we talked about this…okay, thanks Charlie.
“Yes, Dean,” Jack insisted, nodding enthusiastically, “There’s no way her memories could lie to me, she’s too young.”
“Bubba,” Joey began to whine, her grip on Dean and Cas tightening.
“Nice pants, can I test the zipper?”
“I like movies,” Jack announced, a goofy smile on his face as his gaze moved around the men in the room before landing on the child, “What movie do you want to watch?”
“It’s not a baby!” Dean suddenly shouted, turning and yelling down directly into Cas’ face. She froze and moved to sit up, this time using her angel strength to shove Dean’s hands away from her.
“Are you sure he’s okay?” the waitress asked with a concerned look as Sam and Jack rushed out.
Dean had no idea where this came from, and why did he have to choose to give up sex of all things. He had asked the angel why on this green earth he wanted to do Easter. Dean himself had no memories of ever waking up to a brightly colored basket with eggs hidden around the house, so why the hell did Cas want to do Easter crap this year? Cas insisted that it had nothing to do with the actual holiday, and even pulled the ‘absence makes the heart grow fonder’ bullshit.
Once they both grabbed a quick bite to eat at a diner down the road, it was time to head for the woods. They found a small dirt road that led to a marked path, and were grateful to find there were no other cars.
“I’ll show you,” Dean leaned forward and placed a quick peck on her lips before dipping his head and placing open mouth kisses along her chest, his hands simultaneously squeezing both nipples before his lips finally engulfed one. Cas threw her head back and gasped, her own hands going to thread into Dean’s hair to hold him in that spot. He sucked and gave little bites and while yes, it had been a while since he had had a women’s breast in his mouth, he wasn’t an amateur by any means.
“Dean,” Cas whispered, and when the hunter turned to look at him, Cas had literally the exact same expression that Joey had on her face.
“Challenge accepted.”
“She is,” Cas nodded, then looked up at Dean with a small smile, “Do you want to hold her?”
Jack looked around the room at the three men before closing his own eyes and pressing his fingers to Joey’s head.
“No,” Dean responded, loud enough this time that all occupants heard him.
her?”
“Cas, you know I can’t—“ Dean drew a shaky breath.
“Dean! Castiel!”
Dean’s words were interrupted when the small child again appeared before them sitting on the floor, her arms wrapped tightly around her drawn up legs. Her eyes were closed in fear, and she was slowly rocking back and forth. Once Dean realized how terrified the poor kid was, he lowered his gun and set it on a desk near the wall. Sam slowly moved to a squatting position in front of her, careful not to make any sudden movements to reduce the risk of her flying away again.
Jack paused then, taking a deep breath and glancing between the two men warily. Dean raised his eyebrows and threw his arms to the side.
Dean was cut off when another snowball smashed right into the front of his throat, making him cough and bend over at the waist. When he straightened up he saw Sam cracking up, holding his stomach with his head thrown back with laughter.
“So let’s do a bit of a time jump here, because the next, like, year and a half was super boring...Sound good, Charlie?...Okay. By the time Sammy graduated high school, which was two years later, I had released two more albums, and was definitely becoming pretty well known. Unfortunately, one of the things I demanded be kept hidden was the fact that I’m gay. If you’re following, that meant that Cas and I had to keep our relationship a secret. It’s not that I was ashamed of who I am, but where I grew up it was not…I don’t know, not acceptable? I can’t think of the right word…it just…people weren’t gay in Kansas. Or if they were, they didn’t tell anyone.
“Are you ready?” Jack asked quietly, looking between the three men with sad eyes.
“What?” Cas asked, his head tilting to the other side.
“This is not,” Cas paused, pausing as she grunted through another contraction, “It’s not actually my vagina!”
"Damn it, Cas," Dean shook his head with his eyes closed, letting out a short breath before squeezing them tighter together and bursting with the words he had been holding in for so long, "I love you, alright? I love you. I love
The three of them turned to see Castiel standing in the doorway of the kitchen, holding her extremely swollen belly with one hand and bracing her back with the other.
“Of course,” Cas responded with a snarky grin, watching as Sam let her down to play with her brothers.
“Dude, in front of Sam?” Dean hissed, shaking his head and pointing to where Sam was currently bent over laughing.
“No,” she announced again before disappearing.
“She thinks that you two don’t want her,” Jack looked pointedly at Cas and Dean.
“Any minute now,” Jack muttered, his fingers still poised on the sides of Joey’s head.
Cas looked up and pushed against Dean’s face before slowly standing and walking to the dresser, pulling out a pair of sweatpants and a t-shirt and throwing them on while Dean watched from the bed.
“I don’t…I need…” Cas sputtered as Dean ran a hand down her bare side, stopping just above the hem of her shorts.
That night, as Sam walked past his brother’s bedroom, he went against his better judgement and carefully pushed open the cracked door to look inside. Cas was laying on his back with Dean’s head on his chest and his arm draped over his waist. Jelly and Peanut were both snuggled together in the crook of Cas’ neck, and Butter was sprawled out on Cas’ chest, directly next to Dean’s open mouth. Sam shook his head as he slowly pulled the door closed, heading back to his own bedroom.
Cas narrowed his eyes and tilted his head, “What does that have to do with anything?”
“Well yeah,” Dean shrugged as she walked towards him and began trailing a single finger across his chest, making his breath catch in his throat, “You…you called Jack and you—Cas stop, I’m trying to…ahh—“
“Dean,” Sam groaned as they began searching, looking in the many empty rooms of the bunker, “She looked really scared.”
Sam furrowed his brow in confusion, then scoffed quietly. “Then what the hell was that noise?”
“I don’t like it when you guys fight,” Joey whispered.
“They won’t be able to see us yet,” Jack shook his head, letting his eyes shine gold for a brief moment to make them both invisible to others. He pushed her against the wall, his arm reached along her chest as she held onto his hand with both of hers. They both watched down the hall as the shadows grew closer and closer, the voices echoing against the walls. As soon as the figures came around the corner, Jack felt Joey’s grip tighten.
Cas sighed and nodded before slowly turning towards the little girl. She still had her head down, and the angel bit his bottom lip before walking over to Sam and leaning towards his ear.
“What is Jack gonna be able to do?” Dean asked, chasing after Cas as he rushed towards the stairs.
Just as Cas was about to lean forward to look closer at the screen, he saw movement directly at his side. Dean bent over at his waist and slipped his head under Cas’ right arm, to which the angel refused to move and simply watched as Dean slid his body between Cas and the table. The hunter slung his leg over Cas’ lap, straddling him as he wrapped his arms around the angel’s torso, his fingers clasping together. Cas continued typing on his laptop, his eyes shutting as he smiled and shook his head. Dean began scratching Cas’ back gently, and sighed contentedly as he rubbed his nose into the crook of his neck.
They both trailed off in that moment, as Joey looked so relaxed she may as well have been asleep.
“Are you telling me what to do right now?” Cas whispered as she walked directly up to his toes, poking a finger sharply into his chest, “Do I need to remind you that it was
“Well, first off, I’m going to have to erase your memories.”
“I’m worried about you, dumbass,” Dean suddenly shouted, “Do you not remember what
“So hold up,” Dean held up a hand, shaking his head, “She’s from the future?”
Jack pressed his lips together in a tight smile and nodded, reaching his fingers out until they were only an inch from her temples.
“Shut up,” Sam shot him a bitch face before gesturing to the scenery, “Look how gorgeous it is.”
Joey let out a long breath and dropped her arms to her sides, lowering her chin to look at the ground. She shook her head slowly before raising it to look at Dean, bringing a soft hand up to rest on his cheek. Dean swallowed as he looked into her bright blue eyes, feeling another strong wave of emotion overtaking him. Just as she gave him a soft smile, she lifted her hand from his face and her eyes flashed silver.
Dean bit the inside of his cheek and pursed his lips, nodding slowly. His eyes suddenly brightened and he snapped his fingers.
“Okay,” Dean whispered, swallowing loudly and taking a few deep breathes as the door swung open slowly.
“I have to go back now, don’t I.”
Dean hated Sam.
“I know, I know, it sounds like a shitty way to tell someone, but my father and I hadn’t spoken at that point in over three years, with the last words he spoke to me being along the lines of ‘We’re done, don’t bother ever coming home’. Yup, it was rough.
“Um…hi. Is that how I should start it?…what? Charlie, I can’t hear you…Did we really have to do this in the studio? I’m sure it would sound just as good if I did it on my phone...okay, okay, stop yelling…so, here we go.
Dean rolled his eyes with a laugh before leaning forward and kissing the angel again, this time much more chaste than before. When he pulled back with a loud smack, he gave Cas a wide grin and shrugged.
“I,” Dean drew a deep breath, closing his eyes and trying to focus on the feeling of Cas’ hands on his face, “I can do this, I promise, I—“
