Dean folded his arms against another cold gust of wind.  There wasn't much in the way of shelter in these rolling foothills.  He couldn't even see a tree.  Not that he could really see much of anything.
of the time before heaven's sudden crack down as something like freedom, but only because we really didn't understand what true freedom was.  We have always been under the expectation of strict obedience and have always acted with the threat of pain should we step out of line.  Even if that meant something as simple as staying a month longer or less at a post you were assigned.
There was the sound of wings beating fiercely and Dean could picture Cas' – he decided to assume it was Cas for now – lower body pivoting forward, his wings changing angle to push against the air more directly, flexing forward to break his speed and change his flight path.
Cas spread his wings high over his head, all seven feet straining into the air.  The four-foot-long flight feathers fanned out like swords and the way they caught the sunlight made the white parts glow brightly.  Cas' arms were straining over his head too, back muscles flexing.  Then he relaxed with a groan, folding his wings to his back and ruffling them violently, shaking out all the feathers and then settling them back into place, sleek and clean.
The place looked mostly deserted, save for a few dirty mattresses spread around the floor, and it looked like a dead end...until they were very suddenly surrounded by snarling, spitting vampires.
They probably didn't have time to be doing this but when Cas looked over his shoulder with a wide smile and met Dean's eye, Dean he found himself shrugging at Sam and heading for the edge of the spring.
Castiel stared up at the high vaulted ceiling of the war room, wishing he were anywhere, doing anything, other than this.
little incident they decided they needed to tweak the formula a bit and bravely, stupidly, tried again.  Their second go went a little better.  Or so I was told.  They managed to summon and bind the angel without
The walls shuddered but, with a thought, he solidified them.  He inhaled a bit of air, so that he could push it out over his vocal chords and speak.  “You don’t want me to die,” he stated, hoping that would be the end of it.  Hoping that explained everything.
Dean popped the button on Cas' jeans and watched the angel's eyes widen.  Before Dean could pull his hand away and put it somewhere safer, Cas gave a tiny nod.
After a brief argument, Dean gabbed Cas under the arms and Sam grabbed his ankles and they pressed on in the direction Cas had been walking in.
The third necro – a woman – thrust her arm forward and sent both Sam and Dean crashing into the wall at the same time a bolt of lightning crackled across the room and struck Cas square in the chest.
When Castiel looked up at Dean, leaning heavily on a weathered grave stone, the colors of the setting sun made his skin look like painted bronze and his blue eyes were dark and bright, glittering like gemstones.
But there was something dismally freeing about having those insecurities confirmed.  Maybe…maybe he could move on now.  Move on to what, he wasn’t sure, but he felt as if – despite the literal magical chains that were binding him – he had been set free from a captivity he hadn’t been aware of.
Eventually they both decided on omelettes and Dean got a glass of whole fat milk, which he made Cas drink for the calories alone.  The food came surprisingly fast, given how busy it was, and half an hour later they were on the road again, the sun high in the sky and beaming in through the windows, making the car feel like a sauna.
He couldn’t help but be envious of tacos in that moment.  Tacos were not sentient.  They did not have to think or experience anything.  They simply had to
Trying not to be too obvious about it, he took a moment longer to observe while Cas was preoccupied.
Both of them paled.  Dean swallowed, eyes darting to his wings as if hoping to read something there, but they were folded tight.
, and one thing Castiel’s instincts had adapted to accommodate was the constant danger he always seemed to be in.  Years of brainwashing and torture, of ceaseless fighting and betrayals, of constant running with no safe place to stop and rest, had left him hyper alert and slow to trust.
They'd agreed not to do this – this memory walk thing they'd read about online – until Cas seemed a bit more stable. The physiologist had warned about it triggering too much too fast but now that he thought about it, Dean was pretty sure they'd already crossed that bridge, given what had happened when Cas heard his name.
After taking a blow to the chest from that giant he could only imagine the damage he could do to someone’s head.  He tried to remind himself that headwounds, even minor ones, always bled like a stuck pig.
So maybe it was better this way, Dean thought even as his throat tightened and Cas came closer.  Maybe it's better that Cas had Hannah.  She was so much better for him than Dean ever had been.  With Dean, Cas would only end up dead, or worse.
"Man, it's packed in here," Dean observed when they pushed through the door and immediately had to move out of the way of a large, bearded trucker.
“Oh, a walk.”  He pulled back a little, rolling his shoulders and desperately trying to regain his composure.  “Yes, let's.”
after he'd finally gotten him back had made his stomach threaten to toss the eight cups of coffee he'd drank that day.
The waterfall was Cas’ favourite place to be.  Even more than his own room, Dean suspected.  He certainly seemed to spend more time there.  Though, since he’d shown Sam and Dean how to get there, they seemed to spend a fair amount of time there themselves.
Hannah stood from the stump she had been sitting on, walking behind where Cas was crouched by the fire and dragging her fingers through the feathers at the top of his left wing to get his attention.
“That bridge,” Cas told them, pointing to the one downstream.  “Is the only one that crosses the water to the base of the seven thousand steps.  And it is in the direct line of sight of that house.”  He turned back to the brothers.  “Before I returned to the inn last night, I asked some of the guards on duty at the time if they'd heard any news about the Greybeards.  None of them even seemed to be aware something had happened.  If someone lives in that house, so close to the steps, perhaps they saw something no one else did.”
Castiel was on the floor of his bedroom still, the frigid concrete had already seeped deep into his bones and he shivered, pulling his wings close from where they had spread limp across the floor.
“So sensitive,” he murmured into Cas' hair.  The angel had collapsed forward a few seconds later, burying his face in the side of Dean's neck.
Was it just an illusion, he wondered, this sudden lack of searing, all-consuming pain?  Or was it simply an inability to keep track of it any more? He'd started fracturing around the edges a long time ago, that much he knew; had started tearing away pieces of himself in some primal instinct to try and avoid the vileness seeping into him. Like a trapped animal chewing it's own leg off to get free.
But, in this instance, Dean was not what Castiel needed.  Castiel needed something big, something powerful, something that could match the savagery pumping through his veins.
The silence stretched between them and, after a few moments where neither could think of another pro to add to the list, Dean cleared his throat and moved his pen over.
As they followed the widening road Dean saw a wooden wall built in an arc over the road and, unsurprisingly, there were more guards patrolling on top of it with bows strapped to their backs.  They were dressed just the same as the ones in Whiterun and Dean assumed they had been sent by Balgruuf after the attack on Helgen.
movement within this precinct or any other precinct would be closely monitored after such information was brought to the attention of your superiors.  That is, if they allowed you any movement at all."
They didn’t apologize.  They didn’t need to and Castiel had demanded they stop.  If they hadn’t bound him, he would have killed them all.  If Castiel had had better control of himself he wouldn’t have forced them to bind him.  They kept trying to tell him otherwise.  That it was their fault, that they should have tried to help him wade through the murky quagmire that was human emotion instead of waiting until it was too late.
In his peripheral vision, Hannah made some kind of jerking motion with one of her wings and it drew Castiel's attention, his head snapping over to her, his body a rigid line of innate militant authority.
Sam was sitting a few yards away, looking around with wide, curious eyes.  Then he gave a sudden start and stood, his head swivelling. “Where's Cas?”
Dean wanted Castiel to understand, possibly for the first time ever, that he didn't have to be a perfect, self contained, self-sufficient little soldier.  That he had friends, that he was safe and loved and that he was free to do whatever made him happy.  Most importantly, that there was nothing wrong with that.
Castiel grudgingly supported him, his opposite wing flicking out for balance now and then when Dean actually did stumble over a root.  Sam stomped up the path ahead of them, mud splashing up around his boots with every step.
of them!  How much I want to –” he cut himself off, a growl of frustration in the back of his throat.
bickering too.  He could tell even through the harsh, guttural sounds of their native language that they were bickering; words which Dean had to take pains and long seconds to pronounce correctly were whipping between them in a blur of harsh sounds that Dean could never help to understand even if he spent his entire life trying to learn their language.
,” he rubbed at his eyes, everything he wanted to say swirling around in his head, getting caught up in a riptide of messy emotions, everything clambering to get to the surface all at once. “I'm so bad at this.”
“He uh…he told us it freaks him out to be trapped in here with three hunters.”  Liam’s eyes narrowed contemplatively, but Dean felt no judgement.  Not yet anyway.  He pressed on, shame wedging itself between each word.  “And uh…my mom, she’s a hunter too, she…she shot him.”
"I don't know what to tell you, Dean.  It's probably more than five and less than fifty."  Sam sounded frustrated now and Dean could easily picture him running a hand through his hair.  "I should come out and meet you guys."
Dean’s eyes were focused on his task, delicately cleaning the freshly sewn wounds.  A muscle jumped in his jaw, giving away that he was not nearly as calm as he seemed.
Dean nearly fell over the side of the railing before he realized what he was doing and managed to right himself before anyone saw him trying to eavesdrop.
While it was a tiny bit worse than he was making it sound, Dean didn’t want Cas to fuss.  Or worse, to use some of his grace healing what would fade on it’s own in just a few more days.  He’d gotten a better look at it last night when he’d taken his armor off.  His chest was black and blue and there was a big swollen patch in the center of his chest where the Orc’s armor-clad shoulder had impacted directly.
That got Cas looking at him, even if it was just to glare.  The angel pulled a glass bottle out of his bag and the brothers' attention immediately turned to it.  Even though their surroundings were growing steadily darker, the viscous green liquid inside the bottle was easy to see sloshing around.
“Just a few of many qualities he possesses that made him such a great commander.  To persist when others would have fallen back.  To push when others would have retreated.  To endure when others would have broken...”  she blinked, took another breath, and looked over at the brothers.  “Castiel has been a soldier for the entirety of his three hundred million odd years of existence, and I think...” she hesitated, looking off in the direction Castiel had disappeared in, “I think he is frustrated with how difficult he finds it to let go of that part of himself.”
Liam deposited a tattered briefcase and a very old looking doctor’s kit bag on the table, but he didn’t unbutton his forest green peacoat, instead turning back to face Dean.  “Well, you know Castiel better than I, so your and your brother’s input will be especially important over the next few days. First impressions to an angel in such an injured state are critical.  They will be even slower to trust than they normally are and if we don’t move with care and purpose, you may find that the trust they already had in you begins to wane.”
The pain never came – not like he remembered it. It was the echoes again, crawling over his skin like a thousand baby spiders; not enough to drive him mad but just enough so that he could not think of anything else. He twitched when their little razor sharp feet danced over a particularly sensitive area and tried to map them out, tried to predict which spots hurt more, but they kept moving, never letting him rest.
Dean hardly dared to breath as Cas sleepily nosed up under his chin and his fingers twitched over Dean’s heart.  The heart-stopping sweetness of a sleepy Castiel was something he could have gone his entire life without experiencing because, now that he had, there was no way he’d be able to stop wanting it every morning for the rest of forever.
- to bludgeon his attacker with, but it was getting harder to think and his muscles weren't listening to him.
Dean shared a relieved look with his brother. He had no idea how to talk to these people. Did they even speak English?  He and Sam would both need some time to just sit back and observe this new world before they would feel comfortable trying to blend in or even talk to people.
Dean relaxed and only hesitated a second before sheathing his weapon.  The guy seemed friendly enough and even if he tried something it was three against one...though the horse was eyeballing him pretty hard.
Sam practically cackled like a hyena as he got back up and Castiel rolled on to his back to stare at both of them like he was only half aware of what was going on.
A part of Dean was still hoping the three feathers were going to turn out to be no big deal.  Another part of Dean was scoffing, because if that were true then Crowley wouldn’t have offered such a juicy deal in return.
“Dead, I think.  It's so hard to see things properly right now.  Something is quite wrong with me, I think.”  he informed them mildly.
"Oh, you think that's funny?"  Dean had been going for playful, but it came out strained and breathy.
It made his head hurt, so he just jabbed his thumb into the little image of Crowley’s stupid face and brought the phone to his ear.
He vowed to pay more attention to what his body was telling him.  This kind of work was all new to him, he couldn’t expect any of his usual methods to work here.  Ignoring it until the hunt was over and then going home to lick his wounds in the safety of the bunker just wasn’t going to work here.
Cas brought the mug to his lips and hummed around the taste appreciatively. He didn't talk much, even less than he used to, but spent a lot of time watching and observing. His keen blue eyes, when they were sharp and focused, would watch both Sam and Dean with an intense scrutiny that was comfortingly familiar.
Cas still looked tense, but at least he didn't still have that cornered, wounded animal look to him.  So Dean slowly reached out, gave Cas the chance to back away or punch him in the throat, and placed a hand on his shoulder, feeling the soft feathers on the backs of his fingers again.
“Oh…er…well, I dunno he’s…we’ve known him for almost ten years, I think?  He pulled me out of hell, I stabbed him in the chest, now we’re friends.  I don’t know what to tell you.  There’s…there’s a lot of history.”
“Cas!”  Dean cried, getting to his feet and kicking a bucket out of his way and into the face of the woman that had attacked them.
The three of them stopped just inside the doors and another guard moved behind them to push it closed while they gawked.
He decided he was going to smite the pen the moment his grace was repaired enough to do so.  It probably was already.  He let it crackle through his fingers as if the pen could be threatened.
"Yeah, before they realise their buddy hasn't come back yet," Dean eventually decided.  The sooner they cleared out this nest, the sooner they could go home and Dean could sit down with Cas and watch some of those old British comedies.
Frantically, he tried to put the walls back up but they seemed to have disappeared all together, blown away.
they're a morning person so that they can feel superior.” He laughed when Cas only looked more confused.
Sam was chewing thoughtfully – and bravely – on a piece of the Hoarker loaf, his expression stuck somewhere between confusion and uncertainty, like he wasn't sure if he should be grossed out or not.
Dean handed them over, and Sam put them on.  Cas, now looking decidedly uncomfortable, tiny smile long gone, shifted in his chair, the feathers down the backs of his wings lifting a bit.
The pots started whistling and Dean clumsily pulled them off the rock and set them on the sand as Hannah started talking.
The next sign of life was a tiny frown pulling at Cas' brow and then a small twitch of his head, rolling on the pillow.
This story is going to shit I dont know what im doing dont be surprised if you come back and the whole thing has been deleted.
Castiel had taken off his jacket – it was laid out on the end of the bed, some of the pockets lumpy with whatever he’d put in them – and was standing in jeans and a grey tshirt.
The Jarl's eyes went wide and if there hadn’t been a table behind him, Dean was sure the man would have taken an instinctive step back.  As it was, Dean only just stopped himself from doing the same.
Dean reached down again to make sure the keys to the impala were still in his pocket, the soapy water from his hand soaking through the denim and leaving the skin underneath chilled.
"Yeah but he said it's down now.  In a few days he'll be right as rain.  Stop worrying so much, man."
He realized then that physical exertion wasn't going to cut it.  He needed to let off some power and he needed to do it soon.
Dean screwed his eyes shut, something black and terrifying spreading through his chest.  He balled his hands into fists and tried to force the images from his head, but the harder he tried, the clearer they seemed to become, and it was getting harder to breathe.  Unhelpfully, his lungs tried to compensate and before he knew it he was hyperventilating.  When the tips of his fingers and toes began to tingle, he stumbled backwards, sitting heavily on the edge of his bed and trying to shift gears.
"When...when you pulled me out of Hell..." he trailed off, almost expecting to feel Cas tense up beside him, but Cas stayed soft and still, his head a comforting weight on Dean's shoulder. "Um...when you pulled me out of Hell, how did - I mean, the hand print..."
The brothers shared a look and, despite the fact that Dean wanted to tell the guy to mind his business…he didn’t.
That had Castiel’s eyes snapping open to stare at the man.  He raked his eyes – all of them – over every centimeter of Dean’s face.  But it told him nothing – he’d never been good at reading emotions anyway – so he looked deeper.  Past his eyes and into his soul.
Finally, with no reason not to, Castiel looked over at the brothers who had stayed firmly on the floor.  They were silent and looked sad and…thoroughly overwhelmed.  But it was Dean that looked like he might need to vomit.
“That took considerably longer than it should have,” griped the angel, shoving off the wall and coming to meet them in the middle of the street.  Both wings flicked out in irritation and then settled tightly against his back.
If Lucifer wanted to treat him like an animal then Castiel would not disappoint.  He scrounged up every scrap of angelic savagery that had led him to victory on countless battlefields and gathered it close, pressing it down until it was ready to spring like a grenade and obliterate anything unfortunate enough to be too close.
catches me by surprise sometimes, even after all these years!”  Her smile widened when she caught Sam's eye and Dean nearly rolled his eyes when his brother shifted awkwardly and returned it with a little smile of his own.  “You know, I don't get many people passing by these days, what with everyone run off to fight in the war going on.”  Her sharp gaze traveled over each of them in turn, lingering, as most did, on Castiel and his wings.  “It has certainly been a while since anyone so interesting has passed through.” She walked past them to lean against the doorway to her house.  “Sadly,” her gaze flicked over Sam again, “My bed is only big enough for one, but the old worker lodge over there,” she tipped her chin in the direction of the overgrown house.  “Has four beds if you want to sleep there for the night.  There's a fireplace and some mead and food I store in there.  It's not much, and it hasn't been used in a while, but it's better than sleeping in the rain.  Help yourselves to anything you find.”  She sighed.  “More often then not things go bad before I can eat them myself.”
was how it felt to be on the other end of that intense angel-stare of his because he'd be lying if he said it still bothered him like it used to.  Sure, when he'd first met Cas that soul-piercing stare was a little unnerving but now...well he didn't mind it all the much.  Not when it was coming from Cas.  That’s just the way Cas was.  No one else could get away with it.
Suddenly the time was perfect and Dean felt the tight knot that had been in his chest for the last few months finally loosen and he sagged with the sudden relief of it.  He kissed Castiel fiercely, hoping against everything that it would tell Cas all the things he’d hadn’t said out loud yet.
Dean had been uncharacteristically silent the entire time, never once butting in while Sam spoke and Castiel found himself wondering what it was they had been arguing about earlier.
“What happened, Cas?” Sam asked instead, his tone gentle but firm.  His eyes darted down to the bloody tear in his pant leg then back up to his face.
The pen Castiel had been using had rolled off the edge of the notebook and sat a good foot away on the table.
“Cas, remember where you are,” Dean ordered firmly from the other side of the room. “You're in the bunker, ok? You're
And it wasn't just his lungs that felt like they were in an iron cage but his body as well.  He was pressed against something as solid as a rock and there was pressure along his back and was this what Jimmy had been talking about when he described being a vessel?
The floor felt in danger of dropping away under Dean’s feet and he stared incredulously at the side of the angel’s face.
But nothing came for him; nothing shrieked from within the darkness; nothing tried to reach in and burrow down into his mangled grace like some hellish tick. So, slowly, he let his muscles loosen, and cracked his eyes open again.
When they came back, they wasted no time stripping down to their pants and arranging their own armor as best they could to let it dry again.  The rain had stopped hours ago, but the air had remained muggy and thick with moisture.
The feeling of Cas face contorting with despair against his neck was more gut-wrenching than actually seeing it.  When he felt hot tears slip silently down his skin his throat tightened ominously.
The angel sailed over their heads and Sam half laughed, half grimaced, something Dean was feeling on the inside.
Steam curled into the air and a sweet and delicate floral scent permeated the room almost immediately.
Sam looked thoroughly pleased about something, frozen with shock and delight, staring down at Castiel with the light of a little brother that had just gotten a one up in his eyes.
He glanced through the space between Cas’ neck and wing and smirked at Sam, who was gaping like a fish.
Dean’s eyes were swimming with a lot of things Castiel likely could not decipher even if he had the energy to try.
After taking a fortifying swig, Dean pulled a stray notebook and pen over, flipping it to a clean page.
He pressed in to her personal space, could smell the sharpness of her sudden spike of fear mingling with gun powder under his nose, and she scrambled away from him.  Her eyes were wide, and she was trying very hard not to let that fear show.
Cas looked like he was rapidly losing interest in their conversation, his eyes rolling up as they so often did when he learned some strange new thing humans did that made no sense to him.
Oh, right.  “Uh, well most of them are total assholes.  Though, they…kind of have a reason to be.  They’re – their entire situation up there is pretty messed up.”  He cleared his throat and got back on track because the discussion of angels and their torture and brainwashing and blind obedience – all of which had been forced on them by a father who had abandoned them in the end – was not something he wanted to taint the peaceful forest atmosphere with.
They continued on, the plan to cut around the base of the large mountain to the north-east abandoned.  Dean was completely fine with that.
For a moment Dean considered asking if Cas was really sure he couldn't spare a little mojo but then reeled it in because he was gonna be a god damn man about this.
Sam seemed to be getting along with Mary well enough and Dean wondered if that was perhaps because he had no memories of her and so, had no expectations.  They spoke more frequently then she and Dean did but the conversations were short and shallow.  They touched on nothing of importance.  Nothing of the past or of memories or of their father.
It was sometime later, seconds or centuries, it was impossible to tell, that he became aware of someone calling his name.  He tried to determine if the voice was coming from up, down, or somewhere off-side, but wasn’t even sure where
There was a flash of blue light – grace – that washed out from under every single feather for a split second and then Cas visibly relaxed, the scowl melting off his face with a sigh.
Whiterun, Castiel told them, was directly East of where they were – though Dean wondered if the angel was as confident in the knowledge of their whereabouts as he pretended.  Not that he could call him on it if he wasn't.  He had a shaky understanding of how to use Earth's sun to navigate, but here? All bets were off.
Sam's head fell against the window with a thunk, his eyes already closed.  “We're in the middle of nowhere, Dean.”
The trio followed the single road, which carried them out of town alongside the river. Before them lay the promise of many hours of descending back down to the foothills on the other side of the mountains they had just spent three days climbing in to.
Crowley chuckled, “Let me guess, you slapped this binding on your angel without realizing what it would do and then desperately repeated a spell meant to kill him over and over to try and release him.”
, were beginning to control him as surely as the binding was.  He envisioned his true form and his vessel melting together into one grotesque combination of man and angel and he swallowed a retch.
Dean turned, letting his hands go wide in a gesture of inquiry.  “You comin' or what?”  he yelled across the moving water.
?!”  Sam gasped, holding a blood red stone up against the torch hanging on the wall.  “This is a fucking ruby.”  It was the size of a golf ball.
Dean supposed there was a lot of reasons someone might want a poisonous concoction handy but Cas just didn't seem like the poisoning kind of guy.
.  It was utter bullshit and if they thought for once second Dean wouldn't kill them both for hurting Cas the second he was free -
Dean’s heart constricted painfully, wondering just when the last time Cas had eaten was.  At the diner, he’d been nursing a mug of either tea or coffee but had he been able to effort anything more than that?  Had even the drink been a courtesy extended by a pitying waiter?
“Angel, I don’t care if you’re happy, sad, pissed off or just bored, you can always come to me and I’ll always try to make you smile.”
”  Dean screamed again, voice raw and jagged like a saw cutting through an oak knot.  His green eyes were wide, panicked, and glued to Castiel as if he wasn't entirely convinced that it was Castiel at all.
He caught up with the man in his tent and cleared his throat.  “Hey, uh, I was wondering if I could ask you one more favor.  Well, more of a trade.”
Cas felt comfortable around Hannah.  He could be himself around Hannah and, by extension, seemed to feel more at ease being himself around Sam and Dean too.
“Alright you two, shut up!”  he snapped, making sure to keep his tone light.  Though, with them, things as subtle as tone of voice were often lost on them; even Cas, after all this time, just didn't seem able to pick up on things like that a lot of the time.  If Dean didn't say it outright, make it clear, then Cas would take what he said at face value.  Often times that would leave him worried, hurt or thinking he'd done something wrong when he hadn't.  It had taken Dean a solid effort to tamper his ingrained urge to snap everything he said or soften intention and emotion with sarcasm.  But he was getting better at it, he thought.
- and Cas would press against his side all soft and warm and sleepy and so grateful for a simple cup of god damn coffee that it made Dean's chest feel like it was full of helium.
Dean bit his tongue, strangling the impulse to swear.  He didn't want to be the reason a bunch of necromancers suddenly swarmed them.
And then Dean saw the panic start to set in and he couldn't believe that he was turning out to be the calm one in this situation.  From memory, Hannah's words came to him again.
Cas had managed to explain to them eventually that he remembered more and more every day. Sometimes it was things far, far in the past and sometimes it was more recent. He told them he remembered parts of the time he'd spent with the brothers. Long rides in the impala, many nights spent researching. He said he remembered some of the bad things he'd done too. Yesterday, he remembered some of Purgatory and Dick Roman. Then he'd stared at Sam for a long time.
Dean waved him off.  “Yeah, I’m fine.  Just sore from that Orc ramming me in the chest the other day.”  He pressed his hand to his left pectoral, wincing.
Sam had both hands over his mouth to keep his laughter in so Dean pulled his shoe off and threw it at him.  Then took the other off.  He stood and pulled his shirt over his head while everyone but Cas – who, bless his soul, was looking around at them all like they were crazy – snickered at him, growling about going to soak in the water.
Sometimes Castiel was truly terrifying and Dean would be scared of him if he didn't know him so well.  Cas was ruthless when it came to hunting.  He never hesitated to kill when given the order and didn't hold back in a fight.  Watching the angel in hand to hand combat was a breathtaking sight; Cas could slice and weave and dance his way through a room full of monsters and come out the other side with hardly a hair out of place, his blade dripping with blood.
Sam was sitting at the same table by the fire as they had the night before, a small plate of bread, cheese and grapes balanced on his knee.  Almost compulsively, like he was making up for not being able to do it over the last two days, Sam kept running his fingers through his clean wet hair, slicking it back over his head.
?” he asked, feeling the sting of the word in his throat. The sounds rolled off his tongue like lead beads but the fact that he could make sounds at all was something remarkable.
“That room on you’re left, Cas.”  He tried to speak gently, as he had been the entire ride home, but Cas’ head whipped around to check behind him all the same, lingering on Dean just a little longer this time, before facing forward again and stopping at the indicated door.
“Cas!”  Sam called from the back.  “This water safe to drink?”  he asked, already crouching down by the edge of the creek and cupping his hands under the surface.
Kissing Cas was everything Dean had always imagined it would be.  Soft and charged and gentle but with a thrum of power running under Cas' hesitant touch that made him feel dizzy.
The breeze ruffled their hair, carrying the chill of evening with it like a threat, and the faint outline of the distant mountains had now bled seamlessly into the night sky, a solid black wall.  Overhead, the clouds began to merge and, ever so slowly, the moonlight faded.
When Castiel pulled his blade over, he let it grow long, fed some of his grace back in to it until it was proper sword length, glowing brightly with angelic power, and readied his own stance.
It was stupidly, ridiculously adorable, Dean grudgingly admitted. He didn't normally find things adorable, but less than twenty minutes ago when he walked through his bedroom door – they kept it open now – and saw Castiel curled up in his heated nest, his goddamn wings all fluffed up like Dean had seen the chickadees and sparrows in the woods outside the bunker do when it got cold, something deep in his chest turned warm and gooey and he'd froze there on the threshold, a mug of coffee in each hand, and stared for a solid two minutes while his heart beat softly in his chest.
His leg ached, he hadn’t healed it properly, and after Dean ordered him to lay down on his bed, he went to work undoing the new scar tissue and rebuilding the muscle and flesh properly while he still had the cognitive ability to do so.  He was very tired.
Neither of them mentioned the fact that Crowley was going to want something in return for his help and it was probably going to be something super evil.
“Well there are the Norns, Bretons, Imperials and Redguards – all of which are mostly human as far as your eyes can tell.  Then there are the Kahjiit of course and the elves.  Orcs will perhaps be a bit strange for you.  They are big and their skin is usualy some shade of green, so they are easy to identify at a distance.  They are skilled warriors but have serious attitude problems, in my opinion.  The most strange for you will likely be the Argonians, I think.  They are...reptilian in appearance.”
One corner of Cas' mouth twitched ever so slightly.  “No, there isn't.” The angel's fingers drummed once against the armrest of his chair, his blue eyes still fixed on Sam.  “Not on Earth.”
our help, that is.” Sam's curiosity had been piqued just as much as Dean's, now that Cas had acted all weird about it, and the younger Winchester stared down at the angel with his most lethal puppy dog eyes.
But he at least found solace in the fact that he was getting better at helping Cas shake that expectation faster and faster every time.  Already, his massive wings were folding back in a little, the wildness in his blue eyes calming into something less ferocious and more cautious and watchful.
“Hey, Cas,” he greets the angel, feeling the tightness in his chest ease. Every time Cas comes back to them he counts it as a victory.
Sam – being the little planner that he was – had brought Dean’s fed suit with him knowing his brother would not be amenable to stopping at the motel to change.  So Dean squirmed around in the back seat of the Dodge, contorting himself out of his not so fresh smelling pajama bottoms and tshirt and in to a very official looking suit.  However, when they got to the second hospital and flashed their FBI badges the reception nurse was – unexpectedly – unimpressed.
He waded further into the water once he’d acclimated to the temperature, feeling it seep up into the fabric of his pants – which he'd left on for everyone’s benefit.  They were light, kaki hiking pants he’d worn purposely for their quick drying quality.  When he was in up to his waist he dove forward, surfacing again right at the base of the waterfall and shaking the water out of his hair and eyes.
of the city, for one thing, and for another, it barely looked deep enough to get his ankles wet.  He wondered what the purpose of it even was.
.  Said so casually, like he was talking about taking a different route to the grocery store.  In that flat, alien voice Dean had forgotten.
At one point, after some fat snowflakes began to drift down from the sky, they came upon the mouth of a cave in the mountainside.
"You got any more of those disgusting green potions?"  Dean asked.  “We could push through without stopping and get there a little faster.”
- images that flooded his brain.  He shoved them aside, buried them in his head, deep, deep down where they belonged, feeling like a total jerk.  Here Cas was saying he was uncomfortable and all Dean could think about was how he wouldn't mind showing Cas that feeling
Cas was down to his white cotton pants that he – thankfully – left on and then was stepping into the pool, his wings held in high arches behind him, well clear of the water.
But all his new-found knowledge was not as comforting as he'd hoped, especially now that it looked like he might have learned it all too late.
"You're a bard?"  Castiel asked, blue eyes sparking with interest in the firelight.  His head canted to the side and his lips parted.  He looked upon Aeranir with sudden wonder, an expression Dean had rarely ever seen on the angel’s face before.
For a very long time after that, it was quiet. Maddeningly so, he thought. He couldn't move or speak or remember how to do either of those things. He could see nothing but didn't know where his eyes should be, or how to use them, or if they were even still there.
for a second.”  He tried to gentle his voice, worry growing all over again like a pit in his stomach when he took a moment to watch how Castiel couldn’t seem to rest his eyes on any one spot for more than a second.  Or how his hands weren’t only freezing but trembling finely as well.
Liam nodded in understanding, taking another step forward and stopping again.  “I’m sorry, that was a bit too broad of a question.  Why don’t we start with your physical body, not the vessel, but
before it brought him to his knees.  He shoved grace into his muscle fibres and turned them to stone.
So, he had a head.  He reasoned that meant he probably had everything that came with having a head too, like a body and a brain.
Inside the room, Cas' wings remained stiff and spread aggressively, but he no longer looked like he was thinking about ripping Dean's head from his shoulders. His blue eyes glinted in the reach of the hallway lights and he shifted like a shadow, visibly uneasy.
He remembered the earth before humans and remembered bloody, savage wars and remembered heaven and the slaughter of his brothers and sisters. Remembered mountains and shifting tectonic plates and honey bees and bean burritos and run down motels. He remembered a great deal, but a lot of it was still missing, showing itself in gaping black holes in the timeline of his life. And all the parts that he did remember remained stubbornly out of order, refusing to slot into their proper places no matter how hard he willed it. Had the tower of Babel fallen last year or a thousand years ago? Had he sat in the middle of a swarm of bees in a field of poppies
“Er, guys...”  Sam started, giving his brother a stern look when he cracked his knuckles and stepped between the angel and the drunk.  “We really can't afford to make a scene here.  This isn’t the kind of place I want to find myself sleeping in the street.”
"I'm still full, Dean. I don't want to eat right now." He looked incredibly uncomfortable with the idea and actually a little sick.
He didn’t leave right away, looking between the brothers as if giving them the chance to come to their usual Winchester senses…or lack thereof.  But after several long seconds, Crowley finally said, “Fine.  When things get worse and you get desperate, give me a call.  But I can’t promise the offer won’t have changed.
The next section of road was a straight descending line carved out of the side of the mountain.  It took them to a short bridge that the brothers took a moment to ogle.
The tires squealed and gravel sprayed in a shower as Dean pulled over and the hunter was out of the car before it had even come to a full stop, grin splitting his face as he barrelled in to Castiel and tried his best to crush him in a hug.
It was moments like this that reminded Dean that Castiel wasn't anything close to human. Even when he'd first met Cas – sure he'd been calm, cool and controlled and then, over the years, he'd gotten better at acting human, had genuinely picked up some mannerisms and less formal speech patterns – but what Dean was seeing now – what he had been seeing for the last few weeks – was just Castiel. Just as he was. An angel, another species with different instincts and different thought patterns that Dean didn't really understand yet. But he was learning. Slowly, he was learning.
So busy was he looking up, that he walked right into Castiel's back, soft feathers tickling his face, going up his nose and into his mouth.
All three of them turned their heads to stare at Cas where, in the light from the hallway, it was easy to see the entirely white undersides of his wings where he lay on his back.
,” Cas snapped at them, struggling to his feet while the brothers continued to gape.  He yanked his arm free of a snarl of branches, glaring at nothing in particular.
He pulled his wing from where it had been draped over Sam’s shoulder and curled both around his shoulders as best he could while sitting on the floor.  It took him a moment longer to realize his eyes were still closed and opened them.
Liam smiled, huffing a soft laugh from his nose.  “That’s very good.  Do you have a favourite experience with Sam and Dean?  Something that makes you feel warm, in here,” he tapped two fingers to his own chest, right over his heart.
Dean felt the hostility seep from him and he pushed the rest of it away with a breath from his lungs.
Then a thought occurred to him like a punch to the face and his hand darted out to grab Cas by the elbow, jerking him back a few feet.
The houses were simple, a mixture of wood and stone, but what the architecture lacked in imagination, the doors more than made up for in.  Each door on every house had intricate and elaborate carvings that had been painstakingly crafted.  Swirls and knots in the wood led the eyes naturally around the pleasing display.  Some doors even had extra metal work added to the design and each one had been loveingly hand crafted.
No.  He would not sleep.  It wouldn’t do anything other than leave him vulnerable, and he’d been feeling enough of that as it was lately without subjecting himself to more of it.
He tried not to worry about it, reminding himsef that Cas was about as delicate as a slab of concrete.  Besides, the way things were going, the angel wasn't the only one who had a very uncomfortable night ahead of him.
“I doubt very much that you’d be able to read my wings even if you had a lifetime to study angelic communication styles.”
The immense pressure in Dean’s chest eased when he saw the wide split in Sam’s skin start to knit itself back together but frowned when Cas’ hand remained in place well after it had disappeared.
He'd known this was too good to be true. He'd told himself not to let the hope in but it had crept through anyway. This was just some new kind of torture, dangling freedom in front of him only to pull it back when he finally reached for it.
"You hungry?"  Dean asked, trying not to think about how much he wanted to reach across the space between them and grab Cas' hand again.  Or his thigh or maybe wrap his arm around those broad shoulders and pull him close so that their sides were pressed together.
was the eye of a storm; so calm – so fucking calm even though Dean felt like he was falling apart.  So uncaring of what he’d just said; so unconcerned with whether he lived or died that he spoke of throwing his own life away like it was worth nothing at all to anyone.
“Tertial feathers are rooted in the bone.  It’s not like pulling out a strand of hair, it’s like ripping off a finger.”
“Yes.  There are three races of elves on Nirn.”  Castiel slipped easily into briefing mode as they passed under the sickly tree and made their way towards the market.  “There once was four but that was a very long time ago, though some claim they're still here just...changed.  High Elves, Wood Elves and Dark Elves, as we now know our Dragonborn to be,” he reminded them.  “The lost race called themselves Snow Elves but I know next to nothing about them.  The Kahjiit are another race.  They will be strange to your eyes, try not to gawk like you did when you saw my wings, it will give you away as foreigners immediately.”
He swallowed down the memory – and the icy shards it lodged in his throat – and turned in a circle, taking in every corner of the massive garage and seeing nothing.  The knot in his stomach loosened, and he took a deep breath, feeling as if he both was and was not over-reacting.  Some freaky shit had gone down in this bunker and, in hindsight, having a look around the place now and then with some holy fire specs wasn’t a bad idea.  He was reluctantly glad that Crowley had mentioned them.
sunlight on his skin, warming him up, thawing his hell-frozen atoms. As if spurred by the wish itself, the warmth crept higher over his hips, tingled up his ribs and curled around his shoulders with a weight that felt so achingly familiar he thought he might weep.
I want to go.  When an angel of the freaking Lord offers to take you to another planet to help out a powerful group of alien monks...you say
because you’re an angel and angels don’t need the same things humans need to be healthy so we’re trying to ask you to tell us how to help!”
“Ok, just…hang on,” Sam ordered, getting that look on his face Dean knew meant he had a thousand questions and was trying to decide which one to ask first.
The guard smiled with a sage nod.  "Up here in the mountains, the weather can drop from the sky like a rock.  And it gets worse the farther up you go.  The storm should pass by morning, so if you're looking for a bed or two for the night, you'll want to talk to Thorygg."  The man gestured off to their right.  "He's in the big, fancy tent at the top of the hill."
Castiel scrambled away, his chest seizing and eyes snapping open.  Dean was in front of him, his hand hovering in the air between them as if frozen in time, and the hard bulges of the door were digging hard into Castiel’s back.
If they hated seeing even the smallest glimpse of what he truly was then they could kick him out.  But, until then, Castiel could not afford the energy to care how they felt.
Though, really, after all that had happened the last few weeks, finding out he was developing yet more emotions didn’t register as important.
“Ok, I think it’s time everyone took a load off.  Sam, go get some sleep,” he ordered gently but firmly.
He looked up, but Cas was watching Dean’s hand with a small frown and Dean prepared to pull back, something cold spreading through him.  He had been right, it was too soon, Cas was too…
He made sure to hold the angel’s gaze.  “Cas, this is the safest place in North America.  It’s warded against ‘any evil ever created’, remember? There is no radio signal to detect in a twenty-mile radius around us. You don’t
Castiel peeled his hand away from the sigil by pure force of will and instead dragged the back of his trembling hand down the inside of his wing, letting the warmth and softness of his feathers seep into his skin and calm the shake.
"That is good to hear!  Mindless draugr, the lot of them...don't know how to think for themselves."  He chuckled.
“No listen,” Dean reached out and gently guided Castiel’s face back around to look at him.  “I said that wrong.  What I meant was I’m scared
Sam's broad shoulders shrugged but he didn't turn, grabbing one of the cloths off the bed and pressing it into the water.  “There’s little purple flowers in the water and,” he leaned down, looking closer.  “Some little green leaves that kind of look like parsley.”
They could almost see the memories washing over him. Cas went even paler in the dim light, even his lips turned white. Realization, terrible and all consuming, was creeping into every line of Castiel's face and Dean went to his knees beside the bed.
“Yeah, like maybe over that way, away from...”  Dean jerked his head in the direction of the cabins and Castiel's eyes went wide with understanding.
He rolled his shoulder, feeling three tiny metal balls under his skin.  No sense in cleaning the blood off his hands and floor now when he was only going to make a bigger mess in a moment.
Angels, they'd learned, were picky eaters.  Some things they didn't mind.  The simpler the better, molecule-wise.  Dean was starting to figure out they liked natural things.  Like raw vegetables and fruits or fresh meat and seafood with no or very little seasoning.  He'd also learned that, like sleeping, just because they didn't
Castiel had gotten into the habit of sleeping since moving into the bunker. Dean and Sam had both worried one day when they'd come home from a hunt in the middle of the night and had found Cas - after searching half the bunker in a growing panic - sound asleep in the room across from Dean's. The angel had stripped down to his boxers and curled into a ball in a nest of blankets stolen from at least three other rooms, dead to the world.
“I was gonna make burgers again,” Dean replied, stuffing his hands in his pockets.  He toyed with the keys and the cell phone.
The pain had been…insidious.  Like that time he’d been shot with a bullet made from an angel blade.  He’d been hit with the feeling of knowing
Dean pulled a face, trying to imagine biting into a steak and tasting fish on his tongue.  Yeah.  Definite mind fuck.
,’ he told himself.  It was just a shirt.  It was made of cotton, not chain-mail.  It would do nothing to impede the point of a blade.  He was no safer with it on than off.
They moved up the stairs with Sam in the lead.  There was a split second of inaction when they took in the room.  Three beds, a book shelf, a table and a fireplace.
Dean felt like he was sitting in a hospital, waiting for some doctor to come sweeping down the hallway to give him Cas’ diagnosis and it wasn’t a full minute before he was up and pacing.  It was an entire eternity more before three smart knocks on the iron door above him jolted him like an electric shock and he shot up the stairs.
Long after the grace had faded from their eyes and he heard them start to get into the chemical composition of different geneses of trees, Dean pushed himself to his feet with a groan.
Castiel turned sharply, spotting the squirrel were it sat on top of Dean’s bag just in time to see her shake herself so fast she seemed to vibrate into a blur, the water from Castiel’s wings now scattering off the little body in an explosive spray. The little critter ducked into the opening of Dean backpack, tail straight up in the air.
Sam deflated, all the urgency draining from his posture, leaving nothing but concern in his big brown eyes.
It upset the brothers, when he couldn't stay focused, and when Castiel finally flickered back into the present, Dean was looking at him with emotions flashing over his face so fast Castiel could not read them. Dean was muttering, gently pushing words between them like he expected Castiel to understand – which, he told himself, was a perfectly reasonable expectation. He almost did, the words all swirling around in his head like a snowglobe right before they abruptly snapped back into place without warning.
He looked beautiful, Dean thought – as he often did.  He doubted he would ever get used to seeing Castiel's wings.
Cesar seemed to be warming up pretty quickly, his eyes flicking over Cas’ wings only briefly before his shoulders lowered and he offered the angel a disarming smile.  “Good to finally meet you, Castiel.”
“It’s ok, Cas,” Sam whispered from somewhere that sounded higher up than he probably was.  “You’re ok, you’re ok, just take a minute to breathe.”
Eventually, even the echoes began to fade and he felt like he was drowning. Or like he'd been moving at the speed of light and then suddenly stopped. Or both.
At Castiel’s sudden movement, the barrel of the shotgun swung towards him reflexively and Castiel launched himself forward with a snarl –
He couldn’t stop a grimace from contorting his face though, or stop his hand from drifting up to feel the closing edges of the cuts every few seconds.  As the skin formed the thinnest of scabs, the sigil began to lose its power.
Castiel blinked, looking both stunned and like Dean had just handed him a puppy and Dean slowed to a stop when Cas did, giving the angel an encouraging lopsided grin when he realised he'd thought this a thousand times but had never said it out loud.
Castiel didn’t move at all.  He reached out to touch the angel’s shoulder but paused when his eyes did a preliminary pass over the unconscious form.  The skin around Cas’ wrists was red and raw looking and a sudden burst of anger exploded quietly behind Dean’s ribs.
He wondered how much time had passed between then and now.  Time was such a slippery bastard on a good day, he told himself he should not bother trying to track it when he was bound and drugged.
Dean groaned as Sam started rummaging in his bag.  He wanted a god damn bed not a friggin’ magical Red Bull.  He eyed the green sludge sloshing around in the clear glass bottle as his brother pulled the stopper and sniffed it cautiously.
It might have been funny – there was the vague outline of a cat joke forming somewhere in the back of Dean’s brain – if the sight of it hadn’t also triggered Dean’s caveman brain into dousing him with adrenaline and raising the hair on his arms and neck in kind.
He moved to the doors, grabbed one of the iron rings, and pulled the massive wooden gate open as if it weighed nothing at all, earning a look from both guards.  As he passed by, Dean tried to take in as much as possible about Jervar as he could without openly stopping and staring.
When they pushed through the door, the first thing Dean noticed was the massive square fire pit in the middle of the room, with four wooden pillars at each corner.  His eyes traveled upwards with the smoke.  A square section of the roof was elevated above the rest of it, he could just see a bit of light peeking between the thatched straw, drawing the smoke up and out.  He looked down again, blinking the daylight from his vision.  The fire pit was huge, tooking up half the room, and was sunken down into the floor so that the stones that lined it were only a few inches higher than the floor.
Now that he knew what to look for, it was easy to spot the lie.  It wasn't even a deflection, it was just a lie.  Castiel was not fine, but the question was how did Dean bring that up – let Cas know that he knew – without getting the angel's back up.  He could just say it like it is, tell Cas Hannah had explained everything to him, that she did it because she was worried about him.  Belatedly, he wondered how much older than Castiel Hannah was.
He stared around then, trying to find some explanation.  A witch in the trees or a demon in the gas station, mind strangely numb even though his chest ached and something deep inside him felt in danger of rupturing.
It took a few shakes of his head to get the room to stop spinning and when he looked up, something monstrous was taking up a good portion of it.
Dean’s mouth was moving, and slowly the words tumbled out in slow motion, hitting Castiel’s ears like the distant rumble of an approaching thunder storm.
They were taking small steps, but they were still steps and they were still heading in the right direction and Dean felt light with the relief of it and a glowing ball of pride lodged itself behind his ribs every time he thought of how far Castiel had come since he'd woken up over a month ago.
The air was crushed from his lungs and the space around him became frigid, like he'd suddenly been dumped into a tub of ice water.
But he was only human, Dean told himself when he leaned in and pressed his lips to Cas’ forehead.  His skin was cool and damp with the humidity in the air.
than the face Dean had come to know and trust after all these years.  It was like...like...actually he couldn't think of a comparison but for some reason it was bothering him and he found himself wondering – like Sam – why the angel had never shown his wings before.
Dean was so ready to see Cas actually fly that he nearly tripped over his brother as the two of them scrambled to get a better vantage point but still kept them out of the reach of the enormous wing span.  Something told him that, even though the wings were light, getting hit by one would probably give him a concussion.
It seemed as if he'd found the magic words because Castiel blinked, some of the stiffness easing from his shoulders.
Castiel lifted his head and…oh, all those stabbing pins and needles were, in fact, shards of glass, many of which were now embedded into his body.
“Hey!  Let him go before I rip you’re fucking head off!”  Dean charged forward but Mike was already on him and he found himself slammed up against the side of his own car, cuffs clicking shut around his wrists a second later.
Cas glared at him from ahead and he could feel Sam’s bitch face boring into the back of his skull, but Dean was too busy picking up the axe he’d just tripped over.
be able to teach him more useful crap than you can.  I mean, sure, if he wants to grow his hair out, I’ll send him to you, but for everything else –”
Just like a bird, Dean couldn't help but compare. Though he doubted Cas would appreciate it.  “So...”  he ventured.  “You're feeling better?”  He backed off, trying really hard not to stare.  He felt like he’d done enough of that for the wings to be a bit more normal now but his brain seemed to remain stubbornly fascinated by them.
Thanks to the brothers, he had a proper place to do so.  He felt them trail him in to the room and felt their eyes on his back as he took the wobbly step over the ridge of blankets, flaring his wings for balanced when he wobbled a bit too much.
Evidently perplexed and halfway to sitting in the chair next to Cas’, Sam stood, flashing the angel a reassuring smile – that he missed because he was busy staring a hole through the plate of pizza he was reaching for – and followed his brother from the kitchen.
Dean’s hand was still on his face, his calloused thumb stroking back and forth as best it could with how much Castiel was struggling in their hold.
“So, how did you end up all the way out here?” Sam asked the question like he knew perfectly well where 'here' was in relation to Winterhold.
“Not yet.  We're going to keep moving.  When you start to feel fatigued, split the bottle between the two of you and it will help you recover some energy.”  He handed the bottle to Sam and looked between them regretfully.  “I wish that I could recharge your batteries for you, but as I explained before, I have to be careful expending my grace here.”
Sam hypothesized that angels usually kept them hidden to blend in among humans better. After all, someone sprouting wings from their back would get a one way ticket to Area 51. But now that Castiel was still struggling to remember everything, maybe that piece that cared that human bodies shouldn't
Why did he always seem to be behind everyone else when it came to stuff like this?  Why did he fail so hard at reading people?  He wasn't stupid.
The seagull zigged and zagged in panic, probably certain of it's imminent demise even though Cas was perfectly harmless.  Then it dove towards the water and Cas followed, his wings tucking tight against his back, dropping like a stone towards the water.  At the last second, his wings snapped out again, catching the air like great sails, and he skimmed the top of the water, before giving one solid downbeat and abruptly banking when the seagull did, following it into a sharp turn and then back up into the air.
Sure, he could see the surface of the water when it glistened in the setting sun.  He could see the waves rushing towards the shore, and sometimes he may even glimpse a fish or two jumping out of the water to catch a bug, hinting at the lake’s
“Jeez,” Sam muttered, not looking at the bard but at his plate while he tried to spear a vegetable on a fork with only two prongs.  “Violent.”
"I can drive just fine, thanks," Dean quipped automatically, ignoring the little sigh from Cas.  "Besides the sooner we get there -"
Taking off down the hallway, he dimly registered the sound of his coffee mug toppling over the edge of the table and shattering on the floor. He raced through the bunker, heart pounding in his chest even though this was the third time this had happened and would probably happen again and again. It didn't help that what he was hearing was a fraction of the torment Castiel had suffered as if it were happening right that moment.
He could feel Castiel staring at the side of his face but was too much of a chicken shit to look back just yet.
- t-shirt clinging to his well defined back muscles.  Cas was bent over his duffle bag, pulling out dry clothes, and the small movements of digging through the bag and setting his clothes on the bed were enough to shift the ropey muscles under his tanned skin.
Whatever.  Someone had to keep a lookout in case the owner of the little dwelling came back.  Though Cas didn’t seem concerned, telling them he could not feel the residual presence of a living occupant within the space.
"Yep," Dean answered, tapping his fingers against his ankles and watching Cas slowly lower his wings into the water.  His blue eyes fluttered shut, his face turning up towards the sun.
“Cas...”  Dean sighed, feeling helpless.  He couldn't relate to this at all.  He didn't know how to help.  But he toed off his shoes anyway and pulled off his socks, wincing when he waded out and felt the icy water washing over his skin.
Dean wasn’t a caveman and Cas wasn’t a monster lurking in the darkness beyond the firelight; so why couldn’t Dean stop thinking like he was?
Something alarmingly close to holy wrath briefly cut through the fear in Castiel’s eyes when the angel saw the officer with his hand on Dean and Dean silently begged him not to lose his cool here.  Tried to explain using only his limited micro-expressions that this was a
It was Dean’s voice that pulled Castiel’s eyes back open, sounding…worried?  He couldn’t be sure.  Castiel felt as if his perception of humans and what they were saying when they tried to communicate to him had been wrong since the dawn of man and he was only just now realizing it.
"Hey, it's ok, we understand," Sam said, swooping in with his calm and compassionate eyes.  "We'd like to help."
Castiel was dangerously close to smirking so Dean brushed past him with a scowl and they started combing the area.
.  As it shifted ominously in front of him, nearly ten feet tall, Castiel gathered his grace and raised his sword.
It was funny, in a morbid kind of way, that Dean had literally been stabbed in the chest before and it hadn’t hurt nearly as bad as seeing Cas look up at him with that
His stomach churned sickeningly because he might have gotten one burden off his shoulders but Castiel had yet to be as direct with him.  It didn't bode well when all of Cas' feathers flattened back down tight right away and he drew a breath.
Castiel’s rib cage expanded with a deep breath, pushing against the arm Dean had slung over it.  He could feel the breath where his chest was pressed firmly to Cas’ back and his fingers twitched, eyes open and wide.
She sat up straighter, folding her hands in her lap and addressing the trio as a group.  With her voice turned somber and low, she told them the story of the Dragonborn.
“Cas never did meet them,” Sam contemplated, “I never mentioned them to him either.  Did you tell Cas about that hunt?”
It sailed through the air towards him, short jaws open wide and crammed with too many teeth, and Castiel slipped beneath it, dragging the edge of his right blade through it’s front leg.  It didn’t feel as satisfying as flesh and bone, almost like he was cutting through something with a little more resistance than water, but it howled in rage and stumbled when it hit the ground and that, at least, had dark gratification twisting behind his ribs.
“Dean,” Sam said, with forced patience lacing his voice.  “What makes you think Cas and Hannah are together?”
Sam quickly took in the situation and moved his left hand behind his back, hiding the syringe from view, but Castiel's eyes were already looking past him, to the door that had swung open in to the room, eyeing the chains and the sigils painted on the wood.
As Sam, Jessy and Cesar crept cautiously closer, Castiel turned back to Dean with an even more stern expression.
Something in the quietly desperate tilt to his voice seemed to needle it’s way through Mike’s cold exterior.
The thought was pushed from his head when he glanced up at the blazing sliver of sun just peeking over the water and saw two black specs silhouetted against the pink sky.
It was lucky his grace was strong enough now that he didn’t need to eat or sleep.  Though even so, he felt tired.  Actually, if he was being honest with himself, he was exhausted, which didn’t make any sense at all.  He had his grace, mangled though it felt.  Dean was alive.  Sam was missing but…they would find him.  They
There was a small table between him and Sam, just large enough to hold the plates of food and bottles of ale the innkeeper brought them.
consenting to it or not.  Also, Crowley is definitely going to do something terrible with them.  Oh, and by the way, just the
The text had started with the standard fare: how to kill them, how to trap them, how to summon them. But the reason they'd bought it was because of the few chapters at the back devoted to angelic behaviours the author had observed over his lifetime of interacting with and studying them.
He'd looked through the angel book again, wondering if it was some weird thing that his whole species shared or if it was just Cas. Though, the image of angels frolicking around the earth before humans started ruining it, eating pure fruits right from the trees and drinking crisp water from clear streams made a lot more sense than angels biting into cows or enjoying Doritos.
Dean’s hand settling on his shoulder might as well have been a cattle prod and Castiel jerked back into the foreground, his gaze quickly snapping back to Dean.  He looked worried again, all reverence for his mother replaced by the much more familiar worry lines around his troubled green eyes.
The doors were plain looking; sturdy wooden boards held together by large iron nails and each door had a large iron ring bolted in to pull them open.  On either side of the doors, stone walls ran out and, presumably, encircled the entire city.  Stone walls that looked like they had taken many hits over the years but had never been properly patched back up. Chunks of the walls were missing higher up in some places, and some of the little slat windows had been filled up with caved-in rubble that had been left there so long that moss had covered a good deal of the debris.
After the fall, Castiel had purposely severed his wings from the rest of his being as completely as he could without actually cutting them off.  It was the only way he’d managed to survive; the only way he was able to take one step after the other until he found his way back to Sam and Dean.
The chair went skidding backwards across the floor with how hard Castiel shoved it away and both he and Dean scrambled away from each other.
Something close to a smirk pulled at Cas’ lips.  "As a general rule, I usually fight against the governing establishment."
and there were no leaks in the ceiling.  It was a rectangular house with a big fireplace on the wall opposite the door, over which hung some pots and pans.  On a large hook that protruded over where the flames of a fire would be, there hung a large, fat cauldron.  There were two beds pushed up against the wall to the right and two against the wall on the left; a table and chairs sat in the middle of the room, littered with many empty bottles of mead and wine that had gathered an impressive amount of dust.  A few wooden barrels – presumably the stores of food Gilfre had mentioned – were pushed up against a wall and in a corner wherever there was room. On the table between the bottles, a handful of gold coins and a blue gem of some kind sat in a pile and Dean guessed it was from travelers leaving something behind for Gilfre's hospitality.
there was something profoundly wrong with suggesting he kill himself in the off chance it might be useful felt like a rusty nail through his heart.
Night had fallen now and the two of them sat in the darkness, discouraged, trying to figure out what their next move should be.
His grace was no longer flashing, but Cas’ blue eyes drooped like he’d suddenly been drained of energy.
Castiel looked up at Sam and whatever he saw in the younger brother’s face changed his entire demeanor.  The tight set of his wings relaxed, his shoulders rolled back and down in a deliberate movement and he took a deep breath before looking back at Jessy and Cesar, shifting a few inches closer to Sam.
“Oh, I don't think you'd have a hard time finding a warm bed with a face like yours,” Hulda said brazenly.
The brothers held their breath, watching while Cas peeked over the tall grass at the top.  When the angel suddenly straightened and his wings relaxed at his sides, both brothers sighed in relief and rushed forward when Cas gestured for them.
Something – a hand perhaps – briefly touched the top of his head and he hissed, jerking away.  He was in sensory overload and the thought of
Sam had thought to bring the weighted electric blanket to him after a while and Dean had had to lay it over Cas in increments, pausing when he flinched or tried to move away, spooked when too much of it touched him all at once. It was heartbreaking and Dean's hands had shaken and his arms had ached with the effort of holding the heavy blanket up until Cas had calmed enough to lower it a few more inches. Dean had talked him through it, feeling sick with the reality that Cas was so far gone that Dean had to whisper soft words and move so slowly just to get a blanket over him.
With his knack for impromptu timing, Cas chose that moment to soar over them and drop a long, flat, oblong stone from the sky and it hit the sand off to Hannah's right with a dull thud; Castiel himself followed closely behind it, dropping from the fog and landing on his feet.
Blue eyes darted from him, to the door, and back again, looking unconvinced.  Cas turned and descended the stairs without a word, skirting around the far side of the table and putting as much distance between himself and everyone else as possible.
Dean watched as Sam hefted the lid open, both Sam and the lid groaning under the strain of its weight.
Dean saw Cas lean away as Sam leaned in, wings twitching and folding tighter against his back.  The movement somehow translated as '
Castiel made his lungs expand, desperate to do anything to get Jörmungandr to let go.  He frantically picked through the complex ebb and flow of smells whirling under his nose and tried to identify the most prominent ones.  After a moment, he was able to distinguish the over-reaching scent he hadn’t been able to place before, of earth and salt and a touch of divinity.
The wind had picked up and it covered the sound of their footsteps nicely, though not so much the cringe-worthy squeak of the doors opening.  They waited with bated breath for a few moments before moving on when no sound from inside alerted them to any immediate danger.  They left the door open, in case they had to run for it, and eased their way inside the building.
"Hey, it's ok,” he reassured the angel.  “It's gonna feel pretty intense,” he squeezed gently around their heads and cut off the groan before it left his throat.
He seethed.  It had been a long time since he’d last felt such pure, holy, wrath coursing through him and Castiel lashed out at the innocent wall he’d been thrown against, slamming his fist into the fissure left from the impact and feeling satisfied when the concrete was obliterated, showering him with pebbles and dust.  Inside the wall, he wrapped his fingers around the first thing he touched and ripped it back out, feeling the muscles in his whole body turn to steel as his grace infused every atom.
Where Dean would have let his mouth fall open like he wanted to speak, and then clamp his jaw shut before he could, Sam’s stare remained fixed on him, unwavering and watching in a way that had Castiel sitting up straighter in his chair, tense.
He opened his mouth – to say what, he wasn't sure – but Sam chose that moment to come stomping through the open archway from the library with an offhand, “Hey,” thrown to Dean.
It was obvious from the way Castiel was staring right through him now that his mind had wandered far off the beaten path again, but that didn’t make leaving any easier.  Dean said nothing this time, knowing that a conversation like this with a drugged mind would just go round and round forever.  So he left, let the door click shut behind him and didn’t bother trying to arrange his face into something that wouldn’t worry Sam because his brother had seen it already.
He couldn't even gasp with the shock of it, because when his lungs instinctively made a desperate attempt to expand, they managed only to shudder in his chest, and a cold spike of panic cut through him like a lance.
“’Cept building muscle is way less fun and way more work than building fat,” quipped Dean, having finally gotten himself under control enough to take another sip of his beer.
Dean turned abruptly, bending and bracing his hands on his knees over the small garbage can by the door leading out of the garage while his stomach threatened to eject its contents.
“Think you can keep it down?”  Sam asked him quietly, as if he was worried talking too loud might scare the meager amount of sustenance right out of the fallen angel’s stomach.
“Shut up,” Dean gasped, still trying to catch his breath with heat creeping up his neck and into his face.
But now, something was different.  Something had changed.  It no longer felt like he was being pressed in the coils of the great snake, but like he was trapped in its jaws.
She looked torn, hesitating as she weighed the benefit of just agreeing with him against explaining why such a promise wasn’t possible.
But he bit his tongue when the urge to snap tingled up his throat.  It was not their fault he felt like this.  It was not their fault they were here to witness him at his lowest, most broken point of existence.  They only cared, he told himself, they only wanted to help, and he knew what that meant better than anyone.  He knew too, better than anyone, that when you wanted to help and got a slap to the face instead that it cut deep.
seen this particular binding in action before, I’ve heard first hand accounts.  The two or three times it was used was hilariously unsuccessful.”  He grinned, “They
He pushed closer, the hand he had on the side of Castiel's neck smoothing back down over his shoulder, the other grabbing at his muscular bicep, both working to tug Cas closer.
Martin Septim's death was so catastrophic.” He rolled his lip between his teeth in a very human display of frustration.  He looked as close to furious as Cas was capable of emoting.  “We should have
With a put-upon sigh and resentment towards his predicament simmering in his belly, Castiel moved to the closed door.
When he looked up, Cas was mirroring his smile, the feathers all down the leading edges of his wings fluffed up, and it immediately drew Dean’s attention.  There were so many subtle emotions to read in Cas’ wings; things that didn’t show on his face, and it was only then that Dean realized he’d always assumed angels didn’t really have many emotions.
Licking his lips – effectively making the brothers even more worried – Liam said, “There are only two reasons I can think of for that dosage to have affected them so heavily.  Either they are dangerously underweight, or they are much smaller than your average seraph.”
“Are you hurt?” he asked.  It came out much sharper than he would have liked, but he was under a little stress, so he thought he could be forgiven for his shortness.  He’d always thought humans placed too much importance on tone anyway.
But whatever familiarity Castiel was feeling, it was obvious it wasn't tickling anything good at the back of his memory. His wings had retracted from around his shoulders and were folded tight against his back, and his brow was furrowed like he was trying to remember something he'd rather leave forgotten.
Speaking of, Cas was making a lot of noise rummaging through a half-rotted basket by the alchemy table, until he turned away with a frustrated noise.  He squeezed back through the door to the shack, wings grazing the sides, and stopped at the side of the bed, tapping Sam's leg.
He turned to leave, but Dean’s hand landed in the space between his neck and shoulder – the only place it could, given that his wings were in the way of his actual shoulder – and squeezed.
He blinked, his head twitching to the side, but froze again when Cas suddenly stretched his arms over his head and groaned, previously soft muscle all down his back rippled under his skin and then Cas was stretching his arms out in front of him, bowing his spine and making his ribs pop.  He inhaled deeply, rib cage expanding and then contracting when he sighed out a breath.
Dean blinked.  Right.  He sighed, “Okay then, Doc, make sure your phone is plugged in ‘cause this is gonna take a while.”
, his memory told him. Something was trying to communicate with him and, with an anxious jolt in his chest, he searched for the first language he could remember and asked the question that had been plaguing him most.
Dean had to help him sit up and Cas groaned, his eyes squeezed shut against the pain, movements stiff.
More carefully than Dean had ever moved in his life, he slowly rolled onto his back, pulling his arm back from around Cas.
That word was familiar and foreign all at once, it hit against the edges of his mind and scattered, pieces of it sticking to the inside of his head and burrowing down like seeds into the earth, waiting.
He glanced in the rearview mirror just as he turned onto the long gravel road leaving to the bunker.
a choice.  They couldn’t let Cas die.  And certainly not like this.  Suffering, in agony, while the free will he’d worked so hard to save and understand and use was slowly peeled away?
“Yes.  Luckily, I have the ring, otherwise it would have taken hours for me to regain the power I lost getting here.”
Eager to escape Mary’s gaze as well as the intense smell of adrenaline flooding the veins of the four humans, Castiel wasted no time turning and heading for the door.  Unable to help himself, Castiel looked over the railing as he opened the door, relieved to see the humans weren’t watching him, but were staring intently at each other.  They were tense and shifting, looking like they were all waiting for the other to make the first move.
When Dean finished off his beer, the waitress brought him another, very similar looking, but different bottle.  It tasted the same.
“The…the showers are down the hall.”  Dean tried to loosen the vice crushing his ribs.  “There’s shampoo and soap there you can use.”
So, he told Sam all that had happened after he had shoved his brother out of Cas’ bedroom.  He told Sam how Cas had prayed until he’d passed out – did
For a while they all sat in comfortable silence, each lost in their own thoughts while they defrosted themselves.  At one point, a dark-skinned woman in an apron approached them and took their order for food and mead.  She’d told them they only had wine left, and soon returned with three glasses and some bread and butter to tide them over until their food was ready.
know and that Cas had always been reluctant to talk, but over the last few years had seemingly become terrified at the thought of giving up information about himself; even to them.
His eyes were closed, blocking out even the meager light shining from under his closed door, so that the only thing his senses were taking in was how warm and soft his feathers felt against his vessel’s skin.
He looked off in the direction of the kitchen like he'd suddenly remembered where it was, then looked back at Dean, resettling his wings, the feathers ruffling, slipping and sliding against each other as they settled again.
“You're wings are beautiful, Cas,” Dean whispered, his lips brushing Castiel's ear.  “Wild just like the rest of you and soft just like your eyes and with those long, sleek, flight-feathers that turn gold in the sun; gold just like your heart.”  He swallowed around the truth of what he said and the emotion it pulled up his throat.  “They're beautiful just like everything about you.”
Cas glared at him and the feathers immediately smoothed down tight, but almost immediately rose again a few millimeters like he couldn't totally control it.
He finally got the key in the ignition and the Impala roared to life, sounding nearly as eager as Dean was to get on the road.
He thanked the gods he hadn’t needed to manifest his halo.  It might have been the last straw for those poor boys.  He bitterly reminded himself that they seemed uncomfortable in his presence on a good day and that perhaps he should go back to his room where they wouldn’t have to look at him as much.  At least until he was strong enough to cram everything back inside his vessel.
Dean felt heat rising in his face and a smile tugging at his lips and he glanced over at Cas when the angel brushed past him, his keen blue eyes sweeping sharply over the table and zeroing in on a wooden bowl full of shiny red apples.
“What're you muscle heads lookin' for, some epic hunt?”  He shook his head as if he truly thought Sam and Dean were morons, seemingly having forgotten that they'd asked him about the woman, not the dragon.
He carefully set the pen down and swallowed, telling himself to stay calm even as his heart began pounding against his ribs, frantic like a trapped bird throwing itself at the bars of it's cage.  Behind him, the faint sound – no,
The vampire was an asshole but it only took Cas waving around the syringe of dead man's blood to get him talking and he spilled his guts, telling them where the nest was just a few blocks away.
Castiel did just that, letting Sam take his weight and making his lungs expand and contract.  Even though he didn’t need to, it somehow helped calm the rush of blood in his ears.
There was smoke coming from the chimney and a basket of apples had been put out beside the little bench next to the door, barely protected by the narrow overhanging thatch roof.   The place looked so warm and inviting it was almost suspicious.
He wanted to block out Dean, Sam, the bunker…everything.  For a while, he wanted to refuse to acknowledge anything but the darkness and warmth and weight of being inside his wings again.
Castiel had five or six purple flowers clutched in his hand.  They had fat petals with tapered ends and little black leaves underneath them and something in the back of Dean's brain was telling him not to eat them.
But, they'd figured it out eventually – just like they always did, Dean thought with a rueful smile – and Castiel had responded well to his name, seemingly regaining a vast amount of memories in a stretch of a few painful seconds. He'd cried out under the onslaught and it had taken everything Dean had not to reach out to him.
He breathed deeply, this time of his own volition, eager to place the familiar scent and maybe make some sense out of the chaos in his head.
And most importantly, and certainly most difficult, they had to stop talking to each other only when they had something bad to say.
“Don't look at me like that!”  Dean snapped.  He wasn't stupid, thank you very much, and he hated it when people looked at him like he was.  “I gotta fix this, man, I can't...and Cas is so happy, I don't want to...”  he trailed off again, the words he needed refusing to come to mind.  Instead, he sighed miserably up at the pointed ceiling of the cabin.
His fingers, still caked with his dried blood, curled against the floor, and a sob threatened to burst from his chest.
something.  More troubling was, with the way his grace seemed to be heaving and bucking and feeding off itself, he wondered if he might do just that.
He didn't bother trying to be quiet – they probably heard him coming a mile off – but the urge to watch the two of them interacting without the knowledge of his presence was always just there in the back of his head.  Cas acted differently around Hannah.  He was more at ease, more
"Why are you so obsessed with heat lately?"  Dean asked; his own eyes were drooping with his stomach so full and the room so warm.  When he had first met the angel, he’d seemed wholly unaffected by things like the temperature.  Maybe it was just because he’d been inhabiting a human body for so long?
Instinctively, Castiel dipped his shoulder when Sam took another step closer, moving his blade just a few more millimetres away from the hunter’s hands and hating himself for it.
And he really didn't.  Even in the poor light it was still easy to see most of the color had drained from his face and was swaying where he stood, even with both brothers supporting him.
“She has a name already,” Castiel told them softly, lifting his wing and stretching it out to the side when the squirrel hopped from his shoulder and scrabbled up the silky feathers. It sat just beside the big joint and Castiel stretched his wing out farther, parallel to the ground so the squirrel didn’t slip.
Cas’ hand darted out like a shot, catching the flailing thing before it hit the water, and then plunking it right down on his shoulder with a stick of coconut held out as a calmative peace offering.
The bonds squeezed out of nowhere, as if they could hear him, choking him with the suddenness of it.
It was a good thing for all of them that Sam was around to help prod Cas in to speaking up, because the only other person around was Dean.  And if he was being honest with himself, he wasn't exactly in tune with his emotions or comfortable expressing them.
As it turned out, the room was more of a loft, and next to the bed there was a wooden railing that looked down over the tavern bellow.  The bed was nothing more than a wooden frame with a straw mat and the blankets were furs from some animal Dean had probably never heard of, and as soon as his head hit the lumpy pillow he was out cold, the sound of indistinct chatting and the bard still plucking away on his weird violin hovering around the edges of his consciousness.
He realized how true it was once he said it out loud.  That’s what the root of the problem was here.  Cas would drive his angel blade through his own chest without flinching and it was fucking terrifying in a way Dean had never quite experienced before.
Their eyes widened in realization and they scrambled, but they couldn’t move fast enough and Castiel started to beat his wings, spraying water in every direction like a downpour, and the three grown men shrieked, stumbling through the knee high ferns to get away.
“As I mentioned before,” Cas interrupted him sharply, “You both need to get some sleep.  We have a long walk ahead of us tomorrow.” He looked down at Dean and his eyes were much softer than his voice.  “Get some rest.  We can talk more in the morning,” he turned and walked back into the night, this time parallel to the creek.  “I'm going to scout the area.”
With Sam's help, they got Cas back on to the bed and Dean carefully and meticulously covered him with the heated blanket, plugging it into the outlet behind the bed, then smoothing it down and tucking it in tight around Cas' body.
but then BOOM in comes Gandalf the White, at least eighty percent more bad ass than Gandalf the Grey and then Aragorn's like what the hell dude, we thought you were dead, we saw you fall and Gandalf's just like bitch please you think some burning lizard is going to take me down and then Legolas is all like -"
The two small pots and a cast iron frying pan were sitting on the sand next to the fire pit; but as Dean came to a stop, he realized the one thing they were missing.
The walls of his nest cradled him on all sides, and he sighed, reveling in the feeling of security, before reaching for the comforting current of his grace.
Dean and Sam's hands both went into the air to show they were unarmed but Cas' stayed down at his sides while the brothers inched closer to him in case things went sideways.  Dean couldn't help but openly stare at the woman.  Her skin was indeed a dark grey, her features were sharp and angular and very much
what this life does to humans, I know how difficult it is to change your opinions about something or someone, even if it’s someone you care for deeply.  You may feel like you’re betraying them, or being cruel.  And you may not understand why you desperately
He slipped into the trees beside the horses and disappeared. Sam and Dean moved off the road and found a spot on the ground that didn't have snow on it thanks to the sheltering branches of a droopy pine tree.  They both sat down gingerly, groaning through their respective aches and pains.
He opened his eyes – didn't remember closing them – and found that Sam was gone and Dean had fallen quiet.
It was over in seconds and when Dean looked over to the bed, Cas was standing over the remaining necromancer – a young man no older than twenty – who hadn’t even had the time to get out of bed.
Castiel was huddled in the far corner of the empty room.  He was still barefoot, wearing his pajama bottoms and without a shirt and Dean hoped it was only because they decided to leave it off to look at his shoulder and not because Cas was fighting them so hard they couldn’t even get a shirt on him.  Luckily the room was warm, but that did nothing to change the fact that the bare floor and walls made Castiel look small and fragile.  He looked like he should be cold.
“He, uh…he was gonna bring the bunker down.  Looked like he might have brought a good chunk of the state with it.  He didn’t know where he was, didn’t even see us standing there till it was too late.  He tried to stop but…”  Dean shrugged.  “We couldn’t even get close to him.  It felt like my skin was gonna melt off if I got any closer.”
The next morning, he was woken gently by birdsong – which was much nicer than a hammer – and he sat up in the lumpy, musty bed, spotting Sam leaning in the doorway facing the road, arms crossed over his chest, lost in thought.
Most of the time, when he spoke to either Sam or Cas, it was to discuss the terrible thing they were knee deep in and find a way out of it.  Or it was to yell at them for doing something stupid like risking their lives or not listening to him.  Often it was to assign blame.
Well before the stables began to take shape in the dark, they were side-stepping snow drifts that have covered parts of the road and Cas had corralled the brothers close to his left side with his wing while he kept his right wing raised in front of them to break the wind.
Knowing this was another question to which the answer would bring anger, Castiel merely stared.  But that, apparently, was the end of Dean’s patience.
He started sawing at the silvery ropes again - if the angel wasn't going to tell him what to do then he was going to make his own decisions. Cas was still until Dean cut through the ties on his other arm, but as soon as he was free, the angel lunged forward, hands reaching out. The brothers lept aside, ready should they need to pin the angel, but Cas didn't even spare them a glance, instead crashing to his knees with his back to the room, grabbing something from the mariade of instruments he'd been tortured with.
Dean grumbled, thinking they probably wouldn’t have laughed if they knew how much deeper his feelings for Cas went than simply being affected because the angel was being fucking adorable without even realizing it.
The morning air was crisp and cold on his skin and Castiel closed his eyes, letting it sooth the dull burn still smouldering inside him.  He wished he could appreciate the warmth.  He’d been so cold lately.  But it was the kind of heat that an open wound gave off.  Given the morning’s dramatic activities, he supposed it made sense.
I love you.  Please, tell me you understand how kind and beautiful your heart is.  Tell me you understand that you’re
Dean and Sam shared a look, and Dean had to make an effort not to look over at Cas still standing next to him at the counter.  Why could Adriel explain what they needed and Cas couldn’t?  Following their train of thought like the professional psychologist he was, Liam smiled sadly.
Dean had cut the last one for him, but Castiel didn’t fancy the idea of relying on the hunter to do it again.
“You're safe here, Cas,” Sam reminded him gently, urgently.  “You're in the bunker, remember?  This is the most heavily warded place in North America.  You're
Please let me know what you think of this chapter.  I'm sorry it took so long.  We are moving across the country next month and I just sold my house and am working six days a week while trying to get it all organized.  Updates will be sporatic, but I have definitely not abandoned this story.  It's probably my fave one I've ever written.  Thank you so so much to Ella and Angelfishofthelord! This story wouldn't be what it is without you guys <3
, what the hell is going on with these jerks?"  Dean said, glaring at the closed doors.  They were kind of nice, if he was being honest, dark wood with intricate carvings, but right now he hated them and every person on the other side of them.
Here in the shelter of the city walls there wasn't much wind and the smoke from the bowls and chimneys drifted lazily into the air and hovered over the buildings like a threadbare blanket.  Hardy looking grasses had broken through the cobblestone in a few places and thick, snaking vines grew unchecked here and there, climbing their way up the sides of houses or dangling over the edge of stone retaining walls.
Dean dragged a hand down his face, still trying to shove away the wisps of his 'good dream' even as he pretended he didn’t have a raging hard on from it.
But the angel was somewhere a few miles up over the water and a few more miles out from the coast, flying.  Indulging in his flighty urges and having fun.  The thought made Dean smile, made the urgency in his chest fade a bit.  He could wait.
The waves lapping at the sand, drawing closer as the tide came in, and the crackle and pop of the fire were the only sounds outside the rustling and shuffling of thick blankets as the brothers arrange their beds to their liking.
The entire situation was ridiculous because Castiel had lost his grace and they had just saved the world
Cas.  Lately, even when the angel was standing right next to him, it felt like he was in some terrible, inaccessible place that Dean couldn’t reach.  He missed the confused head tilts when his bad jokes didn’t land.  He missed Cas poking at weird human things and asking what they were for.  He missed Cas’ blue eyes seeking him out on the rare occasion they were in a social situation and Cas got lost in the body language and subtext of the conversation.
“A sect of sorcerers have contacted me directly seeking assistance finding someone of great importance that has very suddenly gone missing.  They are...desperate.  They have exhausted their considerable resources trying to locate this person and have still failed.”
As slowly as the sun was setting behind them, Dean could feel some of the thrumming tension seep from Cas’ body.  The long fingers grabbing his shirt loosened, the wild look receded from his eyes and Cas suddenly took a full breath like he hadn’t in days.
He let the sounds shiver down into his ears, opened his mind to finding a pattern within the noise, and listened.
“You’ve hunted me before,” he reminded them carefully, shifting his wings and shoulders into something a little less hostile.  “More than once, even.”
“Cas is perfectly capable of defending himself,” Dean snapped.  He knew Sam told him not to say anything, but dammit, Castiel was not some damsel in distress that needed saving and, more importantly, Dean needed to convince the wanna be hero on the other side of the table that he wasn't the dragon holding Cas hostage.  Cas was strong.  Cas was a fighter.  Cas could rip this guy’s head from his shoulders if given the chance.
He scrambled off the bed and scuttled down the stairs and out the door, leaving it wide open in favor of running full tilt from the fort.  Dean saw him leap right over the body of one of his comrades and book  into the woods without so much as a glance over his shoulder.
Castiel took a step back and the tips of Dean's fingers just missed the angel when he made an aborted reach.
The trio followed the road the drug dealer had told them to, having to side-step several ancient looking pillars that had collapsed onto the road, so long ago that they had sunk into the ground under years of freezing and thawing, dislodging at the cobblestone.  There was no sign of the structure that they might once have belonged to.
Again, Cas’ eyes flashed yellow-gold and this time he did smile.  Just a little.  Enough to make Dean smile in return, because
“What the hell,” Dean muttered.  He looked over at the clock on the night stand.  “It’s four in the fucking morning.”  He stood, told Cas to stay put on the bed and grabbed his gun from his duffle bag.
have had a good reason, he only had to remember it.  Subconsciously, he curled his wings around his shoulders – a small comfort – and indulged himself in the memory of what it used to feel like being in the safety of his wings.  How his feathers used to feel slipping and sliding against each other.  How warm it was.  How comforting it was.  He could almost convince himself he could feel it again.
The shallow dips and rises of the foothills were abruptly bathed in moonlight and Dean actually did stumble to a halt, blinking around at his suddenly visible surroundings, fingers digging reflexively into poor Cas' muscles to make sure he didn't fall.
Usually without warning and in the form of some kind of tackle-hug when one of them said something to spark the angel’s affection.
With surgical precision, he cut the left leg of his pajama bottoms open and carved a new sigil in to the meat of his thigh in just a few seconds, unable to feel even the cold sensation of his skin being split wide.
Dean scoffed, “Yeah, no kidding.” He felt even worse then before he'd asked the question, sure now that the reason Cas had never let his wings out even in the safety of the bunker had something to do with them.
“I know,” said the voice, switching from Enochian to English.  Not a medic, then.  “You’re very angry.  That’s understandable-“
Cas was methodically tearing his into tiny pieces as he gazed into the flames, nodding absently to show he agreed what Hannah had said.
In the relative safety of his room, he allowed himself the indulgence, slowly running his hand down the inside of his wing.  It was a compulsive, mindless, movement; instinctual in the way a human child would twirl their hair or perhaps suck their thumb.
Dean ordered them both an ale before his brother could say otherwise and then led the way over to the fire, where they both sunk gratefully into the chairs.  They were nothing special, simple wood frames with woven bottoms much like the ones at the Bannered Mare.  But for the way Dean’s bones protested his every step, it may as well have been his memory foam at the bunker.
On the back of the gentle breeze rustling Dean's hair, the chill of night caused goosebumps to blossom down his arms and he suprssed a shiver, wishing he had opted for a tunic with longer sleeves.  Birdsong that he hadn't noticed in the distance gradually tappered off and the stillness and silence of twilight creeped over the landscape like a fog.
It was a strange and oddly wonderful feeling, to know that he was showing something new to two creatures that had been around since the birth of the planet.  Not to mention it was a bit strange to have two people like Cas and Hannah, with their vast knowledge and incomprehensible consciousness', looking to him for guidance in something as simple as how to properly eat shell fish.
“I remember many things about you and Sam now,” Cas continued, eyes still on the mango. “We have been through much together. We are friends, family. But we have hurt each other.”
“We need to get back to the road,” Castiel suddenly announced, sharply redirecting their course to the right.
“No, it’s fine.”  He pushed away from the wall, at least pretending like he didn’t need it to stay standing.  “Where are my boots?”
Wilhelm grinned and nodded eagerly, as if he’d been waiting for them to ask. “About time I took a break anyway!”
A shuttered look passed over Cas’ face.  “Yes, they kept just…sticking needles in me.”  He stared down at his fingers, slowly, carefully lacing them together in his lap as if the action took great concentration.  “I thought,” his lips pursed.  “I thought for a while that I had never left her chair.  Every time I woke up I was tied down just like she used to tie me down and the lights were so bright it looked like her office in heaven.  I kept waiting for the sound of the drill but it never came – which was almost worse.”
that Cas knew it.  “I have…for ages and, uh…thought it was probably time to let you know.  You don’t have to say it back,” he rushed to reassure, “I mean I know you might not…be…in the same place I –”
Warmaiden's was a sparse little shop, with only a few weapons, proudly displayed on wooden racks and three padded maniquins to show off the different types of armor sets availible.  Other than some barrels shoved in to one corner near the door, the room was empty save for a staircase to the left leading to a loft packed to the brim with crates and more barrels.
“Um,” he closed his eyes and rubbed his fingers against his temple.  “Four or five days ago, I think.”
He kept his eyes averted until he heard the bathroom door close and the shower start up and then let out a steady breath, rolling his shoulders.
mean,” Cas continued sharply, “That the people there are to be underestimated.  Many – if not all – of them posses at least some magical abilities and even those that know very little are taught destructive magic at a young age.  Anyone we come up against has the potential to wield a ball of fire or lightning just as effectively and lethally as you both use guns and knives.  Remember that just because you do not
The clouds stayed away long enough for them to pick their way over the terrain and they had to slow down even more as it began to slope gently downwards.  The outcropping of rock that he had seen earlier looked like it hedged a dried-up basin and Dean worried about the oncoming raid flooding their shelter and about the chill in the air and about the unconscious angel in their arms.
Even if all he could get was a mangled sense of recognition in the way Castiel looked at him, like he knew Dean but didn't know how or why.
Instead, he glared up at the hunter through grace-blown eyes, clutching his blade to his chest like a housewife might clutch her pearls.  If her pearls were the only mortal weapon that could end her entire existence.
There was a smile in Cas' voice when he answered.  “Yes.  I want to make a potion that will help us in colder climates.”
"They used magic, I tell you!"  Aldis exclaimed, he'd obviously given the issue much thought.  "No one could walk that many days in a row without some magical interference."
After what felt like years, Castiel finally realized the seizure had passed, his chest heaved with ragged breaths, and deep, deep, down inside him he could feel his grace, so primitively but effectively bound.
He was always surprised when he thought he’d hit rock bottom but discovered it had only been a branch on the way down.
“Why don't we get off the floor, huh?” Sam suggested and Castiel made himself focus. Dean was quiet, eyes downcast and swimming. “You'd be more comfortable on the bed.”
They were standing in a small, dark room.  To their left was a table and chairs, a bookshelf and an octagon shaped table with strange, glowing carvings in the top of it that Dean hadn’t noticed until now.  To the right was another, smaller room with nothing but a staircase in it leading up to the next floor.
Iron hinges groaning under the weight of the righthand door as Cas heaved it open made Sam look over his shoulder.  But none of the guards even looked up and Dean wondered what the hell they were even being paid to do.
“I think that’s the first time I ever have.”  Castiel blinked, his smile slipping when he realized just what the feeling spreading through him was.  “I’m happy.”  He sounded as shocked as he felt, blinking up at Dean in wonder.
Rubbing the palms of his – probably sweaty – hands on his jeans, Sam had the expression of someone who had very narrowly escaped something.  He cleared his throat. “Four, the actual act of removing the feathers will probably be traumatising to all of us.”
Dean, and his solid warmth, were suddenly gone, and Castiel peeled his eyes open to see the hunter fiddling with something on the nightstand.  Dean’s hands shook as he raised a small clear vial into the air, checking the level of the liquid inside before producing a syringe from somewhere and drawing liquid into the needle.
Because other people had looked at him with that same expression, right before he’d killed them.  Which, for a normal person, would be a logical reason to feel nauseous.  But that wasn’t what was bothering him.
get this sorted out!" she hissed.  "I will not allow you to stay here with the Thieves Guild sending you threatening messages like this.”  She waved a crumpled piece of parchment in the air between them.  “I have a business to run and I'm tired of bailing you out of your debts!  If you don't fix this by the end of the month you can find a new place to live that is far away from me!"
this guy.  Cas had gotten those injuries doing what this guy and his coworkers couldn’t.  Cas had gotten those injuries protecting the people in this city from the stuff of their nightmares.
He glanced over at the strips of leather abandoned on the floor, thanking whoever may be listening for Liam’s foresight.  What might have happened if he hadn’t thought to grab them?  What might have happened if Liam wasn’t even here?  The brothers didn’t have such tools, they wouldn’t have been able to restrain him.
“Cas, when humans don’t eat for a few days, their digestive system shuts down and adapts to feeing off itself for energy.  And if you suddenly eat a lot all at once, it’s a really big shock to your system.”
“Dean, it's alright,” Cas reassured him, patting his hand and pulling his arm free.  “Nirn has an abundance of different intelligent species that don’t look at all human. Unlike Earth.  Beings that are very clearly of a different species are the norm here.  Even those men standing at the door are not the same kind of human that you and Sam are.”
As soon as he said it he realized it sounded strange.  The kind of thing that would make Dean sputter and make some kind of joke before quickly leaving the room.
It was such a sudden and drastic change in demeanor that, for a moment, Dean was left gaping, trying to bridge the gap between Castiel's militant report and his nervous request to learn how to make coffee, before the reason for the change suddenly occurred to him. It was the difference between
The angel strode towards the door, barefoot, shirtless, and scowling. “Human men are some of the most fragile creatures I have ever –”
“Of course!  The pointy end goes into the other person.”  When both Sam and Cas scowled at him, he said, “Alright, alright, I'm serious ok?  I might not be an expert with it – yet – but I wouldn't have gotten it if I didn't think I could handle it.  Besides,” he added, clapping his hand down on the angel's leather-clad shoulder.  “Someone's gonna need to run in and distract the bad guys so you can pick 'em off with that bow of yours, right?  That's what me and Sam are for!”
It left him feeling oddly hollow inside.  But he often felt hollowed out these days.  Like someone had sliced him open and scooped out all his insides.
The doors, which looked like they weighed several tons each, were undoubtably difficult to open and close, so one had been propped opened.  Just enough for one person to pass through the opening at a time.
“This...is such a mind fuck,” Sam eventually muttered, swallowing the meat with a grimace.  He looked between his brother and Cas.  “It's the same texture as steak but...”  he poked at the slab of mystery meat with his fork.  It looked like it had been cooked to perfection.  “....but it has a sort of fishy taste.”
Their eyes immediately snapped back to each other, faces set in stoic challenge and Dean sighed, just knowing by the time they were done competing with each – they did that a lot too – he'd have half a forest worth of wood piled in the sand outside his cabin.
The atmosphere between the three of them was so heavy that even Castiel was acutely aware of it.  He thought he would have regretted saying everything he had.  He’d held those insecurities so closely for so long.
Long after Sam had gone to bed and Cas was curled up on the floor just off to the side of the fireplace, Dean snuck outside around midnight, stepping into a steady, drizzling, rain that would turn to snow if the temperature dropped any more.
“Are you alright to continue, Castiel?  I have a few questions I need to get out of the way before we can continue.”
Knowing that seemed to do nothing to stop the nervous feeling bleeding into his gut and he sat up, throwing the blankets off and scowling when his teeth chattered uncontrollably.
Castiel shot him a glare.  “If either of you have a better suggestion on where to start our search then, by all means, speak up.”
Castiel stared back at him, his eyes wide and feral looking. There was blood dripping down his face and his skin - normally golden and soft - was unnaturally pale. Dean focused on the ropes tied too tight around Cas' wrists, noting their silvery sheen. When he started to saw through the ropes, Castiel flinched and snarled something in a language the brothers didn't recognize. Sam and Dean both froze, sharing a glance and likely thinking the same thing.
He was rusty, that much was evident right away.  It was harder than he remembered, trying to gather everything he could feel.  His anger, his shame, his guilt, his fear, and his physical pain were a lot to juggle, but he managed it.
"Can you tell me the story of the Dragonborn?" Cas held out two more gold coins but she covered his hand with her’s and pushed it back into his lap.
“Ok, good, that usually means you’re clear of a broken rib.  But I’m gonna press gently on each one and you need to tell me if any of them hurt more than the ones before it ‘cause you might have fractured one, ok?”
“I'll never get used to that,” said Sam, his eyes still on the last patch of sky that had contained angel.
Cas took a step back, his smile morphing into a mischievous grin, and his massive wings rose menacingly out of the water, rivulets cascading off the back like a second waterfall and Dean realized what it was the angel intended to do a split second before the wings arced high over Cas' head.
Cas was as still and silent as a shadow beside him, but he could still feel the air practically vibrating around the angel, Cas' eagerness to jump into battle like a physical presence.
The room was dark and the clock on the nightstand between the beds told him it was way too fucking early for him to be conscious after a hunt.  When he finally had the mental capacity to do so, Dean found Castiel’s profile in the dark, a sliver of his face illuminated by the orange light streaming through the threadbare curtain over the single window.
“Ah, what good're ya, then?”  the man growled, waving a hand in his direction like he was a pesky mosquito.
A distraction presented itself when he realized the pants were pleasantly soft.  Of course a distraction from one thing was a distraction from everything, including the focus it took to maintain that constant barrier between himself and all those pesky emotions.  It shuddered like flimsy sheet metal in a storm when he allowed himself a moment to indulgently drag his fingertips over the synthetic fibers.  It felt quite like running his fingers through the soft down feathers near the base of his wings.
His grace pushed against his skin and he wanted to attack something.  He wanted to throw himself at the threat and rip it apart, even though he also knew there was nothing to cut in to.  Not unless he wanted to drive his blade through his own brain.
I took less than a few seconds for him to complete the sigil and link the first line to the last.  Castiel felt his grace pulse and then fade like he was turning down the dial on a gas stove.
Curling over his folded knees, Castiel pressed his forehead and hands into the concrete floor, arching his wings up high over his back towards the Heavens, and inhaled a trembling breath.
“M’why’d you stop singing?” Castiel mumbled against the floor.  He was cold and there was much to do.  He should get up and do some of it.
Sometimes Dean forgot that had even happened, he seemed stuck on thinking about Metatron and what he had done to Castiel.  But Metatron was far from the first person to strip Castiel of his autonomy and treat him like a robot that needed tuning.
But Castiel just shrugged. "You were both gone. I couldn't figure out how to make the TV work. I was bored, so I slept."
Cas looked over his bare shoulder, eyeing the tents the trio had all assumed belonged to the couple.
Walking back in to the shack, Dean levelled a deadpanned stare upon his brother, where he had somehow managed to fold all six feet and four inches of himself onto the small, moth-eaten bed. "I guess you're getting the first nap.”
Dean closed his eyes without thinking, the edges of his thoughts fuzzy with fatigue, and prayed for Cas to hang on just a little longer.
For a moment it seemed as if Cas wasn’t going to answer.  Then, “We won’t be able to remove them.  Neither of you are strong enough to pull them out.  And I…can’t do it myself.  Crowley will have to do it.”
human now; like having to wear oven mitts when taking things out of the oven or grudgingly getting Sam to fetch something off the top shelf of the pantry for him.  Other things, though, frequently reminded Dean that even though Cas looked and moved like a human, he was most definitely not one.
Dean's face was doing it now and Castiel patiently waited, wondering what he'd said wrong this time.
Other times, when he was still half asleep and words were out of his reach, Cas would simply let his head fall onto Dean's shoulder for a moment while he stared off across the kitchen.
"Come on, Cas, wake up." he ordered, grabbing his other shoulder and giving him another shake. "Cas!" he barked. "Get
“Dean.”  And now Sam was using his patient voice.  “He was tricked into boarding up his own home and stranding his siblings on earth.  Metatron
He remembered Lucifer, remembered saying yes. For the last while – maybe a day, he thought, or several, but no more than that –
Sam quietly asked, more for confirmation that they were on the same page than anything else, “We’re not going to get those forms, are we?”
They scurried up the stone steps to the three story, A-frame building.  The shingled roof went right to the ground and there were two large additions jutting out from either side of the building that seemed to have been added well after the original structure had been built.
There was nothing.  Absolutely nothing.  As if Castiel had merely been a figment of their collective imagination for the last seven years.
“Thank you,” he nearly moaned as he sank into the ridiculous pile of soft sheets and pillows.  Shamelessly, he nuzzled down into the nest, wiggling his way between pillows and blankets until he was surrounded on all sides by softness, then curled himself into a ball inside his wings.
“Sam-“ Dean sighed, sounding as annoyed as he felt.  He couldn’t deal with any more negativity at the moment.  He
He couldn't look at her, a fresh wave of guilt washing over him.  He picked up the stick Sam had been using to poke at the fire and jabbed at the glowing coals.
The words lept off Dean's tongue, eager to reassure, remembered what all the articles had said about being specific and repeating those specifics when talking someone down.
The percolator started rumbling in the silence between the three of them and Castiel gratefully let it.  For a long time he had never understood what the term 'awkward silence' meant; now he had a painfully comprehensive understanding of it.
“Ok, here we go, one foot in front of the other.”  Dean glanced at Cas’ bare toes peeking out from under the hem of his pajama bottoms; felt the warmth of his bare skin under his hand, and tried to remember if it was cold out or not.
.  Dean would never forget the way Castiel had stared at them at first, tilting his head to the side like he did when he was particularly confused, because there wasn’t even a threadbare assumption in his head that they might care if he wandered in to the woods and never came back.
been happier, Dean, more than I've ever seen him.  He's beginning to learn that there is nothing shameful or sinful about wanting and enjoying things, that he does not always need to be a soldier first and Castiel second.  But it is a slow process, unlearning all that.”
Cas kissed him back with all the pent-up ferocity of a building storm, his hands reaching up and grabbing at Dean's jacket, tugging him closer.
He could smell the harsh, acidic tang of something burning and cold dread cut from his gut to the back of his tongue like a blade opening him up; he jerked in his seat with the force of the sensation and tried to tell himself it wasn't what he thought.  It wasn't his feathers burning up as he fell, it was something
“Oh, um, I have some potentially upsetting news, for you both, considering your obvious addiction to affein.”  Cas’ tone was gentle, almost guilty, and his wings shrunk as he folded them tightly.  “The coffee plant does not exist on Nirn, which of course means…there – there is no coffee…here.”
The wind picked up and turned bitter and Dean scowled when the first few white flakes fluttered angrily against his face.  All at once, his energy seemed to vanish and he actually stumbled, his stomach aching hungrily and his feet sore and tired.  Under his armor, he was sure his chest was black and blue already and even breathing was starting to hurt.  He briefly considered asking the angel to take a look but decided against it.  Cas had already used his grace to heal what would have been a fatal head injury in Sam.  Dean could handle a few bruises.
monster than they were used to but dammit they were the Winchesters!  They'd infiltrated heaven.  They’d shot the Devil in the face.  They had the King of Hell on speed dial.  Dragons were nothing!
“No,” Castiel sighed, feeling odd recognising that out loud.  “I’m not.” He was always in the process of fighting something.  Often several somethings at the same time.
There was a dilapidated alchemy table shoved against the outside of the shack that had seen more rain than use but Cas placed the flowers on its weathered surface.
He tried to look over as surreptitiously as possible but Cas spotted him, already glaring at the phone in Dean's hand with his arms crossed over his chest.
Sam was already halfway through his own bowl of food, so it couldn't have been too bad.  Though, Dean reflected, taking stock of his own body, he was so hungry they could have given him a piece of bark to chew on and he'd have thanked them and devoured it.  As it was, he was handed a simple wooden bowl in which he found a plain baked potato, a hunk of bread and some kind of charred mystery meat.
As they continued, the river abruptly turned away, tunnelling into a deep fissure in the side of the mountain – carrying its noise away with it – and the road veered into the trees and the rest of the day was spent ambling steadily down switchbacks carved between the thickening firs and pines that began to crowd either side of the road.
Castiel panted, hating himself for a multitude of reasons.  He wished Dean would let go of his wrists; his hands, so comforting before, now felt like shackles.
“My wings, I thought – I thought they were one of the pieces I couldn't get back,” Cas clarified. “I got too excited when I realized they hadn't been...taken, and...pulled them over.”
“All this stuff you're feeling...it's ok.  Do you understand that?”  Dean desperately wanted to reach out but with how tense Cas looked it seemed like a bad idea.  He'd always been better at comforting with touch rather than with words and his heart ached in his chest when Cas looked at him warily.
Over the crest of the hill, likely several miles away, a carpet of green could be seen clinging to the side of yet more mountains.  They aimed for the mountain peaks, following their steady diagonal path up the steep hill.
“What kinda questions?”  the drunk's eyes had narrowed suspiciously, suddenly flicking down and taking in Dean's armor and then up to the handle of the sword visible over his shoulder.  The man leaned closer, his rancid breath making Dean grimace.  “You an Imperial spy?”
Castiel’s knees ached, and kneeling on the floor like this was awkward for him.  He could not fold his wings against his back, they were too long and the flight feathers would have to bend against the floor, so he let them hang over his shoulders instead, so the flight feathers could lay parallel to the floor.
“The Dragonborn,” Cas repeated, seeming to ponder over its meaning.  But then his frown deepened in understanding and he spoke another word, his voice changing into something impossibly deep, rumbling as if spoken from the chest of something
Ah, yes.  The explanation for…everything.  Castiel felt an ominous heave in his stomach and his heart began to pound hard against his ribs.  He sat up a little straighter and swallowed around the dryness in his throat, nodding minutely.
“Well, the binding is Norse and when the sigil loses its power, it feels as if the serpent is coiled around me.  All the time.  When I do not obey immediately, he crushes me and it’s…it’s…”  He thought of the sheer terror of feeling an ancient being squeezing the life from him and held Liam’s gaze, so he could see.  “His fangs are in my brain and I can’t think and if I try to fight back-.” Even though the serpent was dormant now, Castiel still swallowed around a spike of cold fear at his unfinished thought.  Part of him was worried Jörmungandr would still be able to hear him.  “All I can do is…not do anything.”
Clearing his throat in what was likely a grossly ineffectual signal to end the conversation, Castiel abruptly stood.  He needed to work off some energy because it wasn't going anywhere on it's own.  Back when he'd still had access to heaven and been on speaking terms with all his siblings, sparring had been his preferred method of blowing off steam.  Of course he no longer had that option, but the bunker had a large weapons room that the brothers had put mats down in for practice purposes.
“What? Cas, it’s me. I finally found you. I can’t believe I found you.” He motions to help Castiel up, but the angel pushes him away. Dean creases his brow in response. “Cas, we aren’t safe here. We need to move. I’m pulling a Han Solo here, man. Come on.”
“Cute.” The Shadow smirks. She steps around Dean, eyeing him up and down. “How are you here? You’re human.” The streaming light, flowing behind Dean blinks and piques the Shadow’s curiosity. “What’s that?” Dean steps back, trying to protect the connection somehow. “Is that how you’re doing it? Tsk. Tsk. I don’t appreciate cheaters.” She says before reeling back and slamming her fist into Dean.
“Believe me, I know.” She looks down, finding her palm suddenly interesting. Dean signs, “Hey,” grabbing her attention. “Eileen, where’s Sam?”
Breathing heavily, clutching his chest, he looks up at Claire. The blue light follows Dean's movements as he slowly stands. "You need to hurry, Dean." Jack reminds him.
The girl turns around, looking straight through him. Her hair is completely disheveled, pupils blown, and her clothes are wrinkled. “Sorry, mister. I didn’t see you. I’m seeing a lot, actually, but I didn’t see you,” she says with a thick southern accent, giggling.
In the bunker, Claire remains frozen in place with the stream of light pulsating from her chest. Kaia stalks up by her side and searches her face. “Is she okay?”
He knows it is a long shot but everything else is coming up dry. He scrolls down swiftly reading the pages, when something piques his interest.
"I-I don't know. I thought it was a nightmare, but last night the same images played in my mind. I went all day yesterday feeling a sense of deja vu. The pie fest, reading the case, even eating breakfast."
“He can’t! He’s mine, Dean. Our deal is unbreakable. Non-negotiable. One angelic being for another. You’re little journey was all for nothing.” Meg’s voice taunts.
Dean ponders his answer and let's it slide. He picks up one of the pies and offers it to his brother. Sam declines. "Dude, you gotta at least try it."
"Mhm. Is that all you were looking for during the early morning?" Sam asks, eyeing the covered notepad. Dean notices and quickly turns it over.
Dean rolls his eyes at Jack's remark about not intervening. "So that’s your way of balancing things out?” Jack nods. “Right. Well, where do we find this tether or whatever."
"After I die, do you go on having the whole white picket fence, apple pie life with the 2.5 kids?" Dean clarifies, calmly.
“One soul stays on this plane, while the other uses this to enter the Empty. It gives off a supernatural aura and protects you from the Empty. Without a tether, the one who crosses the barrier dies. Humans do not belong there. That is why angel grace or reaper’s blood is required to access the Empty."
“Okay! Guess you won’t meet Lucian then. Come on, Luke,” she calls to her invisible brother and begins skipping away.
Dean creases his brow together, curious where his brother is, and motions to knock on the door but stops himself. He shakes his head at his own stupidity. He stands next to the couch and lightly touches Eileen’s shoulder to get her attention. She turns toward him and smiles.
Everyone gathers in the infirmary to prepare for the spell. Sam collects a large bowl, some witch hazel, a couple of candles, the artifact, the book containing the incantation, and the syringe for the extraction. Eileen stands next to Sam as he lights the candles. Claire and Kaia sit at the far end of the room, spectating.
“He went after our last lead on the reaper’s blood. He said he couldn’t let you kill yourself,” she says quickly and follows Dean as he is rushing toward the main entrance. “Dean!”
Dean shakes his head, processing it again. Every emotion he experienced in that moment smothers him as the blanket of darkness clears and he steps into the Empty.
Dean groans, pinches the bridge of nose, and squeezes his eyes tight. His eyelids become suddenly heavy with sleep. "We don't know," he sounds a little aggravated. "It initially calls for angel grace, but we're fresh out. Now, apparently there's an alternative," he trails off with uncertainty. “Reaper’s blood.”
A moment passes. Jody downs the rest of her glass of wine and pours another one. The ceiling fan slowly spins in the neighboring room, breaking the thick silence with its wooden creaks. Claire pushes her half-touched dinner away, and crosses her arms on the table. Kaia sips down the remainder of her water and rubs Claire's upper back in slow circular motions. Kaia can feel Claire's muscles tense under her touch and slowly relax. Despite how long they've shared each other's touch, Claire still is adjusting to the vulnerability.
The stream of light suddenly sparks, dimming and brightening. Claire jolts with the movement, and a drop of blood falls from her nose. Her face is twisted with pain, but she remains unconscious. Kaia straightens in response and reaches toward her.
Dean can hear the uncertainty in his brother’s voice. “This will work. This is how we bring him back.” Sam halfheartedly agrees and Dean hangs up and tosses his phone on the passenger seat. He exhales, closes his eyes briefly, and then focuses on the road before him.
Dean shakes his head. “No, no. Doesn’t work.” He mutters to himself. Dean runs his fingers up and down the glass, mindlessly.
She rolls her eyes. “It’s uncanny.” Jody gulps down a mouthful of whiskey. “Dean, I know you said Claire helping would be dangerous, but it sounds like the alternative is just as, if not more dangerous. Do you boys know what you’re getting yourselves into?”
“Cas, no. It’s really me. I’m here to take you home,” Dean pleads. The stream running through his chest, connecting him and Claire, tugs and burns hot. He turns back to the flowing light, struggling to hold the connection.
A winding road takes him through a sea of everwood trees. It’s a scene straight from a teen horror movie. The road widens to a cul-de-sac. A dead tree is planted in the middle surrounded by dying brush. This is the correct address but no buildings. No houses. It's an open field of trees. Dean parks his car to the side. A few skimpy cars are scattered around, and some people are gathered around by the dead tree.  They appear dead, or passed out.
The demon chuckles at the sight before him. A Winchester so distraught he’s almost on his knees begging for a kiss. “Truthfully, I can give you what you want. Death. Another eternity in Hell. I’ll even give you 6 months instead of 10 since you look so damn miserable. But it won’t save your precious angel. He’s stuck there.”
Dean is scanning through the online archives, with Miracle on the floor next to him fast asleep. He clicks on the topic
Dean steps onto the railing of the front entrance of the bunker, and spots Claire and Kaia sitting in the war room. His brow creases, confused and he shuffles down the stairs followed by Eileen and Sam. “What are you doing here?” He demands.
Dean huffs in response. He knows damn good and well Jack is staying out of everyone's business. There isn't any possibility Jack is interfering. "I doubt it."
“It’s an angel’s essence. Without it, they sort of fade away, and become an average joe. It’s what charges them up,” Dean explains.
He slows the car and pulls over. It's quiet. The Impala's headlights shine ahead, revealing an empty road. A bit of fog hangs loose above the ground. Dean sighs. He needs to get out of his head. There are too many thoughts and he feels like he wants to scream. Dean picks up his cell phone and pulls up Castiel's contact. His finger idles over the call button. Click. The line rings. And rings. And rings. And rings. There's a pause before the recorded voicemail answers.
“Hold on." She reaches for a napkin and pulls out a pen. On it, she writes an address and holds it out to Dean. “This is the last location I know of where the dealer hides out. It’s kind of shady looking. Strange people visit and some disappear. I know someone who kind of got wrapped up in all this and she,” Riley trails off. “Anyway, I just prefer not to involve the police anymore. They don’t believe in this kind of stuff.”
Dean reaches a curled up Castiel, disheveled and bloody. His trench coat and suit are ripped to shreds, revealing deep gashes on his skin. Halting in his tracks, Dean gapes at the site of Castiel. He is motionless, and small under Dean’s gaze. His heart stops, afraid he’s possibly too late. Then, a painful cough escapes past the angel’s lips.
“I just like to get to know my patrons while they visit me. In case they become regulars,” she says as she pours a light beer from the tap for another man at the bar.
Sam twists the needle from the syringe and pours the grace into the bowl, mixing it with the other ingredients. The contents form a mist upon contact. Before starting, Sam looks to Eileen and she nods. "In antiquis regnum et tenebrae recludo coram!" Sam recites. The Enochian on the artifact glows red hot and the diamond shape pops up. The mixture in the bowl begins to boil and the mist flows up, swirling high then stops. A bright, white stream of light shoots up from the center of the bowl and passes between Dean and Claire. Stopping five feet away, a rippling goo begins to form. The portal opens.
Lucian drops his hands and Dean slumps to the floor. His eyes flick across the room as thoughts swirl his brain.
The demon dramatically turns, as if he needs to walk away when he can just teleport. “Wait,” whispers Dean.
Then, a flash of images of Sam and Dean dressed in their normal FBI threads quickly blink by. Another image of them at an abandoned barn fighting some strange, masked creatures. Sam recognizes the mask from Dad's journal. And then a burst of images, showing Sam and Dean fighting these creatures appear. They're vampires! The brothers are winning, slicing the vamp's heads off one after another. The last image shows Dean pushed against something sharp and…
Dean sighs, looking to the side. He knows the many dead ends and how disappointing it is trying to save Cas. He doesn't want to subject his brother to the very same thing. "It's no use, Sam. Everything is a dead end. I've tried everything I can think of. Cas is gone," Dean resigns, defeated. "All we can do now is save people, hunt things, and live our lives. It's what Cas would want. It's what everyone, who we have lost, would want."
Dean reaches down for the same pie again but his face is met with a cold surface. Sam smothers the pumpkin pie in Dean's face, laughing. "You know what, I do feel better!"
There is a secret stash of whiskey in his man cave that Dean hid for emergencies. And this constitutes an emergency. He walks to the wall, removes a Star Wars poster from the fifth movie, and pulls out a few bricks, revealing the beautiful brown bottle of Jack Daniel's. Not his favorite but Dean was in a rush when he bought it a couple of weeks ago before they defeated Chuck just in case anything went sideways. Also, in case Sam found his stash at least it wouldn't be his good whiskey. Popping the cap off, Dean takes a long swig as he stumbles toward the couch. Sam should be home soon.
“You think this is the better option? It’s a shot in the dark. At least we know, with me, there’s a chance!” Dean’s eyes bore into his brother’s, pleading for him to listen. “Sam, just trust me.” He places his hands on Sam’s shoulders, and he looks away. “You don’t even know what you’re getting yourself into. With my plan, we know who we’re dealing with. It’s you and me, brother. And I have faith in us.” Sam looks at his brother, realizing this is the first time in weeks Dean has sounded hopeful.
Dean finishes the last three slices of pizza, underestimating how hungry he had been. He watches a few dumb YouTube videos for a while, to keep his mind off things, waiting for Sam to wake up. Dean is tempted to grab a beer from the fridge but decides against it. He needs to be as sober as possible for the hunt, for Sam. If Dean were to go alone, he would not care. Not at this moment anyway.
“I don't know when things began to change between us, but they did and it scared me. Every time we would get close, I felt myself pull away just enough to shield myself. Then, after losing you to Lucifer, my anger, and then the Empty I realized how much of a coward I was. I may have changed you, Cas, but you changed me too.” Dean pauses and exhales. "Our whole relationship, you sacrificed everything for me. Never asked for anything in return. You gave up everything for me and I took that for granted. I’m sorry. You didn’t deserve what I put on you. You deserve to be loved too.” Castiel’s eyes search Dean’s face.
Dean stares at Lucian. The air grows thick as silence clouds the room. Lucian is smirking at Dean. “I’m not selling my soul to you.”
he wasn’t truly an angel anymore,” interrupts the demon. He smirks at Dean, digging into his emotions and adds, “Thanks to you.” Dean squints his eyes.
Dean downs the rest of the whiskey and moves to the couch. His head is heavy with exhaustion and mind thick with alcohol. His worries surface as he dwells on the possibility of the spell failing and losing Castiel forever. He dwells on the absence he feels within him and his heart aches. His eyes start to burn behind his eyelids and he clenches his jaw, swallowing his emotions. The kitchen light shuts off and he hears footsteps recede up the stairs. He’s alone, drowning in his thoughts. Dean squeezes his eyes tight, willing sleep to overcome him. Soon, he drifts off into darkness.
Dean's head feels heavy, his vision is spinning, and all he can focus on is seeing Castiel. "Why do I feel like this?" He places a hand on his forehead, smothering the incoming headache. This is worse than a hangover.
“A mirage, yes. Don’t assume I’m some type of deceiver, Dean. I need all my clients to be willing. I offer a one in a lifetime experience. I take consent seriously. Also, I’m against violence,” Lucian says pouting his bottom lip.
Eileen shuffles up next to Sam and glances at the couch. She looks at Sam with a sad look. At dinner, he filled her in with everything he knows about Castiel and his sacrifice for Dean. But Eileen didn't realize it would affect Dean this badly. She walks over to Dean and pulls the blanket from on top of the couch and covers Dean. He's passed out again and is slightly twitching. His eyes are racing back and forth.
Stumbling back, he gears up to defend himself but the Shadow lands another punch. It grabs his collar to hold him steady. “I’m gonna break you into pieces. Then I’m going to rip that pretty little light out of you. And your precious angel will watch as you combust into nothing,” the Shadow, inches from Dean’s face, sneers. He grimaces and jolts forward, headbutting it. Stunning the Shadow, Dean takes the opportunity to land a few punches himself. He reels back after landing a handful of hits, but his arm is blocked and a strong kick to the abdomen pushes him back.
Then quick movement to Dean’s right alerts him. It’s a dark figure, humanistic. It is jogging toward the area with people passed out, and suddenly disappears.
Dean cuts himself on a few lone pieces of glass, but it's nothing he can't handle. In fact, for a brief moment, the pain gives him something to focus on. He mindlessly watches the crimson slowly drain down the sink as he holds his palm under the running water. He wonders what it feels like to float down the water, through the pipes, through the darkness, into nothing.
Amara appears next to Dean, staring at him sorrowfully. Jack sits upon the bed. Both invisible to Dean. “You need to tell them, Jack. You have to stop them.”
All of his memories with Castiel flip through his mind from beginning to end several times until stopping on their last moment together. Castiel, with tears in his eyes, smiling, telling Dean he loves him. Dean's heart thumps so hard against his chest his ribs hurt. Lucian grins and he knows this is the one. Tears threaten to fall as Dean feels the memory pull away from him and disappear.
Sam stands, with Eileen in tow. She helps him up by the arm. "You're wrong. I know he's not like Chuck, and stays away, but he still cares. I know he sent me this vision to help us. All of us," Sam stares at Dean's glare of hopelessness. "I have faith, Dean."
“Circumstances were different,” he pauses. “We don’t have anything on the reaper’s blood. This is it. We’re so close to the finish line, Sammy. I need you with me on this.” A beat. “Sam?”
An excruciating sting spreads through Dean’s chest as the Shadow presses down. It’s fingers deepen into his skin like claws. He cries out in pain, wincing. Castiel yells, “Dean!”
Several families are participating in the pie fest. Some are gearing up to find out who can eat the most pie, who makes the best pumpkin pie, and some are just making whip cream pies and pieing each other. Sam observes those around him with a small smile. A life he desperately wants someday but knows he can't have.
Sam and Eileen listen as Jack describes the correct order of ingredients and the incantation for the spell. Holy oil is one of the many ingredients they're missing. Sam raises his eyebrows, "That must have been one of the things lost in translation." He looks at Eileen.
"Okay! Thanks, Jack," Kaia stops him. The gravity of the spell weighs heavy on Claire. She's staring at a chipped tile on the floor, zoning out. Silence hangs thick in the room as everyone digests Jack's words.
"Claire, I get it. Trust me. But this could be dangerous, and we don’t even know if it will work. After everything, I couldn't risk something happening to you," Dean replies.
“Dammit, Claire,” Jody’s voice wavers. “What would I have done? Do you ever think? I honestly don’t know what to say.”
Dean drives and drives and drives. He has no destination, but right now the road is welcoming. He runs his hand across the Impala’s steering wheel, slick, smooth and familiar. He almost forgets the feeling of driving his Baby. The trees and asphalt blur in his vision. The only thing Dean focuses on are the yellow lines on the road, but even those begin to blur as well. Dean squeezes his eyes shut for a moment and azure eyes stare back at him.
“Oh, silly! He’s here you just can’t see him with your regular eyes! You need your second pair of eyes,” she says with wonder.
“It’s not a big deal. I’m fine. Quit worrying so much. You’re going to get grey hair before I do,” Dean puts the jar back in his pocket and turns the ignition to the Impala.
Jack looks to the side, as if he’s looking to someone for reassurance. Amara appears in front of Jack, visible only to him, and nods. “You need to stop the spell.”
"Stop. Okay just stop. We are not going on this hunt. If you want to be suicidal, fine, but I'm keeping you out of danger. You are always so quick to jump in front of a gun or blade. Do you still care that little about yourself, Dean?" Sam searches his brother's eyes. "What about that job paperwork on your desk? You must have cared at some point. Wanted to live!" Dean is quiet. Sam sighs. "Cas wouldn't want you to die. He died to save you, remember? So, what I am going to do is bring Cas back. Are you going to help me?"
Dean gets up, signaling he's done with this conversation and takes the notepad with him. He doesn't even acknowledge Eileen as she brings breakfast to the library. "The case is pulled up on my laptop. I'm going to get ready." Dean turns the corner and is gone before Sam can reply.
Dean’s eyes widen and his expression falters. “No, no. No, it’s just me.” He sighs. The sound of Castiel’s voice saying, “I love you” replays in Dean’s head. “Why?”
“Don’t!” Jack shouts. The touch sends electrical shocks through both girls, causing Kaia to withdraw her hands and Claire recoil in pain. The stream of light flickers viciously, and disappears.
“We should go!” Dean suggests. He wraps the angel’s arm over his shoulder, hoisting him upright as they quickly follow the tether back home. Castiel questions the stream of light and Dean explains the spell and how Claire is the tether.
Dean goes to call after her but stops. Every instinct tells him to go get Sam. Come back with help. But he has to know what is going on here.
Dean swings the door to the bar open and takes a seat in the middle. The stool is a bit worn down and the plastic is ripped, but the atmosphere is familiar and he appreciates the song "Bad Moon Rising" by Creedence Clearwater Revival filling the room.
“This place is magical! Can’t you see all the rainbow birds, how bright the sun is, and my brother is standing next to me," she cheers.
"I'm not. Not right now," Castiel smiles but it's not his smile. His lips spread farther than normal - resembling the Cheshire Cat from Alice in Wonderland. Dean grimaces as his vision doubles and he suddenly is withdrawn from Castiel, backwards toward nothing.
"It is. I'm the one that dragged you back into this life, Sam. I'm the only one keeping you here. Let me give you an out."
“I want to see, Cas,” he finally blurts out. He relaxes his shoulders. Dean doesn't notice he had them raised slightly.
Dean gets rid of the dead body, gathers the small metal box, and drives again. He drives for an hour until he comes across a small bar that resembles The Roadhouse. Dean softly smiles. The Impala driver door groans as Dean closes it.
Dean's expression falls. He looks down and places the pie back in its spot. "Yea me too. I think about them too. Every day. But we have to move on, Sam. Live our lives. Or else that sacrifice, it will all be for nothing," Dean looks at Sam. "So help me finish this pie."
Cas. I don’t know what happened to you here, but what I do know is, we're real. I know that I can’t lose you again. That night was one of the worst nights of my life, Cas. Ever since then, I’ve thought about what I want to say - what I should have said.”
He turns back to Eileen, her face forlorn. Circling her arms around him, she squeezes him tight. Clenching his jaw as a tear falls down his check, Sam tries to focus on the situation at hand. He steps over Claire, and kneels down. “How is she?”
On his aimless drive, Dean passes through a four way dirt road intersection. His memory of the deal with a crossroads demon to save Sam pops up. He considers trying to do the same for Castiel, but who knows if deals like that have much power in the Empty.
His bottom lip shakes in hesitation as he stutters. "I just need to see him. I have to tell him something," he speaks softly.
"No, I need to go back! I didn't get to tell him. I hardly said anything! Take me back!" He demands.
“No," he gently sits the coin down and looks to Dean. "Your intention with Michael’s grace was to compress its power and rip open a portal to the Empty. That would have destroyed his grace and you’d have lost your tether. Your connection back to Earth and you’d die before you even stepped into the Empty,” Jack retorts.
Lucian accepts the photo and closes his eyes. "This should do just fine. I detect enough power in this photo." The warlock collects a wooden bowl, some bones from the human skull Dean notices earlier, a handful of witch hazel, and a small empty jar. Lucian places the picture of Castiel to the side. Dean doesn't recognize the language the warlock mumbles as he tosses the ingredients into the bowl. Mist begins to roll above and out from inside. Lucian picks up a jagged knife from the desk and slices his palm. A few drops of blood fall upon the picture. Dean gives him a puzzled look.
“We’re not discussing it. Sam, get the supplies ready for the extraction. Eileen, keep an eye on these two. I’ll be back.” On the ride home, Sam explained Dean’s plan to Eileen. That he possibly has fragments of grace from the archangel Michael, and is willing to undergo the extraction process. She is still somewhat puzzled by the procedure but quickly adapting.
Lucian approaches Dean and he doesn't register his presence. Not until he feels the warlock placing both hands on his cheeks. Lucian pulls Dean's head up to lock eyes. Dean can't move. He attempts to throw a punch but his arms are frozen. He can't run. Dean doesn't know what to do.
The dial beeps. Dean hesitates again but says quietly, "Hey it's me. Just wanted to hear your voice. The way you left- it's got me pretty messed up, man. I have to admit I never thought an angel was capable of emotions. You once told me I'm different. Well so are you. So I suppose my assumptions just make me an ass, huh?" He chuckles. "I'm sorry, Cas. I need you to know that. I need you to know th-that," he trails off. "Me too, Cas. I just need you to hear me, man." Dean pauses and rubs his brow with his index finger. "This is so stupid." He hangs up, and with a clench of his jaw, he pulls back onto the road.
“What can I get for ya?” A petite, dark headed woman with bright, blue eyes asks from behind the bar. She actually resembles Pamela Barnes in some aspects. That makes Dean smile earnestly.
He tosses his duffle bag on the war table and advances through the bunker, carefully stepping through the maze of books. As he passes each room, Dean is met with silence. There are no signs of a struggle. “Sam!” Reaching for his phone, rounding the corner of the hallway, he hears soft laughter. Dean walks toward the sound. It’s coming from his man cave where light from the TV illuminates the room. Inside, Eileen is texting while Pineapple Express plays on the screen, audio silent replaced with subtitles.
“How do I meet this Lucian?” He asks, glancing above her, checking his surroundings. She begins to giggle as she twirls faster. “Hey! Come on, Lucian. How do I meet the guy?” He repeats.
Amara walks toward Jack, stopping before him. “You can’t or you won’t?” Jack swallows hard, with no response. “You know what? Screw this disconnected omnipotent crap. They need you.” Dean exits the room, leaving Amara and Jack alone. “This isn’t right. You know that.” Jack’s eyes are sad with confliction. Amara kneels down, her voice softer. “I know you fear what you might become. That you’ll follow the same path as my brother, but that isn’t you, Jack. You have a choice here. The burden you bear, you shouldn’t face it alone. It’s possible to find a balance.”
"I've tried everything I can think of, Sam. Everything! Praying, research, calling Rowena. She doesn't answer. Jack is off grid. I've tried! There's nothing. He's gone!" Dean's voice cracks. He swallows down the pain. "We have to accept that. And however I deal with it is my business. So don't give me those judgy eyes like you are now." Dean says pointedly.
"It wasn't enough time. I need more. Do it again!" Lucian ignores Dean's demands. "I said, do it again dammit!"
"My blood is the key ingredient. It helps bind us, so we stay connected during the spell," he clarifies.
"We're ready," Sam calls to them. Claire looks at Kaia and they share a longing look, eyes buried deep with love, understanding but masked with concern.
"Because in this hunt you die, Dean," Sam blurts out. Dean stays quiet. "You die and I have to go on without you. You leave me and I have to live a life without my brother."
The hood to the trunk closes once again with Dean’s pistol tucked inside and Dean looks up. The scenery has changed. He is now standing in the middle of a bright lit foyer, a small table in front of him with a bouquet of dead flowers, a staircase leading upstairs to darkness, and three rooms surrounding him. One to his left is a living room adorned with antique furniture and a small fireplace against the wall. One to his right is unknown, the double, wooden doors are closed - possibly an office. The room straight ahead is the kitchen. Dean observes the fridge and island cabinet. The house is quiet aside from the noises coming from the room to his right. It sounds as if someone is dying or crying.
Two weeks go by in a daze. Sam has searched almost every book on the left side of the library. Eileen keeps the brothers hydrated and fed. Sam tells her not to worry about that, but she does. She bakes cookies occasionally, and brings home pie to cheer Dean up. He nods and half-heartedly grins in appreciation. Miracle cuddles Dean at night and licks his hand until he falls asleep. His presence is warm and comforting. Sam and Eileen both see Dean withdraw more and more everyday. They worry.
Sam texts Eileen and tells her he wants to make up for the date they missed months ago. She agrees it has been too long and tonight would work for her. Sam doesn't want to make promises, as the day is still young, but they plan for their date tonight at 7. Dean teases Sam about it even though the two are already a couple. Saying things like, "don't do anything I wouldn't do" or "make sure you use protection." Sam just sighs and shakes his head.
Dean swerves out of the parking lot onto the asphalt. The moon hangs high in the night sky; it’s a small crescent, a few small grey clouds shielding it.
“Well, then no more time to waste,” Dean says and positions the needle above his arm. He slowly injects it, and withdraws a large amount of grace, filling the entire syringe. He retracts the needle, and begins to feel lightheaded. “Think this is enough?”
“And they can heal people with it, right?” Kaia asks, and Dean nods in return, his eyebrow creased, curious where she is going with this. “Could someone have angel grace, but not be an angel?”
“Shut the fuck up. Why won’t Rowena answer my calls? Why won’t she see me?” His questions increase in volume with intensity. “Huh?”
“You’ve been rejecting all these women all night. You’ve gotta be tied down to someone. There ain’t no other explanation.”
Green eyes lock with blue and Castiel smiles at Dean. Then suddenly, Castiel's wings begin to dissipate and burn away. He appears to scream in pain. Dean reaches out just as soon as the water darkens and swarms around Castiel. He thrashes against the thick water but cannot break free. Dean is frozen in the water and at once cannot breathe. He screams out to Castiel but no sound comes out. He, instead, inhales the water. Castiel disappears within the black, thick water just as soon as he appears. He's gone.
The contents of the bowl mix and form a liquid, swirling inside. Dean leans over and sees a neon blue liquid. Lucian pours it inside the empty jar and hands it to Dean.
“Claire, no,” Jody states. “If Dean says it’s dangerous, then no. You’ve already gotten yourself killed.”
The strange girl ferociously nods her head up and down. “That’s what Lucian calls them.” She twirls around, watching her crinkled dress swish from side to side.
Claire ignores her, instead pays more attention to the books on the library table. “Hi. I’m Kaia and that’s Claire. She sometimes has a tendency to make things awkward,” Kaia harshly whispers.
Dean places the pen next to the notepad after a moment. He wipes his nose with his flannel sleeve. Not many tears fell but his nose is running pretty good. Out of all of his thought entries, this one felt the most cathartic. He sometimes pretends that Castiel can hear him read the words to himself or even hear him as Dean writes the words. Just as Castiel heard his prayer in Purgatory. But he doesn't. He won't. The empty is a dark and torturous place.
A few girls, confidently and bravely, approach Dean periodically throughout the night. Each one, he easily lets down. His younger self would be kicking him right now. In fact, twenty-seven year old Dean would jump at any chance to have sex with all of these women. Now, though, everything is different. The last girl, she has a few too many, becomes a bit too touchy with Dean. He has to continuously remove her hands, but when he glances away in embarrassment, she moves in to kiss him. He doesn’t reciprocate, and the woman pulls back, spilling with apologies. Dean assures her it’s fine and “we’ve all been there.” She nods in acceptance and shuffles away. No more women approach him after that.
“So,” Lucian stands up and comes around the desk. “The bottom-line is you want to be here. You chose to drive the forty-five minutes. You chose to put your gun back. You chose to step inside my office. It’s all been your choice,” he says with one final step toward Dean. They are less than two feet away.
The Impala's wheels struggle to gain traction against the gravel as Dean spins around back to the main road. Back to the bunker. Dean recalls the warlock's spell and seeing Castiel. The conversation is blurry and he doesn't quite remember what he wanted to say.
“Aw, well ain’t that adorably disgusting.” Meg’s voice sounds from behind Dean, her tone insolent and dry. Recognition flashes across Castiel’s face. Dean is actually sitting before him. Dean just told him he loves him.
“Are you kidding me? I’ve been calling you for weeks! Bring him back!” Dean marches to Jack, completely dismissing the spell.
The noise startles Dean out of his shock and he blinks. To his left, a foot away, he eyes the small jar half full of the blue liquid. Dean must have dropped it during the spell and the jar happened to land right side up. Dean swiftly reaches for it and clears his throat before standing.
“Besides, we have no way of knowing if that was the last of it. For all we know, it could have been depleting over the years and that was the last of its mojo. Not worth the risk.” Dean finishes off his whiskey. “Cas, wouldn’t want you dying for him,” he says softly.
“I think Heaven is strictly for human souls, and the angels watch over them until they die,” Jody reassures Alex.
Kaia hesitates before continuing. “I told Claire we should call Jody, but she insisted we could handle a few vampires. A few turned into a nest and things got complicated.”
Jack lowers his gaze. “I know. I’m sorry, Dean. My choices have been uncharacteristic. I see that now.”
“Thanks,” he lifts his glass up in appreciation and then takes a drink. The liquid burns as it flows down. He sucks a breath between his teeth and releases it slowly. “Damn.”
The house is warm and inviting, with a hint of cinnamon as Dean ventures into the living room. Exhaustion is creeping upon him with the weight of his limbs growing heavier. Alex is in the kitchen, finishing up dinner. Jody had called ahead of time and nicely asked her to whip up something to eat. The strong scent of garlic and marinara cause Dean's stomach to immediately growl with intensity.
Dean reaches into his wallet and pulls out a wrinkled picture of Castiel. He's standing against Dean's bedroom door, almost blushing. The memory of Dean wanting all three of them to wear ugly sweaters for Christmas one year begins playing.
Eileen's face falls as she holds a plate of french toast, bacon, sausage, and lots of syrup. Then one plate of regular scrambled eggs with toast for Sam. She sits the plates on the table and watches Dean leave. "Is he not hungry? I made his favorite." She says.
Sam turns around in response. “Well, essentially this artifact is supposed to open the Empty and bring Cas to us. It’s kind of like a compass. It’ll show him our location.”
Jack walks to Claire, and stops at her side. He faces the brothers and Eileen. "She's the tether." He points to Claire.
Dean glances at his gun, and feels the heaviness of it. The cold of the metal against his fingers. He feels safer with it in his grip. “I’m not getting rid of my gun,” he replies.
Dean walks toward the bookshelf. A word on one of the book’s spines stands out to him from the others. He reads the full title as he steps closer,
The wooden floors creak as he walks through the library. The silence is deafening yet comforting. It's a reminder that, for once, the world isn't ending. The linoleum sends shivers down his spine as he enters the kitchen. Sam replays the nightmare in his head while he downs a glass of water from the sink. The images slowly become distorted and misplaced in his memory. He eventually cannot picture it in his mind.
He slowly steps in glancing around the room. Crystals, skulls, unfinished hex bags, and books align the book shelf. There is a plush velvet couch against the wall to Dean's right. A large human skull sits upon Lucian's desk, the top is cracked and exposed, creating a bowl. Smaller bones reside inside. Dean can smell incense, or sage, or some witchcraft bullshit.
Dean clears his throat. “Okay. Alright. I know this is all witchcraft bullshit. So what is this, huh? You some hocus pocus Pablo Escobar? People get high on your spells and you get what? Money?”
Dean's head is warring with his heart and he can’t take it. The pain is too much. He just wants to see Castiel again.
The makeshift compass stops and points eastward. Dean shrugs and treks along an unmarked path. The Empty is just that empty. There is absolutely nothing aside from the occasional high-pitched noises. Dean feels a warmth on his right ear, touching the skin, he notices blood dripping down.
"Are you going to tell us about the phone call, or not?" Claire asks, slightly annoyed, dropping her silverware on the table.
“Like hell,” Dean says through gritted teeth. “We're bringing Cas back. No thanks to you. If this is why you're here, then nice seeing ya." He turns away and starts walking toward the table displaying the spell contents.
Dean has an internal war within himself on whether he should pack it up and go or replace his weapon and follow the strange girl.
Footsteps echo as Dean joins the group. He glances between everyone, staring back at him. The silence is deafening, with apprehension cloaking the room. Dean plasters on a fake grin and walks up to the table. He reaches down and carefully picks up the large syringe.
Jody furrows her brow at Claire, disappointed and upset. “This is the first time I’m hearing this.” Claire avoids Jody’s eyes.
"Yeah, me too," Sam perks up. "I think I found something that screams our kinda thing. We should head there after we eat breakfast. It's not too long of a drive." Dean finishes as he places the cooked bacon on some paper towels and grins from ear to ear. Sam just watches as his brother starts on some scrambled eggs.
"Her connection? You mean the angel grace?" Kaia asks, and Jack nods. "We weren't sure she had any left in her."
Alex laughs and sets the tray of toasted garlic bread on the stove top. Kaia is setting the table as she looks toward the front door. Claire joins her before squeezing her arm lightly and planting a kiss on Kaia's cheek. Dean catches the gesture and glances at Jody, who is smiling earnestly. Removing her oven mit, adding a few extra touches to the spaghetti, Alex announces dinner is ready. Jody pulls out a bottle of wine and five glasses. She usually doesn't like the girl's drinking underage, but due to circumstances it's fitting.
Bright blue swirls fill his dreams as he drifts off. He feels immense warmth as the blue wraps around him like a large ribbon and he floats above the grass. The ribbon caresses Dean like a soft, silk cloud, holding him in place. A slight breeze causes the ribbon to ripple in harmony and alternate between hues of blue. The colors circulate between indigo to azure to cobalt to cerulean to teal and finally midnight blue effortlessly. Dean sees dark angels wings above and feels safe. He flies higher as the ribbon ascends toward the wings. Flashes of cerulean eyes skip by, sad and yearning, before Dean is pulled down into dark azure ocean water by the wings. The ribbon of blue dissolves into nothing. Dean feels alone. In dreams, people don't usually have their sense of smell, but Dean swears he smells hints of sandalwood, a campfire, and honey. Then, he sees Castiel materialize before him with his wings extended, long and wide. Beautiful. They're untouched with no sign of rebellion or impurities. Just as Dean had first seen them.
