“As you read the email for the second time, you skimmed over the first part - about the death I assume since you frowned – but lingered over the later part and tilted your head a bit like the way you do when you look at pictures of dogs on the Internet, and you held in a chuckle; it makes your chin tighten up.”
Instead, the room looked… different. Brighter. Certainly tidier. The air held a whiff of lemony cleaning product. John walked in, then spun himself around to look at the whole room. His brow furrowed with puzzlement as he tried to suss out the differences. “What’s…” he began, just as Sherlock cleared his throat hesitantly.
, decided to brazen it out. “We’re here to have a conversation with Mack Davies,” he said calmly, naming the contact the rich twat had reluctantly identified during their interrogation.
“What, just now, in an email? Seems rather cold, don’t you think?” Sherlock lashed out, hand flashing to press hard on the scar on his chest.
They came together tentatively - and yes, had to sort out how their arms would go - and then they were hugging.
“Not really hungry, no. But I could come with you if you fancy thirds,” Sherlock offered. He desperately wanted a cup of tea, but not enough to eat an omelet to get it.
Sherlock awoke gradually in an unfamiliar room, on an unfamiliar bed, surrounded by too many ridiculously squashy pillows and covered with a thick, fluffy comforter. He was roasting, and he could not have cared less. When his eyes opened, the first thing he saw peeking out from under the puffy covers was the sleeping face of John Watson. John’s hair swoosh had flopped over in the night, and was coming straight up from his head over the top of his pillow. His mouth was slack and his cheek mashed forward toward his nose a bit. Somehow, Sherlock found it to be entirely entrancing, and not the least bit (
Sherlock dragged him to a crime scene the day after that. “You look like you could use a pick-me-up,” he quipped. “I’ve got a nice double-homicide, a locked room, on the hob just now. Come on!” And he hustled John into a cab, blithely informing Amina they’d be back sometime before tomorrow. His manic grin faded a little in the face of John’s haggard silence.
“Well...” John squirmed a bit on the sofa. “A few of my mates in the unit thought he might have been a little... fixated... on me. And after I was injured and sent home, I heard that he had - erm - taken up with one of the squaddies who they used to tease because he looked alot like me.” He cleared his throat uncomfortably.
John sat down on the bed in the ringing silence left by Sherlock’s departure, vigor and energy draining out of him all of a sudden. His time in the sauna had left his muscles filled with lassitude, so he lay back on the bed with his hands cupping the back of his head on the pillow.
Sherlock didn’t demand he come to Baker Street all the time, instead stopping by John’s flat when the whim struck. When John did visit, Sherlock made him tea and had his favorite biscuits in the cupboard. Sherlock would watch John over the rim of his own cup with every sign of contentment to have John there, despite his dropping crumbs on the floor.
He took Rosie out of her highchair, and soothed her against his shoulder until she quieted. Some part of John watched himself go through the motions, calming his child, returning her to the chair and giving her a colorful plastic spatula to bang against the table while he cleaned up the spilled cereal and tea. He moved on autopilot, peeling half a banana and mashing it smooth, then giving it to Rosie by the spoonful; she was much more enthusiastic about this offering and opened for each bite with a little ‘ah!’ of enjoyment.
Sherlock’s sharp gaze seemed to follow his train of thought, and the lean face slid into a frown. “You have not been yourself, John. Not since Mary...” he looked down and coughed uncomfortably. “Well. Don’t judge yourself too harshly.”
From the dresser, a baby monitor emitted tinny-sounding wails, while the real thing could be heard echoing down the hallway. John threw back the covers and shrugged into his dressing gown and slippers. He trudged down the hall like a zombie to soothe his fractious child back to sleep.
“Actually, I think I’d like to get some air before I come up to bed. Alright?” He said, looking at the floor again. It was clear he had remembered their unexpectedly intense interlude from earlier and was not yet ready to face the intimacy of sharing their room. Sherlock felt the awkwardness himself, actually. It surprised him.
Sherlock turned his narrow-eyed stare at Lestrade, who squeezed John’s shoulder once more with another of his startling bright smiles, then turned back to the desk to rummage among his files. “Yeah, right here. It’s another blunt trauma, outside, though this time there’s no footage - it was a construction site that only had cameras at the gates. I dunno, something about it, though…” Lestrade trailed off as he separated a file from the rest and passed it over. John moved to look at it over Sherlock’s shoulder.
And then, John blinked and turned back to the table, clearing his throat. “So, er, I guess there’s a little more news to pass along,” he said sheepishly.
“There! How do you feel?” He asked John as he ushered them over to the sofa and chair they’d occupied the day before.
John sighed. “Often enough,” he acknowledged, “I have nightmares, probably more often than is typical. If I’m upset, it’s a struggle to fall asleep.”
They all said hello, and Aunt Brigid insisted ‘the boys’ go fix themselves plates before they had even sat down. Sherlock shrugged, and dutifully headed for the buffet. Once there, he and John exchanged suppressed smiles, then strode over and ordered from the gloomy attendant. Somehow, using doctorly charm that Sherlock didn’t understand and certainly didn’t possess, John was able to quietly take the fellow aside and suggest that he give up the motorcycle. The omelets they received were two inches thick, and absolutely delicious.
Davies looked at them dispassionately as the big man left the room. “So, you have some... business for me, you say?” His tone could not be more uninterested.
Aunt Brigid and Uncle Tim, who had been watching this exchange avidly, heads turning as at a tennis match, were hailed from across the room; their presence was required and they reluctantly took their leave.
Sherlock surprised him by capturing his hand firmly in his enormous grasp, long fingers engulfing almost the entirety of John’s smaller palm and sturdy fingers. Scintillating eyes searched his face for a quiet minute, while brows drew down in concentration. The usually eloquent genius seemed to struggle for words. “John,” he said seriously. “I know you don’t want to talk about it, but we must discuss what Dr Harrington said to you yesterday.”
“What the HELL is going on here?” he yelled in his best ‘stop the squaddies in their tracks for a well-deserved bollocking’ voice. “Sherlock, what are you shouting about? Why is everyone going through my things? Nurse Jones, Nurse Savage, those are my drawers, I’ll thank you to put my pants back in them.” He stood with arms crossed on his chest, tightly-leashed anger clear on his face as those named looked abashed and traded wide-eyed looks.
“No injury. Psychosomatic presentation of PTSD. Had massive pain up my right leg, affected my walking, muscles locked up all the time.” John ran a few more steps. “I had a cane, even. Felt like an old grandpa.”
Sherlock stepped back into the bullpen area reluctantly, then with a final razor-sharp sweep of his gaze, visibly switched  mental gears back to the case. He turned in a swirl of coattails to head for the door. “Come John, we’ll get a cab. Lestrade, you can meet us there.”
In the spring of John’s first year at St. Bart’s medical school, Aunt Brigid called to let him know she and Tim were getting married that summer. John was genuinely pleased for them; in his opinion, Mr. Penton was good for Aunt Brigid, and Aunt Brigid was good for Tim and his kids, especially Stephen.  Marjorie had outgrown her goth phase and matured into an intelligent, self-possessed young woman who was well on her way to a doctorate in Chemistry and a career in pharmaceutical research. Stephen had struggled to find his way in school, timid and accident-prone in his teens. In recent years, he had come out of his shell somewhat and was looking forward to Uni avidly. John privately thought some time out of his sister’s shadow had done him a world of good.
He raised his clasped hands to his lips and spoke from behind them. “And, even though I was attacking you, I notice you didn’t jump on me, or even get all that angry.”
Duck and John exchanged a look - John’s rueful, Duck’s thoughtful. “Yeah,” John said. “He’s always like that.”
John shook his head. “Everything up until Marjorie stopped me outside the gents and asked to talk is fine. Figured we were going to have an argument and that would be the end of it, but she sprayed me with that stuff just as we came up to the lifts. It’s bits and pieces after that. So, what happened?” He opened the bottle and drained most of it, swishing the first mouthful around loudly. Somehow even that wasn’t off-putting to Sherlock. (
Sherlock regarded him soberly for a moment. “It couldn’t hurt,” he said quietly then looked back down into his own carton, letting the matter drop in favor of wolfing his curry.
“Not to worry, John,” Sherlock murmured close to his ear. He shivered with the unexpected tickle of it. “I am not using anymore, and this does not tempt me in the least.”
“I counted six, and after Hammer is dispatched, this woman steps into view from behind a convenient tree. So, she could be hugging the edge of the path from the entrance there, or she could be coming from the trees. And what is she carrying, John?” Sherlock’s eyes sparkled as he asked the question, urging John to look, to see the important detail that he had already pinpointed with his sharp wit.
John stared straight ahead as they emerged from the lift on Lestrade’s floor and strode through the scattering of desks in the bullpen. He resolutely did not acknowledge the heads turning in his direction, preferring to keep his eyes on his goal and avoid catching the looks of pity and derision he was sure he’d see on the faces he passed. Sherlock had already arrived in the fishbowl of Lestrade’s office, and was dropping the shades while throwing unfriendly glares at the more persistent gawkers.
Sherlock came back to himself after a long moment, tuning into the sound of John’s voice and the weight and warmth of John against his chest. He couldn’t remember when he’d ever climaxed so hard - which was saying something given the caliber of his lover. Tonight had been truly spectacular.
“Marjorie. She’s been quite fixated on John since her husband passed. We came up with the idea to put her off.” He chuckled. “It was rather more effective at showing us what the other was hiding, it seems.”
He and John accompanied John’s Aunt and Uncle through the buffet line when their table was called, filling their plates with this and that, though they both skipped the beef station while suppressing their smiles. They resumed their seats and tucked in; the food was again excellent, and again even Sherlock ate with good appetite. He especially enjoyed the pinched look on Marjorie’s face as he dabbed at John’s chin with a napkin, or offered him a canapé from his fingers, or accepted a bite from John’s fork. He made a point to catch her eye when he leaned over to speak quietly in John’s ear, enjoying the way his friend sucked in a breath at the vibration of his baritone so close to thin skin. (Holmes: many; step-whatsit: still zero, ha!)
The moment seemed to stretch, each clinging to the other, remembering their respective pain. Slowly, Sherlock’s breathing returned to a more stable rhythm, and John relaxed his hold just a bit in case his friend would need some space. He didn’t let go, though. These last few days, he’d been so focused on not giving anything away to the world’s most observant man that he hadn’t noticed how much he’d been missing the wiry strength and warmth of a hug from Sherlock. He shut his eyes and breathed deeply, relishing this opportunity.
“Yeah,” John said, caught suddenly wrong-footed, petting a grown man while in hospital. He casually retracted his hand back to his lap, trying to disregard the tingling in his fingertips. “You’ll get a pain in your neck if you sleep like that for long.”
John flopped back into his chair with an almost-silent groan and wiped his hands across his face. “I should have known I wouldn’t be able to hide this from you. Christ, what a mess.”
John nodded his understanding, and held out a hand for his friend to take. Sherlock’s hand enveloped his and held firmly. “Thanks, Sherlock. Today has been... well, not great. But better, with you here. I appreciate it.” John looked earnestly up at his friend, who nodded silently and regarded him, his smile weighted with a tenderness John found surprising.
John’s expression sobered as he read the email. “She seems to be coping quite well with her bereavement,” John said dryly. “She wants to know if I’ll be going to Stephen’s wedding. Aunt Brigid asked me too, so I don’t think I can get out of it,” he blew out a big sigh. “Well, maybe in four months, we’ll be deep in a case and I can beg off. Get on that, will you?” He shot Sherlock a more genuine smile and put the laptop aside, getting up from the chair. “I’m starving, let’s have some lunch!” John headed for the kitchen; finding distraction, as he often did, in the small tasks of the day.
“A run? Why?” Sherlock asked, and peered down at his friend, causing unexpected double-chins to appear at his neck.
“No, you missed it. Let me,” his friend said.  His big hands spidered across John’s scalp, making the short hairs on the back of his neck stand up. He shivered as Sherlock stepped back, a bit of green something pinched in his fingers. He dropped it in the bin.
“John, I should have known better than to creep up on you when you were sleeping. I’m just as guilty in this as you are.”
“Don’t speak, I’m counting.” John could feel Sherlock bristle in indignation; he put a placating hand on his friend’s arm and shot him a firm head shake. Sherlock subsided with poor grace, but waited in silence.
“I,” said John, but stopped when Sherlock tightened his hold, a panicky breath stirring his hair. Not ready yet, then, I guess. “Okay.” He squeezed back, resigning himself to patience.
John considered it. How did he feel? His arms and legs were weighted with tiredness and the burn of lactic acid metabolizing from muscles too little used over the last year or so. He was warm, a little sweaty still, and his body hummed with the buzz that comes from working hard, but not too hard. He felt... “brilliant, actually. Physically I feel... really good. Like my blood’s been stirred around after much too long.” He also felt ready, if not exactly eager, to start talking to someone he felt would not judge, and would give him an honest response. After months and years of the likes of Mycroft’s disingenuous posturing, Sherlock’s opaque reasoning, and Mary’s outright lies, the chance to talk about his life with someone who would give him a straight answer was extremely appealing. “Yeah. I... I think I’m ready to do this.”
Jones and Fitzhugh did indeed suffer through their extra laps, and as if the gods wanted to weigh in as well, then went on to contract a debilitating bout of food poisoning just in time to miss the next match. John led the team to a solid win, even so. Marjorie attended every rugby match after that until John graduated.
Sherlock regarded him, eyes narrowed with incredulity. “What? Do I seem upset? Are you upset? Did I not do it right?” His words sped up as his thoughts began to run away with him.
“That’s just what Duck is on about; if you’re focused on exercising, your brain can get on with the sorting that much faster.”
John relaxed back onto his pillow and shut his eyes, too tired to do anything but take Sherlock at his word. After a few moments, he realized Sherlock had not let go of his hand, and that he was grateful for the gesture. He slipped into sleep with a faint smile on his face.
Understanding was not immediately followed by acceptance. Sherlock prided himself on his resistance to the weaknesses of sentiment. He had buried the feelings as deeply as he could and attempted to look at the situation logically. John had been in danger, that much was obvious. His wife would have become suspicious in time, if John made no move to at least contact her. There was the child to consider, as well. Sherlock spent the long, dreary hours of his convalescence turning the problem over in his mind. Sherlock rubbed the scar on his chest as the final deduction solidified. (Really, should it pain him that much now that it was mostly healed?) It was inevitable: for his own safety, John would have to return to Mary.
- and squeezed his eyes shut, not able to look at the innocent person he had almost deprived of a father not two days ago.
John considered what he wanted to say. “I was thinking about Sherlock,” he began, “and your question, whether he’d ever said anything when people assumed we were a couple. I can’t remember a single time that he has, to be honest, and it’s happened plenty of times over the years. Not to deny it to the person who made the accusation, and not to talk about it with me. Not ever.” Silence fell between them for a minute, the muffled chatter of birds audible through the huge windows at their side.
“John will be seeing his psychologist tomorrow morning, and they two will determine a plan from there. Thanks, you’re done.” Sherlock interrupted rudely. “We’ll take a walk in the garden in a little while.”
John panted raggedly, looking into Sherlock’s pale, blood-smeared face and wide eyes. “All right, then?” he asked, “you’re all right?”
He surveyed the room he’d called his for the time he was here, with its wide window and sterile surfaces. After a little while, Sherlock snapped out of his brown study and occupied himself with checking the drawers one last time to make sure nothing had been left behind. John would tell him he’d already done that - he’d carefully packed socks and slippers and the note that came with them, and considered leaving a certain embarrassing Tshirt behind, then crammed it into the holdall along with pajamas and exercise clothes and all the little items he’d had given to him - but he didn’t get the chance.
John scrubbed a hand through his hair to give himself a moment. “I guess, seeing him get taken down like that. I was thinking,” he looked at his foot as it scuffed a little mark into the horrible brown industrial carpet under his shoes, “how Hammers wasn’t expecting anything when he died. He was just having a nice little stroll in a downtown park, enjoying himself, looked like. Then he was dead. Just like that, yeah?” He peered up from under his brows, then back at the floor. “You - it can all be gone, just like that.” He trailed off and scuffed the floor again. Silence fell, palpable in the dim video booth.
Of course the lead sent them to the shadier side of town. Of course they snuck into a drug den with a serious reputation for brutal players. And of course, they got caught. John thanked his lucky stars that his gun was tucked in his waistband, but carefully kept an eye on Sherlock. The last time his friend had snatched the weapon from his pocket it had ended badly, and he didn’t entirely trust Sherlock not to act the arse again if John were less than vigilant.
John’s Aunt and Uncle sat in silence while John and Sherlock finished their breakfasts. John declined a second omelet this time around, but had a third cup of tea. Sherlock felt terribly full, but was content to sit at the table with John’s hand on his knee while they sipped. Tim and Brigid had lost the edge of haunted incomprehension that had marked them when he and John arrived. The coming months would not be easy for their family, but they would be alright in the end.
John didn’t want to hear it. Sherlock, being so very much himself, dispassionately deconstructing John’s feelings about the lowest point in his life. Getting it mostly right, but wrong enough that the familiar exasperation was frothing in John’s chest, ready to bloom into anger like it always did. Yet he lacked the energy to make the effort and merely lay there in his hospital bed, tears silently streaming down his cheeks. And so he heard, again, that undefinable tightness in Sherlock’s voice as he rattled on.
John looked over at Sherlock, still with that crooked grin, and held his gaze as he replied “Well, it’s a little new but, yeah, I think we have, actually.”
John reared back against the sofa cushions in shock at the forceful tirade. His heart was beating fast and his breathing shallow, and his fingers and toes tingled with an abrupt fight or flight response. “What the fuck?” he gritted out.
“I’m realizing the wisdom of your suggestion that we do this,” John said as he approached Duck on the little path. “I’d let myself go, rather more than I’d noticed.”
John scowled. While he was no psychiatrist, after seeing the loads of patients at the surgery who had an antidepressant in their daily medications list, he was of the private opinion they were massively over-prescribed. He was uncomfortable with the idea of trying to medicate his happiness, though he knew he was over-simplifying the concept.
When he first arrived, communications from England came frequently, even daily, but soon he answered not more than once a week. It took that long to come up with enough trivial details to fill a decent email. Harry’s emails trailed off to every month or so almost immediately; Clara keeping him abreast of what they were up to. Some trouble there, he sensed, but nothing was ever said. Aunt Brigid and Uncle Tim sent chatty missives every other week. Others emailed when they thought of it, or saw an article in the news that reminded them.
“So, I... yeah, that’s what I’m gonna have to be ready for, isn’t it? Ready to shovel as much shit as it takes to be able to stick with them from here on out.” John trailed off, breathing deeply to regain some composure. “Never thought I’d be upset that killing myself was
“Ha,” John said. “You just like it because it’s chemistry, but it’s my brain that will be messed with, Sherlock.”
“John,” he said, head lowering despite what he was about to say, “we can’t do this now.” His lips met John’s, latching briefly with the barest swipe of a tongue; he tasted the mint of their toothpaste.
“Good to hear it. It wrung my heart to see him so scared.” She sighed. “Well, good luck to you both, Doctor. Now, you said you had a question?”
“That’s all I needed, Sherlock. Budge up a bit, then.” John pushed his knee onto the bed between Sherlock’s legs, encouraging him to scooch up toward the headboard until John could crawl up the bed beside him. Something in his demeanor changed as he moved; the gentle humor receding behind an intensity of focus that thrilled Sherlock in ways he couldn’t fully define. His skin felt charged, as if with static electricity, so much that when John stroked a hand across his cheekbone, he twitched as if shocked.
John resolutely parked his hands beneath his pillow after he caught himself ghosting a hand over his crotch, barely stroking while his mind was full of Sherlock. It felt wrong, disrespectful in a way that his wank fantasies about his other crushes never had; he’d positively chapped himself more than once when he was focused on a woman in ‘that way,’ though those relationships had been nowhere near as deep or complicated as his one with Sherlock. This revelation was too huge, at this early stage, to sully it with mere physical release. Though his groin protested, vehemently, with an uncomfortable refusal to subside even when he got up to get a drink of water in hopes of shaking his preoccupation.
“I could show you...” Davies was crooning, then he sat up straight and his face closed down. “If I had any idea of what happened.”
“Yes!” Sherlock said, unexpectedly loud in the empty room. “A case! Here! On my phone.” He rummaged in a capacious pocket and pulled out his mobile again. “Look at this!” He strode across the room to hold the screen up to John’s face, much too close so that all he could see was a blur of brown and pink and red.
“It’s fine. Haven’t felt a twinge since yesterday, and Amina gave me some Arnica cream to put on the bruises.”
“So, what have you been up to lately, John?” Marjorie interrupted the moment, looking suspiciously from one to the other of them. “I haven’t had time to read the blog this week with the wedding and all.”
And it,” John hesitated, then blew out a whoosh of air trapped in his chest from his rapid words, “it surprised me. Frightened me, I think. I didn’t know what to do, what to think about it, so I thought maybe if I went for a run it would help.” He sighed mightily, trudging back to flop onto the sofa again.
John pushed his trainers off his feet, uncaring of flattening the heels or the tied laces. He scooted back up to the headboard and arranged the pillows behind him. His knee knocked against a hard object, and he fished his mobile out from under the folds of blanket where it had been hidden. His thumb brushed the screen, which lit up with increasingly urgent messages from Sherlock, and finished with one from Lestrade, asking him to have Sherlock check in if he got in touch with John. Seemed the consulting detective had just left the crime scene without a word to anyone. John’s guilt increased.
When they were out of sight, but not out of earshot, Amina persisted. “Well, then? How did you get a strangling, eh? Because I’ve seen enough marks like that when my students mess about in class to know what finger marks look like.”
“Come on, John. Sooner done, sooner down, yes?” Sherlock craned his head back over his shoulder to be sure John could see how he rolled his eyes with impatience.
After the ridiculous introductions of the entire wedding party, hyped mercilessly by the DJ in the corner and amplified over a martial piece of music full of brass that did not seem to fit a wedding atmosphere at all, (“Sherlock, it’s the Imperial March! From Star Wars? Darth Vader? Or did you delete that again?”) Aunt Brigid and Uncle Tim joined them, breathless and cheerful after the afternoon’s events. Marjorie frowned at them from the head table where she was sat between a bulimic twenty-something bridesmaid and the impassive usher who had escorted her in the wedding service. Neither of her dinner partners spoke to her.
John recovered himself in the face of her mirth. “Well, you can expect a nice bonus at Christmas, then,” he snarked. “Maybe a ham.” He well knew Amina was an ardent vegetarian, and she made to cuff his shoulder again - which John dodged, twisting and bumping Sherlock. “Hey now, keep that up and it’ll be a box of steaks.”
“I am enjoying it! I was just talking about the mushrooms a minute ago!” Stephen’s indignant retort cracked shrilly.
“Ah, no, two’s my limit, since we’re going to have lunch later. What do you want to do, then? Have you had tea yet? I could use a cup, and there’s a café off the breakfast hall.”
Sherlock paused the video when the woman was in pretty clear view, and waved a long-fingered hand at her.
Sherlock gasped in a startled breath through his nose and held utterly still, lips pressed to John’s, eyes widened in surprise. John could see them because his own were open too, shocked at his own action.
“Sherlock, it is too early for any of this, and you should not be doing so much talking with that throat. You’re getting more hoarse by the minute. Go out to the sitting room, and I’ll come sit with you to monitor your airway until Amina and Rosie get up, as soon as I’m dressed.”
Sherlock said nothing, but positioned John’s hands appropriately and guided him smoothly into the dancers with an easy waltz, since it was the only one John knew. He couldn’t look away from blue eyes as they stepped and turned, relaxing into this unusual way of moving together with only a few trodden toes on John’s part as he remembered how it went. This moment, here and now – this would be jewel of his mind palace, Sherlock determined. This was the pinnacle of sentiment for him, holding his dearest person in the world and dancing as if there was nothing else but they two.
Eventually, John wound it down and they moved to the edge of the room, shielded somewhat behind the fronds of a potted palm as tall as Sherlock. The detective blew out a sigh and leaned back against the wall, draining the dregs of his whiskey before setting the glass on a nearby table. John watched him closely. “How are you doing? I know this isn’t your kind of thing, but you were great with those wankers - barely insulted them at all.” He giggled a little as he grasped for Sherlock’s forearm, eyes somewhat bright; Sherlock tried to think if he had seen how many whiskeys John had had over the last two hours.
After another silent moment, Sherlock whirled around to pin John with an intense stare. “Why can you discuss whatever it is with Duck, but not with me?” he demanded, his voice tight and strained.
“Now, I don’t know about you,” Duck continued, “but I have to piss like a racehorse, and I suspect you’ve had enough excitement for one morning. Meet here tomorrow, same time, for a run and a talk?”
He breathed an even bigger one when Harry and Clara, obviously very merry themselves, came to his rescue a moment later; dragging him off to another table to pep-talk Stephen into asking a pretty girl to dance before the music ended. Charming the ladies was one thing John did well, at least the first time or two. Longer term, he’d yet to get the hang of. Just look at tonight, for chrissake! John vowed never to get that plastered while talking to a woman again. He couldn’t think straight.
Sherlock realized what John was getting at, finally. He was worried he had pressured Sherlock into doing something he would regret and it would damage their friendship. How little he knew that the regret would come when he had to stop! Sherlock huffed impatiently. “John, I’m a grown man, and I know that I don’t have to pretend to be your boyfriend so we can stay friends.” His face softened. “While I… appreciate your care for my sensibilities, I’ll be fine. And we’ll be fine, afterwards.”
After a few more minutes, Duck announced “I think we can be done with the performance portion of the morning. Come sit down.”
“John is awake, send one of those pastel-clad minions to get the doctor! And somebody show me how to dim the bloody lights!” Sherlock demanded loudly. His footsteps came rapidly back toward the bed, and John felt a cold hand wrap around his own, handling it as carefully as if it were a bird. “Someone will make it less bright in here in a moment, John. Just hang on.”
John put down his fork and regarded his relatives somberly, considering his words. “Tim, Aunt Brigid, it’s not for you to be sorry. Marjorie is… well, she’s ill; and she did some awful things because of it. She was very good at hiding it, but that’s not your fault. Sherlock and I, we come up against people who are greedy, or malicious or just plain bad all the time in our work, and she wasn’t that.” He cut a bite of omelet and chewed it philosophically while he ruminated. “We’ve had much worse in our time together, him and me,” he took Sherlock’s hand as Sherlock nodded.
His ears were not at all hidden, though – so he clearly heard John’s whispered, “Love you too, you madman. For the rest of my life.”
Duck nodded philosophically. “I’m sure it does. ‘Course, gay’s not the only option, you know. Sexuality is fluid, and can change over time. From what you’ve told me, Sherlock holds a very special place in your life, and maybe people are picking up on that. How does he feel about people making that assumption?”
“Yeah,” Duck agreed. “I convinced them to put in this ring path for my runs - it’s something I do with many of the people I work with. But the grounds were already well established before I ever got here.”
John huffed a laugh. “I’m surprised your Mum looked up from the bum buffet,” he quipped, trying to make light of his unease. Clara swatted his shoulder. “Marjorie confessed she had a crush on me the last time I saw her," he sighed. "And I get the feeling it hasn’t gone away in the years since. I’ll talk to her and hopefully that will be the end of it. I ship out next month, anyway, so there’s not much more to be said, right?”
“Well done, your Mum, then,” Sherlock smiled again, the one that made deep crows’ feet crinkle up by his eyes. John felt heat creep abruptly up the back of his neck and across his cheeks. He stared down at his feet to hide it. Bloody hell, he hadn’t blushed since his teens, as best he could remember. Why now?
“Do you want to explore these feelings more completely? Do you want to pursue something with this man?”
“John, stop it! He’s done!” Sherlock spun him until he was facing away from the person he had pummeled. Possibly a murderer, and definitely a criminal. The bloke had taken off running as soon as he had spotted them while ducking out the back of the seedy pub they had staked out in hopes of following him. John and Sherlock were after him in an instant, but their quarry was cagey; he had waited for them behind a skip and sucker-punched Sherlock in the stomach as he flashed around the corner in pursuit, knocking the breath out of him. The fugitive was about to put a boot in when he heard John barreling toward them, so he scarpered while his pursuers were delayed.
“I shot you, Sherlock. No one else had a gun here, only me. I was about to take him down with a shot to the leg, and you slammed into me, and I shot you instead!” John was trembling with shock and a swiftly building anger. “Why the HELL did you knock me down in the first place!”
They each looked aside and sat in silence a moment, Sherlock’s large hand occasionally squeezing John’s smaller one where it rested on his forearm. Around them the others were finishing their dinners, chatting or staring at their plates. It seemed to John that he and Sherlock were in a bubble of their own, separate from the hubbub, just the two of them.
“John, what on earth are you talking about?” Sherlock’s voice snapped him out of his head and back into the conversation, where his friend eyed him incredulously. “You didn’t, and you won’t, and it’s ridiculous to imagine something that will never happen.”
“Yes. A case! Lestrade wants me to come look at a murder scene. They think they have the killer in hand, but something about it is not sitting well with our friend the DI, so he wants me to look it over before the forensics people stomp all over everything.” His grin was wide and lively, and his eyes sparkled with anticipation.
John was chuckling ruefully at this display of temper. “Clearly they need expert help. Are you going to go over there?”
Some days he talked as he ran, some days not, waiting until they were settled in the office to have a discussion. Duck didn’t push for confidences or emotional revelations, letting John lead the conversation where it needed to go and encouraging him if he stalled. The talking was hard work for John regardless. He found himself filling Duck in about the past few years in bits and snatches - Sherlock’s return from the dead, Mary’s impact on his life and her unexpected death, casework with Sherlock, life before Sherlock fell from the roof of Bart’s. He stuck to the facts, mostly, not wanting to dig too deeply into those wounds so thinly scabbed over, that had been fuel for the desperate act that ended with him in Duck’s care. Duck accepted his skittering around the edges of the real issues, asking an insightful question from time to time that had John thinking hard for the rest of the day.
“No, you git - when I was twenty-three and right pissed, alright? Besides, I never meant it, she was crying at the time!” John swung round to face him, fists clenched. Anger streaked his features, and something else Sherlock had rarely seen on John, and so it took him a moment to recognize it. Embarrassment. John was mortified by whatever situation he found himself in, and thought Sherlock would scorn him for it.
“That’s certainly true,” Sherlock agreed. “And on a personal note, John and I would possibly never have made the change in our relationship that we have done, without her. So, there’s a silver lining, if you want one.” John squeezed his hand.
Rosie turned at the sound of his voice and her face lit up excitedly. “Da!” she crowed, “Da! Da! Da-da-dada!” Each syllable was punctuated with a whack of the spoon. John stood, slack-jawed and frozen, staring at this force of nature who, it seemed, had just called him Dada for the first time.
“No. This facility lacks decent lab space, and I was rather busy with the police, after all. They’ll send a report once they’ve determined what was in it. Some narcotic, was the best the paramedics could say. Do you remember much from last evening?” Sherlock propped his head up with a hand as John sat up in bed and reached for the water bottle on the bedside table.
A chuff of breath accompanied John’s smile and nod. “It’s still brilliant how you do that, even after all this time.”
But he, himself? That James might have loved him only made him feel a sort of wistful regret for the pain he must have caused his friend. He compared his feelings for James with those for women he’d fancied, to how he’d felt about Mary at the beginning, even. Something missing there, with James. Yes, he cared strongly about the man, felt grateful to him for his care, honored his sacrifices and appreciated his wisdom. But his feelings lacked the element of desire, the urge to claim and possess, that his love affairs had been flavored with. While he did his best not to be a dick about it, he was somewhat possessive of his lovers; and those crushes he’d had that hadn’t come to anything still were colored through that lens of
The very minor mystery of John’s sort-of, not-really relatives was set aside for the much more interesting case of who would try to dispose of a body by attempting to vacuum-seal it.
John groaned loudly. “Fuck. Yeah, alright, no rest for the bloody weary, fine.” He pinned Duck with a grouchy stare. “Can I at least have a doctor’s note requiring afternoon naps? I think I could use a few of those.”
John’s hands flew to his chest in a futile attempt to cover the motto, his face flaming with mortified heat. “Oh my god, this fucking shirt!” he stuttered. “It - well, it was a joke. Mary got it for me. Erm, after I shaved off that moustache. She said I had done it for you, and I snapped that at her, so she had the shirt made and I never wore it. Until you brought it out of my drawer and I thought I might not have that many shirts... and so I put it... on.”
"I'm not going to be able to occupy my mind with exercise," Sherlock said acidly, "the brain's what counts, the rest is just transport." His feet continued to tap a complex beat.
“Guess dis makes me a killer, huh, Mister D? Killed Amanda, killed you. Few more won’t hurt, den, I guess.” Spike took a shambling step toward John, the knife in his hand coming up to a fighting position.
- And enough to wake him up. His shoulder screamed at him, cramped and throbbing, and he stifled a shout by clenching his jaw until his teeth creaked. Then be began the ritual breathing of deep inhales through his nose, followed by long, steady exhales through his mouth, trying to blow out the leaden terror in his belly.
"You stopped. Why did you stop? Are we done? Did it work?" John blinked and shook his head, breathing raggedly. He met Sherlock's piercing gaze briefly, looked away.
“Bloody hell, Sherlock - you’re letting all the heat out!” John’s skin was pebbled with goosebumps and he mourned the loss of his tranquil relaxation.
John found himself wrapped again in a firm hug, which he bemusedly returned for a moment. When the door opened with a rattling of the knob, he and Greg sprang apart like naughty teens and turned identical embarrassed looks to Sherlock framed in the doorway. Silver-blue eyes inspected them closely, narrowed with irritation.
He jabbed the button, and his phone went dark with a muted click. A glance at the clock on the wall told him it was late, so he plugged the device in to charge, and went though his nightly routine to try and calm his racing mind enough to get to sleep. Teeth flossed, face washed, pajamas on, John settled into bed and pulled the covers up to his chin against the slightly too-cold room.
They made dinner together as they often had; John doing the cooking parts and Amina the chopping. “I cook jes’ fine,” she had said about a week after she’d moved in, “but I’d much rather leave it to those who enjoy it when I can. I make up for it by being a bloody smashing prep cook and dishwasher, mind you, so no worries I won’t pull my weight!”
Lady Grey mouthed, addressing the audience as though telling them a naughty secret, while she was escorted to center stage.
“Your Aunt, John. I promised we would meet her for brunch at ten-thirty and it’s past ten already. Your Uncle Tim was informed of Marjorie’s arrest, of course, so I don’t know if he’ll be joining us. But she wanted to be sure you were all right.” Sherlock furrowed his brow. “She is surprisingly persuasive when she puts her mind to it.”
Point against? John Watson. He stood next to Sherlock in the incredibly flattering merlot jumper and tailored slacks they had bought last week, making light conversation with the third set of married city professionals of the night; at least these ones had read his blog. Sherlock was having trouble keeping his hands from stroking the soft cashmere from neckline to hem as it was; more alcohol would exacerbate the problem. His hand not occupied with his tumbler resided persistently on John’s hip, petting little circles with his fingers. John didn’t seem to mind, sending him coy glances every so often as his conversation ebbed and flowed. Sherlock chimed in rarely, and hardly politely, but the professionals remained interested in them.
John returned the swat smugly. For once, Duck looked like he had exercised - his hair stuck up in damp, wavy fuzz where his fingers had combed it up, and a healthy color adorned his cheeks. John knew he himself looked pretty bedraggled in comparison, but he still felt a glow of accomplishment as they entered Duck’s office and pulled their now-habitual big glasses of water.
“Together?” John said, lying down next to Sherlock, pressed against his side and lightly touching the smooth pale skin over the flat abdomen. Again, Sherlock nodded, and mimicked the action. John’s hand slid downward, fingers slipping into dark hair at the base of Sherlock’s long, slender cock, brushing the tip with the back of his hand and picking up the bead of moisture that clung there. Sherlock’s much larger hand moved to the base of John’s penis tentatively; his cock was thick, and longer than the statistical average for a man of his stature; it suited John, Sherlock decided. The foreskin had mostly retracted, exposing a shiny dark red head, and Sherlock ghosted his palm across the tip, feeling the velvety smoothness there. John bucked forward into his hand, catching his bottom lip between his teeth.
“Sherlock,” John interrupted, “hang on there. I’m not upset, so don’t get all in a bunch here. We just… we hadn’t exactly discussed anything like this.”
His body was singing, thrumming like a high, held note on his violin. He was making sounds - gasping, breathy moans; deep rumbling purrs – with no thought to meaning or language. His hips thrust helplessly, instinctively, frotting against John’s body, forehead pressed to the pillow and arms cinched around John’s shoulders. All his awareness was sinking down, following his spine to its base, coming forward into his bollocks where they were pulled up tightly against his body. His hips thrust, then stiffened fingers were brushing his anus, pushing up solidly under his scrotum on his perineum, and all his coiled energy burst out of him: muscles shuddering with the force of his release, mind whiting out entirely, some sort of unidentifiable sound coming from his mouth, stripes of milky ejaculate spurting onto John’s smooth skin. A second pulse, a third, a faint fourth; and his body slumped, ragged and limp, down onto his lover and the pillows.
Sherlock returned his grin and jumped back to his feet. “And that’s what we do best, don’t we?” and he leaned down in his exuberance and kissed John soundly on the lips.
Light flashed on round lenses as the man at the desk stopped counting and looked Sherlock and John over, then resumed his task. “They don’t have an appointment,” he said in a light tenor utterly devoid of emotion. “They can go.” Spike shifted his weight and wiggled his fingers, limbering them up. John braced himself to have to fight their way out.
When John finished, he turned and stood, facing Sherlock with flat feet and fresh skin, still in his glamorous sparkling gown. He tilted his head inquiringly as Sherlock stared silently at him. “What?” he asked.
Sherlock’s face fell, and he deflated with a sigh. “Well, then.” He turned to look at the window again. “Are you… alright? Should I be concerned?” His deep baritone voice emerged unexpectedly small and tentative.
John spluttered and gaped at the man. “What? No! God, No! It was a picture of…” he could feel his cheeks heating and shut his eyes in chagrin, “of just, er, a man. Nothing indecent, or even really provocative, but it -” he bounced back up to resume his pacing. “It… got me… things… er, interested, you know.” He flailed his arms erratically, possibly indicating his groin just by accident, and widened his eyes. “And that was a pretty big thing, yeah? I mean, I’ve never, not once, thought about a man like that, and…”
Neither of them had tried for a kiss, despite stating they each were willing that first day. Sherlock hadn’t because his obvious lack of skill would result in an embarrassing failed attempt, possibly with John coming to his senses and backing out of the arrangement. He could not allow that, now that he had begun down this path; Sherlock needed to wring all the experience he could out of their ruse to sustain him after, when John wasn’t his anymore.
His bedroom was warm and dim, deep shadows contrasted by the golden glow of the bedside lamp as he toed his shoes off in the closet and slipped out of his jacket. Funny, he’d been so out of it he hadn’t taken it off in the hallway as usual. “Hmm, lucky thing,” he murmured when the garment clunked against the door as he hung it up. He had forgotten his gun in the jacket pocket.
Amina excused herself to do some studying in her own room rather than watch telly that night after the baby was asleep, and John sat silently on the sofa for a short while before taking himself off to bed. He longed for the oblivion of sleep, but dreaded what he might find there. In the end it claimed him - filled with gunfire and screaming and a young woman he knew was his daughter all grown up, making excuses.
“Yes, yes,” Sherlock snapped loudly, flailing his hands about and beginning to pace. “We knew all this walking in! Now, if you want to get back to trying to impress your ex-boyfriend on the groundskeeping staff with your ‘improved, younger look’” his air quotes were delivered with savage sarcasm, “so that he’ll reconsider throwing you over for the twenty-something in catering, we will get on with the business of resting without your moronic presence raising our blood pressure. THANK YOU!”
Duck nodded his acknowledgement, then snorted. “Well, you’ve hardly met me, so why should you trust me yet? If you want to look at your file, I’m fine with that. I won’t be putting anything in there that I’m not already saying to your face - that’s not how I work.” They had arrived at the door of his office. He pulled a key on a lanyard from under his shirt to unlock it and they went in. Duck headed to the water cooler in the corner, drawing them each a tall glass. “Drink up my lad, it’ll do you good. And you can beg off for a piss if our chat goes too long.”
Duck regarded him for a moment, hearing the worry lurking behind the stony expression, then smiled serenely. “Yes. He’s going to be right as rain, just needs some time, and all the care he can get.”
John stood motionless for a moment, and then bemusedly went to dig his phone out of the drawer where he’d stashed it that morning. If Sherlock was going to text, he wanted to be prepared.
Sherlock unexpectedly grasped John’s outstretched hand, lacing their fingers together. John instinctively tensed and looked away, body stiff and mind apprehensively struggling to come up with a reason to withdraw that wasn’t the
Sherlock Holmes was counting his blessings. He lay on the sofa in his warm, comfortable flat on Baker Street, Mrs. Hudson had finally chattered her way back downstairs after dropping off his midmorning tea, and despite not finding a single case worth his time this entire week, Sherlock was not yet bored today. With a small half smile, he acknowledged how entirely unlike him that was.
Instead, he could only look at Grey, searching for those little glimmers of the man beneath that so fascinated him. The Lady had done her job driving him mad with lust; now he needed to see his love. He wanted to see
“We’ve got some time to kill,” John went on, oblivious to his friend’s preoccupation. “What do you want to do?”
“So you jumped in front of my gun! That’s really smart, that is!” John railed at Sherlock, his fury boiling in his gut, mixing with the terrifying knowledge of how close he had come to putting a bullet through his best friend. HAD put a bullet through him, as a matter of fact.
Sherlock detoured to the kitchen to collect the second cup of tea considerately left there for him, and settled in his own chair. When John glanced up, he nodded in thanks, indicating the drink. John smiled and went back to his hammering. Sherlock sipped delicately. Perfect.
Somehow the words allowed John to gain a little distance from the immediacy of what he had tried to do, and what he had failed to do, and that this man had literally saved his life. Though he was mortified, and not at all convinced he should have been saved, he found himself grateful for this moment. “Thanks,” he slurred as he drifted off.
John nodded. “Yeah, alright, that’d be great,” he said, leaning in to plant a kiss on Rosie’s pink cheek where she drowsed on Sherlock’s shoulder. “Thank you.”
. Not… together-together, just being in the same place. Like flatmates who are friends. Sherlock rolled his mental eyes at himself. Truly, this sentiment business was worse for brain work than the smoking bans. Did he have any patches around?
John leaned away from her intensity, disconcerted by her sudden question. “Er,” he said, stalling for time. “I can’t say I have, Marjorie. I mean, your Dad, my Aunt, they’re together. I always thought of you sort of like my sister. Not like in the way that Harry is, I mean! Though of course it’s all fine if you were, er, that way.” He took a breath. “But anyway, more like that you were my sister. So, no, I never thought about it.” He shook his suddenly woozy head and frowned. “I don’t think that came out right.”
John blinked, and his fists relaxed. His lips twitched in a brief smile. “Yeah… yeah. Okay.” He went to fill the kettle. Sherlock jumped to his feet and did a few laps of the room himself while the tea steeped, to settle the frantic thoughts bouncing though his mind. He heard John taking deep, steady breaths in the kitchen, his calming routine the only useful thing that therapist had ever taught him.
The eyes swept him, noting details, intent on his face. After a moment, Sherlock resettled in his chair and offered his hand. Again they sat, the silence descended. Golden afternoon light suffused the room as the sun sank to dusk. John cradled Sherlock's hand in his own; concentrating on stroking the fingers, stretching the thumb, scoring the palm lightly with his nails. Providing changeable physical sensation for a restless mind to focus on. The feet had stopped tapping, John realized; he wasn't sure when. Had he really been at this for most of an hour? He sat back, feeling light and content. Holding his friend's lean hand loosely in his own, he observed. Breathing regular but shallow, brow smooth, pulse at the throat slow, steady. Asleep? Yes. Amazing.
The next morning, Sherlock was there with Rosie in his arms, when John was released. They hadn’t discussed where John was going any further, rather they just both assumed he would be going there and proceeded with it as a given. Dr Harrington had come by very early, and was visibly pleased to hear that John had come around on the matter of continued inpatient treatment. She also was happy to meet Rosie, who eyed her round belly with amazement.
the table, but look at me.” He cuffed his eyes again and snagged a tissue to give a good blow. “Fucking crying more in the last three days than in the last three decades, and that includes being shot.” He blew his nose again, and pulled a fresh tissue to dab at his eyes.
A group of dancers were tangoing to the music, synchronized and seductive in couples tightly pressed together, again wearing more overt bondage gear and linked by cording, chains or cuffs. Sherlock distracted himself for almost fifteen seconds noticing that some of the couples were same-sex; he had to give Irene credit for bucking the heteronormative assumption of man-woman (or man-woman-looking) dance partners. He nibbled at a knuckle and waited for whatever was coming next.
But, I think now, if I had done it... you know... actually died? I think that would have been the worst thing I could possibly have done to him. I’d have taken away the one person he’s been able to find that kind of connection with in the whole world. I’d have robbed him of the one chance he’s ever found of understanding what it’s like to care for someone, and have them care for you.”
“Aren’t you going to offer to help?” a deep voice said at his side. He turned his head to see Sherlock observing him quizzically. “You usually do.”
“Er, I wasn’t expecting him. He was working a case, and was bouncing ideas off me with texts. I had been going back and forth with him pretty steadily, but then there was a lull while he did something or other, and during the lull, I-” John paused as he tried to come up with a different phrase than
Sherlock strode from the bathroom into the sitting room, which was unexpectedly empty. He looked in the kitchen; also empty. Where was John? He should have been waiting, putting down his tea to jump up and follow Sherlock promptly back to his bedroom. Sherlock stood there, unaccountably disappointed and more than a little disgruntled, until the chill in the air reminded him he was entirely starkers. With a huff, he stalked back to the bedroom to dress.
“Right, then.” Sherlock got out of his chair and went to collect his coat, when John cleared his throat.
And then he lost Mary - for all her faults, she had been a confident mother; but it meant the responsibility for Rosie’s future weighed heavily on him. Just John Watson. What did he know about parenting, with his family life growing up? How to duck a swing, hide a bruise, act like everything was peachy. How to hate his old man, that fucking bastard. What could he teach Rosie of that?
Sherlock made a disgruntled sound. "I did what you asked, but after a minute it was just the same thing repeating itself. If it doesn't change, why should I bother paying attention?"
was unspoken, but clear on his face. John wanted this Marjorie to stop pestering him enough to move well outside any previous areas of comfortable behavior. He really was disturbed by her attention.
“Oh, now, what could that be?” Aunt Brigid asked archly, but with obvious pleasure. “You’ve finally come to your senses, have you?” She shot a look at Uncle Tim that clearly said ‘I told you so!’ which that fine gentleman acknowledged with an incline of his head. He did not look uncomfortable to see that his step-nephew, who until now had been exclusively heterosexual, had just kissed another man at the lunch table. Sherlock found himself feeling relieved; he wouldn't want their ruse to make trouble for John with the few relatives he had left who were close.
A moment passed while Sherlock collected himself and calmed his racing pulse. “Come to the mirrors and see,” he said, smiling somewhat manically and pulling John over to the corner. They both looked into the glass.
When he went back to his room, no one was there. He tried not to feel disappointed, but had hoped that he might come across another heartwarming scene like yesterday’s. Seeing reserved, impassive Sherlock so engaged with Rosie was surprisingly satisfying, and he cherished those moments.
He breathed deeply, inhaling the aroma of sweat, semen and John that surrounded them, then raised his head to look at his lover (
They lingered over coffee and dessert. John flirtatiously demanded that Sherlock try a bite of the rich crème brûlée, right from his spoon. He closed his eyes as it melted on his tongue to the sound of John’s giggle, and Sherlock took time to fix this moment in his mind palace. He felt… happy. He slipped his hand onto John’s knee, and added the gasp of indrawn breath to the moment he was recording.
“Your suit is rather worse for wear, I’m afraid. You fell down on the pavement and rolled around a bit at one point, and it scuffed the fabric rather badly and tore one of the knees. I’m not positive it can be mended.” Sherlock contemplated the loss of the suit morosely as he swapped places with John, using the loo himself and brushing his teeth perfunctorily. Perhaps John would go shopping for a new one with him? The tie could be cleaned, after all, and John had looked so... The wardrobe in his mind swung open and showed him John in his finery, hand held out, asking Sherlock to dance. Yes, he would insist John get another.
The body he was plastered against shivered, vibrating from head to toe. John hurriedly stepped back a pace, relieved when he didn’t put his foot off the edge. “Yeah, um, the shot is dead clean from here,” he said. “It lines right up, and wouldn’t have been too far for the kind of high-tech slingshot we’re thinking about. ‘Specially if it wasn’t very windy last night?”
That was not hard to answer - when Sherlock had died and left John alone in a world gone dull and grey. And then, just when he’d found a modicum of peace with Mary, had started on a new path to try and move on, back his friend came: throwing a very large rock in a pond only barely calmed. John had been furious and had lashed out at Sherlock - choking him and eventually nutting him in the nose.
His bed felt lovely; soft but firm and supportive. Mary had picked them a great mattress, and he wiggled into the center of it, encroaching on what was often still ‘her’ side.
“Alright, I guess. Though I’ve got a terrible taste in my mouth,” John said, smacking his lips again, then turning into Sherlock’s touch, enjoying it. “Did you find out what was in that spray Marjorie had?”
Sighing philosophically, he dug into the drawer where he kept his mobile, wondering if Sherlock had a case today. Indeed, there was a text, but not a case.
Thank you all for your kind support and enthusiasm for my efforts here. I've never written anything like this until now; it's been a trip of the best kind. I hope the Muse bites soon so we can do it again! :)
Only then did his friend respond, his voice pleading and tired. “John, there are people who love you, who need you. Is it so surprising that I - that we would want to take care of you until you are better? Not thirty-six hours ago, you tried to end your life, and it’s only that you made a mistake delaying your email that allowed me to get to you in time.”
Sherlock assumed his most dispassionate mien as Duck pumped the hand he had instinctively held out in return. Duck used both hands, his earnestness radiating from every pore. “John’s an exceptional person, and I’m glad to have gotten the chance to know him, despite the circumstances. He speaks highly of you, too. I hope we get a chance to talk sometime.”
In the pastel softness of Rosie’s room he paused, standing next to her cot and listening to her tiny puffing breaths. He hesitantly stretched out a hand to stroke her fine blond hair, just beginning to be long enough to curl. Her skin was warm and soft, her body boneless in slumber. The moment stretched, the cacophony behind his eyes slowing to an awareness of this tiny being, his child, asleep under his hand. He almost... almost settled back into himself, his chest clenching with a melancholy ache as he laid his hand on her back and felt the beat of her heart.
John snickered at Sherlock’s antics, feeling the tension bleeding away. Not gone, but better. He smiled with wry self-deprecation. “And have you been tetchy?” he asked archly.
John blew out a sigh, and passed the spoon over to a freshly showered and dressed Amina as she entered the kitchen. Then he dragged himself to his own room to get ready for his shift at the surgery.
Sherlock had observed all this covertly, watching John over the top of his own laptop screen. What was so frustrating? He took his chance to lean over and look at John’s laptop. His email was open, so Sherlock clicked on the last sent email. That Marjorie-step-woman-relative was the recipient.
John tried to cover his disappointment with cheer. “Hey, that’s great! Well, you’d best get going, then. I’ll see you tomorrow, yeah?” He clapped his friend on the shoulder and tried to smile convincingly.
Lady Grey was incomparable, as ever. She looked out into the crowd with a sure confidence then pursed lips painted full (ah, the maroon lipstick!) as she eyed the male dancer approaching her wearing a lovely blue suit. Westwood, maybe? Sherlock couldn’t be sure. He had dark hair and pale skin, and Sherlock was surprised to see he was the same height, or possibly even shorter than John. Sherlock realized this must be deliberate; in her platform heels, Lady Grey would stand a good five inches taller than the fellow. The dancer arrived at the table and grabbed a tumbler from it, pretending to throw back a drink in one go; then he strode forward and took Lady Grey’s hand to raise her from her seat as she began her performance.
“Mmm… yes,” John said absently, leaning over the folder and becoming immediately absorbed in reading the forms. He felt around on the table for a pen, never raising his eyes from the page.
Even more unexpectedly, Sherlock would let him have the last word once in awhile, usually in conversations about Rosie. The more time Sherlock spent with the girl, the more she seemed to charm him. When she did something especially to his liking, such as making a random sound that included most of the consonants of his name, or enthusiastically eating the special blend of fruits, oils and cereals he had concocted for her “to provide optimal nutrition for her developing neural pathways, John, this is a critical time for her intellectual development,” he would grin broadly and shoot John a look that said ‘see? She likes me!’ as though it was the last thing he would ever have expected.
John shook his head as sweat started to trickle down his forehead, realizing he was starting to feel fatigue in his legs and the beginnings of burning in his lungs. How many loops had they done? He looked over at Duck, who strode beside him breathing deeply and calmly, color ruddy on his cheeks but still looking remarkably fresh.
On this day, about a week after he’d arrived, he was talking about the time he’d patched up an insurgent who he’d just shot in the thigh when the masked figure had threatened his unit with a kalashnikov knock-off. How he had frozen with shock for a moment upon discovering a youth of not more than 16 under the draped clothing. And he spoke of the shaking, hyperventilating reaction he’d had when he returned to base, crouched alone on the floor of the room he shared with another Captain who was out on patrol for a few days.
The room fell silent. Duck relaxed serenely in his chair while John hunched over, willing himself not to start blubbering or giggling like a silly twat. Eventually the urge passed, and he leaned back against the cushions once more, heaving out a lengthy sigh.
Sherlock cleared his throat and headed back to his pacing path at the end of the room. He launched into his description without meeting John’s eyes. “Victim with blunt trauma to the front of the head, died without regaining consciousness,” he recited. “Wound looks like the rounded end of a ball-peen hammer, but no weapon found nearby, and CCTV footage from multiple cameras on the scene show the victim merely pitching backward onto the ground and no one coming near until the body was discovered.”
John dropped his chin to look at the phrase on his chest, abashed at his unexpected accusation of this person who had been nothing but frank with him in their dealings so far. “Huh. I’d forgotten about that.” He looked up from under his brows and resumed walking, stepping up to Duck’s side on the path. “Somewhere in that file it probably says I have problems with trusting people. Recent events haven’t encouraged that tendency to change.” He mopped his brow with his sleeve and then opened the door and held it for the other to pass through in silent apology.
“Just a graze,” Sherlock said. “Barely clipped me.” His voice was tight with pain and something more, something in his eyes pleading with John to let it go.
Sherlock finished his own dressing: smoothing his product-tamed curls behind his ears one more time, straightening the collar of his aubergine dress shirt, settling his suit jacket and doing up the one button. Ties were for tuxedoes or other people; he wouldn’t be wearing one that day. He glanced at John in the mirror again, and saw him gazing into space while he fiddled with the lovely sapphire tie that so enhanced his eyes.
Just the thought had his insides squirming; the voice of his British male upbringing was spluttering and demanding that he stop this unmanly, demonstrative aberration and resume his stiff-upper-lip, all-blokes-together isolation immediately. He didn’t want to. He wanted to cling to his friend and the shelter of this moment for as long as he could. He shut his eyes and told that little voice to fuck right off, thank you very much.
“Well, that went very well, I’d say,” John remarked as they left the dining room after making their farewells.
So pursue it he did. Not with any real finesse, he had to admit; his mind was still reeling with the fact this was Sherlock, his best friend, his
When that was done, he offered his hand to John to raise him from the sofa and lead him to the vanity. “The wig first, I presume?”
“Yeah, that would be great, I think,” John replied, dropping his eyes to his lap. “If it’s not okay, I’ll call you.” John fiddled with the tie of his dressing gown, abashed at his weakness.
“Course I did,” John said emphatically. “I don’t like it when people take advantage because they think they’re entitled. I mean, you’re a nice girl, and you work hard to get good grades, and those knobs just want to play rugby and goof off in class. They shouldn’t get to be dicks to you and take your notes just because they play a sport.”
Sherlock’s arms had come up around him while he labored through his statement, and now they firmed and splayed across his back. “John, it’s alright,” he said, voice hushed. “It’s alright. I’m sorry too. I should have understood sooner, maybe I could have helped.”
When he arrived at his doorway, he heard Rosie crowing and babbling from inside, interspersed with baritone comments. He grinned widely, and stepped in to see Sherlock and Rosie arranged on the floor with a post on a rocking stand, stacked with graduated, brightly colored rings. Rosie had managed to put two rings on the post, and judging by the bottom lip clutched between white teeth, Sherlock was emphatically restraining his instinct to organize the rings by color or size or some other criteria known only to him.
John was surprisingly good at keeping his laptop out of reach, Sherlock decided after two more weeks of watching John have an increasingly love-hate relationship with the object. Surely he should have been able to get a half hour alone with it by now? John was being positively devious about limiting Sherlock’s access to the bloody thing. He took it up to his room every night and to work every day he spent at the surgery. He didn’t leave it unattended when he went to take a shower; instead it was left on the toilet cistern, covered with a flannel to keep it from being splashed. He left it down with Mrs. Hudson more than once, even! And when Sherlock, finally driven to try to sneak a look while John was sleeping, slipped cat-footed into his friend’s room to swipe the infuriating machine, he saw the corner poking out from under John’s pillow. Ridiculous! What could be happening on there that John was so keen to keep from him?
“I’ve found that exercising with the people I counsel has multiple benefits - you can bond over a bastard of a hill or that last set of bicep curls, to start. And in my opinion, people think differently when they exercise, their brains operate differently. I can’t tell you the number of my clients who have had some kind of revelation or ah-ha moment during a run or a swim or a long ride on their bicycle. You’re moving a bloody ton of oxygen around your body, focusing your mind on moving yourself, so you don’t scrutinize and censor your higher thoughts in the same way you would if you were just hanging about and thinking hard.”
“Look at the ID, Sherlock,” Lestrade replied, then continued, “And yeah, we think it’s the hammer. There was blood on it, but no fingerprints -”
“You will shut up right now, Stephen Penton, or you will not like what I will do to you,” Marjorie hissed furiously, just as her father and Aunt Brigid came into view and Stephen’s expression went from angry to uncertain.
Sherlock’s reflection was blinking rapidly, turned a bit away from John. Long fingers bumped his, searching, then tangled tightly. “Thank you,” he said, so quietly as to be barely audible.
As a man who prided himself on his control of his transport, Sherlock was annoyed by all the erections the practice period engendered. Either he was half aroused from anticipating the next time he or John would initiate contact, or he was remembering a previous instance as it came to attention (so to speak), or John was absentmindedly caressing his thigh and he was carefully loosening his coat to hide the resultant tenting. For God’s sake! He hadn’t sprung this many stiffys even when he was a teenager; surely John would notice? That would certainly give the game away. He would have to look for some techniques to discourage the physical response; he would not give up the cab-leg moments for as long as he could have them.
Sherlock nodded, pushing back from the girder a bit and dusting himself down the front. His cheeks were again pinkened, and so were his ears and nose. He crossed his arms over his chest, tucking long fingers into his armpits. “We’ll check that.”
John snorted. “So, what, this is another mob killing? I thought you reckoned Bag of Hammers’ killer had left the country by now.”
Sherlock seemed to understand that John was not himself; he stayed surprisingly silent about it, though. He helped John off with his coat, then led the way into John’s bedroom to help him change for bed. John followed like a child, docile and silent, letting his friend get him out of his bloodied shirt and torn trousers, and helping him into pajama bottoms and an old T-shirt. Sherlock nudged him toward the bed.
“Right,” he said, his voice sounding somewhat strangled. He coughed and tried again. “Right, Rosie. She must be done with lunch by now.”
“Pleased to meet you,” she said, clearly not at all pleased. “You’re John’s flatmate, the detective, right? The one who was accused of all those crimes a while back and then was dead?”
He comforted himself with how well he was maintaining, putting up a facade for his family and friends - though he knew he couldn’t possibly be fooling Sherlock. More than once he saw the detective give him the once-over, catching the tells of insomnia and exhaustion, and each time his friend clamped down on the comments John knew should be coming his way. It made him unreasonably angry at times - how dare Sherlock coddle him? Other times it merely confirmed the thoughts that seemed to be on droning, dull repeat in the back of his head:
“Fine,” John said, then realized his hands hurt like hell. When he looked at them, the knuckles were split and bloody, already swelling across the top. “Huh,” he mused, looking them over, then turned to look at the snivelling figure on the ground. Sherlock put a cautionary hand on his arm, just as Lestrade and several police officers arrived on the scene.
“You’d think, for a third wedding, there wouldn’t need to be so many, but it’s her first, so…” Aunt Brigit shrugged.
Sherlock glazed over a bit at that; while perhaps not up to the cabaret’s standards, he himself loved to dance and was no slouch on the floor. He and John had danced together at cabaret parties and even gone out dancing a time or two. Could he convince John to dance this routine with him sometime? He knew his lover was strong enough to dip him with ease, and was used to working with a taller partner. Yes - it would be glorious, and John would not have to be a gentleman with
Aunt Brigid was no fool. She adroitly changed the subject to their cases: “did you really catch a killer who tried to shrink wrap the body parts in plastic, like steaks?” Uncle Tim’s eyes opened wide; he apparently hadn’t read the ‘Vacuum-packed Adventure’ on John’s blog yet.
,” she said, still not addressing or even looking at Sherlock. She said ‘gay’ like it was a synonym for ‘unclean.’ Sherlock suddenly felt offended on John’s behalf – and his own, for that matter. He drew breath to respond scathingly, but John beat him to it.
“The Naloxone you were given lists crying as a side effect. Of course, given the email you sent, you may be upset to still be alive. It’s understandable. You have your pride; when you decide to do a thing you must do it well or not at all. And yet here you are, and while I can understand it, I cannot sympathize, John. In this instance, I am glad you cocked it up. I could wish you hadn’t decided to do it at all, but I won’t presume to tell you what to think. I’m just thankful I got to you in time.”
“What’s this, then?” he asked, starting to unwrap it, and gasping when he saw what he held. “Sherlock, this is my phone! I’m not supposed to have it here!” He had started to raise his voice, then abruptly dropped it to a whisper, as though pastel-clad nurses would storm the room if they overheard him.
The walk had turned out to be very enjoyable indeed; the grounds were large and well-kept, with many flowerbeds and trees in glorious late-spring bloom. John and Sherlock ambled aimlessly until they spotted several beehives at the back of the gardens, and a plump lady beekeeper tending to them. Sherlock spent a pleasant hour talking apiary management and the habits of English honeybees with her, and she gave him some avenues to explore for the professor’s red-honey problem.
“There now, back with me?” John said fondly. “Huh, I guess that really flipped your switch for a minute, hmm?”
“Long enough, don’t you think?” Sherlock said, then was out the door in a swirl of coattails and curls. “Come along, John!” echoed from the corridor.
Another picture: base of a tree with smooth, silvery bark and patch of flattened grass and disturbed soil. No clear footprints, though a bit of Sherlock’s ridiculously posh brown oxford formed an edge of the shot.
The Looking Glass Cabaret was tastefully garish as always, festooned with velvet draperies and bright chandeliers. Bow-tied wait staff passed out champagne in cut glass flutes, and well-dressed patrons of all stripes laughed and flirted. People waiting in line at the door eyed him appreciatively or enviously as he strode up to the box office and gave his name. The attendant gave him a cheerful wink and a frank, admiring once-over as she handed him his ticket; John was well-liked by everyone associated with the cabaret, and they all knew him on sight as John’s partner. It meant they counted him almost as one of their own, which made him feel smug and embarrassed in equal measure.
“You’re just stroppy because Eric dumped you yesterday. You know, if you hadn’t been such a clingy twit, maybe you wouldn’t have scared him off!”
Sherlock abruptly achieved the cusp of orgasm, and it was exquisite agony. He had been aroused over and over again all evening, and John’s languid, take-his-time lovemaking had only pulled the tension tighter; his body was taut, vibrating like a bowstring about to snap. “John!” he shouted, “I’m!” and the rest of his words were lost in the roaring in his ears as his whole consciousness seemed to drill down into his core, his head arched back, mouth open, rippling contractions of potent pleasure rolling outward from his belly all the way to his fingers and toes.
Duck shrugged. “It’s always a possibility, with the populations I tend to work with. I’ll ask you one more uncomfortable question, and then I’ll let you go.” He leaned back in his chair, body language open and unthreatening. “If you go home, do you think you’ll try to kill yourself again?”
Sherlock’s face fell into momentary petulance and he chucked the charger back into the drawer where he’d found it. He peered out the window and then began to pace. “How long-”
John wasted no time, rolling on the condom he had placed close to hand, and giving his prick a swift coating of lube, hissing at the stimulation. He lined himself up and waited, again pressing Sherlock’s leg toward his chest. And waited.
Duck led the way through the garden as they talked, heading for a wrought-iron fence off to one side. “The whole femur and top 20 or so centimeters of tibia and fibula with a covering of muscle drawn over the ends; the surgeons found there wasn’t enough intact bone below that to risk it going septic if they left it.” As they reached the path by the fence, smoothly covered with fine gravel, Duck stepped up into a slow jog. “It’s lucky there was lower leg bone left at all; means I can maintain a pretty natural stride from the knee, rather than swinging the leg from the hip all the time.” He demonstrated with a few exaggerated strides, both knee- and hip-based, then settled back to his easy jog. John unthinkingly kept pace as further questions bubbled up.
John was unexpectedly amused by Sherlock’s suspicious reaction. “He wanted to tell me he’s happy I’m back.”
John smiled like a boy with a secret and stroked his hand down Sherlock’s neck to his chest. “I think you liked me in that suit.”
John rolled his eyes and shrugged ruefully. “Yeah,” he said neutrally. “But yeah, you were right to make me think on it. I think - if you really feel I should, that it’s for the best - that I could go home,” he bent down, letting his weight draw his fingers toward the floor as Duck had instructed all week, “but I’d hope that we could keep up our talks for a little bit - hey, my fingers touched the floor!” He continued from his inverted position, sounding somewhat strangled, swinging his hands at the carpet. “Just for a second, and the barest tip of my middle fingers, but it did!” He heaved back to standing, eyes shining.
He furrowed his brow as he tried to reconcile the hand-holding, the cautious hugs that had offered such comfort. There had been more of them, all week long, and it was starting to be hard to believe John was the only one getting something out of them.
“Charmed, I’m sure. But I’m not dead, I was undercover,” Sherlock drawled. “And you’re the one whose husband was dead just recently, I believe? I’m sorry for your loss, though you don’t seem too put out by it.” He made a conscious decision to go on the offensive right off, so he shook her hand with a deliberately limp grip and dialed up the posh gay in his tone; it went better with the catty remarks he intended to make.
“John,” he said wonderingly, “my John. In this case, I’ve been a terrible actor, too.” He tipped his head down and kissed John’s slowly blooming smile, right there in the middle of the dance floor.
Jones made a show of brushing the bottom of the bag off before handing it back to Marjorie, who took it with modestly good grace. “S’right, Cap, din’t want it to get all in the mud,” he said, “must’a got a bit enthusiastic afore you came along.”
“Have you anything else on right now, then? I wouldn’t mind some company,” John suggested. “Though I’m not up for a long walk or anything; my legs are surprisingly tired.” He leaned forward to rub at the back of his left calf, which had started to cramp a little. He’d probably need to stretch it out more later. He cursed at the awkward position of leaning forward to squeeze the meaty part of his lower leg.
“Is there more you think you’ll see here, Sherlock?” John asked, flipping up his own collar as the wind gusted down the back of his neck. “We’re kind of losing the light, aren’t we?”
John laughed outright. “Nurse Savage, we don’t deserve you.” He grinned at her. “I could murder some toast right now. Where should I go?”
“Sherlock?” John prompted, “do you want to talk about the case? Finish it up?” He waggled the phone again, then realized he had a similar expression on his face to when he was trying to get Rosie to eat. He hurriedly schooled his features to a more sober expression. “Did that bloke turn out to be mafia after all?”
They had John measured and the suit pinned for alteration, with the assurance that it would be ready for Thursday. Sherlock chose two more sets of shirts, some trousers and a jumper in a rich Merlot hue. It did wonders for John’s complexion and felt marvelous under Sherlock’s hands. John drew the line at underpants though; declaring mulishly that his Marks & Spencers were fine, thanks, and he would be damned if he let Mycroft buy his boxers. Sherlock eyed the clerk significantly, indicating that the sleek cotton-silk boxer briefs in John’s size which he casually left on the counter should be delivered with the other things. The clerk nodded his understanding with an understated wink.
Despite the noise of a busy hospital all around him, it was very quiet. He did his best to sleep so he didn’t have to listen to his thoughts. They were not pleasant.
He stepped into the kitchen and stopped, listening intently. The flat was quiet, yes, but not empty. John silently placed the bag on the floor and scanned the sitting room for signs of danger. Not quite as he'd left it when he went to the market. Sherlock's violin had been uncased and was balanced carefully on the back of his chair, but the sheet music had fallen from the stand. A sofa cushion lay drunkenly on the floor between his and Sherlock's chairs with the telly remote beside it, batteries scattered from an impact. Sherlock's desk was in its usual disarray and his laptop was on, browser open to a page editor. "Analysis of Saliva Coagulation at 1.6 degrees C." John hoped this meant the gruesome head in the fridge would soon be leaving.
“If you like,” John replied. “I hope eventually you’ll want to, but that’s up to you.” He shimmied his shoulders luxuriantly against the pillow mound and waited.
He felt tears slipping from the corners of his eyes, running back into his hair, just as they had on that fateful night less than a week ago.
The sweet fragrances and fresh air raised his spirits immediately. He headed for his favorite bench under the beech tree, hoping fervently that yellow-dressing-gown wasn’t camped out. John personally thought the fellow liked it under there because the colors set off his ridiculous bathrobe to good effect, rather than because the peace and solitude allowed for productive introspection.
Sherlock blinked at her, tearing his eyes away from where they had been riveted to John’s face. “Hmm, what? Oh, yes, yes, right, of course.” He waved her vaguely away and she left the room, chivying the onlookers back to their rooms and duties.
John’s face had a concerned wrinkle in the eyebrows. “You know you can still decide not to do this, right? We can just go as friends, and not have to pretend anything if you don’t want to. I mean, I appreciate how you’ve thrown yourself into preparing for ‘the role,’” he made an air quotes gesture, “but if it’s not something you want to do…” John trailed off uncertainly. “Just having you here for support will make a big difference.” He rubbed the back of his neck and looked at the floor. “I guess I just wanted to give you one more chance to back out before we go meet everyone, out there. You’ve said it’s not your area, after all, boyfriends, girlfriends… all that.”
Sherlock had moved on from his recording to the question of why a professor’s bees were suddenly producing blood-red honey, when an extraordinary sensation washed through him. All the synapses that had been contemplating nectar sources and bacterial contamination snapped to ‘what was that?!?’ mode. It came again, sweeping from his forehead across his scalp and down above the ear facing out to the room. Inexplicably, his toes curled, then flexed out wide. His eyes fluttered open.
His heart tugged at him remorsefully, and he slid off the bed to stand beside his friend at the window. “No, Sherlock,” he said gently. “Nothing like that. I promised I’d never let it get that bad again, and I won’t, I swear it.”
John watched his dramatics dispassionately. "So what you're saying is," he drawled, "you can't do it." Sherlock whirled to glare at him, quicksilver eyes blazing. "You just said it; you can't focus for more than… a millisecond, did you say?"
John snorted. “Last on, first off. Irene’s Rule Number One of wig care and feeding.” He reached up to pull a few cunningly hidden bobby pins from the blond mass, then caught Sherlock’s eyes in the mirror, offering a small nod. Sherlock lifted the wig from John’s head and stowed it carefully on the plastic head-shape on the side table. He turned back to see John wiping his face with makeup remover on a cloth, his flawless, smooth complexion dissolving into the familiar, weathered folds and texture of John Watson. Sherlock watched, engrossed as the queen receded and the man was revealed.
John was used to ignoring the ‘idiot’ connotation. “You don’t have something to do? I dunno, a case on or something? Won’t you be bored?”
“Need tea,” John said, heading for the kettle. Sherlock can’t help but watch him go; that new jacket of John’s offers an unobstructed view that Sherlock has been keenly interested in lately. From a strictly aesthetic standpoint, of course – Sherlock is interested in anything new about John. John fills the kettle and flicks it on, raising an eyebrow inquiringly and smiling. “Something you needed?”
“Rosie,” he said firmly, “this is your breakfast, and you need to eat it.” He wiped up the mess, and fished the floaters from his tea with his finger, flicking them into the sink. Rosie’s gaze stayed fixed on his face as he did so; her chubby features seemed to take on a faintly sly cast. He scooped up another spoonful and held it out to her. She clamped her little lips closed, staring at him all the while. John’s brows lowered with his rising frustration.
The critical little voice in his head that had caused so much trouble scoffed at such an optimistic hope, but John told that part of him to sod off. He and Duck had talked about checking his assumptions, that the little voice in his head had been trained by his depression and inertia to feed him unsubstantiated judgment about his actions.
Sherlock seemed unsurprised, but was having none of it. His lips tightened to a thin line and he said sternly, “John, take your daughter.”
“Yes, that will do nicely. It gets us out into the room where we can be spotted,” Sherlock replied, wary of this sudden solicitousness. Was John the one having regrets, now? “John,” he said suddenly, wanting his friend to look him in the eye.
Sherlock’s air quotes were dramatically affected and intended to make John smile, which it did, faintly. “Hang on a moment, I’ll be right back.” He hopped up from the chair and headed to the door, again speaking to someone out in the hallway. Then he was stepping backwards into the room and holding arms out to receive Rosamund Watson, sleepy and soft, clad in a mint-green fleece romper. Behind him, Amina slipped into the room, smiling ‘hello’ at John and dropping a bulging diaper bag on the floor by the wall before plopping into the other guest chair and pulling out her phone to fiddle with.
“Earlier that day, I had been thinking about… the talk we had, you know, about James, and my father, and his stupid fucking attitude about Harry. I told you he dislocated my shoulder when I took her side during a fight when she came out - but what I hadn’t really thought about was that he’d tried it on with me, too, while he was ranting.” John felt the need to move a bit, get some distance from Duck’s wise eyes while he stumbled through this recitation of the revelation he had had, that his understanding of himself might be so skewed. So he stood and paced the carpeted area where they stretched, hands alternately scrubbing through his hair, rubbing over his cheeks, or gesticulating with his distress. “Bastard asked if I was one too - an ‘arse bandit;’ a fairy, queer, whatever. And after that I had never allowed myself to even consider the possibility that I might,” John scrubbed at the back of his neck as he struggled to find words, “feel… for a… a man. Da would’ve killed me, if he thought I might be…” He shook off the difficult memory.
At about 7:30, Amina got Rosie out of bed as usual and entered the sitting room with her, stopping dead in the doorway and gaping at Sherlock where he was seated in an armchair, long neck mottled with purpling, finger-shaped marks. Amina had a soft spot for the acerbic detective, and was obviously quite concerned at his battered appearance.
With a sense of resigned sorrow, he took her and laid her against his chest. How could he refuse with her right there? Asking for him? The small body was unexpectedly solid; she looked so frail, he was always surprised at how firm her tiny form actually was. The weight of it on him felt grounding; he could hear his heart rate slowing on the monitor. Words tumbled from him, reflexively. “Hallo, lovey, how have you been? Making messes for Amina to clean up?”
By the time John noticed the slant to his thoughts, he had already ruled out most forms of violent death for himself. And he had contemplated quite seriously all the methods they encountered - gruesome though they might be, they were no deterrent to careful consideration. It didn’t worry him; it was just a series of scenarios he was running to occupy his mind while Sherlock performed his miracles of logic and deduction.
“I’ve seen worse, and I’m sure you have too, if you’ve been in general practice much since you’ve been back.”
When it was finished, John stood and bounced on his toes a few times. “God, that’s much better! I was worried I would end up really sore tomorrow. I mean, yeah, give me something else to focus on besides my problems, but I’m not so into pain as all that.” He plopped back down on the bed and snagged Sherlock’s hand to squeeze it. “Thanks.”
His insides were veering into ‘weird’ territory just considering it: Sherlock, holding the shirt in his hands, reading it, his face pinched in distaste, or confusion, or... what? Well, there was no changing it, so he manfully ignored any possible embarrassment and stomped out to have a light breakfast.
A tight spotlight made her foot glow like a stiletto-pointed star. Her dancer acted equal parts shocked and ravenous as he raised her from the dip and she turned her head to address the crowd.
In the small hours of the night, John was awakened by intense dreams. But for the first time in a very, very long time, the dreams were not full of screams and explosions and terror. Kinesthetic impressions of muscled flesh beneath his hands, soft skin under his fingertips and against his lips, sweat and musk and electric heat, had him waking to gasped breaths and a throbbing erection. He lay in bed, surprised at this turn of events. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d had an erotic dream, let alone a wank. He chalked it up to his improved mental state, and took himself in hand. No sense wasting it, after all.
and more fleeting but equally potent, kinesthetic impressions (lean muscles under his hands during recent hugs, huge hand clasping his own so carefully, sleeping head laid on his hospital bed while silken curls slipped around his fingers) that made goosebumps break out across his skin and spurred an inevitable tumescence.
Next to him, he heard a gasp of in-drawn breath, and a shadow fell across his face as someone blocked the lights by leaning over him. “John?” Sherlock’s usually resonant voice was ragged with exhaustion, and tight with something John had never heard in it before.
this embrace made him feel. Not anxious, not upset or embarrassed or uncomfortable; this felt right. Like the massage on his calves had made the cramps disappear, this hug made some unnameable, constant discomfort vanish, leaving behind quiet peace.
“So, what’s the problem, then? Because I think you’re absolutely the right person for me, whether we have sex like crazed weasels or never go beyond some excellent snogging like we’ve already done.”
He sent a text to John – ‘Awake. Come if convenient.’ – and finished doing up the buttons on his deep teal dress shirt before slipping on a black suit jacket. After taking one last look in the mirror, he unbuttoned one more at his neck, exposing a vee of pale skin. That should do it. The hotel room featured a little sitting area next to the enormous bed, so Sherlock chose a seat with a view of the door to wait for his (pretend) boyfriend, fingers steepled against his lips.
They didn’t mention the other topic that had been raised the previous day, but John was aware of the question, percolating in the back of his mind. For now, it could stay back there.
John’s face reflected his confusion. “Of course,” he cleared his throat. “’Course it is. Why wouldn’t it be?”
There was a groan from his friend, then a curse as he tried to sit up. “I’m fine.” Sherlock heaved himself to sitting, and then to his knees, digging through his pockets with purpose. “Let’s get our friend tied up and get the Yard on its way, hmm?” He produced a fistful of zip ties, which John used to secure Spike’s hands, and for good measure did his feet, too. By the time he was finished, Sherlock was on his phone, filling in someone with rapid-fire delivery about where to come to collect his murderer, oh, and there was another victim, crime committed right in front of two witnesses after confessing to the first, possibly the murderer was on drugs. Then he paused and John could hear the tinny yelling echoing over the line as Sherlock mouthed ‘Lestrade - he’s a little upset.’ The grin and thumbs-up that accompanied his resumed conversation made John snort out a chuckle; just like Sherlock to joke at a crime scene, even one that he participated in.
“I’d like that. I’ll go put my things away then.” John headed out of the kitchen, stopping to grab his duffel on the way to his room. Sherlock paced silent and close at his heels as he approached the bedroom, his own steps slowing as he remembered what had happened the last time he’d been in there. A sense of heavy reluctance swept through him as he gingerly opened the door, braced for a sensory reliving of the misery of those dreadful events.
He heard a rustling again, then a straw was pressed to his lips. “Here, can you drink a little of this? It’s very dry in here, and you were intubated for a time.”
“His mates were talking in the hall, and they said you called him at least five times a day, you followed him around in school and practically stalked him outside school. I heard him tell you it was creepy, and he’s right! It is creepy!” Stephen was yelling now, too, fists clenched and face screwed into a grimace. John wondered if he would have to break up a fight between the siblings.
Instead, he picked up the trite novel he’d been reading that afternoon, and slogged along through another few chapters before changing into the pajamas he saw Sherlock had left on the bureau, enthusiastically brushing his teeth for the first time in three days, and settling down to sleep. As he lay there in the not-quite dark, listening to the unfamiliar sounds of the facility at night, he wondered what the next morning would bring.
The unfailing focus brought to mind the realization John had come to before the Yard had arrived at the crime scene. John’s presence on cases with Sherlock was a distraction that would inevitably lead to his mad friend’s death, sidetracking the genius detective with concerns for John’s safety at some unfortunate, crucial moment. Continuing to work with Sherlock like that would be tantamount to killing him, almost.
John smiled. “Well, we just have to get through the rest of this afternoon, then. Think we can manage?”
The bathroom door closed behind him with a clunk, and as he took himself out and started his much-needed piss, his brain caught up and asked him
John huffed a chuckle. “Yes, I can see that, you prat. What are you doing more generally? I thought you wanted to ferret around the facility?”
The day passed in a blur of sniffling noses, repetitive motion injuries, and unpleasant skin conditions. John did his work efficiently and attentively, all the while feeling detached, removed from genuine connection with his patients. He chalked it up to his poor sleep the night before.
John, who had little interest in bees, still kept right by them and watched Sherlock with evident pleasure at his enthusiasm. When the beekeeper took her leave, pleading an appointment, Sherlock agreeably walked along with John, hands waving as he expounded on his admiration for a hard-working insect. “They are a marvel of evolution, John. A super-organism comprised of many individuals, each performing different tasks for the hive the way our organs do for our bodies.”
A cascade of images presented themselves behind his eyes. Sherlock clad in nothing but a sheet at Buckingham Palace featured prominently, of course. Sherlock, quizzically gazing up at Irene Adler’s nudity in her house; Sherlock bemused by a freshly showered Irene in their flat, flirting so determinedly at him - and John feeling compelled each time to recapture his attention, break that fascination his friend had shown. John remembered his chagrin combined with visceral relief when Sherlock revealed his dalliance with Janine had been a ruse. Even then John had chided himself for his jealousy. A series of remembrances of Sherlock in various states of dress scrolled through his head - posh button-down shirts rolled up at the sleeves, trousers clinging to a surprisingly rounded posterior, petulant sulks on the sofa in silky dressing gown and threadbare pajamas, Sherlock’s eyes meeting John’s in the mirror as he straightened his tie before the disastrous Moriarty trial, settling his own suit jacket on lean shoulders. And the curls. Scruffy and unwashed, or frizzy and crumpled with sleep, or elegantly tamed with product, John had always clamped down on a desire to sink his fingers into the silky mass to tug on them.
John stood, returning Sherlock's hand to the crook of his other arm. He gazed down at the still, relaxed form with the satisfied air of a man who has finished a difficult job and done good work. He went to look for a blanket.
Sherlock nodded emphatically. “If I finish before it’s time to pick up young Watson, I’ll come by again.” With that, he was out the door, polished shoes tapping on the hallway tiles.
He pulled in another deep breath and blew it out with a whoosh as Sherlock demanded details from Lestrade in his usual arrogant tones, and then had to repeat himself, as Lestrade entirely ignored him.
A gleeful, greedy part of him rubbed metaphorical hands together in anticipation, while the more rational part goggled at his seemingly seamless acceptance of impending gay snogging sessions. It defied understanding. John chalked it up to the euphoria of the moment - a break in the case and the breaking of his personal hang-up all in the space of an hour.
“Yeah, he…” John scratched his eyebrow with a fingernail, then proceeded to tell Duck about Sherlock’s histrionics at not finding John in his room after sending several texts. John dropped his face into his hands and groaned as the words popped out. “Oh, bollocks - I wasn’t supposed to tell you I had my phone. Just forget you heard that part.”
way Sherlock looked at John sometimes when he thought John couldn’t see. Such meekness didn’t suit his direct, forthright friend. It stirred his guilt; Sherlock, being especially kind to him, coddling him - not setting him off. Keeping him from being dangerous. From hurting Sherlock again, or someone else.
Surprisingly, not as much as he had expected. That something like this would happen between them seemed so inevitable, slotting into his psyche with tectonic finality, changing his internal landscape forever.
“Not really,” John admitted, “but it’s not like it’s a magic spell or anything, just that sometimes it happens that way. I guess I’ll just have to chip away at this one.” John went over to the huge window with its curtain still open, despite the late hour, and peered into the night.
That feeling of loss, of loneliness, was still in his chest, throbbing underneath his daughter’s cheek. His daughter. Which made him her father. (Somewhere in John’s mind, a deep voice intoned “obviously, John.”) His lip twitched in a fleeting half-smile.
“Hello,” he countered, “You always look good enough to eat, though tonight you are especially delectable.” He turned his head to speak quietly and still be heard, purring into the shell of her ear, “I have been hard for you for
Sherlock began to stir, and emitted a purring sort of yawn. He rolled his head under John’s hand, forehead sliding on the mattress until he was facing toward John, and sleepily smiled. He made no move to get out from under the fingers against his scalp. “Hello,” he said, and drew in a big sighing breath. “You’re awake.”
The door shut behind them with a quiet click, and they were alone together in their room. John stepped into the bathroom for a moment, and Sherlock slipped off his shoes and sat on the bed. He was still uncertain about his ability to please John, but he was determined to try. He reviewed the few interludes they had had already, and the kiss from that morning; his responses had been very much instinctual, but John had not seemed disappointed – well, except that they had to stop.
He brought home take-out for supper, and bathed his daughter and tickled her and smiled at her, and longed for his bed.
“Sher. Lock!” John said loudly, leaning over to more pointedly address his oblivious friend. Sherlock twitched and regarded John, who had clearly been trying to get his attention for some time. The shirt had slid forward, revealing both collarbones with perfect framing by the drooping neckline. Sherlock resolutely did not wonder what they tasted like. “Do. You. Want. Eggs!”
“Yes, oh god yes!” John’s hips snapped doubletime, suddenly pistoning into Sherlock powerfully. His face screwed up into a grimace as he chased his own peak, then sagged in relief as he came in several lusty pulses, gasping Sherlock’s name and collapsing down onto his lover, still careful to list enough to one side that he didn’t compress Sherlock’s chest too heavily. He smeared kisses along any patch of skin that was closest, murmuring endearments in a worshipful stream. “...you beautiful thing... love you so much... missed you. Missed this... brilliant... love you. Only you... no one ever like you...”
Though the days were filled with frantic mental activity for Sherlock, the nights after John went to bed were quiet and empty. Sherlock passed the time in his room: first cataloging the day’s events that needed to be stored in his mind palace, then planning a few new things to try the next day. Often those two processes would result in yet another annoying erection. Before now, he had hardly ever needed to attend to this particular task (just transport) but in his bed in the dark, Sherlock could indulge without fear of discovery. He could not resist spending a longer time each night imagining John as if he were really Sherlock’s lover - all the things he would do and Sherlock would do, hazy with his inexperience of the actual acts - while taking himself in hand. His climax inevitably overwhelmed him and he stifled his groans with a fist in his mouth, lest John hear him through the floor.
Amina’s eyes had widened with excitement as he talked; now she clapped her hands together and said “I know just the class for you! Meets in the afternoon, Wednesday and Saturday, but you don’t have to go twice a week unless you want to. When do you want to start?” Her enthusiasm was catching, overpowering his trepidation with ease.
“Yes, well,” she shot John an understanding glance, and smiled at Sherlock’s snort. “Your body has had a hard time of it, so the weakness is to be expected. Your partner,” she indicated Sherlock, “did well to get those pills out of you as quickly as he could, but you had to be given three doses of Naloxone to clear the opiates from your system. That’s hard on your liver and kidneys, as I’m sure you understand. We’ll want to keep you here for another day to make sure you’re in the clear, and then you’ll need to decide what to do next.”
Lestrade is impressed. "Wondered why you always look so well dressed. But look, I need you to have a look at this."
“Social Services are checking on me, Molly. Please come in. Ms Briggs, Ms Powers, this is Doctor Molly Hooper. She’s my moral compass and one of Albion’s closest friends.”
She’s not frightened, because there is nothing to be frightened of.  Plates don’t bounce mysteriously from the shelves, there are no ominous footsteps in the short neat hallway, her cat doesn’t rise and hiss in fear at apparitions.
They both sleep deeply that night. Sherlock dreams that he has a flock of owls on strings that he carries around like balloons; John dreams that he is swimming in a sea as warm as bathwater.
WE'VE GONE TO BRIGHTON FOR THE WEEKEND TO THE FESTIVALS OF CRYSTELS SHOULD BE BACK SUNDAY PLS FEED RONDA
“Well, Sherlock,” Mycroft sneered, “I’m thrilled to see that your genius for attracting sympathy for problems you bring on yourself has not abated.”
The little bird holds on with the faintest sting of tiny claws while John looks around the room to see if he has any kind of suitable bird container. There's nothing so he places it back on the edge of the laundry hamper.
Greg is here because he trusts John’s judgment, and more importantly, he has to sign for the files in the registry. Also, Sherlock will probably solve a couple and that means a better Key Performance Indicator.
Mycroft came to visit the next day. I was lying on my couch, reading about solid foods with Albion curled up like a hibernating dormouse and asleep on my chest, when he slunk in. He has a key but I never hear him use it.
And then it comes back to him. I'm here, in my life, in my only suit, working in some office in High Barnet, managing the monthly sales lists of a pharmaceutical company.
The second wind blast forth. I still hadn’t reconciled how so much gas could fit in such a tiny body.
Mr Stinky laughed again. “Shut the fuck up! You’re all going to die. Junior first, then Sherlock fucking Homes, and then you pair of London’s finest.”
“I’m John Watson, and this is Sherlock Holmes,” he says kindly as the woman takes her seat. “What brings you here?”
The MI6 agent is not interested in Sherlock's bed sheet or Sherlock all that much. Sherlock is now alphabetising all the small details about the MI6 agent and the seven corgis who likely make his life miserable and files them in the Mycroft archive.
I took her to the University College Hospital. Molly once said they had good maternity services there.
He's immensely fortunate that the first person who does see it regards it with great curiosity and endless affection.
I told him a passable lie about helping a friend, which would have been good if I actually had any friends. “It’s for a case,” I added hopefully.
He woke up sharply at 2pm when his phone chirped at him but it was only Mycroft. He read the message in case it was the start of a satisfying argument that he would more than likely win but it was just an invitation to dinner. The phone was tossed lightly to the floor and Sherlock wondered how long he could lay there without emptying his bladder. Not long, as it turned out.
The council man, when he arrives, is harassed and impatient. He takes Sherlock, John and Greg through the old building, and John refers to the plan to get some idea as to how the building may have been laid out in 1975.
"So is that blonde doctor bloke The Freak's boyfriend?" Donovan's arms are folded across her chest, her feet crossed at the ankles. She's leaning on the door jam.
“Why don’t we go down to the hospital and get you checked out?” I said nicely. I felt like some fresh air anyway.
Sherlock’s attention waivers in and out of his environment - the others’ conversations, John’s happiness amongst their friends and the pleasing degree of crispness of his chips, but Ryan is emitting the loudest signal. Sherlock can see in the boy’s fidgeting and occasional nod of his head that he wants to tell Sherlock something but is having difficulty summoning his courage.
On our first morning, I woke to find empty spaces on both sides of the bed and a voluble flatulent sound coming from the living room. I wandered out to find Albion naked on the couch, with our physician leaning over him, blowing raspberries on his belly.
Mr Stinky jumped a little. He wasn’t expecting that. He regained his composure quickly and I strained my eyes to see John standing behind him. I was certain he wasn’t armed and my stupid brain started provided images of the many times I’d seen John draw his pistol.
He looks through the contents of the trolley, going over a mental list so well worn that it comes to him like a poem he's memorised. It's only missing a couple of things.
“Yes. You’re aware though, that from an evolutionary standpoint, he resembles you so you won’t eat him.”
John and Sherlock are folded together on their couch, watching a documentary about birds. John is quite taken with the bowerbird and the odd collection of blue things the creature has gathered for a potential mate.
"Oh! Yes, Mike, of course. Good to see you." John extends his hand and Stamford shakes it enthusiastically. "Are you working here?"
Mycroft held the roaring Albion and followed me to the kitchen where I had bottles sterilising. The new uncle eyed my bottle sterilising equipment with a clinical eye.
Then he lifts his eyes and sees John’s war wound. “Oh! Oh, that is wonderful. No, don’t put your hand over it, come here, show me, I want to see it.”
All the electrical whirring noises my thinking generates had been reduced to a tiny buzz at that stage and I felt very calm.
Recover. John wonders idly what exactly he would be recovering. The man who he was before he went to war, maybe: drinks at the pubs with mates on Thursday night, a good run every morning, watching international test matches on Saturday afternoon with a beer, sleeping the whole night through in the dark. An optimistic man who found life interesting because he knew something big was coming. That man seems uninformed and so far away as to be irretrievable. John wondered if there was anything he could do to bring him back.
After ten days of silently slapping paint on the wall upstairs and driving me out of mind in his painting clothes, John Watson called me upstairs to see the new nursery.
“So Molly,” Lestrade says hopefully to change the subject, “Can we come and build Toby a play centre next weekend?”
Beverly is unconcerned. She taps at her computer and rolls the tip of her tongue over her lips while she reads through a list of possible employment opportunities. Her lipstick doesn't budge; John thinks it must be some kind of lacquer. He imagines kissing that painted mouth and feels a little knot of repulsion roll in his stomach.
John is looking at her heart rate on the ECG machine above her bed. Sherlock looks at the small case in the corner of the room. It is half zipped, and small puffs of clothes appear at awkward angles.
At home, Sherlock is once more looking at John’s socks, idly pressing a finger to his lips and planting a little kiss on each pair.
Uncle Rudy is sorting through her wardrobe. There’s a row of play dresses, lovely soft frocks made from liberty cottons or viyella, a few small Ballantyne cardigans in pastel cashmeres, some white frilly Cacharel blouses Auntie Chloe sent from Paris, stout Clarks shoes in a neat row on the floor, and two pairs of dark trousers for the cold weather, folded on a small shelf to the right.
He sits back and leans against the wall. Rhonda is dozing on the bed and looks over at where he's sitting with a small meow. He thinks for a long while, thinks about what it will be like to be dead, wonders if being dead is the end of all conscienceness and pain, or if there is an afterlife and he'll see people he knew, that they will be waiting for him.
I automatically held him closer and my throat constricted so severely I could barely squeak. In the background I heard footsteps coming up the stairs and Mrs Hudson opened the door.
Her youngest son stands before her now, smiling delightedly at her for noticing his pyjamas, bending in to kiss her pale slightly papery cheek. She wears Cabochard, like she has always done, and the deep, wantonly intelligent scent comforts him immediately.
The judge stared at me for a few moments. She had a toothache and her husband worked as a carpenter.
Most people his age are either married with children, divorced with custody issues or well into their second relationship and managing a blended family. Thus the people John has met so far are all young, confused, immature, bitter and twisted or older but living alone for a very good reason.
I was under the impression that a dummy was a bad thing, but monitoring Albion’s saliva production with and without a dummy was a tantalizing thought.
“Absolutely. You’re my best friend.” Sherlock added that descriptor with particular satisfaction. He loved saying it. He had never had a friend before, let alone a best one, and stating it plainly brought him immense joy. “It would be a privilege to have you back.”
Sherlock had changed in practical ways.  He could cook now, and surprised John more regularly with such fare as poached eggs on toast, pumpkin soup and on one momentous occasion, soda bread.
“Well, he didn’t get to actually handle any bees, which was disappointing, but the lab was across the road from a Magistrate’s Court so when it was quiet, the Prince used to go and sit in on the criminal court listings. Because he was good at deducing, he became very good at working out if a person was guilty or not.”
Sherlock shakes his head. "I didn't even hear anything," he says, confused. Nothing like this has ever happened to him. "First thing I saw was the shot flare when the gun went off. Hit him right in the mouth. Perfect aim." Sherlock stops to consider what kind of a person the marksman must be. Calm surface, seething undercurrent. "You're looking for a hunter, maybe a military man, someone who's trained in very hostile conditions and probably has killed many times before. You should check gun clubs too" - but he stops short when he sees Mycroft, in the distance, bailing up John.
“Precisely. When our man doesn’t hear from the victim, he’s going to start looking for him.” Sherlock kneels down again and searches through the dead man’s coat. “Mobile – oh, look at that. Five messages already.” Sherlock reads them in a singsong voice. “ ‘U OK mate’, ‘call me asap’ ‘call me you twat’ – there’s your manslaughter suspect. Start with hospitals closest to here, because that’s where he’ll be looking. And while some of you are arresting him, the rest of you can start going through all those containers. Look for the ones with the most locks and fixtures, maybe even container s within containers, because that’s where the money will be.”
The components of this failed conversation gathered in Sherlock’s heart as a heavy damp heap in and brought him down. When they got home, he curled up on the couch and stayed there for nearly fourteen hours. No amount of coaxing, cajoling or increasingly concerned kisses from John could move him.
“I KNOW how to burn the house down,” Eurus says haughtily, but she’s lifting her self up, because a four year old is still a four year old, and she’d hate it if someone took her pencils - a very smart set of seventy two Derwents in a lovely wooden box - from her.
"Oh, dear God, no," John says when he opens his bedroom door and sees Rhonda waiting patiently on his bed with the mouse hanging limply in her mouth.
Sherlock paces up and down Jeremy’s street, swearing elegantly under his breath. John watches from the gate of the common.
“Maybe you’ve got a heart after all?” John tipped his lovely face to one side, slightly teasing, but with kindness.
And at her feet, a large champagne cat in a red floral collar with a pretty gold tag stands up and yowls at John. Captain! So good to see you! Look at you! You've got better! You'd love it here. There's meat and gravy every night and we watch movies with the heater on and I can sleep any where I like. This week I'm with Ida but she's out of her tree and keeps calling me Margot. I love it here but I miss you!
Nothing is happening. His whole life is a loop of tedious commitments and tribulations that mean absolutely nothing. He is losing a grip on everything.
"I'm taking you to the hospital tomorrow. You'll have a real job and lots of friends. They're all to old to have sex so you won't have to worry about that. They'll all like you and you can sleep on their beds all day." He reaches out and strokes her soft coat.
The same, but different: both John and I were different men from the two who shared the flat four years ago.  Better men, I believe. John and I had amassed some interesting and frequently painful life experiences.
He still has no idea where he will sit down for the last time but at the moment he thinking about St Barts, where he trained all those years ago. It depends, John decides, on whether they still have that dark quiet area near the rear car park.
When he gets home to the empty house he turns on all the lights and walks straight to his room and starts packing.
Two of the suspects’ statements claimed the victim had been sitting down when he was attacked. John and I were able to prove that, based on the spatter patterns, all four men would have had to have been standing. This meant the fight was not sudden and therefore the topic of the fight was not a minor point; the accused would have had an emotional investment in the argument.
Sherlock tips his face a little to the side. The scar has almost disappeared and his eyes change colour like opals.
Not that it mattered. Fiona was monumentally boring. She wasn’t interested in criminals or shooting things or hearing about Afghanistan or how brilliant John’s flatmate was. She was interested in running marathons, cooking elaborate cakes and the re-introduction of capital punishment. She made John lonely for Sherlock.
Very early next morning, Mycroft sends Sherlock and John two emails. The first is the address of Corrine Best, who was treated on the NHS last September, and is in receipt of a government pension. She is listed as living in Hastings.
Sherlock gets it immediately and stretches his arm across John's chest. "Sorry, sorry, my mistake. You told me you were invalided, I didn't factor for post traumatic distress. I apologise."
“No,” I said, “A thousand times no. You are never that person. She might have thought she saw that, but I think we’d both agree her vision is pretty limited. She took advantage of the damage I caused you. That she underestimated the man you are is entirely her shortcoming.”
Organised as ever, he's laid out the few items he'll carry with him: one hundred and twenty pounds in notes, his GMC card in one back pocket and his Army warrant in the other, his gun, disengaged for the time being and tucked down the back of his trousers.
together in a kind of prayer under his chin. He is going over the previous evening with some satisfaction and discussing with John the practicalities of keeping separate rooms. It makes no difference to him that John isn't there.
Later that morning, John and Albion were reading the postcards he had sent. I had them in a pile on my desk.
For a moment John can't recall where he is. "No, you're fine, don't worry about it," he says with a cloudy mouth.
“Then the Woodsman went looking for a boar, which is a fairly fearsome kind of pig thing, but you don’t have to be frightened because there aren’t any boars in London and if there was, and it came here, Mrs Hudson would hit it with a broom and if it still got upstairs,  I’d kill it and you’d be safe.
Sometimes when he wrote, tears would burn for a moment, and he would take a breath to hold them in, just as Mycroft taught him.
I had wandered off from whatever dreary gathering was being conducted and made my way to the pool, where I was certain there would be frogs. Obviously I was an idiot infant because I had yet to take into account the use of commercial chlorine and the effect of chlorine on frogs.
“It’s no different from me getting all the cups and saucers from Mrs Hudson’s cupboard and laying them all in a semi circle and then sitting among them, waiting for you to come in and assess whether you liked them or not. Would that entice you to want to be my mate? Should I do that tomorrow and see how effectively it seduces you?”
Jeremy opens his mouth but is unable to explain it. John and Lestrade are filled with pity for this awkward adolescent, stealing money to buy a friend a present.
Sherlock’s eyes are glazed with adoring wonder as he shifts so the buttons can be loosened easily. “You’ve thought about my chest?”
Sherlock is dismissive. “We’ll take a taxi. And I’ll put some street clothes on.” The thought fills him with disappointment because it will cover his toes.
He thought about it for a few moments, and then, as if by magic, lifted himself slightly, supported himself on his left elbow and tipped his perfect face up so he could see the fish more clearly.
There's Sherlock, furiously trying to remain a moving target, which of course is harder to stab than a terrified, still one.
“Yes, exactly. John doesn’t make deductions, but he interprets things, or re-evaluates things I may have dismissed, or taken on face value. Other times he can provide a vital fact that will substantiate a complex theory. And he blogs about me. I never asked him to do that, he just started writing about our cases so that I would get the credit for solving them instead of the police.” Sherlock ponders that for a moment, how John’s generous conducting of light had illuminated Sherlock for the world to see and admire. “He is very supportive of me.”
Why do they need to fuck so continuously, John wonders as he lays in his bed, eyes raw and arms wrapped tightly around his chest after a round of particularly vicious dreams. The ceiling above him seems to be weakening. They could come crashing through any moment.
They walk down a series of wide, quiet corridors. A few patients are up and about, walking slowly on frames or being pushed in wheelchairs. Others are in rooms sitting around a television or staring at the world they once knew slipping away through slightly streaked windows.
I was starting to think it would be quicker if a I published a brochure about how Albion came to be my son. “No. He was born at University College Hospital.”
But I was never able to adequately explain to Eddie why I loved John Watson because at that time I didn’t know. To be fair, I’d only worked out that I loved him in the last few months. I’d never had feelings like that for anyone, so actually defining or quantifying them seemed a bit premature.
“Sherlock’s an old friend of mine,” Billy explains. “I saw him a few months ago and told him he had straight boy pain. Now I hear he got it cured.”
“A parental order means that with any important decision – like a passport, or vaccinations, or medical treatment - John can make that decision without you here. He becomes Albion’s legal parent. If you let this slip, Albion will have one parent. John will be, in common law, a guardian, but that status could be challenged in court. So if anything should happen to you – God forbid – Albion could be taken as a ward of the state, and stay that way until John’s role was defined by the court.”
She rubs her head against his hand and closes her bright lime eyes for a second. It's nice to see old friends. She watches as they go, and John turns around briefly for one last look. Bye Captain! Thanks for dropping by! Bye Lenny! Look after the Captain!
John Watson was most interested in Adrienne. I could feel his curiosity growing as he sorted through all the questions he wanted to ask. He settled on a gentle one to start.  “So what kind of work are you doing?”
"I went to  a  boarding school.  They had  to  have  an never  ending schedule  of organised activities to keep everyone out of mischief."
Five moths after they met, John, whose savings are running low, takes a part time job in the Accident and Emergency rooms at Dick Whittington hospital.
Mycroft was already off at Dulwich when his father retired but baby Sherlock was still chewing rusks under the watchful eye of his nanny and thus spent his earliest years enjoying the closest interaction with either parent that either boy would know. It failed entirely to assist him in developing any crucial social skills but made him the first four year old who was able to competently explain Cartesian Dualism.
Instead I was put in the care of a rather sweet doctor called Eddie. He was married, had two children (both of whom were active participants in competitive sports at their rather small public schools), brought his own lunch to work every day, spoke Italian quite fluently, enjoyed easy listening rock on his iPod, drove a four wheel drive and despite being qualified to practice medicine, specialised in mental health care because he was squeamish at the sight of blood.
Mostly, though, I was treated by Eddie, who didn’t want to cure me of anything. He liked talking with me, and wanted to know why I felt I couldn’t love people properly.
Rosie is excited by this addition to her collection Mycroft is helping her amass, and opens the bag for her father to peek in. She is, Sherlock and John have discussed, the only three year old in the Northern hemisphere and possibly in the history of humanity to have a collection of pencils sorted by their density.
The boys gather around her at the table. They eat straight from the cartons with plastic forks or chopsticks as required, because there are no plates.
“Quite right, “ says Mycroft as he gently guides Rosie’s little hand to the right place so she can place the next piece of the puzzle.
"Ah." It's always a pleasant surprise for Sherlock when the person he has been conversing with turns out not to have been there after all. "No matter. We've agreed that we can keep separate rooms. That will allow us some storage and privacy if we need it, but we can always visit one another if we chose."
I wasn’t, not at all. Ms Powers was becoming quite insistent. “Social Services,” was all I could say.
He blinks and tilts his head as a headlight burns his eye for a second. It's a scooter, something plexiglass and light, and it clips a man who is rushing out of a doorway to cross the street and the man trips, falls face first and cries out or swears.
John waits for Sherlock to look and when he does, swallows hard and rolls his tongue over his bottom lip.
A few days later they were walking home from Barts, where Sherlock had looked over a corpse for Lestrade and correctly deduced the victim had died as a result of self-deliverance and not suffocation at someone else’s hand.
“You lay a hand on my family and I’ll grind your skull to powder with my boot after I’ve blown it off your neck. DROP YOUR WEAPONS NOW.”
It was hard to read because the light was poor. I asked my conductor of light to see if he could find the power box and illuminate the crime scene for us.
I have some excellent news! @ancientreader has written a sequel to this story, and it is phenomenal. I am very, very hopeful that she will post it, because it is fabulous piece of writing, and  it provides a very happy ending for another character in this story.
Currently he is sitting in his office at a desk made cheaply from pine painted in a syrupy red paint meant to resemble teak, wondering what on earth he is supposed to say at the meeting he is scheduled to attend in five minutes. Shona stands in the doorway, trying her luck.
She laughs and rests a playful hand on his arm as he turns to follow Sherlock up the stairs. “You never know your luck!”
His voice is strained with misery and discomfort. Sherlock hears it immediately and remembers that John has to eat regularly or he starts to flag.
John talks between mouthfuls of the tasty quiche. “So…runcible spoons. Are you hoping we can dance by the light of the moon?”
“I would love too but he refuses to take any more clients. He only sees me because I assisted him in finding his  - yacht.”
John Watson was famous amongst his friends and acquaintances for his large collection of jumpers. They don’t make many good jumpers for very little babies, but I was able to get some very good soft knitted cardigans.
But my little boy, who kept my heart beating after the Woodsman found it, smiled and me and turned back to his sister, who more recently taught me just how far love can make a heart expand.
I felt like we are had finally arrived at the right place, and finished the journey we started this very table all those years ago.
It is a long careful procedure to remove the child’s body from the cold cellar. John has pointed out that they must keep her cold so that she doesn’t disintegrate in the fresh air. The ambulance officers who retrieve her pack the body bag with ice.
Mrs Hudson let me keep the post card. It was, until I got back to my flat at least, the only thing I had of him and it made me want to dance and run back to the crack house at the same time.
Only the mother, Corinne Best,  was aware of the shoe and as far as they could tell, the father was never advised. The investigating police interviewed three people – her mother, her father and his girl friend – all of whom were in their twenties at the time. That would make them in their late sixties now – if they’re alive. The last police communication in the file was in 2001, with the mother.
- was so enticing. It soothed him. Of course he never would actually do it. But if things ever got really unbearable, there was always that last option.
He felt a gentle hand brush his fringe back from his forehead. “Sleep, John.” He fell asleep to the sensation of long fingers stroking his hair.
“Just come and see for yourself, Lestrade, I haven’t all night to hang about and gossip with you on the phone,” he snarked as he hung up. “They should be along presently.” A grimace passed across his face at that moment, and he pressed a hand to his side.
All too soon, they had given statements and Sherlock’s wound had been pronounced superficial by the paramedic on scene, though she gave them an incredulous look when they asserted it was not a bullet graze but a knife that had turned and scraped oddly. John’s pistol was safely stowed back in his jacket, shielded from being seen by Yard personnel who might want to ask questions.
He squinted at the picture: a man’s face, swarthy and unshaven, smeared with the shocking crimson of serious head trauma that caved in the frontal bone over the right eye with a blunt, rounded, instrument about the same diameter as a pound coin. Hammer, possibly? He frowned, chewed his lip for a moment as he considered.
“At the very least, it will help you understand your reactions, John. Maybe nothing will come of it, other than you’ll know something new about yourself. Maybe you’ll recognize where some of the impulses that have worried you before are coming from. That can only be a good thing, right?” Duck leaned back in his chair, and laced his fingers together in front of his bristly chin. “And,” he said carefully, from behind the shelter of his hands, “perhaps you’ll see some new things about this person,” he raised a wry eyebrow, “that will surprise you.”
John didn’t sleep as well as he had the night previous; his dreams were laced with confusing glimpses of the people in his life and a cast of anonymous extras, all seemingly in trouble, and him frantic to fix it, save them, something. No one was bleeding, no one was dying, but everyone looked worried and frightened. The tension was palpable.
He risked cracking an eyelid for a peek. Sherlock’s face was haggard and grey with fatigue, and he held himself like John had seen so many families at the bedsides of their loved ones. Excessively careful not to cause more hurt but desperate for contact, or to see some flicker of recognition from the person so still in the bed. And now that John was back, Sherlock’s eyes were suspiciously bright as his mouth attempted to hide the brimming sentiments with noise.
“Why have the act, then? If you both really felt for each other?” Sherlock shook his head ruefully; were they really so transparent? “Oh, no, don’t worry. I’ve just known John a very long time, and have seen him in love before.” Sherlock rubbed the back of his neck self-consciously as she went on. “I could tell he was holding something back, but it didn’t make sense since he was so obviously gone on you.”
Sherlock, momentarily stilled as he watched John, realized the wisdom of this arrangement – he would take the lead so as not to get overwhelmed, and at the same time could learn all those little details about John’s body that had been merely conjecture until now. Abruptly he couldn’t wait to begin, and leaned over John’s supine form to start with his shoulder scar. He observed it minutely, the starburst pattern of the exit wound faded to silver after all these years. He stroked sensitive fingertips over the uneven flesh, surprisingly smooth-skinned. John exhaled long and slow through his nose, blowing cool air over the back of Sherlock’s neck and causing the lean frame to shiver. Sherlock leaned in further to taste the skin, and John arched a bit to press into the contact.
John blinked. It felt like hardly any time had passed at all, and yet, as though he’d only ever been here, and the difficult events he remembered were some elaborate dream. But, how did he actually
“No problem, Sherlock,” John said magnanimously, turning his back and unslinging his towel to scrub over his chest with it. “It was about time I got out anyway, and they say a cold shock is good for the system after a sauna. Saved me having to take a cold shower, though I should still rinse off. I’m pretty sweaty.” He looked to his exercise clothes still draped over the bench, and bent down to grab the track pants, feeling the cool air of the room waft across his bum with the movement. A squeaking, choked sound from behind him had him whipping around in alarm, senses on high alert - to see Sherlock’s coat swirling as he swung back to face the wall again.
“Oh, ha very ha. You’re really okay with this? It might be a bit strange for you, after all. I don’t want to make you uncomfortable and then have things get all awkward with us. That’s not worth it to me.”
Amina taught the class with an indulgent eye and after John’s first breakout session with her octogenarian take-down team, they went back to the flat for a cuppa where she cackled maniacally at his groans and bruises. John consoled himself with the knowledge he was likely faster on a straightaway than either of his two white-haired classmates. Probably. Over long distances, surely.
A half-dozen young people, men and women alike uniformed in plaid flannel and artfully torn jeans, disappeared into the copse of trees that were the focus of his and Sherlock’s interest. One androgynous straggler hurried to catch them up, a reusable shopping bag of thin fabric slung over their shoulder. The footage hummed on, the park quieting as the evening crept in, and Bag of Hammers stepped onto the cobbled path, only minutes away from his appointment with death. Sherlock slowed the playback, peering intently at the victim-to-be. Hammers ambled slowly, smoking a cigarette and tossing the butt in a bin after bending to stub it out on the cobbles, before strolling a little further along the path with hands in pockets, utterly unconcerned.
“God yeah, I do.” John said with conviction. “I really do. He’s the most important person in my life. Him and Rosie, they’re what I have to live for. They deserve the best I can give them, don’t they?” John sat up and regarded Duck beseechingly. “Which, no matter how hard it might be, includes not taking myself out of the picture, and getting well so I can be with them.” He cuffed at his eyes with his sleeve, irked that he was bloody crying yet
The foreman groaned when he heard that that another part of his work site would need to be cordoned off while the forensics people did their work. “And do they have steel certificates, then? Or your own insurance, eh? I’m not gonna take responsibility for a load of city boys falling off my steelworks!” Lestrade turned to the task of calming the man, while Sherlock and John walked back toward the taped-off crime scene area.
When Sherlock nodded, John began to move. Slowly, smoothly, eyes fixed on his lover’s face for any sign of discomfort, he pulled back until he was at risk of popping free, then pressed in again, slowly, inexorably filling the place he had made for himself inside Sherlock’s body. Sherlock’s gaze stayed riveted to the man above him, his nerves alight with the sensation of John on him, in him, all around him. On the next pass, John skimmed over his prostate and he gasped as sparks shot up his spine.
John laid a towel on the bench near the trough of hot stones and sprinkled a few dippers of water from a bucket on the floor over them. Steam billowed up in a hissing cloud and John felt an itchy, tickling sensation as all the pores in his skin - on his back, his cheeks, his arms, even on his kneecaps, for god’s sake! - opened all at once. He shivered with the pleasure of it and sat down on his towel, arranging another smallish towel over himself to offer modesty in case someone came in.
He waved off her concern. Something about that statement niggled at him. “Not to worry. John will tell you I’m the last one to be proper at any gathering. So, what did Richard die of? An illness, I think John said?”
Spike was rattled; Sherlock had described the event in enough detail that he was remembering it clearly. “Mister D, I can’t tell you. It was ‘orrible.”
John shook himself mentally and refocused on their situation; his flare of sympathy and gratitude for Sherlock’s assurance that his daughter, and he, were helping to keep Sherlock on the straight and narrow was important, but could distract him from the danger they were in, if he let it.
“Of course not. Well then, you don’t need to say anything. I’ll tell you how it went, and you tell me where I get it wrong, then, yes? You had been trading sex for some of Mister Davies’ product with Ms. Wilmington. She had been asking to change the arrangement, had grown tired of your demands and rough treatment. Her boyfriend was starting to notice the evidence you left on her body, and she wanted to keep him almost as much as she needed the drugs.”
Sherlock’s mind was working frantically, parts falling into place with metallic clinks in his thoughts. Marjorie had learned John had lost his family, and was again alone. Her husband fell ill soon after. Her husband formulated his own vitamins. Marjorie was also a chemist. Richard’s symptoms… he couldn’t quite place them. Maybe John would know? He needed to talk to John.
Sherlock drew in an arm to put his fingers on his scar; it seemed like it should be pushing outward with all the pressure behind it, yet it wasn’t a painful sensation. He flipped his hand over to feel John’s chest, and discovered a rapid heartbeat beneath his palm.
) Ironic that Sherlock was the one who seemed to lack life when John was away. Sentiment, again. Always for John Watson. John kept him right, as he had declared to everyone they knew. How could he not have noticed how much his heart was on display in that bloody speech? Had he been so blind all along?
The clock on the wall read 6:37 AM when John opened crusted eyes after the latest round of his mental ‘Worst of Watson’ reel, and he groaned out loud. He had not managed to sleep longer than half an hour at a time. He hauled himself to sitting on the edge of the bed, gingerly setting bare feet on the cold floor with a curse and dropping his face in his hands.
John instinctively flipped the bird with both hands, and Duck’s ravaged laughter dispelled the last of John’s awkwardness. He perked up to discuss his release from the facility with renewed, though still reluctant, interest.
John twitched, startled, at the scratchy baritone voice calling his name from very close by. Sherlock crouched warily by his feet, brow creased with concern.
They pulled back to regard each other. “John,” Sherlock said, nothing hidden in his voice or on his face; how could he hide? There was so much. He didn’t think he had enough space in the mind palace to accommodate this entire interlude, but he was certainly going to try.
“Bet that killed the mood,” John snorted, gathering up some clean pajamas on his way to the shower. “Back in a few.” The bathroom door cut Sherlock off mid-sentence and John hurried to get himself cleaned up and re-dressed so as not to miss too much of the excitement. When he emerged five minutes later, scrubbed and pink, Sherlock had just crowed over an email he was reading from the phone in his hand.
To the folks who have been reading along, and who have gently, kindly let me know you're still out there, I can't thank you enough. I very much appreciate how understanding readers are of RL pressures and how they can derail the best intentions of writers. I think about this story every day, and am writing whenever I get a chance; and by all the gods, I promise I will finish this story! <3, Plants
“Yes, I’d say so,” Sherlock said absently, ruminating on what Aunt Brigid had implied with her comments. She had assumed John had feelings for him all along, and she knew John as well as anyone, having raised him through a difficult time in his life. And she seemed to think she had seen Sherlock’s own feelings, too – even before Sherlock had known of them. He might do well to have a conversation with her without John around, despite what treacherous hopes might result.
“Hide what?” Sherlock asked, motionless and unblinking. He held himself tightly in check, when he really wanted to shake his friend and yell “Who is she? Who will take you from me?!”
At the wedding itself spirits were high, toasts made, the happy couple ordered to kiss by choirs of tapped glasses and applauded when they complied. After the formalities of cake-cutting, first dances, and bouquet-throwing, a seemingly endless parade of distant relatives and friends of the family stopped by John’s table to bring him drinks, make remembrances of his parents, and ask after his schooling. Soon John was more than loose and feeling no pain.
“Not much more than an hour; I wandered the garden a little after I ran out of steam, then chucked it all and came back inside.”
“I couldn’t tell you, mate, we haven’t been watching the hallway. But naw, that’s my buddy Trevor’s room. She’s that uptight bitch in the room next to his, right? She called security on us last night because we was too loud, she says. It’s a bloody wedding party, o’course it’s loud!” the inebriated informant’s voice raised indignantly.
The door opened with a clunk of hardware, and Duck walked in with a folder crammed with paper in one hand. John was seized with a kind of breathless shock, seeing Sherlock and Duck together in one room. It hadn’t occurred to him that his therapist would come in person, but of course he would, wouldn’t he?
Sherlock looked at the envelope, again stamped with the deep maroon kiss mark. Inside was a sheet of paper, lightly scented with Lady Grey’s signature perfume, which John had had specially blended for his alter ego. He closed his eyes for a moment to savor it, then opened the note. Even his handwriting seemed more rounded, feminine, when John was Lady Grey.
Sherlock snorted and looked to the side, to cover his sudden flush and raised pulse rate. “Of course I did, usually you dress like a frumpy Grandad. It was a relief to see you look your own age,” he scoffed.
John pursed his lips, considering what to do next. His muscles were starting to feel his exertions of the morning now that he had cooled down. Duck’s suggestion of the sauna had stuck in his head, though, and why the hell not? Mycroft or someone was paying quite the pile for him to be here, he should take advantage of it. He grabbed a couple of towels and headed for the weight room and lockers. He’d have a nice sweat bath, and then a long shower before lunch, and see Sherlock later. Just the ticket.
John’s heart stopped with his horrified gasp, visions of Bart’s hospital all too ready to crowd to the fore, as he heard a panicked shout from below that sounded like Lestrade. Heedless of his own safety, John lurched forward and caught Sherlock’s flailing arm by the wrist, pulling him back upright and steadying him with the other hand around the strap on Sherlock’s chest as he rose to standing, grasping John’s wrist tightly in turn. They stared at each other for a breathless moment, arms clasped and eyes wide. John felt his heart resume its frantic thumping in his chest. Sherlock blew out a short breath, then shook himself back to a semblance of his usual cool demeanor, waving a negligent hand down at Lestrade’s bellowed “Jesus Christ, Sherlock, be careful!” - still, John marked the racing pulse beating under his hand and the pallor of his friend’s face.
Sherlock thought it a good idea to interject: “Spike, you will serve time for this, but if you give yourself up...” John elbowed him in the side to shut him up before the man’s rage turned on them.
Marjorie’s lip trembled. “But I’m not your sister. We’re not related at all. So it would be all right if you did… think of me like that.” She looked hopefully again at John, and when he didn’t reply, her face crumpled. A tear welled up. John felt his brain moving through molasses and wished he hadn’t drunk quite so much of Marjorie’s very good whiskey.
“Annnnd?” John echoed, still peering at the shopping bag when the penny dropped. “And - that’s a corner of a flannel shirt poking out the back through that little tear. Jesus, Sherlock, how… you saw that, with your mind half distracted on - well, on me, I guess, and you still picked that out? ‘S fucking amazing, you know that? Even after all this time, just… extraordinary.” John rocked back a half step, bowled over by the brilliance Sherlock demonstrated so casually, as if anyone could do it. He was itching to lean in and kiss Sherlock where he sat, so impressed was he.
Sherlock decided he would take his shirt off, and began with the buttons. He looked up at an unexpected sound from John – a sort of growling hum. He raised an eyebrow in question.
John held his hands up defensively at this outburst. “Christ, Sherlock, relax. I was asking if we were done here, as it’s getting dark, that’s all.” He started to head back to the crime scene tape, jamming his cold hands in his pockets and grumbling. “’Scuse me, I didn’t realize it was all
He felt his face crumple, tears starting to leak from his eyes. What must everyone think of him now? Can’t even do this one final thing right.
John pulled his gun from the small of his back and pointed it at the man’s head. He barked  “alright now, Spike, mate, stay right where you are. If you come one step closer, I will shoot you, do you understand?”
Sherlock reached over and grasped John’s forearm where it lay on the mattress. “You’d do the same, in my place, I have no doubt.” His brief, genuine smile showed again for an instant, and John felt a warm clench in his chest, followed by inevitable guilt.
The next weeks settled into an increasingly comfortable routine. John played with Rosie every day, with much enjoyment for them both. He started going to Amina’s beginner aikido class in addition to his runs with Duck, and found the discipline quieted his mind as much as learning new skills engaged his body. She was right about another thing, too - Norman and Joyce, a married couple who wore matching track suits to every class, had taken him under their wing and displayed a diabolical glee in thrashing him repeatedly with each new
Sherlock ignored the comment and complied matter-of-factly, wiggling a little into the chair cushion and leaning his head against the back, his hand held out on the chair's arm. John pulled his chair closer. "Just like last time, then, tune into your body in the chair, your breath in your chest, your feet on the floor. They're tapping, did you know? Never mind, it's fine. Just settle and breathe." John fell silent as Sherlock quieted himself.
John was always the caretaker, the strong one, the provider of comfort, by profession or by circumstance. Either that, or he was manfully refusing comfort when things got hard because he thought he shouldn’t need it. So this hug felt new, and actually quite lovely. Relief was not a true enough descriptor for the light, released feeling inside him at this moment. He could stay like this forever.
“What? Why? Why would that be true? Someone who knows you well would have a better chance of understanding the circumstances surrounding emotional issues.” He declared.
In perfect time with the blasts from the brass, Lady Grey planted the ferrule of the umbrella on the stage next to the prone form, and planted each foot in turn, on his back at chest and sacrum.
John looked around, perched as he was at the transition from the scaffolding to the steel. At his feet, several metal hangers were clasping the beam and slid up against the vertical he was leaning against, attached to long day-glow ropes ending in sturdy-looking carabiners hanging from a peg by his head. Another peg on the scaffolding held a few sets of harness made of nylon strapping. He grabbed one and held it up, considering. It looked a lot like some of the safety gear he’d used during his time in the army, and he carefully stepped into the loops and shimmied it up over his shoulders, clipping it securely over his chest.
“Oh, yeah. With Duck. Turns out he lost a foot in Iraq, in the same incident that damaged his voice box. Now he uses a prosthetic hook-blade thing for running, and said he does 10km a day with his clients, sometimes more. Made me tired just to hear him say it. The hook is a fascinating piece of technology; perhaps he’d let you come on a run with us sometime to check it out.”
He’d ask John’s opinion on cases that were in John’s specialties - medicine, or firearms, or tactics - or even sometimes only vaguely associated with them, and thanked or complimented him when he had something to offer. The glow of pleasure these moments produced in his chest were almost enough to drown out the dull monologue that ran beneath his thoughts.
“More fun with watermelons, I’d expect,” he countered, and looked back over to Amina, who snickered into her mug. He breathed a sigh of relief, and pushed away from the table. “Well, thank you for the tea. Are you all set for the afternoon with this one?” He stroked a hand over Rosie’s fair head, nodding when she assured him they were fine; planning a visit to the park later, if he wanted to come along?
“The evening’s entertainment consists of bingo with no stakes, or a screening of a recent film - a medical drama, I gather from the title, though you’d think they would choose something else for a facility like this,” and Sherlock was off out of the chair, leaving his teacup for John to collect onto his tray and bring over to the clearing station in the corner. Looking up, John shook his head; a flyer there advertised the night’s movie: “Doctor Strange.” He turned to follow his friend back to his room, biting his lip to keep his grin from breaking out.
Sherlock merely smiled and stepped forward to reach behind John for the zipper on the gown. The pseudo-embrace allowed him to breathe John in: perfume and sweat and makeup remover. He heard John inhaling deeply near his neck and releasing on a long sigh. “I missed you,” John whispered.
The next morning, as soon as John opened his eyes, he saw Sherlock leaning over him. “There’s a second bedroom upstairs that would make a good boudoir for Lady Grey,” he said casually, “if you and she might want to move in? Although, I’m afraid you’d have me as a flatmate...”
Which is when the wedding party arrived: including Stephen, his bride (Suzette? Susan? Shirley? Unimportant, anyway) Aunt Brigid and Uncle Tim… and Marjorie. They couldn’t leave now, with such a perfect opportunity to introduce the ruse to the reason it existed in the first place. A cold voice in his mind, unaffected by the turmoil in his body and thoughts, suggested that he likely looked somewhat rumpled, and John looked deliciously mussed himself. It would not take a genius to guess they had been, er -  canoodling; all the better to lend verisimilitude to their story.
“Not arguing with you there, mate,” Duck replied, then took pity on John’s stewing discomfort and adroitly changed the subject.
John’s face broke out into a smile. “Alright. But only for half an hour, if you please. Then I’d like to suggest we go back to our room for the afternoon.” The smile took on a devilish quality.
In the face of this wisdom, John lost his desperate bid to remain stoic. He sobbed into Sherlock’s shoulder, his arms slipping around the lean torso, clinging pitifully while something deep down, full of fetid, spiraling recrimination and inward-focused hatred, cracked open and in the tiniest trickle, drop by slow, minuscule drop, began to drain away.
John’s head snapped back around and he stared a moment, then huffed a quiet chuckle. “Thanks,” he said, shaking his head a little. “Never thought I’d need it for a case, but I’m glad it came in useful.” Good humor somewhat restored, John led the way to the bar, pulling Sherlock by the hand.
John expected to feel irritated, but instead was washed with relief. He didn’t have to tell Sherlock what his night had been like, the man was reading it off him like letters on a page. No words needed.
“You are confident that John is ready to be discharged,” Sherlock said, no hint of a question in the statement.
As he approached his door, he became aware of some sort of commotion near his room. There were voices raised, and a collection of patients and a few staff gathered in the hallway, gawking.
“Just here,” Sherlock indicated the scratches on the vertical, which were lower than his own eye level, but just about right for John’s. He plastered himself against the iron, peering around it in the direction of the piles of rubble where the body lay.
Instead, the greying Detective Inspector rose from his chair with a blinding white smile and crossed to John, clamping him in a tight hug for a moment, then slapping him on the shoulder as John blinked in befuddled pleasure. “John, mate, it’s great to see you!” Lestrade’s graveled voice was boisterous with cheer and relief. “This one’s been lost without you,” he said pointedly, indicating Sherlock who was rolling his eyes. “He’s been making the uniforms cry, he’s wound so tight.”
Duck smiled wide and nodded. “Sometimes just fucking putting it out there, pulling the plaster in one go, can shake you up in a necessary way. This facility is wonderful for helping people come back from the brink,” he pierced John with his intense stare again. “But you won’t learn how to stay healthy in your own life unless you go back to it at some point.”
Perhaps John could feel it, because on his next turn, he obviously spotted Sherlock in the audience. John’s eyes traveled down his figure, then back up again, and as they locked stares, Sherlock saw John’s chest heave as he gasped, and his partner wobbled as John flubbed a step. The fox shook his head minutely, a sort of ‘get it together’ motion, and then clearly avoided looking at Sherlock again for the rest of the dance routine. Sherlock leaned back with a smirk of his own. The Bowie wannabe look was clearly a success; he couldn’t remember a time he had
