Tony sighed. He wanted to ask Howard about it but he figured being thrown into the future was traumatic enough. Plus he didn’t know how. So Tony just grabbed his StarkPad and handed it to Howard.
"I think that's what's going to be necessary to make me believe this." Tony said as he tried to push the kid away. But his dad seemed stuck on him. That would have been cute had this kid been someone other than his dad. Well, they still won't know that if he's Tony's dad for sure until the test results. Tony looked at Steve, mouthing "HELP ME!" As he once again tried to pry the kid off of him. His dad must have been all of, what? Five, six? There is no way a six year old should be this damn strong. Steve shrugged helplessly until his eyes lit up in a way that meant he had a plan. Tony was glad he had finally snapped out his daze.
“What if you leave me too?” Howard said, still crying on Tony’s shoulder. Tony sighed, he knew he shouldn’t say this, especially since the kid has already been burnt once and Tony could easily get killed in his line of work but…
“Green light?” Thor echoed. Howie nodded and laid his head on Tony's shoulder, burying his face in Tony's neck. In the day Tony has known (reknown? relearned? rediscovered?) Howie, he realized a pattern. Howard completely avoided things he didn't want to talk about. Tony's dad had a more blunt and rude way of going about it but the trait was the same.
“And how’s the puppy going to feel if the mechanic has to break his promise and send him back home.” Steve chimed in. Though he was looking down at Howie in sympathy. Howard had been his best friend after all. And if Tony could get
But this wasn't really time travel, was it? It was…body copypasta. Soul recycling.
"No, I would never let anyone hurt you." Tony said sincerely. It seemed like that was the right thing to say since Howard calmed a little, laying his head on Tony's shoulder.
"Why do you need to put it in my mouth?" Howard asked. Tony pursed his lips; how does one explain DNA testing to a child from the twenties? Apparently Bruce and Steve didn't have an answer to take question either since they just stared at Howard dumbfoundedly and then looked at Tony. Apparently it was his turn again.
Howie nodded, "Yeah, I saw a bright orange before I fell out."
"I'm still hungry." Howard told Steve as he pulled on the blonde's pants leg. Steve nodded and picked him up.
“He’s from the
Howard was blown away. “Oh my God, that’s amazing!” Tony chuckled as he knelt to Howie’s level.
“I like that name. I don’t like Howard. My dad’s name is Howard.” Howie said, very quiet and meekly. Tony’s brow furrowed. He actually didn’t know that. Howard never talked about Tony’s grandfather…or his grandmother for that matter. And Howard seemed to be really fond of her. The few times he mentioned her it was always with a smile. Tony sighed, looking at how Howie’s demeanor went from carefree to constrained and fearful in a matter of second.
"It's alright. I'm used to kids being scared of me." Bruce said and Tony had to laugh.
Howie nodded, “I know her.” he said.
“It’s fantastic!” Howie yelled gleefully. Tony noted that he would have to teach Howie modern slang very soon. Tony got up and walked over to him.
Thor’s eyes widened with shock, looking at Tony as if he had told Howie to say that.
"Howard, how old are you?" Bruce asked suddenly. It was a random question but Tony figured he had a reason for asking. Howard eyed him warily and looked up at Tony who nodded.
"Hey little guy, are you hungry?" Steve asked as he knelt down to Howard's level. The boy quickly released Tony and turned to Steve, nodding fervently. Tony tried to ignore the sudden jealousy rising in his chest but really, out of all of them here, Steve knew Howard better than anyone. But then again this was Howard as a kid and he was already a million times different than Tony thought he would have been. Maybe this wasn't his dad. Steve grabbed Howard's hand and started leading him out but Bruce stopped them.
"I didn't think I would be either." Tony said, thinking about his parents. His mother was better than his dad had been but…not by a large margin.
"I believe you're father has been revived in his boyhood body, probably before a crucial moment that set him on a bad course." Thor explained. "This has happened before. The infinity stones like to occasionally give second chances."
“Well I think you’re very good and deserve lots of toys.” Tony said as he started walking out the lab towards his car lot. He knew he probably wasn’t wise to take his dad from the past out into two thousand and twelve but it seemed worth it to see that surprised smile from Howard. Plus, Howard was going to have to find out at sometime. Since Tony was pretty much planning on never sending him back to whatever horror his dad just left.
Shocking the ever loving shit out of Tony. Because she came WAY down the road in Howard's life. WAY down.
But this one was past even him.
He really, really hoped Howie wasn't being abused by his dad. It almost fucked Tony up just by thinking about it. He could never imagine living through it.
didn't know how to handle this situation. Just comforting a kid was hard enough but a traumatized kid... Tony leaned down and picked him up
That shocked Tony so bad, he literally almost dropped Howie. His arms went slack. Had it not been for Howie's quick reflexes and him grabbing hold of Tony, Howie would have splatted on the floor.
“We did good out there today,” Steve said, when the kiss ended.
“MY couch, I don’t care,” Tony assured him firmly, working Steve’s double layer of pants down where he wanted them and pushing him back down.
“He sounds like a good man,” Steve said.
“-That needs to be replaced,” he stated, pointing out the latch.
“————–Ste—————–ven—————–!!”
Tony thought.
“Come on,” said Steve, steering him.
Tony finished fitting the end of a wire into the connector plug he was rebuilding, and put it down.  Steve had pulled the mattress out of the furniture huddle earlier, and fallen asleep on it without putting the bed frame together.  His dreams seemed to have darkened since then, however…
Peter was busy with the books for about an hour, and then he got… bored.  He’d hoped he could talk to Tony about what was going on with Harry, but
Awakening in the dark, Tony felt warmth against the side of his cheek.
The man spun with the impact of the blow, pulling Tony to the floor with him.
Tony looked up at him curiously.
“-No.  But by freaking out like a little schoolgirl, you may be making people less likely to work with you without even realizing you’re doing it,” Tony explained.
Power instability warning light.  Oh, that fucking
They were moving together again now, moving as only Steve could -make- them move.  Tony felt his eyes beginning to slip closed, remembered abruptly that he was the one
“Come on.  One kiss, and then I’ll leave you alone to do your caterpillar- cocoon- whatever,” Tony promised, illustrating the shape of the blankets by twirling one hand vaguely in the air.
Marvin Stavros, aide to Senator Byrd, stepped back off the edge of the platform with an air of resolution, and dropped.  He fell for two point one seconds, and was snagged by a flying web line.  Spider-Man looked down at the startled beaurocrat from the underside of the platform, and waved.
Matt -stopped-, and turned to face the radio.
“Yes, I GOT that part,” Iron Man agreed testily, squeezing together a steel ladder into a ball that he could throw like a child making a snowball.
Once he had his helmet back on, he took in the security cameras and wiring system.
- -the teeth of a SHIELD ambush.  Oh, the agents had given it the old college try… but they’d only had standard gliders, not whatever that thin, sled-looking thing was, and they hadn’t known about the multiband jamming.
Thought Tony.
“Ah- …S-  St- Ahh…”
Tony braced his shoulders hard against the tiled wall of the shower, and lowered his head, whimpering a little in the back of his throat.  His left hand dropped to a grab-bar that had been in the shower above his garage, and slid helplessly against the smooth ceramic tiling without finding it.  Tony’s fingers clenched into a fist at his side instead.
chicken out at this point, the way he had once turned down a very interesting offer from Pvt. Finn in Marseilles…
Tony reacted instantly, braking and coming up under where the man would be, and… looked up.
“-Nuts,” Peter winced.
“Well, actually all you need is a compressed gas cylinder,” Tony explained, “-a can of PAM or hairspray would work too.”
A long slash crossed her forearm diagonally where she’d raised it to ward off a sword-cut.  The blow had parted the tempered steel skin with barely a dent, severed a bundle of wiring underneath at an angle, and sheared through two mechanical linkages.
Some of those young gods were dead now, sinking slowly into the rich soil of foreign jungles, or making their mark on the world in bloodstained office carpeting.
“I don’t know,” Tony swallowed, “-want another one?”
Tony looked deep into his sky blue eyes with relief, and kissed him warmly.
…!”  Steve grabbed Tony’s upper arm.
?”  He asked, after a moment.
Tony did so, and blinked a little.
“Show me,” Tony decided, on impulse.
Pause.
“You’re going to be back after class to do January, right?”  Tony asked, handing Peter a second pancake roll-up.
Steve’s loft, 3:45 PM.
“You missed your callin’, Rogers,” Fury said grudgingly, biting his cigar again, “-but you do realize you just handed this country a PR nightmare, right?”
Something about a computer system upstate with a P.O. Box that Peter had
“-Until you work up the balls to try it, yeah,” Tony teased.
Tony dismissed the question as something to ferret out of Peter later.
“As you knew very well!”  Peter accused.
Peter’s ankle by the force of their own brutal gripping strength.
”  Tony answered, testily.
“Good morning,” Steve said, padding in and filling a coffee cup from the pot Tony had brewed earlier.
“Yeah, all right.”
Harry scowled, increasingly irritated with his subject.
The line showed when the Racer moved though, cut leather flexing open and he leaned into the air in from of him, and braked, body twisting with near-unbelievable speed as he turned, braked, leaned sideways, cut right angles against the walls of buildings, pushed over the top, anything to stay one step ahead.
“But how would the Green Goblin get ahold of a SHIELD glider in the first place?”  Peter wanted to know.
“…Has anybody called his dad yet?”  Peter asked, worried.
“…Do you want to dance?”  Steve asked.
Tony sat for long minutes, staring out at nothing.  He flexed his hands slowly within his gauntlets, and listened to the notes of the metal, the familiar felt-but-unheard clicks, the low whirr of the barely-actuating servos that he knew inside-out…  Tony’s eyes paused on the refrigerator once or twice, but they didn’t linger there.  He didn’t need a drink
“Sign it,” Tony laughed, tapping a finger in the lower right-hand corner.
Tony was surprised he hadn’t spotted it earlier himself, but he also had to admit privately that he’d rather let the bastard fall.
“Go ahead,” Steve smirked.
Avenger’s Tower basement, 4:40 PM (same day).
“…Okay.  A little thirsty and weird.  …How did I get here?”  Peter asked, sitting up on his elbows.
Tony shut his eyes tight, and breathed in the cold air of a New York winter.  Shades of damp, and clean ocean air, and overlapping layers of car exhaust.
The camera cut to another reporter interviewing a uniformed cop on the street.
“Mm.  Hey, Spider…”  Tony muttered, and- -paused, frowning.  “-Since when do you put your boots on the counter, and how many cups of that coffee have you had?”
The two looked at each other, momentarily stunned.
Steve smiled wryly.
Peter took Harry’s left hand in both of his, and though he didn’t waken, Harry’s fingers closed slightly.
Hank didn’t share well period, in Tony’s experience…
Someone else in the audience demanded.
He slapped his faceplate down, and launched out the window.
Steve thought about sliding a hand around either side of Tony’s waist, and pressing a kiss against the back of his neck.
Steve was -asking- him, not just slinging orders, and there was a great deal to be said for keeping your friends close and your enemies closer…
you reading?”  He asked.
Steve sighed, and let him up.
Tony unzipped his grease-stained blue coveralls, and stepped out of them.
The rich scent of turkey and stuffing was beginning to pervade the long room.  Tony poured himself a few fingers of bourbon, drank off a long swallow of the stuff with great complacency, and finished the rest as he put one of the pies together.  He’d never had much luck with side-dishes, but things that had to be mixed and
F-11    Immigrant Song            Led Zeppelin
“I’m good,” he smiled instead.
“-My thoughts exactly,” Tony smiled, stretching his arms up over his head.
“…I owe you one, don’t I?”
think you could stand before the master of the
Pause.
“Oh, I gotcha.  -Well, watch that first step,” Jerome smiled, waving.
- “-I just hit the um… …what can I do for you?”  Tony asked, slipping his sunglasses back on.
Steve looked around the room while he waited, hands clasped behind his back.
“-What about you?”  Tony wanted to know.
Peter started back slightly, but maintained his balance upside-down.
He smiled, and stretched across the rumpled bed in every direction, hands fisting.
“It’s good to see you again,” Steve said.
He was sharing the bathroom here with Tony of course, but there was something about the way the mechanic couldn’t seem to get through a single teeth-brushing session without trying to talk around the toothpaste suds that made that strangely worthwhile…
“No, no, this is somebody else,” Tony promised, pressing ‘A-10’, then ‘PLAY’.
Laughing triumphantly, the Red Skull wished his Captain America disguise away and his own rightful mask back in place by the power of the cube.
Pause.
“It’s a freezer,” Tony replied, without really explaining anything.
“Well- -yes.  But I think you got my point,” Tony admitted.
Tony sighed, and took a drink from the cup in his hand absently, forgetting that it wasn’t coffee.
“Open your eyes,” Steve smiled, against the back of Tony’s hair.
flowers.  The smooth, organic perfection.  The way they looked classy, and opened doors.  Colors that burned, and cooled.  Soothed, hinted, and celebrated.
Peter flinched with the effort of not catching it.
“Scrambled eggs Casablanca,” Tony called back over his shoulder enigmatically.
Sliding out from under the car by the chassis, Tony stood up and glared at the back of the slim, wavy-haired kid leaning happily over the jukebox.
Tony’s eyes narrowed, and he moved.  His knees sunk into the couch on either side of Steve’s hips, and he took the blonde’s strong-jawed face in both hands to kiss him from an up-angle.
, and Steve was a solid lodestone in front of him, and he could
“Well, I can’t exactly ask War Machine to fess up now, can I?  Not without implying that I had him followed.  …Avengers have to trust each other, Tony.”
from the jukebox though, and in the past he’d never cared for it.
It took Tony two full seconds to realize that he was looking at surrender.
“Steve-?”  Tony called over to him.
Tony leaned one hand against the jukebox and pushed the required buttons, his back towards Steve.  He was wearing a short sleeve collared shirt that he’d bought in Jamaica unbuttoned over one of his whiter A-lines, and a pair of clean blue jeans with a small stain of dribbled epoxy along the outside of the right knee.
Steve’s back looked stiff, and he was holding his shield an inch or two up and closer to his body than he usually did.  Tony frowned mentally and slid down off the fire truck, meeting him halfway.
Steve underlined
“What IS this place…?”  Peter breathed, staring out at the deserted town.  A thin layer of smoke seemed to be everywhere, lingering and turning the horizon into a half-guessed object.
“What’cha doing sitting in the dark, Spider?”  Tony asked, spooning ground coffee into the filter.
, but…
Tony reached down for a quarter-inch wrench, fingers passing knowingly over the tools laid out on the towel beside him, and locating it by feel.  He inched his body a little further beneath the Mustang, pulling the towel along with him by one smudged corner.
“Hm?  Um… yes?”  Tony blinked, focusing.
“Do you want me to stop?”  He asked, aloud.
“Very true,” Hank agreed.
him, even if it were possible…) and yanking the cube out of the wall after him by the still-attached webline.
Tony reached down, and cupped the side of Steve’s face in his hand.  The light of the arc reactor made him look more than human somehow, like an angel with a strangely misplaced halo.  He brushed Steve’s lips with his thumb, and his face became calm.  Steve’s lips parted, and he licked Tony’s fingerprint.
“That’s Peter, he works for me.”
“Ah-!”  The metal was cool, not exactly cold, and it adhered slightly to the faint sheen of nervous sweat along the crease of Tony’s spine.  The metal warmed quickly against his skin.
with flexibility like that…
If he’d been wearing the Mark VIII, this would have been
The galvanized steel around the edges of the hole had actually been
Peter’s alarm clock went off.
Easton’s world narrowed to just that hard, demonically leering visage as the Green Goblin’s purple-gloved hand drew back with a pumpkin bomb held high, and he fired.
“…I hate watching you do that,” Misty admitted.
Steve stroked the back of Tony’s dark hair gently, and caught one of Tony’s hands fumbling with the belt-buckle of his trench coat as if of its
“Weh… I…  …You’re all right now,” Steve repeated, as if that made sense.  His face was probably close to the color of Iron Man’s -breastplate-…
this thing must be conductive, Tony thought, with a faint shiver.
Harry let out the breath, and gave Peter a very unguarded and grateful smile.
Pause.
“Sustained reaction…” he breathed, “-but… that’s impossible, it would take over fifty thou-” Iron Man grabbed the front of Steve’s scale-mail shirt by the star.  “-What did you just shock me with?!”
Aunt May’s flower bed, before the nights had turned to frost.
Most of the time, Steve walked like a normal man.
“I will give you my answer as soon as I can,” he promised, and left.
“-Yes.”
It was going to be one of
Midtown Public High School, 1:12 PM.
Something about the breastplate’s shape reminded Steve of…
The last drop of molten solder set into place around its copper and steel connection, and Tony studied the leftovers on his- -Steve’s desk by the hiss of the dead channel.  He’d been able to re-bend the radio-cup earpieces back into shape with his transistor-powered gauntlets, just a reverse of how he autographed aluminum baseball bats and sections of steel pipe by squeezing, really…
.  He fought like a man possessed, and Tony caught a heavy red boot to the side of the head in the melee.  He stumbled momentarily, his grip loosening-
“…Steve?”  Tony blinked.
“Sure,” Tony locked wrists with the man, and returned him to his suspended platform.
like that, yeah.”
No gunfire.  No grenade being thrown into the room.  Nobody yelling at him in Vietnamese.
Tony demanded.
…And he’d had the sense to let her go when Hank had gotten his act together and come back, because while Tony might have been able to take on Hank, there had been no arguing with the wordless apology in Jan’s lovely blue eyes.
close, part of Steve’s mind muttered uneasily.
“Where’s Steve?  Is he meeting us there?”
Tony’s kitchen, 6:20 AM.
Steve paused, hands cupped around Tony’s back just beneath his shoulder blades, fair skin painted in pale blue light and shadows.  Steve’s blonde hair fell forward a little from Tony’s angle, and the light from the arc reactor made the very edge of it glow white, like exposed fiber-optic cable.
Steve folded the computer printout of War Machine’s file back up, and frowned.
“I wasn’t making fun of you, you know,” Steve said.
“Yeah Spider, what is it?”  Tony answered, absently.
Tony tightened his scan, and began searching under individual scales one by one, like a small animal searching under the leaves of a plant for insects.
, and I have been chasing your tar-baby ass all over this city since midnight on
Tony sighed disappointedly, sat up, and rubbed the back of his neck.
days, Peter reflected with a sigh.
“Why?”  Harry demanded, too quickly.
“Heh.  Right, right…” the young fireman grinned, clapping him on the shoulder, “-I’ll see you around, man.”
“Last I checked, your Avengers were fine,” Tony reassured him, “-they’re out looking for you, actually.”
Wanda.
The saucer-like craft dodged frantically to avoid Iron Man’s repulsor blasts, and clawed for the upper atmosphere as fast as it’s quantum-engines would go.  Tony was falling behind and he knew it, but there was always a chance that whoever was piloting that thing would make a mistake… he switched to onboard oxygen, and climbed higher.
“You should let me show you sometime,” Tony offered, with a smirk.
“Welcome to the future, Steve,” Tony said, wryly.
The late thirties could lump it, Tony decided.
Another kiss followed it, and another.  Tony felt his face and neck flushing warmly, and he couldn’t catch his breath, and he didn’t care-
Steve’s doubts came back in a rush, and he swallowed, his throat going dry.
“Not so far as I heard,” Ben replied, frowning a little, “How d’ya feel?”
The guy just didn’t -act- like the Goblin.  And he flew like… he
“You were a Captain,” Steve observed, looking back over his shoulder with a wry grin.
The Goblin flew through the mall like some untimely Halloween specter, swooping between the height of the upper and lower floors through the open air of the mezzanine as shoppers on both levels screamed around him.  He sliced through a hanging ‘thanksgiving day sale’ banner, angling the glider so that one of the razor-sharp front fairings parted the cable from which it hung with a sharp twang.  The ends of the cable snapped apart with the violence of thin steel whips, lashing against the sides of the upper mezzanine as the banner fell, and the Green Goblin’s pace hadn’t even slowed.
Cap handed him the notepaper and pencil back.
of course,” Tony cut in, cheerfully sarcastic, “-dont’cha read the papers?”
Their eyes met over the arc, neither one could keep from laughing.
“YOU,” Tony pointed at Peter as he strode up to the bed.
Thinking about why brought him to tightly-focused thoughts about art pencils and shading, though.  Tony was his boyfriend, but he had been Steve’s best friend in this modern age
“You are the strangest man I have ever known,” Whitney smiled.
Tony left Steve to finish putting himself back together, and returned to the Harley.
“…Steve?”  Tony blinked.
Tony rolled off the shield, and thrust his hand down off the edge of the bed with a bestial snarl.
out of costume…  I was seeing this court stenographer once.  Lovely black girl with plum-colored lipstick before it really caught on, and these
“Hey,” Steve murmured, and kissed his shoulder again.  He paused a moment or two, then added, “I need to-“
Tony’s bedroom, 8:12 PM (same day).
Steve grinned and climbed into bed, touching a curve of the brass bed frame with his fingers as he did so.  ‘Hungry’ or not, Tony had a kiss waiting for him.
“Technical journals… some books on the history of the French revolution- -those were really dry… and this set of red-covered encyclopedias that went on forever…  I saw my first set of breasts in one of those.”
“Because SHIELD takes care of its own, one way or another,” War Machine told him.
He was a blanket, and a pair of living handcuffs.
Steve took off his coat and shield, and sat.
Pause.
On the other side of the warehouse, Spider Man was muttering expressions his aunt would have frowned upon, and tearing at the twisted cords of webbing that the Whirlwind had blown him back into with his fingers.  Good thing the quick-whirling thug had a fondness for monologueing, or he could have gotten clean away by now…
“…D’ I break you?”  Tony panted, head still down.
“Oh, I don’t know… nineteen seventy one’s not so bad,” Steve began, carefully.
Neither one spoke for a long moment.
Harry seized the paintbrush in his left hand, and swiped a long, quick smear across the canvas horizontally.
“I… don’t really know yet,” Peter admitted, in a voice that sounded dangerously close to cracking.  “I told him, and… at first he was just shocked, you know?  And then he was like, ‘that’s cool, man,’ and… Then I went over how that was why I kept disappearing, and why I never said anything to MJ, and- -then he got upset and said I shouldn’t have treated him like a child, and I said-” Peter broke off, and sighed.  He ran a hand back through his damp, mask-flattened hair.  “Well… Harry spent the night at his dad’s house.”
A softly glowing yellow-white triangle appeared in the shadows off to his left, followed by the faint whirr of the armor powering back up.
Tony could feel a slight tremor in Steve’s chest, belying his calm, careful hands.  Tony couldn’t help him.  Not yet.
To enjoy the feel of her, and the scent of her body reawakening, beneath whatever the hotel used that smelled like dry roses.
“There’s no-where else I’d rather be,” Steve promised, quiet but clear.
Tony shrugged out of the shoulder straps on his second try, and Steve guided the shield the rest of the way down off of his arms.  He set the shield aside, and gathered Tony back against his chest, skin to skin.
” Tony decided, with a note of satisfaction.
“O-kay, you just broke a truce I had with Luke, but you didn’t know about it, so I’m pretty sure this won’t count,” Tony calculated, optimistically.
been able to get the straight story on…
Somewhere over the Atlantic Ocean, 6:30 PM (same day).
“Do it and I’ll tell on you,” Tony promised.
“No, no, no, I’m all right-”
Tony advanced on the jukebox, and plugged it back in.  He and pressed ‘COINS’, ‘0’, and ‘PLAY’ together.  The jukebox unselected
Oh.  Okay-
“…What?”  Tony asked, looking up at him with a commendably straight face.
, Tony promised himself.
Tony retreated to the kitchen table with a look of guilty humor.  …Then he went back for a thick stack of mail on the corner, and dropped it on the table between his chair and Peter’s.
A radio bungee-corded into place on one side of the platform was playing
“-Oh, I know where that is.  L’Institute Polytechnique is there now.  You can get the
Tony swore, and pressed his open mouth against Steve’s shoulder without -quite- biting down.  His eyes shut tight, and he used Steve’s weight above him as a personal fulcrum, a stop-plate, a limiter that allowed
, and retrieved his shield from its place against the bedside table.
“You have way too much time on your hands,” Peter observed.
“It’s very important to practice resisting interrogations, Captain Stark,” Steve pointed out, virtuously.
“Yeah…”  Tony didn’t elaborate.
“Tony, please open this door.”
“Who?”  Steve asked, peeling an orange without looking at it.
This was the edge across which the two men Steve -was- blurred.
You are only
“…Why is the ice cream half-eaten?”  Tony asked, suspiciously.
“I’m sure he does,” Tony snorted.
Tony’s kitchen, 6:55 AM.
A day to stay in, and see what it would
Steve swallowed, and lifted the waistband of Tony’s boxers down, careful not to snag him.  That was never fun, and since he knew-
Tony’s breath caught momentarily, and his hand closed through the short blonde hair at the back of Steve’s neck, on nothing.
Steve’s breath ghosted across his chest just above the arc, and he brought his right hand into play, doing something to the curve of Tony’s lower back with the ball thumb that-
“I can pay you, you know.”
Tony swallowed, quietly.
That… would be the right thing to do, wouldn’t it?
he barked, keying his helmet radio.
“NO!  The power must be
“Yes, he’s a natural redhead.  Get over it,” Tony said, flatly.
The second one was still gaining, but-
“Well, let me know if you develop any new super-powers,” Tony said, only half kidding.
“Peter my boy, if you keep walking in on me up here, you are gonna get a nasty surprise one of these days…” he said, tersely.
…Then he spotted a pretty red-headed girl arguing with a black-haired jock on the outskirts of the milling graduation-day crowd, and perked up considerably as the jock stalked off in a rejected huff.  Harry drifted away towards the girl without a backwards glance, as if pulled by the force of gravity.
“No, no, no, you put the cheese in -later-…”  Tony objected.
?          What’s Going On            Marvin Gaye
“Yeah, just- -lemmie catch my breath, here…” the man nodded.
Hard to concentrate on that question.
“Good.  See if he can do something about those radios of yours,” Steve said, touching one of the crushed red disks on Tony’s helmet.
“Can I come in with you then?”  Tony asked, goosing him in the ribs.
you revealed it?
“-Why?”  Tony asked, flatly.
“Oh, that was just to hang up the IR projectors,” Tony explained, “-I couldn’t reach, so I flew.”
“…How did
“Steve… hey, what took you so long?”  Tony smiled, coming over.
Tony began putting his scanning equipment back in its box.
?”  Tony demanded, looking back over his shoulder with a slightly wild light in his eyes.
He’d fucking MISSED!
Peter began, almost squelching out the channel.
“-That bad?”
A sudden unorthodox mental picture of King Arthur and Sir Gawain occurred to him, and Tony actually blushed a little.
“You have
“Hi Tony,” Peter greeted him, miserably.
“Hey,” Tony murmured, somewhere in the vicinity of Steve’s ear.
, two identical plies of cowhide machine-stitched together, worn smooth in places from daily use, and heavy as a damned -horse- collar in Tony’s hand…
The wind-toughened face above the window-washer’s light blue cold-weather coveralls was pale, and sweating.
Tony clapped his free hand over Peter’s mouth through the Spider-Man mask, and gave him a weak, lopsided smile.  Then he concentrated for a moment, and his breathing eased.  Peter’s shoulders relaxed visibly.  Tony patted the side of Peter’s masked face, then braced a hand on his costumed shoulder, and stood.
Tony paused just inside the low-walled enclosure of where the walls had been and exhaled, his breath visible in the chilly air.
When he got his notebook back though, Tony saw a pretty little dark-haired hula girl with a few backup-dancing palm trees sketched into the background behind her.
“Steeve-?”
“-Okay,” Tony nodded quickly, now not sure exactly -what- Steve’s plan was, but having deduced that it involved one or both of them getting a blowjob.
Tony put a hand on the middle of Steve’s back, and left it there.  He didn’t talk.
Belgian coffee, right over the border,” Tony was saying.
“No!”  Steve replied, beginning to sound exasperated.
“The things I do for my country…”  Steve sighed, through what finally sounded like a smile.
Steve made a choked, unhappy noise.  His shoulders shook a little.
Tony kissed him.
kind with Colonel Fury.
War Machine kneed him.  The impact came hard, striking the back plates of Tony’s armor with a tooth-jarring clang, and driving him forwards.
?”  Tony repeated.
Tony remembered suddenly.
“Holy cats-!”  He gulped, “-Sorry, boss.”
He seemed to take up more oxygen than most people did.
Tony broke that train of thought off sharply with an unconscious sigh, hands deep in the pockets of his jacket.
Tony remembered hovering in the center of the garage after completing the Mark IV armor, feet together, palms downwards.  Even the faint vibration of flight had felt smoother, muffled by the new shock-padding.
Peter would throw if he thought he wasn’t going to be an only student anymore?"  Tony smirked.
“-Oh.  Well, that’s all right then…”  Steve smiled.
“I can see you’re a busy man, so I’ll come straight to the point.  Have you worked on anything for Captain America recently?“
The radio parts -inside- were another story, and it had only been by canning pieces from both shattered radios that he’d gotten the right-hand one working again.  The left would have to wait until he could get to a radio shack or a pawn shop or something.
Luke wrapped a massive hand across the driver’s mouth, and looked back at the other two.
When he pressed a small metal stud on the side of his desk-lamp though, the desk light switched to a dim, pale-violet color, and a cleanly-drawn circuit diagram appeared on the yellowed pages of the manual in thin lines of luminescent blue.
“Boss, are you okay?  I came as soon as your locator beacon went off, can you breathe?  You sound like that creepy guy from the water department who used to call Aunt May at two in the m-”
“See you later, Tony.”
“…Yeah.  Good thinking,” Steve nodded.
“Likewise, sir.”
…Without saluting, Steve noted.  Either he’d finally managed to rattle the man, or it -had- been an affectation on War Machine’s part.
“No, tha’s not-” Tony began, trying to pull his arm free, “-leggo ‘a me…  I have to do this.”
Peter fidgeted with his Coke, but as always, was too polite to bolt before he finished it.
“-It’s not by that singer who calls himself ‘Alice’, is it?”  Steve asked, warily.
“I told Harry,” Peter said, studying a scratch on the worn white paint of the tabletop.
“-He’s the kind that lasts,” Tony shrugged, shutting his toolbox.
,” Tony began, flipping a few pages forwards and pointing to a newly-revealed diagram labeled ‘fuel system’.  “-These four white wires connect the fuel injection system to the throttle module over
He had the base color, the outline…  he could probably finish it from here, and it would look -almost- right.
“You didn’t get doused in Adhesive X, did you?”  Tony asked, looking down at the blanket-roll suddenly.
“-Gimmie a minute,” Tony mumbled happily, without moving.
“-That’s what I thought,” Tony snorted, unsurprised, “-not that they’re actually doing anything illegal…”
Tony paused, and glanced up quickly before looking back down into the workings of her arm and nodding.
one who loved flying as much as he did.
Radio    White Room                Cream
“I heard about that,” Steve said, rubbing the back of Tony’s neck with the gloved fingers of his right hand.
Steve reached over, and touched Tony’s face.
He turned around and rummaged in one of the middle drawers of the tall tan filing cabinet, coming up with what appeared to be the manual for a commercial air conditioning unit circa 1964.
Steve finished half his orange juice, then got up and set the table.
“Well, it could have been a woman,” Danny admitted, “-but I definitely saw someone riding a glider.”
Tony put the plans back in the filing cabinet, and thought for a moment.
Tungsten,” Steve corrected, smiling up at him smugly.
It wasn’t a perfume nor strictly sweet, but it brought the changing room of a cabaret he’d once visited in the thirties to mind with such vivid clarity that Steve felt his face flush.
He stared the gunner in the face, and turned up all the indicator lights in his helmet for a moment, making the eye slits in his face-plate appear to flash white.  The gunner put his hands up, and paled.
,” Tony told him.
The steel Avenger’s distorted voice seemed to pause strangely on the word, though whether it was from shock or simply choked with anger Tony couldn’t tell.
A perfect fusion, a rising pressure-wave of liquid heat that swept through Tony’s body and -owned- him, and Steve held him down
Peter nodded, and drank some of his milk.
“Okay…”  Tony breathed, steadying a little.
“I sent the team in,” Fury acknowledged, “-but when I find out who was behind that bomb, I promise I’ll save ya a piece.”
…Though it went without saying that by resting as close to the bed as it did, the shield took its chances.
“Hell no!  I mean if yez gonna wish fer a pony, try a herd a’mustangs while yer at it.  Ya never know…”
to get attention.
Tony crouched down, sitting back on his own heels, elbows on his knees.  They could see each other better from this angle, and Tony saw that the man in the box wasn’t as old as he’d thought.  -About Steve’s age, in fact, if Steve had never been frozen…
Then slowly, he nodded.
“Oh-!  -Hello…”  Peter said, awkwardly.
“Hel-looo-o?”  Peter called through the door, after knocking a second time.
Peter had gravitated over to the group by now, and for once it was Harry who hung back a step, resisting the urge to still his hands by shoving them deep in his pockets of his cords.
Steve watched the older man’s eyes seethe for a moment longer, then nodded once and replied.
, Tony,” Steve replied, shortly.
“Uh-huh.”
“Uh-huh.”
Avengers Tower kitchen, 9:55 (following morning).
“I’m his accountant,” Peter replied, at exactly the same time.
Tony looked up sharply from the scattered fruit salad of wires and gleaming helmet parts laid out in front of him- -then resumed breathing.
By now almost everyone was aboard, and Power Man and Elektra were up front keeping an eye on the now thoroughly cowed flight crew.
“I did NOT-” Tony protested, eyes widening.
Nothing.
Steve opened his beer and drank, shutting his eyes.
Never mind.
“Steve, just- -whatever it is, do it- slow an- and I’ll tell you if I don’t like it, because if you can’t even say it it’s
“You too, man.”
Daredevil and Misty Knight looking exhausted, sitting on the wide, flat steps of a high-rise apartment building.
Tony brought the bottle back over to the jukebox with him, his metallic boot steps steadier now.
Tony choked slightly and shivered under his hands, fingers tightening against the juncture of Steve’s neck and shoulder.
D-9     Rocket Man                        Elton John
Tony’s eyes narrowed.
,” Tony insisted, “-the Goblin’s dangerous and he’s crazy, but he’s not stupid.  He went after four soft targets to spread us out, then he hit my place with enough high-temperature incendiary bombs to level this
, instead of just heated up and
Oh yeah.  Peter had definitely mistaken the melting cheese for runny egg and let things cook too long, but…  overall…  could have turned out a lot worse.  Tony finished the leftovers with four quick sweeps of his fingers, and returned to the table, coffee cup in hand.
“I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to break it.” Howard said quickly.
"Wow…" Steve said, whispered, "You're actually good with kids."
Tony's heart clenched for all sorts of reasons: Tony had grown up thinking his father hadn't given a damn about him and all that time his dad was probably screaming on the inside, not knowing how to tell Tony any different. Hell, he wondered if his dad even knew…much of anything? Past the science, engineering brilliance. The things academics couldn't teach.
“I was in a…accident a few years back. I got shrapnel in my chest.” Tony explained. Howard got the most horrified look.
Tony slid off the couch, sitting on the floor beside Howard. “Okay then Howie, what are you up to?” Tony asked.
"And you." Steve said.
"So a portal was created like when Loki came." Steve asked and Fury shrugged.
“Can I see it?” Howard asked tentatively. Tony nodded and raised his shirt. Howard gasped a little. He leaned forward and kissed it. Tony chuckled. “My mommy kisses my sores.” Tony’s smile faltered. Wondering where Howard’s mother was when whoever it was had hurt his dad. He hoped she hadn’t hurt him too.
"Nineteen twenty-two." Give or take ninety years. Q-Tips didn't even exist in Howard's world. They were invented a year later and under a different name*. But the ages correlated. Tony's dad was born in nineteen eighteen.
“I’m in the future?” Howie asked, facing Tony who had him in his arms. He was spoiling him, carrying him like this but…fuck it, Howie deserved to be spoiled a little.
Tony nodded, that…would have made sense but, "Why doesn't he remember everything all at once? Shouldn't he be an old man trapped in a boys body?"
“I built this. You can play with it if you want.” Tony said. Then realized his mistake when his dad’s stared at it in confusion.
“The green light.” Howie said. Turning his gaze to Nat again. Though she didn't seem to mind. She was probably used to boys starting at her.
"So maybe, when Howie is a bit older, we tell him what to expect?" Bruce said, apparently he decided that keeping Howie was acceptable to the point of planning ahead.
“Yep.” He said simply.
Tony hadn't thought about it that closely but…"Yeah, I guess I am." Tony said. "Talk about the student becoming the master…"
- – —
“You get toys?” His dad asked quietly. Tony looked down at him. He had no idea how to answer that question. So he only nodded. “I don’t. My dad says I don’t deserve any.” Howard said as he tensed again, folding his hands in his lap, looking down at the floor. Tony noticed that he did that when he mentioned his dad (… his dad’s dad? That was Tony’s grandfather. And so far, Tony was not a fan) he would box up. Tony would have to relax him again. Get him talking again.
“Okay,” Howie said quietly. He leaned up a bit but went still again when his eyes landed in Nat. He just stared at her for a moment before he turned to face Thor.
Howard looked around again. His eye caught the blue glow of one of Tony’s arc reactors. He reached towards it but immediately snatched his hand back as if he had done something wrong.
Tony lifted him up the sleeping boy, holding him close.
The boys eyes shifted to everyone in the room in fear and he swallowed twice before he quietly whispered,
“You don’t have to. You don’t have to talk about anything you don’t want to.” Tony said. It seemed like the right thing to say because Howie calmed a little. “But if someone’s hurting you, you don’t have to go back home. You can stay here with me and I’ll protect you.” Tony said. Technically Tony didn’t know that. He didn’t know if Howard would have to be sent back or not. He had no idea how interrupting timelines like this would affect…anything.
So Tony headed back to the communal floor, a million different Howie shaped concerns flooding his mind.
"Bruce isn't going to hurt you." Tony tried to reassure him but the boy looked up at him with the most betrayed look as he started crying.
"He's unsettled like this because he's remembering things from his last life." Tony said.
"It’s
Whenever Howie thought his dad or the abuse would come up, he nearly shut down, just to keep from talking about it.
“Know what, now that I think about it, this is more of a grown up’s toy. Why don’t you…” Tony said as he looked around, trying to figure out what he had in his lab that wouldn’t scare a kid from the twenties. Funny, futuristic Tony Stark had nothing of the kind.
Howie looked up at Tony, who nodded so he spoke,
He'd rather the stones had let his dad be in that case.
"Fine but no one tell him he's my dad!" Tony said. "He'll try to use it as an advantage."
“I know but…” Tony trailed off, looking down at Howard. He was so happy right now, and relaxed. Tony didn’t want to send him back to hell. “You know, the owner isn’t going to stop. The puppy going to go back to being hurt. And, it’s already affecting the puppy pretty bad right now. What about after another ten or eleven years of abuse?”
“Yeah, Howie. This is the team.” Tony said quickly, before Howie could have another “kids say the darndest things” moment.
“Just my dad since mommy…” Howie trailed off. Or maybe Tony just didn’t hear what he said, his voice has gotten so soft and…sad. “And Ellen, I guess. But I want to stay here.”
“Yeah, but this, the arc reactor, it keeps the shrapnel from getting into my heart. So I won’t die.” Tony said.
“I’m sorry.” Howard said as he dropped his head. Tony just furrowed his brow in confusion.
“That is so amazing. Can I see it?” Howie asked, hopping up and down. Tony nodded, taking off the metal glove and handing it to Howie, who leaned on his chest as he inspected it. Tony took a deep breath, willing himself to get to the point as to why he showed Howie all this.
“Thor…this is going to be a weird one, isn't it?” Tony said.
I hope you like this chapter. :) :D
Bruce shook his head, “Tony, we don’t know if he can stay. We don’t know the effects.”
"Howard. My name is Howard Stark."
"Oh come on!" Clint said, "I was looking forward to that part!"
"Should I wake him up?" Tony asked.
After of what felt like a full minute of staring, Howie asked the god of thunder, “Are you going to eat me?” oh so casually and it took everything in Tony to not laugh. Clint did laugh. Heartily.
He career was beyond successful, of course. But his marriage, parenting, social life. They were almost non-existent by the time Howard died. Even though they died together, even though they loved each other, when his parents died, they were in yet another separation.
Howard looked up at him, “Mommy said she’s protect me. She always told me she wouldn’t let anyone hurt me. But she hasn’t come back.” He buried his face in Tony’s neck. “She never came back.” Howard said. It was the uncanny way he said it that had a theory popping up in Tony’s head. But he put that on the back burner to try and decipher what Howie was saying. Did his mother really leave or did she die? Or was there a divorce and she was forced to leave him with whoever was hurting him, presumably his father?
Tony's not sure how it happened. And there was very little that Tony couldn't understand. You know genius, billionaire, all that jazz.
“Good, I’m glad that’s settle. Now, I think we’ve got a lot of shopping to do. And we have to Howie-proof the tower. If he’s anything like me, he’ll get into anything.” Tony said, as he picked up Howard. “And we’ve got to find you a bedroom.” Tony told him. Howard beamed, lying his head on Tony’s shoulder, very content.
“Howie, we need a little more to work with here.” Tony said. “You don't have to talk about the bad things .”
"Um, uh, eh-I-um, eh-it'll be alright." Tony stammered as he rubbed Howard's back. Comforting was not Tony's strong suit. "It'll be alright; well get you back home, alright?" Tony said and Howard nodded, seemingly taking slight peace from hearing that. "And Fury, how did this happen?" Tony asked the director with a grim glare though he didn't say it forcefully. He didn't want to scare the little boy in his arms.
“That's…that's our family.” Tony said because it was very true.
"Oh don't worry. We've got plenty." Steve reassured him and Howard seemed to believe him. He looked behind him at Tony and held out his hand, obviously wanting him to come along. Tony sighed; he wanted nothing more than to go find a bottle to crawl into but apparently Howard had different plans. Just like he did the entire time Tony was growing up. Tony nodded and followed the two out the room.
“No, it…it’s fine. You wanna see it?” Tony said as he grabbed the reactor and handed it to Howard. He looked at it intently. He twisted and pulled and it came apart. His dad figured out how to open it in five seconds flat. Which made Tony smile initially because it took genius to figure it out so quickly but Howard got the most fearful look. The same look he got when he thought Bruce was going to hurt him.
Bruce took his glasses off, running a hand down his face, “Tony, the mechanic…he shouldn’t have told the puppy that, he didn’t know if he could keep that promise or not.”
“Hey, so, this is my lab. I’m a scientist.” Tony said because the silence was too uncomfortable. It reminded him about the dad he grew up with…Now that he was thinking about it, maybe Howard was just naturally quiet. His dad had never been one to talk to often. There were some many days where he wouldn’t say a word to Tony. Tony always thought it was personal but maybe it was just his dad’s way.
Steve said, “Look Tony, I know you might feel attached but we can’t—”
Tony.” Steve said. “Our thing wasn’t a thing back then. Unless it were a bad thing like…” He gestured towards Howie. Tony oh’d. He had forgotten that.
Tony refrained from groaning, “It's complicated, buddy, but we are definitely related.” Tony said just as the team rounded the corner. Thank fuck for the distraction.
The look Steve gave him would have been hilarious if there hadn't been a troubled little boy between them.
“Our apartment building has a basement and dad makes me go down there with him sometimes. He sent me to go down in the basement and wait for him but when I got there, a green light popped up in the middle of the room. I went to go look at it and it sucked me in. And then I feel out here.” Howie said.
Also, Tony is like 13 is the flashback.
“So kiddo…protecting people is my job. I keep people safe…” God, how was he supposed to ask this? Tony kept trying to think about how he’s seen it done on TV. Howie didn’t seem to even notice him anymore though. He was very enthralled with the gauntlet. “So…if someone is hurting you, Howie, I can protect you. All you have to do is tell me.” Tony said, hoping for the best. But Howie didn’t react. Almost as if he hadn’t heard Tony. He was going to repeat himself then Howie’s brow furrowed and he mumbled something. Tony didn’t catch what he said, didn’t even know if Howie was even talking to him.
Tony sighed, "Howard?" Tony repeated and the boy nodded. "And how did you get here Howard?" The boys eyes widened with fear.
“Do you have family?” Tony asked, probably should have asked long ago.
…where was Steve when he needed him? Tony didn’t know how to handle this. But this was Tony’s fault. He opened this can of worms, it was his responsibility to deal with it.
“Yeah buddy, it’s 2016.” Tony said. Howard looked over Tony’s shoulder to see out the window wall that overlooked the city, proving they were over a hundred stories above the ground.
“Are you arranging the pieces by likeness?” Tony asked. Howard nodded. “Can I help you?” Howie looked up at him with a smile, nodding fervently. Tony smiled back. “I love building robots.” Tony said.
“Umm…so I’m taking that as a yes?” Tony said. Then immediately wanted to blast himself in the face. Especially when Howie started crying harder.
"I better swab his cheek real quick." Bruce said as he pulled some Q-Tips out of his back pocket. Tony took a moment to ideally wonder why his science bro walked around with random Q-Tips in the back of his pocket but quickly snapped back to the present when Bruce knelt down to the boy. "Can you open your mouth for me?" Bruce asked, completely innocuous but his dad's little eye widen so filled with fear and he ran back to Tony who resisted the urge to groan, wondering why Howard always ran back to him.
“That’s exactly right, he’ll die.” Tony said, looking back up at the two. He didn’t even know why he was making this argument. He wasn’t sending Howie back, his mind was made up on that.
“It’s nothing kiddo, just…you know what, I really what to see what you can do with that robot you were building.” Tony said. Howie nodded, climbing out his arms but he grabbed Tony’s hand, pulling him over to where his project was. Steve and Bruce followed them, very bewildered.
Tony watched Howard intently as he played. Or rather, his version of playing. They were back now, in Tony’s lab. Howard was so happy right now. And excited. Tony was beginning to think he never had a toy in his life. But during the hour Tony had been watching them, Howard had yet to actually
"So, you're gonna raise him, Tony?" Rhodey asked.
Howie had an Iron Man squishy that he refused to put down and a Captain America blanket draped around his shoulders that he never let drop. They hadn't long gotten back to the tower, after going on several shopping trips to prepare for a life with an unexpected child. Tony had no idea why he felt drawn to the blanket. Steve came far after Howard was four.
"It's okay. You're safe with me." Tony whispered to him, hoping, maybe, the words would reach the old man struggling with horrific memories inside of him.
“Howie, is anyone touching you at home? Or is anyone hurting you with a part of their body?” Tony asked more bluntly. Howard didn’t say anything for a moment, but then he looked up at Tony, meeting his eyes. Howie’s little eyes were filled with hurt, horror, betrayal. But what sent a chill down Tony’s spine was that Howard was looking at him as if he knew exactly who Tony was. As if he were someone a lot older than the four-year old boy he was just a second ago.
“Giants eat kids.” Howie said.
, right?” Tony said. “But that’s not the best part.” Howie looked up at him eagerly. Tony stepped in front of the suit, causing it to open so he could step inside.
“Our family? We're related?” Howie asked excitedly. Tony had plum forgot to mention that. Mostly because he didn't know how.
“If you send the puppy back…he’ll leave when he’s sixteen and you’re right. He will be a little…dead” Steve said, looking at Bruce. “How about we just see what Richards has to say, that way we can have a backup plan in case something goes wrong and just keep him here for as long as we can.”
“How do you know her?” Tony asked.
After all the two were family.
Tony nodded, “Yes, I promise.” Howard nodded and leaned his head on Tony’s shoulder, fully relaxed, and he stopped crying. Tony let out the breath he didn’t even know he was holding, hugging Howard as he stood, holding the kid close to his chest.
Howie held his squishy closer. “Hi.” He said shyly, waving a little. He gave everyone a critical once over but his eyes kind of settled in Nat, who was furthest in the back, leaning against the wall under some pictures on the walls.
“Tony, why did you have to ask that?” Howard asked, as if he were already fully away of the elephant in the room and that there was a silent contract between them to keep it firmly unaddressed.
“See, when I’m in this suit I can protect people from danger.” Tony said. Howie wow’d, looking up at Tony with so much admiration. Tony stood, stepping out the suit, and kneeling back down to Howie. “And the suit gives me powers.” Tony said as he raised his hand, summoning a gauntlet. He lowered to energy projection and aimed at a chair, blasting it though the low power only pushed it back a few feet.
with them. He spent most of the time…arranging them? He took some toys and lined them up neatly in rows of five under the workbench. The others he took and lined up near Tony who was sitting on a couch. And when he was through, he sat by Tony, leaning against his leg, and started taking the toys apart, one by one…it was odd and Tony was kind of miffed because he
"...that's not helpful," said Tony, looking miserable.  He looked down at his hands in his lap.
"...why the hell are you wearing a collar?"
"Nothing, sir," said Jarvis, looking down respectfully.
"Miss Potts, Mr. Stark would like a beverage in the kitchen but Captain Rogers would also appreciate it if you could avert your gaze away from their... predicament." The AI almost managed to sound amused.
"Like... a holiday, or a trip, or something?"
Steve sat out on the balcony with a towel wrapped around his waist as he dried. The early evening sun was warm on his face, it was pleasant. With a soft sigh he called Aria.
"She didn't say she promised," agreed Natasha.  "Hurry, Steve, make a break for it."
"But they
Tony didn't care anymore if Steve killed or tortured people.  He didn't care if SHIELD was the very sort of agency he'd denounced merely two years ago, the kind the operated without accountability.  (Yes, he'd figured it out. The reason they sent only four agents in the middle of the night... plausible deniability. They were operating in a  country not technically within the United States' jurisdiction and presumably without anyone's actual approval.)
"нет..." he wheezed softly, head lolling.  "нет...нет..."
The thought was so sudden that Tony froze in surprise.
"Tony!  Tony, sit down, please, right now--"
Dr. Gleason actually chuckled.  "I'm sure the embryo is fine, Donner, it's still very, very, very early.  In fact, this is literally the earliest we can even tell. One sip of champagne during the first two weeks won't have any lasting effects at all."
Steve was quiet for a moment. "I can't feel him."
"Your accent is nice," Steve told him. He probably would have said that even if it was shit though. Everything Tony did just endeared Steve to him further. His voice was velvet, a low rumble. Steve could see how Tony ended up with so many bedmates throughout his life. Right now it felt like he would do anything the Alpha asked of him, as simple as ever.
intentions; I never plan anything, Steve. I just
"And how come you never told me
Currently, in fact, Tony was nursing the bottle of single-malt, relaxing back against the pillows.  He wanted to argue more with SHIELD about going up to the lodge but Steve suddenly seemed so down, so tired, and Tony was worried he might be getting sick or something.  He didn't know how heats worked; lots of omegas seemed lethargic in post-heat. Maybe Steve needed to stay home and rest after all. What was the point of hauling him up a mountain if he would be too tired to do anything fun once he got up there?
"Oh-- oh, no.  No. This is my cousin and his mate," said Donner quickly.  "And this is... um... Al?"
Suddenly, in the quiet aftermath of the drama, there was a shifting of rubble and a single voice spoke up.  It was the DJ, shoving a coffee table off of his head.  He gave Steve a look of alarm, and said, with horror, "...I think they broke my computer."
"Just before I 'died.' The plan was always to walk through the front door right into Schmidt's plan." Steve's eyes blurred over a little at the memory, his face paling as he recalled the violence.
"No... no, no, no, Steve, I love you, I love you more than anything... you're my good boy, my perfect omega... you're right here with me, Steve.  I haven't left you. I love you."
There was a beat of quiet.
"It means Rogers is probably going into heat.  ...he's not in the field, is he?"
the man of mystery.  So if there's anything you're keeping from me... now's the time to spill."
Clint was trying to scale the fridge, exclaiming something about it being coldest on top, while Natasha tried to get him down. Gleason sat at the other end of the room at the table, clutching his bag a little tighter than necessary, looking mildly curious.
"Fuck! Sorry." He hadn't told Steve about the dream.  No point. Honestly, he felt like it was stupid that he still even thought about it, at his age.  They'd been dead a long time.
Tiberius's face was  unreadable. "Oh," he said.  He considered this. "Well. What matters now is what's happening now.  You two love each other. You're bonded. And... and Steve's old mate is being kept safe, yes?"
with himself.
"We're about to land."
"Hey, Steve?  ...I know you guys all have a lot to catch up on, but... I wanna... y'know, spend time with you.  You wanna go hang out on the pool deck for a while? ...just us?" asked Tony quietly. Pepper, Aria, Jeff, Boswell, and Banksy were comparing notes for Friday, while Brent was talking about the babies to Tiberius, who had the same gooey look on his face as Pepper had while she was holding the baby.  Tony still didn't get it. Fortunately, he assumed if Steve kicked out the babies' handlers, then the babies would also be leaving.
"Tony, the day you 'settle down' will be a cold day in hell," said Pepper with a roll of her eyes.
"I'M TONY FUCKIN' STARK!" he scream, yanking down his shirt to show the arc reactor.  The security guard's eyes widened and he moved aside, opening the door for Tony.  Tony practically flung himself against the suit, initiating the suit-up program with frantic, desperate murmurs for it to please, please, please go faster.
"I know," Natasha whispered, easing his need to defend himself.
"No.  Donner."
"They found him. My neighbor said a bunch of men in suits are at the apartment. I tried to call Donner; he's out shopping right now, but he
He pulled down his gown to offer her a nipple; Tony actually did end up vomiting, grabbing the bin by the door and retching into it dramatically.
.  Not some stray cat he'd just found.
Yemen, even
"No one's complaining," Banksy winked and Steve laughed before heading upstairs. He changed into joggers and a hoodie before heading back down, letting Aria tug him down onto a sofa before finding a present thrown into his lap.
Steve let Phil do the back of his neck first. He winced a little, the wound still tender. Phil didn't bother to apologise again. It felt a little pointless. "Water would be great...and a blanket?" he asked tentatively.
"...both Clint and Phil are perfectly capable of looking after themselves," Steve pointed out. "It makes sense that they would be enthusiastic, you know? I just...if I'm going to shake things up I want to offer some form of compensation. I don't want anyone to get hurt because of me.  I have some money from my PA gig...  I don't know what it's worth, really." A spark of excitement seized in his chest. "I could donate a lot of it. Or I could just create a charity if there isn't one in place. People can do that, right?"
They had come to this conference with the full awareness that there were extremists in the world, Alphas who had downright medieval views on bonding.  But uncovering actual human trafficking, a sick subculture within an already sick subculture... Tony doubted either of them could have adequately mentally prepared for that.
stirred... throw in some fucking cyanide if you have it..."
"Why did I have to die?" The question was so sincere it was almost heart breaking. Steve's brow pinched together with, what appeared to be genuine confusion and hurt.
Who the hell even thought these people were a good idea? If they'd known since this morning, then why would they send Alphas?! Urgh.
"Tony, half the time I come over, you're naked."
"Yes, those suits are marvelous," contributed Fred. Steve couldn't imagine what it was like to have a threesome with another omega your Alpha had
Pepper stood up and went over to pull him away from the eggs.
Steve stood on shaky legs. He'd have to keep the clothes on to protect himself from the sun. Maybe this was heaven, or hell. Yes. Steve probably would end up there. He'd killed people, let his unfilled Alpha die...vhe was awash with sin. Killing Schmidt didn't make up for that, not when he'd enjoyed it so goddamn much.  At best, this was limbo.  But definitely not heaven.
If Bucky was dead, wouldn't that be the end of the bond?  Would Steve smell normal then? Would the scar finally go away?  Or at least, would Steve's body allow Tony to "fix" it?
Trey grinned. "You got arrested? I thought Captain America was supposed to be all wholesome and shit?"
"You want food?" Steve asked, voice thick with sleep.
"D-don't..."
"Thanks.
Tony remembered the smile on his father's face when he spoke to the real Jarvis.  How the two of them had gazed adoringly at each other on the film that was now burned to ashes in his basement.  How, for just a brief moment in time, he'd felt that from Steve.
Thor nodded, "I'm sure sometimes he will be. But his conscious can only hold so much information at a time and he's still young. He'll remember what has been recorded in his brain first and foremost. His whole conscious will make an appearance from time to time, but it will never take precedence."
Steve just looked back at him cluelessly. Tony had never seen that lost look on Steve's face before. The captain always had a plan but apparently this was beyond him too.
“But the mechanic is fairly certain that he won’t have to send the puppy back. Mostly because if it were, the mechanic probably would have disappeared the moment the puppy arrived.” Tony said, just throwing up the first thing that popped up in his mind. “And probably the mechanic’s blonde boyfriend since the puppy had a hand in them meeting.”
Now, Tony was not a suspicious guy, no sir and after being reassured by Steve so many times, he did not ask any type of question that might hurt Steve. So he subtly tried to find out. Pepper had scoffed, “Tony, you're being paranoid. He won’t cheat on you”.
The car screeched to a halt in front of the Tower, he was far away from their abode, the distance was wider in metaphorical sense than in literal sense. He sat in the car for sometime, breathing hard, barely able to hold back the tears.
“What? That you are back with your ex-omega? That this has been going on for a while but you didn’t want to hurt my feelings? So you decided to hide it but couldn’t?” He spat.
Steve nodded. Tony cupped his cheeks and kissed him. It was chaste but sweet and reassuring. Steve asked in a hopeful voice, “Can I..can I touch?”
“He did not call you? Wait hold on, I am going to him”.
“Hey, don’t cry. I am sorry once again. I can’t live without you honey and I am never letting you go. You have to fight me tooth and nail if you wish to get rid of me”.
“Tony let me explain-”
He called Bucky. His friend picked up on second ring, "Hey Tones wazzup?”
What was he thinking? It was always a problem for a beta to find a mate and since fate just loved to screw him over in every sense it was harder for him. His first serious relationship with Tiberius was a living nightmare, the Alpha was sweet in the beginning but then started to show his true colors as he abused him day and night. Sunset came next, she was a manipulating beta, draining Tony emotionally and his last relationship was with Pepper before Steve happened but that did not last and no it wasn’t because of Pepper, it was because of Tony, it was always Tony and this time, too, it was him.
“Hey pumpkin” he glanced down and placed a hand on his barely there bump, “Your dad decided that he did not need me anymore, so here we are. I hope you aren’t angry. I will take care of you and love you twice more. You will have lovely aunts and uncles” his voice grew weaker and wobblier as he continued to speak softly to his baby, “I will give you anything you want, your aunt pepper will be ecstatic when she finds out. Your family is a bunch of weirdos you know but they will protect you and love you fiercely. I don’t know about your dad-” he trailed off when he heard a sob.
*************
Steve bought a trembling hand up and placed it lightly on Tony stomach and then whispered, “Hi there baby. Your Dad made a terrible mistake but he loves your papa and will never let him go”.
“But today she walked in with a haunted look on her face Tony, she was bleeding and could barely walk. She had still driven to the hospital and I couldn’t keep my cool anymore Tony. That time you called, I couldn’t help myself I was so angry. I am sorry honey. I am so very sorry. I-you wanted to give me such a wonderful surprise and believe me I am overwhelmed with happiness but I ruined it for you, for us” the alpha was sobbing and Tony was rendered powerless, he stood up and went over to his mate and wrapped his arms around him.
Tony’s insides turned ice.
He startled and stood up. Steve Rogers was standing not two feet away and he was crying.
Six turned into Six thirty and it was nearing seven. Tony sighed, his mind already going a mile a minute - maybe Steve was caught up in work, what if...no,
He couldn’t believe everything had come to an end, his tears finally fell freely. 5 years of mating, 3 years as a married couple and soon he will become a divorced one. One day and a few words were enough to destroy everything they had.
Steve smiled, despite the black eye and the numerous threats he received from his pack members(Tony did not need to know that right now) he was glad that his mate had finally laughed, “I love you too.”
But yet again the reply astonished him, “The fuck I'm going to let that alpha touch her?”
His phone was ringing consistently, he knew it was either Pepper, Rhodey or any other member of their pack but not Steve. He had a different ringtone set for his mate.
“Uh, is Steve still at the hospital? He was suppose to be back by 6_” he trailed off, his voice quavering.
“Fri what's the time?”
“Boss, you should eat something. You haven’t eaten for 5 hours” the AI said, her voice soft.
He had managed to hide the nausea and all. Thankfully he did not get to meet his friends during that time. Clint and Phil were busy with their wedding. Bucky and Natasha were busy in the hospital and Thor and Bruce were on holiday. However Steve seemed to be busier these days. They hadn’t been able to spend much time. When Tony was asleep Steve came home, when Tony woke up, Steve was already on his way to the hospital.
"Why?  You must hear that word all the time, gorgeous," said Tony without skipping a beat.
"Like less than 1%. Okay I get it. So what? He's going to live out the rest of his days in a freezer?" Steve asked.
He answered diplomatically.
"I wish all of them were this positive," said Richard cheerily.  "Donner, I need you to breathe, please. In and out. Come on, let's see some breathing.  In and out--"
" said Aria, gesturing grandly with her cigarette.  "We can't just have you talking about sex all the time right away, we have to ease into that.  Giving an interview in pre-heat is already frankly very provocative. I
that much food. The portion sizes in England, even in the pubs, weren't really enough.
"Just a simulation," Steve agreed quietly, even though they both knew it wasn't quite that simple. Sure- it wasn't
"You ready?" he called out as he backed back into the bedroom. "Tony?"
Tony shrugged, scrolling through the article.  "It's a... highly defensive prosthetic."  Further in the article, there was a picture of Tony and Steve kissing on stage, but the camera was angled upward and Tony didn't look especially dwarfed by Steve.  There were honest-to-God fireworks in the background; it looked like the happy ending to a romantic movie.  Dressed in t-shirts and jeans, the two of them looked like they had wandered on stage by accident and were sharing an intimate moment without any awareness that they were being watched.
"How nice.  I thought I might as well introduce you to my omega, Donner."
For dinner hot soup and bread buns were passed around. They ate on a large set of tables near the residential tents for the kids. Some of the tents were slightly separated from the others, designed for any adult omegas they found in there too. Considering what they sometimes made them do, it was important to keep them separate.
"That's what we're worried about," Sitwell muttered under his breath and Mackenzie shot him a look.
It felt so right. Steve felt so at peace. This was where he was meant to be and this was what he was meant to do. Steve moaned.
Tony looked over.  Another Alpha. He growled.
Tony rolled back over and looked at Steve.  Steve
Steve hadn't dreamed, thank God. He felt shitty when he woke up less, a result of low blood sugar and dehydration, but significantly less shitty than before. And while he wasn't exactly pleased to see Tony by his bedside, he was... oddly grateful too. It was better than waking up alone. And he couldn't really think of anyone else he'd like to wake up next to. Huh.
Tony frowned and looked back up at Steve, who was fiddling with his collar.
Getting the omega water had not been ordered; the asset had decided to do that on his own.
Steve's legs ended up curled over Tony's shoulders as he thrust into him again, meaning he was practically bent in half as Tony fucked inside. The serum meant he was flexible though, in many ways...much of which Tony hadn't even really seen. He still had to grip onto the sofa for support, his biceps bulging and quivering with effort as Tony ruined him. It felt so good. So
Of all the things he hated most about panic attacks-- the crippling fear and the difficulty breathing and the tightness in his chest and conviction that he was going to die-- out of all of it, the thing Tony hated most was how completely it hijacked his brain.  Tony was used to having a mind that could simultaneously weave multiple thoughts along with ease. During panic attacks, all thoughts ground to a halt and so did most of his basic perceptions. He just shut down, and that was something he hated.
. I'll believe it when I see it."
Tony remembered when they'd found him; he had watched the news, watching the president give his famous "Welcome back, Cap" line, and seen Steve smiling onstage, looking tall and straight-backed and muscular.  No wonder they had quickly swept him into an undercover mission; Tony had an idea that, if SHIELD had had their way, they would have kept Steve's true status a secret for as long as possible.
"Tony, stop it," implored Rhodey.  "You're drunk.  You don't have to do this, man, come on."
Tony stopped laughing only because he was shocked that she had said please and also called Steve "Captain Rogers."  Maggie Frond promptly reached behind Steve and pressed her fingers against the back of his ear; Steve had stopped laughing.
They pushed him into a room and just like that, Steve's impression of the frantic activity all around him was over.  He was not sure how long he'd been there.  A minute?  An hour?
Steve looked at the offered hand and almost looked like he might take it until Tony mentioned Pepper and then he drew his hand back into his lap with a swallow. His face was blank, hard to read. He still looked tired which was uncharacteristic of Steve in the first place. Not eating for four days straight had hit him harder than anything else had.
"Alrighty.  I set the computer up for ten minutes, half of what SHIELD will  give him.  But remember, it might feel like longer in there.  The mind works in funny ways.  If I see anything weird going on with his heart, I'll pull you both out right away, alright?"
Donner shrugged.  "We could light the fireplace.  That would be festive." His face lit up a little.  "Can you believe it's only seventeen days until Christmas?"
"What kind of people go to those auctions?" Steve asked when Tony brought it up and DeSoto looked like he wished the sofa would eat him alive.  "Please," he said only, quietly. And Steve took the hint. He dropped the topic.
Steve and Natasha arranged a point to meet at once they were done. She patted his arm and then they were off.
"Let's...let's take the rest of the day off changing the world and get started on stuff tomorrow," Steve said with a half-yawn. He thanked the driver as they got out of the car and then they headed into their home. Steve practically felt a weight slide off his shoulders once he stepped inside. He grabbed Tony's hand gently and kissed his cheek. "Don't tinker for too long, Mr-recommended-bedrest," he told him good-naturedly and then headed upstairs.
"Thanks Rhodey you're the best, hey, Steve, c'mon, gimme some sugar!"  Tony flung himself at Steve, wrapping his arms around his neck and nuzzling into his chest affectionately.
"Well... pick a notebook.  Let's get started," he mumbled hoarsely, pulling the lid off of one of the boxes and peering inside.
"But I really, really want a taco," whined Donner.
Tony felt confused for a second.  Even for an upset teenager, it shouldn't be hard to flatten--
"I am... I am
He did turn around for Tony, trying not to blush as badly as he would have usually done. Turning bright red certainly wouldn't do him any favors right now. Steve looked over his shoulder to see Tony stroking himself and felt a sharp tug of arousal in his belly. The way his Alpha was looking at him was...
"I will never co-operate with you," Steve breathed, meeting the man's eyes steadily. His finger shook on the trigger, however. HYDRA was right about  one thing: he didn't want to die. But many more would if they worked out how to recreate the serum. It was a simple choice when it was put in perspective.
"...I thought I'd lost you," said Tony.  "There was a moment, in Yemen, where I couldn't feel out bond anymore.  And it was bad. I felt... alone. I forgot how being unbonded feels. I hated it."  He reached up to push up his glasses and rub the bridge of his nose, looking tired. "Steve, you could've been killed.  I..." He trailed off, not sure what else to say. He didn't want Steve to die. He didn't want to lose Steve.
"No.  They've just been... interested in each other," said Pepper.
"...he was kneeling."
"Steve.  Whether or not you have kids, you're not useless.  You're Captain America.  You helped win a war.  And now you're helping all the omegas who get a raw deal.  You're one of the most incredible, influential people that's alive today.  And you're going to be happy regardless of what those fuckers want. They can't take you.  You're Captain
," said Jorge, pausing to dry off his hands with a towel and then walking over to take one.
"Okay, okay, I'm dealing with this, I'm dealing with his!" replied Tony.  "What's the lock on?"
Tony was still splayed out, naked and snoring.
Aria sighed and sent a sideways glance at Pepper as Steve followed Tony up towards the house. "I mean, he has a point. But the fact that there's no one doing damage control in there does terrify me a little."
Tony sat down on the edge of couch, clearly ready to get up quickly if he needed to.
"...don't you ever wear pants?" asked Aria, sounding grossed out, covering her eyes.  Tony was still in nothing but a heavy apron, his welding goggles pushed back onto his head.
. This has gotten way too personal.  This isn’t a SHIELD thing. This is a Steve Rogers thing.  And I figure, right now, it's easier if you come to me."
Tony dropped to his knees to look Steve in the eye.  "Steve, I am so, so sorry, I didn't mean to do it that hard.  I didn't think it'd-- I'm sorry, shit." He pulled Steve into a hug, feeling embarrassed on Steve's behalf.  Fuck, he should have said what he was going to do before doing it. And also probably shouldn't have
Tony lunged; Clint managed to grab him before he reached Sitwell.  Sitwell got out of the chair so fast he knocked it over; he squashed himself against the wall, looking terrified.
"The Society is getting flooded with calls from people who want to help support you," said Jeff.  "It's all very positive, people are really responding to... well, the sincerity, I guess, it was very sincere--"
Bucky leaned in to nuzzle Steve's neck.  The heat had made him smell so invitingly, syrupy sweet; the scent glands on his neck, just behind his ears, were practically screaming at Bucky.  Steve's scent and the sudden spasming of his body was like a command that hadn't been ordered with words, but was nonetheless a clear command, a want, a need.
Bucky!
," corrected Pepper.  "Don't say
, please help, he's bleeding. He's my mate. Please," Tony was babbling.  This was the first proper doctor he'd seen (he didn't trust nurses to be good enough for Steve) and on top of that, she was an omega, which made Tony feel inexplicably safer, as if her status made her more likely to understand just how important Steve was.  (Tony had already gotten into several fights with triage because he couldn't understand why everyone was acting like Steve's injuries weren't taking first priority.)
Aside from the various court proceeding, Steve and Tony still had their hands full with the media blitz.  Pepper and Aria both agreed that, while there were plenty of very liberal and young and modern and progressive newspapers and magazines and talk shoes that wanted them, they should really try to also appeal to Alphas.
Bucky's brow furrowed.  "You both drink coffee."
Bucky had been a hell of a sniper.  And a hell of a dancer.
The stage lights went down in a hiss of sparks and some of the scaffolding collapsed with a groan as it smashed into the stage surface. Steve and Pepper automatically ducked down, Steve curling an arm around her to guard her from the scattering of sparks that followed.
"Happy is waiting downstairs," JARVIS informed them not-so-subtlety.
"A VIP pass, sir."
"Doing it for you, huh?" Steve echoed, voice still soft like he knew just how wild he was driving Tony. Then his expression shifted a little, becoming more sincere. "I trust you, too," he whispered just so Tony could hear it.
"Jarvis, I don't think we'll be needing to call the authorities," murmured Maria quietly, touching his arm.
Tony gave his hand a light smack.  "Stop eating those.  Put 'em on your eyes.  If you want something to eat, just ask.  CINDY!  Bring Steve some snacks before he starts eating lotion."
"Steve, a lot of career soldiers have difficulty getting accustomed to civilian life," said Dr. Brennan gently.  "It
"Crowd?" Natasha prompted.
Bucky was on his feet in an instant.  "Don't you
"I get you needing space. Even if the whole concept of 'space' is a little weird to me," Steve said quietly. In the forties they hadn't had the luxury of 'space.' Space was something rich people enjoyed, but they couldn't. Space was something him and Bucky could never have afforded. They could not get away from each other; when Bucky needed space, he'd often leave to go to an all-Alpha bar.  But even when Bucky was out and Steve was alone, he could still here the neighbours shuffling around. The old woman, Tilly, was always baking cakes and drinking sherry and the young couple above them were always at it. Steve pretended that he thought it was gross but really he envied them.
"Coulson, let's go.  We're on a time crunch."
Steve didn't dream about Bucky anymore. He felt both relieved and sad- the final point of contact seemingly severed for now. A month after the attack Natasha texted to let him know that Fury was fully recovered, which was a relief. After everything... Fury wasn't allowed to die.  Not after they survived all of that together.  Steve texted him but received no reply.  He tried to call but was directed to his voicemail.  He took a hint and stopped trying to contact him.
Steve quickly sent a text assuring him that he wasn't.
"Clint,
Steve reached up to touch Tony's face as if he was checking he was really there. If he understood what his Alpha had said about the dogtags, then he didn't respond to it, Tony's fingers still in his mouth. Steve hummed, half to himself and then clenched around him in a silent demand.
In the background, Steve heard Clint yell, "Yeah!"
Steve's left arm felt wrong. And he felt sick. His head throbbed. Was this because of the heat? Who was this woman in front of him? Where was Tony--
"Feels so good to be outside again. Properly," Steve breathed. He'd spent a lot of time on balconies throughout the house to try and stop himself from going mad, but that hadn't been the same. He glanced down at the waves, moving lazily up the shore line. They looked tempting. "Will the water be cold if we go in?" he asked.
"It doesn't have to be okay," Steve whispered. "You're allowed to be upset about it Tony. Just don't push me away over it."
Tony exhaled again.  "It's just-- it's just that heats are really hard, what with you having to take all the drugs, and I don't want any accidents, and I'm not really the nurturing type.  And-- and I was thinking about it because of Donner. I know you probably want kids but I just-- I'd be such a shitty dad, Steve. I drink like a fish. My own dad, he drank, and he got mean, as he got older, and-- and you know, it's his fault that my mom-- I mean-- I don't want to--"
knew that Tony was.
Steve may had only had a quarter-century of life experience, but growing up in the Great Depression and fighting in World War Two had aged him.  Even though these people were only five or so years younger than him, physiologically, the age gap seemed much greater.  Steve felt like he was standing amongst a bunch of children. The thought they most of them were supposed to be sold and mated within the next few weeks or months made him feel a little ill. It was hard to hide how disturbed he felt as he entered the 'auctionee' territory. Some of the Alphas who had been peering in to the omega pin frowned, clearly not liking the thought of radical ol' Steve having a chat with them.
Steve sighed in relief when Tony started stroking him. It was hard to really buck up into the touch with Tony stuck fast inside of him but somehow he managed it. He moaned quietly in appreciation, eyes only half open as he teetered closer and closer to the edge. The pleasure of it burned low in his belly and he didn't quite have the same urgency as before when Tony was eating him out, but he was still very much desperate for it.
He swept some papers off his desk; there were proofs of some pictures from
"Steve got some collars," said Tony.  He suddenly wondered if Steve might have gotten them with Bucky.  He didn't know. Steve had disappeared with Bucky, come back with collars... a cold shiver ran up Tony's spine, which he tried to ignore by changing the subject.  "Well? Is there a dress code?"
Tony shook his head, feeling confused.  "I'm just telling you how I-- I mean, how
"So you're gonna lose your sight now every time, huh?"
"Tony, maybe you should take a break," suggested Pepper gently.
"So that gives us the right to torture him?"
"I don't have any more secrets," Steve told him. "You literally know like... everything. My life wasn't very exciting, actually, aside from the war bit."
No way he could call Pepper back like this.  She, too, got on his case for drinking a lot.
"I won't let you into his room, boss," Happy said. "Sorry. But it's for your own good, sir."
"Hmm..." said the colonel.  "Well, Mr. Malick? What do you think?"
He leaned out over his balcony, huffing the cool sea air, thinking about Ty.  Poor Ty. He's been the closest thing Tony had ever had to a friend for the first twenty years of his life.  Why hadn't he written? Why hadn't he done something? He'd just never thought about it. Ty had left, Tony had stayed... he'd never thought Ty was being tortured somewhere.  Getting himself all fucked up. Having bits and pieces cut out of him.
Steve let out a sigh of relief once the door shut behind her. That meant that Bucky hadn't...
"Look, I don't want to make you uncomfortable. So if you want to just go now, I will..."
He knew that fucking the omega would be a task he would very gladly do if ordered.  He turned over the question in his mind. Yes, of course he would do whatever Karpov said.  That was his purpose. Was it a trick question?
The beta doctor nodded.
A moment later he felt something snake around his shoulder and he was yanked off his feet by the other man, just as effortlessly as Tony had yanked up Steve seconds earlier.
"Okay, we're live in ten... nine..."
Tony could already feel himself slipping away, being lulled to sleep.
Swaying like this with Steve was nice.  Intimate, despite the loudness around them and the density of bodies.
For Rhodey and Donner, the car ride also stretched out.  Donner looked like he was being taken to his own execution.  Rhodey kept looking at him, genuinely worried he might change his mind and leap from the moving car.  Only Happy seemed unaffected; he hummed along to the radio.
"Leg," command Fury, holding up another ankle bracelet.
He didn't trust himself to speak (the scream lodging in his throat was threatening to come out at any moment) so he texted Pepper, his hands still shaking violently; he went slowly, very slowly, pressing in every letter deliberate.
He replaced the gin and moved back around the bar to sit on a chair, slouching down in it and spreading his legs out, watching Steve.
"This is your fault.  You sent him to kill someone who already knew him.  How could you be so dense?"
"Well, I did design, build, test, and personally give the sales pitch for the Ambassador IV, and now civilians are dead because of me, so... yeah, I think feeling a lot of guilt is pretty normal, given the circumstances," said Tony, lathering up his hair.
"So," he said, and just like that, the tone shifted.
Tony had finished shredding his coffee cup and was now fiddling with his fingers in his lap, stealing glances at Steve often.
"...ah," said Gleason.  He paused at the back of Tony's neck.  Tony's whole body was noticeably stiff.  Gleason had the grace not to ask about the mark and he moved on, poking Tony's ribs.  Tony squirmed a little and snorted. Pepper looked at him incredulously.
Aria gave him a fist-bump before pushing him through a pair of doors into the studio.  Steve still didn't really understand that gesture but he went along with it.
Steve didn't confirm or deny his feelings, so Fury continued.
"I think he can still expect to have a natural heat in December or January, yes," said Dr. Gleason.  Tony cringed noticeably. So far, heats had caused the two of them nothing but trouble. He wasn't really looking forward to one.  Especially if they had no way to protect themselves against any unwanted... accidents. He was all too aware that Gleason was concentrating on taking Steve's blood pressure and hadn't yet answered his question about contraceptives.
Tony focused.  Yep, he could feel Steve all right.  He shuddered.  "
isn't perfect. But if you really have feelings for me then it doesn't matter. Fuck biology; if you want something, you should take it."
"Can you grab me some water?  I have a sneaking suspicion I'm going to be wicked hungover tomorrow."
?  Do you have any idea how bad that sounds for you?  Some of the things you said, Steve... about letting Tony-- about kneeling-- if that file got out, it wouldn't just ruin Mr. Malick.  It would ruin you, too. Third..." Phil took another deep breath. "...we... we
Downstairs Aria was grumbling into her drink; when she spotted Mac across the room she smiled and sipped a little slower on her straw.
A growl in the soldier's throat died.  "готовы соблюдать."
He could feel Tony's steady breaths under his own and they were comforting.
"Tony?"
"It's a
And Tony, even though he felt currently repulsed by him, was peeking after him.
I hate spinach, why did I eat that? You know?"
Granite wriggled, then screwed her face up and began wailing her small cry.
He wrapped his arms around Steve's neck and gave his collarbone a nip.  "Mush," he commanded.
"Tony!  You okay, man?"
"It's not fair to ask me to try to concentrate on this, it's
?  Oh my God, Tony, the world doesn't revolve around you!  You want to know what the difference is between you and Happy?  Happy
I thought we had the day off?  Are you serious?"
"This is your heat. You go through lots of highs and lows...you'll be okay again in an hour Steve."
. That's what's true," Steve breathed and turned his head to lean down and kiss him. It was firm but brief. "I love you." He brushed the hair off of Tony's forehead gently with his fingertips. They stood like that for a moment, not saying anything with their foreheads just touching. It felt natural and intimate and Steve basked in the moment.
. Tony makes him happy- his old mate didn't, and if he still wants Steve then he should fight for him. And fight for himself. I imagine there's a lot of self-esteem issues going on here. But come on, he's mated Captain freaking America! Just remind him of that, will you?  I was going to come knock some sense into him myself, but I'm stuck on the base at the moment trying to find out more intel on Barnes, and- shit- I gotta go."  She hung up.
"Blue is your color because it goes with your eyes, not
by REM. JARVIS! Get Dougie a cab!"
"James.  Karpov left you.  You're not a person to him.  You're just... equipment. You understand?  He treats you like..." Pietro got a stormy look on his face.  "...he treats you like an omega. He treats you the way people have treated me all my life.  The way Stark probably treats Rogers. ...you're too good for him, Jimmy."
Tony shoved his thoughts aside and wrapped his arms around Steve, nosing his chest, needing his warmth and his closeness.  Steve made Tony feel a lot of emotions he'd never had to deal with. In particular, uneasiness and uncertainty. Steve made Tony want to be a better person and for once, Tony felt challenged.
"That's...bthat's amazing," Steve said finally, looking pretty stricken still, like the number wouldn't register in his head.
Before Steve knew what he was doing he was reaching down into the water and taking one of Tony's hands in his own. He squeezed lightly.
Ton's fingers, which had been deftly maneuvering strands of Steve's hair (a pointless exercise; Steve wore his hair short and to army regulations, which meant it never got wild like Tony's), paused at Steve's question.
"It's cute, I guess," Banksy offered. "Donner's present next!"
"Dinosaurs sound great," Steve said with a smile. "I can't wait to see you guys."
When Tony had walked into the office, he had immediately felt underwhelmed.  His mind had conjured up images of dark laboratories and secret industrial plants.  This place looked a bit like a consulting firm.
Sam jumped up on the counter, shifting his crotch uncomfortably.  "You just can't stand to make anything easy, can you?" he teased Steve gently, giving him a weak smile.  "...hey, c'mon, he'll come around. He's your mate. He loves you. He's just shaken up, that's all."
"Yeah, hurry.  ...race that guy!" demanded Tony as they pulled up to a light with a silver BMW next to them.
Tony took off his glasses and cleaned them on his shirt.  Considering the state of the shirt, it didn't do much good.  He put the glasses back on, then looked back down at his coffee, studying it.
Tony seemed to go on about food for a while; his eyes lit up as he spoke. It was cute. "The only word I understood in all of that is vegan, I think," admitted Steve. One of his doctors had been vegan when he'd just gotten out of the ice, their colleagues had given them shit for it in the lab. He'd liked their sense of humour, the way they all joshed around with each other; it had reminded him of the Howling Commandos. "But you said Italian. So I want Italian."
is that legal..."
"I'm not trying to get rid of you...I'm just saying that if you don't want to come you don't have to. This is up to you Tony."
"Question.  Can I ask questions about this, uh, very idealistic, progressive little group?" Asked Tony, breaking the silence.
"Hey there, Captain Rogers. So, Donner had the baby?" Phil said. They all knew they hadn't come to exchange small talk.
"Yeah?  Maybe you can mate my omega for me.  Everyone else has," snapped Tony, trying to wring the liquid out of his shirt.  Pepper cringed.
Tony looked down.  A small, beaming little girl in blonde pigtails was grinning up at him.  She'd lost a few front baby teeth, giving her a lisp.
"Is Sam a good Alpha?  Is he very dominant?" asked Donner.
Tony shook his head vehemently.  "No, no no no. No children. Not even a dog.  I'm not the nurturing type. My bots are my kids."
a virgin before you," Steve insisted in a whisper, words muffled against the floor. "He never touched me, he
Piper clutched her phone to her chest when the message came through. "Thank you," she whispered.
One of the few people who wasn't gawking (Tony was standing as close he could to Malick, clearly taking some pleasure in making this as awkward as possible) was DeSoto; he scanned the crowd for Ron and perked up immediately when he saw him.  He actually grabbed Steve's hand with excitement, like they were teenage girls or something. "There's Alpha!" he said with delight.
the exhibition but Tony was clearly delighted. Steve was happy to follow his Alpha around. The smile on his face and the light in his eyes was totally worth it. Steve noticed a few people staring but most people seemed to be leaving them to their own devices. They passed one corridor and there was a kid who looked about ten who was practically staring at Steve. He gave the boy a little salute and his face lit up. Then Steve had to march on ahead to find Tony in the part about keys...wherever the hell he was.
"...sometimes you don't look great," said Tony slowly.  "Sometimes you look
Pietro tried to door; it was locked.  He gave it a kick, but the glass didn't break.  "Wanda?"
Tony opened his mouth, expecting a scream or a volley of profanities.  Instead, he heard himself say "Hi, Pepper."  Then he burst into tears and laughter all at once, and slithered to the floor, the betrayal hitting him full force, reducing him to a puddle of hysterical, sobbing human misery.
In the next hall, Steve found Tony was talking eagerly with a docent about a completely unremarkable piece of metal.
The shop was full of designer collars and not a single one's price tag wasn't in the triple digits,
... he didn't hurt you, did he?"  It was a ridiculous question, but Tony reached out and shoved up Steve's t-shirt to check his stomach.  There wasn't a mark on him. Several people cheered at Steve's abs.
Now Vanko looked upset.
Tony and Steve stared at him from the floor; Pietro had a hand on the wall to steady himself, and was clutching his jaw; Tiberius was clutching his hand; Gleason was standing protectively over Steve; the four women were all on the floor.  Wanda had a fistful of Pepper's hair; Maria's hand was shoved into her face; Aria had somehow gotten ahold of one of Pepper's shoes and had been hacking away at Wanda's shoulder with it.
The first hand began in the hundreds and rose to the thousands.  The second hand began in the thousands and rose to the tens. The third hand began in the tens and rose to the hundreds; Tony prompted lost four hundred thousand and found himself wondering, through a haze of martini, how in the fuck he was supposed to explain that to Pepper.  The most he had ever lost to gambling in one go was three million, and Pepper had been livid.
"This man..." she said tiredly. "He really is a monster."
He didn't add his secret gladness that he was spending his birthday just with Steve.  Turning forty hadn't been hard; he felt like he'd only just exited his thirties, after all, and was still young... but now, at forty-one, he was
Tony smiled a little in response to Steve's smile.  "...Dad used to say I was real stupid for a genius," he said, almost fondly.  Howard had frequently accused Tony of acting stupid and, though it had hurt at the time, Tony could now see some of the humor in it.  His IQ was immeasurable, estimated to be somewhere in the low two hundred range, and he was supposedly the third smartest man in the world.  Of all his father's biting remarks, being called "stupid" had been the one most easy to brush off. And Tony suspected that Howard hated having a kid that was smarter than him.
"I'm okay. I always want to eat it," Steve said softly. Bucky's fingers were rough and warm, perhaps rougher than he remembered but they were still an anchor. He curled his fingers gently around the other's, like Steve was afraid of Bucky pulling away.
"Give me a date, Tony."
"Nat maybe thinks that the bond didn't go away. But that perhaps Zola screwing with Bucky affected our bond or his ability to feel and that's why I
"That's the thing about double-bonding, Steve.  You get pulled in two different directions. You want to help Barnes but you want to be loyal to Tony," said Clint, idly rolling his head into Natasha's hand as she petted him.  "And don't feel bad about not liking the neck thing. It's normal not to like other Alphas touching your neck. It's a private area. The thing is, biologically, your body had accepted Barnes as your primary Alpha.  So when Tony touches it, it's going to feel weird, instinctually. And that's okay. At the end of the day, it's
to relax.
He cracked an eye open to see a torso.  A muscled stomach and the curve of a hipbone and a towel wrapped loosely around a tanned, taut waist.
A moment later he was drawing up another syringe.
" he barked.  He couldn't even remember what he was saying no to, only that they wanted something and he didn't want to give it to them.  Tony had made himself into an impenetrable tomb where he’d buried his thoughts, and he was using his own flesh to protect them.
"Jason's the kid who lives on the neighboring farm," explained Laura.
"Well, so did I," interrupted Clint.  "My dad hated me for being an omega. He was a drunk.  He used to beat me and my brother, both of us, 'cause we were both omegas.  But I don't regret existing. ...pretty sure you'd at least be better than that, right?"
He used the edge of his shield to hack through into the cage surrounding the first generator and checked with Natasha over comms before he cut the right wire. Then Steve headed back to meet her. She dropped down from a tree and nearly gave him a heart attack, pulling her goggles up without even messing up her hair.
Steve didn't know where it was, actually.  Natasha had told him she'd give him the coordinates the morning of.  She refused to e-mail or text them. Nothing sent electronically was safe from Tony and she had made it clear that she and Clint only wanted Steve.  It was shaping up to be a very intriguing mystery, actually.
"A need to please me," repeated Tony back, heart pounding in his chest.
Tony made the worst possible decision: both.
Steve couldn't deny that a doctor would bandage him up better than he could. It must be the specialist Pepper had sent for, he figured. "I guess leaving it to the doctor is best," Steve murmured, taking Tony's hand to stand. He was a little wobbly on his bad leg as he grabbed his robe, tying it around himself.
It felt wrong to say the name HYDRA in front of children somehow.
"I'm ready, let's go," announced Tony.
"It's been great to meet you Captain. I'm only sorry it wasn't in better circumstances," she said and offered him a kind smile. Steve smiled back.
"...so... what's her name?" asked Aria.
Tony hung up on Nadine.
"...what are you doing?"
Dr. Gleason paused and Steve could only imagine him struggling to keep a calm demeanor.  "...we can't really say whose it is, Mr. Malick. At this time it's too early to conduct any sort of parental test."
Pepper paused.  "...so... so you basically just want milk and sugar?"
Steve didn't return the smile.  He didn't get the way Aria was treating him at the moment. She kept asking him if he was okay. She kept looking at him like he might break- which was weird. Sure, he had bad days, but that was normal for PTSD sufferers, and he was in post-heat so he was bound to be a little emotional. But ever since his heat Aria had been strange and it wasn't like Aria hadn't seen a heat before. It wasn't
"I'll get you water if you come down!"
Steve wasn't in.  Tony pounded on the door for a solid five minutes before throwing his body against it and sliding down into a puddle of misery on the floor.  He curled up against the door, tucked his hands under his arms, and closed his eyes.  If he had to fucking camp out here all night he would.
send agents over, he's still in heat."
Tony had never quite stopped, not really.  He just lost himself in booze and drugs and parties and women and work.  He distanced himself from Peggy because she had had too much of a maternal sort of aura and Tony didn't want to feel pitied.  He had a worry that he might break down crying, something he didn't want to do in front of anyone. He never ended up crying for his parents.  Obadiah, who had always been like an uncle to him, let him reshape their relationship as business partners and equals, and Tony had felt safe talking shop with him, never being asked how he felt.  He didn't know how he felt. He just didn't want to explore it.
Heads turned, curious, eyes widening with recognition.  A television mounted in the corner was tuned to a local news station, where there was a breaking story about a terrorist attack on the Stark Expo.
Then he hung up.
Gleason blinked.
Pepper reached out and grabbed him.  "No one's leaving until we're sure they're safe.  Doctor, did you bring the suppressants?"
Somehow, Tony suspected that, no matter how bonded they were, Steve would always maintain his positions.  That he and Tony would have friendly, loving debates when they disagreed, but that Steve wouldn't ever back down.  That was Steve in a nutshell, and Tony loved him for it.
"We should but...maybe not at half eight in the morning," Steve said. They also didn't have their phones or any of the stuff from their hotel room. Aria had assured them she was getting it sent over and it should be with them by late afternoon. The Alphas might have raided their suite but...there was nothing
Tony shoved a pile of papers at Steve; there was a drawing and lines and lines of math.  "That's a tesseract.  It's a geometric shape... a 4D cube, basically.  Maybe 'Tesseract' is a new coding language or something... I don't know."  He looked over at Steve, and added, "Don't worry about Clint.  If he couldn't handle himself I'm sure they would call you or Natasha in."
"...which is why we're such a good pair," he added, serious again.
It wasn't until they were ordering coffee afterwards that T'Chaka broached the subject.
"Can we go home?  I can't believe I'm saying we should cut out of a party early, but my hand is kind of messed up," said Tony.  As usual, he was making a huge understatement regarding his injuries; the broken fingers were swollen to twice their normal size and had gone from red to purple.  "Besides, George said he wanted to cut out, too. He doesn't handle his booze well and Donner's kind of overwhelmed... I told Georgie that Happy could drive them home with us."
"Oh, God, the syrup!" shrieked Pepper, who was watching the brutal murder of the white couch through her fingers.
back out... this is only our first stop and they're already all over us--"
"I mean, it's not that permanent... I think you can get it reversed," interrupted Tony.  "And he's got family! He's got a cousin... and he's about to have another cousin! A... what... cousin three time removed?  Two whole cousins!"
"So don't tell them," Gleason said.
"Stan, who's breaking your plane?" prompted Pepper.
He was currently reading an article about Steve, which featured a picture of him.  He traced the blond's face longingly, remembering his smell, his taste, a smoky, piney musk with a salted caramel finish, a taste that reminded him of Coney Island and bright summer days on the boardwalk and winter nights in crowded tenement buildings and snowball fights with bright red scarves.  Everything about Steve was a nostalgic hint of memories that the soldier currently did not have access to, but ones he was confident were important and useful.
"I can't," she repeated serenely, smiling at them.  "I don't have clothes."
"Well, that's omegas for you.  They're all very artsy and creative.  My Benny's like that, too," said the man, still trying to make peace.
He couldn't imagine the pain. He thought he'd lost a bond once with Bucky and he'd been wrong. Steve had no idea what he was going through.  His and Bucky's bond had only been hibernating, but it had been there.  He'd been able to feel it, even if he hadn't realized it.  Bond severance was not something he could relate to.
He pressed himself up against Steve, trying to lure him into swaying with the music, which was a strange mixture of jazz and rap, as if Steve's generation and Tony's had crashed into each other.
Steve shook his head. "They're angry and hurt. They don't know any better. But it's a good thing I was knocked out."
"You did good Steve."
"I don't recall being especially bad in the nineties."
"Won't you go into heat within the next ten hours?" Mac asked, glancing over at Steve who seemed very content to have Tony draped over him. His Alpha was making him feel safer so the closer they were, the better.
