Sherlock’s eyes blink open, his body jerking. John breathes a sigh a relief. His palm is on Sherlock’s forehead, feeling his temperature.
John brushes fingers over her sunny curls, exhaling a shaky puff of air. He holds her, careful not to make her clothes wet by his own and opens the bathroom door. The silence of 221B is deafening. He purses his lips, ducks his head in shame, and makes his way upstairs, settling her in her cot. He kisses her forehead, chest clenching at the reddened skin of her cheeks, raw by her tears even after washing them off. He loves her too much to give up…
Sherlock ordered the best stopper he could find. If Mrs Hudson was surprised to be delivered it at 10pm, she did not let anything show. Sherlock watched her try to reason with John about how to install it the next day. Was not long until she batted John away, exasperated, and did it herself (“How on earth did you serve in the Army if you don’t know how to screw properly, John?”). Sherlock smiled behind his laptop’s screen. ‘Mmm? How indeed, John?’
“Oh. Okay.” He can’t help but add: “You too?”
‘Look at me. Look at me!’
“I… I want
“John?”
“Are you drunk?”
“Sorry.” Sherlock takes it, trying to arrange some pillows in the process.
But never with family; not face to face.
Sherlock frowns, barely a reaction. His fingers are shaking wild. John inhales through his nose, chest puffing with the effort.
“Whatever happened, anyway?” Greg inquires.
“Come on now…” John pulls him to rest on his shoulder, wrapping an arm around him carefully. “She’ll want it back in no time, you’ll see. There there…”
John curls his fingers tight around the rough texture of a cheap blanket, thumb rubbing the fabric carefully slow, concentrating, categorising, holding on to the sense of touch as all others have seemed to abandon him. His throat tasting only bile and his nose blocked by the smoke of a dream. Holding on to reality, persuading himself he’s not running, not chasing, not burning up.
“John!”
“Your judgement is not the soundest either”
‘Shut up. No. Of course not’
“When we sat together on the couch it was… Good”, he says, his voice wavering only a little.
John pursed his lips. Nodded, sniffed. “Okay. Yeah. Okay”, he said. He looked away. His right hand flexed, something his right hand never did. Oh. The left was still curled around Sherlock’s palm. Sherlock felt quite like an idiot, and he wasn’t sure why. Sherlock’s own left hand was shaking, faintly. The weight above it kept it steady.
The silence overwhelms him. The kettle has stopped boiling.
He longs for the constant murmur of excitement, of experiments in the kitchen, pacing over hardwood floors, leather sofa or armchair creaking with a familiar body flopping on them. He longs for, for, for-
“I know it’s not easy and all, and that it takes work. And I… I’m prepared to do it. I want to. I
“John, I have Hudders, Rosie, you. I’m quite alright” Why would he expect them to call? Molly is angry, Mycroft is Mycroft, Greg is… He does not know if Greg is angry, but he can understand that, to him, he was just useful.
Stupid dog’
be okay... But I… I need to tell you. I need you to know”
John breathes. No, of course not. Not a problem. Sherlock is… John wants him. In his head. In his life. To care for his daughter. He wants him-
John looks as if he was punched between the shoulder-blades. “No”, he whispers. “No”. And then “Bloody hell”.
“N-no. She stopped. Everything. She couldn’t- She didn’t even cry. She just looked at the ceiling at night when I got her back from-” He freezes.
Melodies.
“Late?” There’s the perplexed frown again.
. The back tightly wrapped in elegant lines of a shirt suddenly facing the raging John Watson.
Sherlock snorts.
Sherlock found that the silence stretched uncomfortably but was not sure how to find comfort in words either. He cleared his throat a little, and reached for a water glass, before he remembered there wasn’t any.
He will be with them tomorrow, at the therapist. He will be with them. Needed
“Oh you don’t know”, John feigns surprise. Sherlock’s hair at the nape of his neck stands on end, as if bristling with static. He can imagine John smirking, his lips pulled into that mocking half-smile that so many people mistake for approval and take as encouragement.
“Yes, I know, I know, sweet girl.” He says in hushed whispers, flicking on the light and going for the fridge. “But we must keep quiet, alright?”
“Mmmaybe”
He wants to
The want. The need. John presses his palms inside his eye sockets with a grunt. In the silence of 221B a man could hope. A man could despair. A man could love. He wasn’t that man. He wasn’t the man Sherlock thought him to be. He told him so. But that was the point, wasn’t it? That’s what one should get when pursuing… a
Same family. Same upbringing. Same experiences. How can she think she’s normal when he can’t either. The difference is… She’s using it against him and she doesn’t admit there’s something she needs to fix for herself in the process. She is just taking advantage of him feeling like shit.
him. A need he has been denying so much that it has consumed it, all of him, so that now, in this very moment, all that’s left of him is need. To hold. To be held. To touch.
John was not expecting that. Sherlock can see it in the way he starts a little, his eyes widening. He opens his mouth to object, but Sherlock is already speaking.
“John…”
His eyes took in the haphazard mess in the sink, shards and spoons and pieces of toast dumped in, a construction ready to collapse further any moment. It made him think of abandoned rooms and crumbling walls, their torn wallpaper hanging like a fallen flag, the floor littered with white dust that shone even in the darkness. He clutched Honeybee tighter onto his chest, away from the nightmare within him.
). Right. Any medical personnel that meets him have that tendency, it seems. But there is something deeper than aches in his bones. Even when these let him sleep, it is the nightmares that punch him awake. Nightmares in the form of a void. And these have been left where they are for a very long time.
“I’ll help you look. It’s all fine. We wouldn’t leave Rosie in the bathroom alone, even when everything is secure.”
“For real?”
“Shush. It was wonderful.”
But how does one start talking out of the blue?
“Yes. Of course you don’t. Your efforts are testimony to that. Nothing her words can change”
His eyes slowly glaze over their joined palms.
It’s only a breath this time.
There is no reply. He was not truly expecting any. He scuttles forward a little. John does not retreat, but the tension in his frame coils, hardens. Sherlock stops, and waits. John lowers his head. His hand is still on his hair, locked around a silver handful. It is still pulling, the knuckles bone-white.
5.55. Sherlock begins to pace again, his wine-red nightgown brushing against his heels -counting is forgotten. It can't be that he imagined the words, the promise, however disgruntled it had been, however fed up the tone in which it was delivered
“What?! Oh, yes, I’m, um, I-”
“Alright. Good. Let’s start with something easier, shall we?” She leans forward, hands over her knees. He only looks at her pad. He reads upside down. There’s nothing wrong written on it. There’s nothing saying he’s nuts.
Neither of them speaks for a while as Rosie tries to feed her elephant this time, and babbles excitedly when its pink face is slathered with cream.
“She’s going to be okay. We’re taking care of her, aren’t we?”
Yes, all John Watson wants to do is shout at himself, hit his face on the wall. Hard. To scream, inflict pain on his own body, make himself bleed so that he can finally be free of his mind.
John lets himself lean over until their shoulders are touching. There might be a hundred unresolved issues but… for once, they have time for all of them.
“No.” Sherlock whispers, darkness clawing at his throat. “I don’t know why.”
John snorts, but he is beginning to yield. The lines on his face soften.
that. Sherlock understands now. Of course a father filled with hatred would turn on his son like a rabid wolf, for fear of his pride and legacy being disrupted by
Sherlock never knows where the line is. Cannot be sure when it will appear next. But he knows it is there, delimiting the possible from the impossible. That it is in John’s hands, and John’s hands alone.
‘Were you just…?’
Sherlock shakes his head, not comprehending. Refusing. Denying. In vain. “No. You will not do it and I won’t let you. John. Listen to me.” Sherlock reaches a careful hand.
“Oh, she’s… good. Even though her professional tone is… um… not very polished. She seems a well-versed specialist”
The small voice surprises John.
“Big girl already, huh?” She covers up his pause, face eager to listen to everything they have to say, indicating she already guessed the age anyway.
lying to John. To the John that forgave him, that trusted him, that wanted to be his friend, his
“Are you alright? Dr Watson?”
“Oh, but of course, you’re above all that.” John snaps his head to Sherlock. “Funny, isn’t it?” Sherlock flips a dismissive wrist her way.
Rosie chooses a spot, a little above the level of her eyes, and proudly pins her abstract pink elephant in place. The world zooms in at the blue of the magnet.
He fishes in his pocket for his phone. There’s little he can do. The option of calling, for one, is beyond consideration. Sherlock doubts John will even pick up. And he would not blame him for it. Last night. Last night was a disaster. He should have just kept his big mouth shut.
“An extensive collection of authentic jewellery made from exotic stones from all over the world.”
“You are angry”, Sherlock states. Normally, stating the obvious is criminal offense. He doubts it is obvious this time. In this moment, John is not angry; John is
She whimpers, fussing against his loose grip. “Stay still just for a minute, Rosie, please. Just until the thermometer beeps, alright?”
“It’s alright, John. Explain what you can for now.”
“You don’t have to”, Sherlock repeats coolly.
“It was me”, he admits finally over a sigh.
It takes hold. Like a sap buried in winter with its life renewed with sunlight, John’s back straightens, his face eases, and he can stand. A purpose. A path.
He had a purpose now. He had a way. He could save John Watson.
“Yes.” Sherlock clips.
He saw John’s eyebrows knit together, the creases digging deeper, tiny brooks filling with water.
Honeybee pauses but then waves her spoon in Mrs. Hudson’s direction, and she huffs over a smile, as if unable to believe such an honour. “Why, thank you, darling -but I just had breakfast. All yours”
He can’t.
According to Sherlock, it had been the fifth consecutive time in an interval of little less than an hour -apparently that’s what ‘all day’ means-, with breaks in between, distractions and sweettalk and an overall good mood. Now, it’s the eighth, and Sherlock has been growing even more concerned by the minute, this time not even waiting a while before offering Rosie the penguin again and of course ending up disappointed.
“If it peaks again, we’ll see what we’ll do. But for now, at least it’s down a little bit”
Honeybee babbles to John sleepily, and he takes her out of the baby chair and hugs her against his chest, hushing “there, there”, and whispering to her, kissing her button nose; “want a nap, flower? Hm? With your elephant and blankie?”. He’s so quiet when he talks to her like that, as if he wants to create a world privy only to the two of them.
It’s not as stunned-sounding as it was before, but there is a breathy element to it.
. More memories flash. Harsher. Shakier. John’s mind spins.
“You haven’t eaten, have you?”, he asks her, his voice warm as a knowing smile
John is studying the tabletop, the scratches on its old wood, the cracks where the polish could not hold anymore.
“Look. Sherlock. I don’t… I don’t want to press -or assume. And I know I suck at this. But”. He took a deep breath with his eyes closed, let it out again in a calculated, deliberate way. His eyes rose to Sherlock’s. “I want you to be better. I want to
“Oh shush, young man. Doctor Watson, keep taking care of him”
Sherlock frowns, nods.
“Just let me know if you want me to find it. Alright?” He waited for Sherlock’s numb nod of affirmation before eating some more -if not without visible effort. Sherlock tried not to wince. ‘What am I doing?’
And I don’t know why”
Yet she had grown agitated soon, a pout and a frown clouding over the rosy, puffed up cheeks, little rolling hills on the landscape of her face, as she demanded to be free of the baby chair constraints, little fists banging on the table.  John had conceded with a quiet groan, and fought to wipe her face and hands clean, ended up with smears of baby food on one cheek and on the nose. And then he had unstrapped her and placed her gently down at the feet of her chair.
“Is this your daily act of kindness, John?”
“Sure”
Sherlock pauses at the door, cup of steaming tea in hand. His voice was hardly more than a whisper, but the breathing pattern of the man in front of him pauses, and then changes with a groan. He watches as John shifts to his back, rubs a hand over his face. The dark circles under his eyes make him look five years older. He pushes his fringe back with sloppy, sleepy fingers. His silver hair, not washed yesterday to remove the gel, is now caked in product. It separates thin strands of tufts into ridges that glisten in the bleak winter sun pooling in from the window as John straightens up in bed, accompanied by the sounds of popping vertebrae as he flexes his spine.
It is structured as a safe place, suitable for children, schools close-by, amusement parks, a health centre and metro just minutes away from the whole area. He could get a job easily. The pay would be good. The lifestyle better. The air smoother. Their walks longer. Easier. He would have more time for Rosie. Wouldn’t need to leave half an hour earlier due to commute. Would be home early, have more open and cheaper choices of where to do the shopping, maybe find fresher fruits and vegetables and a wider variety of local products.
“Hm?”
John kneels in front of the baby park and smiles to his daughter, patting the small elephant’s head. Rosie giggles.
He pulled his pyjamas on with sharp movements, growing impatient at the way his left hand would not obey him, long fingers wobbly and feeble in their grip.
“You little rascal.” John lets go, only to squeeze her close and curl his body over her. A small sniff escapes him.
“Oh…”
John looks at his watch. Then the thermometer on the coffee table. He smiles.
Eventually, Rosie was back at her cot. John swallowing the fact his hands were shaking too much for him to hold her steady for long. He sat at the edge of his bed, looked straight ahead. The morning light peeked through the light curtains of his window. His fingers were tight fists by then. He didn’t dare look. He could just see it in his mind’s eye already. His wrist shaky, fist aching from the strain.
There’s some version of himself down the road. Shouting. He can feel it in his throat. Hoarse. Dry. He can see the man fall from the ground. And the roof. All at once. All too much. His foot is on the ledge and his mouth is screaming. Muscles stretching. Lips breaking. Throat burning.
Rosie grabs her small spoon, already laid there by John earlier, and shakes it through the air like a sword. She babbles and points it to Sherlock’s direction as well as John’s with a questioning sound. John shrugs at him. ‘Can’t ignore that, mate. She’s too cute for you.’
It’s not that bad an orange juice, after all.
John considers.
John shakes himself and places her on his lap, his half-smile coming into view.
. But there is only so much even he can resist. John is sun-bright, and impossible to reach, and Sherlock longs for him. He is bound to John, dancing in circles around him, a little bee tied on a string. He
Sherlock shudders, and the grip tightens in response to steady him. His bandaged hand stings from the cuts, his head hurts, his chest heavy from breathing so hard. John is ever there, ever his soldier, his shield, his anchor.
“Sherlock Holmes. Would you forgive me?”
“Nothing, just…” Ella shrugs.
“We have discussed, with Ella. A lot. About… Look, the problem, with me, it’s not… It’s not the drinking. I mean, it
He stops, and a soft smile creeps on the corner of his lips.
Sherlock exhales slowly. It is ten past nine. The battlefield calls, he should hurry.
Much later, after two hectic hours of flu patients and two sprained ankles John feels his phone vibrating again inside his pocket. He hasn’t had time to check but now he does, already smiling at the thought of another text from Sherlock. The letters on the screen make his blood boil. He turns it to silent and buzzes in his next patient.
Significant like no other.
“See? Will be alright. Got to go now, okay?”
She scrunches up her nose, looks down and mumbles. She’s being shy, a flower afraid to bloom too fast. Sherlock can’t suppress a chuckle and another kiss for her. “Show me, then?”, he prompts gently.
“I’m glad for you.”
The eyes that weren’t looking at him were now drilling holes at his back. Bullet holes, metal lodged into his flesh, and yet still moving, pushing, pushing like worms through dirt, to eat away more, to hurt more, tunnels through his body, accusing, biting, chewing. Through him, for a way through him. Everything. And nothing. The eyes. The bloody eyes of sapphire, cracked mirrors, empty, red, red, red-
Sherlock chuckles, helps Rosie squeeze her elephant closer. “It’s alright. Perhaps we could buy a second, identical one. You know, to have a spare.”
John licks over his dry lips with an equally dry tongue. Water. Sherlock rushes to get him some water, supports him as he raises up on an elbow to drink two sips, and then helps him lie down again.
He takes his phone out of his pocket again, and this time does unlock it. Mechanically, he browses through an overflowing inbox. He had forgotten to deactivate the email address provided on the blog, of course this would happen sooner than later. There is a childish email thrown in there too, much like the one about Bluebell, so many years ago. He smiles, inevitably thinks of Rosie sleeping upstairs. His lips freeze, and numbly straighten, and then their edges point down, just so, like drooping flowers. Sherlock turns off his phone, movements slow as if he’s sleepwalking, and cradles his head in a palm. Then two. Then his spine is curled and his knees are up and he is shaking.
#Kudos_and_comments_feed_our_plot_piranhas.
“Because it goes back and forth. Once we’ve reached a point of progress, it all… deteriorates… I don’t know if me caring matters, if me helping, being there for him changes anything.”
“He hasn’t… lapsed at all, has he?”
“Thank you. Come on, Rosie, we’re going to take your temperature now, alright?” If he just keeps talking to her, it will help. She will be calmer. It will be alright.
“Okay. Thank you for letting me know”.
It is an exhale. A single shallow breath that John grabs. He grabs and holds on. To opportunity, to the gracious offering of his one current, urgent desire. He holds on and wants to spill his gratitude all around it. Banishing the doubts that it was too soon. Chaining up the precious words… They work better together.
“I’m hungry.” Sherlock announces about halfway through at a commercial break.
How to help? What to do? It’s too much. Too much. Is this right? Getting Rosie to a therapist. Asking Sherlock to come. Is he doing right by either of them? Or is he failing?
He has known since before he jumped. In hindsight, maybe since the start. Though seven years later everything seems to have happened so fast that it’s hard to tell if there was One, precise moment in time when it all began (and he regrets that he does not know that moment, assuming it existed, that he has not immortalised it and protected it from the mundanity of every other dull minute of existence). But when it appeared, his little problem was constantly with him. It was there in the form of thoughts, daydreams. Impulses. In the form of jealousy and anger, longing and wistfulness, bouts of giggly happiness that erupted from nowhere. In the form of trust and pride. In the form of clammy palms and a tingly belly, a wayward brain and a new, brand new, beautiful, meticulously kept and organised wing in his Mind Palace.
He sits at Sherlock’s right and offers the remote to him.
Someone should yank his own hair out of his skull-
.” Slow. “Again.” He snarls.
“What people say is of little importance to me, John.” It’s soft and hard at the same time.
He feels he’s playing a game he lacks the rules for, and with every word John says, the truth he has only just managed to grasp gets twisted and twisted, and incomprehensible again.
“How you went to all this trouble to find what it was and all.”
“Shhh shhhh… hush, little girl.” John breathes over tear-stained cheeks, leaning his head down to her. Creating a protective cave over her. “We’ll be there soon. Promise.”
“If you’d like- to, help?” John empties the contents of the pan on their plates, moves the tray on the table, some bacon and cheese and pepper and salt, some beans too and their toasted bread coming. “Last few times haven’t been…” He stirs Rosie’s fruit purée, teeth dragging over his lip in concentration -and a little bit avoidance.
. His jaw is set so tight his teeth hurt.
Sherlock has seen him like this before. He has seen the calmer version; date gone wrong, frustrating impossible case, frustrating impossible Sherlock. He has seen the deadly one; at his return, at the talk in the empty houses and its continuation at 221B. But altogether, he can feel that whatever this is, it is nothing exactly like every other time he has seen John Watson being angry.
“Sherlock? Good lord, you’ve turned white as a sheet! Here, I’ll take her, and you calm yourself down and call John, alright?”
The sound makes John’s ears almost prickle. The consonant drawn out, tongue pressing almost lazily against Sherlock’s front teeth. Bringing a spark of the old Sherlock back. The alive one. Wired up in a wave of waiting to burst energy. Electricity. Never you mind that it is dulled by Sherlock’s empty grey gaze. John can lock that away for now; he can ignore. Just something that small. Just for now. For their sake.
“John-”
“Breathe… Breathe, you git, I can hear you thinking”, John chuckles, and it’s white, and honey-gold.
John shakes himself and sits back with mouth wide open.
Leaving the tray at the kitchen table, covering the plates with a tea towel to keep the food warm, John manages to drag his unwilling body to the corridor. A closed door is all he can see. Definite. Exact. Precise.
“Why?”
“Great”
If he could have it once, forgiveness, the rekindling of friendship, then, maybe… He could have it once again? Maybe he
“She just… smiled.” Sherlock’s tone is steady but one can hear the emotion behind it. “Truly.”
“It’s alright. Here, ready for bed now”
“Me neither”, John grins, and goes back to washing the dishes. Sherlock’s smile only grows. He had not dared imagine it could be like this. Even though the sky is not clear and the clouds are still there, as well as the promise of cracked ice beneath his feet, there is a clearing now, sparse rays of sunshine reaching into the ruins in his mind, caressing them. Making them beautiful again.
We'll let you make a educated guess on which animal this is, shall we?
John takes a few slow steps, leaves one cup on the coffee table and takes a small sip from his.
John’s voice is breathy, in counterpoint to the gurgled laugh of Honeybee. And before Sherlock can process what is happening, a small warm bundle has collided against his calves.
“Why can’t you just stay in one place for a while?” his tone was more accusatory than he meant it.
“Alright”. He shrugs. “Sure”.
His daughter. His little girl. No one has the right to accuse him of raising her like- raising her like-
Slicked back curls, skin shining with myriads of droplets caught on stubbly cheeks, tone confused, gaze incredulous. In any other case, John would have laughed.
Now it means only pain. Pain. John gulps for air, pleading it wasn’t audible. He shifts, on the verge of falling to the floor, feeling scorched. He hopes... he had hoped Sherlock would see his concern as care... John knew only too little ways to show him and he was terribly late to start anyway, but-
And he’s not supposed to be on the verge of tears. His chin is trembling, the left edge of his lips quivering, fist shaking, eyelids blinking too fast but at random intervals. His nose pinched just that little bit at the bridge, as if he is trying to hold his entire body still, in place.
He doesn’t think. He doesn’t want to. Everything he needs is with him. Almost as little as he had when he came home from the war. Most of it is Rosie’s. His daughter. Still asleep against his chest. Baker Street. That’s where all his medical journals and books or anything that his wife didn’t fancy are anyway. The upstairs bedroom. He feels like a refugee. A refugee trying to get home. Knowing when he gets there nothing will be the same.
“Oh lord” John laughs into Honeybee’s curls, and she mushes her face against his neck in content reply. “Want to come with me to put her to sleep?”
Sherlock frowns. There must already have been problems for the fights to occur, and for the mother to disappear. John’s father must already have been an explosive, threatening person. So why she did not take her children with her is beyond him. Beyond John, too, judging by the look in his eyes. Beneath the courage of a soldier, straightening his spine and looking the enemy in the eye, there is the confusion of a child left to cope with a monster. Sherlock shivers.
“Oh, god… that… that means…”
Sherlock knows that what is happening is not in the bottles, empty or not, and that throwing them away changes nothing. Something is happening, under the surface, stirring, moving. He can’t name it. He doesn’t dare approach it. But he knows it’s there. Eating John alive from the inside. Deepening his worry lines, worsening the tremor in his hand, strangling his words to nods and grunts. There are times his eyes are empty and glassy, transparent like ice.
Sherlock stands up with reluctance, taking the penguin from John’s hand and holding it close to his chest. His face is a mask, impassive and pale, hiding so much underneath. It’s not as steady as it would be years ago. John can already see the cracks on the surface.
“Sorry.”
“Sherlock, I-”
John’s gaze falls on the most honest expression he has ever seen and it is that which unsettles him.
His hair moves with the wind, tufts slapping his face. The fire falls with him. Follows. All to one goal. All to one point in space.
‘Damn’
He settles, grits his teeth, and raises his chin.
“I would offer tea.” He gestures to the kitchen. “But I believe the matter at hand is of the utmost importance, isn’t it?” His head tilts an inch.
“Good. Was she silent?”
“Is it a headache, dear? Want some-“
“Okay. What did she do?”
Hot water is being poured in mugs. John gathers himself, watching his face in the mirror. Their silent listening session is done. He finds he looks good, despite the mood. Presentable. He reaches for the hair product but stops midway. Cackles appear inside his head, slurs forming, memories surfacing. Not a good day today. ‘Got it.’ He ruffles his hair with shaky fingers and goes out to the kitchen.
Yet once there, with a palm on the doorknob, he pauses. Runs a hand through his hair to brush it away from his forehead and eyes, straightens his white shirt, makes sure it's tucked in his black dress trousers meticulously. Sets his jaw, tips his chin up just so. With shoulders squared, Sherlock opens the door.
There’s a crash from the kitchen and John’s breath is cut short.
“John?” Sherlock’s eyes are worried. Huge, innocent orbs. Lost, just as lost as they were then.
Freak.
“Yeah, I know. Old bone of contention. Stubborn git” And then John smiles.
John doesn’t take very long. “Thank god they bring you your order. I would never have managed”, he grins, and sits down again.
far gone?
Sherlock sees John’s jaw muscles working out of the corner of his eye.
A pause. Sherlock doesn’t correct him, doesn’t interrupt, just waits, and John is all the more grateful again. Because this is what he has been building up to. What he needs to do, to make sure Sherlock doesn’t believe all that, doesn’t believe he deserved it.
(See the end of the chapter for
“There’s something- something else, I need to talk to you about.” He whispers.
“He’s been a vital part of your life and your recovery and I was wondering… if you’d like to talk about him.”
‘Not both.’
How can he ask? Demand? To hold, to nurture, to love… How can he kiss this man, touch him, without poisoning him, without his hands not being the hands that broke his body, without his lips not being the lips that snarled abuse?
John promised. John has already started.
“Dum-dum”
“Harry-”
He… He wants to give.
He scowls and runs to the bathroom, hoping his companion won’t hear until he’s done.
The physical contact has stirred something. Something impossible. John can see conflict in Sherlock’s eyes. There’s silence and then there’s a gasp. Air gushes into and out of Sherlock’s lungs and John’s arms are heavy like lead. Like he just performed CPR.
“It doesn’t mean-”
"Come on"
“It’s all about balance, you know.” She offers as a small point in an ongoing conversation. It draws him back to reality, excitement tempered, a kite slumping to the ground again.
is going to be. Soon. His lips purse.
“Thirty-seven point eight, two hours ago. Gave her more ibuprofen and some milk”
“Morning, Hudders”. He smiles at her, and she pats his arm as he walks down the last step. And then takes a step back, eyeing him up and down and clicking her tongue in approval.
It is the fact this area is so great for children, that makes this appointment so special, John keeps reminding himself. The walls around him constrict, shift, loom over him, like the trenches he used to hide under to escape death, fate, destiny. The sorrowful line of a bullet fired, released from its keeper to the forces of mere luck. The mantra of qualifications rolls like credits in his mind, following the elevator’s small noises and Rosie’s puffy breaths against his chest. She’s nestled, curled up, not looking around anymore, and John can’t reassure her. He can’t even reassure himself.
Honeybee whines, not in protest exactly, but she definitely does not sound happy. She burrows closer to Sherlock, who leans his head against hers soothingly, just a little bit. If John watches, he does not want to see the expression on his face.
Sherlock doesn’t pull away.
He hopes that cot takes a long time to fix. It doesn't. When John takes Rosie from his arms there is a weight on his heart, as if a stone was pressing down on it. When John's steps carry Honeybee away, Sherlock looks at his empty arms, his now trembling hands. Is revisited by that empty feeling in his stomach. It's ominous. It would be only too cruel if his own last hope and dream turned sour again, wouldn't it. Sherlock is sure that it would. And that it will happen to him anyway.
“You can think about that and next time we can discuss your preferences, alright?”
And because John doesn’t know about
No. He doesn’t want to believe that. There must be a way. A secret path he must discover. To escape this. Find a way out. Out. OUT.
“You would?” John turns to him, and this time his eyes are open but vulnerable. They make Sherlock’s body rigid with decisiveness, with the will to protect.
It feels like a journey is over.
Something cracks inside him. Like lighting cracks. It’s a storm of his own. He grabs John’s free hand, pulls, so that John is startled enough not to resist, and places it onto his hair, onto the lush black curls. His fingers coil, a blanket over John’s hand so that John’s fingers coil too, and he makes them both pull at a handful of his hair.
John shakes his head. Back to the matter at hand. Would Sherlock ever want to move? With him? With Rosie? Could Sherlock ever see them as a whole? Does he already see them as such? Or is it a passing thing? Until John can stand on his two feet alone again? At which point, what will happen? They have established their friendship, their devotion to each other, to be better. So, what if John could find his own place again? Would Sherlock want to join him? Could they discuss such a possibility? When they were both better, of course.
“I have tried to approach you. To help you”, Harry continues as if she hasn’t heard. “But you always,
A revelation.
John’s jaw muscles bulge as he swallows. “Calm. For once. Just… calm. I want to be fucking left alone. Just, just left alone”
Sherlock does not want to see what John saw. He would give too much away if he knew just how much he had been unable to conceal. Tomorrow, he will not be able to put it off for longer. Tomorrow he will have to learn how to navigate this new state of affairs. To understand it, above all -how can he and John always
Sherlock is looking at him. John knows. Even from the corner of his eyes, John knows. He knows because he feels it. Burning. Relentless. He knows because he feels Sherlock’s pain, Sherlock’s cursed knowledge being validated, becoming truth, spoken by the person that intended to leave him. Again. Forever.
“Hand okay?”
It’s a flood he can’t sustain.
“Time to head home, I think.” John murmurs to himself.
“We missed you at breakfast.” John whispers, trying to reach. Reach.
“She…” John’s voice comes out strangled, as if his windpipe was being crushed. “She thinks I’m fucking up my own child. That living here is a mistake. That I am not letting her see Rosie because… Because I’m a freaking brute or something”
That day…
“Yes. Thank you”
“I’m here for you”, John said, softly. “If you’ll let me”. He inhaled sharply and pulled his eyes away, downwards, to their joined hands. He cleared his throat, shifted a little to settle better. He was nervous. Sherlock shook his head to clear away the shock. John was nervous, as if he felt there was a possibility Sherlock would reject him.
“Come to her appointment with me? It’s this Tuesday. At 10.30”
That’s what it was. That’s what it must be.
John’s eyes shot to him, imploringly. He was holding his breath.
John huffs a small chuckle, turning to the sink again, scratching a stain on the steel with much unnecessary fervour. Dry kitchen brush clasped so firmly in his fingers that he can see his own knuckles turning white at his frantic movements.
“What are you doing, genius? Come on-”
“It is dinner time, isn’t it? Rosie, tell Sherlock, please.”
family…
?” John asks, without moving away.
“Hm, that’s good, she’s starting to have confidence again though. It’s good.”
Hit him.
Mrs. Hudson returns with the thermometer, handing it to him before rushing to the kitchen. “Will get started on some chicken soup. Some broth could help”
“Mm?” John pretends not to hear. His eyes stray down to Sherlock’s chin. His hand reaches, his thumb and fingers gentle brush over the auburn stubble that left unchecked could grow into soft curls, cleaning it up as much as he can, cherishing the feel of Sherlock’s chin, the place under it, tracing it, mapping it. So soft. Tingly.
“John?”
Sherlock stays quiet.
Besides, isn’t that what he and John did, back then? At its core it was helping each other.
“But... Sherlock-“
“Er, yeah, yes, of course.”
A few tufts are brushed back from her forehead by long pale fingers. John remembers all the months Sherlock and Rosie spent apart, all the times they both must have longed for each other; based on their ever-close relationship on the months her mother was on her world-tour. He remembers Sherlock’s eyes when she didn’t recognise him at first, when they moved back in. He remembers his reluctance to hold her in front of John, to ask for her, to talk to her. He still has it all now. Still fights to not overstep. To not appear too much like the parent he truly is. More than John ever has been. He sees and observes and remembers and he still, still worries. Still has to make such an awful thing as to separate them by one floor. John can’t breathe.
“Yes”, Sherlock croaked. “I do. I will”
Sherlock pauses, tries to calm the mess that has become of his mind. It is not the first time that someone has told him he did not deserve all he’s been through. John was the first, two nights ago. But this is the first time he hears this in relation to
It's a ride in hell. There are too many bodies pressed so close to his, too many strangers haloed in question-marks. John's face is set tight and taught, like stretched clay. A baby is screeching, a woman is chatting away on her phone loud enough for everyone's hearing courtesy, there is a team of schoolboys talking animatedly behind him, a couple bickering to his left. It all goes straight to his brain and squeezes, squeezes, squeezes, until he wants to cry out from the pain of keeping it all in, and it keeps coming and coming, hordes of it, of sound and strangers and question marks and pressure pressure pressure. He wants to go home. He wants home, he needs home, he needs-
“Shhh shhh, shhh, Papa’s here. Papa’s here, sweetheart.” His palm rubs over her small back as she settles with her face at the crook of his neck.
John’s mind -that is ultimately his own, but apparently not- stops.
They look at each other, settling under each other’s gaze.
He is over fixating. Being paranoid. He has to reach out. He promised to try.
“I don’t pity you”, John says steadily, stubbornly, with a small defiant smile on his lips.
When he’d opened his eyes that morning, his eyelids heavy as if they would have to be peeled open like a second skin, he’d only wanted to let his body sink beneath the crumpled covers, wishing the mattress would open up, liquid and amorphous, and swallow him in. The prospect of facing John, his sunken-in eyes, the hard line of his thin lips, had turned his limbs to stone. Made him wish that, for this once, he could obliterate his pride, gulp down his protests, drown the pain of pity, the fear of being nothing, nothing at all, to just give John what he needed. To keep them going, keep them afloat.
They’re a few centimetres apart again when Sherlock freezes, going rigid, breath stuttering.
Sherlock is not sure why, but he has a feeling that he should give John some time and space. “Will make some tea”, he murmurs, retreating into the kitchen.
“You are free to do as you wish, of course. But having said that, I also need to tell you that you don’t make a shit-show out of anything”
John unexpectedly chuckles. The low rumble usually joining him -in good days bygone- doesn’t this time, but when he glances over the table, Sherlock is at least breaking a tiny smile.
“Oh” Sherlock leans back on his chair, and motions for John to sit too. The physical aspect of things. His heart kicks like a frustrated horse. What does that refer to exactly? What is things, and what does John want to change, what does he-
“John!” The genius had exclaimed the moment John was inside from his early morning shift.
John shakes his head, a fond smile on his face, joy blooming through his chest. This is the first time Sherlock sought to eat on his own and John is sure the words that just left his friend’s mouth haven’t done so for years.
“Alright”, John is saying in appeasement. “We did not exactly figure things out. We have established our mutual dislike, and I hope that will be all for the foreseeable future”
He’s down the stairs, thrown by the waves of silence, yet he’s stopped. His only strength, his mind. His will to bring himself back to it. His chest expands to the fullest, but he still doesn’t feel like breathing. His heartrate is spiking, channelling much needed blood to his brain, his muscles, his body. His eyes close. That should bring back the calmness. That always helps underwater, doesn’t it? Letting one’s fate in the sea’s arms. Letting the waves lull oneself into sleep. Hearing but not seeing. Not feeling. Only the coolness of one’s skin and the bubbly rhythmic sound of water. It must help.
We are sorry for taking a while, but we had told you it was a difficult period for both your writers. Good news is, we are settled now,and going back to weekly updates (same day as always, Thursday).
“Yes, it is still scary”, John laughs, but there is no mirth in the sound. Sherlock shakes his head, and the spell of apraxia dissolves. As if a switch has been clicked on, cold water thrown to his face, he’s in his body again, in his usual state of mind.
The weather has decided to grace them with some bright sunlight, a warm exception to the bleak winter days. Most trees around them are leafless, but there are a few among them which have begun to sprout new life, small buds of green clinging onto their branches like tiny creatures in their eggs still, waiting for spring to hatch. It’s nearer than they think.
“How was your week, John?”
is supposed to do. You don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“No.”
“Watch!” Sherlock got the plushie back into Rosie’s lap.
“Sher-”
If she expected some melodramatic acknowledgement, she is instead only rewarded with John’s snapped “Likewise”
The next step is taken by both. Bringing to the surface a chest to chest confrontation. A collision. Unplanned, of sorts. Exquisite, however remains. And then there is a tipping head and ten softly pushing up toes of sock-clad feet. A small bump of noses, a sharp angled and a rounded, and then… lips. Petals of roses. Creasing against each other. Locking tiny slits of skin against skin. Not too dry, not too wet. Just a peck. Alright, a little more than that. A slide, a droplet. A word.
Lighthouse: a tower or other structure containing a beacon light to warn or guide ships at sea.
John’s book is resting on the kitchen table, its spine well-cracked. A hundred pages devoured only last night. When he passes by it, gentle fingers trace its cover as if in a silent kiss.
He glances at Sherlock’s closed door. Remembers the tender affection of his own name on Sherlock’s lips. The scrambling movements and the shy and quick goodnight. The door closing but John not feeling empty anymore.
“Of course not. But I am not only talking about the past nine months, Sherlock…”
Up the stairs he goes, head lowered. Falling still. But has already failed now. Not merely failing. He is a loser. In every sense. He’s lost them. The chances. He’s lost them. His daughter. His best mate. The fall, however… it never stops…
“But- but she…” A sigh. Sherlock crosses his arms over his chest and around the plushie in the process. “She loved it yesterday…”
Sherlock’s throat is clogged. It is only the first bite, and he feels like choking.  He swallows, and his stomach lurches, but he does keep it down as he tries for the second bite. John is still looking at him. Sherlock shifts, exhales, reaches for the chamomile. It scalds his tongue, jerks his mind awake a little more.
They stay silent, two companions contemplating the coming nightfall. A streetlight outside is sending its yellow light inside their windows. The weather is frosty, more than expected in the middle of February. The heat is on high in their bedrooms but the living room was always a bit lacking because of it being connected with their kitchen. Only one heater couldn’t do the job. Especially, when they leave the door to the corridor wide open. John finishes his lukewarm tea first.
He hadn’t been the same after. His efforts had just... stopped. Ella needed to process the missing pages as much as he did. The gap in communication and... everything else that he had done, before he came back to their appointments. He tried to co-operate. It was only fair.
He let out a breath. Shuttering.
John bit his lip. He had hurt so many people… Especially those he most loved… All because of one woman that couldn’t care less about her own family. His jaw tightened. It was his fault too… A lot of it. But he wasn’t the only one and he couldn’t help feeling angry outside of himself too. There were certain things, all on him, that he needed to fix. But the biggest ones… the biggest ones, dragging him down to the dirt… he carried all his life… and they weren’t his fault. Were they?
“I’m fine.” Sherlock snaps but at the same time curls his toes against the carpet.
“I need you to be okay too.” John whispers, fingers flexing at his side.
“Please, little one, don’t cry.” He cups her face, holds her tiny bare body on his chest.
he’s lived. She’s just his sister who he doesn’t know either. She shouldn’t be allowed to get him like this, so quickly, so efficient. A surgeon pressing his scalpel into flesh.
Well. He failed Honeybee today. The inconvenience is him.
‘I trust him not to let me…’
“I-I need to find them, need them to be in a safe place, Rosie must not-”
Their eyes meet. Sherlock’s are shining in secret glee. John breathes a chuckle. They are of course thinking about the same thing. The same moment of utter relief, utter joy, adrenaline pulsing through them both. The thought everything will be okay after all. It prevailed then, bloomed for the first time in their shared smiles. Before it was gone the next day… Sherlock still at a new hospital. Going through withdrawal alone. Mycroft not letting anyone see him like this. Mostly John. Especially John. John drunk at home, desperate. Thinking of how impossible it would be to have what they once did.
His head fits perfectly against Sherlock’s collarbone. Tucked under the auburn-stubbled chin. His body following. Taking refuge. Resting. As close as it can be. A seabird seeking shelter from a storm, huddled up against the shore cliff. Sherlock’s breaths are the ocean’s push and pull, his heartbeat a seashell’s song against his ear.
“Yes, of course. As long as you promise you will rest as well.”
If it is because he trusts him enough to not treat him the way he despises. Or because he believes Sherlock will not understand enough about sentiment to do so, anyway.
“Why what?”
All is quiet. The room. The house. The road. The wind. Everything empty and haunted by emotions. Hidden ones. John turns to the stairs, perches on the bannister, listening in to the intimate sounds of a home one knows as well as the palm of their hand.
“Aren’t you?”
Rosie is sitting at her baby chair, moved low to the floor. The grey elephants on it swim in John’s eyes. She’s quiet, stopping whatever she’s doing if she hears him come close. He tried to stand by the mirror in the morning and repeat his anti-guilt, anti-inadequate facts like Ella asked him to but couldn’t. He feels like a child, standing and talking bullshit to himself. He has failed Rosie anyway. Changing his feelings about it is not helping.
Sherlock gets an arm beneath his shoulders and eases him to stand. They both grunt, and John has to heavily lean against him, a reed relying onto another. Sherlock’s ribs protest. Half- pushing, half-dragging, he gets John to sit on the couch, takes his jacket off. John’s eyes are open, but unfocused, and it takes more calls of his name to get his attention.
He keeps swimming, broad, firm strokes, his head turning alternately from one side to the other. He sees the inside of his arms; pale, freshly marked with mauve and green and yellow, with thin red lines, darker, black punctures. He feels his hair sticking to his shoulders. He sees his legs, shins thin as sticks, thighs lean with wiry childish muscle. Then his chest, hairless and free from the bullet hole. Oh. Yes, he is certainly sure about where he is.
He narrows his eyes. Brows knitting together.
John’s mind was pleasantly filled. He had his routine, giving him security, protecting his sensitive senses of any pointless worry that might lead him to procrastination and eventual alcoholic drink. Rosie took up most of his time, but Sherlock was always there now, more than he had been. His previous reluctance not gone in its entirety, but less apparent. He had held Rosie in his lap just the other day, when John was doing dishes. John could hear them coo to each other from the kitchen and remembered that first time he’d seen them like this after they moved in.
He always checks in. Either she is looking after Rosie or not. She’s a perfect grandma, in her own quirky way. John doesn’t deserve her, but she doesn’t care, and he doesn’t tell her off. Most of all, because both of them know one thing;
. A film stuck on the VCR, rewinding over and over before it reaches the ending, its tapes uncoiling and sticking to the machine like spilled innards. Over and over.
It was a tiny whisper of a thought, but it was enough.
‘Oh, you don’t but
They’re there. They’re both there.
“You have the will to find the balance in your life and mind again, so don’t worry. Rosie will have that balance too, it’s perfectly normal for a family to struggle, but you’re working through it. The last week, despite everything, proves it.”
Before, they always used cabs to get around. Sherlock's stomach flops. Perhaps John has forgotten. This is not before, after all. 'Stupid, stupid Sherlock. It's not about you'. Selfish. He's being selfish. He's allowed to come along, he mustn't press it.
“And then Dad was angry and not just drunk, so it was the same thing all over again”. John’s lips twitch in a bitter, rotting green grimace.
“They say that’s the strictest one.” John comments on the judge that asked for one contestant to be transferred to him.
“Sherlock? Sherlock? Are you there?”
It was John’s gaze that killed the words in his mouth. It wasn’t sharp, disappointed, tired. It was just sad. As if with every brick Sherlock added to his walls, John curled into himself too, more and more. Sherlock’s mouth closed. Opened. Closed again, helplessly.
John huffs, presses (brushes) his mouth on Sherlock’s shoulder, resembling the kiss he cannot reach to give on his cheek.
, again, when he sought John out for their last case. It was Sherlock who thought John was better off without him. That thought
- after that day. No. He wouldn’t dare. Even if John wanted him to.
“Do you mind-… keeping her for a while? Just to make sure?”
They have managed a few more solid hours outside. It is time for Rosie’s nap time -which she’s taking- and their own tea time soon. Despite the growing days, the sun can do nothing but let clouds and darkness take in since early today. The light makes Sherlock’s eyes silver and bright, shining or deep, menacing blue. John isn’t sure what he’s about to face.
“Nothing fancy.” Plush lips turned thin, returning a smile of their own. “How was work?” His eyes fleeting over John, featherlight.
John’s voice says.
John looked up. Truly. The iridescent eyes were clouded over too. He frowned. Was that worry? He took the glass with a nod and braced for the bitter impact. It came and he swallowed and it was gone. But the aftertaste was worse. He grimaced, his ears throbbing.
“Shh… Shh… It’s alright”, John murmurs, never stopping the calming movements of his hands.
Honeybee blows a raspberry.
Cold seeps through his skin, crawls over his stomach. Honeybee demolishes her little tower and begins to search for the cloth blocks that have animal faces on them.
His head was aching. He scratched at his hair, grabbed a tuft from his nape and pulled. A child at the teacher’s office with a stomachache, at the edge of a too-tall chair, tears drying and itching on his cheeks, nose blocked with sniffling, please, call mum, please, I want to go home, call her, call her-
“I-I need to-“ John catches on. “Christ, thank you!”
When John returns home that day, his mood elevated from a good full day’s work, he finds Sherlock’s eyes glistening. His curls and dressing gown, ravens over ocean, fluttering with a constant wind singing to them. Energy surrounds him, spilling colours to the whole room. The whole flat.
‘Right. Yes.’
“Harry-”
John told him, tried to reason with him, shouted at him although it might had been that he mostly shouted at himself. He told him why he reached the hospital in time. How Mrs Hudson had shown them all where to find the DVD with the recording of the woman John did never love. Purposely left there. In 221B for John to find, for John to see, for John to play the hero without being one.
He had forgotten how the wait for a reply can feel. Empty, languid time, a snail crawling on a blade of grass that bends with its weight.
John grins, triumphant, and fishes the remote from the coffee table to turn on the telly. “See how easy it is when you just listen to me?”
The kitchen was almost empty of utensils and plates, but they were placed sparsely in the cupboards, with plenty of room being wasted.
Lakes are pooling into oceans. Sherlock’s unfocused gaze is overtaken by something akin to horror. Realisation. John places the knife away, having caught it when Sherlock’s fingers let it go. He’s looking at his plate, breaths deeper, confused. John leans close, sitting close, facing him.
He will not delete the message. It is better to remember it. A fresh cut is sharper, stings more. Lingers. Scars can be forgotten.
Sherlock… A saint. He must have gotten Rosie downstairs after all. Maybe John sulked groggily his approval. Yes, that must be it. Letting him rest. Oh, he owed Sherlock so much. He must have heard her on the downstairs baby monitor then. John’s heart spills slowly over his bedsheets. Blissed-out. He would never mind this to be... Routine. Happy routine.
“Please”
“Yeah? Good. We can do it again if you want to. Is that okay?”
“I think it has decent food too. Hungry? I, for one, am famished”
His throat feels tight, as if he had swallowed a balloon.
That phrase again. What he has to do. ‘Wake up.’ To himself.
He hears Sherlock’s breathing stop. Somehow it urges him to keep going.
That’s why he’s here. To tell him. Announce he’s leaving. Yes. That’s it. That must be it.
He had sat for hours, looking, seeing, observing, memorising. All in less than a week.
John had bought them a while ago, when he saw Rosie playing with Mrs Hudson’s, making forts and such, and decided it would be nice to get her some for upstairs as well. They used them as lava spots just yesterday, since she was too small to jump from one to the other yet, she just had to avoid them this time. Sherlock had watched, amused, until she finally crawled and clang to his feet, giggling, trying to avoid John, who was supposed to be a dragon.
“May I?”
“Tell me what happened then.”
, is not excuse enough for this. But then again, Sherlock has no idea what this is.
“Here, let me get-”
It’s what he did. It’s what he’s done. It’s
He doesn’t hop down the stairs as he used to do, but he is still quick nonetheless; steady.
When their gazes lock, John clears his throat with a nervous giggle. “Thought that would go worse”
Yes. He is in love. But this is better. So much better.
(See the end of the chapter for
At least, let him not lose John over this. Let this not be what will make him go. He will give him a way out: ‘I don’t mind. I can forget it. Delete that it ever happened. Nothing will change’.
As he had retreated to his armchair, steps slow and deliberate, his eyes sought Honeybee. He had promised her. But Honeybee had been busy playing with her rejected food as John cleaned up in the kitchen. Sherlock had wondered whether she had been aware of his presence, and just, picking up the gloomy mood, had chosen to wait.
“Yeah, thanks”
Through.
John sits back in his chair, rubbing a hand across his face.
Sherlock sees her from the kitchen door first. Impeccably dressed, in a beige suit and pink shirt, gold earrings matching a necklace of tiny pearls. Her hair is cut just above the shoulder, straight, and dirty blond in colour. Her perfume assaults his nose, but her aura is worse; crackling around her, swirling with red, red,
But there was another unread, unanswered message. And every time Sherlock’s fingers itched, and they kept edging close, only to dismiss the possibility at the very last moment.
Sherlock frowns. He is not a parent. Just a temporary, convenient caretaker. Not that he doesn’t… Doesn’t harbour for this little human being incomparable, unfathomable tender affection, which, he thinks, is at the very least close to what a parent should feel for their little one.
to live like that. Your life would be better without me.”
“I’ve been thinking if it is post-traumatic stress. He’s-” His voice was shaking. “He’s been through a lot.”
“I don’t want to do this, Harry” John says. His voice is soft; as welcoming to underestimate as a trap.
“Yes, Mrs. Hudson, quite. We may be late for lunch, don’t wait for us”
The waitress’s return is like a referee whistling the end of a game; it all blows away as she leaves a small water bottle on their table. John smiles his thanks without looking at her and begins to fill Rosie’s sippy cup. He’s looking timid, all of a sudden, his movements measured and contained, as if he has decided to barricade himself in barely a half square metre of space.
“Well? Come in”
“What about me?”
A pause. John is admittedly taken aback.
John hops up. Sherlock, entranced by the flames, snaps his head back.
“Come on, mate. It’s okay.”
The image is gone. The pub TV screen is flickering in the background, the barista empties the last reserves of the newly open bottle of the bar in his glass with an uncaring shrug. John doesn’t even know how much time has passed. He gets up on wobbly legs, eyes trained on a tilted floor. He’s stuck. Stuck in the marshes. Unable to crawl out of the thick paste of water clawing at his feet. Making him heavy, trapping him inside.
His brain short-circuits, and he is left shaking. ‘Oh god, I’m failing at this too, am I not’.
In such a world, the reality of their previous lives together in 221B is bound to dissipate into a struggle of moments, one after the other, without clear cohesion or purpose… There was no possible future where John could see himself facing his fears. Nor one he could ever forget his nightmares. There was only one, instinctive goal. Avoiding them.
“Sorry”, he manages to breathe.
There’s love in them. Deep and all-encompassing.
“Ah” Sherlock takes a breath with the confident air of a man who obviously has the upper hand and has purposefully forgotten to acknowledge his surroundings. Reminding himself now of his manners, he offers his greetings to an -of course- eager audience. “Lovely to be meeting you at last, Harriet.”
He’s not supposed to be home. For a good four hours more, maybe five, depending on the traffic. He had the anger management seminar today -
“Of course. Looks nice. Thank you”
“Alright, alright you little monkey, alright! We’ll play more, got it! -Ow! Sherlock, Sherlock, help, help!”, and then Honeybee is thrust in his arms, which at once have raised to take and hold her tight. John has rolled towards him to transfer her, and his breaths almost tickle his ear.
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson!”
John sits on the sofa beside her, concerned. Quite an eventful day already and he still has Ella later.
. He takes a step back, and then another. Slow, as if the floor is molasses.
Called him a junkie. Slapped him. Doubted him. Lost faith in him.
His body shuddered with a chilly spell. Sherlock pulled the blanket tighter around him and turned on the side it hurt less to sleep upon. In the dark after the light had been switched off, he blinked, absorbed, for a little, by how his eyes being closed or open made little difference.
“Hospital?” Sherlock feels his chin wobbling.
“John.”
He calls John. A message would possibly make him more anxious, and at this state, Sherlock would never know what to write anyway.
Sherlock is not falling from a building this time. He’s falling to the sea.
“Sherlock…”
Sherlock waits, discreetly observing. The creases on John’s forehead have deepened, there are black circles under his eyes, his left hand is tremoring, ever so subtly. His back is stiff, and his leg stiffer. Sherlock remembers other times spent in the threshold and attempts to match this reality with them. But in his mind, the doors have rusty hinges, and he struggles to push them open. Doors amidst ashes and ruins, wombs of life in a collapsing world.
Your amazing comments feed our plot piranhas real well so keep 'em coming! Thank you and Enjoy! :D
After everything that has happened, Sherlock is alright with that, too.
Sherlock stares at his reflection in the locked mobile’s screen. He’ll need to shave soon. ‘When was the last time?
“Aweee, woo woo” Rosie babbles, clasping her stretched hand towards a teenager walking his dog at the other side of the street.
John actually stops and considers, a hand on one hip, the weight of his body on the same leg, tilting to the side.
“Basic flavours won’t hurt.”
Sometimes, John talks to him about it. Others, he doesn’t. Sherlock accepts words or silence equally and knows not to ask, not to press him about it.
Nothing.
. A whimper resonates in his throat, and now there’s energy to every part of him, energy, and warmth; from John’s lips it travels to the rest of him. Melts him.
“Ah, thank you!”
“Oh… okay, yeah, er… We can catch up next week?”
“For the past couple of weeks… I feel maybe I can help?”
One sliver of life. Small orange peel.
John had watched Sherlock’s irises from eager blue turn to doubting grey. He had stayed silent for a moment, a twitch in his lip John is sure is a tell for when he tries to mask a particularly troubling emotion from the world, and then spoke with utter reverence.
Harry is
He has miserably ploughed through a library’s worth of neuroscience articles and journals since January in attempt to find a lead to the problem of his mind. But he does not remember the last time he did something he enjoyed; solved a puzzle, uncovered a mystery, traced a pattern. Or even just reading. Learning. Feeling the rusty gears in his head turn and turn, faster and faster.
“Thank you”
Hesitant understanding dawns on John’s face.
feel better. In any way I can. I don’t care if you don’t want to tell me what it is. It’s alright. I mean, what matters is, well, we’ll… We’ll fix it. Just… That. You’re… You’re my…” Sherlock’s eyes narrowed, and his breath crowded into his mouth. “My friend”, John said, his voice a little squeezed out. He swallowed, nodded. “My friend” he said again. And this time it was strong. Definite.
Sherlock’s pleading look identifies him as not at all satisfied.
And just like that, John reaches across the table. His fingers trail to the side of Sherlock’s head, above his ear, brushing its tip just that little bit on their way. Sherlock goes very, very still. He feels John’s fingers working against his scalp as he parts the curls, and then catches the leaf in index and middle finger. He stops as soon as he has begun pulling it away. Sherlock’s breath stops with him.
‘Right. True.’ He’s bitter. At least they can agree he could never be a father. He never wanted to be one. How could he possibly imagine it? His head is still in the clouds of his dream world, apparently. He needs to shut it down.
John plops on the chair across from him with his mug of steaming coffee. Sherlock’s eyes rise from the pancakes to him. John gives him a curt little smile and his eyes dart away, fluttering like a butterfly that doesn’t know where to settle. Sherlock looks down at his plate.
“Drink.”
“Yes.”
Sherlock’s head had been tilting to one side, his lips puffing out full in his blissful slumber, a specific tuft of ebony black straying over his temple. Beautiful.
John nods and yawns behind a palm. Sherlock shifts his weight from one foot to the other, ever staying at the threshold. “How is she?”
They wouldn’t. Neither of them. Why would they? Failing. Failing. Both. But this time. This time. He felt like a kicked puppy.
it. ‘Stay, will you?’
“Alright, time for bed.” John grunts, picking her up with a sigh. Her temperature has been a steady thirty-eight for the past couple of hours, he hopes her second ibuprofen dosage will help the fever down during the night. If not, he will give her some more when he checks her later.
There’s tea on the table, warm. New. Sherlock stands and John averts his gaze, swallowing. Again. He accepts the mug before he even notices the tall man has placed it on his trembling fingers. Then, he’s sitting opposite John, with an air of decision around him. Final.
‘I wish you were here. I wish you were with us’
Sherlock is lying on the sofa, settled over their heap of pillows. Rosie is curled over his torso, face mushed against Sherlock’s bare chest. John’s eyes widen. She’s sleeping. Sherlock is humming. John tries real hard to not make a sound. Sherlock’s eyes are closed.
He remembers nothing, and everything. And not this.
Rosie whines.
He puts her on his shoulders, little giggling flower she is today, and hops down the stairs, goes straight for their mail, just to give her the rounds and keep her giggling, uncaring if his shoulder will act up after his shift today. A couple of reminders for bills, end of the month approaching fast, a postcard for Mrs Hudson from the Maldives -how even… who?- and a red confidential envelope for Sherlock. He’s not paying much attention as he climbs the stairs, Rosie tugging at his mess of hair, growing longer than necessary again.
"Right. Should get started, then".
“How do you know I won’t do it again?” John snaps. The ice in him, of him, creaking. Solidifying.
“I’ll watch over her.” John promises in return.
“I want you to be happy. You and that big brain of yours”
“You didn’t… hear me?”
Sherlock has learned. From the best man there is. He’s still learning. That’s the whole point.
“Nno.” He says, measuring his words, eyes still on Sherlock, calculating. “I think… he’ll contact you when he needs to, Greg.”
“I…” A breath. “Yes, I know.”
Of course, John had been mad at him for using again, had accused him of being a pathological liar -and rightly so. At first glance, then, it did not seem as if John attributed any worth to him at all in order to feel anything in particular towards his state. (And Mary’s “the man we both love” in that DVD could not possibly have had any weight then for John. John did not believe Sherlock could love anything; only that he hurt whatever and whoever was near him; He had made a vow. He had sworn it… And yet: ‘Anyone but you’). And that was what explained the numbness of the first ten days, Sherlock thought.
“Well, when you need change, you have to work with people around you. You don’t need to press yourself for full recovery immediately. As a fellow doctor, you know that.”
. Again, and again.
“Um, yes. Absolutely.” His hesitation makes Sherlock look up. Rosie misses her target -his mouth- and now there’s jam all over his chin. John hides a giggle in his palm.
Impulses?
“Yeah. That’s all”
You don’t deserve a coward, Sherlock, and at that moment -if not for my whole life-” John chokes on the words again, his fingers dig into his blanket hard. “I was a coward. I had left you alone and intended to do it again. Not for any reason other than myself, not believing I could one day maybe be a better man for you. It was selfish. I should have been brave, waited for my turn to ask for forgiveness and apologise… like a soldier should have done… like a good man.
The light of the bathroom switches on, making him flinch. The sound of John retching makes his empty stomach somersault painfully. He swallows again, more forcibly, and takes a deep breath. His mouth is dry. He steps away from the glass door, to not let his silhouette be seen. John coughs, and his breathing comes ragged through the silence. Sherlock winces. It’s not the first time this is happening. Or the first time he did not know what to do.
“Syllables barely fit in.” Sherlock mumbles, hesitant. His immediate backtracking comes as he fixes his gaze on the table.
too”, John smiles. “May I..?” He raises his free hand to Sherlock’s hair.
John swallows.
He can see it in her eyes that she wants to throw it again but one look at Sherlock kneeling on the carpet and John knows it’s not a good idea.
Southern: The Southern Ocean, also known as Antarctic, comprises the southernmost waters of the World Ocean, is the fourth largest ocean, and the equivalent of the Arctic in our small globe...
“Hm?”
“Hmm?”
John pauses, and when his eyes flick upwards, there is the faintest shimmer in them. “What do you mean?”
They’re both breathing hard. John gather his hands in his lap, and Sherlock is not sure what to do with his. They’re tingling with regret, and he’s tired, and for a moment he wishes he could just rip them off.
We had a little scare losing my cat for some hours tonight, but here you go; big and on time. Your next chapter is waiting for you all <3
John tilts his head. She’s humming back to him.
“Yes. Yes, thank you.” He huffs with relief and finally relaxes completely in his chair, back resting properly, feet stretching forwards as if in a recliner. His fingers are pressing against his jeans stronger than necessary still, but it’s progress. His chest feels tight with it as if he needs to shout, his muscles tingling, if still coiled, wanting to run. There is a path opened where none stood before, and all the energy that was contained and sparking inside him now aches to tread it, feel it fly past him, see it through. It can’t be contained now, a dog that broke off its leash, but at least it has a direction now. Purpose.
His voice struggles to break through the blockage at the root of his neck, a prisoner rattling his chains, throwing his body against his cell walls. The gates of his eyes remain closed. There is an acid pool in his mind, thick liquid like milk. It drowns any thought that dares approach, throttles it in its abyss-like deep. It has spread over his body like a blanket, and as if in hibernation, Sherlock is trapped into the lull of its familiar humming, familiar, sweet siren’s song.
He curls up on one of the chairs beside the couch, brings his knees to his chest. The position cuts his breath short, so keep his mind above water. John shifts a little, pulls the blanket tighter about him, and then groans. Sherlock waits until John’s breathing eases out and softens. His body is rocking imperceptibly back and forth as he chews on the nail of his right thumb. His left hand, shaking, plays endless, soundless scales on his ribs, as he has his arm braced around his torso; first position, second, third. And again.
“Doesn’t feel too much like it...” he grumbles.
“It had leaves and black spots and I couldn’t let her keep it with her of course, I needed to clean it up and make sure she’s-” He stops himself. His pulse is thundering.
“There we go, there we go, Rosie. I promise you, there is nothing to be afraid of, mm? Look at those bubbles? They are colourful because of the shampoo’s formula. The purple is your lavender, the yellow has citrus fragrances and the blue contains some natural sea iodine. Not enough to make your eyes sting, of course. You have never been to the sea, have you, Rosie? It’s beautiful, like, like- Well, it has the colour of your and your father’s eyes and it is like your bathtub but without the bubbles. Oh, and much, much bigger. Two-thirds-of-our-planet bigger. But see? The water here is shallow. Safe. There you go… Shh shh, I’ll hold you, it’s okay. Yes, that’s it. Very good, Rosie. Very good. You are being very brave. That’s it. Oh, want your pirate ship? There you go. It is not a bad replica, for a toy. It seems realistic enough. Yes, Mr. Duck wants to join in, of course, there he is…”
The muscles on the sides of John’s jaw clench and he purses his lips outwards. Nervous. He is nervous enough that Sherlock is sure he would be electric to the touch.
“For the road.”
Back. Back then... before...
It’s there.
” Sherlock corrects impatiently;
And it was all John’s fault.
John’s grip does not relax, but Sherlock pulls back a little, just enough to be able to look upwards at him like a cat, his chin resting against John’s diaphragm. John cup his cheek, and it’s reluctant, as if he is afraid Sherlock will be spooked away.
“Good”
. Just because they needed him.
It comes as sudden as lightning and John is hanging from Sherlock’s lips, words, truth.
There is no way in the world that he could offer John what he needs.
He lingers, just the second it takes for him to decide against trying to comfort Sherlock through touch at the moment -possibly ever, it was a mistake, who would want that-, and goes about preparing a quick breakfast. Everything is absolutely the same when he returns with the tray, except his own hand tremor and his bitten lip are worse. If this doesn’t work, he doesn’t know what will.
Sherlock carries Honeybee downstairs carefully and gets comfortable on the sofa, so that he can lie down and hold her over his torso.
“A safe room.”
“Okay… May I help?”
It has been a month since that scum of a human being was arrested. 12 days since Sherlock was released from the hospital. The acute withdrawal symptoms have passed. What is left is insomnia, headaches, and watery muscles. What is left is a stranded immune system and border vitamin deficiencies. His cardiologist wanted to strangle him (
John should have been angry. John should have spoken up. John always corrected everyone on the spot, fiercely, and raised a fence, a wall between him and Sherlock, a fence so dense and tall that Sherlock knew there was no breaking it down.
“God,
Two steps and he got her up, strapping her in her baby chair again.
This fic is collab between
“Dangit” John covers his face with a palm, chuckling in half-hearted acceptance that the toddler they just managed to bathe so pristinely will no doubt be in need of another bath in less than thirty minutes.
The world may have frozen for a second, but it’s a good pause. A warm freeze. Sherlock’s eyes find his again, stricken, and John only then realizes -Alert, but vulnerable to any tilt of the newly-born balance. That is where he comes in.
Sherlock straightens his spine. The last time, John was in no state to argue, drunk and weakened as he was. Now is different. John has full awareness and can -and possibly will- resist any attempt Sherlock can make to reach him. Sherlock is not sure how much he can help,
“Jooohn.” Sherlock’s voice is sounding almost like a croak, trying to be rebuking and failing in all regards. He has taken the spoon from their little girl’s hand and left it on the table again. He’s blushing.
The fridge’s mechanical purring starts anew, and John walks stiffly into the kitchen, with not as much as a word. Sherlock waits, lets whatever it is break for air.
She lets the fabric go and starts to kick around wildly, whining. He places her in the tub without another thought. She shrieks, mortified, water splashing all around and John just putting some no-tears soap in quickly. He tells himself the singing in his eyes are from the soap that does not sting.
Whitewater: the breaking of a wave where the water appears frothy, filled with bubbles. More strictly, referring to river's rapids where turbulence is so much that air is captured inside the water, forming an aerated and unstable current.
“John”
“To talk. To you” He declares. In two breaths. Finally.
“You sound unsure?”
"I'll have her cot fixed in no time".
Their breaths are in sync. Quick, rapid, cut off. He can’t even do that. Silence descends like doom, the water is steaming, a lonely plastic duck toy floating aimlessly.
“Okay…” John nods, grateful.
She was already giggling with grabby hands towards her father but one look at the penguin and her whole face lit up. She grabbed it by one little wing and threw it over her plastic table. John smiled, giving Sherlock a nervous shrug.
There’s a pause of mutual contemplation, understanding and camaraderie for reasons John can’t fathom. Or he can. Because after so many months of John casting Sherlock out. How would Sherlock not feel the same way as John does right now. They’re both trapped. In circles. Of their own making.
“Daaala?”, Honeybee asks, pink elephant clutched to her chest, its left ear being mouthed at.
“Exquisite.” Sherlock hums, eyes closed, head resting back, neck exposed and achingly arched.
A heads-up: When you comment please keep in mind and respect that this is a personal interpretation of the characters and story.
That’s what it’s called. Dancing or, more like, limping their way around what they will never have. In another time maybe… Did they have something anyway? Were they something? Are they anything now? Barely. Yet, John remembers. He remembers how in another time, they would have observed each other better. Reading. Deducing. Seeing. Not able to take their eyes off each other.
So, he doesn’t speak. He stays, touching Sherlock’s blankets, offering a reassuring presence for him to cling on if the night was too bad, if his mind is too much. He doesn’t speak. He doesn’t ask…
“For him to reach such a state, I think… I think it’s been going on for years.”
Pavement?
John guides the curl away, lets it rest behind Sherlock’s ear. His movements slow and reverent. A patch of skin brushing against Sherlock’s helix. He draws back, watching him, trying to match his own breaths with his. Sherlock’s eyelids slide open. Slow and unsure. John catches a gasp inside his throat at the empty gaze that despite everything can always pin him in place. He almost curses himself as it travels through the air to find him, focusing for a fleeting moment, resting on him. Deep iridescent, ever-changing blue orbs. John swallows, taking in red-rimmed corneas filled up with years and years of sorrow and sadness. Emotion, that should perplex Sherlock himself, is crashing against John in waves at the eye-contact and John is ready to reach, bridge a gap that has always been there since-
No. No. He wanted her to be happy. He wanted… He wanted…
“Mmmyeah, you are.” John smirks down at Sherlock, a hand brushing Rosie’s curls and another at Sherlock’s shoulder. ‘When did it get there?’ He flinches as if to remove it but so it stays, persistent, and he doesn’t mind.
He sits up, slowly, swallowing. Sherlock turns to him. Sharp. Surprised, yet... he’s been waiting. Shame builds up and John can feel his cheeks burning. He brings up a hand, carding through his messy hair, sits up more.
“Want to watch something?”
“John?”
There’s no change in the atmosphere around them. Sherlock’s small inhale of breath the only sign of him acknowledging John’s words. John grips his knees tight. He knows how to do this. What he doesn’t know is if could last to the end.
“Glad you’re hungry.” John praises, enjoying the slight flushed pink Sherlock’s cheeks take on.
“No. No. That is… No. John doesn’t -isn’t- we…. We are friends. Friends”
Sherlock sits down, huddled a little further away from the couch and John, and waits.
Nope, fortunately they didn’t touch. That would be-… He longs for it, if he’s to be honest. But he can wait.
But he aches to ask what’s wrong. He has to resist the urge to coddle Sherlock too much at the same time. It would be inappropriate and Sherlock would think it’s pity again. Or guilt. Truth is, all John feels is worry and he wants to show it properly. No matter that he thinks he can’t. He can at least try, can’t he?
John could swear later on that sounded too much like a whine of a wrongly accused child.
Sherlock is frowning.
“The big ship sails on the ally ally oh.” John sings and Rosie sits back at his bouncing knees, clapping her thighs on the rhythm like a total expert.
The cupboard hinges creak, glass chinks against glass, and then a thud. The tap running. Silence. Not for long.
Sherlock’s mind reels. Honeybee.
Placing importance on him, expectation on him, faith in him, never worked well. And they knew. They all knew.
“So?” It’s suddenly quiet. John’s eyes hurry to Sherlock’s face. It’s hidden from him, lowered, a head full of dark curls offered instead; he’s resigned, and that makes it terrifying.
“Oh.” John scratches the back of his neck, then passes his palm over his eyes. Rubs. He’s holding his carefully folded change of clothes under his free arm. He’s barefoot, and in pajamas still, the t-shirt so old and worn, its color has changed from grey to white. Sherlock has not seen John so casually disoriented in a long while. Not since… Not since John was last living here, permanently. Before…
Who took punches and apologised.
Most often, he is sure that he has misunderstood. Three years ago, he returned to England to see John move on without him. Eight months ago, John shut him out of his life. Two months ago, he called him a liar, hit him hard enough to break him in two. Seven years now his little problem has clang on, stubborn and illogical, with no resolution in sight -and no hope for one. And now John wants him. Them. How and when it happened, Sherlock does not know, and is afraid to ask. It was impossible one moment and his reality the next, delicate as a cobweb.
John’s head hangs.
Sherlock waits as John’s breathing returns to normal. Honeybee’s breaths are soft and even against his skin, warm puffs of air. He had known this way to calm her since a little more than a year ago. She was so much smaller then, almost half in size, a small kitten nestled into his arms. Then, he would play for her, compose little lullabies and tunes, hum to her with the unfurling of the melodies. Her gurgled laughter was chirpy, then, and her eyes quick to shine. But sometimes, even then, his violin did not work. She would whine and whimper and reach small grabby hands to him, with longing enough that his playing withered. Those times, or when she would wake up from a toothache, a bad night’s sleep, a tummy-ache, or just because of some loud noise, those times she needed a warm hug, and the reassurance of a steady heartbeat against her ear to guide her back to sleep. To feel wrapped in a cocoon, enclosed within a seashell’s embrace, it never failed to calm her down. Skin contact helped, and when given the chance she always burrowed close to what meagre warmth his sternum could give. Sherlock tried to give her all the hugs and touches and reassurance she needed. How she lacked them he could feel in his bones, how she needed love, as if she were a starving baby bird. But then Honeybee was taken away from him, and he could not protect her from loneliness anymore.
He reaches a hand to the counter, grunting. Fighting to get up. He can’t even do this right.
“Just tea for me, too. Caffeine won’t be of any use today”
“Never mind.”
it?”, he asks gently.
Sitting on his armchair, waiting for John and Rosie, hearing her heart-clenching sobs and John’s please, he thought how he could just tell John; walk to the bathroom, hold Honeybee’s hand, help John navigate this experience with his daughter in a calmer way. Fear, black and heavy in the pit of his stomach, held him back. Maybe John would say his way of caring was wrong, that he was dotting too much (what kind of qualification did Sherlock have for an opinion on Rosie’s matters, anyway). Maybe John would realise just how much time Honeybee spent with Sherlock and decide to put an end to that arrangement (was bound to happen, better not to bring it about sooner). Besides, he did not want to make John doubt of his ability to be a good parent; he was sure that John would notice and cater to his daughter’s needs on his own, without (unwanted, intrusive) prompting. But still when he saw the stretching bitter sadness in John’s eyes, after the ordeal was over, guilt gripped Sherlock’s stomach and twisted, hard.
Dawn breaks over London. A lazy flicker of light has John waking with a start; his throat too tight to breathe. It’s quiet, the rustle of his blankets as he sits up being the only sound in the room. The morning light has gentled out in the few moments it takes him to orient himself, dulled by the usual London clouds of late January. Rosie’s crib is illuminated by a faint halo, placed as it is closer to the window, giving him some semblance of familiarity.
Because it’s all until his eyes drift to the empty desk beside the window. The barely filled bookshelves beside the fireplace. The missing music stand over the rubbed off carpet. The non-existent violin. The tidy kitchen with science equipment nowhere to be found. It’s all until he sees...
"I don't -didn't- have one..."
‘Obviously?’
Sherlock flinches (John does not see). He straightens his back a little more and focuses his attention on the shorter man, waiting.
“Boys! You’ve got a visitor!” Mrs Hudson’s cheery voice breaks John’s thoughts apart.
may be unfit to ever be a parent. But John isn’t. John is fighting for his daughter every day. Doubting this, even for a second -when one has no concrete evidence and data, no less- is at the very least a wrong judgement of John’s character.
“Hello, John!” She smiles to his bitten off ‘Afternoon.’ and he almost feels like he’s there for a friendly visit. “You seem alright, want to tell me how it’s been going?”
John nods.
A pause. She scribbles a word down, giving him time to relax his tensing up shoulders, let him realise he’s being defensive and self-hating at the same time. He does. He sighs.
“We’re here.” Sherlock whispers.
“I know.”
He’s panicked. He’s pleading. It hits Sherlock through the head, kicks whatever mechanism operates in his brain into working again.
“I might not be a choice for the social services” Her voice cracks as she stands up too with sharp, cut-off movements. “But I think we can all agree that I would be better help than a freak who gets off on other people’s problems.” She gathers her coat around her with defiance.
John places the tray on the table and goes to sit beside a bundled-up Sherlock Holmes, bare toes huddled under the edge of the blanket, pushing out to steady the fabric underneath his soles. John smiles with private affection, itching to touch and hold, steady Sherlock’s shivering body against his own and shoo away whatever ailment plaguing him.
“I don’t pity you. I really don’t.” John feels the corners of his lips being tugged up. Just a bit. Just at the thought of how he had managed to overlook how his Sherlock, his best friend, the man he knows so well and needs to get to know all over again... How he, of course, would take it as pity.
There’s flashes, heat, images. Red. He can’t move, something coiling around his ankles. Tied up. There’s sounds but not exactly. A scream, a cracked skull, a gun, the sizzle of tinder and gunpowder. Detonation. Explosion. Smoke, dust and fire. There’s skin against his fist. Blood on his fingers. A push. The fall.
“See you at noon. Yeah. Thanks. Bye bye.” He reaffirms, more to himself.
“Sherlock…”
“For the gentleman”, John chirps. Sherlock’s plate is placed in front of him, and he murmurs a thank you to the glass window.
‘Our little girl.’
Sherlock peeks up and John sits at the head of their table, beside both his daughter and friend. They eat in silence. Sherlock methodical, bites small and even, arranged and organised on his plate as he kills time between mouthfuls. John watches but doesn’t count; he trusts him. Rosie chaotic at first but quieter as John reaches to help her, taking a bite on and off himself until she’s finished. He goes back to his food then and she plays with the spoon again, less energetic now. She has stopped babbling and he gathers she’s tired and full.
John shoots him a lopsided grin.
Is he doing this wrong? What if
There’s a soft gurgle beside him and he brings the baby monitor to his ear instead of raising the volume. A smile perks on his lips. Addiction needed to be satisfied is momentarily forgotten.
‘Got it.’
‘When she’s crying…’
John exhales slowly, as if he is preparing himself for a rather important task. He raises a hand to Sherlock’s knee, patting once before letting it stay there. Sherlock stretches, presses his toes into the armrest, and John shifts to accommodate him better. They settle.
He nods into John’s shirt, feels the other man’s shaky exhale. John’s fingers brush the shorter curls at the back of his neck. Without the resistance of gel, they glide easily through the ringlets, separating them, feeling them as they in turn coil back around John’s hand like vine on a trellis.
He scrolls further down, lingers on Lestrade’s name. It’s the one he never used to hesitate to contact. The one that would always come rushing to his side if there was need. But Sherlock can’t help with a case now, not even a cold one. Why else would Lestrade want to receive a text from him? Sherlock scrolls down again.
“Hudders…”
“That’s fine. Which ones?”
‘No... No, they don’t.’
And after a moment.
Sherlock has heard him. His tall frame moving in a careful manner over the kitchen counter, a hand stirring vegetables on a pan with a wooden spatula. Lips tugged sideways in pleasurable concentration. John sniffs the air one more time, getting out of his coat -quite chilly out today-, and scratches his bearded jawline.
Rosie's body is still, except for the quick tempo of her breaths, little baby-bird chest fluttering against his own.
Sherlock’s palms are clammy. Cold. “I…” The air above him clamps down his shoulders. The ceiling, the floor, the sky above, it all has him pinned in place…
Sherlock’s every nerve is throbbing.
P.S anyone here for the TFP-borrowed imagery? ;)
1. So, things happened this week and we decided to find facial hair references of our John and Sherlock. Here you go:
“Be honest, Johnny.”
The effort is too much. He needs to close his eyes again, lean back.
He laughs, once. “I bet.” He rubs a palm to his face, then tangles his fingers over his chest, sinking in his chair.
John huffs, sinking back to the floor, turning around and collapsing at the tub’s side, head tipping over back, his hair getting soaked but he doesn’t care. Sherlock is fine. Sherlock is safe. Sherlock is here. That’s all that matters.
“You’re the only one that has been there for me. For Rosie. Even when I… when I pushed you away.”
“John, can you tell me what you identify as in the sexual attraction spectrum?”
“Then...?”
Days and nights. One and the same. No sleep. Just ‘ceiling-watching’. That’s what it had been. For eons, it seemed. Until John met him. That’s what he wishes to have now. Silence in a semi-dark room. Indefinitely. To wound himself, crawl in a ball of covers and stay still, weep or just stare. For eons; again.
“Can you talk to me about Sherlock?”
If he’s trusted, if he’s allowed, his true self will only come to the surface once more. Sooner or later. Bursting through the ice. Murderous.
John’s left hand feels the need to release the pain of his injured shoulder.
under the same roof, sharing their every day, their small frustrations and small victories, share in the fascinating miracle that was every day of Rosie’s life. If then John would keep saying
“Sherlock?” And there is a scrambling John Watson, getting up on his knees and holding his wrist with a clenched jaw at the pain -a sprain, surely-, finally back to the present, back inside his working brain, looking over perplexed at a slick, wet and very much naked Sherlock Holmes, peeking from the filled with water bathtub’s edge.
He pulls the phone away, wincing at her volume.
“You have an appointment, don’t you?”
‘The biggest psychological debate of all time. I know.’
He smiled, assured somehow.
He recoils from his brother’s name as soon as he imagines the sneer on Mycroft’s face. “Asking for favors now, Sherlock?”, he would think, or type, or both.
A small muffled breath breaks the silence and John turns around with a grunt - his shoulder straining - to gaze at that particular little reason. Why he can’t abandon this world. The pleading of his dreams and nightmares. The epilogue. The result. The little one, curled up in the crib with a leg folded under her small stomach and her bum raised childishly in the air, a finger in her mouth and soft purrs coming out of her lips like a warmed-up kitten. Rosie. His daughter.
John hangs his head, and nods, once.
Mrs. Hudson is right. She’s right. Or she would be. If it wasn’t for one thing. But one, life-changing detail -that is no detail at all; Honeybee.
No. Not this time. Not now…
A figure, tall and imposing, glaring at them from the doorframe.
“You first” Sherlock mutters.
“She called”
“What?”
Sherlock knows.
“Regrettably”
She slurps the syrup with a flat face but then grimaces when he offers her the second dose. He hadn’t thought of those memories for ages… There were always ones that he couldn’t decipher. He had been delirious after all.
. And John was
“So… What did you think of her?” John is walking with his hands in the pockets of his parka, steps slow, matching a sure, but not heavy gait. He is looking at the gravelly path they are walking on, avoiding sticks and larger pebbles or kicking them a little with the toes of his shoes.
And Sherlock is tired. Why is then John here -not the cold-blooded, rational reasons, the real one. Is there any such reason? Perhaps... he wants to be his friend again. Or maybe at least wants them to be on speaking terms again. Sherlock is not sure what the knowledge that he would still pick John's presence and the possibility of friendship over nothing means about him.
John shifts on his back once again. Heels of his palms pressing his eye sockets. Why would this all be coming back now? He whines to himself in the semi-darkness.
Sherlock takes a step in, and then another. He has not been in John’s room with John in it a very long while. He believed it would be an intrusion, lingering in a place that is not open to him. But its owner pats the mattress beside him inviting him closer. Sherlock meekly sits on the very edge of the bed beside John, and offers him the cup.
“That’s it, that’s it. You’re alright.”
“Good afternoon to you too, Hudders”
“No, please, let me say this.”
Sherlock whips around to see John standing at the bathroom door, hands on his hips, his entire mouth sculpted into a grin.
He tucked in his food right after stepping downstairs, the spice in the air making it unable to resist. Sherlock opposite him, eating one bite at a time; a cube of chicken, sauté pepper and onion, not even a whole spoonful, leaving the sauce dripping behind, not caring to scoop it up with the rest. He is enjoying every single one though. Like a child and its candy.
In the real world, there is nothing he has the right to take, because there is nothing he can keep. It would only slip through his fingers like a handful of sand.
Time stops.
He settles Sherlock against the headboard and checks his pulse. Two fingers against warm skin. He prefers to do it on his neck, so he can at least look in his eyes and make sure. Silent diagnoses fly inside his mind but he doesn’t pick one. He can’t possibly know the whole experience of being Sherlock Holmes, not until Sherlock communicates again, but he knows it is mental. John knows it’s something that could have happened to him as well. PTSD patients usually have some kind of unresponsive behaviour, phasing out, closing off. John had been one of the lucky ones where adrenaline gave them life. Others might have ended up empty and numb for the rest of their lives in order not to feel it again. They have to check this out later, but for now all he needs to do is snap Sherlock out of it.
Sherlock just gathers his dressing gown tighter around him as a reply. Greg shoots a worried glance to John.
John glances over this time. Sherlock is directing his gaze at the idle water.
Sherlock exhales the breath he's been holding. Feels like an entire wind had coiled up in his lungs.
People are stupid! It doesn’t matter what they think!
John feels like a child. He bites his lips, fidgeting, knees wobbling up and down in rapid speed.
“Feeling any better?” Sherlock’s tone is sweet like honey, deep like a double bass and tentative like the first bird to break into song every morning.
He had not expected John to be angry or harsh, because he knows this is not who John is. John would take care of him, would help him calm down -he had done so just a few days ago, when he had panicked about Honeybee’s fever. But John cradling him, softly, ever so softly…
“How you are so, so afraid of a word. But I know why, Johnny. I know why”, it’s her turn to sound tired. “You are terrified of the word when you have it all up there. All up there. For the world to see. Online”
"Um… Right. Shall we?" Chewing on his lower lip, Sherlock carries Rosie upstairs as per the indication, hyper-aware of John's heavier steps behind him.
“What?” There is a frown over the shorter man’s eyes, and the deep seas grow dark, clouded over.
He tries to ignore her, but she knows and sits on the chair across the table from him, so that he won’t be able to, if he wants to keep paying attention to Rosie.
“Fuck you, Harry.”
“John has a mind of his own.”
“And the panini for you, sir. Anything else I can get you?” Voice honey-coated in glossy pink. Sherlock bites his tongue.
“Sherlock?”
. He swallows and shoves the phone back into the pocket of his nightgown. He hesitates to step out of the relative safety of his still-dark room.
Sherlock looks at his body. His arms are his, but then, not exactly, his legs, his head, his body, the same. He is still him, he is still Sherlock, but compressed, smaller. All the energy that now oozes from him like blood from an open wound is caged inside the confines of this version of his body, thrashing against his muscles and bones and blood vessels, vibrating.
Happy. Happy and confident and loved. She is proof he can fix whatever mistakes he has made, correct every one of his wrongdoings that hurt her. Proof their healing process has started and has actual results. He weeps, quiet and reserved, not pressing the button to his secretary for the next patient to come in, looking at how beautiful, just beautiful she is. He remembers all her firsts he has missed, all her achievements he passed by and never gave a thought because he was angry, mind self-absorbed in everything else going wrong and not caring for the one thing that was there and
“G-good morning.” He shakes himself, nods to the counter. “Making breakfast.”
In that case… Sherlock nods a small, hesitant yes.
“Thank you for having us.” He starts.
Sherlock appears unmovable, steady as a rock. He has been John’s rock. All day.
“I’m right here you know.” An unsuccessful attempt to bring this fact to their knowledge.
“Sherlock?”
Grinding his teeth, he leans back. The surface is slippery, and he loses balance, so that the water rocks him back and forth, legs outstretched, arms hanging from the edges of the tub. Afloat. Until his head washes against the curved edge of the tub and his arms lock and anchor him, and he can stay still. Hot, invading fingers of water weave through his hair, pulling it, dissolving it as it spreads like seaweed around his head.
“Nope. Up you get, first.”
Expecting.
He knows there’s a storm brewing here too, beneath the quiet. A storm altogether different, but just as demanding. She’s growing. She understands, and she feels. The world around her she absorbs like a water-hungry sapling. And she needs. She needs stability, and safety. She needs her father. The longing for him, his smile, his praise, his time, his embrace, it almost makes Sherlock’s arms numb every time he holds her. The longing for a father who is drowning, in the same room as her, sinking, away from her reach without her being able to grasp him, to grasp why.
“Fancy some telly?”
“I owe you an apology as well…”
Sherlock brings his knees up so that he could rest his elbows on them, bone against bone. The high of the panic is beginning to ebb away. Every part of him it vacates is left weary, heavier. He is overwhelmed with the need to do something, to feel that he is still alive.
Relief.
Someone has stopped the world. She takes a step back. Horror in her eyes.
. It could be worse. Now at the very least John does not pity him and is not driven into this by guilt. So why can’t he just let it go? Why can’t he just be
Sherlock heaves a little, then pants, then settles and then he’s motionless. A vein on his temple is pumping, visible in Sherlock’s pale complexion, the rhythm is frantic. Yet, he’s not breathing. He’s looking straight down, burning holes into the carpet. ‘Oh, darling…’ John can see the effort put into containing this. No. No, he just can’t let Sherlock lock it all away again. No. John’s hand raises again, cups Sherlock’s nape of neck, steadying him.
It’s not that he does not trust John, or his willpower. Quite the opposite -and so his worry fills him with guilt too. It’s that he fears for him. Every road, every shadow, every stranger outside of 221B is a potential threat. Sherlock’s skin crawls with the need to protect, that treacherous need that refuses to perish.
“We have plenty detailed guidelines and time to help her now, John”, Sherlock tries to imbue his voice with all the certainty John lacks, and more.
“No..”, there it is, the consonant being drawn out again. “I just wasn’t hungry”
“What?”
She didn’t ask.
“Pity. Was about to say yours looks good on you”
. Of Sherlock. Attempting to reintroduce her darling boy to a steady diet that will get his metabolism going. She follows doctor’s orders of course, always cautious. John knew what it was required but hadn’t managed to pay much attention up to now. Treatments for damaged liver and kidneys, ways of battling reflux-syndrome commonly used for people with other eating disorders, were flying over his head, today. And every day since he came to 221B. Too much to take in.
This time, when people are heard passing by -and this time they definitely look, and stare, even- John doesn’t even seem to know they’re there.
And you’ve left him with nothing. Nothing. Finally.
“That’s a bad sign.”
They nod to each other in silent agreement and Sherlock’s starlit gaze is enough for John to pass by the pub he frequents on his way to the bus station without noticing.
“I am saying, that you should reconsider certain things, Johnny. You really should” Harry lets her voice trail off. It suggests enough.
This was what he used to fear. The vulnerability that came with needing John more than he needed air to breathe. The absolute surrender that this entailed; of logic, of matter-of-factness, of anything familiar, of his very transport in the hands of another, if he was but given the choice. But with John’s arms around him, it doesn’t seem that much of a thing to fear. He knows that when John will let go, reality will come crashing down; just how much he let his guard down, just how much he let his armour slip off, how he took more than he was worth. But now it feels like the right thing to do. The only thing to do.
“He’s not even family, John!”
“Mhm… wanted to…?” Her pen is scratching a notepad.
choose
“But it doesn’t matter, anyway.”
“No…” It’s barely a whisper.
They are both listening with raptness, when she stops. And someone has to answer.
“I believe so.” Sherlock shrugs, but he doesn’t seem to mind the fact he doesn’t know for sure. “We’ll have to research that bit, I suppose.”
“Yes.”
“Last Sunday. He was… he had phased out. Bad. I couldn’t reach him.”
“Always.”
He sees John’s back twist into a knot, as if the words are being wrestled out of him.
This is the man that made his only vow to protect him.
One moment between thousands.
“John, anyone who assessed you would tell you that you are a high-risk case -or in danger of being one” She pushes forward. “You can do better”
Sherlock nodded negatively, rubbing the back of his neck.
It was fake. All fake. He knew. He could feel it wrong. He could see himself. He could see
There is a pause.
. He needs to knock.
“What else has changed since then? Since her first smile?” She treads gently.
“Thirty-eight point three”
Unable.
His lips are over her soft curls at once, grateful to have her, wanting to show her all the love he has taken away from everyone else in his life that always deserved it. Sherlock included.
that.
His fingers reach to bat away a certain wetness slipping down his cheeks. He misses it. He misses Sherlock. Steadfast Sherlock that would grab his bow and instrument and play for him in the dead of winter. So sure. So gentle. Why hadn’t John seen ‘gentle’ before now? Who could play such emotion if they did not feel it? Who could write as such?
“I think she wouldn’t mind. Would you, Rosie?”
“I know he is an adult and he has full responsibility for his choices.”
“I’m… I never knew… why you left, you know, back then.”
‘Oh, god.’ John settles her in her baby chair and brushes her wet from tears curls backwards.
“But I... This is not good for you.
“We will have her close, but I’m not having you catching it too by holding her all the time.” John stands up, looking at him sternly but with a small grin.
Sherlock’s grip is sure over her torso and she’s clinging onto his shirt the moment he settles her there. Her eyes are closed tight but her breath eases when Sherlocks huge palms engulf her close. John eases down against the cushions as well, baby-carrier forgotten on the floor. He looks and looks and can’t help but let his smile show. There’s a feeling bubbling inside him. A feeling connected to those lines over Sherlock’s elegant nose, the frown of total concentration as he gives Rosie his full attention. His fingers are brushing sun-kissed curls, drawing circles over her little back, soothing her before he unwraps her from her thick tiny jacket. His curls, black as a raven’s feathers, brush over bright ones and make a contrast so fitting, John would swear was family resemblance. He looks and sees the two people he was always meant to love. Most in this world. The two people he would do anything for. The two people he would be better for. He would die for. Live for.
She giggles -‘Again!’- and he gets her up his chest, stands and throws her in the air. Oh, how such simple joys of fatherhood he has rarely let himself feel before. In fact, he isn’t quite sure he has done anything like this with her. It has surely been ages since she last acted so carefree with him. Like the child she was. Not afraid.
Sherlock has not been up for breakfast yet. John doesn’t want to disturb him in case he’s sleeping, finally. They both had a hard batch of nights. He needs the rest.
“What ‘more’ is downstairs? You’ve done something”, John teases.
“Sherlock. I am sorry. For everything I’ve put you through. All the hurt I’ve inflicted upon you.” He swallows, his voice breaking. “I didn’t want to hurt you.” A whisper, reverent and shaky between the sure words of sincere apology.
‘Oh, love… Thank you.’
“I-I’m sorry.” He turned, facing the cold gaze, palms rubbing impulsively together. “I need some air.” He gestured to the door, frantic, fingers going through his fringe afterwards, trembling. “We’ll-we’ll talk later, yeah?”
“John.”
Sherlock is looking at them with tentative raised eyebrows. John shrugs. ‘Yes, I can sing, you big git.’
Oh. Yeah. That’s right. One of those irises was looking back at him darkly without meaning to. There was a red stain all around it and the worst of it all was that he could still feel it. His knuckles itching. His fist colliding with soft skin and breaking arteries. His fingers rubbing instantly with stubble. His whole arm vibrating from the impact. Pain travelling up his elbow and bicep, coming to a screeching halt at the numb nerves of an old wound at his shoulder. Sending shrills of anger and weird satisfaction that shouldn’t be there. All over his body. And the look is still there. Steady and resilient. But John can’t be that man…
John doesn’t give a care for his shoulder when he bursts through the door, even when he belatedly realises it was unlocked and the force has sent him tumbling to the slippery floor tiles. His palm comes as a shield and he’s fallen, his breath -finally!- whizzing through him and his wrist exploding in a painful sound that doesn’t deter him from his fall.
“Please”
So, enjoy!!
The big sister. The gay, divorced big sister. Recovered alcoholic. And with a history, it seems, of pressing all of John’s wrong buttons.
“Why wouldn’t I be?”
It’s silent. He watches as Sherlock swallows, as the muscles of that sharp jaw work. His lips purse, and their edges droop. He shakes his head minutely, and makes a small grimace, both eyebrows raised, an ironic smile on his lips. His tone is incredulous. Bitter. Trying and failing to act surprised -
Aphotic: The aphotic zone is the portion of a lake or ocean where there is little or no sunlight.
“John?”
“Good.” A deep baritone.
The image of her face going red, red, red.
Sherlock takes in the dark circles under John’s eyes, the tired, tight-lipped smile, the way he insists just to be over with it already.
“I mean, just last December…”
There is one... two… No, three thuds -something being unloaded onto the pavement from the boot. Then silence. Sherlock tilts his head to the side, lingers with one hand on the staircase's handrail. A door closes, and the engine revs again. Now there is only the mysterious passenger and his cargo across from him, out onto the street, hidden from view.
It won’t be finite. There will be a tomorrow. The possibility and the reality of it. But that one step. That one door when closed… Would spike the longing in John’s gut. The desperate need he has started to witness and feel. The pull that cannot remain unanswered. Only if the man directed towards wishes it to be.
. ‘Friday. Right’. What was he up to on a Friday morning? Sherlock was sure he had a shift in a while. And anyway, John does not eat in the mornings. Sherlock does not have anything that requires cooking. It was quite a puzzle. A puzzle he was not inclined to solve. He listened, and let his body weigh down into the mattress, and his eyes close.
John blinks at her quizzically, mirroring his daughter’s wide-eyed perplexed look.
John stands and makes sure his scarf is folded warmly around his tall neck. Hands in pockets, a blanket over Rosie, they reach the edge of Paddington Restoration park and catch a taxi. Sherlock leans his head to the cold window, his breath shaping foggy patches over the glass, his characteristics sharp as glass themselves.
“Ah. My Gran used to have many of those. She never let us touch any of it.” John pauses, grinning. “It was all fake.”
“What?”
Sherlock sets out to prepare breakfast for all three of them, indeed at first reaching for coffee when it comes to John’s mug -and tutting to himself for it.
Sherlock closes his mouth. Opens it again, changes his mind. Shakes his head and leans back too.
‘Nope, you sit down and let me coddle you a bit. A lot’ Sherlock walks in and gives a soft smile to Rosie who is getting quickly bored at the table, tongue out, blowing small raspberries to her elephant as if to tickle him but losing in intensity by the second.
There were no nightmares today. No fires. No shadows. None at all. John is contemplative of this when the kettle in the kitchen clicks. So… Sherlock is not here. He’s awake. He’s up and already getting on with the day. He’s not beside John anymore. John, who remembers last night. Who lingers on every detail. Who wishes his memory was as good as his genius’ so that he would be sure to cradle this moment in his mind forever.
? If John waking up here, beside him, will have the same effect as everything else that has caused the chasm between them to appear?
It’s weird. Walking to the room from that angle. With his casual change of clothes, he wears at home. Everything implies where he slept. Reminding both of them.
Sherlock knows what John’s hand twitching means (anxiety), what it means if he does not finish his tea (tight stomach, nerves), if he flinches at a sound (PTSD trigger), if he smiles when what he is saying is not something to smile about (he is very, very Angry). From these, a mosaic of infinitesimal details he can piece together John’s mood, what he will do next. But not John himself; what he is thinking when he has not said a word for hours, what he longs for when he’s lonely, what keeps him going every new morning, what memories he has that make him happy. In that respect, John has always been a closed book.
The movement is numb but steady. John breathes out softly, reassuring. Sherlock’s apple bobs at his throat as if it is too tight. It probably is.
“Don’t think so”
“Yes”
“Sherlock.” A whisper. A prayer. He raises his eyes, nose brushing the edge of his duvet as he has huddled himself up in a tight cocoon.
Sherlock closes his eyes with a shiver.
John had not moved, his eyes glued to his sock-clad feet. There was something soft about this; even Sherlock went barefoot.
“Really?” John smirks, expecting a nice big deduction monologue coming up.
Rosie has stopped wailing and even crying. John frowns.
There are noises he should be focusing on, until he can open his eyes. He strains for them; for the sizzling and clanging from John’s cooking, for Honeybee’s babbling. Silence greets him instead. Maybe they are not awake. Depends on the time. His watch is right there on his left wrist, he can just raise his arm to the level of his eyes and he will see. But he doesn’t. He can’t. Too far. It’s too far away.
“Yeah. Yes, of course.” A tiny exclamation right there.
“Clever.”
“I’m Chloe. I’m going to be your friend, alright?”
John shakes his head ruefully. “How much did you hear, last night?”
Sherlock’s cheeks are flushed, cheekbones sharper than ever. John forces himself not to linger on it too much. After all, the cold morning air of Britain will do that to a man. Even more so, on one recovering from malnutrition, collapsing liver, poisoned kidneys and almost fatal injury. All at the same time. John basks in the way his brain can generate such thoughts without the usual sting of guilt and self-hatred. It is still there but it’s lessened to a manageable scale.
John pulls him up, arranging the pillows against the headboard, murmuring. Sherlock’s head leans to his shoulder and he can breathe in his hair for a fleeting moment. John fortifies himself to not lose focus but the smell… The sweet honey and soft bitterness of burning wood… He can’t block that out too. Not when Sherlock is surrendered in his arms like that. Not when the unresponsive muscles remind John of lifeless bodies before the heat leaves them.
He shakes his head.
Does that make sense?
As if he could ever stop smiling when Sherlock is fumbling to find the TV remote inside forts of pillows. As if the pout of Sherlock’s elegant cupid’s bow isn’t enough to make John’s chest heavy and his lungs constrained, fighting to forge out his laughter, an act which he is currently resisting.
“Harry… Please leave it alone. Please. It’s not… that. Okay? I swear to you, it’s not that” John’s voice is small now. Tired. Afraid.
Everything! He had wanted to break through the roof, tear down the walls, his own ribcage open with the knowledge John’s words gave him. Maybe he still does.
Not with life, mind you. With resignation. Acceptance.
Isn’t that what John had said?
With a dull reality TV show on mute in the background, they share in the peace of the aftermath of one of Honeybee’s rare tantrums. She did not want to go to bed early, tonight, too absorbed in playing with her cloth blocks and baby elephant in John’s lap. It is the first time that she has protested being separated from him so fiercely. Sherlock is sure it will not be the last.
"I didn't know"
“I didn’t” He shrugs. He only had made a guess, after all. “It’s just… Lately there’s been too many scones… And too little baking”
. Nothing can be undone.) But because he cares. He cares and he’s an idiot not to show it.
“Oh, hello, thought I’d heard something.” Sherlock opens the door, hair sleep ruffled and toothbrush on one hand, no doubt planning to brush his teeth after he has chewed the last of his pills, which John has arranged into the daily and weekly tiny containers, always situated over the bathroom sink now. He has noticed Sherlock would prefer chewing on the harsh taste of his pills than swallow them as they are sometimes, having to do with his throat still maintaining the nasty habit of clogging up at times.
“Thank God almighty!” It escapes. A shaky breath too.
It has not been easy. John is often nervous. Nervous and sometimes restless, compulsively cleaning, or cooking. Sherlock has hovered a little further away, doing his part, and letting him navigate the new experience of therapy -therapies, actually- with as little to trouble him as possible.
“Why don’t you pounce on Sherlock too, hm?”, John pretends to sound offended. Honeybee blinks at him, batting her large fan of golden eyelashes until John can’t but kiss her nose with a loud mwah sound. Sherlock knows the feeling; he wants to squeeze her and smother her in kisses too.
There is a note of finality in John’s voice, but Sherlock lets it ring and then fade. “Who was it?”
Sometimes he thinks he is going crazy.
In that moment, in the moment John thought he was being judged, Sherlock was being set free. And there was nothing he wanted to give to John more than that feeling, the feeling that made his heart squeeze and his eyes crinkle with fondness, his arms ache to
“Do what?”
John had been afraid. Afraid of Sherlock’s insistence to stay with him, to talk to him undisturbed of John’s anger. Afraid he’ll be out of control. Afraid he’ll hurt him. Again. His mind was and still is filled with memories.
he hates it. He can change it, can’t he?
That flutter and scatter away in alarm when the door is thrown open.
“I have an idea. Do you want to put your drawing on the fridge, so that we can see it every day? It will be a beautiful memory. What do you think?”, he blurts out. She makes a soft ‘oh’ sound of interested confusion.
Sherlock gets up, pulls his dressing gown on, and walks to the kitchen. The curtains in the sitting room are pulled to each side of the window; no need for a light then. He perches on his armchair and closes his eyes. There is a possibility John will come. But even if he doesn't, the possibility alone keeps him warm, lulls him with its anticipation.
