“It’s more, isn’t it?” It feels like Bruce is whispering in his ear but he hasn’t moved; he’s sitting across from Tony. He leans forward, seeking to find what Tony only knows.
“You’re a punk, you know? Going off to fight Schmidt and his gang on your own; what the hell were you thinking?” Bucky’s long hair slides in front of his face, obscuring his features but Steve knows when he’s in for a lecture from his friend. They’ve known one another long enough.
Tony gets up with a scowl on his face and tends to the horse. He’s calling her Friday, but Steve’s not sure that’s the horse’s name.  He gets the horse tied to a thin pathetic looking sapling near the side of the path. When Tony rejoins Steve his eyes are fierce and he’s not taking no for an answer. He pulls out a flask.
Steve coughs and clears his throat. “No. I’ve always been more partial to baseball. We played it in the Brooklyn Regions.”
“Let’s find our seats,” Wong says, and they head toward the table at the entrance that indicates the table number they’ve been assigned.
He loved Peggy, much more than platonically.
Instead, his gaze fell upon the corner of the ward where a thin young man sat on the stool while he held the hand of a patient in the bed. His head bowed, and Tony distinguished small quiet sobs. He wept for the patient. The other patients faded from his view. He knew he should be looking for Steve amongst them, but the pain in his heart only increased when he laid eyes on the pair – the woman in the bed dying, the man at her side so clearly her son.
A little nah gurgled from Steve.
“May I be excused?” He doesn’t remark about Tony’s praise, doesn’t even meet his gaze.
No beta - since my beta was on vacation for this chapter. I apologize!!
“I’m not sure what you mean?”
“Long time ago, yeah,” the vampire said and shrugged his shoulders. He had his hands stuffed deep in his pockets. “Feels like it was just yesterday, but it wasn’t. Not at all.”
“You implied.”
“Natasha,” Steve rasps. He sounds like he’s been screaming for days – and he probably has considering it looks like they used him as a punching bag and worse.
His outfit mimics his colors, red, white, and blue. But it reminds Tony of that uniform Steve had when the Chitauri and Loki attacked. Steve lifts his shield. “Let’s go sledding.”
Tony’s stomach growls then just to betray him. He ignores it and says, “Thanks.”
“That’s all you got to say, Stark?” Natasha groused and Clint flinched. He stayed clear of Steve as Bruce wrapped his arms around himself and climbed to his feet, his torn pants not providing much modesty.
He types his reply,
“I have a warm compress.” Steve’s voice startles him. “I’m sorry I should have announced I was here. I’ll be more careful about that in the future.” He comes closer; Tony can smell the scent of his shampoo and soap. It’s mild and relaxing. It reminds Tony of summer. “I’m going to put this on your eyes and forehead.”
They get up and go to the kitchen. The fries are done to perfection and the roasting chicken looks good. While Tony dishes out the fries and gets both ketchup and vinegar out for a selection of condiments, Steve bastes the chicken.
“You’re asking me?” Steve shook his head. “I haven’t even lived in my souped up body longer than I lived in my sickly scrawny one. So I get it, I understand. But this.” He clasped Tony’s hand, palm to palm. Their palms heated again, as they always did now.  Energy flowed between them. No other vampire or Divini experienced this pairing, this integration of powers so profoundly. “Feels like a privilege I didn’t earn.”
“That’s funny. You seemed to be when we met you on the tarmac,” Tony retorts.
“Don’t tell me you wouldn’t have gone back to Pepper. You love her!” Steve isn’t going to have anything of this – not at all. He did what was right. He divorced himself from any hope he could be with Tony.
Tony stands in the corner of the corridor, his arms wrapped around himself, staring down at his feet. The light morphs around him like a beast waiting to devour him. Nothing, no movement, no twitch from Tony gives away that he’s heard anything Steve projected to him. His eyes come up and he gazes solely on Alternate Steve. “Kill him.”
He blinks several times and his analytical brain clicks into high gear. “So, all of his uteri sacs?” Still not making sense, his mind jitters along a path. Steve had told him the bonding gland had developed after Rebirth – a quirk of the serum, nothing more. They’d adored it because it always enhanced their love making.
“Duly noted.”
“See to it that you heed my words,” Jarvis says. He gestures to the rooms that will become Steve’s suite. “I’m sure you will find your way around. Dinner is at 7. Do not be late.”
“Hmm?” It’s all he can force out of his mouth at the time.
Tony drops to the side and covers his face with his hands. He’s not the type to complain or show outward signs of pain. It alarms Steve.
Tony inhales, steadies himself, and then nods. “Okay, everyone.” They walk to the other side of the lab and Tony directs JARVIS, “Keep an eye on Cap.”
Now that was uncalled for – He nearly sent a retort her way, but Bruce cleared his throat and said, “If Tony’s coming here then we have to do something about Barnes and the twins. The memories that Barnes shared with Tony the last time sent him into a spiral. With the twins-.”
The lights dim and Tony feels an exhaustion weaken his limbs. “Today was a good day.” He doesn’t mention their kiss, what passed between them.
Tony raised a shoulder in a shrug. “That’s your buddy, Barnes, and that other cluster far off is the Maximoff twins. They are really unknowns and only connected to the rest of the group by the common parameter of you.”
“For the same reason, your friend was named,” Wong said and stepped up to the circle of chairs. “Each soul pack has a resonance. You come together as a pack or group of like souls. As the bonds develop you enrich the pack. Your friend, Barnes is it?” Steve nodded. “He is much like you, Captain Rogers. He may need help to regain himself, but whatever transgressions he committed while under the influence of Hydra should not dissuade any in the pack from welcoming him.”
“Could be undone,” Bruce says. “But how?”
“I just – I’m on this weeklong assignment, you know. And it’s – it’s getting harder to-.” His words choke up in his throat.
“No. Not soldiers. We wouldn’t be soldiers. We would be Earth’s Mightiest Heroes, the Avengers.” He chuckles to himself. “I always had a soft spot for Mother Earth. It was a stupid dream. I commissioned the ship right around the time the war broke out-.” He stops and glances at the guards around them. “But things change, times change. Plus, General Fury said I’m not a team player. So, we all turned into soldiers.”
“I’m blown away,” Steve says and his voice beams. The chair scrapes across the carpet and Steve’s on his knees in front of Tony. “I’ve been thinking about you, hoping, wishing. But I thought it was all just wishful thinking. That I never had a chance. And now, you’re sitting here in front of me. We bought lube.” Steve laughs and it’s contagious. “I have condoms in my pocket. Because I’m getting a chance with you. I don’t know what romantic is, but Tony, thinking about someone – well, to me that’s one way to get a fella interested, to me, at least.”
Tony rolls his eyes. “Okay then, just tell him to meet me in the kitchen.”
Army grunt leaves Tony, turns his back and goes over to the workbench and throws himself on the stool. Tony’s surprised the stool doesn’t topple over. He should be grateful, Tony knows that. He should be happy he’s alive, that Yinsen found a way to keep him alive, and that Steve cared enough about a stranger to clean him up, nurse him when he was sick, and finish the arc reactor and place it in Tony’s chest. He should be grateful. Pepper would look at him with that half smile and cocked brow waiting for him to fill in the blanks.
“He’s not going to hurt me.”
“You’re due.”
“Tony?”
“What? What is it?” Tony says as he curves over Steve, his arm on his back.
That’s incredibly perceptive and also very thoughtful. Tony swallows down the coffee as his heart wants to skip in his chest. It’s playing games with him. It’s whispering lies and wishes to him.
“What?”
“Are you so sure?” Tiberius scoffs at him and Pepper steps aside, disappearing into one of the adjoining rooms as if she cannot wait to escape the man’s presence.
“What?” Natasha said but both Bruce and Steve remained mum. She rolled her eyes at them but then Steve hustled to leave the conference room, heading toward the infirmary. He didn’t need anyone else listening in on his thoughts. Would this future just leave him be for a little bit?
“Where?” Tony furrows his brow, concentrating deeply on Steve.
Steve laughs, but it sticks in his throat and someone tells him to take it easy. He’s not sure if it is Sam or the ghost of Bucky. There’s a clatter and then he hears the pad of feet on the floor. Natasha hovers over him.
“It is if you’re making it 10 degrees cooler with your fucking broad shoulders. Now move. I have work to do.” Tony feels the sun shift on his face again and mutters a thank you as he stuffs the earbuds in. He needs to concentrate; normally he uses the virtual goggles interface and without that he’s stick with either using the gloves alone or nothing at all. Since he didn’t unpack his gloves yet, he just closes his eyes, lays back, and works with Friday over the next few hours. It takes all his memory power to go through the codes. He’s trained fairly extensively on memory techniques. Nothing like that stupid ‘mind palace’ shit but using his mathematical skills he’s fashioned ways to memorize lines of code as he works.
Strange pressed his lips together in a tight line. “No, I’m afraid it will come to the fore without your conscious knowledge of it. You will be in the middle of an interaction and you will speak the word. Both of you will be marked, tattooed with the brand. And you will be forever soul connected.”
Steve wants to say yes but the utter truth of it still remains. “Nice.” It is all he can manage.
“For the last time, I wasn’t trying to kill myself,” Steve growls out. “I was trying to do what’s right.” He makes his way back to the bed. He wanted to sit down in the chairs, show he’s not a sick, but the way the room spins, Steve decides the bed is probably the best place to be right now.
JARVIS immediately allows him access to the prince’s quarters, and he enters without the hesitation he once felt. The prince greets him, holding both hands to him. Steve clasps them and then Tony looks him over and smiles.
“That seems a little impossible,” Richards says. “But I’m sure you have it under control. So if you’ll let me go, gentlemen.”
Even though Steve trusts Tony with his life, he cannot stop the rampant stampede of his heart in his chest. It’s painful and throbs a beat against the soreness of his wound. He fists his hands and stands perfectly still, his eyes never leaving Tony.
He marches to the door but not before Steve replies, “Isn’t that how this whole mess started, pal?”
Steve nods and sweats a little. This is far from his dreams of being an artist.
Tony cradles Steve to him but then the larger man shifts and stands, but never breaks the kiss. He wraps Tony in his arms, and then lifts him off the chair. It’s all kind of bodice ripping front cover of an old romance novel carry, but Tony doesn’t care. He’s in Steve’s arms, and it feels natural, right, and so very hot.
“You’re the one who’s hurt, not me,” Tony replies.
“Well, why doesn’t he stop lurking at the door and come in and say goodnight.”
“Leave us? Split away? Die? Why?” Tony stomped, and it echoed in the pitch black around him. “Why do you have to do everything alone? Why are you such a god damned martyr.”
Steve considers reporting to Pepper that Tony’s chancing an upgrade of the implant right now but decides against it.
The alpha strokes his cock and teases his nipples until Steve beseeches the man for release. When he’s allowed to come, the pain is almost too much to bear, too much to find pleasure in. He blacks out for seconds and then comes back to himself with the alpha over him, jerking himself off and laying ribbons of come all over Steve’s face and chest. Steve laps it up, like a dog in need of water. He throws himself into the primitive needs of his brain and body and revels in it. He wants to stay there forever. Pretending the rest of the world does not exist. But he’s feeling the heat slowly ebb away. It’s almost gone now. He’s almost free of it, and he mourns its loss.
“What’s up with the fuzziness?” Steve stepped next to Tony as they focused on Clint’s cluster.
“I specifically picked out the guards at your door,” Steve explains and keeps his voice neutral, his eyes as blank as he can. “You were at no time in danger.”
“What is this nasty?” Thor asked.
“God!  He didn’t. You let him. You’re a god damned fairy,” Bucky growled out and then put the cigarette to his lips. He lit it and puffed the smoke at Steve. “You just want to die. Don’t you? They’re gonna find out, you know. The cops are gonna find out. And you know what happens to little fairy boys in prison, don’t you Stevie? They’ll fucking pass you around. You’re be a rag, a slut.” He threw up his hands. “God, maybe that’s what you want. That’s what you perverts dream about.”
If discretion is the better part of valor, Steve wonders what an omission of truth would turn out to be. He’s not lying when he reports to Bucky that he’s engaged the services of their new blacksmith to check his horse. Bucky grumbles a bit. He spends the next few days sulking and then drags Steve into the empty jailhouse.
“Why didn’t you go back to your room?” Tony’s quizzical but not welcoming.
A kick to his side and Tony opened his eyes to see Rumlow standing over him. “I’m gonna see your boy after this. What say I tell him how you’re doing?” He flicked a long iron skewer in his hand, twirling it over his knuckles and then catching it before it fell to the roof. The glint of the metal shined in the sunlight and seared through Tony’s brain every time the reflection hit his eyes.
“Are you keeping up with your med patches?”
He leaves to go and pick up Wanda. She’s already waiting for him in the parlor. Her eyes are hooded but she’s wearing a long dark red robe. He’s only in his t-shirt and torn pants. It shouldn’t matter.
“So our Steve, the only reason he remembers any of what happened in the intervening year is because of the entanglement, not because he lived it,” Logan deduces.
“No, he isn’t, he might have his own game going on, but we can’t wait on something we can’t trust.”
“I don’t think so.” She knocks his knee with her own. “Frigga knows these things. You didn’t get a happy ending. So don’t lie about that.”
“No need,” Bruce replied. “Just go.”
“Are you sorry you interrupted me or sorry for what you said?” Tony asks and his tone sounds more teasing than condemning.
“I missed you as well,” Steve says and wishes he kept his hat. At least then he’d have something to do with his hands. Tony still drives him off center.
“Actually, no. Which is a whole new kettle of worms that we will need to review. Let’s put in a grievance, shall we?” Tony winks at her and she just grumbles in reply.
Hurriedly, Steve disrobes and climbs into the suit. It needs hemming, but the shoulders fit fairly well. The cuffs are too large and could be taken in, and the waist needs some work as well. Stepping out of the bathroom, he presents himself to Pepper and tries his best not to show his excitement.
Steve pauses the playback again and tries to settle his stress panting. “Fuck.” What if Sam says something about Steve? Bucky will find out. There’s no two ways around it. He needs to take the bull by the horns and come clean to Bucky. “How do you say to your friend, oh by the way Bucky, I’m a whore now?”
“You’re not maintaining your Mantra and transference disciplines well. You need to keep that up.” He took to slurping his soup again.
“I knew I’d seen you around the station before big dick Stark showed up on the scene. Come on, you want me to keep things quiet you gotta give something to get something.”
Leaning against the doorjamb, Tony grins. “Well, you’re going to feel a whole lot sillier.” He flips a switch on the wall and the jets in the bath come alive. Steve yelps in surprise. Mountains of bubbles grow up around him until only his head is visible. Tony chuckles and turns off the jets.
“God, I don’t know if you’re just obstinately stupid or stupidly arrogant, but that’s how you get people dead,” Tony said. He didn’t know why, maybe it was the promises they made last night, or maybe it was that this morning had to come, but he really needed Steve to listen.
Tony straightens in his seat, his arms close to his chest, and he says in a low growl, “I mean to make a life for myself, Captain. I mean to live my life, not rot in a room somewhere. I’ve lost a lot of what was promised to me, but I don’t intend to lose that as well.” He looks over at Steve, his gaze penetrating and slightly menacing. “I thought you would understand the value of living life to its fullest.”
“Hey,” Tony said. “You okay?”
“Generally that means I’m going to be going on some kind of mission that will get my ass kicked and several of my team members will be doing their own mission. I’ll have to say no thank you.”
“He hacked it?” Natasha says and she looks dizzier than Tony feels. “If he hacked it, then-.”
He feels like he should have died, considering the jarring collision with the sand. Who would have thought that sand would be so hard to smash into? Not him. He sits there, half buried in the crater of his meteoric rise and fall. His head rings and the world around him blurs in and out. He smells the grit of it, the sand and his blood mixed together. His bones sing with the echoes of his collision. Intellectually, Tony knows he should get moving, find shade, search for some way to save himself. But that’s just it, for so long Tony’s depended on his wealth and notoriety to rescue him. It hasn’t rescued his soul, but right now, he isn’t sure that matters. He climbs to his feet and abandons most of the gear from the armor.
“She should come in here and face the music.” He drops his hands. His eyes tear. “I want her to unblock my memories. I have a right to know what the hell happened.”
As quickly as the apparition appeared, it disappears. Only a cold chill down Tony’s spine tells him anything at all happened.
Part of Steve blesses his lucky stars that Loki ran off and he had to send Clint and Bucky after him. The Odinson family and their fortune rival the Rockefellers; Loki off in the wilderness demanded Steve send his deputies after the man. At the very least, Bucky rode off happy, since he’d finally earned the star he wanted. It put Bucky in the foothills of the mountains somewhere, probably gone for a few days and leaving Steve breathing room.
Tony sits with a cane, one leg notched over the other, appraising him. His eyes are critical, assessing, and slightly mocking. Steve steps into the room, not to be dissuaded or intimidated. Standing to the side and out of the view of the hallway, Jarvis waits and closes the door and escorts Steve to the chair opposite Tony. Jarvis unburdens him of the wine and bag of food.
“Maybe. I’ve been told that more than once. You know the old genius, playboy, prince, philanthropist. So cliché yet so true.” Tony mocks – not Steve but himself.
How much did he just fuck that up? Tony drops onto the bed, which he shouldn’t do. He’s messing up his clothes and he doesn’t give a shit. He lies down and stares into the blindness. It’s never entirely just black or just white, but shades of gray swirling before his eyes. He used to try and say they were shapes of things and people, but it isn’t. It’s like an ever present after image. It taunts him with hope and gives him nothing but ash in return. The ash burns his throat and weakens his resolve. He’s stronger than this, he knows it. He’s always been a man of action. He’s wanted to present himself that way to the world for all these years. He thinks most of his friends see him that way, he thinks Steve does too.
Grappling, Steve pushes up against Bucky but pulls back on using his strength. Worried about Bucky’s injuries, Steve attempts to throw him off with a sudden jerk and twist of his torso; it doesn’t work.
By the time he’s blinking and holding the circuits up to his chest to see them better in the light of the arc reactor, Tony sighs and realizes this task isn’t going to be completed today – or tomorrow for that matter. It’s going to take a while. He looks up to Blu who only just sat up from his long nap. Another day without food or adequate water.
“As a surgeon, I had always liked families that wanted the answers straight and not sugar coated,” Strange said. He acknowledged Wong before he turned back to Tony. “After our examination of Captain Rogers, we determined that a rare and dangerous schism has occurred between Captain Rogers soul and his mind.”
Steve reaches back, grabbing hold of Tony at the same time he pushes his chair away from the desk. He flips Tony over his shoulder and onto his lap. He’s already hard. His erection presses against Tony’s hip.
Natasha’s expression softens and she comes to him, going up on tiptoes to kiss his cheek. “We never meant for you to be trapped with him for years. We did try, Steve.” She squeezes his hands.
“Well, then think of it as a teaching point for both of you,” Strange replied.
“Thanks,” he said and then switched off the faucets. He would have liked to stay alone longer but it was time to face the music. He stepped out of the shower, dried off efficiently, and grabbed his robe from the hook on the bathroom door. He expected Sam to be waiting in the living room, not standing at parade rest in the center of his bedroom. Steve released a breath before walking past Sam and going to his bureau.
“I don’t mean to be rude. I just want you to understand you can’t expect Bucky to be who you once knew. I also know that he can’t expect the same of you. I am working on that with him. It’s only been less than a day. Give it time.” She didn’t give him space to respond, but instead followed the trail out of the house and toward the wooded area. Steve stepped over the broken boards in the floor of the cabin and went outside, scanning the thick forest around him for any signs of approach. Both Bucky and Iron Man were out there, and they were headed for a disaster.
“You’re a blacksmith?”
In the fire light the orange flames lick and shimmer in the blue like the sun’s rays playing with the azure sky. Tony knows this is no ordinary lion, as surely as the cat’s eyes are odd and unnatural.
Tony grunted, more determined to free himself, but with every motion, his body failed him. It faltered and shuddered against the movement. He tried to grip the nails in his hands, thinking to yank against them, but as his fingers closed into fists, the skin on his knuckles dropped away. He clawed at his palms, trying to get a good grip. Every motion, every small movement flayed away more of his skin under the harsh light of the sun. He struggled again, but he couldn’t grasp the nail and the sun ate away at what little strength he mustered. Tony cried out, but only bubbles of blood dripped down out of his mouth. His lips wouldn’t completely close around his teeth. The blood flowed down his partial chin onto his chest where the iron nail jabbed him.
“Damn, Tony. You know what this means?”
“No! You are mine to do with as I please. I will never release you.”
Tony stands up and asks, “How far?”
“You don’t have to wear the glasses for the week or so before,” Steve puts in. “I’m here. We’re all here to help you. You can let it go for a while.”
The Red Skull stops. He laughs and if he could smile Steve images a demonic, demented grin splitting his face.
“It’s the real world, for one.” Steve says and bats Tony’s hand away to examine the burn on his abdomen. It is fairly well healed. Far too quickly – and with that thought the pain ratchets up a degree. He hisses in response. “Shit. You might be right. It might be me.”
After a long pause, Steve adds, “Don’t have any family, but I thought I wanted to protect people, take care of people. It seemed like the right thing to do.”
“I think I can blow a hole in the side,” Tony says.
“No. It’s fine. I’m just not used to talking about it. I only talk with Sam and Nat sometimes, but most of the time I keep it inside.”
“That’s heart stopping. I think I’m going to get a club sandwich, fries, and a milkshake too.”
“Like I said I don’t think I can ever think of him as Brother, but since he’s part of the pack and he’ll start getting more and more of our-.” Tony didn’t know quite how to put it. “Vibes? Yeah, vibes, then I think it would be a good thing to get him and get him well.”
Steve considered the landscape as Tony watched from the side. “They have guard towers in tandem. That means once one knows we’re there, the whole line will.”
“Yes, sir. I am working to get you transportation-.”
He appreciates it and thanks her. She keys open the lock and he enters the room. She follows him. The bed is in the corner of the room. It’s small – probably only a double. With pillows and the perfunctory blankets. There’s a rack above the bed that connects to the headboard. Even as he examines it from afar the ache in his groin grows and he needs to hold back a gasp. Across from the bed is the main rack – showcase of metal, leather, and chains. She shows him the rack.
Steve slips out of the washroom and through to the door to what he assumes is the workshop. The door opens for him and he stands at the doorway, like an idiot, his mouth open and his eyes wide.
In all the days he’d spent as a vampire, Tony had been lucky to never be trapped outdoors for too long during the day. Even when he escaped the terrorists, he’d done it at night and Rhodey had discovered him in the desert. It felt like a million years ago now. Rhodey wasn’t around to save him; he hadn’t seen his old friend in months. He wished, he prayed to the unknown gods of the dead that Steve might somehow be coming to save him, but he knew through his blood soaked tears he was only fooling himself. Tony tried to pull off the wooden cross, but the sun stole his energy, ate away at the last fibers of strength, and left him powerless. He couldn’t hope to save himself let alone Steve.
“I have my ways,” Tony hisses back. He glares at Steve, as if challenging him but when he realizes that Steve won’t back down (hell, Steve has been fighting bigger and meaner people than Tony all his life), he deflates a bit. “Fine. Fine. Whatever you say. I’ll handle it.” He pulls away from Steve and plasters a smile on his face as he claps his hands and goes back to the milling clerks. “My assistant just informed me that I’ve been mistaken. That you do caterer to a certain clientele. Thank you for your assistance today.”
“Except Frigga,” Natasha says. “She ascended here through the Asgardian Rite. She’s the one that started the revolution against the Soul Keeper.”
Steve nodded and still kept his eyes straightforward like any good soldier.
The shade of the tree is gone, Tony can feel the heat of the sun on his face. He squints his eyes and bows his head. “You don’t understand. Give my glasses back, now.”
Steve sat up and slipped his legs over the side of the bed. His head felt like someone knocked it with rocks a few times. “How long?”
“What up with this? Thought you retired?” Tony says.
Erskine tilts his head and his eyes twinkle. “I suspect that is not exactly true. And I suspect that the prince is somewhat pulling my leg. Tell me, Mer Rogers, why are you not off in the Fleet fighting this war against the Kree?”
Sam only shook his head and peered out the window as if looking to see if anyone caught sight of them. “Get in.”
Gathering up his strength, Tony flung himself toward the side of the building. He would rather die by his own accord and his own choosing than by their hands. Or live in that horrifying state of hell. The sun and the wood contaminant in his system took him down long before any of the agents even bothered to move. They knew what they were doing. They’d done this so many times before. And then he thought of Steve – Steve knew about this horror. He knew the nightmare and he never confessed to Tony. Part of him hated Steve at that moment. Hated him because he never warned Tony, never told him what humans were actually capable of – but then it faded as he realized that Steve had protected Tony time and again. Keeping him away from the V-Corps wandering eyes, stopped them from trailing his interactions with the human world. Who knew what other things Steve had done in his time as a V-Corps member. Had he ever been assigned this duty? To nail a vampire to a cross?
“I’m going to learn astral projection?” Steve asked. He’d spent a lot of his free time reading up on soul packs and astral projections and dimensional transference. If Steve was honest with himself, the idea of learning about astral projections outside of the soul pack really didn’t appeal to him at all.
“Who is your boss? Where’s Hogan?”
Human society was steeped in contradictions. As a vampire, Tony finally got why it was important to have a mate and that it benefited not only the vampire community but also the human community. It kept everyone safe and happy. But humans and laws saw it differently. Tony liked to think of it as he’d thought of capitalism all those years ago. The machine of capitalism wasn’t to spread the wealth but to feed the monster at the top of the heap – the CEO, the owner, the Board of Directors. Those on the highest rung of the ladder wanted to ensure that the money flowed upwards and that the ones down below kept running on their treadmill of labor producing the profits. Union were a direct threat to that – union, socialism, worked toward spreading the wealth, evening out the playing field. Tony took enough economics and finance courses to glean the real reason unions got busted up and not supported by owners. Yet, the people at the lowest rung time and again voted and supported the big guys at the top, feeding off of the idea that if a union came in it would eat away at the vitality of the company when in fact it would mean that the owners and top percenters would suffer. People actively supported the idea of an economics plan to push the wealth upward with hopes it would trickle down. Never did.
He looks up from a crate he’s half buried in. “Yeah?”
A confrontation might tear Tony and Steve apart, forever.
“You like her?” Tony smiles and wishes so damned hard he could see Steve’s expression.
“Yes, it is. And when you would ever think I wouldn’t want to know? That I would go along with something like this?” He tears away the blankets and stands up on wobbly legs. “I want to see her. I want to see her now.” His legs shake like sticks in the wind.  He grips the side of the bed. “Tony told me to get up, to get moving. We have things to do. We need to deal with Ross.”
I was overwhelmed and so grateful to all of you who read and commented on the last chapter! These comments really helped me when I was going through this chapter and doing the revisions that my beta suggested. I also added a few additional words because of your feedback! Thank you for helping to shape this story and make it better!
Tony looks him over and, while the injuries have dissipated somewhat, they are still substantial. “The woman, that woman, did you know her?” He tugs Steve over to the cot, gets him on wobbly feet to stand and finally then fall into the bed. He grunts as he drops on to his back.
Tony sighs and pecks Steve’s cheek with a quick kiss. “I have to get this. Talk to you tonight?”
“And you dropped off the face of the Earth,” Tony snapped back.
Who is to blame?
Steve huffs out a breath and considers Tony. “What do you want me to tell you, Tony? It’s an empty gap in me that’s worse than feeling hungry all the damned time. I know, I know for a fact that things are better here. Technological advances are amazing, and the civil rights advances more amazing. I agree with it all – but.” He pauses for a second and then says, “I know things are better now. I know it. I miss my hometown… I miss the bakery that used to be at end of my street. I miss Mrs. Thomason and her broom that she scattered the pigeons with every day. I miss the way apples tasted. I miss the real bananas. I miss my friends. I miss the Howling Commandoes. I miss the pace of life back then. Nothing was so fast. Because it couldn’t be.” He stops, spent and sighs.
“Well, maybe your new Omega warrior will be your Master of Security, Captain of the Stark Family.”
“Do you feel Bruce?” Tony asked and that seemed like a genuine question.
How did Bruce get here? Why was he here? A distant memory threw the answer at him like a storm hitting him in the face: Healer. He needed to see Cap – immediately.
“In order to get to the Gravity bowl, we need to fly under the station. Surely, you’ve been to matches before?” Tony eyes him and then it dawns on the prince. “You’ve never been to the bowl before? On any station?”
“Steve, open your eyes,” Tony said.
“Not if I can’t get it into my mouth!” Steve retorts and attempts to pick it up with his hands again.
“Fries, if you don’t mind. There’s a frozen bag in the freezer. I brought it. Just make half of the bag.” Steve hums to himself after he gives Tony the instructions. “You can go ahead and use the oven. It will just take a bit longer for the fries to cook because of the chicken.”
The Red Knight – so achingly familiar – laughs and smiles. The Silver Knight didn’t think that demons could smile or find joy. “No, Steve. We’re here to free you. Come, take my hand. I can take you somewhere safe and you’ll start to remember.”
Sam laughed and the tension in the room eased. “Bird suit?”  The tension relaxed as Sam began an animated conversation with the boy.
Redwing sings out to him from ahead and he thinks the bird might have found the entrance to the shoot. He spins around once again as Steve shudders in his arms as if he’s freezing to death. He can’t comfort Steve, not now. Instead he concentrates on his painfully restricted dexterity with the blaster in his hand tucked underneath Steve’s knees. He fires and doesn’t care that it hits a round of pillars. The fortress groans under the assault and all of the troopers glance up at the shaking ancient building.
Well, there’s one reason not to give away the CEO position of his company. “There’s an extra special meeting at SHIELD I have to go to.”
At that point, Tony waltzes out of the bathroom still naked as the day he was born, and Clint only rolls his eyes. “I can hear you rolling your eyes, Clint.”
As he reaches for his case, Tony grabs it and stops him. “Sit down.” Steve eases back into the chair. “Let’s see what else we have here.” He flicks his fingers to indicate he wants to look at the ad Steve printed. Steve pushes it across the desk. Tony opens the folded paper. No wonder Steve thought he was coming to an interview where music was a definitive part of the job. “Why’d you come to an interview that you thought musically inclined would be important to the job when you don’t have that skillset anyway?”
Steve’s chest constricts and he closes his eyes, willing his lungs to relax. “I’m not a spy.”
“You have a bike here?” The excitement exuding from Steve makes the whole proposition worth it.
“Just try.”
“No need,” Steve says. “That book allowed my mom to live another year. I say that’s worth it.” He tugs at the blades of grass, knowing he shouldn’t disturb it but not being able to stop himself. “I did memorize some of the poems though.” He’d always had a great memory. Maybe too good.
Maybe some sleep would help him. He couldn’t remember when the last time he’d actually went to bed and slept for any time at all. He didn’t call for JARVIS to turn on the lights as he lie on the bed. Instead, he curled the covers around him and listened to the darkness. In the shade of the night, he heard footfalls and then the wind. There shouldn’t be wind at the penthouse level. But still he heard the wind and the patter of rain as if it was outside his windowsill. He looked to the windows and saw a fire escape that shouldn’t be there. Even as he sat up and stared at it, his bedroom door – that was not his bedroom door – creaked open.
He swears. This all just gets worse and worse. He thought searching the web for Ultron would be easy – this is all a little too stressful and anxiety producing (not to mention painful) than he bargained for.  He needs to assess the situation and get out of it.
She smiles up and him and then kisses his nose. “What about Poppa?”
Steve drops the spoon. He isn’t happy that Yinsen’s life was forfeit so that Steve could join Tony here. He’s going to have to take that up with Fury the next time he sees him. “I’m sorry.”
“I think I told you, the job.”
“He may be counting on you, but the truth is you’re in no condition-.” Cho turns away from him, ignoring the pleading look Tony plastered on his face. “If we need to, we bring him out, like I said.”
The Hulk shrieks in an ungodly scream.
“Not only my opinion, the opinion of the whole world.” Tony winks at him and then bends forward to grab a handful of popcorn. When he peers over his shoulder to see his reaction, he witnesses Steve staring with his mouth slightly open at the slightly exposed skin at Tony’s waist. He blinks and turns back to the bowl. He’s imagining things. He picks up the bowl and strategically places it on his lap. “This way we don’t have to keep reaching for it.”
“Inappropriate how? I’m married to this man. Steve, do you want to stay here or come home?”
“But this isn’t Valhalla?” It couldn’t be because it never felt like a heaven to Steve, only another realm or layer of hell. “With all the blood and dead-.”
Sitting down, Logan says, “Now you know how I feel.”
When they get to the cab, Steve’s able to convince the cabbie to let him ride upfront. Maybe he has an honest face. Who knows? It’s an uncomfortable ride for Steve. He left his phone in his apartment. He can’t retreat to it to past the time. Instead, he stares out at the city he’s about to leave. Who knows when or if he’ll return to New York City? He grew up here, his mother died here. His life is gone here. Bucky is in D.C. with Sam building a life. It’s time for Steve to do the same.
“I’m not, I didn’t-. How could he?” Tony says and remembers the strange aura around Steve, the feel of energy around him that Tony didn’t even recognize until he was away from it, absent from it.  “I miss him.” The words are out of his mouth before he realizes.
“Your tastes?” Bucky provides and his saddened look does not accuse.
“Get out!” Tony yells. “Get out of my house!”
Steve shakes his head. “Can’t have the energy drink. Not good for my heart.” He shrugs when at Tony’s unspoken question. “I have a lot of health problems. A lot.” He opens the robe and lifts his arm to reveal where the medical patches. “Patches. Change mostly every day.”
“Let’s not what? Blame him? How often has that happened? No one blames him. He fucking builds a murder bot and no one blames him. And now -.”
“Sir, Captain Rogers is in the kitchen discussing the situation regarding the Secretary of Human Security.”
“How’d he get here?” Steve asks as Tony continues to stand, unmoving, only a few meters away. It feels like millions. He’s doing a bang up job this time. He might as well ask for his ticket out of here, he’s not going to win this one.
“You’ve been in a coma for over a week, nine days to be exact.”
“My Ma always told me to be prepared.”
“Yeah, I kept refusing. Like some kind of idiot.” He laughed, but the chuckle possessed no joy. The tone inferred derision. “Got myself a good case of pneumonia after I stayed in the flat and had to pick between paying the rent and paying for heat.”
A lot of unwanted porn sites come up, but then he finds the medical site he is looking for and clicks on it.
When they walk into one of Tony’s favorite delis, Steve pants a few times as if he’s just run a few marathons in a row. He faces Tony and the tense look melts away as he smiles. “Let’s get a table.”
Steve sat up in the conference room. They’d gathered at the SHIELD New York City base, just this side of Manhattan. Since the moment it happened, Steve felt a little nauseous and shaky but he wasn’t certain that it had anything to do with his health and all to do with his introduction into this future – present – whatever. One thing he was sure of – his wrist ached. Ached like he was the sixteen year old kid again and sickly with the flu. He tugged on his uniform, trying to hide the markings. Overall, the future might be impressive in some things, but other things left a lot to be desired.
He struggles to sit up, but the weakness pervading his body slams into him, causing him to fall back like Mjolnir lays on his chest. “You can’t. Don’t do this-.”
“Iron Man,” Tony wants to weep. “Iron Man punishment level ten.”
Tony pats the man’s hand wrapped around his arm and says, “All of us will be going.”
Natasha scoffs. “You want me to figure out what Obadiah Stane is up to? He’s one of the most power people in the whole Conclave and you want me to find out what’s going on in his head.” She chuckles, kicks back in the chair, and rests her feet on her empty desk. “That’s not going to happen. He might be a shadowy figure, but he also happens to command a lot of power.”
“You don’t remember?” He joins Steve at the fireplace and helps stack wood.
His answer whispered to him, through the ages, through the dark of the waters and the ice.
“Is that why you were nearly passed out at dinner?” Tony asked. The fog of that night remained thick and unsettling for Tony.
“What was the first one you had?”
She starts to walk away but before she leaves she stops and says, “I’m here for you, you know that Tony?”
The rest of the car ride they maintain the silence, but Steve finds it more comforting than awkward or stressful. As the vehicle comes to a stop and parks, Tony straightens but doesn’t remove his arm around Steve’s shoulders. The doors open allowing a flood of light to bathe the SUV. Steve blinks against the glare but then looks at Tony who retrieved his sunglasses and pops them on. He smiles at Steve. “It’ll be fine.”
“We saw the news,” Natasha said and that effectively broke up their embrace.
“Please, sir. Please. These patients are critical. They deserve your respect,” the nurse said and then the light spread out and the ward around him appeared.
Eyes.
When he opens them, Tony shakes his head. “You’re going to give up?”
The bond fluttered around him, like a tattered battle flag. Steve reached out inwardly to grab them. Yet, as soon as he gathered a few of the tendrils more would slip away like whispers of clouds in his hands. He forced himself not to panic, not to allow the anxiety of the moment to capture him and use him. He eased away from his fears and concentrated on the anguished call of the soul before him. It ached like stabbing cold winds of winter. Grimacing he began again to collect the remnants of Clint’s soul only to be thwarted again and again. Maybe he approached it the wrong way. Maybe he needed to command the souls together.
“I’m fine.” Steve keeps his eyes focused on packing.
“That’s cultural. I run in different circles.”
He curses. In an instant he’s at the pole and demands, “Penny release all restraints.”
“You are but a mere child to me, Young One. You must realize that.”
The taxi pulls away and both Wong and Strange step up to join him on the sidewalk. They are about a half block from the crowded entrance. Even from their distance, Steve spots the flash of cameras. It’s lit up like it’s the middle of the day. People mob the main entrance to the mansion and large spotlight deluge the gathering with a flood of light. It occurs to him that he hasn’t paid much attention to social media in the last few weeks. Where the public stands on their assessment of Steve as Tony’s arm candy Steve doesn’t dare to hazard a guess, but he’s sure he’ll get a chance as they approach the red carpeted sidewalk area.
Instead of supplying those answers, the Red Knight grasps his hand. “I’m Tony Stark. We were- we were close in the other world. We were a team. Family.”
Steve handles all the equipment and Tony hears him place in the bench in the specific cubbies. “Headache.”
Tony eyes Steven, trying to figure out what going on with the omega and then he realizes it – he’s nervous. Yes, they’ve sat down and talked before – many times but it was in a situation where Tony was very clearly alpha and Steven was in the subservient role of omega.
But it doesn’t matter. Steve talks and Tony shifts, slowly waking, and moves to turns his head towards him – like he always does as he rouses from sleeping.
“We have time then, we’ll figure it out,” Tony promise and he understands the sincerity of an empty vow then; he wants it to be the truth, but he feels the hole it creates in the center of his chest. “It’s going to be okay.”
Bruce curled in on himself as if the weight of shame settled on his shoulders. “I thought it was – you have to believe me. I worked on that because I thought it was the right thing to do. He made me believe, but the fact was we couldn’t figure it out and I thought it was safe. I convinced him to work on just the disease after that.”
The intimacy of a touch to his hand surprised Steve. He focused on Tony’s hand, laid gently over his, but slightly tightened at the same time. As he relaxed, Steve welcomed warmth of it, flesh to flesh. No part of him felt repulsed or wrong. He wondered, and then turned his hand over to grasp Tony’s hand. He pushed gratitude out through the bond, not sure if he was over thinking it, over working it. Would it not work at all or would it be like a tidal wave of feelings.
The flush of embarrassment hit him but he kept his eyes on Tony, didn’t shy away. “I get that. I guess I just don’t know who Steve Rogers is anymore.”
“I thought you might like to see this,” Tony said. He hadn’t really worked on it, not much at least. It had only been a few little notes and maybe some code. “Something I started working on when we came back from London. Like I said, I see it as a mathematical equation.”  Tony keyed in the program he’d been working on and asked, “J-man give me the whole shebang.” He flung his arms out because he was always dramatic.
“Maybe. Natasha and Clint could have had a hand it in too,” Bruce said. “It’s not like anyone else gave him anything to do other than deal with the complete displacement he must feel on his own.”
“You’re here?” Steve’s voice brings Tony out of his reverie.
Without being asked, Steve explains, “I had to cook a lot when my mom got sick. She kept wanting to go to a sanatorium because of the TB. She was afraid I would catch it. I never did. She did end up in the sanatorium. The landlord of the tenement reported us, and she was forced to go. I stopped cooking for a long time after she died. I couldn’t bring myself to do it.”
With practiced skill, Steve leads Tony through the vestibule to the sitting room that includes a smaller version of the stone fireplace in the living room with a large screen television over the mantle and comfortable chairs scattered around. Wide sliding glass doors open to the balcony at the back of the house. Steve guides Tony to his bedroom through the living space. He stops.
“Lord, what are you a teenager?” Tony grimaced. “It’s a saying. Nothing to it. At all.” Lies, lies, lies. He kissed Steve and Steve kissed him. The first was a messy kiss – the kind where his teeth hit Steve’s – but at the same time it set fire to all his nerves and he thought the hair on the back of his neck stood up. The second had been rushed and bashful, but so sweet like a kiss delivering a promise of something better. All he could think of was getting his hands on Steve again. He wiped at his eyes and shook his head. God, when was the last time he slept? How long had he been down in the workshop since London? He forced himself to concentrate on the here and now. “You should be ashamed of yourself.”
Picking out the least exotic soap, Steve washes the plug and the dildo (although he hasn’t used it yet). He scrubs and then asks JARVIS to get water boiling for him. By the time he’s finished the wash, the water’s ready and he sets the plug and dildo in the pot. “Give me eight standard minutes, please.”
Stark only shrugs his shoulders and answers as he cuts into his bacon. “I only wonder if the famous Captain of the Union army represents all of the ideals of America or only select ones. Are you truly Captain America?”
At that moment, Steve clears his throat to announce his presence. They turn to find him standing in the hallway. His hair is still damp from his shower and he’s freshly shaven. The blue t-shirt stretches dangerously over his muscular chest and the jeans hang precariously on his narrow hips. “Good morning.”
In a last effort, he heaves once to get the thing off him, but a press of a paw pushes him back and pins him down. “Shush now. I’m trying to staunch the blood.”
“Why did you do it then?” Tony hissed. “If you loved them so much, why the hell did you mate with Natasha? All I can think is that you and Ross and Pierce were playing the long game. You mated with her and infiltrated her coven. They used you, Barton, and they will throw you away.”
Nearly died? But he couldn’t die. Tony looked at Bucky and then back at Steve. “He’s not what he was though. He’s not ill.”
Steve nodded. Truthfully, he wanted nothing more than to collapse. Whatever had happened, however he managed to heal Sam, the act drained him. He allowed Tony to grasp his hand and lead him out of the medical bay. As they slipped down the hallway, Natasha caught up with them.
“But how could he have possibly been turned to the ‘dark side’?” Tony used air quotes to bracket the last two words.
“Mainly I wanted a place to get away that no one would look for me. It’s remote, it’s cold. No one would want it. No one actually did want it. I got it for a song.” Tony knocks a tree log with his cane and then steps over it. “It’s perfect really. I thought about moving here, permanently at one point.”
That’s when Clint flinches and says, “Go ahead, I know what you’re thinking. We’re all sitting here and living off him selling his body. You’re not wrong. But you don’t have all the facts.”
“Wait. What are you doing?”
He’s not sure what that means but doesn’t question her as the sedation and the fatigue take him again. He feels like he hasn’t slept in all the time he was in the cradle. Every time he went under he re-experienced the moments with Tony or Bucky. He flinches inwardly as he thinks of how they juxtapose.
At that moment, Tony thrashed around, and his voice came back. A tortured scream filled the cell. He sobbed as the pain shot through him, like a thousand insect stings all over his body. He grimaced, and blood tears ran down his face. Each sting exploded, and agony streaked through his muscles, through all of his newly reformed tissues. Turning to look one last time at Steve, Tony memorized the curve of his face, the hope in his expression, the strength through the weakness and the battery he suffered. And then there was nothing left because the thing inside of him burst forth and changed everything. Changed him.
Steve broke his short-lived vow to stay silent. “What are you doing here, Clint? Why are you here?” Steve wrestled with the chains, feeling them, trying to find out if what Clint told him might be true.
Tony tilts his head and furrows his brows. “Yes. There’s nothing wrong with my hearing.”
“Oh?” Pepper said and stood there a little stunned and wide eyed. She stammered over her words before she finally got them out. “I didn’t expect you would agree. Now. You know with the Avengers’ responsibilities and all?”
“True, but what if we supposition that the universe is a particle and other realities are other particles. Then entanglement works. Newton physics is the law for our daily lives but not for the space-time continuum and understanding it,” Tony says. He can see Richards shift around uncomfortably like he has ants crawling up his legs. “Entanglement talks about space and distance but it also must rely on time. So-.”
Those blue eyes study him, and Tony swears he can see intelligence and something like resolve, perseverance, and stubbornness. He gestures for the lion to come close and Blu does. Tony closes the gap between them, and Blu welcomes him. He snuggles close and Blu gives a contented sigh as he lays his head on his big paws.
“I thought Sam and Natasha were working on that with you.” Tony leans his arm on the back of the chair.
Tony had gotten right into Rhodey’s face. “Look at me, Rhodey. Look at me! Do you see a man who’s ready to give up? I’m not. This is me. I’m fixing it.”
“No. No.” He walks over to join Steve near the floating image of the armor. “Tell me what attracted you to this one.”
Again, Steve lays a hand on his shoulder and pushes him down. “You’ll eat, and rest. I got them to give you another day to recover.”
Steve wipes his face with a napkin and then says, “Well if you must know, I don’t think so. I mean I haven’t measured how much other people shit or anything, but I think my body uses the nutrients more efficiently.”
“It’s okay to share it, Steve. We’re here for you,” Tony murmured. Steve didn’t reply, not verbally, but the wall he’d constructed between himself and the rest of the pack disintegrated and the flood of pain and loss hit Tony. He gripped onto Steve. “That’s it. We’re here for you.” His voice sounded strange, off, as if he listened to it from very far away.
Nothing.
“But I do. May I kiss you Tony?”
“On your lap?”
“It’s okay, Bruce,” Steve said. “Tony’s got a lot on his mind. I’m sorry I interrupted you. But I really do need to help Clint. We were in the middle of bonding when the train was attacked. And now-.” Steve shuddered. “I don’t know. It actually feels like Clint’s soul is trying to leave his body.”
“Let me get out of these wet clothes. Take a shower and I’ll be down. Okay?” Steve stands and puts his gloved hands on his hips.
Natasha watches him from the recliner and then turns to Tony. “What did you do?”
“You can go get some sleep and I’ll work on it.”
“That’s the plan.”
Steve smiles. “Thanks JARV-.”
“Yeah! Yeah! She’s fabulous. Her lines, the 40s motif. The detailing. Wow!”  He’s skipping around the bike, skittering with his booted feet.
And finally the progress bar is solid. He yanks the wires out and charges his way down the tunnel, scorching anyone in his path. He’s half surprised that the armor actually functions. The flame throwers are especially lovely and he uses them with impunity. He burns the place as he hurries to find Steve. With a little luck, they’ll get free of the tunnels and be free of this damned place in no time.
“Yeah. It’s not like they’re very good about hiding it. Did you happen to walk in on them yet?” Tony slides down into the bed. He’s under the duvet and sheet; Steve is not.
“I think he’s up to something and this Tiberius is the key.” Steve cannot believe for one minute that Tony would truly intend to marry Tiberius. Even if Tony hadn’t remembered everything that happened, he’d have some information from Pepper. Pepper would never let something like this happen. “I need you to check it out, look around. Find out what you can and do it quick.”
“As far as I can tell. Don’t worry; the nurses at Aunt Peggy’s house were able to get her to settle down-.”
“It’s universal,” Tony said. “Why wouldn’t it.” Thor furrowed his brows at Tony as Steve tried for a smile but didn’t quite manage it. “Well, Thor, welcome to the pack.”
“Very funny. Are we done?”
He stopped. “Steve!”
Steve enters the bedroom, gently depositing Tony on the bed. It is a queen but extra-long. There are too many pillows and a plush duvet that he wouldn’t want to ruin in light of what they might be doing next. “Do you have- I mean if you’re interested, we’ll need lube.”
Before she can answer, JARVIS chimes in, “Mer Rogers, you asked to be alerted to the time. It is one hour and a quarter until you are to meet Prince Anthony for dinner. He is running on schedule tonight. I expect he will be there on time.”
Traveling back to the brothel Steve grows antsy and worried. He has less than twelve hours before the arrival of the prince and he needs to get himself prepped and he needs to do his homework – or more of it. It doesn’t stop him from slipping into one of the shops that refused to wait on him and hold up his bags.
He cannot let it continue. Not like this. Eventually as he slumps against Steve, he falls asleep as well. His mind heavily wrapped around the issue. When the bed jerks in response to Steve rising Tony finds his way to wakefulness. He rubs at his eyes and scrubs his hands through his tangled hair.
Steve bobbed his head. “I get your point. I do. But Stark, Tony, doesn’t trust me. Hell, he doesn’t even like me.”
“Like the body and spirit didn’t recognize one another anymore,” Steve said as Tony added, “The soul is raw energy, not grounded.”
“Fruit salad?”
Blu sniffs again and then huffs at Tony with exasperation.
Surely the serum would have cleaned and cleared his system of any remnant of Tony’s healing factor. The vampire coagulant was a direct remedy to the anti-coagulant that his fangs injected. The fangs also induced the enhanced state of arousal. He went to the elevator. The serum would have cleared it by now He had to believe that as he stood at ease waiting for the lift.
“Hmm,” Steve says and then there’s the scrape of metal against the tiled floor.
He sends a message to Bucky, informing him that he has an assignment he can’t get out of, that running the Rails is out of the picture for him. Having to deal with Tony Stark is going to be a lesson in patience and restraint. He tucks the pad back into his chest pocket and straightens his jacket.
Ross signals the guard. “First, there are some minor requirements.”
With no other strategy to find a way into having a role in this play, Steve latched onto the one thing that had bugged him since he moved to DC. “What about Clint?”
Tony jerks and blinks again. “Hmm?” His eyes don’t focus. “Is that you, dear?”
Steve opens his mouth as if he might respond but the words take their toll and he snaps his mouth shut. His eyes glint. His jaw muscle twitches and he nods. “I’m sorry. I’ll shower. I’ll give you a discount.”
“Even after we bonded officially, the dreamscape was a safe place. There, Steve accepted me as his Beloved before he had in real life,” Tony said. They were seated in the small medical conference room. The large screens dotting the walls were dark and the windows to the city below them shaded. The long highly polished table was empty as were most of the chairs. Only Wong, Bruce, and Strange attended Tony.
Strange brings one of the apparatuses over to sit in front of Tony. He has Tony place his chin in the small plastic cupped shelf and then sits on the others side. “Please, Personal Assistant, turn off the lights.”
Somehow he'd found himself in Sam's care. A former slave, but then a soldier in the union army, Sam looked after him when he’d been assigned by the higher Command. Sam spent hours at first with him, trying to coax him out of his pain and nightmares. Steve had thought for sure that his life would remain bleak and colored only in the horrors of his nightmare and memories. But Sam had been there for him, talking him through nights, and keeping him company when he couldn't tolerate any other human being around him. Sam had been there. Through days and then weeks, he'd rehabilitated Steve and saved him in so many ways.  When the doctors gave him opium to quiet his mind and Steve found he couldn’t live a day without it. It had been Sam who found a way to help Steve through the delirium of withdrawing from the drug. He’d held Steve’s head and helped him vomit into a bucket, worked him through the worst of the manic and depressive phases. Sam saved him in mind and body. It was the least Steve could do to save Sam in return.
“Oh, sorry.” And Steve sat back and waved at the camera. Tony bit his tongue. Steve looked good. He wasn’t in that hideous spangled costume anymore, but a dark navy blue outfit with a silver star in the center of his chest. His hair style showed a more modern cut. He sported a relaxed, almost pleasant look – not haunted or angry like the last time Tony saw him over a year ago – or more. It was more. The Battle of New York took place nearly two years ago. A million years and the repercussions still ate at him.   “Good to see you, – T-. Mister Stark.”
“I thought you couldn’t speak English that well,” Tony says and his mind reels at the subterfuge.
He face flushed and he attempted to put the memories away, cut them off. He went through his Soul Mantra over and over but it only succeeded in solidifying the images until it felt as if Tony hovered over him. He swore if he reached out he could caress Tony, feel his sinew and musculature. He could compare his pale skin to Tony’s olive undertones and luxuriate in his warmth as he settled down on top of Steve. It felt real and perfect and Steve found himself rutting into his hand with a wild abandon. He squeezed his eyes closed and banished the images. It wasn’t right. It couldn’t be right. Natasha’s words whispered in his head and he swore. He pushed the phantom of Tony away and rolled over, but he stayed hard and needy. He tried to picture his neighbor but her face wouldn’t come to mind, he tried to think of a young Peggy, but all he saw was a grandmother figure with photos of her grandchildren on her side table. He thrust and he grappled to visualize anything – anyone other than Tony.
Steve had to admit his attraction to Tony started before the soul pack brand even appeared on his wrist. Sure, he fought and debated with Tony, but that didn’t take away from the fact that his pulse heightened and he grew excited about the opportunity to be around him.
The idea of seeing Tony again, confirming that he is all right and thriving guts his enthusiasm for riding free on the roads, disappearing into the throng of human life and nature out amongst the countryside. He bows his head and affords himself a moment to quiet his hopes. While it was Pepper who fired him, Tony had his reasons for not reaching out to Pepper.
“Yeah? Well, I have no idea what you’re talking about. If that means you’re going to put me in a prison under the sea – well, you know how that turned out with the rest of my team,” Steve shoots back. He really doesn’t want to confront Tony, but it seems like that’s all they do. They oscillate from calm and tender to irritated and livid. It’s getting him seasick or maybe that’s the after effects of the cradle. He frowns.
Steve wrapped Tony in his arms and kissed him soundly and completely. When he broke for air, he said, “I’m coming. You can’t get rid of me that easily. Just don’t wait up today. I won’t be able to get back soon.” He embraced Tony. “Eat, please. If I’m late, drink the pig’s blood.” Before Tony could protest, he said, “I know you hate it, but for me, eat.”
Laura returned with a first aid kit and then rounded up the children who had been hanging on the bannister of the staircase trying to eavesdrop on their conversation. She shared a look with Clint and then brought their children upstairs much to their whispered protests. Steve waited until they left and then gathered up the supplies. He came and sat next to Tony and gestured for him to lift up his tattered shirt.
Rolling the cart over, Tony gestures to the food. “Eat whatever you want. How much you want.”
“No. It’s something that shouldn’t happen and how did that bastard figure out who you were?” Happy stomps forward as Steve follows along.
He picks one on the other side of the couch. He figures it’s not an outright rejection but it’s not an invitation either. His father always called him a coward. “How about – maybe a World War II movie. You might relate to that -.”
Steve stares up at the grey clouds – how impenetrable and powerful they look. They don’t look like the clouds that Thor calls upon and his mind drifts to the God of Thunder – wondering where he is and what he’s doing.
“Why would that be?”
“This is going to throw you off,” Natasha said, not mincing words. “We need your head in the game. If you can’t do this-.”
“Everything is like that but different, it seems.” He pulled Tony toward him. “Now, how about you take it slow and easy and we make love?”
“No, he didn’t perish. He saved himself and a certain little girl,” Fury states and glares at Steven.
“No!” Rhodey stops himself in mid-yell. “No, it did not. What the hell are you pulling here Tony. Are you married to this guy or not? How am I going to explain this to the General? To the Joint Chiefs.”
“The definition of life was first described by an alpha – so doesn’t that muddy the waters?” Steven says.
(See the end of the chapter for
He studied her. He knew there were things he could implicitly trust her with – she wouldn’t rat him out. She couldn’t because of the soul bond. “Can I tell you something?”
“Do you even remember my parents? You killed them. You strangled my mother. You son of a bitch!” Tears ran down his cheeks and he opened the faceplate and the helmet folded down. He wanted to look the killer of his mother in the eyes. “You don’t even know me. How could you even remember them?”
“Yes, please.” Happy gestures for Steve to get in step with him and they leave the prince’s quarters. Happy fidgets as they walk toward the exit of the ship. “Do you take the late shift a lot?”
“A little, part of the nanites job that I programmed is to numb the ejection. This pad here on my palms is artificial. Inside where the nanites hibernation is artificial as are all the routes to the palm port.” Tony smiled at him, but concern creased his brow. “Do you find it repulsive?”
“Yes, dear Steven.” Thor crossed the space between them. It felt like a gulf but closing it felt like a victory. He lifted Steven’s hand. “Tell me there’s something more.” He didn’t let his gaze drop.
He couldn’t shake the feeling of inadequacy as well as the thought that he might be too big for his own body. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry. I don’t know what to do. I haven’t been with a guy.”
“They’d want to be Divini as well. They’d long for the power for themselves. They want to be Divini or they’d want to control you,” Steve whispered. With the release of tension, what little energy he’d had drained as well. Keeping his eyes open turned into a battle. “I think I want to be alone now.”
An arc of raw energy sparked between them before Thor staggered back and trembled. Steve fumbled for purchase and Tony grabbed his arm and threw a hand around his waist to keep him upright. The bonding drained Steve, and his face paled. Bruce helped shore up Steve, supporting him from the other side.
“Coming-.”
Natasha shrugs a shoulder and then turns to the vast landscape outside the windows. Wakanda’s jungles brim with life and beauty. The verdant scenery takes his breath away every day. “What would have been the point?” She doesn’t release his hand, but does step over to the windows. He follows her unwilling to let go, not yet. “He didn’t need to know. I saw my parents’ graves, little plots all grown over. What did it do for me? Nothing, but bring back the cold, the emptiness. He didn’t need to know.”
“I’m leaving. I’ll talk to Nat about providing you a replacement. I don’t expect anything from you, don’t worry about that.”
As a young man, Tony had a chance to accept a ride on the space shuttle. It was a glorious opportunity, but he hadn’t passed the tests because he went to the evaluation too drunk to see straight. The shuttle exploded on its return journey. Tony counted himself as lucky then, but maybe he wasn’t lucky at all. Maybe he was meant to be on the flight, maybe he should have died then, maybe none of this would have happened had it not been for Tony and his needs.
“The uniform was his idea?” Steve asks and his heart gallops in his chest.
Tony laps at the underside of Steve’s cock sending thrilling shivers up his spine and coiling his need. Steve clenches the fist on his hand steadying him against the wall of the shower. He grips the back of Tony’s head, tearing slightly at his hair. Tony’s groans send another shot of hot pleasure up Steve’s spine. His hips jerk as Tony takes him in his mouth again and he wants so much more. The prince grasps Steve’s hips and urges him to move, to pound into his mouth. The water splashes over their heads and Steve shudders with both want and heat. He tries his best to still his hips, but Tony encourages him like he has before – his tongue plays along Steve’s cock and slides over the slit. It’s too much, bare skin against bare tongue. Steve doesn’t remember the last time he’s had unprotected sex. He shouldn’t now. He bites back a cry; he’s lost all rational thought.
“Your father used one just like that.”
“What?”
“We both have to believe it for it to work,” Tony says.
“Not sure I want to. Would rather have the armor.” He tucks his hands under his armpits, through truth be told the getup he’s wearing is surprisingly comfortable and warm.
“Yeah?”
“Sorry, I almost forgot them,” Steve said and wondered why he wouldn’t have remembered. Part of his brain only wanted to hide his head in the sand and forget about what he needed to learn about the future. “Just another thing to learn.”
“So that’s why I have to keep fixing his lab and floor,” Tony growled out.
There are other marks that are more difficult to discern in the dim light. They remind Bucky of hand prints as if Steve’s been slapped and grabbed and hit multiple times. Hesitating to touch him but knowing that time is of the essence, Bucky reaches out and lightly places a hand on to a too hot shoulder. The heat radiating off of Steve is in contrast to the frigid temperature of the filthy cell. Fever. Bucky doesn't inspect the cell too closely. He's already seen the bucket in the corner for human waste; he already glimpsed the thread bare blanket on the floor that Steve lies on; he's already seen the dented metal bowl with the gruel and maggots in the corner. He clearly understands the hell Steve has gone through in these many months. Even as he blinks away the tears, he cannot comprehend why he doesn't see everything tinted in the red of his fury rather than the cold blue of the light.
“I also escaped that day, if you recall. Obie was not happy. I’m not supposed to put myself in danger like that,” Tony replies. “But mostly everything else has been prepped for my – and other leaders – presence so that we’re kept safe and sound.”
“Trying, Tony, trying,” Steve mumbled, though he curled against Tony and closed his eyes.
“We want you to take a look at this,” Nat said and plucked a thumb drive out of her skin tight cat suit. “And see what he’s been through to try and understand what happened to him.”
When he walked out of the bathroom with the glass in hand, Tony said, “I think we need to cool it a bit. I’m drinking too much.”
“Interesting,” Steve said. He never was a good profiler, but he believed in people and had faith in them. “And where does one clandestine boss who may or may not be dead get the funds?”
“Don’t fall for him, Steve. He’s charismatic and broken. You don’t want to fall for someone you can never have,” she warns.
“And you found out you weren’t,” Tony says, and Steve cannot meet his gaze. He turns to the waters, the beckoning waters that may heal or drown him.
“He’s mine.”
The tears burn his eyes and he closes them, trying to will away the feeling, the hell brewing inside of him. “No, he needs to find someone else.” He builds up the strength, works on it so he can respond. “You can’t have an Omega you can’t trust. Fealty is built on trust. Ho-how can he trust me --- when he thinks I hid stuff from him on purpose?”
When he finishes, he’s legs give out and he topples downward, Tony guiding him to his knees and they collapse into one another. He quakes through the after effects, never knowing that touching himself could cause his insides to turn over and contort into knots. He gulps in breath as Tony pets his hair.
“I mean what’s happened? You’re not you anymore.”
Ross smiled at him and then tilted his head.
“Do you like snakes? Well, I do-.” His voice trailed off as Cathy guided him to the room where Barnes was being treated.
Scott scoffs at him. “Next time we go out, you’re buying.”
“I heard he was one of the top surgeons in the world until his accident.”
“Sorry sir, Mer Stane, I found him. He has some kind of device on his wrist. I think he might be a spy,” Rumlow says.
“Where?” Steve says and his voice sounds wrecked.
“Really?” Now it’s Steve’s turn to feel a little violated.
“I am not your son, and you are not anyone I want to talk to. He wanted your help, do you know that? But no, you left him to the streets and he had no other choice.”
“No,” Steve says and sighs. “Tony’s a good man.”
He kisses Steve, looks down at his daughter and wonders what her legend will be.
“Thanks, Clint.” Steve slaps him on the back.
Fury tapped the table then and his one eye grew narrow with rage. “Keep it down, son.”
“Enough,” Clint said as Steve made a right-hand turn. “But not enough to put our coven in danger.”
Steve squirms in his seat. “I-I’ll think about it.”
“Sleep. You’ll feel better in the morning. Tomorrow is important. Forget this,” Steven says and lays a hand on Tony’s shoulder. “Go to sleep, Tony.” The way Steven whispers his name is wistful.
He reaches over to pull off the blood pressure cuff, and then yanks out the intravenous line, feeding him what he doesn’t know. The pulse-ox monitor is taped to his finger and he has a time of it trying to unravel the tape to get it off, but finally he does. The bed rail is easily handled and he shifts off the bed only to be stopped by – “Hey, where are you going?”
A pinch and then chilled grains pepper his cheek. It’s instantly cooling and numbs Steve’s face. He opens his eyes as Tony finishes. “How’s that feel?”
“Sorry, ma’am we’re just looking for a room for the night,” Steve says.
“Why?” Tony says as he looks up into Steven’s veiled expression.
“It must have been the serum. It probably sped up the process.” Natasha knelt down next to Steve and picked up his wrists. “I don’t know what kind of locks these are. The metal is probably adamantium. Reasonably sure even Captain America can’t break that.”
As they start to head out, Tony says, “It’s a surprise to me. Pep would say I’ve been mooning over you. I think she exaggerates when she’s been watching too much of the Viz. But I have to ask, was it as simple with your Carbonelli alpha?”
He shoved them in Steve’s hand and went to get water from the ensuite bathroom. He checked the water as it flowed from the tap for the temperature. Steve never liked very cold water. As Tony looked up and checked his own reflection – because vampires did reflect in mirrors regardless of what popular culture said– he noted the full blush of his skin tones. He seemed to glow as if there was an everlasting light embedded in his chest. It bowed his head. He’d gone too far. Drank too much again.
He tips his hat and stands up. “Sure thing.”
“She did,” Steve says and doesn’t elaborate.
Bruce scowled. “We think to protect him. The US government’s got egg all over its face and a ton of people are trying to clean up and say they had nothing to do with Nazis.”
“Oh,” he says and pulls out the transparent card T’Challa gave him that has his membership and the payment.
His friend’s finger twitched. That was all the warning Steve received. Nothing more. Everything in the room became a weapon, a threat, a binding. The ropes from the bed became his bindings, the milk bottle became his nightmare.
Steve got into the elevator and asked for the med-bay floor. He leaned against the back of the car as the lift closed. His shoulders slumped and he let out a long exhale. “Well, that didn’t go well,” he murmured and clutched his arms around his chest. He hadn’t done that in years, decades really. When he was younger and smaller, after he confronted another bully in an alleyway, he always end up with blood stains on his shirt. In order to hide them he would fold his arms around his chest so his mother wouldn’t see. She knew. She always knew regardless of how much he tried to hide his failings. Only thing was Tony wasn’t a bully in an alleyway. He was Steve’s Beloved and he was hurting – a lot. Steve felt the reverberations of Tony’s reaction to the news. How it both horrified and sickened Tony in one breath. The shock upset the bond until it quaked and threatened the pack.
When he speaks, Steve realizes he’s still conversing through his implant. “We have a problem with the pod. If we don’t give it enough juice, then the catalyst isn’t going to work. Tell the good doctor he shouldn’t try it on the subject. Okay? Yes. I’ll talk to Obie a bit later. Thanks. Yes?” Tony nods a thanks to Steve as he offers him the mug of coffee. “No everything is fine. Yes. He’s right here with me. All good. Still Pep I want to see Rumlow pay. He doesn’t do that to one of my crew-.” He stops and grimaces. “Yes, my dear Duchess, I realize that. Okay. Talk to you at the meeting.”
“Here.” Frigga stands outside the archway. “This place is only for the two of you. No one will see you here. Here you must decide how entangled you may be. How your lives revolve around one another. How your deaths revolve around one another. How the passage beyond this realm will change and mold to your entanglement.”
Tony caresses a hand down Steve’s cheek, while he holds the other. “I missed you.”
“To what fucking end?” Tony hissed. The anger raged through him and he boiled. He wanted to leap at the man and punch him until his face split open. His fury heated him and he thought it could light an entire city considering the energy racing through his nerves.
The word ‘destroyed’ floats up to his consciousness and he feels its buoyancy as if he clings to it like a raft against the tide of his life, against the decisions. As he does, he wakes further from his rest and recognizes the inside of the cradle. The pain still spears him and he wants to grab at his gland, but he’s tied down, unable to move. He struggles but with each movement of his body the pain expands across his chest, tightening like a vice. It feels like an asthma attack and he grapples to gulp a lungful of air. He feels like he’s failing.
“Technically, yes,” Tony said. “But Barnes isn’t with us. He’s in the wind somewhere.”
“How bad could it get?” Sam asks.
Tony laughs. “No, Jarvis, our butler. The AI I invented and named him after our butler. Jarvis was like a father to me. He taught me right from wrong. Set me straight. When I was in my teens Howard had enough of Jarvis’ interference in my development.” He uses Steve’s shoulder as a pillow as he sinks further into the water. “Howard sent Jarvis and his wife, Ana, away. To the Beyonds, near Rac-2. He didn’t last. It’s a frozen moon for god’s sake.” Tony rubs a hand over his face. “One of the reasons I went a little crazy was  - Jarvis died out there. I went on a drinking binge for years. Sexed my way up and down the The Cat’s-Run. I never forgave my father and my mother by association. It’s not like she tried to do anything about it.”
Steve stops. Tony imagines he must be exasperated. Instead, Steve’s voice is soft and kind. “I can’t come to understand how you feel about this, Tony. Like you said earlier when I first came to work for you, me trying is just ableist talk.” He squeezes Tony’s hand. “But the truth is, I worry about you. The pain the implant causes. I don’t want to lose that brain of yours. Maybe you don’t get it, but you’re brilliant. Beyond the norm of brilliance. Just the idea of an implant to help you see is far beyond what anyone else has imagined or even invented.”
“Da, what’s the name of the book again?” Like clockwork Morgan asks the same question every night.
“What word?” Bruce finally sits down on a stool and leans into the workbench, elbows on the edge. He picks at the wires Tony tossed to the side.
He jerks back to the present as Pepper expresses her concerns. Tony smiles: the thoughts of Steve are soft and sweet, if not a little too painful to dwell upon. “No. He’s not a jerk. He’s everything anyone could ask for, but-.”
“So if they’re not here we don’t have two perfectly aligned particles. The entanglement-.”
“I had a friend as a kid. We would fool around when we were teens. Arnie knew he was homosexual. I was just – you know – experimenting. We never did anything more than touching and kissing a little. But it scared the shit out of me, so I stopped. Arnie.” Steve stops. “Well, he knew.” He doesn’t elaborate on Arnie’s fate, but Tony sees that it upsets him, feels it through the tension in his muscles.
The rain splatters and hits with an icy chill. It mixes between rain and snow. It isn’t an everyday affair to have a rain snow mix this close to the Rocky’s. The air is usually so dry that on the cold days they just get snow. But today is one of those rarified autumn days teasing winter weather.  The rain pelts and, like daggers, it spears against their skin. Steve keeps his hat pulled down over his eyes, but Tony’s wearing a smaller hat, a fedora, without a wide brim. His face is marked with the frigid rains.
“Come on! Come on!” Tony cries. “While we have time!”
Steve nods and enters the bathroom. Tony closes the door and Steve finds his legs weak and wobbly. He collapses to the floor and hugs his arms around his mid-section. He needs to get a grip. Yet, none of his clients have so possessed him but at the same time set him free. There’s something sensual and broken about Tony that causes Steve to think of the impossible. But the prince is a client nothing more and this isn’t a fairy tale. But maybe, just maybe he can pretend for a few days to live the fairy tale.
“And the fact that our interface might degrade at any minute,” Steve hisses. It’s hard enough to keep his mind fixed on the reality of the surrounding virtual world. The idea that their interface might degrade and end the mission terrifies him. If Ultron gets anymore powerful, then the world may be thrown back into the Dark Ages. “The degradation, what does it mean?” Steve straightens and gets to his feet, ignoring the helping hand from Tony.
“But how do we find the transition?”
Sam sliced the ham and cheese sandwiches. “That was a time of world war, when the world was ending. Humans will do anything to secure their place in the world, even making deals with the devil.” He raised his hand to ward off Steve’s protest. “Not saying vamps are devils. It’s just that belief systems take a long time to change.”
“Shit, but I implanted the worm. I know I did. Otherwise you’d be out of the picture now.” Tony rubs his hand through his hair. “Fuck a duck.”
“Sometimes it gets cold in late Summer. Sometimes it doesn’t. Lots of times now, it doesn’t. It’s a shame with climate change and all,” Tony says as he folds up his cane. “Got that hot chocolate?”
For a second there’s no reaction at all, but then it ripples over the audience, rolling and thundering. People leap to their feet; the reporters scream questions and cameras shutter and click. It’s a kind of controlled chaos that feels more like a battle than a gala. Both Rhodes and Pepper burst into action, striding over to Tony at the podium as people begin to swarm close like a hive of angry hornets. Steve rushes toward the stage, shouldering past the crowds, knocking chairs over as he forces his way through the mass of people. Guards line the stage and try and push the throng back.
She listens and fevered memories of Steve working on his chest, trying to implant the arc reactor for the first time come unbidden to him. He starts to wonder if everything about Steve had been a twisted memory.
Tony scratches at the back of his neck. “Rest.”
In the afternoon, two weeks after he’d gotten home from the hospital and said good bye to both Natasha and Fury, Steve sat in his apartment with the dossier spread out before him and Sam sitting at his laptop reviewing the evidence.
When the room resolves around him again, he’s flat on his back and Frigga has a cool cloth on his forehead. “Steven? Ah, there you are. Quiet now. It’s a process and dear Tony is apparently not very patient. I told him to go take a walk.”
“No, of course not,” Steve says and slides his gaze to Pepper for a moment. It turns over in his gut; he knows it’s wrong to consider the father and son as one and he’s ashamed of his reaction. The fact remains though that he tastes bile in the back of his mouth and cannot trust himself.
