Probably.
It had all happened in less than two minutes.
His fingers traced the lines of Tony’s smile underneath the pencil, and for a moment, he wished he’d never left. Being with Tony, in whatever form, was good enough for him. And since Tony was going to be busy for the next few days, Steve might not see much more of him for a while after tonight- except rather than just take what he could get, he’d gone and stormed off in some pitiful sulk. Maybe that made him pathetic, but he could hardly even care.
And yet-
They’d attacked the helicarrier. A whole ship, jam-packed with trained agents and the Avengers. It had been destined to fail from the very beginning.
They’ve got each other.
“Whatever you say, Stark,” Steve rolled his eyes and felt Tony’s breath on his chest as he laughed. It was comforting, and after that they didn’t say much else, happy to drift off in one another’s space under the soft moonlight of Rural Ohio. Tony’s fingers trailed aimlessly up and down Steve’s arms, centring themselves on his hands after a while and linking them both together lazily. His eyes were closed, mostly asleep, but Steve watched the faded smile twitch on the other man’s mouth as his touch traced ever-so-softly across the base of Steve’s ring finger. He probably didn’t even know he was doing it.
Bucky needed Tony. Steve needed Tony too.
Of course- actually standing there and looking at the words which marked out his mom’s name; looking at the place she was buried, dead and gone and
Lust hit him faster and more brutally than a fucking freight train. He felt his fingers clench tightly around the edge of the desk and his heartrate just skyrocket- which really had to be unhealthy, but he didn't even care.
better. I want you. Don’t care if you’re a bit broken- so am I. It’s how we found each other.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “You’re supposed to say it back, sugarplum.”
With an imperceptible huff, Steve pushed some of the longer strands of Tony’s hair out from his eyes with his pinkie finger, tucking them behind his ear somewhat uselessly, seeing as Tony just shifted a second later and then dislodged them once again. Steve rolled his eyes- trust that boy to be stubborn, even in his sleep.
He felt the smiles directed his way, and the cheering started up a moment later, similar to what had happened last night. Someone wrapped a firm hand around his shoulder, and when he looked up, he saw Sam staring down at him like some sort of proud father. “Took you long enough, dude.”
“It was hardly my name,” Bruce rolled his eyes and leaned back on his chair, “more like a gargle that started with a ‘B’.”
In the tower, the world felt quieter. They didn’t meet any of the team while Steve fixed them up some sandwiches, but Tony felt himself be calmed by the fact that he knew they were present all the same, sleeping in the floors above and below him. It felt like protection from all sides.
“But it’s your birthday,” Tony said weakly, “don’t you want to… I don’t know, celebrate that?”
They didn’t say much as the show ran through. Steve just rested his head against Tony’s shoulder and allowed the simplicity of contact to ground him back to earth. Tony, for once, seemed content to do nothing at all- occasionally flicking through his phone every now and again, but using most of the time to gently run his hands through Steve’s hair or trace up and down his arms.
“HYDRA just moved their base of operations to within SHIELD itself,” Tony told him bluntly, “they’ve been incubating right in the heart of your precious little organisation; recruiting and indoctrinating, just waiting for the right moment. That right moment is coming soon, Steve. I know it is. And their factions are the ones that have been buying my weapons on the black market. That’s how I found them. Oh- and that stupid robot bastard that just trampled the coast of Santa Barbara earlier? That was them making yet another attempt to take me out. They’d been planning it for months. They knew I’d go out and try to stop whatever they did, and they hoped they’d be able to use it to kill me before I could get to the bottom of their web of fucking lies.”
He’d met him at a bar on the rougher side of New York, just over three years ago now. Leaning over the counter and asking for a drink with a slick smile on his face- he’d been gaunt and thin and desperate, Steve knew the type. Later on, he’d find out that that had been the night Tony had run from his abusive partner (an abusive partner that now lay somewhere at the bottom of the Hudson, last time Steve checked), but in that night, all Tony had been to Steve was a man too vulnerable for a place like that.
Math was first, and so Steve used that opportunity to have a nap- not because he didn’t care, but because he’d already asked Bruce about the subject they were studying the day before, and he’d explained it to him better than the teacher was ever going to be able to. Bruce was remarkably patient with him- with everyone, for that matter. Even though Tony said he had a very extreme temper if you managed to bring it out in him, Steve could hardly believe that at all. The boy seemed mellow to his very core. This was further proved during break, when he came to sit on their table for a few minutes and then ended getting his own salad thrown in his face by Clint (‘accidentally’, apparently). And what was most unusual is that, unlike the rest of the table would most certainly have done, Bruce didn’t even bother to hit him. Just sighed and then demanded Clint buy him a new meal, which, begrudgingly, the boy did. He didn’t even complain when Clint ended up buying him a burger cooked in peanut oil, which was what he was allergic to.
He thought about it a lot during that biology class, actually. How, if he were to go on a date with Tony Stark (for
So rather than look at Tony’s face, he rocked awkwardly on his heels and then looked around the room, at all the kids slowly making their way out of the cafeteria. Something hit him in the back of the head, and he turned around to spot Clint raising his eyebrows at Steve and Tony’s close proximity and then making a bunch of rude gestures in response. Steve flipped him off instinctively at the same time Natasha smacked him over the back of his head.
ready, but they just kept missing their shot. It was difficult to get an empty house, difficult to find the time, and it definitely seemed like Steve was waiting for Tony to make the first move for whatever reason, so it was also a question of Tony trying to get up the courage to take that step. Which was admittedly a little easier said than done. Although Tony had often been propositioned at various events and shows for StarkIndustries, he’d always ended up saying no, and it wasn’t like you got much action when you were homeschooled, so he’d never actually had sex with anyone before. But he knew that Steve had, and that it’d been with a variety of Unhumans who had various…
The boy landed clumsily, hand reaching for Steve’s shoulder to balance himself. “I hate Thor, actually,” Tony leaned down and told him, whilst Steve just attempted not to shiver at Tony’s hand so near his neck, “he’s the worst out of all of them, he’s only here to toss me around like his own personal ragd-“
God, that
Steve hummed, his hand going to the door. “That’s nifty.” He yanked the passenger door open, looking blankly at the seat for a few moments.
Steve returned the smile. “Thank you for apologizing.”
Tony smiled tightly at Ty as he passed, and then when Sunset curled her arm around Tony’s and jerked her head, Steve just watched Tony hesitate for a moment and then lett her lead him off with the rest of them. He looked back at Steve as he went, a slightly nervous smile on his face as he mouthed ‘sorry’ and then shook his head. “I’ll see you later Steve, yeah?”
His Pops sighed again, and kissed the top of his head. “Your Dad drives me up the wall. And I do the same to him. Like I said, he’s so different to me in so many ways, it’s bound to come out sometimes. And when we have jobs like the ones we do-” Steve paused, and it looked like it pained him to say it. “I will sometimes make mistakes. Do things I shouldn’t do and put myself in danger when it could be avoided. And your Dad will do stupid stuff too, that makes me angry at him. Very angry. Angry enough to have us both refusing to speak to one another and acting like we’re in fourth grade again.”
we can use in this building that’ll take us to Park Avenue as quickly as possible?”
Thor saw him as he began moving through the room. “Thank God,” he said with a choked-off noise in the back of his throat, turning back to the couch and smiling, “hey Tony, Steve’s here now.”
did he show you, Steve,” Tony hissed.
Steve laughs, and it still sounds too sad for Tony, which is his own fault this time- he’s going to have to add the word
“We’re not staying long,” Rhodey said with a small shake of his head, “just stopping by, making a few things clear, you know.”
villains, trying to attack the damn SHIELD helicarrier. Do they want to die? Really? Is that their plan here? Death? Jesus Fucking chr-”
He turned back to the TV and swallowed back the desire that had gathered in the centre of his chest. He didn’t know what to do with it- didn’t know where to even start. This was terrifyingly new territory.
Goddamn it.
Another pause. “I… yeah. They do. Seem to think I’m one of Peter Pan’s fucking Lost Boys by the way they attempt to mother-hen me, though,” Tony grumbled mutinously through the line, and Steve laughed reflexively, but he couldn’t help agree a little with Tony’s friends’ judgment. What with Tony’s track record, Steve thought the title was pretty fitting.
And then Tony Stark, Iron Man, so-called fucking superhero, turned and pretty much ran from the God Damned building.
Quite possibly the most childish thing he’d ever done, yeah- but damned satisfying.
“Does it bother you?” Tony’s voice was firm up until the next part, when it started to waver just a tad. “Does it—freak you out, that that’s the sort of person you’re in a relationship with?”
"I vote Tony and Steve," Clint said, and Steve shot him a mutinous glare, "two superheroes are better than one, and their room is probably, like, homely, yeah? Nice happy family and stuff."
“It’s not our call to make. Tony made me swear not to take him unless he explicitly said so. I can’t… I can’t just—”
Surprisingly, too, if he was being honest. He didn’t think someone could hurt that much and walk away alive.
He sighed and looked to Steve. “Your turn to change his diaper,” he said with a poke against Steve’s ribs, “and you’re not allowed to run away this time. Man up and wipe his butt like everyone else.”
Bruce and Natasha glanced at each other. “Specially designed crackers?” Natasha mouthed to the other man, who just shook his head in confusion and turned to Tony, asking, “the edible kind or the Christmas kind?”
That was Tony. Tony was calling him. He had to get to him. This couldn’t happen.
Once the ice had melted and Tony had managed to rationalise the situation a little better in his head, Steve took his hand and led Tony back to the bedroom where they fucked, Steve keeping it soft and gentle like it was an apology. Still, though, Tony couldn’t say he was feeling particularly into it. But he didn’t really want to say no- especially not when he was in such a vulnerable position. Steve didn’t really
“No,” Steve said, and Tony stopped, eyeing him with a glare. “Tony, you have got to rest. You haven’t slept in days.”
Quiet, faded in the wind that was blowing around him, but definitely present in the air. It was a noise Steve’s ears had been honed to noticing, and as soon as it processed in his brain, his walk turned to a run, body twisting as he changed course and charged through the snow in the direction the noise had come from.
Luckily, the problem was solved for him. As he stood there and pondered, there was a staticky noise for a second, and then suddenly he heard the sound of a mechanism clicking. That must have been Tony, from wherever he was in the building.
That ring was
He was uncomfortable.
“Anyone? Come on, guys, this is just the basic trig, you were doing these in preschool- someone put your hand up and answer! Steve, what about you? Can you tell us?”
“Suit yourself,” he said, turning away toward the coffee machine.
“I’m gonna guess that that’s an above-average strength for a baby,” Steve finished, before waving vaguely upward, “Bruce checked with JARVIS about the velocity and force and stuff. Definitely not normal for children his age.”
.” He stood jerkily, looking away and turning to the door. “We could—I could go to the police, tell them, or maybe I could go back myself, see what I can—”
“No, Steve, no, this was on me, God, you were grieving and I—”
“God, sweetheart, I missed you too,” Steve breathed with a wet smile, reaching out to brush the tears off Tony’s cheeks. He hovered close, keeping Tony’s hands near to his chest as he leaned down and placed another kiss over Tony’s forehead, their eyelashes brushing as he pulled away. “We’re gonna… we’ll get through this. We will. I have to go for a few days, okay, we’re gonna… we’re gonna track down Thanos, Bruce probably told you, right?”
That threw Steve for a loop. “I thought Nat was rich,” he said dumbly, thinking back to her well-furnished apartment and all the nice clothes she wore.
“Stark’s helped me out of a few tricky situations before,” Steve heard Loki say quietly, and turned his head to look at the other boy. His jaw was tight, eyes glassy. “Sometimes, when I was… when I didn’t want to get Thor involved, but I needed to be picked up… Tony would always come. And he’d never mention it later. Probably to save Thor’s feelings as opposed to mine, but still.” He glanced at Steve. “And, I mean, more than once he’s been around to stop me from doing dumb shit. Again, more for Thor’s benefit—”
“Okay,” he’d said, cracked down the middle, “if that’s what you want.”
Still. Some things weren’t making sense.
Curious fingers reached up and brushed lightly across the casing in front of him, which, in hindsight, was probably not the wisest decision. He hadn’t considered the fact that they may have implemented some defence protocols before abandoning it to Captain America and the SHIELD team, and so as soon as his skin touched down against the metal, he felt the reaction occur instantly. Agonising pain lanced up his body in a rapid-fire motion, his muscles spasming against their will as thousands of volts of electricity coursed through his body and sent him flying across the room. He felt the prickle up and down his skin as he flew through the air, the unfortunately familiar sensation of a dozen little needles stabbing into each section of skin, but a second or so later the pain drifted just out of his reach, and as his body slammed up against the wall on the other side of the room, he felt himself slip into a state of half-unconsciousness. The floor was cold where he fell, and his body jerked and twitched uselessly, small gasps choking their way up his throat. He knew if it had been any normal man, a current of that intensity would have killed them immediately.
“I’m not intending on coming back here,” Steve informed her simply. He wished she could have just waited another few minutes before letting her curiosity get the better of her and coming down to investigate. He didn’t want to waste any more time.
Tony did. He crawled like his life depended on it, unable to stop the excited giggles from his own mouth as Clint followed, hot on their tail. Steve was yelling at him to move, and Tony had never thought there would be a point in his life when he’d be annoyed by Steve’s hands on his ass, but here they were.
“I don’t need to hold onto the hope that I can find him any more, Tony,” he whispered, shaking his head. It hurt to say. It would probably always hurt. But he had to move on. He had to. “Bucky… was my best friend. And he died. And I wanted to cling on, because I had nothing else. But this is a wild goose chase, Tony, you know that. I think you probably did from the very start, so thanks for humouring me I guess.” Tony chuckled lightly, a little wet, and Steve pushed on. “So I want to turn off the searches that we haven’t checked in two months anyway. I want to let him rest. Can we?”
“I- you too, yeah,” he choked, clutching his hand back into his chest as she finally released him and smiled, shuffling across the bench in order to make room for him to sit.
Tony laughed again, and his hand slipped from Steve’s forearm to hand as he pulled them through into the studio, “how sweet. I could say the same thing about you, art-boy,” Tony’s gaze flicked down to Steve’s chest before coming up again, “and I expect to see all those drawings of me at some point, too. Just saying.”
-Only to be jolted awake again a second later with an uncomfortable slam against his chest, gasping for glorious oxygen as his heart suddenly kicked into gear. With a wild panic, his hand flew up to his chest to check for empty space, but instead his fingers met with someone else’s. Following the hands to wrist to arm to shoulder, he eventually came back to Steve’s face, pale and shaken and staring at Tony in a mixture of panic and relief. He must have put it back in.
Which reminded him- he should probably take his eyes off him.
‘we’ll lose’
He swallowed. Suddenly, that needle seemed a hell of a lot more scary.
He was about to argue- but then he thought about his track record; of Bucky and Peggy and every other person he’d been told to stay away from- and promptly shut his mouth with a clack, choosing to sigh irritably instead.
In that moment, Steve knew without a shadow of the doubt that he wanted Stone dead. And Steve was going to fucking kill him himself. Nothing else mattered. No other thought or doubt even flickered into his head. He saw that guy, stood on the other side of the corridor, and he saw red. The anger, the rage that he’d been keeping down, it bubbled over, straight off the precipice and rocketing out of him like a tangible wave.
“Shut up man, Bruce Willis is about to fall down the vents and die!” Sam threw a pillow his way, hitting Tony in the face and then turning back to the screen. Steve just rolled his eyes, taking the pillow from Tony and then hurling it back at Sam before flopping back down on his spot on the couch. When Tony looked around slightly bewilderedly, Steve just tugged on his wrist and pulled him right down next to him.
“It’s not me who’s not… into it,” Steve explained, looking down at his hands awkwardly.
“And I don’t care what you think, or what anyone thinks, ‘cause I know you’re a good person-“ Steve dodged the pillow Tony chucked at him and then surged forward, grabbing Tony’s hands and pulling them away from his ears, “-and I’m gonna tell you every day, just to annoy you, because
Despite everything, Steve smiled a bit- following Tony’s lead as they started walking back down the path again. He was glad for the presence of Tony just then- the warmth in his hand felt good. It felt comforting.
“I don’t have a jacket,” Rhodey said, because ever since Bruce had laid his own coat over Tony, they’re been rotating the two that they had left between the three of them. “I’ll get hypothermia out there.”
Down the line, Tony made a humming sound. Steve thought he was smiling. “yeah, I know what you mean, Steve,” he responded, voice soft.
They didn’t.
Someone rang the doorbell.
The trip down was fun; filled with loud rock music and junk food and their most valiant attempts at dancing while held down by seatbelts. Tony had thrown on some baggy jeans and one of Steve’s tshirts that was two sizes too big for him, and he looked comfortable in a way that Steve hadn’t seen in days and days. The man had been living in suits recently, and as beautiful as they were on him, they can’t have been comfortable. And Steve loved his casual looks just as much as his fancy ones, so there was really no one losing out.
Thor pulled a face and looked up at Steve, who just shrugged. “Sorry,
Tony, for a moment, contemplated his life. But then he decided to just fuck it, and turned over on the couch, lying down across the whole length of it with his stomach facing the floor and his ass right by Steve’s face. “Go nuts, babe,” he said with a wave of his hand, “long as no pants are removed, I’m good.”
He felt something fall on his lap and start shuffling around, and he glanced down to see Steve’s hand searching through the covers. “What are you doing?”
think you can do.”
“Didn’t
Yeah, so he’d had a feeling beforehand, but there was no way to deny the response that statement had on Tony. He stumbled where he was stood, turning back to Steve with wide eyes and then promptly choking on air a second later.
, obviously, but… I’m just confused, that’s all.” He shrugged in defeat, looking over to his friends with a weary smile and then chucking a pillow at Clint. “Also, if you imply my boyfriend is a slut again I’m gonna kick your ass, Barton.”
Steve checked his watch, fighting back the shivers as the droplets of ice water seeped through onto his skin. He still had another 35 minutes until the bus came, and he was fucking freezing.
That’s when Tony’s face seemed to drop a little. “Well… it’s not easy is it? I- I don’t want to unless it’s a last option. And I’m not… right now, I don’t have a lot of prospects, so getting a job would be hard, and, well, y’know-“ Tony shrugged, before looking down and tugging at his ear. “I’m scared,” he mumbled.
Immediately, the smile slipped off Tony’s face and a hand went automatically to his cheek. The look in his eyes was blank. “You should see the other guy,” he muttered, although  it sounded like he was just running the words on autopilot.
He shut his eyes, trying to compose himself a little. He’d already known—whether Tony blamed him or not, the crux of the matter was that Steve had caused this. Steve had catalysed all these events.
“He just…took you home.”
Anyway. Like he’d said, seeing as Bruce had gone through the concepts with him earlier, Steve had no need to even attempt to keep his concentration up during the lesson, and happily doodled the faces of his friends in his sketchbook. He felt like his drawings had been improving recently, which was really nice. He missed being able to draw freely and not worry about the quality of it. He wanted to go buy a canvas at some point, and maybe try a proper painting, just to test things out and see whether he still had the knack. He’d done a lot of that, before his mom had died. Maybe he could pick it back up again.
“I’ll stay,” he breathed in the end, “if you’re sure that’s what you want.”
“Bye?” Bucky started, before realization dawned and he looked sullen. “But I wanna w-“
“So,” Tony cleared his throat and attempted to act like there was anything vaguely normal about this situation, “you’re telling me Steve was hit with a… pheromone, of sorts. Which has given him… pack instincts?”
“Hmm?” Steve hummed in question. He could feel Tony’s fingers playing absently with his own, and he squeezed fondly.
He dropped his pen. Opened his mouth in shock.
Then Steve stops, slowly and with a shaking breath, and that was it. Tony had really ruined it now.
,” Tony said harshly, jaw clenching, “not now, Steve, please, just go back to class, I’m meeting my friends, I don’t have time to hear about how you conveniently forgot to mention your angry boyfriend waiting back home for you while you were with me- and I don’t care either.”
Or maybe they wouldn’t have to. Because with a choking sound and a jerk, Steve’s body finally moved of its own accord, chest heaving as he
. And Steve was… Steve.
He gasped, lungs failing to do their job effectively enough as he struggled to find air- but Steve was still there, rubbing his shoulders and gently coaxing the life back into his body, bit by painful bit, each second broken by the sound of steve’s voice, explaining his day so far and somehow making it into a great adventure, when Tony knew it was really quite dull.
Fury took one look at him, and the expression on his face, and he sighed deeply. “I think you and I need to have a talk,” he said, and then gestured for Steve to follow him back down the hall, away from Tony, away from all of it.
Tony cocked his head at the man in front of him. “Johnny Storm isn’t going to be happy when he finds out he’s got a knockoff version of himself running around New York,” he declared as he lifted his repulsors and fired.
He hadn’t done much else other than think and stare at the wall while people had come into his cell and asked him questions, taken samples and monitored his brain for changes. Bruce had told him that the transmission had been severed after the ‘Cognitive Recallibration’ Thor had given him with his hammer, but they needed to make sure. For Tony’s sake. So Steve stayed put, didn’t even move off his bed, and let himself go over everything that he had done over the past few months.
Quickly kissing Tony goodbye, he slipped out of his seat and then made his way through the cafeteria and down the corridors full of milling students, waving to Sharon as she passed him by and then stopping off at his locker in order to grab some more pencils that he’d left there earlier last week. His mind wandered easily; thinking about Christmas, about the wonky set of bangs Natasha had cut for herself last night, and about what he thought he was gonna be having for dinner later that evening when he got back home.
Steve wasn’t much better, though- Tony was very close, and Steve was only human.
Steve jerked to a stop, taking a deep breath. He’d already got a warning that very day for fighting- he wasn’t going to start again. So instead he just turned around and glared at them as they raised their eyebrows at him. He couldn’t put a name to either of them- they weren’t relevant to him in any way- but if he were to guess, it would probably be something like Troy. Or Chad. Or Jace. Or perhaps an obscure one, like Twist or some shit-
“Try me.” Tony’s eyebrow lifted, the ghost of amusement shadowing his face. “I’ve undoubtedly heard weirder stories at this point.”
he wouldn’t, not again. Not ever again. And yet he’d looked Tony in the eyes in that god forsaken HYDRA cell and he’d broken that promise. Whether he’d succeeded in what he’d been aiming for at the time (something he didn’t even want to fucking think about) was irrelevant—the fact was that Tony put his life in Steve’s hands every time they fucking touched and Steve had let him down. Again. Why Tony was still here at all, after everything, was beyond Steve. He sure as hell didn’t deserve it.
“Give me that ring you were talkin’ about and I’ll forgive you.”
“Is it because you felt sorry for me?” Steve asked quietly, “because you knew- you knew early on, you said it yourself. You could tell I wasn’t okay. Is that why?”
“Huh?”
Steve pondered the question for a moment. “Just... stuff, I guess. Peggy took me shopping the other day, that was fun. Oh, and I’ve started- I’m drawing again,” he said in the end, and then watched as genuine surprise flitted over her face for a second. She nodded, writing something down hurriedly on her notepad and then smiling across to him.
“You do realize you’re going to have to do some major construction work in regards to sorting out your behavior at school right now, you know? No more smoking in the bathrooms or getting detentions every night, Stark. They don't like that in the Ivy Leagues,” Steve informed him primly, hand digging into the pocket of Tony's jacket and then tugging out his packet of cigarettes before Tony even had the chance to look down. He waved them in the air, keeping them just out of reach as Tony made an unimpressed noise in the back of his throat and then reached out for them. Eventually, because Tony was pretty much double his fucking size, he just sat up with Steve still leaning against his chest and then grabbed his arms, yanking them back and snatching his cigarettes back. Steve tutted and shook his head. "Those things'll kill you, you know," he informed with a nod toward the cigarette Tony was now twirling absently through his fingers.
“Sir, if the Captain really has done this much damage, then there is a chance that something has happened which prevents him from even knowing the difference between you and HYDRA—”
Steve stumbled forward, and he still had to get popcorn, yes, but he felt that was not a priority at that moment as he reached for Tony’s arm. “Simple misunderstanding, Tony. It’s fine.” He looked around the room, before nodding over the TV. “Now who the fuck paused Die Hard? Turn it back on and drink your mead, guys.”
“Steve, stop it, I thought we needed to h-h-hurry!” Tony wheezed, as Steve dug into his ribs and tickled, mouth moving across Tony’s face and strategically, covering every area he could find.
(A beautiful idiot, though.)
They both huffed in amusement, Steve getting to his feet and then pulling Tony up with him. Peter made another little noise, but aside from pawing uncoordinatedly at his face for a few seconds, he remained pliant and asleep in Tony’s arms. Natasha wandered forward and then leaned down, kissing the little boy’s forehead lightly as she passed. Tony knew that she had a soft spot for the boy too-- then again, pretty much all of them did, by this point. It had been a week, which objectively wasn’t long, but… for some reason, it felt like it was. It felt like Peter had already grown since Tony’s first picked him up.
Natasha found him and brought him back home. She and Bruce took him into the bathroom and removed the bloodstained clothes off his back, washed the red from his skin. They were crying. Steve didn’t think he could remember how to cry, so he didn’t.
If someone had done to him what that asshole had done to Tony… Jesus, he wasn’t sure how he would have reacted. Something that would probably result in a visit to the police station, maybe.
Thor patted his shoulder and then gestured to a chair. “Would you like to sit down?” He asked softly.
“-You didn’t see yourself lying on the floor of my workshop,” he snapped, “two more minutes of heart failure and you would have suffered permanent brain damage. If I hadn’t hit you with the reactor, you would have
But there was a jacket in his laundry basket covered in Tony’s blood. His DNA was under Steve’s fingernails, from where his hands had pressed hopelessly into the hole in his lover’s head. He couldn’t look down at them, because it would make him vomit. Nothing else mattered except those facts; the simple things that made up a bleak, dark picture of what life was going to become for him. Nauseating. Horrific. Susan Storm could be terrified of him, and she could try and kill him if she wished, and Steve wouldn’t care, because this whole world was wrong now, and so Steve needed to set it right, using whatever force necessary. At some point during sitting in the bathroom and walking out of the door of the tower, he had irreversibly made up his mind. He would not stop now.
“God, it’s been too long, my love,” Tony breathed out, smoke blowing from his parted lips and whipping into the wind around them, lost almost immediately. Steve was caught in the action for a while, eyes wide and mouth a little dry. He wished he’d seen that sight sooner- although, then again, it may have made things an awful lot more uncomfortable, especially if they’d been in public.
The process of going through someone else’s phone with a fine-tooth comb was exhausting and kind of uncomfortable. The woman, who Tony found out had been called Doctor Amelia Lewinsky, seemed to use the phone for both personal and work reasons. There were a few photos in her gallery of selfies she’d taken, views she’d thought were pretty. It was weird, Tony thought—like rifling through a box of memories owned by a ghost. Nevertheless, he persisted onward, searching every detail of the device in order to try and get his hands on something useful. And luckily it wasn’t too long before his work bore the fruits of success. A link in a (badly) encrypted email, leading to a download of a single ZIP file. “Throw it up on the big screen, J,” he said absently, waving a hand and watching the information appear up on his holographic interface. Once opened, that was where he hit jackpot. There were reams and reams of data; videos and statements and audio recordings, all filed under ‘Project SUHU’. Tony leaned in close to the screen. He could spend the whole night going through this and still not get even half-way through. Luckily, however, there was a rather handy place for him to start. One file was titled ‘Vidlog: SUHU R&D’. Tony figured that was a good way to get an overview.
It said something about the both of them that Steve genuinely couldn’t tell the difference, sometimes.
“What a shame,” Tony leaned in again, their noses brushing, and Steve could see the smile-lines around his eyes, “I’m gonna have to wake up with you every single day for the rest of my life. Can’t believe I’m so unlucky.”
Tony whimpered and pawed at his eyes with the heel of his palm, cheek still smushed into Steve’s chest. “Don’ wanna. ‘S’too early,”
. He straightened his back and adjusted his tie, taking a step forward before pulling back and twisting around, opening the door to their room once more and sticking his head around it. Steve looked up from the bed. “Forgot something?”
He paused for a moment, frowning a little and rubbing his eyes as he looked at the crappy car Bucky appeared to be sat in with his feet propped up comfortably on the dash. That didn’t make any particular amount of sense to him, considering Bucky neither lived here nor owned a car and yet… here it was.
his mum’s voice rang in his ears, calm and relaxed and casual and beautiful, and Steve felt the air leave his lungs in one brutal, fell swoop.
Steve had realised, in those moments when he’d rushed through the hospital in a frantic search for Tony’s room, nearly beside himself with panic and fear and goddamned delirious
She raised an eyebrow and shrugged. He just looked at it for a second, before putting the details to memory and then nodding, shooting her a thumbs up. She smiled back at him before her attention was turned back to the teacher who had been trying and failing to get her attention for the last thirty seconds.
“I’m fine,” Steve smacked his hands away with a fond roll of his eyes, “seriously, this is nothing. Should’a seen me back in Brooklyn- coming home black and blue every other day.”
Steve just huffed, letting his fingers play across Tony’s midsection. His back rested against Steve’s chest, their legs tangled together in front of them while JARVIS played something innocuous on the TV. “Shows I was right earlier though,” Steve added quietly, “you
“Um, guys? What’s going on?”
He’s my fucking husband, so I’m going to call him whatever I please for as long as it pleases me-”
Tony fucking hated it.
Steve swallowed. “How can you be sure?”
“Track my…” Steve repeated the words in confusion, “can you even do that?”
his head hurt.
“Yeah?”
, he wanted to ask as he watched Tony approach him with a furrowed brow and an extended hand,
His hand grabbed Tony’s arm and held him in place, stopping the pacing around the room. It wasn’t a strong grip, but Tony stopped moving completely, his eyes turning down to the fingers on his arm. He opened his mouth a little.
He knew that other people did. That they idolised him for it; Captain America, the man that not even time could take. And to some extent, they had a point. It seemed whatever Steve did, he bounced back from it with practised ease, walked it off, got back to his feet again with a nod and a tight smile. Reporters would ask him about the injuries he’d sustained, and he’d just shrug and tell them it was simply all part of the job. Everyone admired him for that. Tony heard people say there was Vibranium in his bones, that project rebirth had made him immortal as opposed to enhanced.
“Obviously,” Steve ground out from the floor, curling a little further in on himself.
Steve proposed to him on the 17
“What the fuck happened, man?” Clint asked, leaning forward with concerned eyes, “Sam said you had to go over to Thor’s at midnight? How bad was it?”
Tony paused, blinking slowly. “Uhh,” he began, “the Gala?” Admittedly, he was quite drunk, but not
Steve could be dead right now and Tony was just fucking ignoring him.
“Steve?” She said his name and he blinked, looking up at her. He was so tired. “Are you going to see Tony?”
Steve pulled a conflicted face, and for a moment Tony wondered whether he was going to bolt- but then his fingers settled, soft and delicate against Peter’s skull as he rubbed the baby’s hair. “Am—is this right?” Steve asked.
It was time they sorted this. It had reached the limit, and none of the team could handle it any more.
“Then… well, you know what happened,” Tony finally looked away from the spot on the wall, only to move it down to his lap. “And- and it all sort of went downhill from there, really. I… I lost it. Howard pulled me over at the funeral and told me that I was the one the media were going to be focusing on next, so I needed to live up to the Stark name and do well at MIT. I promptly got myself kicked the fuck out.” He jerked a little, then used his free hand to pull back the hairs behind his ear. Steve looked up curiously, heart steadily sinking at the sight of the lightning-cracked scars that were running just above the hairline, faded with age, but still visible. “That’s the product of
He huffed a little, turning his head behind him and wondering briefly if Heather was still there with Tony. Whether they were still talking together, or she’d given up and walked away. He hoped for the latter.
Pushing back experimentally, Steve traced the lines of Tony’s lip with his tongue and leaned onto his tiptoes, head tilting to the side as he stepped as far into Tony’s space as he could manage. It pulled a soft moan from the back of Tony’s throat, which of course just made everything more frantic and heated in Steve’s quickly-deteriorating thought process. He couldn’t stop his hands sweeping across Tony’s shoulders, his back, curling around his hips and taking in as much of him as he could manage as Tony breathed in sharply and then pushed again, until the back of Steve’s legs hit the desk with a sharp thud.
“It’s my word too,” Sam said, his voice much calmer than Steve’s as he looked the Principal in the eye. “You know me, Sir. I’m a good student. I’m being considered for the High Flyers Program. I wouldn’t get in a fight unless I thought it was absolutely justified.”
Steve’s hair was really soft. It would be enough to tempt even the most selfless of men.
“You can come in, you know,” Steve said, making an awkward gesture with his hand.
“Can’t,” Steve interrupted. “Too many dreams. It’s fine. I’d rather be… not.”
He watched with a sigh as Tony turned back around and wandered off with his other friends, until he felt Thor pat him on the shoulder. Turning his head, he noted the other boy looking in the direction all the others had left off in too.
Tony looked up at him, breathless, stroking across the bruises on his face with delicate fingers. “I won’t let them hurt you,” he breathed, shaking his head, “I promise, I’ll keep you safe.”
He wasn’t sure how much time had passed when Steve came in later, but he knew it was probably sometime in the early morning. He dropped what he was doing and turned in his chair, face falling when he took in Steve’s expression. He looked annoyed.
“Yeah,” Bruce looked like he was about to laugh again, “basically.”
A Goddamn car. He’d gone and bought a goddamn car, just so he could go see Steve.
Both Clint and Sam raised their hands in submission. “Yeah, man, totally,” Clint hurried to assure him, “like, good for you, waiting ‘til you’re ready and stuff, that’s absolutely-“
“Tony,” he began, “we can’t just
Eventually, after another ten seconds or so, Steve did.
Steve had felt big, standing up in that skyscraper with Bucky. But he’d never felt smaller in that moment- watching the sun turn everything gold, looking at the huge concrete jungle and seeing how tiny and childlike it seemed now. This was… stunning.
“Please don’t say things like that, Tony,” Steve cut in quietly, pursing his lips tight and trying to keep himself steady, “please don’t- don’t ever try and push me away because you think I deserve better or something, okay? I don’t
“No,” Steve responded, “no, I don’t think I was. Lost them a few hours back. Can I—I can come in?”
Tony just didn’t want to suck at it in comparison, basically. That would… well. It would suck.
But it had all moved on so quickly. Steve had worked everything out eventually and ended up genuinely doting on the boy, and Tony had too, and it’d all started to feel so terrifyingly
And maybe what was worse than all that was the fact that Steve…
“I lost the kid,” Tony wheezed, looking at him and holding on tight to Steve’s elbow. Tony wasn’t just thin… Tony was emaciated, eyes sunken, cheekbones horribly visible. “Steve, I lost him, I—I lost—”
Anonymous asked:
And so began his mission.
“Since when did you know all about me?” He asked quietly, shoulders jumping a little.
There was a short silence on the other end, and Steve was about to move the conversation on to some more comfortable territory before Tony spoke back up again. “Right,” he said, “okay. Well, if it helps, I brought back some complimentary cookies that I pilfered from the lecture-hall snack bar. They might be a bit fluffy, ‘cuz I had to put them in my pocket, but I know you like chocolate chip so I thought you’d appreciate it.”
Steve rolled his eyes and laughed, taking Tony’s hands and hauling him up from the wicker chair with a quick peck to his lips. “Come on,” he said with a grin, “I’ll race you.”
“Mmm, oh,
Tony bristled. That was
to me?
So the rest of these chapters are going to start off with the prompt I was given and then the response I wrote. Hopefully they'll make sense.
, TONY, JESUS FUCKING CHRIST!”
“Mr. Wilson is currently on his way to collect you,” Fury told him in the end, looking back down at the files in front of him, “Banner, your social worker will be the one in charge of collecting you.”
“Don’t you see it? Tony, this is pretty hard to miss-”
Tony sighed, taking Steve’s hand from his face and then kissing his fingers before letting go. “No promises,” he muttered, before looking up at Steve. “Stay safe. I love you too.”
She sighed a bit, but her smile was genuine when she turned to him. “He’s better when he’s with you, you know.”
,” Steve lied vehemently through his teeth, stumbling forward and reaching out, only to have Tony leap away before they could connect, “Tony, they’re not, please, look at me. Look at my wings. They’re fine. Healthy. I’m-”
“A star,” Tony repeated, “I can buy you one. We can name it whatever you want. And then for the rest of history, that’ll be yours.”
Tony snuggled down further, eyes shutting as he stifled a yawn. “No.”
Steve looked at them warily. He could feel his guard coming up automatically, but he tried to tamp down on the urge to get defensive. Rhodey was Tony’s best friend, and he’d heard the name Pepper get thrown around a few times too. They obviously had good intentions.
“Don’t frown at me,” Tony huffed out a laugh and flicked gently at the crease that had formed in Steve’s brow, “I was being super nice then and everything-“
But not this time. Probably not ever again.
Tony swallowed, looking up at Steve and his soft, hopeful face. He was too tired to argue this further. If Steve wanted it, whatever. Tony supposed it was the least he could do. And he didn’t particularly fancy making Steve any angrier tonight.
But Tony simply snorted, pushing out from underneath the base of the machine and staring at Steve with his grease-stained face. “It absolutely does not,” he said derisively, “it looks like a bucket of bolts I threw together half asleep, which, okay maybe I did- but that’s not the point. I’m totally going to slicken this baby up soon. This is just a prototype, and right now it’s leaking all sorts of stuff. Gamma, x-rays, electricity. Don’t touch those poles by the way-” Tony gestured to the large staffs that were surrounding the entirety of the chamber, and Steve eyes them up warily, “they’re running live to stabilize the machine. I’d really rather you didn’t electrocute yourself for a second time.”
His lack of concentration was paid for, however, when he missed a move from the Pyro and ended up in a molten-hot chokehold. Tony’s eyes bulged and he felt the heat instantly, his temperature gauge rocketing. As far as enforcements went, the neck-plates weren’t that thick in order to ensure maximum dexterity. They were enough to stop a regular man, or even an abnormally strong man from being able to constrict him, but they weren’t so great at holding up against the immense temperatures being inflicted upon them.
Steve laughed. “And you think so quietly I can’t ever decide what’s going on.”
“You’re only saying that because you’re too dense to see beyond that tiny box your mind is thinking in!” The boy- Reed- yelled back, watching Tony with folded arms as he started scribbling out yet another formula over the board, wiping off one of Reed’s as he did so and then ducking from the angry swipe he got in response. “You are far too cynical, Stark, and your view of the world is entirely human-centric, you believe that everything we think is already correct-“
Oh, fuck, that just made Tony look even
They did this sort of thing a lot, these days. Just… allowed themselves to exist around one another. Like he did with his friends, Steve felt comfortable enough around Tony to be able to do
“I love you,” Steve says- and then Tony takes his ‘doesn’t understand’ and multiplies it by ten.
“I’m… fuck, I need to go apologize- what the hell’s
“Fuck you both!” Steve called angrily, rubbing his fingers over his eyelids and telling himself that now was very much not the appropriate time for popcorn. Now was the time for work. And math. Yes.
“You’re not fucking invincible, Steve,” Tony told him, fingers flexing against Steve’s heart worriedly, “you always- you always talk about yourself like you’re just this… this piece of meat that can take as many beatings as you throw at it, but you’re
Tony froze, looking at Steve like a rabbit caught in the headlights. His mouth fell open a little, before shutting again immediately after in order for him to swallow. He didn’t say anything.
“I think this is just simple fear for my safety more than anything, Buck,” Steve dropped the piece of plastic and then flexed his fingers in mild disgust. He was certain things weren’t supposed to be that sticky.
HE RUNS OFF, PLEASE!”
“They’re not high, they’re average- it’s just that boys are consistently disappointing me,” Peggy said haughtily, then bumped fists with Natasha as she raised her hand in silent support.
They hadn’t even given him a
“Do you know what I hate more than anything else in the entire fucking universe?” Steve snarled, holding his ground on the other side of the road, “it’s people who try and decide what’s best for me. ‘Cause I’m small, and I’m weak, and big bad Bucky’s gotta know better than I do about everything, doesn’t he? Well
DUM-E beeped curiously at him as he threw himself angrily onto his desk chair and switched on his computer. At one point, he’d tried taking the stuff out of the trash, and Tony had had to yell at him. He’d apologised a few seconds later, but now DUM-E seemed to be rolling around the room a little more cautiously. Tony knew he was going to have to give the bot a good oiling before he stopped being sulky.
“JARVIS!” Steve yelled as he watched the robot’s fist clench, crushing the metal of the wing like it was tissue paper, “JARVIS, do we have any—”
“I…” Steve stumbled, trying to think of what to say to try and fix this, to try and not be such a stupid fucking idiot, “I’m really sorry, I forgot completely-”
Twisting away, he jumped down the stairs quickly, readjusting his bag. He passed a couple of kids in his class along the way; felt their eyes on him curiously, but just blanked it out. It was only when he heard a snigger and then felt the all too familiar yank on his back that let him know those stares were more than just curiosity- they were calculating.
He wasn’t sure why he reacted so anticlimactically to whatever terrors woke him from sleep, but he always had, his whole life. They never forced him awake- never ripped screams from his throat or caused him to shake. He simply lay, ‘stiff as a board’ as Tony put it, until eventually the nightmare was either bad enough to jerk him out of unconsciousness, or it merely passed by and disappeared into haze of memories and dreamscape. In every sense of the word, Steve was trapped within the confines of his own head until the nightmare decided to let him go.
But Tony’s brain was fast; it was his goddamn curse sometimes, but it meant he could connect dots pretty quickly, and in the space of a few seconds he was meticulously breaking down all the events over the past few weeks, working out the source, finding the root of the problem in the same space of time as it would take a person to click their fingers.
“Hawkeye, do we have a pinpoint on the main testing facility?” He barked out quietly as he crept around the second corner and then spotted a gaggle of lanky scientists quietly try and vacate the premises through a not-so-hidden corridor. They’d be rounded up by SHIELD retrieval as soon as they reached the perimeter, so they were very much not Steve’s problem. What they had been working on, however, most certainly was.
He glanced at the clock on the bedside table as he quietly padded back on to his side of the bed. 8:22. Not the earliest that Steve could be waking his partner up, really. And he was sure Tony wouldn’t complain when he discovered Steve’s reasoning.
“I’m an asshole, Steve.”
Tony just shrugged, “Bosses word is final,” he told Sam apologetically, and Steve huffed in amusement as their friend just muttered mutinously and then stood back up to go and grab some after-gym cereal, leaving Tony and Steve to themselves once more.
Finally, Steve just looked at him once last time more before mumbling an unintelligible excuse and then turning on his heel, walking through the crowds with remarkable speed for a guy so big.
He leaned forward, pressing his mouth over Steve’s heart. “I love you so much,” he whispered, the thrum of Steve’s pulse thumping through his lips, “never do that to me again.”
exactly Tony managed to retrieve the voicemail, and Steve had promised not to let anyone know about what sort of things his brain could do, so he had to remain silent.
From what he heard these days, Tony was busy with the political side of the accords debate, doing his level best to grant the avengers immunity while the global threats continued to rage on around them. He was tired, it was clear to see. Weary.
No. No, instead, he was a butt-pillow for his husband.
“Hey, hey, take a few deep breaths,” Thor said, his own hands rising up and hovering nervously by Steve’s shoulders, “my name is Thor, remember? You are… the new boy, who sits with Clint, right- yeah, that’s it- I’m going to take you to the kitchen, okay? It is a lot quieter in there. We can get you some water, yes?”
Tony stilled. There were a lot of things he wanted to say to that:
“He thought you were dating Bucky, and then when you left the room and I immediately started making out with him, he was understandably angry on your behalf” Natasha explained smoothly, and when Steve turned to look at Tony in question, the boy just nodded miserably. Steve hated seeing him like that- he’d been so happy just a minute ago.
“I’m sorry I was so harsh,” Steve told him as they descended on the elevator, throat still feeling somewhat raw and uneven. Tony glanced up at him, his face twisting in confliction as he squeezed their hands together.
With a sigh of relief, he looked up at the tower and yawned again. He’d have to be up again in a few hours. But until then, he had a boyfriend to check up with and a mattress to black out on.
They set off shortly after that, with Steve stopping off along the way to buy them the appropriate roadtrip snacks and then piling them all onto Tony’s lap for easy access. Tony napped for most of the morning ride, but eventually the sound of Steve’s continuous crunching of chips stirred him and he shucked the blankets he’d previously been nestled in. Steve shot him a wry glance. “You could’ve at least put on some pants.”
With a shrug, he unzipped his jacket and then pulled off his shirt, hanging it on the coat-rack. When he turned back, Tony’s eyebrows were raised. “Boy oh boy- you almost look fit enough to be a ballet dancer yourself,” he said in approval.
Something poked him in the shoulder, and he looked sideways. Loki was glancing at him. “You want something to calm your nerves?” He asked lightly, delving into his pocket and pulling out a cigarette. Steve got the feeling it wasn’t just tobacco rolled into it.
They both locked eyes with one another for a moment, before Tony simply sighed and then fell back into the cradle of Steve’s embrace, his breath ghosting along Steve’s exposed collar bones. Steve shut his eyes and sunk his chin into the mess of curls underneath him, holding Tony up like a shield against all the demons running through his head. Days like these put into perspective how… fragile, all of them were. How quickly all of it could end. It made Steve want to just pack his shit up and give all of it up- the job, the mantle of Captain America, everything. His mind went back to his thoughts from a while ago, about the quiet farm and the three kids and the peaceful nothingness that he’d envisioned while they’d lazed about on the couches. That would have been nice.
It was a world with Tony or it was no world at all. It would always, always be that way.
, “There’s food cooking- and the team said they’re waiting for us downstairs.”
Steve didn’t quite know what to say- not entirely sure where any of this was even heading, to be honest- so Tony cleared his throat and spoke again, head nodding over to the sheet of paper hanging precariously off the edge of the armrest. “Uh- first answer’s square root of 387 divided by 3b?” He tried, finger-tapping increasing marginally.
“Hey- you should invite him and Thor over to your birthday party next week,” Sam told him over a mouthful of burger, then promptly choked on it a second later. After Clint gave him a hefty whack on the back, he looked up and continued. “See if you get a
“Merely testing out the new social performance upgrades you fitted me with last night,” the AI replied calmly, all traces of worry gone from his voice. Steve… well, Steve was too busy recovering from the initial shock of catching that brief flash of smooth chest and then dealing with the subsequent raging hard-on to say anything even remotely helpful, and so in the end Tony just sighed and nodded, apparently accepting it.
“Sweet dreams, Captain Rogers.”
Tony watched this all in fascination for a few moments. He got the feeling it had been a long night for Thor. “Enjoying yourself?”
Howard’s voice was getting progressively louder, and Steve’s nails dug into his palms so hard that he felt the skin break.
They were silent again- simply watching the view ahead of them as everything disintegrated. They had minutes, maybe. Not long enough for anyone to swoop in and save them, now, but enough to be able to appreciate everything fully, before…. you know.
“Avengers,” he yelled, looking at Thanos from across the battlefield and showing his teeth in a smug grin of triumph.
He wanted to put his hand in Tony’s hair, so he quickly leaned forward a little in order to stub out the second cigarette against the brick and then did exactly that; feeling the softness under his fingers and barely resisting the urge to just laugh with happiness. He couldn’t believe it was actually happening- couldn’t believe he was actually getting this. “Sorry for wasting another cigarette,” he murmured, framing Tony’s face between his hands.
. Even now he’s bigger and stronger than Howard, he won’t fight back. He’s lived his whole life trying to do what Howard wants, trying not to get himself beat up- he doesn’t realise he can stop it now. He doesn’t think rationally when it comes to that man. He immediately closes off, thinks only in terms of how he’s going to get Howard to leave him alone. No offence, Steve, but at that moment in time, you were pretty low down on his list of priorities. Especially considering what you were almost caught doing. He must have been having a full-blown freakout under that calm exterior.”
“Papa,” Maria cut into their conversation loudly, sitting up from the boat and making it rock with the suddenness of it, apparently now bored by the fishes, “do we have any ice pops left?”
Steve brushed it off, because it wasn’t Tony’s fault. He could see how much it worried him- how hard he tried to keep Steve out of it. He’d figured that had been the reason for why Tony didn’t treat him like anything more than a close friend when they were out in public. He just hadn’t wanted Steve to get hounded by the press. It had seemed like the only explanation.
Natasha looked at him. “I don’t want you to get lost with my pizzas,” she said with a frown.
can’t live without him.”
He still couldn’t get rid of the memories, though.
“Before that.”
he’d wanted that since the first year of dating.
were giving it your best shot with Barnes in fucking Siberia! Don’t treat me like some sort of blind idiot, I know what kind of risks this comes with and you need to
But Tony turned into him, hands slipping around Steve’s waist as he gazed upward through the decadent curl of his lashes. Steve was never going to get used to how beautiful Tony looked up close; something so strangely intimate and lovely about being the only person who got near enough to count his eyelashes or spot the little freckle just peeking out of his hairline. Things saved only for Steve.
“Yes, do that,” Tony snapped, before Natasha said “no, that’s going to be too suspicious. We don’t want them calling the cops or getting any more involved than they already are. We’re gonna have to spin a story- tell them the mother came back or something. How much information did they get on the phonecall?”
At this point, the entire room was pretty much vibrating on the spot, and Tony was a little nervous as to what the last one was going to be. He looked at Steve curiously, eyebrow raised, and Steve just nodded at the last slip, biting his lip.
“Yeah, Tony’s apparently a whiz at engineering, he’s been giving us tips on how to keep it structurally sound this whole time,” Clint told him, punching Steve’s arm lightly as his own form of greeting.
Again, though, Bucky seemed not to mind- just took it with a fond look on his face. He was completely head over heels, the poor boy. “I love it when you steal things for me, you lawless evil demon,” he leaned in and kissed her again, and everyone just rolled their eyes.
“Watching them try and coordinate the taking-over of the entirety of Wall Street is always funny,” Clint agreed with a nod, dumping his bow on the counter and then hopping up onto the counter to grab the cereal box.
“What? No, Tony, what the fuck?” Steve burst incredulously. He couldn't help but wonder what kind of fucking people Tony hung out with to make him so quick to use money to try and stop them from spilling his secrets. “I don’t want you money. I won’t tell anyone. I promise.”
Steve lunged at him again, and Tony barely managed to dodge away from the suit-denting right hook sent his way. “We have a set of Adamantium cuffs, although they may be difficult to place on him while he’s still conscious. All other stun grenades and gas would probably be ineffective on him.” Tony flew backward again, not wanting to risk taking a hit from Steve at this range, but the soldier was fast, and it was hard to get a good amount of distance between them. When Steve launched himself forward and spun a kick in Tony’s direction again, it caught, and Tony felt the impact reverberate through his body, the suit managing to absorb most of the blow, but still leaving a little for Tony’s midsection. He gasped in pain and stumbled, back hitting the wall. That was going to bruise. “Sir,” JARVIS said hurriedly as Steve moved forward once more, “I think perhaps we may have to use more traditional methods for this.”
Next were the blueprints that he had to approve and send back down to R&D. That required a little more brain-power, maybe even enough to distract him. It was engineering. He was good at that. “JARVIS, patch me through to Collins.”
Tony snapped, “Steve… Steve, it’s fucking over. It’s done. Thanos, he won. And we—Steve, we got lucky, honey, we both made it out alive, managed to find something in this mess, we can’t risk that. We can’t risk throwing all this away on a whim.”
Steve spluttered indignantly, hands going to his hips. “Then- then come over here and make me!” He said, attempting at confrontational.
“Yeah yeah, whatever, glad you’re here etcetera, now can you be here quietly? Steve muttered, flopping back into the pillow and curling in around the bedsheets, “I don’t want to have to kill you just after sleeping with you. That would be really impolite.”
Cardiac arrest.
He woke up late for school and didn’t even care. Turned up forty minutes into first period and sat at his desk silently for the remainder of the lesson. Then sat in the bathroom for break, knees curled up to his chest and face impassive as he stared at the door. He didn’t bother going to the late detention that night, either, even though he knew it would only make things worse. He just couldn’t find it in himself to care.
“Not my fault you’re a massive fucking tease,” Steve muttered grumpily, falling into step beside Tony, “it’s not easy to think when you’ve just been kissed like that.”
He kept his mouth shut. Just until they got Bucky back, and things had settled down. Steve would tell him then.
But rather than respond, the boy just shook his head and then rushed off into his bathroom, rubbing frantically at the splatters of paint in his hair and face. It took a few seconds until Tony was done, and when he came back out again, he didn’t even look Steve in the eye. “Just… just wait. I’ll be back as soon as I can.”
“You are a kid,” Bucky told her, “I’m sure you can answer that one.”
Shit. He was crying properly, now, and Steve sounded like he was struggling for air too, as he stumbled forward and reached blindly for Tony’s hand. “I know, Tony, I know, and I’m so sorry, I thought it was what you wanted, please-”
Unable to help himself, Steve glanced at his watch again. A tiny flicker of a smile passed over his face as an idea popped into his head, and when he looked up, he made sure to school his face into the saddest look he could manage.
If he could catch Tony now, there wasn’t much point in wandering around trying to find a room Steve had never been to and hunt down Tony that way, was there?
“What the fuck!” Steve shoved him irritably, glaring at Tony, “you said you’d start wearing it!”
“He’d been double dealing my weapons,” Tony said, his voice burning with anger, “planning on killing me so he could take over the business. I found out the week before the hit had been planned.”
“Hey, hey, sweetheart, what’s wrong? Are you—hey, talk to me Steve, what—”
That was Steve’s fault, too.
“The same way I always do,” Tony said with a nervous laughter, “coffee.”
It felt like there was a gaping wound right in the middle of Steve’s chest. He didn’t even know what to do with himself. How to act. None of them did.
His hand curled around Tony’s; finger tracing feather-light against the slightly faded gold band Tony wore. “Go back to sleep, darling,” he whispered, shutting his own eyes even as he said it.
But Peggy looked at him like that was odd. "So you're saying you're voluntarily keeping your relationship secret?"
Steve had a lot of things he needed to say. Ask him why he’d lied to Steve about him being so sure Stone wouldn’t rat them out. Tell him they needed to collect evidence so that they could start making a case that would put Howard away in a jail cell to rot for the rest of his life. Discuss how they were going to move forward, and where Tony was going to stay in the immediate future.
Stark had mentioned Operation Paperclip. Fury supposed that was as good a starting point as any.
Jerking forward like a man possessed, he pushed through the crowds incredibly impolitely, hands moving people out of the way as effectively as he could without just outright shoving them out of the way. People yelled and drinks were spilled but honestly, it was Tony’s fucking champagne so they could deal with it or they could get the fuck out. “Steve!”
who gave all the shits; not
There was the sound of ambulances, distant in the air. People were crying. He could see them in his periphery. Across the street, it was silent. Pressed up against his chest, Tony was silent too.
Tony’s mouth hurt from the size of his smile and he leaned in and kissed Steve’s warm cheek fondly. “I love you very very much,” he told Steve firmly, “but I am not dragging your ass up to our bedroom to have you attempt to get it up and then drunkenly fuck me until you fall unconscious half-way through. I have standards, darling.”
Steve kept his face blank. “SHIELD is what keeps this modern world safe—”
“You’re an idiot,” Steve shook his head and shoved Bucky’s shoulder fondly, “you… God, do you know how broke you’re gonna be to pay for this piece of crap?”
Quietly, Tony agreed with Thor. But he also understood exactly where Steve was coming from, seeing as he’d gone through this exact same conversation with Clint a few minutes earlier. He and Steve were going out for a long overdue date night, so tonight they were leaving the rest of the team to get Peter to bed. It was a task that had been performed exclusively by Tony and Steve ever since Pete had arrived, and so handing over responsibility was proving… strangely difficult. Peter was notoriously hard to calm, and over the last few weeks he and Steve had worked out a very particular system for doing it. It was a careful process, with many steps involved. Tony and Steve leaving tonight may well prove cataclysmic.
Steve smiled tiredly and shuffled further up the bed. “Mornin’,” he mumbled, and Tony turned to him quickly, his own face smiling back.
“We’re killing them, right?” Tony asked suddenly after the second hour, when they were close to coming to the end of all the data. His voice sounded eerily loud in the silence of the room, and Steve glanced up at him from his tablet, face set grimly, hands white-knuckled.
He wanted Tony to know that he had always, always been Steve’s sure thing, and that if he had a time machine that could take him anywhere he wanted to go, he wouldn’t even go back to the forties. He hadn’t wanted that for a long time now. He’d just go back and change the decision he’d made to hide the knowledge from Tony, and then none of this would have fucking happened, and they wouldn’t have split up and gone to opposite ends of the goddamn globe, and Steve would still be able to hold him in his arms at night and kiss him in the morning and fight side by side with him on the battlefield. It would have been everything Steve had ever God-damn wanted.
Uh oh.
Now came the tricky part.
. Of course it was a little blunt, a little crass, but by that point in the night Tony was supposed to have kissed the man in at least three different mistletoe-laden locations in the tower, and so it would have then become obvious to Steve that this had been the plan all along: straight up just looking Steve in the eye and asking, via Christmas Cracker, if he was interested.
“At least you’re not drunk and crying this time,” Steve told him, sitting down beside him and then leaning their shoulders together, “always like it when you’re not doing that.”
Before Tony could even properly wake, Steve hissed down at him, “I think your dad’s back early, shit, what do we d-“
Well. For about three seconds, anyway. After that, their moment of peace was rudely interrupted by four other people as they kicked the door open and piled in.
Jesus fucking Christ.
He couldn’t just let Tony walk free.
"Track down the mother," Thor said, "we have the resources. Just give it back."
He felt Tony laugh. “Of all the things for you to worry about in my life, and you choose
Steve grimaced. “I don’t like it when you don’t have your suit.”
Like I said. They’ve got each other. It’s all good.
“No, no, it’s fine,” Steve stepped forward again, because he wasn’t one to shy away from this sort of thing, “sorry, it’s just…”
Finally, Steve looked up, much to Tony’s disappointment. “Next week it’s capture the flag. You in?”
They continued on like that until they reached the stairwell. Steve let Tony go, and immediately Tony stepped a hasty distance away. Steve pretended not to notice, just pulling out his phone and shooting off a text to Natasha. They waited in silence for a second, until Steve received confirmation. Natasha had shut down the CCTV.
“Eh. Bus can wait. I’ve got a date with my dancer.”
Slamming the door back open, he observed the room around him with sharp eyes. He spotted Tony immediately; stood facing off with Bucky for the second time whilst Thor held onto his arm and stopped him getting any further. Natasha was stood rigidly at Bucky’s side, her face blank and analytic as she undoubtedly tried to think of something to say. Around them. The rest of their friends were sat alert; some slowly getting to their feet like they were preparing for an actual damned fight to break out.
Steve shut his eyes and sighed. He was overreacting. This is exactly the sort of thing his therapist had told him not to do. Take a situation and overthink it to apocalyptic proportions, just because it didn’t go the way he’d wanted.
Someone else was in front of him now, putting space between him and Ty. It was a teacher; Miss Hill, he registered vaguely, as she grabbed one of his legs and stopped it from hitting her. She was yelling at him, but he couldn’t hear her—all he cared about was the boy on the floor, about how he wasn’t fucking finished, how he needed to do this because no one else ever fucking would, and for the rest of Stone’s life he would get away with what he’d done because there was no one there to make him pay for it.
