"Maybe I don't want you observing my girlfriends," John said. "Anyhow, you're dodging. You got angry with her – actually angry. I don't see that often."
"Ah. Ha-ha. Naughty." Sherlock lightly swatted Tom's nylon-clad bum (very tight, he couldn't help noticing) and moved a handspan away. While this wasn't entirely unexpected, as TWH
"Good." Benedict unscrewed the jar of obscenely expensive seaweed cream and dipped his fingers inside. He moved his hand, grasping Tom's tight round arse for a moment before he worked two fingers into Tom's body.
"He's affectionate, you horse's arse. That's what affection is like, not that you would know. All you've got is your fucked-up relationship with your brother." Cumberbatch flung Sherlock's hand away and stalked to the outermost edge of the white space. "Oh, and not that you give a shit, but your flatmate is being framed for murder by Jim Moriarty. He stole John's gun and used it to commit a murder in Brighton, where John spent the day. I asked Mycroft for help and he said he would, but I don't think he got to the files in time, I'm not certain. So, you know, cheers for asking about him."
me to must have slipped his mind, because it took them nearly an hour to realise who they'd grabbed. They had to change direction and take us somewhere less…dungeonish." Sherlock sniffed. "I must say it's not much of an improvement."
"If it happens again – that is, if we switch back and we're still trapped in each other's universe – I see no reason why it shouldn't happen again, balance of probability and all that, I want you to contact Mycroft."
Sherlock heaved a loud sigh and rolled his eyes to the ceiling, but walked the extremely short distance to the door, then came back to the bed. "Happy?"
"There's no point!" Sherlock said, throwing his hands in the air. "God, I get worse letters every day. Now what's Jim doing in the flat?"
"And now you're not friends?" Nora slipped her hand into his, an unconscious seeking or granting of comfort.
John turned Benedict's hand over and marvelled over the lack of injury. "You didn't do that…er, deliberately, did you, Sherlock?"
shocked that you've bothered to come back. Wasn't it yesterday, or no – the day before, can't quite recall, that you told me you weren't interested in the case? That it was appallingly dull?"
"Yes, I know about it," Sherlock said, waving a hand. "It hardly explains the concept of an alternate universe."
Sherlock pressed his lips together, the colour deeper in his cheeks. "John, there's nothing to apologise for."
Mycroft took a glass. "Thank you." He sipped:  good. Brut, not that sickly sweet stuff. He drained the glass, set it on a table next to a cachepot of fragrant, fragile narcissi, and kept moving.
John clicked his tongue. "Better eat fast, then." He shovelled in a heap of pasta and got a second heap in his mouth just as a squad car pulled up, lights flashing.
Gradually, the sights became less familiar. At first it failed to trouble him; this was Sherlock's universe, after all, and there were bound to be lots of differences. But by and by he realised that even in Sherlock's universe, Baker Street was north of Hyde Park. Wasn't it? The taxi driver was moving south. He'd changed direction.
intelligence at best – but feigning exhaustion and aping Cumberbatch's eager-puppy demeanour would only take him so far. Their relationship was secretive; there weren't any YouTube videos of the pair of them kissing or bantering or exchanging syrupy glances. It wasn't going to be easy to extrapolate the nuances of a relationship from the few cues TWH had given him; there were months of physical familiarity and affection and references known only to them. Christ, why did people bother?
Benedict opened his eyes and instantly squeezed them shut again to block out the blinding light that induced immediate tears. Covering the upper half of his face with his arm, he cautiously groped out with his other hand. "Guys, that's really bright. Could you turn it off? I think I'm okay."
"It's okay. I love pizza." Molly took the second box and placed it on the first. "Do you want a glass of wine? Erm, sit down."
"I fervently hope so. My team and I will be here tomorrow at seven o'clock with the necessary equipment to, we believe, facilitate your departure and ensure a smooth transference."
"Mm." That, Benedict reflected, was true. There would be no drugging, which was something of a relief; no texting accompanied by orgasmic sighing, no awkward Christmas party, no fake death, no hectoring from Mycroft about giving codes away to impress Irene Adler. That last was probably the best part, because the less he saw of Mycroft, the better. On the other hand, if there really was a terrorist cell, that meant the Bond Air operation was still in effect, unblemished, and would go off without a hitch. No-one would be harmed. So he'd done well, even if he did say so himself.
Benedict marvelled at John's courage. Mycroft Holmes was the most terrifying person he'd ever clapped eyes on.
A thousand times Mycroft had yearned to change the settings on Sherlock's text messages – to silence them, in fact. He told himself that would relieve him of numerous burdens. But in truth, he'd never be able to relax; he saw himself checking his phone in perpetuity. Better to have the jarring and vaguely upsetting Bartók ringtone he'd chosen. It suited Sherlock down to the ground.
Puzzled, John closed the door and shrugged out of his coat, tossing it on the sofa – bad example, but Nora wasn't around – and went into the bedroom. Mary was moving around, pulling things out of dresser drawers and tossing them onto the bed, where her suitcase – the big one, not the overnight she usually took on her stints – sat open, half-filled with unfolded clothes, none of them scrubs. "What's going on? What happened to Paris?"
"God, are you kidding? It's an honour. Listen, I hope it's not too intrusive, but could I have your autograph? My daughter just loves your show. She's started to collect your older stuff. She'll probably murder me for not calling – hey, would you mind if I took your picture?"
Stunned into silence, Benedict lifted his hands, wincing at the sudden pain of elevation and restored circulation. He clasped his hands together – they were cold – and rubbed them tentatively, never taking his eyes away from Sherlock Holmes' genuinely terrifying elder brother. "Why…why'd you do that?"
John listened in silence. When Sherlock had stopped speaking, he took one of Sherlock's hands in his and turned it palm-up, pressing his thumb lightly to its centre. "Sherlock, when have you ever seen me unable to take care of myself?" He smiled. "Okay, apart from a few times, I admit it. Seriously, though –"
Mycroft set the phone down and went into the loo. He undid his brown silk dressing gown and examined his reflection with some anxiety. Pale, odd, and despite his efforts, a bit flabby. Who on earth could possibly be interested in that?
"Mm." Sherlock turned up the wipers and leant forward, peering through the rain and darkness. "All right, I see it." He slowed to a crawl, veered right onto a foresty, pitch-black road, and cut all but the fog lamps.
It was the wine, making him maudlin, affecting him the way it did any common idiot. His throat tightened, and his eyes itched.
Moriarty, straddling his chair, leant forward and propped his arms across its back. "Considering your taste in men, I'll take that as a compliment. Tell me, you're not really surprised to see me, are you?"
Benedict stifled a smile as he saw her nose twitch. Was she sniffing him? He rather thought she was. "How was work today?"
"Mm. Perhaps I'll stop by later in the week, when he's heard the happy news." A Christmas dinner with two disgustingly cheerful, glutinously sentimental parents-to-be sounded excruciating.
He struggled harder and let out a smothered shriek of rage, frustration, and terror. His limbs felt heavy, and his head was swimming again.
"Gladly." Sherlock wanted to get up, but he wanted to do it away from Donovan's too-sharp gaze. He folded his hands atop his chest and waited.
John didn't speak aloud, because there was no point in compounding the present crisis by setting off Mr. Unpredictable. He settled for a pointed get-stuffed glare and bent at the knees to haul Sherlock up. This time he managed to lock his arms together across Sherlock's chest and pull him off the floor.
Moriarty stopped and considered a moment. "I think it's too late for that, darling." He nodded mournfully. "Yeah…it's too late. Get up."
, he'd been about to say, but they could afford it now, couldn't they? Well, he'd barely got used to the fact that they
Sherlock reached up and stroked John's sweaty hair. "John, that was marvellous, you –" He paused. "Are you all right?"
John. Dressed a bit better than he'd done at the racecourse, bundled up against the sudden cold snap and looking…well, looking like John.
The flight attendant leant down as if she were about to impart a particularly juicy secret. "We have Orangina if you'd like."
"Who the hell are you?" John inquired. Under the circumstances, he decided, courtesy wasn't required.
"Steenie was a little reluctant," Sebastian said, draping Lord Moran's coat round his brother's shoulders. "That was to help him relax a bit. Downstairs now. Not too quickly."
Mycroft ground his teeth in frustration. "Or if the problem therein grows, it could mean upheaval in England itself?"
"Grade four surveillance on Lord Stephen Moran. Current residence Prince of Wales Terrace; expand the net to residence in Londonderry. Get me the Deputy First Minister on the phone and arrange for whoever's heading up Culture, Arts, and Leisure to come immediately. And get me Edwards from SIS."
"Not now, John. I want to focus on this." Sherlock withdrew both pieces of correspondence from his pocket and stared intently. The gross features looked similar, even accounting for the wide timespan between them, but there were stylistic differences. He should have looked for more correspondence, another Christmas card or two. Presumably he wasn't writing long, chatty letters from his digs in the IRA. It wasn't altogether impossible, though….
Without a word, Sherlock sat up, his gaze darting between John and Moriarty. He started to push himself to his feet.
"I – I'm trying –" John replied shakily, then moved away, sitting up with a groan. He pulled off his shoes and socks, then wriggled out of his jeans, jumper, and t-shirt.
"Yeah. Lovely guy." Cumberbatch's voice dripped sarcasm. "The point is, he knows, and he's working on the problem." He hesitated. "You two…."
The scent of Henry's cologne filled Tom's nostrils as hands grabbed his arms and pulled. Tom grunted as his back and bum scraped over cold, unyielding metal and thumped onto cool grass. The air was damp and chilly, reminding him that he was only wearing running shorts. He planted his hands and tried to sit up.
Had what? He wasn't sure. Didn't matter. Too much time, too many events had passed. And he'd done so well avoiding Sherlock, for the most part.
"You can text Lestrade with your conclusions tomorrow. Right now I think you'd better get some sleep."
There, the right eye, that tiny blot of brown just above the pupil. Desperately, he scanned for contact lenses, a custom job. No edge. No contacts. Real irises.
"Can't." John shook his head. "Dunno, maybe I will when I go back down there. Couple of hours, who knows. Don't worry about me. I came up to see you. How are you feeling?" He made an abbreviated gesture and then pulled his hand back. "All that was so…erm, chaotic."
"The strange thing is that there doesn't seem to be a burn site. No blistering, not even a reddened patch of skin," said the PA (just broke up with his girlfriend, using her shampoo and lotion in a desperate attempt at connection – no,
"I don't…I don't know what you mean." Sherlock squirmed a bit in the chair, then teetered backward as Henry cracked him across the face.
"No, not this minute. But soon. If we do, we'll all need vaccinations, maybe visas – I'd like to move on it quickly."
Tom howled in pain, trying to clench his teeth and breathe through the sudden blinding yellow-green nausea that swamped him. He rocked back and forth convulsively, wanting to throw up. Tears of agony and rage rolled from his tightly closed eyes. More pain seared through him as Henry grasped his hair and gave his head a good hard shake.
Ah, Mycroft! Hm. Not bad. Not as fat as Mycroft, but he certainly had the supercilious attitude just right.
Moriarty held up both hands. "Okay, okay. Wow." He sauntered into the kitchen and began to open cupboards.
"There it is," Sherlock said, and reluctantly disentangled his fingers from John's to point ahead. "That clearing – see it?"
The car moved smoothly through London traffic. The noise and glittering lights soothed Sherlock's slightly nettled mood. Gaffe or not, how was he meant to have known that Cumberbatch had a lisp? It wasn't on any of the adoring fan pages he'd scanned, nor in the Wikipedia entry nor in the interviews he'd watched. Apparently he'd managed to learn to hide it fairly well. Still – he should have noticed, and now, really thinking about it, there
John thumped onto the new sofa, concealed by a dust cover. "I have to keep an eye on the time. Have to fetch Nora at four." He grinned wryly. "You had to move us a million miles from Blackheath."
God. God, what a fool he'd been. Stupid, lazy, complacent. All this time, practically right beneath his nose.
"Don't mind him," Henry said. "He's always got his knickers in a knot over Tom. You know how it is. Come on back, if you've finished."
Jim Moriarty, or a version of him. I saw it on the television programme, he's not much different. He prides himself on his unpredictability – he
"It's a poison," Sherlock said, "derived from a plant, the family Ranunculaceae. It's also called Wolfsbane. It causes the ventricles to –"
The priest had closed his breviary and was saying the final prayer. "God of holiness and power, accept our prayers on behalf of your servant Mary. Do not count her deeds against her, for in her heart she desired to do your will. As her faith united her to your people on earth, so may your mercy join her to the angels in heaven. We ask this through Christ our Lord."
"Why would living tire anybody?" Sherlock murmured. He couldn't fathom it himself. There was a world surrounding them laden with secrets, with extraordinary thrills, enigmas just waiting to be prised apart, to yield to the correct amount of persuasion and pressure. The day he lost interest in the treasure trove presented to him would be the day he'd wind himself in a shroud and climb into a grave. And he felt that especially keenly today, with John beside him.
He would have liked to have texted John. But there were sure to be unpleasant revelations at this meeting, and it was just possible that John wouldn't be an asset. Too, it was possible that Sherlock could sort things out before John discovered the worst. He didn't want Mary to suffer, whatever she'd done. He had no faith in her and precious little love any longer, but she was still tied to John through marriage, through Eleanor. It was naïve optimism to believe that their parting wouldn't be acrimonious, but a tiny shred of hope remained that Mary would be grateful to Sherlock for preserving John from the bulk of the truth. Sherlock would remind her, if necessary. He wasn't above that.
Was he in a hotel after all? The room had that sterile, anonymous look – neutral furniture, tasteful but dull, a plain duvet, tiny, astringently neat waste bins – but how the fuck had he ended up here? He went to the door, fully expecting to find it locked, but it opened easily, and he found himself in a carpeted corridor near a lift and a vaguely Art Deco wall sconce next to a framed print of a vase of flowers. The only anomaly was the large man in black clothes and a watch cap, whose hand drifted to his hip as John wheeled drunkenly toward him.
Little pieces of memory began to click together, like a Lego set. It had been Sherlock and John for the longest time, hadn’t it? But she’d been too wrapped up in her own pointless misery to see it.
pointless. A multitude of universes in the Universe, inflationary expansion, inflaton field, quark confinement, conceptual quantum mechanics….
A soft smile appeared on Moriarty's face. "I told you I'd burn the heart out of you, but I didn't say how." He drew his phone from his inner breast pocket and punched in a number. A raspy male voice answered, and Moriarty said, "Now will be fine. More than fine."
"Sherlock," John murmured, "scale it back a bit, yeah?" But a smile tugged at the corners of his mouth, and his eyes were less anxious.
Mycroft's car took Sherlock to 221B. To Sherlock's surprise, Mycroft instructed the driver to wait and insisted on accompanying Sherlock upstairs. Sherlock made the laborious climb in silence, his cheeks burning at the knowledge that Mycroft was assessing him and finding him wanting.
“Not nearly as lovely as you.” He sat beside her and kissed her ear. “Ahh, I’m glad you’re wearing the new fragrance. It becomes you.”
"Sarah wore foundation, concealer, powder, brow pencil, mascara, eyeliner, shadow, blush, and lip gloss," Sherlock said. "It's true some women don't wear makeup, but it takes others a lot to achieve that natural look."
"The world has changed in the past decade, John, even if you haven't managed to move forward. The mere existence of James Moriarty is not enough to constitute a crisis. Diplomatic initiatives worldwide in China, North Korea, Russia, and most of the Middle East are delicate at best and on the verge of utter collapse at worst. Egypt and Israel are at each other's throats once more, and the United States continues in its grand tradition of playing global police force with its usual staggering ineptitude. You can't possibly expect me to consider him a priority, particularly since he hasn't made an overt move in more than ten years."
A faint smell of sandalwood drifted to his nose from the soap. A comforting, familiar scent:  his dad's aftershave had been sandalwood and leather. Mummy had worn lilac scent. Together, they formed their own unique compound, unforgettable.
"Pepper spray! Where am I going to get hold of that?" Benedict rolled his eyes, and Tom frowned. "Look, I know I have easier access to certain things now, but I don't need some photographer catching me with pepper spray in my hand. I think I'm just going to phone the police on Monday. Don't roll your eyes again! You're not being very consoling, you know." He said this last in a bantering tone, though in truth he felt a little hurt.
"Maybe." Sherlock got up and went to the table, gritting his teeth at the throb in his knee. He probed gently at the woman's feet, bending her toes back and forth. "Third toe on the left foot's broken too. Wouldn't have seen bruising because of the lividity, the downward position of her body."
"You're the one who brought home the air sac. The experiment's probably ruined now anyway – I want you to throw the syringe out. Preferably unopened."
"Right," Benedict said. "What did make you twig, anyhow? Was it…er…that bit in the drawing room?" He wasn't certain he really wanted to know, but it was a poor actor who wasn't willing to hear negative feedback.
The house was identical to the one in the show. Benedict instructed the driver to leave them and climbed out. He gazed up at the snowy edifice for a moment. He was off-script; in the show he'd gone back to the flat and tried on a couple of thin disguises before opting for the clerical collar and split cheekbone, but the truth was that his flair for drama wasn't quite as acute as Sherlock's and he wasn't keen on getting punched in the face. John was short, but he was wiry and had a lot of pent-up ire, and Benedict didn't want to incur it if at all possible.
Sherlock took his hands from his face. "Mark," he said with a smile, wondering if it looked as artificial as it felt. "Hey."
"The equipment's a bit complicated." Fluorescent light illuminated Enright's pink scalp under his flattened stubble of a haircut.
"No, I want to eradicate them, at least for the moment. I'll call the police on Monday. They can establish a presence here, or I'll hire a private security guard, something. It'll work out – thanks for helping me see that." Tom knelt and combed his fingers through Sherlock's hair – or tried to. He recoiled a bit. "What did you put on your hair?"
"Some sort of fainting spell," Henry said. "Look, not to tell you your business, Benedict, but Tom's always been a fairly straitlaced sort of fellow – he was at RADA, anyhow. Drank a bit, but wasn't much for drugs. Always disapproved of a bit of blow. Still, that might have changed now that he's a big Hollywood star. Of course, I won't say a word." He winked and nudged Sherlock in the side.
"I'm not sure," John said through clenched teeth. "Make yourself useful and get me a glass of water. You put anything funny in it and I'll break both your legs."
An idea sprang half-formed into the forefront of Sherlock's mind and he clasped his hands together hard under the table to keep from blurting it out. "I imagine you've picked out a place to live already."
Sherlock slipped from beneath John deftly. "Lie face down." He stroked John's back in small circles, moving with slow reverence. He touched John's wet hair, the nape of his neck. His fingers, strong and capable, traced over John's flesh so lightly it was hardly a touch at all.
"It's okay," Mary replied, and patted Sherlock's hand. "Another time. Actually, Miss Nora wants to be a surgeon, so between you and John, she'll be keen to hear lots about the sort of work you do. Appropriately edited for now, obviously."
"Ooh. Wish I could, but we've got some business to take care of, the three of us." Moriarty waggled his brows. "Always did fancy a
Mycroft sat and sipped. "And why should I do that? You seem to think I have unlimited power, Sherlock. I hate to disabuse you of the notion because I would hate to lose even a particle of the adoration you hold for me –"
Mary came back with the flowers, now neatly encapsulated in a heavy cut-crystal vase. "There we are." She set them on the coffee table and straightened, smoothing the skirt of the pale-grey dress that skimmed her figure prettily. "Thanks again, Sherlock, they're glorious. Did you bring that wine?"
"Ghosts," Sherlock said softly, bitterly. He turned and stared into Mycroft's eyes. "That was what you meant."
Benedict hid a grin and stretched, flexing muscles sore from nearly two hours of enforced stillness and unexpressed emotion. He and Andrew had been filming their scene all afternoon; they'd gone through endless cups of tea and almost two dozen apples, and by the end of it he'd been jittery and sloshing like an overfilled wineskin. He desperately wanted out of his costume and makeup, a piss, a beer, solid food, and a smoke, not necessarily in that order. He lifted a hand to Andrew, picking his way through taped-down cables. "Are you up for a meal? I'm starving."
, Sherlock." John exhaled heavily. "You've got a list of fugitive Nazis, an entire fucking book of them in your pocket. You don't find that creepy?"
Sherlock hesitated. Here was unfamiliar territory for both of them; in their adult lives, neither had ever professed to affection, let alone an interest in other human beings greater than detached curiosity, and even that had been treated with a modicum of suspicion. And Mycroft, in his way, had attempted to be gentle with Sherlock.
John stood at the top of the stairs, mouth firmly compressed, hands stuffed in his coat pockets. He blinked at Sherlock. "You're filthy."
Mycroft bared his teeth slightly. "I was actually planning to add to my growing collection of tattoos. John, this is a temporary security measure, but necessary. James Moriarty has been apprehended and will spend the next several weeks undergoing interrogation. Your belongings –" He nodded toward one of the guards who held a plastic sack from the jail. "—are in there, and Sherlock's taken the liberty of gathering clothes for you. Guards will be posted for the duration of your stay. Do not leave the cottage for any reason."
"Mycroft." Sherlock sat up, hampered by wires and electrodes. He was on his comfortable, sprung-in-all-the-right-places sofa. Relief flooded him, leaving him weak. He wouldn't stand quite yet. "What the hell is all this?" He sought Mycroft out and found him, standing slightly behind a group of what looked like IT administrators.
Too surprised to respond, Sherlock sat in silence as John left, then touched his fingertips to his cheek.
Lord Moran didn't speak a word on the drive to Baker Street, presumably because there was no partition between them and the driver. That was perfectly acceptable. Sherlock wasn't in the mood for chatting just yet.
“Well. I don’t know, really. Possibly.” Mycroft rose and opened a cabinet, then rummaged through a box. He came back to the chesterfield with a photograph and handed it to Greg.
John squinted through the throbbing pain. Yes, now that face looked familiar. He remembered the man, lean and taciturn and efficient. He'd strapped John into the Semtex.
“Oh, really? How on earth could you tell?” Violet snapped, and then heaved a sigh. “I’m sorry, darling.”
"I don't think so. She came from the opposite direction." Sherlock shoved his hands deep into his pockets. "Did you notice the laptop on the desk?"
"I don't believe in fate or coincidence, John." Sherlock stepped away and rested his hands on his hips. "Why are you here?"
"Oh, Sherlock –" John kissed him again, lingering, his tongue slipping into Sherlock's mouth, suckling gently. He pulled back, shuddering. "We've got to stop."
"Ah. There you are, then." Faintly unnerved, John returned to his meal, taking up a forkful of lo mein but not bringing it to his mouth. "Did she say anything else?"
Exhaling deeply, his head still ringing, John looked out the window. They had reached the outskirts of Derry.
The novelty in abusing him would have to end at some point. Two weeks remained until Moriarty's planned act of terrorism. Surely they wouldn't want him a broken wreck when it happened. He couldn't allow the same to happen to John. Or Mary.
His complexion unflatteringly ashen against the indigo suit, Guthrie shook his head. "It's all perfectly legal."
" – magnate said, in a statement, that the Dedalus Wing4 would revolutionise communication as we know it."
Wrapping his woolly plaid blanket around himself, he went to the sofa and dropped onto it with an ungraceful plop. Too tired to eat or even to make himself a cup of tea, he sorted through nearly a week's worth of post. Three magazines, one box of lab equipment, seven consultancy requests, one –
The bemused expression returned. After a while, John simply said, "Wow." Then he smiled. "Both of us?"
He touched Sherlock's hair, one springy curl, winding it round his forefinger, then traced over the outline of Sherlock's mouth under the wide white bands of medical tape. Whoever had applied the tape had pressed extra hard; even the little teardrop indentation above his upper lip was visible. That was going to hurt coming off, probably.
Sherlock pressed his lips together but couldn't prevent the itch in his eyes or the burning in his throat. He looked up at the ceiling and let the tears fall, cooling as they trickled down his temples and disappeared into his hair. "John," he said softly, and held his hand out. "John, please…"
He was still marvelling at how well his hair had turned out, considering that he hadn't done a thing to it – towel-dry, quick fluff with the fingers, and it was picture-perfect – when John all but hauled him out the door before he'd had a chance for a quick piece of toast and cup of tea. His stomach grumbled in protest, but he stayed in character – Sherlock Holmes existed on a diet of adrenaline and peril – and climbed into the sleek black sedan, tightening his scarf and drawing his coat closer round his body. It felt reassuring, like armour.
"Forget I said anything." Sherlock slid out of bed and stumbled into the loo. He yanked Cumberbatch's warm-ups down and pissed for hours. Felt glorious.
Tom gave Sherlock an odd look, but continued to eat his noodles. "Hey, I know you said no last week, but can't I persuade you to come along to dinner tomorrow night with the RADA set? They're not half-bad, and I promise it won't be an evening of shop talk – most of them don't even act anymore."
"Of course, your father's more than capable of taking care of himself. I've lost count of the number of times that he's kept me out of danger as well."
"We're not staying," Henry said. "We just wanted to apologise for last night. We were pricks. Well, I was a prick, and Peter was a prick."
“Did you….” Mycroft indicated his face. “To classes? The, erm, maquillage and hair as well as the clothes?”
"Let's give her a little more sleep, love. She had a long day yesterday." And he wasn't quite ready for a clash so early in the morning. Sometimes marriage
They released Sherlock's head and pulled the cloth away. Sherlock spluttered and gasped, trying not to sob aloud. He bent forward as far as he could and vomited water between his knees, then stayed hunched over, shivering and coughing, his brain stuttering through some semblance of rationality.
"It's not. I'm okay." John took a step back, saw the sudden hurt in her eyes, and leant forward to kiss her mouth. "I am. And you smell of cat pee now, you know that?" He poked her tummy.
“I’ve gone to them. They’re lots of fun, actually. Sherlock’s a laugh when he’s had a few drinks in him.”
What letters? How long has he been getting them? Is he okay? Why hasn't he called the police already?"
Frustration seized Benedict, galvanising enough for him to reach up with one bloodless hand and catch the bottom of Sherlock's – of
“Yeah. I mean, to this day I don’t know why Mary picked me. We weren’t really great friends. I’m not sure she actually
Tom moved to the sofa, unceremoniously lifted Sherlock's feet, seated himself, and rested Sherlock's feet on his lap. Sherlock bit down on a 'what the hell do you think you're doing' and stayed silent as Tom slipped off Sherlock's shoes. "I should say you have. You're still in costume. And makeup! What happened, did they go late?" One by one, he dropped Sherlock's shoes on the floor and pulled off his socks. He pressed his thumbs into the middle of Sherlock's right foot and began massaging in circles.
Benedict gaped. Two or three weeks ago – no, a bit more than that – he'd smoked a little grass at Glastonbury, not even an entire blunt – had Mycroft deduced that somehow? Or had it been something else? He shook his head. "Wh-why in God's name would he say that? The fat git," he added. He felt hot and uncomfortable, and John wouldn't stop staring.
It wasn't true that the sexual impulse couldn't be ignored. Sherlock was ordinarily able to ignore it quite easily – at least he'd managed well enough up until a few months ago. And those were just –
"No!" Benedict scowled in genuine annoyance, then remembered to slip back into Sherlock. "Honestly, John. You think I'd waste my time like this? I've got one or two better things to do."
Mycroft sighed. "The DNA tests came back. It seems that the skin under Meredith's fingernails was not, in fact, Georgina Cantwell's. We're still checking databases." He cleared his throat. "It also seems that Georgina Cantwell is not her real name, but we're working on that."
Benedict got himself under control. "Yeah. Yeah, I'm fine." He bit the inside of his cheek to stifle the laughter that still threatened to bubble up, and felt some of the tension bleeding out of his body.
His phone chirped in the kitchen – Sherlock’s ringtone. Sighing, Greg heaved himself up and went to fetch it. He hoped it wasn’t urgent.
They sat in silence for some time. Sherlock seemed sleepy; his head bobbed forward once or twice, and his eyes were, as far as John could tell, unfocussed. Could have been the effect of the shot, or maybe Sherlock hadn't got much sleep the night before himself. It was oddly exciting to speculate that Sherlock might have spent the night thinking about him.
It had begun to rain. Staring out at the dreary scenery as they zipped down the motorway, Benedict wondered what Sherlock was up to. He'd probably terrorised poor Tom into retreat. Tom could be persistent when he was amorous, which Benedict found charming, but Sherlock had likely driven Tom off with a withering verbal assault. How on earth was he going to undo that bit of damage, as well as whatever else Sherlock had done?
Sherlock had catalogued and dismissed them quickly. There was Lucy Strickling, who worked at Christie's and whose skin was so white and whose body was so attenuated that she looked as though she might fall over and break, as delicate as the porcelain she curated – but her ostensible fragility masked seething anger, Sherlock saw. She'd had some sort of affair with TWH (that too-casual greeting, the sweep of sooty lashes against the hollows beneath her eyes evidencing flirtation, the fuchsia skirt that rode high up her thighs) and now bitterly regretted its end despite not really being attracted to him any longer. Doubtless being hitched to a rising young star was far more desirable than dusting off old pots.
"Hmm, let's see. Are you on a tropical island drinking coconut milk and dabbling your toes in the ocean?"
"Oh." Benedict took the phone from his pocket and gave it to John. "I need the loo," he said, and walked out of the room. He went down the corridor blindly and saw the door to the First lounge, which he recognised upon stepping inside. Two uniformed police officers were talking to the bartender, who glanced at him and then turned his attention back to the police. Benedict found the toilet, went into a stall, and locked it. Wrapping his arms around himself and screwing his eyes shut, he tried to still his trembling.
Sherlock gave Tom a wan smile in acknowledgment of his slight tactical error. Good to know, though:  Cumberbatch was as verbose in ordinary life as he was in interviews. He'd rectify that tomorrow. Best to keep up the façade for now. "Oh, you know. It's been a hell of a day."
Packing had been simple. He'd called a company who specialised in organisation, and two efficient young women popped round and took all of Mary's things, with the exception of her jewellery, and boxed it up for Oxfam. Another company had come by and packed everything else that was personal and had taken it to a storage facility where, John mused, it would probably sit for ten years, undisturbed, until he had the courage to toss it all. The furniture had been taken to Oxfam shops as well, along with all the electronics and housewares. They'd start fresh in Barcelona, John decided.
John slipped his phone into his pocket and went off to grab a few more biscuits; he had the feeling that Sherlock was going to sleep for a long time.
"Okay, Sherlock," John whispered in Sherlock's ear. "Come on. Wake up. Moriarty's here, and I don't know what he wants, but it's probably not just a quick chat over a cuppa, right? Now my solution to get rid of him would be to chuck his arse out the window, but I know yours is probably a lot more clever, so…come on, please. Wake up. Please."
"You're funny. Right, so." The man flung something light into Sherlock's lap. Sherlock looked down and saw a long white plastic cable tie. "Be a good lad and secure your right wrist to the chair, will you?"
"I didn't have anything else on," John replied. It was weird, but he actually felt…better, or easier, with Mycroft there. The air wasn't so charged. Probably he was imagining that. Also, it was something of a relief, somehow, to watch Mycroft and Sherlock bicker. There was a peculiar comfort in it. That was a little weird too, admittedly.
– and the rush of footsteps, the sudden jostling and heat of multiple individuals crowding his now-prone and paralysed body.
People who knew him, who knew what he did, thought that he was an agent of chaos, and that was fine, that was more than okay. Because people were stupid, they didn't have the wit or the imagination to comprehend the truth about him: it was symmetry that mattered, not chaos. His actions prompted equal and opposite reactions. Arrange a murder, watch a family collapse and shatter. Organise a heist and sit back as institutions curdle and operations grind to a halt. Infuse a subculture with the correct amount of illegal drugs and enjoy the spectacle of eroding trust and spiraling betrayal. It was the finite subdivision rule taken to its outermost point, the delicate tilting of the world's axis into a Mandelbrot set of infinite shifting beauty. If nobody got it, that wasn't his problem.
"If it's so interesting to you, maybe you should investigate it with me." As soon as the words had leapt out of his mouth, Sherlock's stomach curdled in horrified denial. John hadn't assisted him with a case in four years, not since their falling-out. In all that time, Sherlock hadn't dared to approach him, hadn't dared to ask, because he knew what the answer would be. And people were prone to nostalgia; even after the failure of their friendship, John might have held on to some sentimental notion of the power of their bond, and seeing Sherlock at the racecourse might have stirred those notions. Probably the scarf had been a pretext, but he'd left – and here he was, back again.
"It'll lengthen your lifespan, just a wee bit." Moriarty returned the smile. "Told you I was going to kill you someday, didn't I?"
"And how did you manage that?" Sherlock inquired. He watched Moran carefully; probably the man was attempting to divert Sherlock with a politician's oleaginous skill, but even so, this revelation was an interesting tidbit.
"He's not staying long, Mrs H." Benedict stared narrowly at Moriarty, but he was terribly afraid that Moriarty saw something – the twitch of an eyelid, his rapid pulse, the tense flexing of the muscles in his legs – and was just holding back his triumph.
That box that she'd given Sherlock:  who'd have kept such a thing? She'd kept it for more than fifty years, knowing how vile the contents were. If someone had given it to John, he'd have rejected it violently, or at the very least got rid of it at the first opportunity. Surely there were history museums in Derry who'd have been happy to get that sort of gruesome memorabilia, long after Eichmann, Mengele, Klaus Barbie, all those bastards were dead. She could have left it on the doorstep, but instead, she'd kept it.
Benedict pressed his lips together hard, unsure how to proceed. "We…we were in the process of shooting the second series when I got the electrical shock. The first episode in the series deals with Irene. So yes, in a sense it already did happen, though we've got a few pickups to film yet."
John dried his face and hands and decided to change his jumper after all. Then he'd give Mary a ring. She'd be at work still, but he'd leave her a message if she didn't pick up. She hadn't said much to him about this excursion, probably sensing how delicate it all was, but she'd been curious and she'd want to know what was happening. And he was anxious to tell her.
"Yeah. She'd been sick for about a year." Mary pressed her lips together. "She didn't say a word about it when she was here."
"Give me the phone," Mycroft said. He stuffed it back in his pocket and nodded at Sherlock's collection of bin bags. "They won't let you go with any of that. Come on, let's leave."
Tom was on his knees, pulling something from under the bed:  a long, flat box covered in green and white toile. He lifted the lid and pulled out fistfuls of glossy black rope, then grinned up at Sherlock. "Just got these." He pulled a white silk scarf from the box and dropped it beside the ropes.
The likeliest entrance seemed to be a conservatory attached to the house, with an elderly, easily picked lock. Sherlock motioned John close. "Hold the light for me." As John held his phone over the lock, Sherlock found his pick and inserted it, feeling gently until it creaked open. "Got it! Come on."
"Because it's the right thing to do, that's why." TWH was stern, inexorable. It was oddly appealing, though certainly not what Tom preferred in bed. Though bed and related areas was the cause of all this insincere glad-handing, so perhaps best not to think about that right now. "You practically attacked him, from what I can work out. You owe him an apology."
Sherlock gave a snort of laughter. "I'll have him cremated without ceremony and scatter him in Croydon, just to spite him." He spied a hair on the silk and tweezed it off. "Black."
"Yeah, I guess so. Thanks for sharing. Enjoy the macarons." She opened the door. "See you Wednesday. And you bloody owe me, you arsehole!" The door banged shut, rattling the little corridor sconce.
"Please." At least something was going right, he reflected as the cab pulled up promptly. Sherlock tipped the doorman, gave the cabbie his address, and climbed inside, grateful for the quiet, glad to be off his feet – how much wine had he drunk, anyhow? – and happy to be away from the teeming masses.
"A bit out of it still? Never mind, we'll bring you round in no time. Right, here we are." Henry leant close and cut the tape round Sherlock's ankles – carefully, Sherlock noted. No point, evidently, in drawing a single drop of accidental blood, if one didn't count the knife slicing at his throat. Sherlock let his legs flop to the floor and groaned. He lifted his head and allowed it to fall again as if the effort was too much.
Violet brought Siger a mince pie. She had no idea how they were going to dispose of them all; she’d made enough for an army. The neighbours wouldn’t want any what with their own Christmas feasting. Maybe she could take them to Simon Rhodes’ farm; his goats might enjoy them. “What’s on?”
"You can't do this. You can't do this!" Moriarty shouted, his voice distorting through the speaker. "Someone else has to be listening. This isn't legal!" He bent over for a moment, unable to get his breath.
Mycroft turned to Nora. "Eleanor, isn't it?" Nora nodded silently. "Follow me, please." He led John and Nora down the wide corridor to a sort of parlour, with soft, pale velvet sofas, a crackling fire, and a large armoire that he opened to reveal a television. He handed Nora the remote control and gestured to the sofa. "You can watch television if you like. Would you care for something to drink? Tea, or milk, perhaps? Something fizzy?"
"Certainly, certainly," Guthrie said, folding his hands on his gilt-edged leather blotter. "We have several hundred such individuals in the UK and –"
"God damn it," he muttered, rubbing his sore wrists. The tickle was there again. Thin evidence. Very thin. Not Lord Moran – he had more money than he knew what to do with, and wouldn't hire a one-eyed sheep farmer to do his dirty work. Not the man in the luxury SUV – he hadn't seen Sherlock and John, unless he'd had surveillance on them in the house – unlikely, considering the careless storage of the PA's body. One of Eamonn Reilly's friends – that was a vague possibility, but Reilly was dead and Kerstin Tresler appeared to have nothing left to lose.
He stumbled out of the lab, found the lift, and exited the hospital in the violet-grey light of dawn. Astoundingly, a taxi was idling at the kerb, and he got in, giving Tom's address. He had to find a few more letters; even one would help, if its contents were something other than pure torture pornography.
"He must have been awfully persuasive. He brought you round to his way of thinking – didn't he, Steenie?"
"It's hard to believe," Moriarty said. "Maybe you can enlighten me, huh? I mean, the Sherlock I know wouldn't just –" A chilling little giggle escaped him. "You're going to make me say it, aren't you? Fine. The Sherlock
He wouldn't have gone out. Sherlock wasn't as opaque as he pretended to be. He'd have told John if something new had developed…wouldn't he?
One of the doctors raised her eyebrows. Not much movement. Botox. "You've been unresponsive for half an hour, Mr. Cumberbatch. We're just being careful. How do you feel?"
"You know what I mean," Cumberbatch said. "Don't get pedantic, for fuck's sake. Your charming brother kidnapped me this afternoon, following a fish-and-chips lunch at his house during which I apparently did not behave as you would have done at all. He had a couple of thugs drag me from my taxi and inject me with a sedative, and then they took me to a torture chamber in Whitehall, and Mycroft threatened to waterboard me, or whatever, until I told him everything. So I did."
Near his stop, someone tapped him on the arm. Sherlock turned and glared down at a young woman wearing a t-shirt with a picture of a phone box. "Yes?"
She moved toward the door and tried the knob, prepared to pick it, but it swung open easily. She stepped inside, fumbled for the light, and gasped.
"Okay. 'Bye." He watched the man walk to his car. "Oh, wait a second." Jim dug his phone out and hit a few buttons. "Got something you should look at before you go." The Under-Secretary halted, but didn't turn, so Jim caught up and showed him the screen. "I
"I do," Moran said. "I have a Strad and an Andrea Amati, but this is sturdy enough for daily use." Moran gestured to a chair upholstered in primrose velvet. "Sit."
"As long as you're gone by five-thirty tomorrow morning. That's when the cleaning crews start." Enright went to a computer station and logged himself in. "Look, I don't mean to be a pest, but would you mind signing an autograph? She's going to be furious that I didn't get a photo, but my phone doesn't take them."
Benedict looked down at the phone. It wasn't Martin's sleek black iPhone. It was a Nokia, silver, a bit scratched and dented. He turned it over.
Mr Average. He didn't know how the hell he was meant to get out of this, let alone rescue Sherlock who was presumably in no shape to come up with a plan or assist him. He didn't know what Mary was up to. He hadn't permitted himself to think about how long Sherlock had been Moriarty's unwilling guest and exactly what Moriarty had done to him. Sherlock's nakedness wrenched at John. God help Moriarty if he'd –
"Mm. She acted as a go-between for families of Holocaust victims. Nothing to indicate any sort of disagreement?"
Tom snorted. "Oh, come on. Don't give me that – that puppy-dog stare, you know perfectly well what I mean.
"She might not have done at first," Sherlock said. "You were a weedy thing back then, too, weren't you, Jim? A target for bullies, that rabbity little face of yours just begging to be punched. Maybe she moved you out of England because it was the 80s, a tough time for any little Irish kid in the midst of English boys bigger and stronger than him." Sherlock was warming to his subject. "But that couldn't have been the end of the killing. You'd got a taste for it, right after the first time. You shut Carl up nicely. That was what power felt like, for the very first time in your miserable blot of a life. But you were clever, that was the problem. Weedy and clever, and the only way you could express all that helpless rage was by doing someone else in. And luckily for you, you managed to find your way into another boys' school where there had to have been a high percentage of bullies. So what was it – one per term? Maybe two or three? And your mum, eventually she started to suspect. Maybe even blamed herself. Not surprising, given the state of her marriage –" Moriarty's hand flashed out and cracked Sherlock across the face. Sherlock's head snapped back. He tasted blood on his mouth. "Not far off, was I?"
"Whew…." Tom rested his head on the cool marble tile of the wall and dropped the tissue into the toilet. So romantic. Still, it got the job done. He had a pee, washed his hands, and tiptoed back into the bedroom where Benedict was still dead to the world. Scrabbling about in the near blackness, he found his shorts, wriggled into them, and headed downstairs to the kitchen.
," Benedict snarled. He felt like crying. He and Martin had always got along like a house on fire, but this was…cruel, on top of his hallucination. Multiverse, his arse. Too much, even for a prank. "It's not funny anymore."
The light touch provoked the smallest shiver. Maybe levity was the answer. "Are you aiming to cool me down, or make me hotter?" TWH chuckled, but didn't pull away. No, instead he leant close and suckled on Sherlock's earlobe. Sherlock pulled in a quick breath and tightened his hands into fists. His cock stirred.
John closed his eyes and sighed. His hands itched, but he kept them firmly in his pockets. It was too late, anyhow….
"They…they said they'd send someone round to look into it." Sherlock sniffled again and lifted his own chin in a show of defiance. "And they will, too. Y-you'd better let us go or you'll suffer the consequences."
Through the bustle, Mycroft stood and walked toward Benedict. He held a small carbon-steel box in his hand, and as he sat beside Benedict, palpable tension rendered his movements stiff and even slightly nervous. "Mr Cumberbatch, in this box are two spherical objects. One is for you, and one is for my brother. When you make contact with him, please give him one. In order to complete the exchange, you must then make physical contact whilst holding the spheres. A simple handshake will suffice, but it's important that you maintain contact until the exchange is complete and you find yourself back in your own universe. Do you understand?"
John offered Benedict a bitter little smile. "It's not about me, and you know it better than I do. It's the game again. I don't know what the hell he wants, but it's not me. I'm just your pet."
John couldn't begin to wrap his head round a sum like that, it was so utterly improbable. In his brief reverie, after Mary had mentioned the will, he'd imagined one or two million, but in reality he thought they'd get a few thousand and they'd be lucky for it. A couple of house payments, at best, and that was nothing to sneeze at.
Not surprised, and knew Cumberbatch. Moreover, knew that TWH and Cumberbatch were at least friends. Quality of clothes, bag, specific errand – PA, then, or some other glorified underling. "No, he isn't."
"Ben." Tom wheezed a bit from the strength of Benedict's embrace. "Ben." He wrapped his arms round Benedict's body and squeezed hard, then found Benedict's mouth with his own.
He took three steps toward the path to Chelmsford Station. Then he wheeled, pushed through the still-streaming crowds, and hurried toward the grandstand.
John opened the door and held it for Benedict. He led the way down the hall and into the front room, where Jim Moriarty had seated himself in Sherlock's chair once more.
Yes. Maybe it was propitious that Sherlock had backed out, and that Mycroft hadn't revealed more. Once Sherlock had got the bit in his teeth, it was impossible to dissuade him. Best that he stay away from Moran, for the time being.
Anger and frustration and something ineffable he couldn't work out made Sherlock raise his head and meet Tom's eyes at last. He saw Tom's face crumple and immediately knew what the ineffable was. "Tom…."
"Stay long enough for a drink, at least," Tom said. He was glad to be taken out of himself for a moment. "I'll open this up."
Mary turned and grinned cheerfully at Nora. "I am. I just forgot to put my shoes on and I'm freezing. Let's get back inside." She herded Nora in, left the door open, and flapped at the still-shrilling alarm with a tea towel until the smoke dispersed and the fucking thing stopped blaring.
"God, do we have to?" John unwrapped his sandwich, a bacon, cheese, lettuce, and tomato toastie, inspected it briefly, and took an enthusiastic bite. "Mm."
"I'm still not a bad shot, even with one lamp, Mr Holmes. Might shatter your thigh, or your kneecap, and your leg's fairly dodgy already."
, as I quite clearly said. A number of weeks now. He's fine, as I also said. And I told him not to bother, as they don't appear to be the sort of letter that gets a follow-through."
Reminiscing:  the first sign of encroaching senility. Only fools and bores reminisced, looking backward instead of forward. But it wasn't the first time he'd done it since all this began, was it?
The people carrier had blacked-out windows and a tiny bar with thermoses of tea and coffee, and it was comfortable, certainly more so than the jail cell John had occupied for an hour or so after processing, but it didn't go very far to assuage John's unease. Neither the driver nor the two silent and stoic security men who accompanied him answered his questions, and John was forced to conclude that this was yet another covert Mycroft operation. At least he hoped it was. He really didn't want to visit with Jim Moriarty again. The security guards had been polite, if nearly wordless, and hadn't belted him to shut him up, so that was a start, at least.
, an impostor, a John Watson look-alike who was now striding toward him, hitching one of those absurd carryalls, this one printed with the Union Jack, over his shoulder.
Sherlock merrily ignored John and bounded up the stairs – admittedly not at top speed, but not bad. Where were his notes on Moran? In John's old room, that was it, stacked on the bed under a few layers of things. Well, a few dozen layers possibly.
He didn't want to check for tracks, not with Moriarty sitting there. His bag was under his bed, but he wasn't leaving Sherlock alone with Moriarty for the thirty seconds it would take to retrieve it. He found his pocket flash in his jacket and checked Sherlock's pupils. Sherlock's eyes shifted as if he were dreaming, and he murmured something unintelligible.
"Was, in fact, going to murder me, so the shooting, wherever it came from, was completely justifiable. But what if we gave the police incontrovertible evidence tying Jeff Hope to
Annoyed, Sherlock sat and waited for the storm of mirth to pass. "I notice you haven't answered my question."
“Save it, darling,” Martha said, holding up a hand. “I think you should go now. Go home to one of your wives. Doncaster or Dorchester would be much more convenient than Islamabad, though.”
Reluctantly, he opened the stall door and let himself out. The mirror reflected a frighteningly pale countenance and tear-reddened eyes. Benedict turned on the cold tap and splashed his face. A little better. Thank God there wasn't an attendant.
"Sherlock? You okay?" John chafed Sherlock's hands. He detected movement in his peripheral vision and snapped his head round to Moriarty. "
Benedict waited three seconds after the last footfall had died away, and then, heedless of Sherlock's dignity, rose and hurried toward John. "John."
Crimson, Mycroft turned and went to the window, drawing the curtain aside with one hand. "And you've discovered that I'm human after all – just like you. How appalling."
, darling. You scoured England, dashing back and forth like a little ferret in his little cage, back and forth and back and forth and back and forth." Moriarty grinned. "It was just to feel you out, see if you were clever enough to actually find me. Loads of fun to watch, for a while anyway. After a couple of months it just got embarrassing, though."
Best not to protest, though. When Sherlock chose, he was as slippery as slippery could be. John watched in silent admiration as Sherlock sliced through the throng and fell into step just behind the young man, overtaking him and then veering away within a few seconds. In under thirty seconds the entire caper was complete, and Sherlock was thudding onto the sofa next to John once more, grinning in triumph.
John smiled wryly. "Yeah, he said he knew Moriarty was alive and kicking. He tried to keep you out of kicking range."
"What," Tom said, and another bolt of anguish flashed through his head again. He leant forward and retched helplessly, but didn't bring anything up. "Ohh." Nausea choked him.
"Touched a nerve, did I?" Moriarty laughed, but there was no mistaking the fleeting expression of alarm on his face.
"Yeah, I know. I wanted to do it myself." John looked round, rubbing his elbow. "Jesus, I don't know where to begin though."
Benedict smiled back. Playing Sherlock opposite Martin playing John was one thing; this was different. It wasn't that he didn't dive deeply into the role – he did, he was as immersed as a working actor could conceivably be. And yet, there was always a layer of professional distraction it wasn't possible to eliminate:  nuances of gesture, of facial expression, awareness of props, hitting marks, timing dialogue. None of it was effortless, though a good enough actor made it look that way. He hoped he did. This, though….
He did wince when Molly brought Jim in – stupid, so stupid. He should have seen Jim's craftiness and deception right away. And then John's anger. It had turned out all right in the end – absurd to end where it did, when what had happened immediately afterward had been so anti-climactic:  a telephone call and Jim wandering out.
"No. I wanted you to see her, and to observe what you can. We're leaving in ten minutes. The police are due in twenty. You'll have access to the forensic lab as you please when they've gathered physical evidence, but I need you to work quickly now."
"Yes. Evidently it had surfaced briefly and is now missing again. It may have gone missing before Meredith's death, in fact. I want you to look into that."
Mary briefly met John's puzzled gaze before turning to answer. "It's called a trust fund, darling. You had a bit of money put into it when you were born, and again when you reached the age of seven. But now you have quite a bit more. Look at that."
"Oh, think nothing of it." Sherlock spooned up tomato bisque and sipped daintily. It was delicious. Mycroft had recently acquired a new cook; he must have been doing double duty on the workouts because the amazing food didn't seem to be showing up on his figure.
"No," Benedict said, and then realised how sharply he'd spoken. He opened his mouth to apologise and stopped.
“Sure,” Greg said cheerfully. “Regular saucy lot we were.” He watched Mycroft’s pink countenance turn even pinker.
Reverently, he drew the cloth back, revealing the Nicolò Amati. He drew his fingertip across the satiny golden-russet maplewood and sighed softly. There was a silver bow next to the instrument, beautifully kept and of excellent quality if not nearly as staggering as the violin.
"Thought so." A knock sounded at the door, and Sherlock rose to his feet. "Ah – food, yes?" He opened the door, extracted his money clip, and handed over a few bills. "No change, thank you." Returning to the bed, he set the carrier bags down. "Mm. Come and eat."
"I can't." John's body was still, but harsh respiration issued from his chest, as if he'd just run kilometres without stopping.
remove the tape, got it? Don't bloody delete the information or anything –" John used his teeth to tear off a bit of electrical tape and plastered it over the sockets.
"Yep. Shut up." He listened. "Good. Excellent. Temperature next." He pushed Sherlock's hair away from his brow and swiped the thermometer. Sherlock watched him intently, unmoving, his lips tightly pressed together. John met his eyes for a second, then looked away, taking his hand from Sherlock's head and turning his attention to the thermometer. "Thirty-six point seven, that's good. Blood pressure." He busied himself with the cuff, wrapping it round Sherlock's arm and pumping. "One-seventeen over sixty-five. Nice. Let me look at your pupils, then you can go back to sleep." He turned on his phone light. "This is going to be a bit bright." He shone the light into Sherlock's eyes, watching their response. The enlarged one seemed a bit smaller than before, judging from the little hazel blot on Sherlock's iris that John used as a measurement, and both reacted to the light. "Good. How's your headache?"
This was getting old and remarkably tedious. Bad enough that he'd had to find his way to TWH's house – not that it had been difficult, mind, just a quick Google to find Tom's agency and ring them up, then slather on a sickly-sweet layer of charm like meringue on a cake.
that in an interview that had probably been a drive-by shout, actually, but the papers still speculated, and it was fun to tease Sherlock about it. But it wasn't a love affair, it was friendship. A bromance. No homo.
"Yeah, her aunt. Trish, or Patricia I guess. She died just a little over a week ago. I guess she came to see Mary because she was sick and wanted to reconnect."
He'd always trusted his senses, and he wasn't injured; he'd be able to tell if he were. His brain was working normally – rapidly he scanned the sea of faces in front of him and focused on the blonde woman who'd tried to soothe him. Clearly in charge since everyone had obeyed her immediately when she'd told them to move, also no ID hanging from a lanyard round her neck like most of the others, therefore high up enough not to have to wear one. Short nails, chipped lacquer, bit of gunge at the quick; not afraid to get her hands dirty once in a while, casual but smart clothes, expensive tennis shoes. Two children, two cats, and a dog, staying in a hotel but brought her own candles to get the staleness out of the room.
Benedict poked Tom in the side as Tom fumbled with his lock. "Weren't you cheeky!" he exclaimed. "Calling me darling. The internet's going to have a field day with that."
"Yeah, it's, er, Ormonde," Sherlock said. He'd picked it out of a collection in Cumberbatch's loo. Not really a fragrance-wearer, he'd still scoffed at the practise of keeping fragrance in a loo – even in a closed cabinet, worst possible place to store it.
"Nothing." John gave a short bark of a laugh. "Three days in here, we're probably going to end up killing each other."
A heavy sigh hissed over the phone. "Very well. Am I on speaker-phone? Take me off at once, I detest that."
Sherlock thought for a moment, then probed as delicately as he could, against the cold whisper telling him to keep his gob shut. "So she likes her work?"
"Not at all. I want a word with you." Mycroft followed Sherlock into the flat, sniffed fastidiously, and grimaced. "You should invest in a cleaning team."
John emerged from one corridor, breathing hard, his face ashen. "Sherlock. The kitchen." Without another word, he turned and ran off, leaving Sherlock to follow.
"They're so…credulous. Is that the word? I mean, just now, they were so hopeful. It was really something, you know?"
"I'd heard, yes. An unsurprising event, but one I'd hoped to stave off for a while, at least. Miss Adler would have been a rich fount of information."
"No. Don't. Stay there. If she calls, fine. If not…well, as some piece of trash literature once said:  be sure your sin will find you out. If you have pertinent news, let me know. If not, don't bother me again."
John settled Rosie into his old bed. It was, true to Sherlock’s word, neat as a pin, empty except for the bed and the small chest of drawers that had fit John’s entire wardrobe. He leant down, kissed her forehead – only slightly warm now – and crept out.
"When Mycroft first proposed coming here today, I suggested the use of hydrogen cyanide. I thought it was poetic justice, given your involvement in exploiting the tragic legacy of that smuggled artwork. But Mycroft argued against it. Lucky you."
He swung back on the motorway to London and drove in silence for a while. Traffic was heavier, and the going was slower, so he eased up on the accelerator accordingly, though the temptation to weave the sleek little car through the mass of machinery was strong. He felt the adrenaline draining from his body and the onset of exhaustion and mild letdown that often followed a case. True, there was nothing much more to investigate, though working out exactly how many people he'd killed and how would have been diverting, but it was the only really interesting thing that had happened in the last few days and he wouldn't have minded sticking with it a bit longer. Inter-universe travel was duller than he'd have guessed, not that he'd given it much thought. If he was stuck here for a while longer, he'd have to find something else to divert him.
"Yeah." John was looking at him, that old expression that Sherlock had cherished even when he didn't realise it. "Yeah, of course."
Mycroft thought Meredith would have approved of the way he'd managed the sordid affair of the stolen art. Each piece they'd rescued was headed either to families who'd owned them at the time of their seizure, or to museums, guided by appropriate cultural liaisons. Except for the Rembrandt. There had been no family to claim it, and so Mycroft had asked for the piece himself, as a memento in lieu of the not-unimpressive reward that the Crown had offered him for services rendered, et cetera. Upon his death it would pass to the National Gallery.
The blood surged in Sherlock's veins. He grinned, ran back upstairs, and began searching Tom's bedroom for the incriminating letters. He tore Tom's room apart – nothing, damn it. Back downstairs, to the much-used front room. Lots of mail stacked on a desk. Just one – ah! There, the one he'd showed Sherlock the other day. Same odours of dog and chicken tikka. Back downstairs to scoop up the little flowered carpet in front of the door and throw it in a bin bag along with the letter and the plastic container of tainted ice melt.
"Aren't you a doctor? Haven't you got a life separate from his?" Maisie pushed a curly lock of hair away from her face. "I like you, John. You're a nice guy. But you don't need Sherlock to make you interesting. You're fine on your own."
Four hours later, he'd located an American Bowie knife (murder weapon, he'd meant to return it to the Met ages ago), one of his Moroccan slippers (he'd tossed its mate out last year), a tennis ball (another murder weapon, one of dozens, used to dispatch a moderately well-known tennis pro. The murderer had cleverly injected the balls with Aspergillus fumigatus spores, released when the pro's racquet had struck the balls. Unfortunately, the murderer was the pro's manager and had neglected to wear gloves, and they'd both succumbed to the fungus. Idiot), a yellow sippy cup that had belonged to Nora Watson, a Carolingian silver denier (gift of a grateful client), a grey silk high-heeled shoe (origin unclear), several packs of elderly cigarettes, and two hundred twenty-seven pounds and assorted change. Pity the place wasn't much cleaner, and the muttering in his knee had ratcheted to a high-pitched whine, but it had been a fun afternoon.
"You mentioned a hoax the other day. And Richard Brook." Moriarty's voice had gone quiet, edged with molten rage. "Who's Richard Brook?"
His breath whistled out of his lungs as he ran, his feet splashing in freezing puddles of filth that didn't bear thinking about. The path ahead of him dipped downward into utter blackness, but that was fine; he knew every last scrap of Finsbury Park like the back of his hand. The tube station wasn't far away, and that was reassuring. Less reassuring were the pounding footsteps behind him, gaining on him. Five men, two decidedly armed.
The tepid-bath closeness of the afternoon air engulfed him the moment he stepped outside. Revolting, particularly at this latitude. This universe's global-warming crisis must have been a much grimmer reality than his own. He sniffed:  the usual mélange of fuel exhaust, cooking odours, simmering rubbish, and the perfumed, soaped, or unwashed smell of human bodies. Not much different – just hotter. Awful.
"Sherlock is very busy," Mary said, "and I don't want you to be disappointed if he doesn't turn up, Nora. But if he does come, you'll address him as Mr Holmes. Politely. Understood?"
More comfort seemed to be in order. John hugged her closer and kissed her cheek. "Sorry, darling. I know you were just getting to know her again."
"Yeah. You're surprised? The only friend you've ever had in your life, the only person outside your terrifying brother that you haven't driven away, and you hardly…do you know that he took care of me, even when I was flipping the fuck out because of
"Jesus," John muttered. As if he was a fucking ogre, tearing her away from her daughter. No, fuck that. Anyone mad enough to send a photo of a decapitated woman to Mary via Royal Mail courier was mad enough to take further steps down the road. No, Mary would have to leave, and he hoped whoever was watching her saw her leave. He could take care of Nora himself. Still, might not be a bad idea to hole up in a hotel for a while.
Apprehension unspooled itself in John's stomach. He should have come alone as Moriarty had instructed. He'd told the agents the content of the last text, and they'd only shrugged in response. "Henreid."
Molly gazed longingly at a rack of fluffy party dresses. “I haven’t really got anywhere to wear things like that.”
"Want some company? I can call for a pizza." It wasn't Loo, granted – Loo was extroverted and funny and loads more confident than Molly Hooper, but it was friendly companionship, more than Benedict had right now.
"I'm happy to wait until you're finished chewing," John replied, doing his best to keep a bite from his words. None of this was Nora's fault.
Benedict felt his hands shaking and gripped the back of the chair harder. He forced himself to look at her face. Her eyes were closed (
"Yeah, what – five? Turns out she had more in a Swiss account. And she had this friend – it's a long story, but this friend, colleague, left her all
He moved to the other side of the bed and bound TWH's right wrist. His own cock pushed insistently against the fitted boxer briefs, and he felt wetness at the tip. Moving faster, he bound Tom's ankles to the rails, making the knots tight, stretching Tom's legs as far apart as he could – not the easiest task as the man appeared to be seventy-five percent leg. Fortunately it was a very large bed, and at last Tom was spread-eagled and helpless. His eyes were closed, and he was pulling in deep breaths through his nose.
"Says the man who takes half-hour long showers." John went into the bathroom and closed the door. In a moment Benedict heard tinny music filtering through the door, the sound of running water, and slightly off-key singing. Yazoo, sounded like.
John's phone was battered and outdated and desperately uncool, according to Nora, but it was still perfectly serviceable. There were also a few hundred photos on it, about half of them of Mary, and Nora scrolled through them over and over until the battery had flashed low and John had had to beg for a charger at the nurses' station. One of them kindly phoned down to IT and found one that was compatible, and since then – hours ago – Nora had sat with the thing plugged into the wall and scrolled endlessly through the pictures when they weren't allowed in the ICU. John supposed it wasn't the healthiest behaviour, maybe even was pathological.
"I realise it's been a long time," Mycroft said, "but this is a rather large favour, you understand." Slowly, he crossed the room – a state room, almost, ridiculous in its quasi-Baroque/Victorian splendour – and stood in front of Benedict.
Bitterly, he wondered if Sherlock was availing himself of Tom's proximity, and whether Tom had twigged yet. He climbed out of bed and went to the door, absently scratching himself, then opened it a crack.
"Yeah, complete loss of consciousness," John said. "I thought it was ordinary syncope at first, and then when it happened again, I thought maybe it was a heart issue, and then I just started to panic. I…is Sherlock okay?"
Benedict gasped a little as the gates opened, and they drove through silently, past red-coated guardsmen, past black-clad security detail, past stone edifices that he'd only seen distantly or on television.
Benedict stopped in his tracks at the familiar and feminine voice. He waited until the soft touch fell on his back to turn around, then looked with a sort of breathless relief at Molly Hooper, her hair in a messy knot atop her head, a plastic sack of what looked like lab coats slung over her back. Her smile was so warm and full of brimming affection that Benedict couldn't help smiling in return. "Heading to the laundrette?"
Two clean-suited lab techs stood outside the door, staring at Benedict and John with hostile expressions. Benedict half-wished Anderson were one of them – at least he knew the rhythm of Sherlock and Anderson's relationship. Though admittedly, Sherlock and Anderson's relationship could probably be duplicated several times over with any number of techs. Or police officers. Or anyone.
"Yet here we are." Mycroft extracted two cigarettes from a chased-silver case and offered one to Sherlock, who accepted. He lit them both and drew deeply. "What do you think of the stones?"
"I'm sure if Mycroft's half the genius he is on the programme, he'll get you home in no time." Tom's hand squeezed Sherlock's arm. His eyes were full of warmth.
He pulled Sherlock into his arms again. Between kisses, he made free with his hands, touching and caressing, drinking in Sherlock's body through his fingertips. He tried to be tender, but there was hardly room for tenderness or tranquility. John devoured Sherlock's mouth, stroking warm flesh trapped in crisp cotton, summer-weight wool. Unwilling to break contact, he urged Sherlock into the front room and dragged him to the sagging sofa, lying half on, half off his taut body. His prick throbbed, hard and needful. Sherlock arched his body upward, grinding against John's crotch, rutting.
"Not a lot," Sherlock said. "One of those reclusive, anti-social tech types. Shuns publicity except for a few company dos, talks through the corporate mouthpiece. Photo…." Sherlock pulled up a picture of Dedalus on his phone, a slight blond man in his mid-thirties or thereabouts, wearing sunglasses, dark cuffed jeans and a battered tweed jacket, unsmiling but waving to the camera. "No spouse or companion, no children. Typical."
"Oh, I'd love that!" Tom said, digging into his prawns with enthusiasm. "I'm looking at a few projects right now, and there are some tempting offers. Let's sit down and talk about it soon." He smiled at Sherlock. "That's a great idea, don't you think?"
"Christ. Maybe I like you after all." Conran shook his head again and slipped the weapon back into his trousers.
"Oh –" Sherlock lunged forward and kissed John hard. Their teeth banged together gracelessly, but Sherlock paid it no mind. "I see." He wrapped John in his arms, felt John's arms surrounding him in turn, and the lump of scar tissue that had passed for a heart, pressing coldly against the insides of his chest for four years, began to beat with purpose again. He kissed John's neck and buried his face in John's shoulder, his breath shuddering through his body. "John. John." John didn't speak; he crushed Sherlock close, his respiration harsher still, and Sherlock realised that he was weeping. "John –" he said softly, faltering, feeling tightness in his own throat, prickling in his eyes, and a hazy, wondering gratitude. This couldn't last – decidedly not – but he would treasure it as the great fleeting gift it was. "John."
He tried to shout for help, but someone planted a thick hand over his mouth and he was dragged into another car. His field of vision narrowed and greyed, and when he tried to fight, he was pinned and held and smothered, and his consciousness dimmed and faded altogether.
Sherlock examined the clean spot. There was a plain hook in the centre of the square. No evidence of violence in its removal; it looked as if someone had simply lifted it off. Any restorer who got his or her hands on it, though, would probably have a coronary event when they saw the years and layers of cigarette smoke they'd have to remove.
"So it seems. The past few days have been moderately enlightening, John, but they also beg the question of why you choose to stay on, other than my razor-edged mental capacity, my knack of finding the best possible work in London, and the cheap rent."
"Anyhow, no point writing that one up – it only took fifteen minutes. You're going to have to look for something more challenging."
care about some lives, at least – John's (all right, perhaps he was absolute pants at showing it, but he did care, if John's affection meant anything at all. And Benedict had known it, and had let that little dagger fly because he was furious at Sherlock's obnoxiousness in that creepy white void), Mrs. Hudson's, Lestrade's. Mycroft, if he was pushed to the limit. But he couldn't say anything; it would be far too touchy-feely for Sherlock Holmes.
He swiped fiercely at his eyes, but the tears came nonetheless. A choked sob emerged from his throat, and he clapped a hand over his mouth.
The techs glared sullenly. "Go on," Lestrade said. "Give him a pair." One tech moved to a portable kit and produced a pair, handing them over.
"Those injections can be tricky," John said. "Do you want me to come with you, see you home?" He closed his mouth with a snap.
A blazing-hot flush crept up Sherlock's neck. "Naturally. He accompanied me home after my injection."
"You missed it, your old life." Mary was silent, and John took that as affirmation. "Sherlock was right about that too." He put his face in his hands, but the tears wouldn't come. "I can't," he said, and took his hands away. "I can't do this anymore."
Thank Christ that certain involuntary physical reactions – a sudden quickening of the heart, for instance – were invisible. "Hey. Come on in."
"Why wouldn't it be?" Sherlock let Tom in, noting that the sky was darkening. Autumn was coming with its crisp days and chilly nights. Statistically, fewer murders were committed in autumn, but there was always a pleasant anomaly now and then.
"No, come on in." Tom let him in and shut the door. "I was about to go to bed, actually. I'm knackered." He yawned in the middle of the sentence. "Sorry. God, rude."
Sherlock crawled back onto the bed, his body heavy with food and wine and weariness. Naturally Tom didn't want to sleep with him after he'd discovered the truth. Sherlock would have felt the same way. Not that he had anybody to sleep with on a regular basis.
“You used to be, I’ll bet,” Greg replied, noticing for the first time that Mycroft’s hair was a bit damp, as if he’d combed it down with water only a few moments ago. Interesting. “What was it like, a Holmes family Christmas?”
"God, Peter, don't be such a twit!" Fiona said, displaying the first bit of backbone Sherlock had seen all evening. "Sorry, Benedict. You
"Wait." John was on his knees, crouched behind the desk. He pulled out a square parcel roughly the size of a chessboard, wrapped in a fragment of ragged wool. "This smells like cigarettes."
The footsteps returned, and Henry came in with a knife, a large watering can, filled judging from the way he was carrying it, and another tea towel slung over his shoulder. He smiled at Tom.
"I see," John said, dismayed. Christ, disco party buses at the age of ten? "Wouldn't you prefer something different?"
And a huge, massive thank you to everyone who read this to the end. Whether you were onboard from the very beginning, or whether you started a little later, reading despite some content that was outside your comfort zone, I appreciate it, and I thank you from the bottom of my heart. This fic was a treat to write, and sharing it and reading feedback has given me immense joy.
"I don't think she knew as much as she pretended to. It was all for protection." Benedict thought of his scornful treatment of her and his face burned with chagrin and regret.
"So the PA called you to clean up. Obviously Lady Howe was in the middle of something big. What did the two of you talk about?"
had happened to his hair? It had…ballooned. There was no other word for it. Half of it stuck out from his head in a sort of mad aureole, and the other half was plastered to his forehead. He stuck his fingers in it and gave it his usual quick tousle, but that did absolutely nothing.
"Mm, not yet. I need immediate administration of kisses before I succumb to hypothermia." John puckered his lips. Nora planted a loud kiss on John's mouth and rubbed her nose against his. "I think it's working. One more." He hugged Nora tightly and kissed her fragrant hair. "Did you have a good day at school?"
"Yeah. Yeah." John turned back to the table, rummaging through the PA's possessions. "The two of us against the world," he murmured.
He debated for approximately four seconds, then sat down and typed his own name into the YouTube search bar.
It was past time for lunch, but John wasn't hungry, and he couldn't bring himself to go out and speak to Ben, nice as he seemed to be. Though who the fuck was he to give love advice? He didn't know John at all, and he
"Mm-hm." His heart pounding, John went into the kitchen to make the sandwich. He paused in the centre of the corridor and pressed his hands to his overheated face.
Sherlock bit his lip to keep from smirking. Burgess Method indeed, as if Henry was that original. Original killers came along every fifty years, if that. And obviously Henry had lived with the odour of corpses so long that he'd become desensitised to it. Any officer worth his salt would recognise it the moment he stepped into the cellar. Covertly, moving only his hand, he began sawing delicately at the tape that bound his wrists. "It was you. The letters."
Sherlock grasped his hand, yanked him up, and pulled him from the room and down the corridor. "Left. Left!" They ducked into the morning room and took refuge between the wall and a large piece of furniture, possibly a sideboard, draped in a sheet. Sherlock motioned John down and crouched himself, and his knee gave way. He thumped to the floor ungracefully.
Benedict couldn't read her face. She seemed sad, but…was she upset that they hadn't gone further? Regretful that they'd progressed as far as they had? Guilty because of Jim? He hadn't a fucking clue. "You know, in another life, we'd probably be fantastic and smouldery together."
Her fingers found his trousers and unbuttoned, unzipped, and fumbled a bit, and his cock was freed from its confinement of fabric. Sherlock stifled a groan as she rubbed, and then did groan as her arms and legs trapped him even more thoroughly. He closed his eyes, grabbed her arse harder, wanting to be overcome, pinned to the floor, rutting, teeth closing on his throat and John whispering exactly what was going to happen into Sherlock's ear, and –
"I told you –" Henry quickly wrapped rope around Tom's ankles, binding them tightly. "Shut up. I'm going to catch a few hours of sleep, and so are you. Can't have you making too much noise." He regarded Tom in silence for a moment. "Yeah."
"Understand? Of course you don't. Perhaps you should ask your wife. She seems well-acquainted with Mr Moriarty."
They sat in silence for a while. Boccherini slipped into Vivaldi, and it rippled through the air in imperfect but still harmonious counterpoint to the crickets singing in the garden.
"What do you care?" Benedict stepped hard on his steadily encroaching fear. It was physically loathsome to be this close to Moriarty. He smelled of a decent men's cologne, starched cotton, and mint gum, but the combination was noxious, stomach-churning.
Sherlock shook his head. "That was Molly. They found atropine and pralidoxime in Meredith Howe's blood. It was –" Sherlock gestured toward the inside of his arm. "It was administered intravenously. A sizeable amount, apparently, but not enough to save her."
For a moment Mycroft simply watched her, cataloguing each movement. When he'd had enough, he stepped forward. "Lady Howe."
"No, but she didn't rush to get rid of the painting, did she? And surely she couldn't have been totally unaware of its provenance." He stopped at a door and knocked loudly. "She's probably deaf."
"Oh." Jim compressed his lips and nodded. "Okay, I get it." He blew out a breath, puffing his cheeks, and let his shoulders slump a little. "Well, I'm not going to pretend that doesn't sting a little." He smiled at the Under-Secretary. "But I guess we're even, so…."
"Okay!" She pounded down the stairs – amazing that a small girl could make so much noise – and sat at the table, wearing John's old shrunken jumper. "Can I have juice?"
For one bizarre, half-giddy moment, John thought that Mary was going to ask him for a divorce. In a flash he saw himself in a tidy little flat, getting Nora half-time, working at the surgery. What the hell, maybe he'd call Sherlock again. Old times' sake.
"That's good to know," Benedict said truthfully. He and Martin had cooked up an approximation of what Sherlock and John's domestic life might be like, but in their version, John was the responsible financial party. Interesting that it was the other way round.
"Like brother, like brother," John said. "He'd never manage with your homeless network, though. They'd probably jam that brolly up his arse."
They'd got lucky with Nora, hadn't they? She was physically healthy, bright, happy-hearted, no emotional issues thus far. If he split with Mary – no,
John nodded. "Yeah. I got Colleen Maddox to fill in for me. You haven't got anything on, have you? You're not headed anywhere?"
Sherlock jumped and glared to cover his startlement. Mycroft had long ago perfected the art at entering and leaving without fuss; doubtless he'd heard a great many incriminating conversations that way. It was a quality of his that Sherlock had emulated, obviously without saying a word to him about it. He didn't need a head more swollen than it already was. "God! I've been waiting ages, Your Lordship."
The screen still gleamed whitely up at him. Without actually touching its smooth, gleaming face, he moved his thumb over it in perfect muscle memory.
"Henry, what the fuck – stop, stop!" A hard hand connected with the side of his head, leaving him dizzy.
"Yeah, it's gone." Tresler gestured carelessly to the clean spot on the wall. She moved to a mauve damask curtain and jerked it open. A shaft of pale sunlight brightened the room, not flatteringly, Sherlock noted. Dust motes danced frantically in the air, and the poor condition of the furnishings was in glaring evidence now. Sherlock glanced round the room and saw stacks of dirty dishes, crumpled tissues, containers of pills, empty glasses, a bin bag in the kitchen doorway half-filled with gin bottles. "Five weeks ago, right before Christmas."
"I won't play games," Sherlock croaked. "If this is one of the Morans, I know your voices. If it's Dedalus, come out and face me."
"If at all." John was determined not to send Nora away. He'd known people with money, shuffling their kids off to boarding schools and eventually developing the same sort of relationship with them that a sturgeon had with one of its millions of eggs. He wasn't about to let that happen to his daughter. He wanted to watch her grow up, not hear about it in a fucking text message.
John put the phone close to his nose. "Oh. Oh, Christ." If it wasn't his, it looked…no, it was his. No mistake.
Lucy leant over her brown shrimp and white cabbage, displaying a great deal of breastbone. "I'd guess we probably have
"Really makes you want to seize the moment." Sherlock didn't respond. "Or not." Sherlock frowned more deeply. "Sherlock?"
But he couldn't go down that road again, endless and strewn with pitfalls as it was, providing neither shade nor rest. Last night he'd tantalised himself with thoughts of Sherlock – specifically, with thoughts of ripping off Sherlock's clothes and the two of them going at it with grinding, sweating urgency, the sort of porny groping and gasping they'd never indulged in, because there hadn't been time for exploration before everything had gone to hell. Eventually John had had to go into the loo for a quick and silent wank. Mary had been asleep, and it would have been weird and wrong to wake her for a fuck.
"Hi." Sherlock swept his evidence back into the bin bag and got to his feet. His body trembled with fatigue and he was dimly conscious of a knot of hunger pressing into his belly, but he ignored it. "Just on my way out." He logged off the computer, snapped the microscope off, but left the slides scattered on the trays he'd located. Didn't need them now. Now all he had to do was find out who in Farnham would want to kidnap Tom.
John came back from the loo, and Benedict arranged his features into an expression of deadpan boredom. He would have preferred to give John a friendly smile, but he didn't want to break character, and oddly, he didn't want to unnerve John, who already seemed a bit suspicious that something was amiss. Unless that was Benedict's paranoia. Maybe.
"God." John shook his head. "See any clues? Anything particularly interesting?" He poked his finger at a hi-fi system from the mid-Fifties. "Look at all those records."
, not ignoring the issue. Christ. Arsehole! If they met again, Benedict was going to have some extremely strong words for his counterpart.
From most men that would be a bit of chest-thumping, an assertion of manhood, but from John it was a simple statement of fact. And it was true that if Moriarty wanted to grab John and Nora, some posh hotel in the centre of London wouldn't stop him. He'd once had a South Korean diplomat snatched in the middle of Harrods, and no-one had blinked an eye. She'd have to trust John at his word.
Benedict thrust forward, careful not to bang Tom's head into the wall. For a moment he wished he'd chosen the bed; he wanted to be face-to-face with Tom, to kiss him and cling to him. But there'd be time for that. He felt Tom's muscles clenching round him and moaned.
“Fuck,” he groaned. He set the phone down and turned out the light. Belatedly, he remembered he hadn’t found the star for the tree.
Thirty seconds passed – enough time for Henry to get up the stairs – before Tom broke down and wept. Shaking, he prayed that someone would work out that he'd disappeared. He bitterly regretted his contretemps with Benedict and wished he'd stayed, demanded an explanation and an apology instead of storming off. One infidelity, especially as they hadn't really settled any questions, wasn't the end of the world. Henry's implacable, bewildering, methodical malice, on the other hand….
It was mad, beyond mad. Life was going on all around him whilst he was trapped, and he was utterly terrified. If he walked out the door and went back to John and Lestrade, then what? Would his presence disrupt events to their detriment too? He saw Lestrade caught in crossfire, John mowed down by a van, or attacked by enemies of Sherlock's, brutally murdered as Benedict stood by, helpless, shaking the foundations of Sherlock's existence by what he'd thought was an innocuous occupation of space.
"Yeah." John tried to give her a cheerful what-the-hell grin, but failed. "Hey – whatever you want to talk about. That's fine with me."
"Mm, thought so. How'd you smuggle it in? One of your buddies drop it in the post for you? Or did you bring it in shoved up your bum?"
John signed and took the envelope. "Thanks. 'Night." He closed the door and looked at the return, a Tower Hamlets address he didn't recognise. No name. Tearing the plastic with a fingernail, he opened it and withdrew another envelope with a hand-written message.
"Annalise, in fact." Mycroft offered Sherlock a glacial smile. "It seems she has a rather colourful and chequered past."
Jim spared John an irritated glare, then turned back to Sherlock. It wasn't possible, was it? He couldn't see it. Granted, Sherlock hadn't always been attractive. He'd grown into his face, so much more interesting now with its hollows and prominences, the little character lines that had been ten or so years in the making. He saw a little pearly thread of grey amongst the dark curls here and there, that was nice. The eyebrows were a little out of control, but they suited him. His dress sense had improved immeasurably over time, except for the scarf – that was just dumb. You couldn't have everything.
Henry let Sherlock's hair go and straightened up, folding his arms and grinning. "And did you call the police, Benedict?"
sake." Sherlock was breathing hard, clearly furious – but there was a quaver in his voice that sounded like fear. He wasn't afraid, was he?
Moriarty's smirk gentled. "Your luck's run out, honey." The car drew to a stop in front of an unprepossessing little house, scarcely visible in the early dawn. Moriarty got out, and the two men in front exited the car as well.
"Years now. Years. You've always been so self-contained. I admired it, I don't mind telling you. Just a pretty robot, running here and there and driving that parade of flatmates out one by one, ever since uni.  Some of them were so ridiculously
Still trying to gather breath, Sherlock merely met Moriarty's gaze. It was enough, he thought, not to look away at the moment.
Sherlock went into his room and dropped his bag on the floor and placed the box on the bed. He pulled his phone out. "Oh, bugger." He'd kept John's by mistake.
About Sherlock. Now that Benedict had the luxury of time, he turned the Sherlock problem over in his head. How was he getting on? And that little crack about Tom – what the hell had
The butler, major-domo, indentured servant, whatever, sniffed audibly and surveyed Sherlock with distaste. "I'm afraid Lord Moran isn't receiving visitors, sir. If you'd care to leave your card –"
TWH stood and casually tossed the rope onto the bed where they gleamed darkly against the ochre sheets. He unbuttoned and unzipped the jeans hanging low on his narrow hips and stepped out of them, displaying his flushed and erect cock.
John slowly took the card from Sherlock's hand. "Wait, wait – you said that Lord Moran was instrumental in the IRA back-door talks in the 90s."
John, was doing at that moment. If Cumberbatch was as involved as he claimed to be, then possibly, just possibly he could hold it together long enough for another switch to take place.
Benedict stole glances at John from time to time, but John was wholly absorbed in his book, or affected to be. His eyes moved back and forth as if he were reading, at least. Benedict finished his breakfast at a gallop, ahead of John. He got up and took his plate and cup to the sink. He saved the cup for another helping and gathered up the soiled cooking pans, putting them to soak. John had finished, so Benedict deftly scooped up his plate. "More tea?"
John hung his coat and muffler and went into the kitchen, lifting the lid of the pot on the range. Steam bathed his face, along with the fragrance of simmering sauce. "Yum." He put the bottle in the fridge and went to the bedroom, where Mary sat on the bed in a jumble of boxes and carrier bags, a bemused expression on her face. "What's all this?"
Lady FitzSimmons' eyes narrowed, and two vertical lines appeared between sharply pencilled brows. "No, he isn't. And even if he were, you wouldn't be welcome here, Mr Holmes."
Now he was lying on TWH's couch after yet another very dull stalker letter – it was telling that the writer had chosen to send the missive directly to Tom's rather than the agency, but not very interesting, and his initial excitement had long dimmed. God knew Sherlock had received a good deal of hate mail, some of it violent, and yes, once or twice the writers of those letters had tried to make good on their threats, but he'd always managed to outwit them, or John had been there to help out, and they'd never got the best of him. And those letters had been more imaginative than the deluge of written torture pornography in the two communiques he'd seen. This stalker with his cigarettes and his lonely habits wasn't worth a second thought, though obviously Sherlock had to make it seem as if he cared.
Violet was silent for a while, watching the reflective road signs glow and rush past. “You’re a good man, Sig,” she murmured at last. “I don’t know why you put up with me.”
"Three minutes, give or take a few seconds. Of course, I was out myself and only came to a few moments ago. Electrical shock." The man shrugged and examined his hands. "No burns, though. Interesting."
John looked back at Moriarty, doing his best not to be unnerved by the familiar voice issuing from that altered face. "Yeah."
The smile disappeared entirely. "It varies from guarantor to guarantor. Remuneration can be netted against the final purchase price – we state that quite clearly on our catalogues. And in any case, I'm afraid that information is confidential. We're a private firm, Mr Holmes, and not obliged to disclose our financials."
Take Sherlock, for example. John wasn't sure he wanted to know every nuance of Sherlock's personality – he was a bit of a nutter anyhow, and who knew the whole of what was hidden behind that arrogant and brilliant exterior? There had been moments, though:  little moments, usually when it was just the pair of them, not dashing about solving crimes, but in the quiet spaces of their ordinary lives – a laugh, a grin that was somehow a bit goofy and attractive at once, not the public I-know-more-than-I'm-letting-on-but-you'll-be-hearing-about-it-momentarily smirk that Sherlock wielded with surgical precision, a mundane remark about fetching laundry or making supper that would have been commonplace coming from anybody else, but from Sherlock – it was hard to explain, but those little gestures and remarks were different. Somehow.
What melodrama. Benedict opened his eyes again and saw Sherlock crouching over him, wearing his favourite grey t-shirt and tracksuit bottoms. There was a huge bruise on his cheek, spreading up toward his eye. Benedict frowned. "Uh."
Sherlock forced his body to relax against the threat wrapped round him so intimately. He took a silent breath. The mingled smell of mint gum and expensive cologne drilled a hole into Sherlock's olfactory nerve. "Jim."
Sherlock breathed a sigh of relief and idly examined the room. Not to his taste, but it wasn't bad, for a pampered television star. He opened a door and saw a walk-in closet-cum-dressing room (part of the renovation, obviously, as no Hampstead house's original plan featured a closet this size, unless it had been a servant's room – possible but unlikely), with a row of suits – mostly dark, some dove grey, one flashy Prince of Wales check, and a ghastly sort of cornflower blue – and banks of dark, polished drawers rising nearly to the ceiling. Outerwear:  leather, wool, tweed, a terrible salmon-pink striped blazer. Rows of shoes – good God, was that black sequins on one pair? – and several pair of Converse trainers, some desert boots, some motorbike boots, a few hats on a flat shelf, a rack of ties.
Benedict gazed hungrily at the food, but forbore from sitting down. Maybe John had invited one of the strapping security guards in, a little sauce for the goose. "That smells nice," he ventured.
John turned his attention to Moriarty. "Why don't you tell me what your business is, and I'll tell him."
"Oh, stop whinging, for fuck's sake. You're all right." Henry crouched beside Tom and untied the rope from round his head. "Come on," he said, patting Tom's cheek. "Get hold of yourself."
he split with Mary – what sort of damage would that incur? He'd love her no less no matter what, but he didn't want to cause some sort of downward mental health spiral.
There were ways to cope. He'd let the agency know, and the police. Maybe purchase some extra security measures for the house. He'd talk to his more famous friends. And Ben, of course. Ben had received some rather odd letters from fans, and he took them in stride, mostly by crumpling them up and throwing them away. Tom smiled as he shimmied into his softest jeans and t-shirt – too early to dress for dinner. Benedict could be twitchy and over-analytical about his own problems, but he was wonderfully soothing and reasonable and giving of himself when it came to solving someone else's. It was a marvellous quality, one of his most endearing.
"Yeah, as it happens. I can challenge you, Sherlock. More than John, more than your pals down at NSY, even more than that poky-arse brother of yours. You and I can make nations rise and fall, Sherlock. We can take what we want, and do what we will, and nobody can stop us once we get started. Your friends don't push you. You're getting stale, Sherlock – lazy and complacent. Solving tawdry little murders, thefts, kidnappings – God, who
be, if he got the opportunity to go back and tell him all about it. But if he didn't get that opportunity….
Sherlock ran upstairs to the bedroom. The bed was made, the room in the same disorder he'd seen yesterday. The clothes Tom had worn to lunch were scattered along the floor, as if he'd begun shedding clothes at the door and stopped when he hit the wall. Indication of commonplace slovenliness or emotional turmoil – second option likely. No evidence of a second presence. He went to the bed, examined the pillows, saw strands of his own hair on them as well as Tom's – nobody else's. No revenge orgies, then.
There was no-one lurking in the front, thank goodness; the tabloids weren't shy about staking out celebrity homes, and snapshots of Tom leaving alone in the morning wearing ratty warm-ups wouldn't do either him or Benedict any favours.
"No, I'm okay –" John struggled to sit up, but Sherlock put a restraining hand on his shoulder. "What are you going to do?"
"This is one of them. Look, John, whatever happens –" Sherlock rose to his feet, looking tired. "John, stop pacing."
Sherlock fell forward, his palms slapping wetly against a black-and-white hexagonally tiled floor. Water cascaded onto his back, his head, dripped into his eyes. He blinked, glanced up at the expensive rainfall showerhead, the recessed lights in the ceiling, and leant back against the cool tiled wall.
He shrieked as loudly as he could, and when the light came on, blinding him though it was only that dim yellowish bulb, he flinched back but kept shouting, nearly hysterical with fear.
"We'll have a word with him." Henry looked at his watch. "We'd better dash. His Nibs here is going to be late. Look here, tell Benedict we're sorry, would you? If we get to see him again, we'll tell him as well."
"Obviously. Yeah." John exhaled. "You and your sodding ego." He was quiet for a moment, then said, "You were different."
John seated himself in the chair next to Sherlock. "If she comes back with another box of Nazi stuff, I'm gone."
"Oh, that's funny." Some wag had found a voice recording to prank him. Dirty trick to play on a guy who'd just got a shock serious enough to knock him unconscious. "Hilarious. Look, I
Sherlock cried out as he released, a shuddering orgasm that froze him to the spot. He held perfectly still, conscious that Brealey had pulled away from him, but kept his eyes closed. He'd said it, hadn't he? Even if it had only been in his head.
"I love it. And you left the hair slop off as well. Wise move." He held Sherlock away. "Ben. About last night –"
John's brow laddered. "So do you, for cases. I've seen it lots of times." He paused. "But not for personal gain, I'll admit. Sherlock, I think I'm working out your personal code of ethics."
Sherlock strode down the street. Not a cab in sight, damn it – he wasn't walking to central London, though if he didn't find one, there was always the tube. He stopped and waited. Cars zoomed past, billowing exhaust, noisy and irritating, and not one of them was a taxicab. Sherlock waited two more minutes, then began walking to Hampstead Heath station.
"He's in London. Well, he started in Wales, that's where we were shooting, but he's in London now. I can't explain it more than that. I know it sounds –"
He could head off a good deal of unpleasantness by instructing the DNA diagnostic centre to ignore the blonde hairs and focus on the dark, or by simply ignoring or concealing the results himself, should they prove incriminating. The past several days had been –
It was a wax-doll version of Trish. Petite, pretty, wearing a raspberry crepe dress – Lanvin, probably, she'd said she had a weakness for Lanvin. Hair done, makeup in place. Tears blurred Mary's eyes. She reached toward her, touching the collar of the dress, tugging it down.
Sherlock turned to Peter. "Well, we've all got problems that we deal with, haven't we?" He enunciated with exaggerated care, ruthlessly cutting out any possibility of a lisp. "Your pathological need for approbation, for one thing. Really rather obvious despite your studious nonchalance – clearly you got a lot of attention for your looks in your youth, but it wasn't enough, because you crave it, what with the way you look around after you make a remark of any kind, just to make certain that people are focused on you, the extra decibels – the restaurant isn't all that loud, but you've become used to talking loudly because everyone's got to hear each golden syllable that comes tripping off your tongue, the conspicuous clothes that you'd love to believe are the pinnacle of nonchalance, but both the jacket and the shoes were purchased yesterday, going by the smell, so it's obvious you haven't got enough confidence to wear something you've already got – it's a constant game of one-upmanship with Tom who hasn't even got the faintest idea he's in a competition. He feels sorry for you, and he's –"
Benedict waited for almost a full minute before scrambling to his feet and heading for the door. He scarcely drew a breath, hearing his blood thundering in his ears and feeling sweat trickling down his back. He flagged a taxi down, throwing himself inside and giving the driver the Baker Street address. Leaning back, he permitted himself to breathe fully.
--" Cumberbatch waved his hands in what was evidently meant to be a world-encompassing gesture. "He made sure I was okay and got me to hospital, and he looks at you – at me – like…oh, God, never mind."
They made no move to leave, so Benedict hesitantly swung the door shut, presumably leaving them stranded on the doorstep like a couple of armed Sphinxes. He stood in the middle of the flowered carpet, trying to decide what to do next. He could tap on John's door for hours, but John would probably come out and punch him again, or simply ignore him and leave his earbuds in all night. He could try writing him a note explaining everything, but there was no way to force John to read it. Or he could wait until morning and try again. There was no going back now.
Watching emotions playing across Molly's face was more entertaining than he'd expected. Vague irritation at the drop-in, guilt, determination to be social and polite, and was that a fleeting glimpse of physical longing?
Resolute, he stepped into the street and waited for a taxi. He checked his watch:  only eight-thirty. He took his phone out (he'd charged it at TWH's house; they had the same sort of phone. Twee beyond words) and scrolled through the new messages.
Benedict glanced at John again and plunged forward. "Well, let me think. He was a serial killer, after all. He forced me to accompany him thanks to his own weapon –"
Better still, Henry hadn't bound his feet. Best of all, Henry was physically unfit and wouldn't recognise a mixed martial art if it flipped him upside down and brained him with a chair. Which it was about to do.
"And there is a whole childhood in a nutshell," Benedict muttered, glancing at John, and saw John crack a grin. He wouldn't follow the script altogether, but that had been a damned good line.
"Harder. Please…." Tom was pulling at his own cock frantically, his other hand braced against the wall, white-knuckled.
"Wrong fucking answer, darling." Henry grasped Sherlock's hair and wrenched his head back. "Tell the truth, now."
John smiled. "Top ten, at least." He stroked the soft wool of the jumper Mary had bought to replace the shrunken one. "Thank you."
For a moment Sherlock's façade slipped and he couldn't answer for the knot in his throat that constricted his speech. He clasped his hands between his knees. "Well, John's back at 221B working on a really important case right now."
"Oh, Nora, Nora." John shook his head. "You're great with her. Don't think I haven't noticed. I don't know if that's a special effort, but I've noticed."
“Come on, love.  John’s amazing, John’s fantastic, John rescued him a million times plus, John heals lepers with the touch of his hand.” Janine rolled her eyes. “Can’t believe I didn’t snap to it then, but you know how weddings are. Do you know, when he heard John coming upstairs one day, he told me to take my dress off and wear one of his shirts instead? It was a laugh, but I still didn’t see it.”
"I'm going to ask you a question." The voice was a rough hiss in his ear. "And I'm going to ask it once, and you get one chance to answer. Say yes if you understand."
Sherlock turned back to John. "It wasn't just for you," he replied coolly. "It should have been done a long time ago."
"Christ, spare us the grizzling, Graham." Henry tossed back the last of his triple Scotch. Difficult to separate the man from his alcohol if he actually brought it into the loo. "You've had your chance." He gave Sherlock a quick conspiratorial smile. "Sure you're okay?"
"We weren't, in fact," Lady FitzSimmons replied icily. She snapped her handbag closed and directed her glacial grey eyes at Sherlock. "My brother endured years of hell thanks to you, Mr Holmes. Years. Oh, he was exonerated as we all knew he would be, but prison broke him. He can't hold his head up in public for the shame. His wife and children are long gone – he hasn't seen his children in nearly ten years. And our family name's been dragged through the mud. Thanks to you."
"Jenny said my gainer was lots better. I need a new suit, though. The blue one's split on the side."
Benedict heard the scraping of chair legs against lino tile and the sound of a body settling itself. He kept his eyes closed. "John."
Sherlock stumbled out of the stall and dropped into the little slipper chair at the far end of the loo. He bent forward, forehead nearly touching his knees, and breathed hard.
Fearfully, he advanced toward the window. The curtain fluttered a bit, and he inhaled the scent of rain. He caught up the thin fabric in one hand, pulled it aside, and looked down at the street below. Cars drove back and forth, headlights and red taillights winking in the darkness, the distinctive rush of tyres driving over wet tarmac drifting up to the open window along with muted conversation and laughter. As he watched, a couple ran past, clinging to each other beneath the broad shelter of a polka-dotted umbrella.
"Ugh, don't talk about it." Molly waved a hand. "All I can eat is rice and plain chicken and this stuff. Greg does acupressure on my hands after I throw up, but it doesn't always help. The nausea usually passes after a few hours, though." She slid her ID card through the reader, and the lab door clicked open. "The powers that be gave me a respirator with organic vapour cartridges while I'm working with Formalin, so that's nice, at least. Right, you go ahead and get started – I've got to throw up again." She disappeared through another door.
"It's okay." She embraced him tightly and pressed her face into his neck. Her lips moved against his skin, but no sound emerged over their breathing.
Sherlock pressed his hands together and stayed quiet for the duration of the lift ride and walk to the car park. "So it was a severe stroke that put him in hospital to begin with?"
"It's all right." It wasn't a conversation Sherlock was eager to have immediately either. Ever, actually. The day John discovered the truth about Mary would be the end between him and Sherlock, if not the end between John and Mary. Sherlock wouldn't blame him for it – it would be one more thing they'd both concealed from him, both of them treating him as if he were too frail or stupid to understand the truth. Maybe neither of them deserved forgiveness for that. He'd hold his tongue for as long as he could. If there was a way to extricate Mary from this mess, he'd find it for John's sake.
of bed and get dressed, Sherlock. Your client is waiting. I trust last night's little debacle hasn't proved permanently debilitating."
Sherlock was in his chair, bemusedly regarding his bare feet. “Did you know, John, that fingerprints and toe prints aren’t exactly alike?”
"I'd sit on the information, then, until things had really settled. Then I'd…." John trailed off, and stared at Kerstin Tresler, who stared back stonily. "I'd probably tell my kids, if I had any. That way they could retrieve them…it would be a lot easier as time passed. Jesus…."
Smiling, Moriarty shoved his hands in his pockets and ambled toward the door. "I expect you're going to call Big Brother to spring Johnny Boy. Think about that, Sherlock. Think about that very carefully. Here's a little question for you – a koan, I guess. There's a little bunny rabbit named…oh, whatever you like. The bunny's hopping in the grass, happy and free, when his owner sees a hungry cat watching him. So he puts the bunny in a hutch with three big, aggressive hares, and they're
Through the pain in his head he heard the soft snick of the closing door and a pair of heavy booted feet moving toward him. "Sure I can't fuckin' believe what a desperate eejit you are, Mr Holmes, you and that gammy leg of yours."
"I got it," Mary had said, brandishing a long paper parcel. "I'll slice it and put it in the oven when he turns up. You look nervous."
Sherlock stopped, not daring a glance over at John, though he yearned to. Too dangerous. "Yes. Yes, of course." He resumed his search and after ten or fifteen minutes of fruitless digging pulled out a letter written on ruled paper torn from a school exercise book.
"I suppose we're flying to Derry," Sherlock said, slipping his hand inside his pocket and thumbing his phone into life. Something quick -
"Thank you." John wasn't looking at her. He was watching Nora, who had opened her eyes and was watching him.
Molly unbuttoned his shirt, exposing his naked chest, and rubbed the palms of her hands over it, grazing his nipples. She bent and kissed his neck, beneath his chin, suckled the lobe of one ear. Tiny noises escaped her, and she ground against him harder, rough and urgent. "Come on. Please."
"Hakuna frittata," John said, and Nora giggled. "Your mum's right, you'll love it – it's like scrambled eggs."
"Although results from the post-mortem examination have yet to be released, sources indicate possible homicide, as Mr Tuttle had been shot and there were multiple wounds on his body from what appeared to be a knife. Mr Tuttle was a member of the criminal organisation popularly known as the New Barnet Six, a smuggling gang apprehended by detective Sherlock Holmes." Now a picture of Sherlock – glamorous, his collar turned up and his hair wild – replaced Tuttle's. "Tuttle was the only member of the organisation to escape imprisonment and was aiding the police in further inquiries.  We now turn to Louis Eckling, forensic psychologist – Mr Eckling, chances are, given the circumstances, that this was a crime perpetrated from within the prison system. Tell us about the motivation that can lead to an event like this."
"I did! I worked late and then finished the shopping, and I was knackered when I came home. So I appreciate you letting me be a slugabed." Mary went to the coffeepot and poured a mug. Her dressing gown sagged around her. She maintained it was comfortable as anything, but it was a bit sad-looking, so John had got her a new one of raspberry-coloured merino with a satin shawl collar. He hoped she liked it.
Benedict shook his head. "Cleverness only gets you so far." He had to raise his voice above the sound of an approaching helicopter.
"What –" John clamped his mouth shut, letting prudence be the better part of valour. He stared at the black-clad knees of the man holding him at gunpoint.
Sherlock noted Molly's greenish complexion as well as the smell of lemon balm tea drifting from her mug. "Morning sickness already?"
"Yeah, no. I'm fine." Benedict headed for the door. Well, if this was abrupt and weird it probably wasn't any less weird than Sherlock's behaviour on any given day. "Sorry. Thanks for the pizza. And the wine."
Sherlock casually put one hand on the doorframe to keep his bad knee from buckling. He cleared his throat. "Well. Can you meet me late tomorrow afternoon? The body's in an intelligence research lab, and I'd have to get you clearance. Mycroft's being very broody over the whole thing."
"Ye-es," Sherlock said, and let Tom go. He went back to the sofa and sat down with a thump, stretching out his legs and contemplating his toes.
Not cooperating would likely earn Tom abuse, but he couldn't bring himself to be a model prisoner. He planted his feet as Henry took his arm and shook his head.
Cold, he tried to tuck his hands under his arms and discovered that they didn't move. He tugged. Tape. He felt the stickiness, smelled the chemical adhesive. Each wrist taped to the arm of a wooden chair. Ankles similarly fettered. Several strips round his chest as well.
ordinary. And Sherlock had clearly forgiven Mary, or brushed the attempted murder aside for reasons best known to himself.  It was purest farce, but it was Sherlock's affair.
kept confidential on the Moran-Howe acquisitions. Sounds like a pattern to me." Sherlock gave Guthrie a winning smile.
"Four days." She grinned. "You probably would have sorted it in twenty minutes. I thought of calling you – actually, I did call you, but you were probably busy."
"Ah." Sherlock tilted his head to one side. Just past Moriarty's chair was a flight of stairs, only faintly visible in the dimness. A slice of light played down the narrow staircase. Plenty of opportunity there to overpower Moriarty, smash his head against the stairs, break his neck, leave him bleeding and mangled. "Did your mum know about Carl?"
"I love how your bad knee is suddenly my fault," John said, though he sounded far from upset. "It's not as if I took a mallet to it. Face it, Sherlock, you're just getting –"
He erased it. To hell with TWH. Sherlock was declaring him Officially Not His Problem. He didn't have time for bad-telly romantic misunderstandings.
"Oh, of course. Right.' Some people!' exclaimed Frodo. 'You mean Otho and Lobelia. How abominable! I would give them Bag End and everything else, if I could get Bilbo back and go off tramping in the country with him. I love the Shire. But I begin to wish, somehow, that I had gone too. I wonder if I shall ever see him again.'
Sherlock pressed his hands together. "Right. Whatever happens, I want you to know that…I'm not given to speeches, but I think you should know how very highly I regard you. I would be…." His face softened. "Bereft if anything should happen to you." He hesitated, then enfolded John in his arms.
"We're doing it. You may have noticed that the airflow has stopped, that it's a bit stuffier in your cell. When Mycroft receives his confirmation code – which shouldn't be in more than a minute – he'll give the go signal. Then they'll send the gas in through the air vents. It's odourless and tasteless, so you won't know until you start to salivate. Any last words, Jim?"
"Look at that." John pointed at the pile of shredded photo paper. "Whoever sent that sent it to our house, Mary. That means they know where you live. They know you've got a family. They're probably keeping tabs on you. Whatever this is…however you plan to fix it, you're not doing it while you live under the same roof as my daughter."
"Okay." Tom pulled up to the kerb and let the car idle. He reached out and grasped Sherlock's hand, squeezing it lightly and rubbing his thumb back and forth across Sherlock's palm. It was a pleasant sensation. "Don't be angry with me. I'm at sixes and sevens tonight. I'm sorry about those twits. I should have stopped seeing Henry and Peter a while ago, but it's hard to cut them off without cutting off the rest."
sake! Oh, girlfriend, interesting. War Horse, bla bla bla, Tom Hiddleston, mm, TWH, there he is, fellow actor then – no wonder he was secret if Cumberbatch still had a girlfriend, South Africa, bla bla good
He didn't much like the connotations of the word, though. The gruesome statistic about most fans was that no matter how much they adored the object of their attention, what ultimately mattered when they met the object was not that the fan met the object, but that the object noticed the fan. The fan wanted to leave a permanent mark, to walk away and hear
Tom let out a muffled string of what sounded like obscenities and profanities. Back to the Anger stage, apparently.
"Yes, we can do that." She directed her minions to pack up, and within fifteen minutes they were trooping out the door, leaving Mycroft, Anthea, and John alone with Sherlock.
Before Benedict could coax his overtaxed brain into fully registering the sight of Jim Moriarty sitting in Sherlock's chair, smiling, his dark eyes glittering, a sudden wave of heat and freezing cold and inexplicable pain coursed through his entire system, paralysing him. He blinked, blinded by white brilliance, and heard another voice:  his own.
"I guess she'll have to borrow stuff from Tim. It's not the first time." At this, Nora lifted her clear hazel eyes to John's, and though he tried, he couldn't read the expression in them. Possibly he was just being paranoid. "Why don't you text her and let her know?"
As he spoke, he felt uncertainty melting away, snows caught in the sun beneath time-lapse photography. It was mad, it was round the twist, but it felt true. He trusted his instincts.
"That was an impressive collection of evidence in court," Moran said. His voice was soft, controlled, the voice of a man long accustomed to an audience. "You're concise and efficient when it suits you, it seems. Well done. I'm afraid I haven't got time to chat, though. I have an appointment."
"Yeah, particularly combat wounds. Glue's fast, but a good field surgeon can close someone up just as quickly, and there's no reason for field surgeons not to be good. The poor ones wash out pretty damn fast."
The thing needed charging, but there was enough juice to check the last number, and it wasn't password-protected. Sherlock noted the time – half four – but never mind; better to startle the recipient. Sometimes that revealed compelling information. He found the last number called and redialled.
"I'll try. Excuse me, Mycroft – I'm not feeling well." She opened the baize-covered door and waited for him to step out. "I will – tomorrow. I can't drop everything now, not with two hundred people here. Surely you understand that." She smiled. "Even you, you old hermit. Go on – have some nibblies and something to drink. Get some value out of that outfit. You look splendid." She clutched the side of the door and rubbed her cheek again, spoiling her makeup.
Deflated but still a bit belligerent, John glared at Teeling before pushing the door open, revealing a room identical to his own. Sherlock lay on the bed, his expression sulky. Mycroft sat in the desk chair, the epitome of smug.
"She promised Nora that they'd look up some stuff on you together – the old blog, some news articles."
For someone who'd been on the verge of tears at the restaurant, the text was surprisingly cheerful. Sherlock began scrolling through Cumberbatch's saved messages from TWH.
was a sexy piece – and maybe, just maybe, his big brother. Mostly John. The look on Sherlock's face at the pool when he'd seen John strapped into the bomb – that had been priceless, but it hadn't been love. First of all, John Watson wasn't gay. He'd told the
Sherlock twisted his hand upward and began to tear at the tape binding his arms down, hoping Henry wouldn't notice.
"I think you did that the moment you decided to accept cash for your country's secrets. Then again, on our last meeting you seemed to indicate that you hadn't done so willingly. I admit at the time I thought it was twaddle, the ravings of a man who'd been broken by prison, but that wasn't the case. You also mentioned your family." Sherlock smiled. "You'll be glad to hear that I did my research. Staunch Catholics, the Ó Móráins, but friends of the Crown since the Hanoverian succession thanks to timber exportation. The Ó Móráins effectively helped to deforest Ireland. Congratulations on that, by the way – you profited marvellously. Suppose someone had to, though."
"Yeah," John said slowly. He'd turned red again. "Maybe I will. Just this once. Where should I meet you?"
John rolled his eyes and flicked through to a black-and-white movie, starring absolutely nobody he recognised. He dug out his phone again and sent what was probably a pathetic text.
"Oh, you've got enough energy," Ian whatever-his-last-name-was said, and hugged Mark around the shoulders.
John scouted rapidly for a usable weapon. He saw the creepy Nazi box still on the bed and opened it, wincing as he thrust his hand inside. His hand closed around something smooth and cylindrical – a fountain pen, carved with sort of Art Nouveau swirls and emblazoned with an SS death's head. Charming. He uncapped it, crouched on the floor beside the bed, and yanked up the blue bedskirt.
Sherlock opened his eyes and looked down at Loo. Her hair was a bit mussed and she was examining the skirt of her dress carefully, but she didn't seem terribly annoyed. "Mo – my goodness. Erm." His voice shook a bit.
“Oh, don’t be silly. Can you imagine? Heavens.” Martha finished her cordial. “They’d drive me even more round the bend if that were true.”
John would have scolded him, would have tried to force a sandwich and tea down Sherlock's gullet, but he was in that strange and wonderfully familiar deep, dark cavern of feverish exploration, teasing and prodding at tiny clumps of dirt and droplets of water until they reluctantly yielded up their secrets. Here was what he knew; here was the whim of nature and crisis and work that required the patience he reserved only for these moments. Cumberbatch's world of superficial clamour fell away, and he abandoned himself altogether as he wove outrageous disparities into order and comprehensibility.
"Righto." Dr Roche, irrepressibly friendly and disconcertingly young (in the past few years he'd begun to notice that a good number of not totally incompetent professionals were considerably younger than himself. He wasn't sure whether to be amused or irritated by this), slapped a series of X-rays onto the illuminated view box. "As I said, this is just confirmation of what I'd expected to see, given the symptoms you've described, Mr Holmes, but I prefer to be thorough." She pointed at a section of the X-ray. "Have a look at this. Do you see that little protrusion there? That's an osteophyte, otherwise known as a bone spur. Also, if you look here, you can see that you've experienced some diminishment of the cartilage – not unusual for an active, healthy individual, but obviously it's best to nip this sort of problem in the bud to prevent further injury. So, to summarise – the knee's banjaxed, but not irreparably." She gave him a wide smile.
Abruptly, Sherlock wondered what John's most dominant emotions had been on the occasions he'd found Sherlock high. He hoped to God it was nothing like the sudden horrible roiling of his stomach and an awful sort of…Christ, it wasn't pity, was it? John Watson was many things, but never
"No, it's silk gazar. Couture cleaning is expensive. There's hand beading on this thing, and the entire dress is hand-sewn as well. You can't just toss it in the washing machine."
"People send him things. Gifts, food, drawings. He eats the food. I beg him not to. God knows, someone could put a razor blade in a cupcake or something. Why, has he mentioned something about letters?"
"Hold on." The lock rattled some more, and the door opened a crack. A woman peered out, her face almost level with Sherlock's. "The detectives?"
"Well. That was great." John leant close to Maisie in order to be heard above the station's clamour of returning day-trippers. He caught her scent, something spicy-ish like patchouli and a tiny bit of salt spray. She was taller than John by a few inches; if he moved just a little closer his nose would be buried in her neck. He wavered, trying to decide if he should kiss her.
." His voice was roughened and strained. "I'm tired, and I can't guarantee I won't hit Jim somewhere permanently disfiguring instead of just killing him." He
“From what you told me, that’s entirely understandable. Didn’t Mr Holmes have something to do with her death?”
"Yeah. I've got a flight at seven from Gatwick. Best I could do." Mary sat up and, still on the floor, wriggled into her undies and scrubs. "I've got to finish packing and shower."
"Sherlock, I can get Moriarty to leave," John said. "You don't have to deal with him tonight. Seeing Irene d – seeing her this afternoon shook you up. I saw that. I –"
Fann Cheong came in bundled up for the outdoors, voice recorder in one hand, stethoscope tangled in the other. "Right, here's one for the books. I just had to explain to a twenty-eight year old man that the condom goes on the penis only and does not get stretched over the testicles as well."
"You're guilty of something, though, aren't you?" Sherlock drifted closer. "I remember your trial quite well, Lord Moran. You had the same sort of reaction then, though I admit you kept admirably silent, for the most part. The sweating, the palsied fingers…you're holding your body tense as well. I can practically see the vibration. Guilt doesn't sit well on you. If you have something to disclose, you might as well do it now. I can't imagine you'd enjoy another four years in prison, away from all these beautiful things."
It was half eleven when Sherlock trudged upstairs, hungry and a bit cross. John had had to leave at ten, Molly hadn't been at Bart's, and the security guard was an utter moron, had no idea who he was, and wouldn't admit him into the lab. Resentfully, Sherlock had taken his leave and picked up sausages and chips to eat at home. He tossed the bag of evidence on the kitchen table, tossed the greasy food bag next to it, and tossed his coat over a chair.
"Told you," Benedict said, withdrawing John's takeaway box from its paper bag and handing it over. "You can thank me any time." He removed his own, offered John some plastic cutlery, and dug into his food, glad he'd insisted on the boxes.
He opened his mouth to gather breath to speak. His tongue was a slab of rock, his mouth sand. "It's me," he rasped.
"We should toast," Mary said. She gave Nora a glass of water and lifted her own glass. "To old friends."
He hadn't been wrong – Sherlock didn't wake for another four hours. It was fully dark when he finally began to stir. John stepped into the corridor and went back to his own room to place the takeaway order and phone Nora briefly, and by the time he returned, Sherlock was propped up on his elbows, blinking. "Hey. Feeling better?"
Greg examined the picture of a young Mycroft, slightly softer around the face and with more hair, but looking essentially the same. His expression was serious, and he wore the academic gown over a suit. “God, do you always wear a suit? Did you wear one as a tot?”
"I play Sherlock on a TV programme! I don't know how it happened, but I was on set, we'd just wrapped our scene, Andrew and I, and I – I bent to tie my shoe and lost my balance and grabbed a cable, and it was raw, so I got an electrical shock, and when I came to I was in this sort of weird white void and Sherlock was there, your brother, and he said he'd got a shock too, at least I think he did, and then he said something about a multiverse, and he didn't seem fazed at all by the fact that there was his complete bloody double sat across from him, and we only exchanged a few words but it happened again last night, and…and there was this flash, brilliant flash of light, and I woke up and I was in fucking
After brushing his teeth, he stripped to his boxers and t-shirt and crawled into bed. He picked up the
"Fine," Moriarty said sulkily. "You've got the rest of your life." He prudently took the handgun from his pocket again and aimed it. "Just making sure you don't try anything funny."
He had a sudden wild thought:  he'd confess all, lay everything out on the table. Surely the sight of Sherlock babbling peculiarities even madder than the whirring and ticking of Moriarty's demented brain would send him over the edge. Benedict opened his mouth, then closed it with an audible snap. Given Jim's unpredictability, that might not actually work out so well, come to think of it. And what would happen to John?
Sherlock strode toward him, looking like the Sherlock of old, looking resplendent. He took the seat opposite John and then looked at Nora. "Hello, Eleanor."
"I know." John met Sherlock's gaze. "I know that. But what about next time? Some copycat, or…I don't know, someone who thinks he can get leverage against you by hurting someone you're close to? I can't risk that. Not my little girl. She's all I've got."
"Good. Keep breathing." John's fingers closed round Sherlock's wrist and found his pulse. "Someone's not keen on you. You think they saw us go into Moran's house, whoever it was?"
The two thugs moved forward, each producing a jackknife. Sherlock tensed, but they only cut the tape free and dragged him up. He swung at Two, but he was weakened – hungry as well as cramped and thirsty – and Two caught his fist and wrenched his arm behind his back. Together, the pair frog-marched Sherlock through the door Moriarty had unlocked. Sherlock took the room in and froze.
TWH stopped and bit at his thumbnail. "Well, if real life –" He grimaced oddly. "If real life is anything like fiction, he'll be just fine. You're difficult to kill."
Mycroft smiled once more, and in that moment he appeared almost affectionate. "In that, you and my brother are very much alike. If you are to resume your rightful place again, it would be better if you were alive and whole. Avoid Mr Moriarty at all costs. There are limits to my influence, staggering as that might seem, and if his connections are as wide as I'm beginning to suspect, interaction with him would set off unpleasant…ripples. An indiscretion could be disastrous. Therefore, I'm requesting that you steer clear of him. Am I understood?"
Martha exhaled. “Oh, Gautam. It was never love, was it? I never wanted to marry you – I thought we were having a bit of fun. But somehow I doubt either of your wives knew about me.”
"Yeah. Sounds good." The rubbing felt glorious, but Sherlock needed a moment. He felt…oddly disconcerted. Actually unsettled. He couldn't quite pick out why, but he didn't like it at all.
"The Ahnenerbe was a pseudoscientific institution of the Nazi regime, principally dedicated to proving the superiority of the Nordic races. Heinrich Himmler was the founder and titular head and obviously a complete idiot. Some of the experiments in concentration camps can be attributed to them. Cold-water immersion and outdoor exposure to test human resistance to extreme temperatures, experimental drugs, measurement of Jewish skulls, that sort of thing."
The room was warm, even close, but suddenly John was freezing. Icy sweat formed between his shoulder blades, under his arms. "Oh, fuck. Fuck." He closed his eyes. Brighton. Oh,
"Ooh, don't tell him that," Mary said with a laugh, and winked at John. John chuckled and winked back.
"Fuck it," John muttered. He didn't want to think about it now. Let it lie for just a while longer. It couldn't get any worse at this point, anyhow. He was, he realised, having a wonderful time, and he didn't want to spoil it with reality, not yet.
John lay on his bed and tried to sleep, but it wasn't any good. He tossed and turned and tried to find comfortable spots, but his brain wouldn't shut down. Finally he got up and paced restlessly, wishing he could go outside and walk for hours. It was a beautiful section of Sussex they were in from the little he saw, he didn't get to the countryside nearly enough, and a walk in the fresh air would have been just the ticket, but if the guards had hustled Sherlock back inside –
"Jesus fucking Christ." John helped Sherlock sit up. "Slowly, slowly. Was that him? Same Galway bloke?"
"Depends on the person. Usually anywhere from three to six months. If it's not effective, I'll consider surgery, but let's try some non-invasive treatments first." She went to her tablet and made some notations. "Setting up the scrips now, and we can likely get you in for the injection in a few weeks. Have you got someone who can escort you home that day, stay with you for a few hours afterward?"
Nora perked up visibly, and John's heart sank. She was going to give her the clothes. All that excess would put the gifts they'd selected so carefully in the shade. Maybe not, though – she was just a kid. She wouldn't care that the stuff had come from Harrods, or that they were all expensive brands. "Ah. What did you forget?"
I hate that this has to go out as a chapter and maybe get people's hopes up, but I don't know how else to do it.
But oddly enough, thinking of John did calm him a bit. And then he thought about John staring at Cumberbatch and maybe working out that something wasn't quite right. Damn it. "Listen," he said again, "I know it's a lot to ask, but I just need to go back. Just for ten minutes."
"Oh, I'm not in favour of imagination, Ms Tresler. Facts are usually so much more illuminating. I'm curious, for example, about Mr Reilly's death mere hours after we spoke to you. I'm curious as to why I was attacked yesterday afternoon in my hotel room. And most of all, I'm curious about a painting that turned up in Lord Moran's house – you do know who Stephen Moran is, don't you?"
"I should hope so," Tom replied with a similar grin and stepped closer, pressing the lower half of his body against Sherlock's hip. Sherlock forced himself to stay perfectly still. "Are you starving, or would you rather eat?"
"Hmm. Trying to distract me? Fine, we'll come back to the Watsons. What would you like to know? I won eleven Small Business Award of the Year trophies before our IPO. That was fun. Kind of getting back to roots."
"Nevertheless." Mycroft coughed, his cheeks flushing. "I should tell you that I had to resort to…unorthodox methods to get to the bottom of things."
The house was Regency, well-kept, surrounded by acres of gardens, grasses, and woods. There was a Land Rover in the circular drive. Sherlock parked half a kilometre away and dog-trotted toward the house, jack in hand. He'd neglected to bring anything more lethal, but he didn't suppose Cumberbatch owned a gun. Best thing, really – he probably wouldn't know what the hell to do with it anyhow.
“It’s going to be like old times round here. Sort of. Some differences, obviously.” He leant forward and kissed Sherlock again, nibbling lightly at his lower lip. “I’ll clean. You find the lights and start texting.”
Playing 'The Holly and the Ivy,' he stopped in front of the mantel and gazed at the portrait of the Watson family.
"See if she's got any degenerative diseases first," John said, and tossed his magazine down. "You all right?"
"Gee whiz. I didn't think pharmaceuticals would be all that effective, considering your history, but I guess I was wrong. That doesn't happen often."
"Yeah, in a manner of speaking." Briefly, he relayed the events of the early afternoon. "He's all right," John said. "Just having a sleep right now. His temperature dropped, but I just checked on him and he's not shivering, so that's good."
The only remarkable thing about the ride back to 221B Baker Street was the ease with which John had hailed the cab – he'd simply raised his hand and the car had practically materialised right in front of them. Benedict, in a pair of sticky-bottomed hospital socks and his
Mycroft slipped his phone inside his breast pocket as the car came to a stop. He got out and stepped into the entryway of his office, a hushed world of soft-spoken diplomacy and muted urgency, politesse holding back chaos, accompanied by mailed fists in velvet gloves.
"Off to dinner with some dot-com billionaire. Trying to extract a few-score thousand pounds for a new lighting system. The old one's going to bash someone's head in soon if we don't get rid of it."
"Right to the point. Well…." Moriarty poured a cup of tea and offered it to Benedict, who shook his head. He shrugged, dropped two lumps of sugar into the cup, and stirred. "
Tresler blew out another jet of smoke. "I kept it. I kept it all. The painting, she told me about that too, and I thought I'd get rid of it all when the old bitch died, but by then…." She shook her head. "I was afraid. They'd hanged Eichmann ten years before, you know. And the Mossad was all over the news. I thought they'd hang me too. So I kept it."
"I hate plaice," Sherlock declared sulkily, though he thought the cook probably wouldn't make too much of a hash of it. "And Cook?
"I don't really want to take Nora out of school." Mary squeezed his hand. "You don't mind staying, do you?"
"Smartarse." John wrapped his arms round Sherlock and nuzzled his neck. "Shut it, or I'll host another drinks party."
"Don't stop looking for a connection to Lady Howe or Dedalus, John. Give me your knife again." Sherlock took the knife and went to the first cabinet.
"You're a brilliant father. That doesn't mean you won't make huge errors now and again." Sherlock stepped back, took a clean handkerchief from his coat pocket, and handed it to John.
The day came into focus. He'd gone to lunch with Benedict and Mark and Ian, and apparently Benedict and Mark had had a little liaison in the gents'. Had it been the first, or just one of many? Tom had left, gone home, Henry and Graham had come by, had drinks, Henry had come back for his mobile and had pulled out something awful-smelling and pressed it to Tom's face. Not choloroform, couldn't be. Tom had never smelled it before, but the effect….
"I've got to sort it out," John said. "I've got to…Mary and I, we're – I'm not sure what we have anymore. It's been a long time since we've really – fuck!" He sat up. "I'd be lying if I said I didn't feel something for her, and we've got a history, and Nora. But it's not the same." He bent close to Sherlock and gently smoothed the hair back from Sherlock's forehead. "It's not the same, you know? I've not given this a lot of thought because I never thought it would be possible, but here you are. Jesus."
"Great!" It had been necessary to leave Bart's. Pretending to work there took more time than actually working there. "The hours are really flexible and the pay's a bit higher. I might be able to get a flat of my own soon. It'd be great to have people over without three flatmates hanging about playing video games and not doing the washing up. I miss being able to come down and see you, though. How's life at Bart's?"
Mute and nearly insensate with terror, Tom nodded. He couldn't quite relinquish a final glimmer of hope. If someone saw them – someone walking her dog, or gathering from his garden, some courageous soul who'd phone the police immediately – oh, God, was this what all of Henry's victims thought? Waiting, hoping, praying for help that never arrived?
Sebastian Moran shook his head. "Actually, Mr Holmes, I think it's best if you don't tell anyone where you're headed."
John was about to ask him if he wanted to bill for his valuable time, but refrained. Just. "That's kind of you. Come on, sweets." Hand in hand, he and Nora headed for the Tube. "You could have phoned, Nora. Borrowed a friend's phone or something." He and Mary had gone back and forth about getting her a mobile. She was nine – all right, almost ten – and it just seemed too early. Mary had contended that it was a necessary thing, and maybe she was right after all.
"Concentrate on late November to her last entries in December. Notes, receipts, appointments – anything at all." Sherlock scraped up some amber-coloured crystalline particles from near the waistband and bagged it. He found more black hair, more red, and some blond. "Dry cleaners, John. Check for a dry cleaner's receipt."
Unaccountably angry, he tossed the rest of his sandwich into the waste basket and hit the pause button.
Oh, God, Sherlock had been working on a case! Perfect. He thought fast. "You text him, John. The last thing I care about right now is telling him in excruciating detail what he should already know."
But he wasn't having sex with John. Maybe Sherlock didn't see John's adoration because he only had eyes for Mycroft? Good God, what a family. Evidently the Holmes dynamic was a law unto itself.
"So what happened?" John asked, drawing on a pair of nitrile gloves. "Did he run, or did someone snatch him?"
"Need the loo," Sherlock said, and dashed into the bathroom. He closed the door and leant against the sink, staring into the mirror at his imperfect skin, his bad hair, the premature ageing round his eyes.
"It's nice to have someone you love by your side." Benedict couldn't resist a tiny bit of needling. He opened his hand again and held the spheres out, extending his other hand. "Ready?"
"Pardon my hand," Sherlock said to the portrait, and lifted it from the bottom, setting it on the floor. The square of wallpaper behind it was bright and clean – it had hung on this wall for at least seventy-years, judging by the age of the paper. Carefully, he re-hung the piece, straightening it and flicking at the dust with his gloves to even it out. "Can't imagine what you've seen here. No wonder you look cross."
." Moriarty gestured around the flat. "I don't mean money, really, or material acquisition – I know all that doesn't mean much to you. Can I make a guess? Do you mind?"
He hadn't aged well in the nine years since he'd been sentenced:  he was gaunt and somewhat stooped, and despite his ultra-fashionable and more than a little flamboyant olive-coloured windowpane checked suit, appeared sickly and even fragile. Prison must have been hard on him, Sherlock reflected without sympathy. "Lord Moran."
"We're almost out of petrol, is what we are, it's pissing out, and you've been on this road twice already. I'm getting sick of looking at that pub we just passed." John reached into Sherlock's coat pocket and wrestled his phone out. "Right, let's see where we're heading…." He fiddled with the phone.
Right. "Well. It's just that you're so very kind and accommodating, not calling the police because you probably thought I was a vagrant at first. You should just spread yourself around a bit more. You've got so much to give, I can tell." Sherlock patted the man's arm.
John flipped through the menu, half-watching Sherlock pore over it as if his selection constituted one of the most important decisions in his life. They'd gone to Angelo's at Sherlock's insistence, and Sherlock had spent five minutes staring at the décor as if he'd never seen it before. "You planning to order, or are you just going to sit and watch me eat? It's a bit weird when you do that, you know," John had said.
He hadn't, actually, but Sherlock found it amusing that Graham was now so chilly. Must be jealous, given the soulful-eyed pining he'd been indulging in at the table. "Well, we don't live terribly far from each other. I walked quite a bit before returning to his digs."
After a while he felt Sherlock's hand curl over his. He didn't speak, or look at Sherlock, but returned the faint pressure, his heart quickening.
"Oh, don't flatter yourself, you'll never do it." Benedict glanced sidelong at John. He'd let things get personal in a way Sherlock wouldn't have done. A mistake; it wouldn't happen again.
He went to the window and looked out:  ordinary foot and street traffic. Night had stolen over London, over this horrifying and endless day.
"Well, don't feel as if you've got to," Tom said, and leant forward. "Want a chocolate? They're fantastic, I can't stop eating them."
Tom thumped into the chair sullenly and glared at Henry with red-rimmed eyes. Sherlock turned away to hide the sudden twinkle in his eyes. TWH wasn't in the least like John, but Henry was right – he did have spirit.
He watched Henry securing Ben; Ben's face was turned away, toward the interior of the vehicle, and his posture was utterly limp. His hands curled loosely, his spine was relaxed, not rigid, and his shoulders slumped as if he were asleep or unconscious.
"God," he muttered, and wiped his sweating forehead with his bare hand. If Cumberbatch had to endure that every day, Sherlock could almost feel sorry for him. No wonder he didn't have an Oyster card.
He smiled apologetically at the woman across from him. "Pardon me, Madam Chancellor. Emergency line." He opened the text and read it with a sinking heart.
TWH shook his head and emitted a muffled noise. His respiration gathered intensity and speed along with Henry's.
"I don't have a twin," the man droned with exaggerated patience. "I do have brothers, though, and fortunately I don't resemble either of them." He leant against the wall, the picture of forbearance.
Lestrade met them at the door, his face handsome, Rupert's face, but weary and grim. Benedict didn't even feel a little frisson of surprise – was it good that he was becoming accustomed to this universe, or not good?
"A great deal of that art found its way back to its rightful owners," Moran said. "The violin was one of those pieces that unfortunately had no surviving owners to whom it might have been restored. Meredith Howe was instrumental in finding those families." He took a deeper drink. "She did important work."
"Sorry –" He couldn't stop. He skidded on a slick patch of grass, kept going. He finally reached the grandstand and, chest heaving with exertion, craned his neck to look around.
Then he thought about John Lennon. About that young actress on American television who was murdered by a stalker in the 80s. Other actors who'd got more than their share of threats.
The room was kitted out as a small but functional dungeon. There was a round padded bench, a small cage, a St Andrew's cross, and a steel bar with welded rings suspended from the ceiling rafter. Against one wall hung a variety of restraints and implements of punishment. The entire room appeared to have been soundproofed. It might have made Irene Adler's heart sing, but Sherlock took a dimmer view. "Well-equipped for someone who's not an enthusiast."
"No. I loved you." John took another drink. "Maybe it eases your conscience to think that I didn't, but I did. Very much."
Fann was right – it was painfully cold outside. John appreciated the warmth of her car. They chatted about work for the duration of the ride, and only when they pulled up to John's house did Fann return once more to the subject of John's brief leave of absence. "You really do seem refreshed, John. I wish you would take more time for yourself."
"I trust this means that my obligation to you is at its end." The Under-Secretary stood ramrod straight; he looked a decade older than he had at the beginning of their journey. "I think my debt to you is well and truly paid, is it not?"
Warmth travelled over Mycroft’s body. He gazed in distaste at the mottled pink on his chest. Perhaps he was only deceiving himself.
, I've always wondered which of you wore the trousers. Metaphorically speaking, that is. I know that's not your cup of tea. I do wonder what you see in him, though, apart from an adoring audience hanging on every golden syllable that falls from those pretty, pretty lips."
"Touch it," Tom whispered against Sherlock's ear – again – and caught Sherlock's hand, pressing it against his crotch. Hard, hot, ready.
There were some notable differences about the scene as set before him and the scene they'd filmed:  for one, they were actually inside Buckingham Palace. Inside, for God's sake. A world in which Sherlock Holmes co-existed with the Queen of England. The fellow sitting beside Mycroft didn't look exactly like the actor who'd played the equerry. The tea set up between the sofas was altogether different, far more elaborate than the filmed tea.
"No, it's not. Or rather, it wasn't. Some of them are newly rich, though, and keen to invest in art. I'm an expert, and a consultant, for a price." He offered Sherlock another narrow smile. "Like you."
"Erm…." Mary took it and sprang up. "You can chat with me while I get ready. How was your day? Did Beauchamp come back from Aruba?"
Nora's shoulder heaved with silent sobs. She asked for so little, his small quiet sweetheart. She was so brave, so strong, and in that moment he understood Mary's ferocious silence to protect her, to save them all, even if it had meant Mary's life. He understood, and he forgave, but it was too late for that.
Sherlock obeyed, blinking blearily at John. John poured the eyewash and caught Sherlock's hands as they flew up. "No, don't rub. Here." He folded the towel over Sherlock's eyes. "Blink. Let that stuff work."
What was wrong was that his body was betraying him with its unreliability. The discomfort was irritating, but ultimately irrelevant. Sherlock imagined having to chase down a criminal, or run away from one, and failing, his knee giving out and spilling him onto the pavement, resulting in losing his quarry or being overtaken. Neither prospect was acceptable. "How long does the injection last?"
"Well. I expect the two of you have plans, then. World travel? Buy a yacht, maybe, or two rooms and a bath in Kensington?"
He wasn't an habitué of racecourses, but Chelmsford City looked pretty bog-standard as they went:  lots of people who couldn't afford to bet grimacing and shrieking their winnings away, lots of people who simply enjoyed watching horses run at fatiguing and possibly organ-failure-inducing speeds, and a small group of overdressed idiots in a corporate enclosure drinking hot toddies and simpering at each other. He'd arrived at the end of a meeting, excellent timing to have a look about without attracting attention.
Sherlock cast back to what he'd read about Dedalus Communications. "Six hundred-odd stores, mostly in shopping malls. Fifty…yes, fifty-six flagship stores in major metropolitan areas."
He'd been storing anomalies subconsciously all along, Tom realised, small incidents that he'd chalked up to Ben's accident, but now…. "You tried to gag me during sex, when you knew I didn't like it."
"Right. Well, I've got full access, so I can get you sorted. I'll log you onto our intranet, too, but you've got to promise not to look at porn, okay?" He slapped Sherlock on the back.
Someone came into the loo and went to the urinal. Through the crack of the door, Benedict saw a broad back in a chalk-striped suit, and a messy blond head of hair. The man unzipped, pissed, shook off, and zipped up again. He left without washing his hands, and the door hissed closed.
"No. Probably Lestrade lost his keys or he's dying for those airport chicken kebabs and can't remember his pin number." Actually, he was looking forward to meeting Rupert's counterpart. The show's Lestrade was patient and competent and an all-round good egg, and if the past eighteen or so hours had proved anything, it was that in real life, or what passed for real life in all this madness, the people he'd met were even more intense than the show's iterations. John was sweeter, Mycroft scarier. What would Lestrade prove to be?
"No, thank you," she said softly, glancing at John with an air of faint reproach, as if to ask why they'd come to such an unbearably stuffy place.
," John wheezed. Sherlock was slender, but not particularly light. John dumped him awkwardly on the sofa, rolled him over to free his airway, and knelt beside him, checking his pulse.
John wanted to get up and walk away, yearned to go back to Sherlock's. But he couldn't, could he? No. He had to be a fucking adult and see this through to the end, and the end, it seemed, was very near to hand. "Wasn't it enough, the money I made? I could have got a second job, if that was it. You never seemed to care about things all that much, I didn't –"
Sherlock's gaze fell upon a painting over the mantel, a rendering of the old Battersea Bridge. It wasn't extraordinary in any particular detail, but the bluish-yellow colouring of it, the composition, and the mood were vaguely soothing, and its size made it a perfect counterpoint to the heaviness of the carved mantel. Mycroft had chosen and placed it well.
Moriarty slammed on the glass with both hands, leaving streaks of sweat. "You FUCKS." He backed away, paced restlessly for five seconds, then turned to them once more. "You know Dedalus is worth billions. I could let you in on some of that. All of it."
Frodo saw him to the door. He gave a final wave of his hand, and walked off at a surprising pace; but Frodo thought the old wizard looked unusually bent, almost as if he was carrying a great weight. The evening was closing in, and his cloaked figure quickly vanished into the twilight. Frodo did not see him again for a long time.'"
"No. I know. But you're right. It was too much stuff, it was too extravagant. If she got holes or stains in those clothes I'd never be able to relax. I'd probably have a nervous breakdown."
He didn't. Henry wiped the spittle off with the back of his hand and stared at it in comical amazement. Then he smiled. "You just earned
That just wasn't true. He had plenty. For instance, he hadn't just drifted into the RAMC, he'd chosen it consciously. He was a product of all the choices he'd made from childhood on, and he was where he'd chosen to be. If there were catalysts – the recruiter at uni, Harry's drunken sprawling at the family gatherings he no longer attended, Mike Stamford on a park bench – that was life. And Sherlock was just another catalyst for the next phase of life. That was all.
"I need a word," John said as pleasantly as he could, though there wasn't much point; it wasn't as if he dragged Nora off to strange, luxurious houses on a regular basis.
new, probably due to the fact that he'd backed a losing horse and had been scowling and shouting his disapproval. Faint smell of alcohol on breath – Guinness, three pints, recently imbibed, further assuaging the loss. Casual clothes, careless, almost shabby for John who, while never quite in line with Sherlock's sartorial tastes, always dressed at least decently – yes, almost shocking for John. Trousers a bit faded, small reddish spot on the jumper (looked like a curry stain), shoes unpolished. John was a stickler about polishing his shoes and had even, during his tenure at 221B, set aside time to polish not only his, but every pair Sherlock owned on alternate Sunday evenings, placing them in neat rows. Holdover from the army. Decidedly not au courant, Dr Watson –
. Startling, how accurate it was, but from John's point of view, it was…surely they hadn't looked at each other like that? It was true he'd taken to John right away, a feat that couldn’t be duplicated, and true that he'd felt something, just a momentary frisson that made him examine John a bit more carefully, but….
John laughed a little. "I know. Stands to reason, I suppose. I can't really wrap my head round this, er, Benedict."
"He didn't say a lot about it," Tom said. "It was childish, frankly. And it would probably be better if you apologised to him, not me."
He found an empty seat on the tube and pulled out his phone. He'd checked it a few times throughout the day, enough that Maisie had remarked on it, but it was 2011, everybody was glued to their phone, even more than he was, and he didn't know what she'd been on about.
Henry's phone rang. "Oh, fuck." He let Tom go, pulling the tea towel away from his face. Immediately Tom turned his head to the side and brought up water, gasping and spluttering and sobbing, his throat and nose burning.
"You said you packed up my things. I've got to get…home." Assuming home was accessible by train. God almighty, unless Cumberbatch lived in somewhere appalling like Los Angeles.
His Lordship's words had the ring of truth, Sherlock realised. Mycroft was hardly a social butterfly. "Fair enough."
Obediently, John dropped, slithering and then hurtling down to the floor, and the world filled with fire. A heavy body toppled onto him, knocking his head against the floor and crushing the breath from him. He gasped and struggled, his arms thoroughly trapped.
"I did, sort of. Agent Henreid is choking on her own blood back by the conservatory, and Agent Farrow is breathing his last on the lawn, a Sarin casualty. A few more people and we'll have a Cluedo game. What do you think?" Moriarty's smile was ghastly in the light of the phone. "Dr Watson in the kitchen with a rolling pin?"
"No, no." Sherlock snatched his coat from a nearby table. "Come along, John. We've got to take advantage of your truancy. See you tomorrow, Molly. Wear your respirator."
"No, you won't be, will you. You've got another identity lined up somewhere else, and a convenient plastic surgeon to tweak your looks. Smart of 'Nick' to be camera-shy."
"You fucking bastard," Tom whispered, and rested his cheek against the cool flagstone floor. He let his gaze wander the room. There was no appreciable difference from last night – the room was small, there was old furniture and trunks pushed hither and yon. If Henry's intent had been to scare him with atmosphere as well as the attack, he'd succeeded admirably. Drugging was a bridge too god-damned far, though, and once he was free, he'd have a serious think about hitting Henry hard. He deserved it.
"You know he'll just send his jack-booted thugs after us. And I exaggerate only slightly." John set a plate before Benedict and sat.
“Step away from the glass, please,” an electronic voice barked. Sig held his hands up in a conciliatory gesture and took two steps back. Behind the glass, Eurus failed to react at all.
"I know." Henry held a silvery packet in his hand.  He steered Tom to his chair and urged him down. "Have a seat." He ripped the packet open, and a sweetish stench filled the air.
He did not, however, say any of those things. What he said was a single syllable, embarrassingly whingy and childish even to his own ears. "Why?"
"I don't think anyone's here," Sherlock said, and pulled his own phone from his pocket. He turned the light on and moved down the hallway, shining his light this way and that. "Small wonder Lord Moran doesn't live here year-round. The heating bills alone would wipe him out by April."
"It's been a pleasure, Lily." Sherlock smiled into her eyes, holding her gaze for three seconds, and then dropped back down to Ciaran's height. The boy was eyeing him with some suspicion. Sherlock bent to his ear. "I really am Sherlock," he whispered, and stood up.
Benedict leant forward and gave Tom a little peck on the lips, the sort of kiss one gave to a powdery, perfume-soaked great-aunt. "You said you got another of those letters."
Sherlock set a box onto the floor near the front door. "You could have had professional organisers in. Don't know why you didn't."
Cold, cold, cold, and lovely. He pushed soaking hair out of his eyes, dropped the bottle to the floor, opened the second, and tilted it into his mouth. It wound down his throat into his stomach in a bright little stream, re-energising, irrigating him.
Mycroft willed his heart to slow to a reasonable rhythm. "I was under the impression that you were already at death's door." He began to remove his coat, then looked down at the shabby armchair, thought better of it, and sat gingerly.
"Nevertheless, someone's making a nice commission on these pieces, and furthermore, the identity of the guarantor is
The glare was unbearable; for a moment Sherlock thought he'd fallen asleep in the sun. At the North Pole. He winced and covered his eyes. Then it hit him:
. That's what you told me, anyhow." What else was Ben hiding? Astounding musical ability, action-hero prowess – what was next, he fucking hunted big game with a blowdart in his spare time?
Sherlock returned the smile. "The next time you die, I'm going to stand over your corpse and make certain you're dead."
"No." Tom sounded shocked. "I mean, I've had my heart bruised, but not broken, and most of my relationships just sort of ran their course. One girl, Sabrina, tried to brain me with a shoe, but she ended up marrying an earl, richer than me and handsomer too. She invited me to the wedding, so I don't think there were any hard feelings." He slid close to Sherlock and hooked a leg over Sherlock's knee, placing his hand flat on Sherlock's chest. "I think you know about everyone important."
"Eh –" Tresler made a fluttering gesture with her hand. "It was only occasional. Not many people ended up in the UK."
He led the way out of the hotel. The wrapping actually held his knee firmly, and he didn't feel so much as a twinge. He'd acknowledge that later – though not much later, he thought. There had to be something at the end of all this to balance out this unexpected bliss, but he'd face it when the time came and not a moment before.
"Well, if you'd like a sandwich or some scrambled eggs, then I'll be happy to make something for you. But this is Singapore fried rice with extra hot sauce from Sun Ya, which I happen to know you like, so you're welcome to eat that as well." John gave Nora a tight smile. He'd scarcely concealed his growing irritation throughout the day at the surgery, only just managing not to snap at his patients. He and Mary had exchanged a few texts since she'd gone, enough for his apprehension for her safety to dwindle. Shortly after her departure he'd been struck by a fit of remorse. He hadn't wanted an explanation, but whatever she was doing surely wasn't child's play. Her text about the hotel had simultaneously reassured and angered him –
Only a few moments ago, he'd just seen his exact double wearing what looked like one of his suits and having a panic attack. At first he'd thought he was having some sort of momentary reaction, a neurological response to electric shock, complete with tactile hallucination. Then he'd thought perhaps it was hallucinogen persisting perception disorder – he'd consumed enough MDMA, mescaline, and psilocybin over the years to make it at least a remote possibility.
"Oh. Something in the information Mycroft texted me, some tip from one of his minions. You know Mycroft, leave no stone unturned, no matter what sort of insects are crawling underneath." Benedict sat back, stunned with himself.
Henry Burgess, stockbroker:  a bore, hardly worth a second glance. Weathered country complexion (drinking plus high blood pressure plus horsey activity), running to fat (belly pushing at buttons of gaudy Italian suit), racing form sticking out of a pocket of the Barbour he affected (it wasn't raining, and the evening was warm). Covered his resentment of TWH's good looks beneath a veneer of bluff affability.
