He’d done his best to tamp down the painful swell of hope her words had stoked, but it was impossible. He’d become obsessed.
[He nearly trips over a discarded bottle. SH catches him, and GL almost pulls him down, too. It’s a near thing.]
Thanks for the shoutout, mate, and you’re quite welcome!!! For the record, it was completely obvious from the moment you were first in a room together!
he thought, with only a slight twinge of guilt at his near Sherlockian level of manipulation.
—and join me in toasting the Watson-Holmes family: John, Sherlock, and Rosie. Never was there another family more deserving of happiness than this one.
John swallowed hard and nodded. “I’m sorry I never told you.”
Somehow this turned into a letter about Watson instead of about you and I. She has a way of taking up a lot of space for such a little person.
Having been in your position just last week
“Come on, madman. You can handle me for one night.”
“Because
“Stop poisoning John with your interfering nonsense. We’ll see you in a few days, so lovely to talk to you, goodbye now.”
Our two-appointments-per-week triage has been quite effective, but much of what he has left to work on must be done on his own, so we’ll be dropping back down to one appointment per week for the time being. I am leaving a block open on next Tuesday just in case he or Sherlock has a crisis tomorrow or over the weekend, but I don’t anticipate a need for it. John is nervous, but overflowing with everything that he feels for Sherlock and looking forward to their date tonight. I wished him the best of luck.*
John bristled, but Iain charged on.
“Well then. Best get our shoes on and put away the bacon,” Father said, dropping a kiss at his wife’s temple before shuffling off to find socks.
In case you didn't see on tumblr last night,
[Created at the reception, then later framed and hung on the wall of Rosie's room]
I wanted to say this in person for the first time, to see your face, to give you those words in my own voice, but it’s more important to me that you have a choice:
Sherlock at his side shifted in discomfort, taking in the whole scene. The guys, being
came across my dash! And I did a double take, because is it NOT that last bit from this chapter EXACTLY? Right down to the photo being on John's mobile! I was so enamored that I knew I'd have to share it with you. Disclaimer: This art is not affiliated with this fic in any way, and this chapter was not inspired by this art. It is purely a coincidence! What a cool universe we live in.
/ 12:21
/ 12:33 PM
I am the luckiest man on the planet.
became
Sherlock hid his grin in the pillow. “You have reason to feel smug. I’m cancelling Christmas. I see absolutely no reason to leave this bed.”
20 January 09:24
The belstaff was all that remained, and Sherlock swung it over his shoulders with a flair, loving the surge of power that always came with it. He was bundled against the cold, yes, but also instantly more sure, more in control of himself. He trotted downstairs to wait for his parents in the entryway, shoving his gloves in his pockets so he could still text. Something to rile John up, make him want to come home early…
He stopped again, growled his frustration and surged forward, pressing his lips to John’s forehead. John gasped and clung to Sherlock’s wrists with the envelope crumpled in his hand, let the electric shock of it crash through him. Such a simple touch, barely anything, but after so long, they were so close—
appeared below the message a moment later, but no ellipsis of a forthcoming reply ever appeared. Thank God. John rubbed a hand over his face and turned his phone off. He didn’t need or want to talk to anyone who wasn’t already inside 221B. It was their fortress, and though every sound echoed off bare, scarred wooden floors, it would hold them all the same, guarded from the outside world. In 221B, they were John and Sherlock, their most essential selves.
I’ve been staring at this blank piece of paper for way too long.
To tell the secret of my nights and days,
Still yours,
They broke into ridiculous giggles again, clutching each other even tighter. Sherlock rubbed his cheek against John’s and let his purely contented smile go unchecked, reveling in the marvel that was John Watson in his bed, sated and happy and
Sherlock is crouched over a freshly-dead body when Greg first notices it: an elaborately carved gold ring on Sherlock’s left hand, gleaming and new.
“In prison?” John asked.
“You fight, Sherlock,” he said, his voice like sandpaper. “You stay alive and hope for a chance. You try to come back to—”
[They maintain eye contact for a moment, then SH holds RW back from his chest to speak to her]
“John, dear, I mean this in the kindest way possible, but you really are an idiot."
"Yes," Sherlock finally breathed. And, lo and behold, his hand gently came to rest on John's side.
"They would be quite shocked to see me show up with a woman," he finally said.
You called me Greg!
“I know, love.”
/ 10:12
[unintelligible]
“More than,” he replied.
[printed out and laying on top of Sherlock’s folder of data for Ella]
But there was something off in his voice, and the deductions lined up with hardly a conscious thought.
/ 11:29
[GL grabs SH by the shoulder and forces him to meet his eyes]
“We need to talk. Tomorrow. As soon as you feel up to it.”
There was one way to possibly find out.
“Yes.”
[SH hails a cab and opens the door for GL, studying him for a moment before he gets in]
“You should, John. You should go home to her.”
Well, Sherlock would say to start with the facts. Here they are.
comment, and John shot him an apologetic look, mouthing a desperate ‘sorry’. Sherlock didn't look bothered, exactly, though. His cheeks were even redder than before, his eyes a bit glazed over, dazed... dilated.
She pushed herself unsteadily to her feet and the guards immediately flanked her, escorting her to the door. John’s heart clenched, and he stared resolutely down at the tabletop as his one-time wife was lead from the room. She’d saved him. She’d kept him alive. But with each fading footfall, the tension in his chest unraveled, bit by bit, the char flaking away from his damaged heart and leaving behind something fresh and raw.
Well… maybe you won’t completely hate me for what I wrote in today’s letter, then.
Yes. Yes, I’d like that.
Hold on, I had to answer the door
: Sherlock, with this ring I am wholly yours. All that I am, I give to you. All that I have, I share with you. I promise to love you, to be faithful, honest, and loyal in all times and circumstances, and to hold our daughter in my heart always. May this ring be a constant reminder of my commitment to you both.
But Sherlock slipped away into the twilight, and was halfway across the street before she caught sight of him again. He disappeared into the off-license on the corner while Molly got caught at the pedestrian crossing, her lips twisted in a wry smile. That was Sherlock, always dashing about after something or other.
See you tomorrow
And I can. I need to be. I’m… god, I’m so much happier, Sherlock. You said I looked different yesterday—well, I feel different, and this is why. I feel like... myself.
Molly said something like that the other day.
“God, that’s gorgeous, you’re
I had to keep you safe, John, I had to, you were the only—you were everything and—
The telltale rumble bled slowly into the aural landscape of London, the ever-present ambiance of cars, machines, people. The plane was on a return flight path, carrying soldiers home from their time in the sand and blood. Some by choice. Some not. Some for a few days. Some for good.
Sherlock shoved the phone in his coat pocket and half rose from his seat, drumming his fingers on the chairbacks in front and behind him. He kept his eyes closed as the train pulled into the station, but he could hear the smile in his father’s voice when he spoke.
John’s answering smile was a brilliant thing.
“This betrayal will not be forgotten,” he managed, right before Sherlock staggered into the entryway.
“I, uh…” He paused, ran a hand through his hair. “Do I look okay?”
John turned away again, gathering the scattered remnants of his heart together for this one last thing. Everything in him screamed
an addict
(See the end of the chapter for
This is the second of four chapters being posted today. Make sure you didn't miss chapter 47, because this will make no sense without it. Two more chapters coming, but both very short just FYI. Subscribe/follow on tumblr/check back later for more.
Sherlock scoffed.
Army pension: 7,511/year, 626/mo
I have been romantically entangled once before.
/ 12:20
“I’m serious, though, Sherlock,” he said. “You’re not out of the woods yet, and I still need to look after you. We’re heading to Bart’s next so Molly can check your kidney functioning. And… Sherlock, you need to talk to… someone professional.”
He is amenable to starting couples therapy with Sherlock, so I called Sherlock back in for the last few moments to get them scheduled. The three of them make a beautiful family, and I’m honored to help them get a solid start together.
Your intent to adopt has been filed with our office and a caseworker has been assigned to perform your in-home visitations. Three visits are required over three months. Your assigned dates are:
:  084652JHW
Sherlock hummed his agreement. “Are you staying here tonight?”
[They stumble the rest of the way to 221B Baker Street, then pause just outside]
Sherlock shrugged as best he could with all his spindly limbs wrapped up in John. “Yes, well, can you truly blame me?”
"You say that as if there's any chance I'll want to stay," Sherlock grumbled, but let himself be guided to the back room of the pub. John's hand had migrated from Sherlock's elbow to the small of his back, and any sudden movement might cause John to reevaluate that decision. Externally, he ensured a mask of perfect disdain stayed fixed in place. Internally, he wondered if he could get away with shifting closer, or if that would spook John into dropping his hand.
“He was probably worried about overstepping and decided not to give it to her. He did look so sweet with it, though, hiding it under his coat like a thief.” She giggled, and John could picture it, Sherlock sneaking into the flat, getting caught with the stuffed animal, flushing the embarrassed pink John so loved to see stained across those sharp cheekbones. Mrs. Hudson raised an eyebrow at John’s dazed half-smile, and it was his turn to blush. Her wrinkled hand cupped around his where it rested on the table
Sherlock’s thoughts whirled with all the potential future occasions: first real date, first anniversary, engagement, wedding night,
to die, John.”
/ 11:05
John stepped around the coffee table and opened his mouth to fire back, but Mary waved him off.
/ 14:37
So good to see you two together again!!!
Subject: your question
It was a fantastic evening, mate!! The wife and I had a great time. Thanks for the invite! Always knew the two of you were something special. I’m be smug forever that I introduced you!!
There was little in the world John Watson loved more than spending the hours after a successful case watching Sherlock go soft around the edges. They laughed inappropriately, walked too close, had dinner with their legs pressed together under too-small tables, and John let himself bask in Sherlock’s cleverness, his joy and unreserved smiles.
And that’s him with the car. See you all tomorrow!
The boys loved it, hooting with laughter and slapping the table until John walked up with their drinks, suitably impressed by Sherlock’s acting skills. Though that phrase,
Mummy cut him off, shifting into full mother rescue mode. “Oh, no, John, you have to stay! I thought you were spending Christmas with us!
This is a 221b (221 words, ends with a word that starts with b) written in honor of 2/21 and inspired by drunk Sherlock in TSoT.
I’d like to take you out. Tomorrow evening. Just us.
Who am I? (answer as many ways as possible)
TITLE: The Joy of Gay Sex, 3rd Ed. / by Charles Silverst
that? Does no one in this world have a sense of self-preservation? Where is
“Sherlock,” he finally asked. “Have you and Ella talked about…”
also drunk. too.
/ 10:40 AM
Take as long as you need to think it over. Let me know what you choose.
/ 3:34 PM
“It was over a year ago, John—”
It was John’s favorite sort of case.
And with that, Mycroft swept out of the room, his umbrella tapping once on the landing on the way out, as John stared into the space he’d just occupied.
The Holmes family solicitor sat at John’s side, sorting papers into piles and marking lines for signatures under Mycroft’s watchful eye. Four guards stood in the room with them, though Mycroft had ensured with his usual worrying vagueness that Mary wouldn’t be a danger to either John or the child she carried.
You gave me my life. I’m not sure I would have lived long enough for Sherlock to return if you hadn’t been there.
This is going to be a two-chapter day (one in the morning and one in the evening), so check your update emails carefully if you're subscribed, and check back later if not!
After the other day, I feel like maybe I can tell you everything.
...also, this Victor guy sounds like a wanker.
John blinked to make sure it was truly Mrs. Hudson standing in front of him, not Sherlock. "Come again?"
“You’re—Sherlock, why on
with men while I was there."
And with that, he disappeared into the crowd of mingling, drinking, and badly dancing Yarders.
There’s a bit more, just one more thing I have to say… but it has to wait. Tomorrow is my last day of anger management, then I have Ella’s evaluation the next day. Can you wait that long? It feels impossible, but I have to. I have to. It’s important. Essential. I have to.
24/1/2017
“Okay?” he asked, voice low and rough.
Sherlock smirked against John’s mouth.
I know it’s not
/ 14:38
“No. Definitely not.”
“Mycroft said you were already high when you got on the plane.”
"Hey," he said, drawing his attention away from the men out on the pavement. "You sure you're okay with this? Say the word and we'll go home."
Reservation Fee: £1.00
You can’t tell Sherlock, okay?
Sherlock was quiet as John lead Mummy and Father back to Baker Street, with a stop off for Thai takeout along the way. They laughed together and shared stories, regaling each other with embarrassing family tales and past misdeeds, and all the while the snow rained down and down and down. It piled along the sidewalks, an inch, then two, crunching wetly underfoot. And John…
"Bit of a sore subject for him, dear. He'll come round," Mrs. Hudson said with a pat on his arm.
? The whole experiment would be pointless, though, if he didn’t push himself beyond his normal bounds of expression.
Clinking of graduated cylinders, knocking of tupperware. Squeak (cabinet open), thwack (cabinet closed).
/ 20:15
“I would
Is everything ok with you two?
“We need to think about names,” Sherlock finally murmured, glancing up at John from beneath his lashes.
Minding Watson was a thoroughly satisfying and engaging way to spend the day, and SH believes this trial run was successful enough that JHW will consider SH a viable source of child care in the future. Future engagements will likely be far less peaceful, as Watson is rarely as perfectly well behaved as she was today, but SH
Though of course, congratulations are in order for the two of you, as well. John’s blog post was quite touching.
It was time. One way or another, he would have his answer soon. No point in panicking over a decision already made. No matter what happened, he and John would make it through. They could make it through anything. Always had. Always will.
/ 19:48
The fire popped and crackled as John threaded his fingers through Sherlock’s curls again and again, feeling the hum of tension between them grow with every passing moment. He was almost certain, now. Certain Mummy had been right, that the barest nudge in the right direction would show him Sherlock’s heart. That the only thing keeping them apart were words.
because my brief respite from professional writing work has come to an end. I'm still going to be trying to end each day in a logical, satisfying place, but I have about 20 chapters to unload in the next 5-7 days and a few of those feel like they need to be one or two chapter days for emotional impact reasons. So. You might have some 4 and 5 chapter days. Today will be one of those. Sorry for all the emails!
John couldn’t tell if the flush in Sherlock’s cheeks was from praise or exertion, but the proximity of Sherlock’s mouth was dizzying, the air between them charged. He nearly grabbed Sherlock’s lapels and pulled him into a kiss right then.
[JW walks over and climbs into SH’s lap, straddling him on the couch. They kiss for long moments, but JW pulls back before it can get too carried away. They nuzzle and exchange a few more small kisses.]
<<<End Summary>>>
John licked his lips.
/ 3:20 PM
“You left me, too,” Sherlock shot back, then clicked his mouth shut as if he hadn’t intended to say it.
MIND:
"I'm not even going to ask how you know about that nickname. But you're missing my point." He took a deep, steadying breath through his nose. "They'd be surprised to see me show up with a
[Those assembled groan in agreement. JW and SH look at each other and shrug, grinning, and share a kiss]
Your assigned caseworker will be friendly to your cause.
“My mother had a cat when she was a child. I’m named for … the cat.”
Sherlock woke on Christmas morning with his nose in sandy greying hair and a sleep-warm, pliant John in his arms. The mess of soft grey sheets cradled them in a cocoon of their mingled scents and body heat while John’s gentle, even breaths puffed against Sherlock’s neck. Bright morning light spilled through the window—after eight o’clock, by the positioning. Mummy and Father would be expecting their Christmas morning festivities, but the idea of leaving his current position was completely unappealing to Sherlock.
/ 10:31 PM
Never mind
“That’s Lestrade! We have a case!” Sherlock darted into the kitchen and snagged John by the wrist, dragging him backwards away from Mummy and her snake charmer’s words. “So sorry, Mummy, but the work calls. John and I will be back before Christmas morning, but—”
TITLE: The BBKA Guide to Beekeeping, 2nd Ed. / by Iv
year,
“He took such advantage of my boy,” she continued, “but of course Sherlock wouldn’t hear a word against him. We all make mistakes in our early relationships, though. What about your first boyfriend, John?”
At last.
Sherlock growled in frustration and scrubbed his hands over his curls, but when he spoke he was tired. Defeated. “You would have regretted not going back to her.”
“God, how I love you, Sherlock,” he said, as natural as breathing. “I’ve loved you from the beginning and I’ve never stopped.”
Ta, mate, that’d be good.
John has historically been quite reluctant to open up during our sessions, but this session, as with the past two, was considerably more productive. As soon as I prompted him to describe how he was feeling, he revealed that he’d gotten drunk the night before and broke down over his conflicted feelings regarding his deceased wife. He continues to struggle with deep feelings of self-loathing and guilt, though today he was able to put a finer point on those feelings: He feels that he is not sad enough over her death and judges himself harshly for, on some level, being glad she is gone. The feelings are intensified by his continued fixation on her dying words (as described in session notes from 12/1/2017) and the associated guilt, especially regarding his emotional affair(s?).
"Hey," he said, and nudged Sherlock's hand with his own. Sure enough, those long violinist's fingers twitched toward his, like they wanted but didn't dare.
/ 14:42
I want so badly for this to be the last moving on I ever do.
“Call today.”
Mycroft would read between the lines. Mycroft would know.
TITLE: My First Signs (BSL) / by Annie Kubler.
Follow me on tumblr at
[Unintelligible]
Sherlock opened his mouth to speak, then closed it again, his gaze flicking over John’s face. “I can sleep on the couch…” he finally offered, hesitant, but John cut him off.
Playing a role.
/ 12:30 PM
/ 11:39 AM
Bordering on awkward sometimes, if I’m honest. Circumstances and sheer bloody stubbornness conspired to keep them apart, but that connection never went away, through all their trials. It’s as much a part of them as adrenaline and cleverness and a general disregard for the law.
[delivered into John’s coat pocket on January 16th, sealed in a heavy paperweight envelope]
That night, John lay curled around Sherlock’s back, holding him through a bout of dark mood. No particular source, as was often the case with depression, though John had his suspicions. Healing cannot be done on demand, no matter how great the motivation, the ugly flip side to Sherlock’s earlier joy at their good news. A vicious cycle—the more he worried about being unwell, the more unwell he became. John ran a hand down Sherlock’s side from ribs to hip in a slow, hypnotic comfort, privately reviewing his mental catalog of antidepressants and drug interactions.
- A.E. Housman (1859–1936)
“Where are your keys?” he murmured to Sherlock as they reached the door. Sherlock reached a shaking hand into his trouser pocket and withdrew his keyring, the metal clinking faintly with each shiver. John took them from him with gentle fingers, automatically flipping to the correct key and unlocking the front door.
all purred in that thick Scottish accent.
Sherlock’s father clapped a hand on his shoulder and squeezed. “I’m sorry you had to go through that, John, but I’m glad you’ve found some peace.”
“You’ll need someplace to stay. You could go to Greg and he’d be accommodating, though considering his own recent divorce you might find the company a bit dour, and he’ll insist on
/ 10:58 AM
attachment,
Suicidal [X]   Homicidal [  ]   Self-Injury [  ]
“It’s been excruciating,” Sherlock said with complete naked honestly. “But he still has to say yes, you know. It’s not… automatic.” He risked a glance up at Lestrade, only to find an incredulous expression waiting for him.
It could have meant anything. It didn’t, but it could have.
To: harrywatson@email.co.uk                                              18 Jan 2017  |  19:36
Sherlock Holmes, John Watson, Rosamund Watson
[They kiss again, gentle at first, then more forceful. SH runs his hands up under JW’s shirt and pulls them closer together, and JW groans and buries his hands in SH’s hair. Clothing begins to come off, one piece at a time and that’s enough of that]
Sorry, bad joke. Really sorry.
Thank you, Mrs. H.
He drew back and smoothed out the crumpled envelope, drew it between his fingers over and over until his heart calmed. The glue sealing it shut gave way easily, and John withdrew the single folded sheet inside. A steadying breath, then he met Sherlock’s gaze.
Was it the champagne? The warm glow of firelight? The intimacy of their shared secrets at dinner, or the comforting lull of home?
“I don’t mind.”
“A price had to be paid, Doctor,” Mycroft said, not unkindly. “He was offered options. This was the one he chose.”
It’s me
Sherlock stood at the window, playing something longing and sweet on his violin, while Molly sat on the couch with a medical journal and a highlighter, her feet propped up on one of the many still-packed boxes. They both turned to look when John walked in, but something must have shown in his face, because Sherlock’s expression immediately snapped into focus.
I think Sherlock will, too.
John barked a harsh laugh. “She lied about everything else. Why not that, too? We were always careful. I have to know.”
Sherlock made a high, incoherent moan and John found his own wallet being pressed roughly into his hand.
This chapter rated G.
John continued his alcohol log from last session, which fortunately revealed only a single drink between last Thursday and today. Details about the drink are in session notes. John continues to have occasional troubled sleep, though these days he is more often kept up by racing thoughts than by nightmares. He is processing a lot at the moment, so his excessive pondering is understandable, but I’ll be keeping an eye out in case it turns obsessive or harmful.
when aboard, not here, not real, not)
When asked to elaborate, he hesitated, then said he’d like to think about it a while longer first. He claims it ultimately doesn’t matter because now that he knows Sherlock is open to romance and is gay, he wants to pursue a relationship with him* and admitted to fantasies of he, Sherlock, and his daughter living together as a family, of her being Sherlock’s daughter instead of Mary’s. While he is committed to revealing his own feelings, he assures me that his idea of family with Sherlock is not contingent upon romance.
Yes. There’s more. And we’ll talk soon.
I can do this. I need this.
You’re probably panicking right now because I’m writing you a letter instead of talking to you face-to-face.
Sherlock's head whipped up; two men jogged over, one blond and one ginger, and a strange smile lit up his face, one John had never seen before. He looked... younger, somehow. Almost innocent.
“Good morning Mummy, Father,” Mycroft said, bending to kiss each of them on the cheek.
“I think we’re ready to proceed, here, if we may?”
This chapter is such crack askjdgfajshgd
“So, I saw
“We’re not going to make it to midnight, I think,” John murmured, repeating the motion. Sherlock let out a quiet groan and bit John’s thigh gently.
“Sorry if we woke you, I just…” He wet his lips, looked away, then met Sherlock’s curious gaze head-on. “Can we talk?”
Mary, pleased with the effect, pressed on.
<<<Begin Summary>>>
Dr. Watson and Mr. Holmes,
As the rumble grew louder and the C-17 appeared on the horizon, Sherlock felt the rooftop draw him down, flat on his back, so the painted evening sky filled his entire field of vision. The heavy concrete digging into his spine held him as effectively as if it were poured over his chest, hardened into a stone prison. Sometimes motion felt impossible. Sometimes Sherlock felt like he was standing frozen in the middle of a busy London intersection while humanity swarmed around him.
"Let's go, then. Don't want to be late."
“You forgot devastatingly handsome and incredible lover. I’m hurt,” Iain said, staggering back with a hand clutched over his heart.
“Time to go now, Molly, thank you, goodbye,” Sherlock said, rushed but not unkind.
. Rosie's thumbprint art was conceived of and created by beta reader extraordinaire Ladymacphisto.
John rolled his eyes at them, but turned to Sherlock. “Still okay with you?" he asked under his breath.
Getting dad’s voice out of your head may be harder than you think though. Can I give you some totally unsolicited advice?
His mouth seized at the words spoken aloud, but he made no attempt to soften them. Sherlock spoke to the bookshelf in low tones, keeping his back to John.
“My parents are coming here for Christmas,” Sherlock said, knowing the surprise would knock John off balance. John floundered predictably, his mouth gaping open for a long moment.
John and Sherlock arrived at their appointment holding hands, and they displayed easy affection throughout their time in my office. Both are physically and mentally healthier than they’ve been in a long time. They seem to be supporting each other well in their recovery; John said “it’s been lovely, seeing Sherlock indulge in things and spend time with friends,” to which Sherlock replied that John’s strengthening relationship with his sister has been a welcome change.
“No,” John said. “I’m not.”
He’s been working his way through a list of things he believes will bring him happiness, and though I’m concerned about the almost manic nature of his quest, it’s perfectly in line with his typical behavior. I’m willing to write it off as a quirk of personality for now, though I’ll be watching carefully for any signs of a subsequent crash after this intense pleasure-seeking behavior. In the meantime, the things he’s been pursuing have been quite positive. He treated himself to several things he formerly considered beneath him and spent an evening out with a longtime acquaintance and colleague, Greg, whom he now counts as a friend and confidant. His conversation with Greg inspired one of his greatest moments of progress this week: He has acknowledged the abrasive front he puts up to protect himself and admitted that he wished it wasn’t expected of him all the time.
/ 12:22
Subject: Please read ASAP
Sherlock had his back to him, staring out the window to the street below, hands clasped at the small of his back. A moment of silence passed before Sherlock stepped back from the window and turned, his expression unreadable. John steeled himself for his first attempt and raised one hand as Sherlock came close.
a scientist (obv)
17 June 15:32
a best friend
They lay there in the dark, their arms wrapped around each other in the bed they now shared, in the home they’d built and destroyed and rebuilt. John poured every ounce of his love into the glide of his hands and mouth, smoothing over the cracks and scars and damning evidence of uncaring use. Through six years of demons and ghosts they’d found each other, and John let the certainty of it settle once and for all into the deepest parts of his heart.
“Only Ella.”
“Oh, who cares. We’ve been waiting long enough.”
But it’s not just moving in with a flatmate anymore. Or at least, I don’t want it to be.
Well, here we are. Finally!
W. Sherlock S. Holmes
[She babbles as he kisses her on the cheek and passes her to MH, who has picked up RW’s yellow overnight bag.]
No one even batted an eye
me because of it and
[Written on plain white paper and sealed in an envelope with “For Sherlock” written on the front, then left in Sherlock’s coat pocket]
“After what I said earlier…” He broke eye contact. “Word might get out, I’m afraid. People might talk.”
Sherlock’s watched in a daze as John picked up his bag and left. His head swam with the heart-pounding intimacy of the moment, his cheek burning with the memory of John’s lips. He stared at the spot where John had stood, silent, trying to process, when a thought occurred to him:
He'd just have to take a leaf from Sherlock's book and perform an experiment.
In what way, in what
[Comment deleted]
For the first time, he allowed himself to truly hope.
“There’s no choice, Mycroft. I can’t be with Mary. I’ve been wrong. I’ve been
“No, John,” Sherlock said, opening his eyes and looking straight into John’s. “I’ve never been with a woman and never will. I don’t think I
see the value in your own life.”
I want to repay your trust in me with confidences of my own, but… there’s something I have to do first. Can you be patient with me for just a little longer?
The evening stretched into a lazy indulgence, with pie and coffee at the table, then cards and champagne in their pyjamas in front of the fireplace. John sat in the armchair while Sherlock sat on the floor in front of him, leaning against the left arm of the chair, his legs stretched out in front of him and his cards clutched tight to his chest. They played hand after hand, and Sherlock drifted closer and closer until he was pressed hip to shoulder against John’s leg. When Sherlock smarted off one too many times, John shoved at the back of his head, then found himself wholly unable to pull his fingers from Sherlock’s hair, massaging gently at his scalp and running his fingers through soft curls. Sherlock hummed in the back of his throat and tipped his head up and to the side so his cheek rested on John’s thigh. The whole thing was so sweetly familiar and breathtakingly new that John’s veins thrummed with contented warmth and crackling possibility.
Sherlock pressed his lips into a thin line and blinked rapidly.
To everyone who has commented along the way, please know that you have my eternal gratitude. You’ve made every single day bright with your thoughtful, kind, and hilarious words, and I’ve never felt so supported or appreciated as a writer. It’s been beautiful to watch you all slowly start to talk to each other and interact—how cool to have a little community forming in the comments of the fic! For me the real joy of writing is sharing it, so thank you for allowing me to share this work with you. It healed a lot of my pain over series 4, and I’m so glad it could do the same for some of you, too. I’m actually quite crushed this whole experience is over! Well, except for the occasional missing scene to be written in the future—
I believe in helping people who are unfairly persecuted
“Honestly, John, you do know what gay means, yes?”
(See the end of the chapter for
…and came running back out less than five seconds later with Lestrade hot on his heels. John was waiting for him, a dangerous gleam in his eyes and a wicked set to his mouth.
A morgue is an odd place to discover life.
/ 20:12
“Absolutely,” he said, shedding his own clothes on the way.
thing,
John pursed his lips and followed.
Footsteps thudded on the staircase.
“Where do you go?” John asked.
"Come with me to the reunion," he said before he could think it through too much.
“The Ink Spot is the name of a rare books shop,” he said, injecting a healthy dose of disdain into his voice for the benefit of the assembled officers. “An analysis of the cuttings proved they were all taken from the same book, an edition that dated from the late 1800s. Very few places would carry such a book. Could have been purchased online, but I’ve done business with the proprietor of The Ink Spot in years past and figured I’d ask around. Turns out the book had been recently sold by a colleague of his across town. From there it was simple. Credit card records, CCTV. Child’s play.”
You said there’s more for you too? To talk about?
‘Pet my camel.’ What would that even mean?
“Thought you could show me around London for the night, take me out on the town. And in a country where sucking cock isn’t illegal, too, what a luxury! What do you say, posh boy?”
John’s stomach turned. God, what was there to say?
Shove off
[The following letter is printed on plain copy paper with a signature in blue ink at the bottom and attached to the surveillance transcripts of January 26th with a paperclip]
Subject: Re: your question
[SH takes the envelope and immediately looks puzzled, hefting it as if testing its weight. He slides a finger under the flap and pops the seal easily, then withdraws a single piece of paper. He unfolds it, his eyes widen, and he freezes completely, not even breathing. The paper is blank. At the bottom, a black and silver ring is tied on with a deep blue ribbon]
You are absolutely it for me. And I want you to be Rosie’s father. That’s why the three stripes on the ring. One for you, one for me… and one for her. Your daughter.
particular line of discussion to a sharp close. "So, love languages, yeah. They can help friends and family too, you said? What about you, Sherlock, what's your love language?"
/ 20:02
Projecting them along that substantial life,
/ 11:18
Mary barked a harsh laugh, signed the last paper, and threw the pen down on the table. “You think you have everything tied up all neatly, don’t you? Well. Enjoy fucking Sherlock. I’ve got my own life to live.”
feel of Sherlock squeezing around his finger nearly did it anyway. The angle was awful, and his wrist hurt almost immediately, but John would have sooner marched back onto a battlefield in Afghanistan than stop the slide of his finger inside Sherlock. It was impossible to seek out his prostate, but Sherlock didn’t seem to care, just begged for another finger and moaned at the stretch. He leaned back until he was nearly sitting up straight, riding John’s fingers like his life depended on it, eyes closed and head thrown back in total abandon.
BARCODE: 31743307560833
Bequeathing hence types of athletic love,
Definitely going to be late.
John took a few days to make some baseline observations for his experiment. He’d been a medical student, after all; Despite what Sherlock thought, he did know a thing or two about research. Average physical proximity, with an additional count of significant deviations. Average number of texts per day. Frequency and duration of eye contact. Average number of significant* touches per day.
John's both concerned with how Moira will react to Sherlock and to her situation in general. At this point he of course doesn't know that Moira is actually one of K's more fortunate victims, and since she was physically injured as a result of the abuse, it creates especially vivid images for him, that he doesn't want to deal with. And a very small part of him has already figured out why Sherlock is so determined to get on the case.
"You could have just asked me," John said, resisting the urge to laugh.
“Yes.  K's wealth is extensive enough that when no one else is available, children to assault can be bought.”  Sherlock was back to his calm deducting voice, even when Lestrade gasped in shock.  “Jennifer Ogbeide-Bena was one of them, and that money went to her mother's drug habit.  Since one threat she probably heard was that she'd be taken away from home if she told, her enforced stint in care was enough to make her not say anything again.  Like Moira Aherne, but more severe.”  He turned for the door.  “You may listen to the recording.  John and I are going back home.”
Once again Sherlock stirred, and this time it was for real. At first he just stared dazedly at John, trying to place himself, fighting out of the fog of sleep. Then something clicked and the look on his face changed from confusion to sheer unadulterated terror. He jerked himself into a sitting position and was clearly preparing to flee. "Sherlock," John said, hoping to calm him down without having to restrain him. "You don't need to panic. Take some deep breaths."
"You can ask her if you want, but if she's not comfortable coming here I'm sure Sherlock will talk to her at home again," John said quickly.
His three siblings rose to their feet.  They closed in on him and even while he was still seated they managed to form a group hug.  Christine and Dominic returned to their seats after a minute or two, but Martin stayed standing, a hand on his brother’s shoulder.  “What he didn’t know was that She’d told me to do something too.  If I didn’t want him to get the same thing I was supposed to show him the magazine and get him to, well, like She said ‘suck your cock’ when She told me and I was supposed to do anything to make him do it.  I was glad I didn’t have to hold a knife against him or something but then I thought whatever I’d done with Her had made me so bad it even spread to my brother.  It happened a bunch of times.  Not just with Graham, but Dominic too.  Graham and Dominic had to do the same things too.  Even after we left Her house I couldn’t make myself spend time with them, because I knew they hated me for making them have sex with me.”
John’s face swam above him, but it was Daniel’s voice that spoke to him in concern. Clinical hands touched along his jaw, testing his responsiveness even as he greeted Sherlock back to the world of the living.
tactile while affectionate and relaxed and aloof and manic at any other time. John's observations
Servitude.
“Then why?”
Those pale eyes flicked to John’s lower half, and an echo of an impish smirk touched the Selkie’s lips.
When he opened his eyes, John found one of the straps of his harness broken, a nasty scrape stinging along the side of his left temple. He couldn’t seem to hear properly, everything ringing and whited out, not quite real. It was instinctive the way he knelt to unstrap his legs from his harness, to slide onto his feet. His knees shook- he had to lean against Sherlock’s hide in order to steady himself. The Dragon groaned, the sound a low rumble of irritation and pain as he painstakingly shrunk himself into a smaller form.
“Partner.” John finished with a small wince, hoping he didn’t sound as stupid as he felt. It was all he had left besides attempting to attack a super-powerful Spirit in his own domain, to negotiate. “I… I’ll fight you. and… and I don’t keep quiet when I should and I’ll make your life hell and won’t clean up after you-”
hoped he hasn't slept with this man.
John's pale brow furrowed in concentration, his tongue stumbling over the complicated clicks and squeaks within the name. He was suddenly determined to do better than the other child, and finally proudly said “Sherlock Holmes!” with a large grin. The pale boy smirked, glittering eyes twinkling with the motion. It was a strangely innocent expression, and John found himself smiling in return, laughing as the creature insisted on repeating his name until it came out vaguely as
Sherlock felt something cold twitch in his stomach as he looked at the clothes John wore. They fit him, but they were not the clothes he had left in. In fact, they looked to be brand new. Not a scrap of dirt or dust was on them, and the detective experienced the rather jarring experience of being unable to deduce where his flatmate had been. Combined with how Claude stopped a foot away from him, hands placed carefully behind her back as if expecting punishment, the detective felt something unpleasant and wrathful rear its head in his chest.
t' look after.”
His thoughts ran in circles, replaying what had happened, over and over again like a vulture circling a carcass. It haunted him, filled him, and the only sound that escaped his lips was a high-pitched and rather distressed whine as he once again recalled the cold blue eyes that had claimed him with one singular command.
drifted through the speaker, the sound muted and dull behind Mrs. Hudson's question call of
He chuckled, shaking his head.
Father didn’t much notice one way or the other. Sherlock was sixteen when the estranged man showed up into their life, quiet and kind and yet so very
“It was never my plan… You never wanted them, and I… I liked to work… I still do. It was never –”
“It is when one of our personalities has been ducking your observation now for years and you've all but given up on ever finding him.”
His mother rolled her eyes, a patient laugh piercing the air.
, and the lingering flavour of sweets in his mouth. And overall sensation of fear.
He is surprised when John's voice, laced with a fairly calm Scottish accent, drifts through the door. Its tone is strained but extremely different from the Welsh-accented person he had met a moment before.
John laughed, delighted at the image. In response his grandma grinned.
Guarding The Gateway to the back.
“Correct, Mr. Holmes.”
But it wasn't that he had
“It’s… it’s nice, this. Being able to… to talk about it to someone and have them not look at me like I’m completely mad. Everyone… Even when I was little… No one took me seriously about Selkies and myths and legends. Not since... my grandmother.”
warning for misgendering, drug use and overdose, and all the usual triggers in this chapter. After this the next chapter will likely be about Mycroft and Sherlock's relationship and how it's evolved over his life. ^_^ enjoy
Sherlock's throat burned with the effort it took to stop the strange lump from conquering his composure. He
John liked to imagine that his grandmother's cottage was a pirate ship. An ageless thing, it creaked arthritically when the wind blew against it, much like its owner in that respect. The young boy could hear the sea whistling in the very hardwood, and he chased after it with padded sock feet as he searched the house for buried treasure of all sizes and shapes.
“Y-yes,” Mycroft answered aloud, his eyes slipping shut.
To that, the only reply was her steadying presence, even as collectively the Alters reached out, knocking on Sherlock Holmes' bedroom door.
“Sherlock… What am I doing in
John didn’t have much time to respond, because before his eyes the Gem was falling apart, crumbling into pieces. he didn’t have time to tell her his actions were instinctive- not worth her praise. He did not have time to tell her that did not want her gift, did not want this changing body. He did not really have much time to say anything at all truly, for the woman clutched at her chest -where her Gem lay- and broke it apart from her body. Lifting John in the air with one hand by his shoulder, she thrusted the vital piece of her form forward, ignoring John’s scream of pain as it connected with his skin.
explain it to someone under the age of twelve. His fingers drummed on the edge of his seat, and he
“Is it... Is he back on the drugs again?”
John pleaded. He begged and eventually yelled, but the door remained locked tightly. In fact the only sign that Sherlock was within his room at all was the fact that occasionally the detective would scoff at the army doctor's attempts, a harsh and bitter sound that did not actually sound amused.
Still.
“I found out only a short while ago John. One of your.... One of the other versions of you sought me out when they ran into a spot of trouble.”
Together, like playing in an endless feedback loop, was the predominant chant they shared as they pressed their foreheads together and closed their eyes against the world.
After all, Blue could switch with him when he was finished, and she was... unpredictable to say the least. Sneak's nose wrinkled at the thought of his older sister, and for a moment brief sadness flashed in his eyes and dispelled his grin. She'd need someone to hold her in place.
Bill didn't look up from his folding of clothes as he spoke, but his voice held an edge of caution. His green eyes burned under his fringe of dark hair. John wordlessly reached out once to stroke the edge of one of Sherlock's wings, watching as they turned a dark and unreadable blue.
“However, Mr Victor Demetrio Trevor, do not come to
John's greatest enemy at the moment was himself.
“Sherlock, we need to fly.”
John trusts him.
, how quickly do you think our detective would come snooping along? Asking questions he cannot know the answers to? Do you think he'd not take it as a personal offence if he walked into Baskerville only to find his beloved
Neither man dared to breathe until John felt the faintest fluttering of heat beneath his fingertips. At first certain it was imagined his breath caught, a burning feeling in the back of his eyes stinging as he waited, baited by hope.
Somehow, he thought to himself that the comparison was likely just a bit not good.
, because Sherlock has never really felt wholly male or female. Rather, he likened himself to a muddle of puzzle pieces, all connected at odd angles and shapes, a foot in neither here nor there. A grey area in a canvas of pink and blue. Although he had learned over time that there was more blue than pink in the mix, that his skin usually only crawled when he looked back at his past.
you cannot keep
So, he could assume then that Daniel had been alive for some time, to have perfected that movement even while he noticed how the man took stock of all exits and exactly where he was at all times. There was an alert quality about him, though outwardly he remained reasonably polite and relaxed.
Followed by a heavier, heartier,
Since she had turned fifteen, John's sister had come under the eye of many a village boy. She had sprouted from her childish, gangly form, and now had not only an attractive appearance, but an impressive will to boot. She had become the target of nearly every eligible suitor within a hundred miles, and had even caught the attention of a few wealthy individuals outside of their village. As a result, her parents used what little money they
Concrete buildings arched high over John's head, threatening to pierce the slate-grey sky that threatened the promise of a good rainfall in a few hours. The air was crisp but not freezing, and he flipped the collar of his coat closer against his neck as he wound his way through the oppressive packs of everyday society in an attempt to find a safe corner to catch his breath for just a moment. As he did so, he became aware of the different lines of chatter that flew over his head, hundreds of people having thousands of different discussions at once.
“Who told you that?”
From across the room, Sherlock stiffened as he saw the English Dragon tower over his Master. A low growl rumbled from his throat, drowning out the palpitations of his heart. Andy sighed, leaning back as he removed the stethoscope from his ears. He kept his voice low and conversational.
so you guys have probably noticed I'm doing the Alter's stories in chunks, and a bit out of order. this is completely intentional. (As in, claude's story will be continued upon as time goes on)
Lestrade took one look at John's haggard face at the pub meet they'd agreed upon, and something cold dropped into the Detective Inspector's brown eyes. Without preamble, John demanded “Do you know?”
He tucked his nose back against the jumper, dreams already filtering into his mind. Flickers of images. Stars. Snow.
was as it had been when he had left. More than anything, he dreaded going back to
“Don't think I didn't notice. You don't have the remote to his collar anywhere, and yet he's kneeling like a kicked puppy. You don't seem to be the blackmailing type though, or one to resort to physical violence. You've been treating him like a pet haven't you? You managed to turn a weapon into a
But the elation slowly dissolved into frustration. How could he ask it questions if he didn't understand it? He could observe behaviour, but as of yet the most the stupid creature had done was cower and hit him.
John stared for a moment longer at his own reflection peering back at him. His mismatched eyes seem to ask him what he was waiting for. The light was reaching the edge of his bed, rippling in invitation. John didn’t need to be asked twice, he reached out in spite of himself, unable to tear his gaze away. This was what had caught his eye about Dragons in the first place, a primal call towards their power.
“I am called Mycroft, and Sherlock is my brother. He… would likely refer to us as enemies. Arch-ones, even. Yet I… worry about him.
Sherlock to protect him in a battlefield, because he couldn't even guarantee the Dragon would be willing to protect
The detective gave a faint smirk of amusement. He might have guessed.
The giggle that escaped John's lips was high and childlike, and it held a kind of innocent warmth to it that made Sherlock's mouth have to fight to stay in its thin line of stoicism. It was strange; to have John before him, suddenly so bright and vivid and playful. There was a loosened, relaxed note to the man's shoulders that wasn't there normally, as well as an obvious flexibility that the Detective suspected the ex-soldier wasn't aware he possessed. Visible in how the personality sat.
was recruited by the
After a second, he spoke, cutting into John's panicked thoughts.
and haltingly, John explained the row he'd had, the cold silence after, and the worrying absence of his flatmate even when he was only a room away. He spoke of the concern he felt worming away in his gut, and his anger at both Sherlock and himself. He explained until his mouth felt dry and he went to drink from his pint, only to discover that he'd managed to drain it over the course of the conversation. During it all Greg remained quiet, eyes glinting in understanding and growing distress the more John opened up. When the army doctor finished, the DI all but groaned, rubbing at his face as he struggled to find a solution to the tangled mess the helpless man before him seemed to have gotten himself into.
John cowered, suddenly faced with a scaly muzzle armed with rows of pointed teeth, breathing ice against his face in harsh snorts that sounded almost as terrifying as the low growling coming from its parted lips. Plum-coloured gums were visible as the creature bared its teeth at him, slitted eyes a blazing light blue. Twin cold fires that burned with fever, boring unblinkingly into his mind. John could
“The Moon.”
Yet John's vitals were stable, steady under Sherlock's thumb. He felt an irrational prick of uncertainty, even as he brushed his hands over John's arms again and again, feeling the lumped scar tissue and smooth skin.
Somehow, a part of Sherlock rather gleefully conceded that this breakfast was about to become rather interesting. Even if his brother’s gaze was hard and flat, John’s was unrelenting. So he sipped his wine carefully, glancing at the sweets with an arched eyebrow of consideration. It was without breaking eye-contact that Sherlock offered one of the sweetest pastries to John, taking one for himself with his betrothed’s reluctant acceptance of it. Biting into the honey-sweet dish, he watched Mycroft’s gaze tinge with annoyance.
that. I just… it’s all happening so fast. Water-Spirits, mermaids… I feel half the time as if I’m in a dream. Or a fairytale.” John confessed, shaking his head. He stared at the rounded fruit in Sherlock’s hands, wondering what he might see if he bit into its sweet skin. “I keep waking up, and expecting to be back home, at my family’s farm. I keep expecting to hear Harry shouting, or Mary to knock at my door.”
It was time.
Under the blankets, his eyes opened warily, as if to take stock of the fact that today was not to be a good day, and that his skin was already crawling in the sort of too-tight way that it did sometimes when he felt as if he were trapped. Once upon a time, he might have soothed that itch with a seven percent solution, or perhaps by slicing through the fog that coated his mind with the edge of a blade. Now, however, he was old enough and aware enough of himself and his flatmate to know that neither was a viable option.
“The only way you can help us,
responsible, as well as uncertain about how John would react to his knowing.
“You dress in a way that is deliberately provocative without being to the extreme, however it
Sherlock thought of John’s glare, of the burning hatred behind it. No, he thought. John wouldn’t forgive, not even if he did grow to like his living arrangements. He’d still hate Sherlock, and the Water-Spirit found it tedious to walk on glass in his own home. He tasted his wine, responding in an indifferent rumble. Politics, to pretend to be uncaring.
Daniel caught himself hoping that perhaps, just perhaps, the man downstairs could show John even a glimpse of the purpose he had given up on so long ago.
Momentarily forgotten.
“I have scars too. It's.... I don't mind them.”
No one asked when his voice turned raspy and sore, tender and inflamed from a night crouched over a toilet bowl, unsure of what he wanted but hating the fact that sitting there made him feel somehow better despite the pain.
He listened.
“This might be what Dragons need. My people have been trapped in a volcano for centuries because of our fear of Humans, when we have no real evidence of their nature.”
It was a small victory, but he had felt like he had just run a marathon.
John’s eyebrows rose as Dodge informed him of his mission, her eyes serious and sharp in the glow of the lamplight. When she showed no signs of guile, he looked at Morstan, noticing the way she stood tall and important- as if she were on the trail of something vital to the success of the war.
His arm shook, but it wasn't entirely with rage. It was with weakness, and he scowled at it and made it tighten on the young man's throat so that his uncooperative fingers wouldn't lose their resolve.
in ragged coats and trousers. Their hair held the matted, somewhat unclean look of a group of people who had been homeless
“Your eye… it’s, well. You and John must have gone through some awful trauma, to be stuck like…” She trailed off, seeming to see the slow confusion on Sherlock’s face. She paled. “You don’t know?” she asked, seeming stricken. Slowly, Sherlock shook his head.
More and more, he drew away from his pod.
On autopilot the ex-army doctor followed, mumbling a confused goodbye to the inspector. He struggled to keep up with Sherlock’s frenzied, long-legged pace, the detective seeming to at once demand he come and yet wish to lose him.
Indecision, and Albert saw it and grinned a smile that was as wide as a crocodile's. His tone held a note of nastiness that made John's eyes close with resignation of what was to come. It was the same tone he had heard when his unit had been taken prisoner in Kandahar. The promise of violence.
Instead of replying, Sherlock merely asked John a question. It was filled with hesitance, but lined with a kind of desperation that the soldier hadn't heard before in his friend's tone. Soft.
Like a mother crooning to her child, the creature before him seemed to radiate an anaesthetic-like feeling of calm. Almost as though John was wrapped in the numbing tentacles of a jellyfish. It stung, but it only barely registered on the surface. Like a slow-acting poison.
When he finally found the key in his shirt pocket and fumbled the lock open he paused, turning to look one last time at the beast curled underneath the bare bulb of light hanging from the ceiling. Like this, the creature looked somehow just a little smaller, a little less threatening. It whimpered softly in its sleep as if in pain, and John was nearly overwhelmed with how he could sense a quiet sort of sentience within it, past the animal rage he had witnessed. Softly, he closed the door behind him and turned the lock, the sound making the quietest of clicks before he tucked the key back into his pocket. Then, still leaning against the door, his legs gave out on him. He slid to the floor, silent sobs racking his body as he cried over the shreds of his sanity.
in his habits, how
and a single image of a stern but graceful-looking
“Why are you doing this? Why are you being… so…” He trailed off uncomfortably, unwilling to admit that Sherlock’s previous welcome had been less than warm. The Water-Spirit by way of answer pressed the fruit to John’s lips.
without a respite. The leader appeared
Comments/kudos are adored! as are constructive criticisms :P
about and then aborted. John was as still as a
Slowly, John became aware that the being before him had knelt, that pale fingers were turning his chin upwards, their weight as unyielding and undeniable as a storm. The young man found himself face-to-face with an angular, pale man, except he was far from merely a
Sherlock fared only slightly better.
The fire alarm wailed plaintively with John’s ministrations to it, but it didn’t last for long. Burning pieces of paper was efficient enough, but he was soon distracted from his work. This was due to the fact that its shriek muffled the sound of Kate answering the door. The Pearl fell to the ground with a dull thud, and John turned just a second too late. He found the muzzle of a gun pressed against his temple, a cold voice with a foreign accent cutting over the blare.
That decided, the little pup made a decision.
Daniel cussed again, obviously stressed. For a moment Conrad thought that the all-powerful leader had finally realized that there
All of these words
He lifted the weapon, eyes bright even as he took aim steadily. A part of John realised belatedly that time had slowed to him, seemed to narrow to a pinpoint. All he could see was the wild Gem throwing itself towards Sherlock as if in slow motion, the detective’s eyes closed to the onslaught, his violin crooked in his neck and the quivering emblem of his melody ringing in the air.
The detective makes a low sound in the back of his throat that could very well be either an agreement or a protest, the arrow of the laptop hovering over a single sentence. John read it aloud.
to as much as they
HOWEVER. it is here :3
For the first time in years, Sherlock had no collar about his throat. The absence of it was like a burn, impossible to ignore and entirely frightening. A lack of collar meant only three possibilities, and none of them were positive:
“Mrs. Hudson dropped by last night after you had gone. Apparently, she had been making a German chocolate cake for her friends at the bingo hall and just happened to make a small extra layer by accident.” John winked, chuckling to himself at the joke he made even as Sherlock mentally took into account the presence of an elderly Human who liked to bake (Explained the other scent, perfume most likely worn because she is visiting a 'gentleman friend' at the bingo hall). However, his thoughts came up short when he realized that he had no idea what a German chocolate cake actually was or what it tasted like.
“Sherlock would likely gnaw his own leg off before he’d do something like that, so you’re safe on that front. The issue is that Sherlock’s heart- the reason you’re in this whole sticky situation, can’t regrow without a consummated marriage, meaning he can’t go back to his God status.”
Seething, Sherlock had barely been able to refrain from biting that hand, if only because he didn't want kindness when it was obvious all of this would tumble and fall apart like sand drifting through his palms.
again. Then again as John ran his tongue over his teeth, he realised that so had he. The detective's voice was rough and deep with a nameless emotion, something molten and angry and only barely contained.
John emphasized, old annoying flaring up as he rolled his eyes “I'm fed up with him believing I'm helpless, and fed up with him constantly believing he can just sacrifice his own safety to protect
“No, thanks, and she likes everyone.” Molly deflected easily, scooping the Dragon up into her arms with ease. Nalini thought this great fun, rumbling pleased noises. She took the offered chair, letting Nalini curl into her lap like a serpentine puppy. Molly was warm, warmer than most Humans, and so provided an excellent spot to nap on.
Then Sherlock’s thoughts, speaking in the soldier’s mind.
Not many knew, just how often Dodge had done just that. Gripped him by the hand and pulled him back into reality. As it was, he tried not to feel like a failure when his Mistress said softly “You're in no state to drive. Give me the keys.”
Occupied as they had been with each other, neither had been at the party when the Human had wandered up to the castle’s front doors. What Mycroft heard was through word of mouth, his parents occupied as they were with the injured, half-frozen guest.
And the way he says it, Daniel feels like he's in the middle of some crappy soap opera with illicit lovers and petty lies. He resists the urge to spit at the man's polished shoes.
“Failures.” Mycroft stated bluntly, his head tilting to the side. “The reason Sherlock and I are considered brothers, is due to the fact that we were made in the same batch of Gems. We were both intended to form Diamonds, leaders. It’s an extremely difficult Gem to bring into fruition. Yet where I came out fully formed and functional, my sibling… Well, in another time, their Gem would have been destroyed. When under extreme stress, he can’t maintain his form, and there are… other nuances that make him an outlier to most of Gem kind.”
As it was, he had his gun out, trying without success to pinpoint a steady target even as Sherlock's coat became even darker with slick. However there was no guarantee that John would be able to hit Henry without also shooting his mad detective, and that simply wasn't an option given the fact that he had only just recently recovered from having holes shot through him.
Lestrade. The ocean…
“What does that mean?”
“He honestly thought you weren't coming back. I'm not sure how much English he understands, but I don't think your message got through to him before you left. He
Sherlock didn't like seeing John cry. There was something inherently wrong about it. Partly because the tears John was now desperately trying to keep from shedding were not the tears of a grown man. They were the open sobs of a child trying to control themselves and failing, and though the detective claimed
But these were not good thoughts, and if he dwelt on them for too long, he'd surely lose his mind. It would crumble and break, turn to dust like statues left to ruin. He'd go mad, spiralling into the blackness of despair.
“You got me. John Watson and Sherlock, then? Heard all about Northerns, not that I've seen one up close until now.” Without hesitation the man's green eyes flicked keenly over Sherlock's pale frame. He gave a low whistle of appreciation. “That one looks like a handful.”
And in a war where they were to be facing rebels that could turn into two-tonne scaled beasts of horror, that should be something that worried John. A lot.
was a more likely word.
She was completely and utterly deadly when dealing with a body. That was the first thing John noticed, the irony of it not escaping him. Iolite took one look at the victim sitting on the cold metal table, and a scoff slipped from her parted lips, anger seizing across her features.
Later, Mycroft would hear Shyla crying in her bedroom, the sounds muffled and small.
John wondered if Mike knew more about his condition than he let on even as he walked him to St. Bart’s hospital, because the instant the ex-army doctor stepped into the lab his blood thrummed with recognition of another.
with, Sherlock concluded. Claude would most likely be the easiest not only to get information out of but to handle, should things get out of hand. As it was, John seemed more interested in the
“Because you know what my Master is capable of, when he feels left out.” The wolf growled. His gaze flicked once more to John, to their interlocked hand. A cunning expression leered on his features. “Or are you not as attached to this one?” He licked his lips hungrily “Because if so, I haven’t had a human in a millennium.”
However when Sherlock came back about fifteen minutes later, tea-tray restocked and in hand, the detective scowled deeply at whatever expression he saw on his
Whether or not he actually could bring himself to go through with it, and whether or not he could actually take care of something so impossibly, ridiculously deadly.
anything to do with Gems, with their powers. John grew to hate with a loathing that was black and unfathomable and bottomless as the sea.
matter? You mentally retarded or something? Crying like a brat.... Family finally decide to “lose you” in the city?”
him, far more easily than even cocaine.
Howdy everyone!
He didn't
“I just… I don't know how to tell him… He won't know how to handle it…”
Inviting someone into the flat could prove dangerous, given the fact that Sherlock did not trust anyone as of yet besides John and Mrs. Hudson. At one point the young Dragon from next door had brought their post, the postman having put it into the wrong box, and John had found himself tackled to the ground by a snarling Dragon of the North, protected by Sherlock's impenetrable scaly stomach as Sherlock all but threatened to murder the poor servant where he stood. The Dragon, skittish and small, had taken off running back to their Master, tail tucked between their legs.
His instincts were being satisfied, and it felt good. Even if he wasn't feeling well, he felt an instinctual happiness at allowing his Claiming Instincts to take over, Marking his new territory with careful deliberation and attention to detail. He made sure each claw Mark was clearly visible and that his scent was rubbed over everything he couldn't scratch to pieces. It was a manic sort of energy, compulsive and compelling, and something he couldn't wholly control. His rational mind faded away, forgetting completely about the blonde Human staring at him from the far wall until he came full circle, all four corners completed.
It caused a tension to build within the flat, and despite the fact that Sherlock's blogger
John's touch was gentle. Feather-light, so as to almost appear as not to be there at all. Sherlock felt his breath hitch anyway, turning slowly so that he found himself face-to-face with the army doctor, the microscope he had been looking through forgotten.
“I don’t trust you, John Watson,” was what came out of the man’s mouth. John blinked, he hardly knew this man? He didn’t entirely trust him either. “But the fact of the matter is, Sherlock does. I’m reaching a wall with him, and I fear that we’re running out of time to get past it.”
“How did I do what? I assume you mean how is John still conscious?”
Moving rooms had seemed like a good idea, until john remembered that Sherlock loathed (and was terrible at) manual labour. John had been nearly flattened a few times trying to bring some of his furniture down the stairs to their room, and most of it was due to the detective’s disconcerting habit of getting distracted at the most inopportune moments. They would be in the middle of lugging down John’s wardrobe, or perhaps his nightstand table (a ridiculously heavy oak thing that had come with the flat) and the detective’s phone would ding. Sherlock, despite being in the middle of keeping John from tumbling down the stairs would feel instantly compelled to answer it.
am trying to protect
“Mycroft...”
his fear in a real, human way. He stared into his now empty cup, his voice feeling tight as he admitted quietly what he’d scarcely admitted to himself.
“Text Lestrade,” She ordered, all four eyes narrowing like a wolf following a scent keenly “Tell him you’re looking for a killer that is hiding his murders by making them look like heart attacks.”
Hear the
, forced to scrounge. She didn't
But he knew that soon he'd have to make a choice.
relief.
John woke to the sound of a mournful violin being played in the dark.
The Dragon still hadn’t bothered to put clothes on.
John Watson, or rather his physical body (likely not his actual personality) glared up at the government official with tired, purple-smudged blue eyes, glancing from underneath a fringe of messy blonde hair. Though the image was grainy and messy, it was evident that the boy's pallor was waxen, and he held himself as if he were half-feral, eyes alight with savage instinct before the lens of the past. In the image it was stated he was about fifteen, although Mycroft would have estimated closer to thirteen if he hadn't known better.
Sherlock didn't mind giving John dreams, not when his Human so obviously feared the traps of his own mind. Dark-ringed circles about the man's eyes were proof to that, and the Selkie's spidery fingers traced them even as he hummed a low vibrating tune under his breath. The shape of the soldier's jaw was angular, solid; a face weathered by the sun instead of the sea, and it was rough underneath his palm, almost prickly. Selkie's did not get stubble, and so Sherlock felt along the edge of the coarse, short fur, feelings its texture with experimental interest. Beneath his touch, John twitched, lost in the throes of memories not his own. Though Sherlock did not know what a dream was, nor a nightmare, it looked as if his Mate was uncomfortable. Soft cries uttered from the Human's parted mouth, and the Selkie silenced the feeble cries by pressing his lips possessively against him, silencing John even while changing the dreams, shifting them to something perhaps more joyful. In Sherlock's thoughts, he came to drift upon an experience he had as a child. Selecting it, he sang the melody that reminded him most of the past, humming low in his throat and crooning like a mother might to her child. Even as he did, the sun rose its way stutteringly into the sky, the last dredges of night sweeping away to make way for dawn.
liked it when people doubted him and-
In response John stepped back, looking Sherlock in one giant blue eye. His jaw was firm even as he reached up to stroke the creature's muzzle, feeling the cold like a winter chill that never seemed to quite leave his friend's skin. His thoughts were small, but solid.
Still, he had been sure to make his displeasure at such a decision by huffing, a bit of whispered magic at the right time turning John's shower
Of course, as soon as Sherlock noticed that John was staring, the walls seemed to come over him like a liquid tide. John watched as those fine features abruptly schooled themselves, though not even Sherlock could completely hide the dark flush that heated his cheeks. John, still Citrine in appearance took initiative, closing his eyes and shifting back into his more familiar form. The last dying dregs of music from the radio seemed to fill their awkward silence, drifting away to nothing. The two of them stared at one another for a moment, and all John could hear over the pounding of his own heart was that damn voice:
He was silent when people were normally loud, and spoke when Sherlock needed someone to converse with to shine better. To become even greater. Yes, if it came down to it, he'd sacrifice his curiosity if only to make John happy.
. Your mother’s a flame, and it burns so brightly, it
Sarah looked at him, a small frown crinkling her features.
bare arms. White porcelain skin. Though John should
Sherlock snorted, shaking his head as if what John had just said was something so plebian he daren’t bother to answer. The response made John’s vision flash to red, and he grit his teeth hard. Curling his hand and resisting the urge to hit something, the soldier glared at the Dragon in disbelief.
John’s reflexes were fast, but they were not inhuman. Both man and Dragon found themselves toppling onto the bottom cot, Sherlock coming out on top and pinning the soldier down by his shoulders with inhuman strength. John had barely enough time to realise what was happening before Sherlock was shifting, bones realigning themselves and jaw elongating so that the soldier found himself looking up into two brilliant blue slitted eyes.
gasps
and instead came out as powerful and overjoyed. John marvelled silently the range of noises Sherlock could make, the smallest inflection of a growl completely changing the mood of the noise.
The thought made the man pause, and he found himself coughing an incredulous laugh.
“Every year we do this and every year we have the same old tired argument,
He knows because of the way his Handlers look at him, with a mix of cruel amusement and gloating revenge for the many years of enslavement in which he's fought them every step of the way. His wing ached today, in that place where he couldn't quite reach, and he was irritable and moody. It was probably raining outside. He wondered what it tasted like, if it was clear and cool like some part of him seemed to believe it was. Throat suddenly dry, he licked his lips and knelt at the puddle dripping into his Kennel. The water is flecked with rust from the pipes and tastes sour and metallic, but he doesn't much care. It relieves the ache in his mouth and tongue. His tongue darting across his lips as he finished to wipe away any excess water, he let his green-blue eyes flick lightly over the darkness of his Cell.
Sherlock, some kind of objection. Defiantly he glared at his friend, daring him to judge. When no damnation fell from the detective's lips, the army doctor seemed to lose some of his iron. Slumping, he continued doggedly on.
Aventurine was clumsy, when she first came to be. Her limbs were new, longer and shorter than she was used to, and she was quite a bit taller than either John or Sherlock. She nearly hit her head on the door frame as she stumbled and ducked through it, and her toes stubbed themselves on the edge of the couch before she managed to wobble into it. Like a newborn deer, it felt as though she was uncertain of where her edges lay.
She was really quite pretty, under the seriousness on her face. The thought sent a mixture of pleasure and guilt flushing through his system. Not the time. Not the
It was his first thought, eyes tracing the lean curve of the thing's back, the spines decorating it a dark black like its claws. It was about the size of a Clydesdale horse, and John got the distinct impression as he saw the ribs that protruded predominantly from its middle that it was on the
, and not that horrible kibble he had been forced to eat in the Kennels. Not even half-frozen rabbit had this kind of promise behind it.
Instead, he forced himself to step forward, putting himself further into the creature's line of sight while still maintaining a respectful distance. Then, gathering the last of his courage, the ex-army doctor straightened, clenching his jaw. His eyes flashed as he used the most authoritative voice he could muster, the one he had used to make bleeding men hold still and comrades fall into line. The barking order though not understood exactly, carried its message with accuracy.
And his heels dug gently into Soo Lin's side, and the Dragon took off like a coiled spring, Andy's form clutching to her as effortlessly the Chinese Dragon curled through the hole the English Dragon had left through only a moment before.
“I’m glad.” Sarah found that she meant the words. She held up her hand, showing the bare ring finger. “Left my husband and things turned right around.”
at dodging direct questions, the army doctor had found sometimes indirect hints would tell him of Sherlock's mental state. He noticed how sometimes the detective would look at him, as if he were fragile. Made of glass. John noted how the man's hands would seem to twitch as he'd stare longingly at the door, only to freeze when those restless eyes landed on John's form curled in his favourite chair. John heard the soft
John, finding his military bearing, clenched his teeth and straightened. His voice was calm as he looked at Sherlock, refusing to let the detective's wide-eyed gaze go as he stated calmly “Sherlock, don't.”
“We never said you could pass. It was never part of the Game rules.”
“It’s
Of that there was no doubt.
“Sounds cool!” he said. Mycroft silently huffed a sigh of relief. He didn’t expect the arm that wrapped around his shoulder, but wasn’t exactly arguing as Greg waved for him to lead the way.
So this chapter's a bit short ^.^'' Apologies, I can almost guarantee the next one will more than make up for it :)
uninvited.
“Nothing ever happens to me.”
Many thanks to my lovely beta, Tpurr, for working on this chapter. Seriously, you rock.
Sherlock hissed, and this time instead of despair, his voice shook with rage. He screamed the name to the sky, a howl of his own fury, his inability. He couldn’t protect John, couldn’t even hope to
“Yet you do.” Sherlock pointed out, and the man before him gave him such a worn, pained smile that the detective could see it, locked away. The edge of madness, swirling just under the depths of skin and bone and illusion. Sneak was not sane, no.
However as soon as the thought crossed his mind, the Dragon shifted uneasily in its sleep. John froze, mind going blank and anger disappearing to make way once again for fear and submission. The Dragon's tail lashed restlessly for just a moment.
His friend would doubtlessly think his fears unfounded. Or worse, be offended by his actions.
“Let John go, and you'll have something you find more interesting.”
“In times of great stress, a Bond can become… more. It can mutate, since Magic is tied into strong emotions. To put it simply, we were both in dangerous situations, and we both reached too far and managed to touch the other’s Magical presence, instead of just entwining them together.” To demonstrate, Sherlock lifted his hand to pluck at something from mid-air. John watched, confused as a shimmering thread materialized between Sherlock’s fingers. The thread was dark blue, and as Sherlock tugged, John felt a tug in his chest in response. “It links us,” Sherlock murmured “With this thread between us, we’ve become essentially one entity, sharing two bodies. But you need to understand the danger of it. The pain you feel, the pain I feel, it will affect both of us. Your body cannot take what mine can.”
The Dragon, standing still and clutching its egg like its life depended on it, all but howled with displeasure. Though it did not understand English, it could see the intent in the Captain’s eyes and the scent of intent in the air. It curled itself into the sand as if shielding its child from an unseen blow, and John saw then that the village people had chained it to a massive weight by its ankle, preventing it from flying. The sight filled him with an unholy sort of rage, for an instant his mind reading the Dragon’s. Fear and blood painted the back of his eyelids with the creature’s thoughts. John spoke without thinking.
Had anyone bothered to actually befriend the teen they would have found it common occurrence to see Sherlock stubbornly throwing away the food in his cupboards, getting rid of anything that might tempt him into eating.
“John.... Do you trust me?”
“John, believe it or not, my aim in this war is to try and have
of annoyance. The detective's eyes flashed, wildly darting about as if looking for some kind of escape, but finding none they inevitably landed on John's face, his shoulders and how they were set in determination.
“Let him have a bit of childhood still, love. He's only eight, and soon we'll be moving out of our house.  John's going to feel isolated for a while. Let him have some fun while it lasts.”
. This is for your eyes only dear. Don't let him spoil things for you.”
“John… is…
Red meant he could
Wordlessly, the little girl nodded. However, she did not offer any further explanation. Her hands were firmly gripping the armrests of John's chair, and her breathing hitched slightly. The detective called to her in assurance, trying to steady the beginnings of panic that seemed
He had a limp, and a tremor that would not go away no matter how many times he clenched his hands, and a nasty scar that held in it a new shiny chip that when he looked at it directly, made him feel ill. The Doctor’s called it “Blood Fusion”, and it was a trait they had only seen once or twice since the war’s beginning. John listened to the medical jargon with a dazed kind of attention, hardly believing the words coming out of the nurse’s mouth as she explained to him, reading from her clipboard.
“The only way to make this kind of bloodshed stop, is to become powerful,” her remaining sister; Akila, had once stopped her in the hall to tell her after seeing her red and puffy eyes. “You want the laws to change? Father won’t change them, he is too afraid of the uproar it would cause. You must have the heart to change them, my sister.”
He could imagine it would have been uncomfortable to have put on. Sticky, at least. When the last vestiges of it were finally cleared away from the Human's face, the Water-Spirit looked down on John, son of Walter, trying to glean some reason as to why.
“No.”
He sensed meaningless comfort would do no good in a situation such as this.
He rather hit the nail on the head, it seemed.
And so did John Watson, when he went downstairs and realised it was almost noon on a saturday, and his detective was nowhere in sight.
For once, the elder Holmes thought perhaps he had made a fatal error when it came to his sibling. His mother however soon forced the issue out of his mind, attempting to smooth things out by small-talk and fresh tea.
Except his dreams had never let the feeling of water filling his mouth feel so real, nor had the pressure of hands wrapped around his chest been so forceful and unyielding. In the dark of night, a set of eyes glowed like blue fire, and John found himself tucked against a marble-white chest even as a voice that rumbled like a hurricane snarled its claim over him.
“I'd appreciate it if you'd give me some hint of your
” John all but vibrated on the spot, overcome with amazement. He giggled into his hand, spinning around as a rush of manic energy suddenly clutched at him.
"There'll be plenty to eat and plenty to drink. My wife's a chef, and we've never been exactly short on fire since the invention of matches." His blue eyes twinkled briefly, then darkened into something more serious.
to me, about anything you like. Talk in my head, talk out loud, whatever. I might not know what to do or how to react, and I might bollocks everything up with what I decide to do in response, but I'll listen. And I promise I won't ever force you to leave.”
So this is once again unedited, but will be made so once my beta makes their changes :3 Many thanks to neverwhere as always!!! :D
A slam of thunder rattled the very sky. John, although not one to be usually afraid of storms, covered his hands with his ears and shrieked, ducking his head between his knees. His bare ankles trembled with shivers, and the breath he sucked into his chest was released in a sob. Biting his lip, John struggled to his feet, only to half-slip in the softness of the sand turned mud. The stones above seemed now like an impassible wall to conquer, and as he looked at his ruined and bloody palms the little boy came to the rather terrifying conclusion that he was stuck on the other half of the beach. Had it been daytime, John might have considered swimming around the outcropping, the waves were so rough and struck the sand with such vicious force that even he could hear their crushing power and thought against it.
“Something tells me that is not your opinion.”
He also might invest in a leash, if only to make sure the army doctor didn't vanish from his sights again.
The man lifts his chin defiantly, crossing his arms over his chest. His stance is wide, defensive for the moment instead of offensive. His voice doesn't tremble as he replies.
A long sigh. Around them London roared, crippling Conrad's basic function to curling into a tight ball against the brick-work, breaths coming out in beats of three, military style. He rocked slightly, as the distressed Others all began trying to shove their way into control, trying to dislodge Conrad from his place. It didn't work, and part of it was because right now everyone was
The Blind Banker case (As John had at one point suggested naming it) was quickly becoming
“I don’t really
He was in
“I could torture the answer to the clues out of you. Lock you up, perhaps even send you back to the labs from which you came from. How do you think the sanity of your other personalities may fare, once they were faced with their old nightmares once again?”
Hold them at arm's length, and be caring towards their needs but distant.
“Information. Nothing indiscreet. Nothing you’d feel… uncomfortable with. Just tell me what he’s up to. You could even do it instead of John, if you feel like sparing him from anything unsavoury....”
If he didn't understand things, he got angry, and Conrad knew getting angry with him was not a good thing.
Mindless, kind words. Like the detective was calming a small child, John found himself trembling, breaths nearing hyperventilation even as he forced himself to breathe evenly. Still he flinched as Sherlock reached out to stroke the top of his head, the gesture strangely tactile for his
By way of answer, Tanzanite merely shifted back to her more Humanoid form, looking positively frigid.
sorry this is so short ^.^'' school is eating my life and I'm frankly exhausted. Enjoy! Many thanks as always
Then Mike and John found themselves the speculation of many glowing, slitted eyes gleaming brighter than the lamps themselves in the dark.
Because Sherlock was many things, brilliant, aloof and yet strangely affectionate at times, calculating, thoughtful, but above all, Sherlock was
The journey to the palace was nearly a day long, and John itched under the new attire he wore- unused to being out of military fatigues for so long. Designed to look like nothing more than a servant, the soldier’s garbs were silken and light- designed for harsh summer conditions and robe-like. His upper half was partially covered by a silken sash-gaudy blue with white lacing of leaves and sprigs of ivy. It was the royal colours, and John thumbed the material absently, still hardly comprehending his new role and yet simultaneously embracing it. The strangest part for him was the absence of his Dragon, as well as the fact that Dodge sat across from him in similar attire. To see her dressed in such finery instead of practical boots and dusty military garb felt alien to John. He couldn’t seem to stop staring, and Cerioth didn’t really help as he stared right back at John for his mistress, unblinking and silent as stone.
“In a good mood then?” John chuckled in response to the sound, drifting to touch the back of Shyla’s neck. His fingers were warm, and the detective drank in the touch like a greedy plant seeking water. “Normally you’re tetchy without a good crime.”
Tries so hard to blow his brains out that the muzzle of his gun trembles cold against his temple and he's left gasping and sobbing quietly into his free hand. And in the end the darkness comes and when he wakes up again all the bullets have disappeared from their cartridge. Vanished as if they never existed in the first place. Apparently, his
The blonde stepped forward without hesitation, preparing for battle even as behind him Molly held her hands anxiously in her lap and prayed to the Goddess herself that the meeting would go better than she privately expected.
, do you know that?” Sneak complained, but a smile hovered on his lips. Playful. Something on Sherlock's face must have amused him, because he chuckled darkly. “Oh, Sig, are you jealous? Over something as trivial as a quickie in some teenager's bedroom? We didn't even last very long, and John was all safe and tucked away before anything happened. Locked up in his cozy little head-space, up here.” John's solid fingers tapped his temple lightly, and Sherlock scowled. His voice was questioning. Accusatory.
“Sher.... My
“What was
Like the clay doll a daughter of a soldier had once thrown into the bars of his Kennel, frail and boneless.
He thought instead, blue eyes narrowing fractionally. John nodded once, but other than that, didn’t answer. His gaze was becoming clearer by the minute, sleep falling away to be replaced instead with a mixture of curiosity and trepidation.
Hello! :) Mild triggery warning for this chapter! be careful because I love you all *hugs*
The Dragon’s hands tightened at his sides, feeling the weight of mixed feelings creep over him. Dodge had never exactly been a friend, not like John or Molly or Mike or even Xavi. Yet Sherlock didn’t think she deserved the loneliness that could set into a person in Afghanistan, on a compound without someone to trust or depend on. He grit his teeth, momentarily cursing the stubbornness of Humans before Mycroft quietly took his leave.
Molly smelled it when someone else entered her and Mike's territory. A Dragon's nose was at least five times stronger than a Human's, and she picked up the vaguely familiar scent even though she
Although he grudgingly supposed that he couldn't be entirely sure of the last determination. Still, there was
"No.  But he saw me with the insect book She had given me and he asked me who I'd gotten it from."  With every word of testimony Sherlock seemed to speak more in the voice of a frightened child.
This is the first chapter that I had to be careful of pronouns. Since the victim is going to be talking about the perpetrator directly, I re-read everything twice so I could make sure I always used something gender-neutral. For those wondering, K's real name - Kelly Martin - was picked because I wanted a gender neutral first name; not just something that was able to be used as a gender-neutral name, like Kimberly or Ashley, but that is still used more or less equally for all genders. "Martin" is just a common last name that isn't Smith or Jones. Her middle name "Gene" is a bit misleading since that spelling is usually used for men, but I happen to know a real female Gene who runs into this all the time. Since that ties into one of the story's central themes, I decided it fit. And I'm not sure calling her K all the time is the best thing in this meta, but like John I couldn't make myself think of her as anything else.
"Were you in the bathroom then or just sitting on a bench?" asked Sherlock.
"Husband," Mari said.
John expected Sherlock to grab the file as soon as Lestrade walked out the door and start leafing through it, but instead he stayed in his chair and looked down at the photograph of Phillip Rodgers. It looked like he was lost in thought, or memories. When several minutes passed and he had made no attempt at looking at the file, John cleared his throat. "Sherlock? Is everything all right?" Normally he wouldn't have asked something like that, but his behavior had been so off for the last few days he was becoming concerned.
"No.  After a few months he calmed down and acted like it had never happened.  It wasn't until he got the pancreatic cancer diagnosis that he brought it up again."
"Or that circumstances would make it impossible for him to share the information with others."
The rest of the day was almost like those lazy Saturdays where they didn't have a case that had occasionally happened before this one.  John fiddled on his laptop, watched some bad telly with Sherlock occasionally making snide remarks, and made pasta with meat sauce that Sherlock ate about half a cup of.  They both went to bed early; John wanted to go to the support group again the next day, but he didn't mention that to Sherlock.
Even Sherlock could figure out that saying he had no interest whatsoever in playing the game would crush the man.  “Not my favorite thing.”
Lou showed the picture to the jury and proceeded to bring out six more photographs, and with each one Mr. Ogbeide identified his daughter as the person in them.  When he finished this, he asked Mr. Ogbeide "Is the person who you saw on the news and your daughter identified in this court today?"
"Just about the worst you can imagine," John told him.  "I'm glad the police showed up before I was forced to strangle her."
"What happened after you moved here?"  Lou's cheeriness had turned somber.
"He didn't know that I didn't know that."
"No.  Never."
“One of Sherlock’s cases keeping you up?”
"How did you find out about this investigation?"
"What did you say?"  Lou had to know what was coming next, but still radiated calm.
"On a computer or your mobile?"
"Pardon me, Mother," Sherlock snapped back.
Phillip nodded and pulled Sherlock in for a quick hug.  "You're my best friend," he said.
Apparently that threat was enough; the shower turned off.  "I'm coming out," Sherlock said from behind the door.  In a minute he emerged, skin red from scrubbing.  John suspected that he would have scrubbed himself until he bled if he hadn't been interrupted, but he said nothing.  They headed back to the room and got back into bed, like nothing had happened.  John fell asleep quickly, and was half-aware sometime in the early morning Sherlock left the room, but it wasn’t enough to rouse him before the alarm went off.
It was a good thing that Sherlock wasn't particularly talkative this time, because John was lost in thought himself. He kept hearing things Sherlock had said in the past.
"Kieran," his father gently responded.  Kieran unclenched his fists and it seemed like he had lost some of his anger.  "Come on.  I think after this we all deserve some ice creams."  He took his son's hand and led him away from the mirror and out of the room.  Before Mr. Aherne could get all the way across the room to his daughters, Sherlock walked to his side.  He had stood far away from the mirror the whole time, and although he had been looking in that direction his eyes had been fixed on the floor.
I started this as an anon on the kink meme and wasn't sure I'd de-anon, or that I'd finish it. I certainly didn't know that this was going to be over a hundred thousand words and fifty chapters of angst, but the story took hold of me and didn't let go.
I've thought a lot about whether to post this or not. At first I thought the people affected most by it would be bothered by it, but I've asked a few of them and they've all encouraged me to post this. It's not the sort of thing most people read this blog for, I know, but it's important.
“No,” Graham said firmly.  “Right now, I need to say the worst bit.  Before I lose my nerve.”  Christina looked back at him in confusion but both of his brothers paled further and Martin put the ski cap that he was holding in his hands on his head again.  “Because, you know, I didn’t tell anyone about what happened until Angus was born.  Then I said something to Gloria and she said ‘You know that’s sexual abuse, right?’  I told her, ‘No,’ and we talked all night about it.  A few days later, when Angus came home from hospital, Christine, Dominic, and Martin came to our flat to meet him.  All four of us talked by ourselves.  Cause you know, we all thought we were the only one that She had been interested in and that the others were okay.  I hadn’t even told the rehab counselors about it.  Before they came over I had thought I’d apologize to Dominic and Martin.  But they wanted to apologize to me, too.  The three of us hugged and we cried.  None of us had to say anything because we all knew what we meant by apologize.”
Of all of the things John could think of that Sherlock might have said about the situation, that was not one of them.  It was an admission that Sherlock wanted a romantic relationship, true, and a small part of him rejoiced at the idea.  That small part, however, was accompanied by horror at both the idea that John would be okay with a partner enduring rather than enjoying sex and that Sherlock was willing to subject himself to such an arrangement.  Shock must have showed on his face, because Sherlock paled and fled before John could formulate a response.  He sat down on the sofa, suddenly feeling the need to get drunk himself.
"Not until you're calmed down," John stated calmly.  "But if you're really determined to tear those sheets to shreds, wouldn't it be better to use a pair of scissors?"
"Sherlock hasn't taken a case from here in that long?"  She sounded surprised.
“You know how numbers stations work, correct?”
As soon as he opened the door to the flat, he heard Sherlock say: "I thought you were going to be at the trial."  He was sitting in his chair, nothing at his side, not even Hamish.  He had dark circles under his eyes that made him look especially fatigued.
"And after that what happened?"
"I was under a bridge earlier, but when it got dark lots of nasty looking people came there so I left."  He put down the holdall and flute case.  "I put everything in a bin liner before I packed the bag, so that's dry."
Sorry for more delay. I wish this was longer.
"No.  But I think it might be related to something that happened about ten years ago."
Mr. Ogbeide took a deep breath before launching into the story he had told Sherlock and John so long ago.  Once he had finished, he added "I was worried about how Jennifer would do in care but if it was the only way to keep her safe I would have allowed almost anything."
"I don't need to be looked after." Mycroft had tried to look after him, and it had made things worse. He made himself stop before he got lost in those thoughts.
"Little.  Three or four maybe."
“I’m fine now.”  Sherlock took Hamish back into his arms, turned off the light, and went back into his usual position on his side with the stuffed bee as a shield against contact.
"Yes."
"You said before you didn't want to hurt anyone else and now you say that if you didn't she'd call the police on you.  Which one is it?"  A few people sitting near John made disapproving sounds.
"Was that the whole of the visit?"
"Sherlock Holmes."
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock grunted a vague acknowledgement, so John rolled away to dig his phone out of his pocket. Sherlock might resent Mycroft’s interference, but John was happy to abuse it for Sherlock’s benefit. Especially now.
John is likely to wear blue to bring out his eyes (IF he is viewing this as a date), may view matching unfavorably (or not?); might have associations with our time chasing Mary
Completely sterilize refrigerator
one last time… then he closed the distance and pressed his mouth to Sherlock’s. John let Sherlock’s kiss fill all the empty places within him, dig out old hopes dusty with disuse and carefully packed desires, let everything fall into its proper place. He pressed every last ounce of his overflowing, aching sweetness onto Sherlock’s lips, his tongue, his body, and loved, loved, loved.
“It was like when I got shot. It was my mind’s way of helping me stay alive.”
and being gay
The plane soared overhead, and when it reached its nearest point, Sherlock fixed his eyes on its vast gray belly and sent everything inside of him up in a stream of steady light.
How did you know it was about John?
“No,” Sherlock clipped. “This is an ambush.”
The crimes appear to have been initially motivated by the primary suspect, twenty-year-old Lucas Benjamin, being denied a position with the British Army. He began by harassing veterans personally known to him with the goal of causing their mental health to further deteriorate. At some point, he discovered that many returning veterans suffering from PTSD are prescribed certain medications that have value on the streets. This earned him an in with a minor drug dealing ring run out of several shops in Brixton, whom he informed of his methods. The case regrettably turned bloody when one of Benjamin’s accomplices pushed one of the veterans too far with their harassment, causing her to take her own life. We quickly linked the suicide with this case and, with evidence obtained by Mr. Holmes, brought in Benjamin and all members of the drug ring.
That’s actually rather sweet.
Mobile phone belonging to M. Holmes
Sherlock. Get. UP!
John’s eyes darkened, and he took the bottle from Sherlock’s hands and set it on the worktop beside them.
Blinked again.
were expecting the child. And it was surprisingly… I…”
Individual [X]   Family [  ]   Couple [  ]   Group [  ]
Then something wet hit his cheek.
/ 14:32
“You mean… you…”
Teacher is glaring at me
[JW’s head snaps up, his eyebrows raised. SH’s smile softens]
“I rubbed off against him, made a mess of him, while he touched me and… said things.”
"Perhaps he doesn't
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I’m texting Iain.”
/ 14:41
So, thank you, John for your forgiveness. I will endeavour to remain worthy of it.
The hand slid from Sherlock’s elbow, traced down his arm, and tucked itself into Sherlock’s own gloved hand for a brief second. A squeeze, then it fell away.
, John Watson, I mean it!”
(He clears his throat, looks away from Sherlock)
John started to pull away, but Sherlock held him there with a hand on the back of his head, fingers threaded through his hair.
...I do.
John's lips parted in disbelief; Sherlock Holmes was a bit camp on the best of days, but
"Sherlock," he said, leaning in close to murmur the words for his ears only. "You have to consider things in context, okay? You had it exactly right this morning. I'd been repressing everything for years, dating girls I didn't even really like just to prove to myself that I hadn't been staring at my rugby captain's arse. When I was deployed and discovered Army hookup culture, it was..." He chuckled. "Like a man offered water in a desert.  I tried to tell myself for a long time, and even after I got back, that I may have been bisexual, but that I preferred women and only ever slept with men when women weren't an option. But now I… I actually think, uh..."
"You are the fucking love of my life," John gasped, needing to get the words out. "You know, don't you? Right from the start. Fucking wanted you. Went mad with it, every damn day."
This is the second of two chapters posted today. Make sure you didn't miss chapter 9!
No, it’s nothing like that, I swear
Clean cut and well-dressed
“Problem?” Sherlock asked from his spot at the kitchen table.
devastatingly in love with you, John Watson.”
I’m happy to be home, Sherlock. Wholly, completely home, with no obligations elsewhere. This was the last piece of the puzzle, for me.
I might post two chapters today? Haven't quite planned out the week's update schedule for maximum dramatic effect yet. Subscribe, follow me on tumblr, or just keep your eyes peeled in case I decide to drop another one later!
/ 4:02 PM
“This is ridiculous, John. He’ll be fine. He’s done this plenty of times bef—”
I’m clenching my fists again
Maybe bi, maybe not, I don’t know, that’s a conversation for the pub
[He leans back and reaches inside his coat, withdrawing an envelope. He looks at it, turns it over in his hands, then meets Sherlock’s eyes]
Mummy reached across the table to take his hand. “And you have us now, and we love you to pieces, so you never have to worry about that again. Now, who wants pie?”
A long, deep breath. Another.
This is the second chapter for today! Make sure you didn't miss Chapter 39 earlier.
“You’re happy?” Sherlock asked, then drank to cover his wince.
him. Give me one good reason why I shouldn’t take him up on his offer.”
Yes. Always.
"There you are, mate," John said, handing over a few notes. "Good evening."
I don’t think you’re blind, Greg.
Text me as soon as you read this.
John pulled back just long enough to whisper: “I love you, too. I never said.”
<<<End Summary>>>
[SH lifts his head to find JW shifting his weight from foot to foot, clenching his fists, eyes squeezed shut, his breathing laboured. He scrambles to his feet and sweeps RW into his arms, then fastens her back into her pushchair. She complains for a moment, but settles as soon as a pair of ducks walk into her view. With RW secure, SH steps closer to JW and raises a tentative hand. JW flinches away, deliberately releases his clenched fists, relaxes his shoulders, and takes several deep breaths]
“Don’t use it all,” he said, sounding a bit breathless, then poured the rest over the fingers of John’s unoccupied hand. That accomplished, he threw the packet aside, wrapped his arms around John’s neck, and canted his hips forward, thrusting into John’s fist. The feel of Sherlock’s cock gliding across his nearly wiped his brain clean blank—but not so blank that he didn’t pick up on Sherlock’s unspoken request. He trailed the fingers of his other hand from the small of Sherlock’s back, down,
John, who was practically growling beside him, pacing and clenching his fists, doing the sniff thing that meant his temper was barely in check.
"Yeah!"
Go ahead. Open it now.
Well put together as always, but with an extra layer of polish today, it seems
New coffee table
He scooted closer to John, attempting to crowd him out the door, but John held his ground, relishing the warm rush as their legs pressed together and Sherlock's face hovered so near his. Sherlock's breath caught, and John silently ticked off a point in his favor, dragging his eyes away from Sherlock's lips. Instead of pressing their lips together, like he really wanted to do, he decided to start out slow.
It wasn’t reciprocal.
“You were such a young thing then. What, twenty-two?”
“If you want to divorce your wife, then I suggest you get a lawyer and speak with her, not me. I’m not here to clean up your messes for you, Doctor Watson.” Mycroft sniffed haughtily and braced against his umbrella as if to rise. John cut him off.
Then the front door opened and shut downstairs, and the sound of tread on the steps jolted them apart with wide eyes. Heavy, unbalanced—not Mrs. Hudson.
His voice was hoarse, strained, but god, the words were out for the first time in his life and he felt
thing you just said. It's all true. Of course it is, because if you see something you can't help but drag it all out into the open. Honestly, I'm surprised you haven't figured this all out before."
Mrs. Holmes:
She patted Sherlock on the cheek with an indulgent smile. “Sherlock’s old bed is plenty big enough for two. Now, put those things down, I want you downstairs for supper in ten minutes.”
"About how I haven't been with a man since the army. Despite the fact that I was
I wish I’d asked.
excellent, if a bit pretentious, and the honey was unlike anything he’d ever tasted.
"Oh, I'm not saying it correctly. It's like this. My husband always used to show me he loved me by buying me expensive gifts and the like. Now, don't get me wrong, I did love the cars, but what I really wanted was for him to tell me he loved and appreciated me. He could buy me a hundred diamonds, but what I really wanted was for him to actually say the words 'I love you' more often."
“Forgive me, lads, I know it's rude to show up at the flat of your old one night stand unannounced—”
“I’m making you a better offer,” John said, stepping closer still. He plucked the business card from Sherlock’s fingers and tossed it on the desk, then took Sherlock’s hand in his.
, Sherlock. And he looks
Sherlock stared hard at the back of John's head, as if he could see into his mind and read his thoughts if only he could look hard enough.
: Baker Street, position 2
I shook his hand, and tore my heart in sunder,
“Please,” Sherlock added.
The hand around Sherlock’s tightened, and his heart ached, beat hard, sent a pulse of fire through his veins to pool low in his stomach. He felt like a live wire, like a gas main waiting for a spark, and John—
/ 19:48
Blue.
[He pulls SH into a back-slapping hug. SH hesitantly raises one hand to lightly pat at GL’s shoulder]
/ 11:01 AM
(...)
The kiss lingered, slow to end and intense in a way that made Sherlock’s chest clench and lit a fire low in his stomach. When John finally pulled away, his eyes were no less stormy, though his breath slipped between kissed lips a bit harder, faster.
"Sherlock!" he crowed, clapping him firmly on the shoulder with tipsy joviality. "Glad you could make it, really chuffed."
"That mouth haunts my dreams," Iain said, and tapped two fingers over the business card in Sherlock’s pocket. He stepped back, shoved his hands in his pockets and raised his eyebrows cheekily at John, then tossed a quick wink at Sherlock on his way out the door. His retreating footsteps seemed to carry all the air in the room with him.
“I’d say so,” Sherlock said. He leaned his head back against the door, closed his eyes, and smiled.
kind of acknowledgement at such a monumental, long-anticipated change in their lives would have been nice.
She flapped a hand at him. “Oh, don’t act all hurt. You could call up any person who knows the both of you, anyone at all, and every single one of them would tell you that Sherlock’s been in love with you for years. Everyone knows, John,
"How sure are you, Greg?"
Yes to the food, no to the waiting
I want to be yours, Sherlock.
And trusting me
While he waited for the kettle to boil, John took out his phone and turned it over in his hand a few times.
Last one for today. Two more tomorrow, then it's epilogue time.
"No time, John, we need to get there before the forensics unit or they'll spoil the whole thing—"
“Your parents are out there, Sherlock!” John hissed, yanking the covers back over his chest. “Who do you think is cooking the bacon?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Visit #2: 5 April 2017 at 4 PM
“I meant what I said, John. Figuring it all out… everyone hurts someone in the process. Though you obviously decided it was a phase.” He paused. “Not gay, as you’ve said.”
"Oi, mate, you been living under a rock?" Bill said with a mighty slap to John's bad shoulder. One would think the nurse who'd patched that wound up would know better. "That there's the famous Sherlock Holmes, the detective Johnny's been running with since he got back!"
Sherlock took a moment to steady himself, then placed his hand at the small of John’s back and leaned in to be heard over the crowd.
There'll be one more short chapter later today, so check back!
I also need to give another enormous thank you to
John…
/ 10:16 AM
Switchboard - The LGBT Hotline:
More than okay, Sherlock. The three of us, we’re family.
If you think it would be helpful
Sherlock gets to his feet, paces around the body, his hands weaving as he explains his theory to the air. Greg knows he should be listening, but the light glints off the ring with every wave of Sherlock’s hand, so while he means to say
Sherlock snorted at that, and they both collapsed against each other, laughter shaking their shoulders. Hands drifted, the space between them softened, and before long they were swaying gently to the music, John's left hand tucked in Sherlock's right, resting quietly with their foreheads leaning together. Lingering in the moment, enjoying the last bit of tension as it melted away into warm surety.
a crime scene as he fit his lip directly over the ghost of John’s mouth, not drinking, just
HUGE THANKS once again to
(...)
/ 10:28 PM
“Well, tell him we’ll meet him at the station,” Father said. “Where will he be changing trains?”
/ 11:16
John had been steadily more physically affectionate since moving back in post-Mary, nearly a year ago now, but it could have been for a hundred possible reasons. A need for security or reassurance. Fear over Sherlock nearly dying yet again. An expression of their deep friendship. Holding hands in front of family, though… not as easily explained. Was it just something they did now?
If the left one shows greater wear than the right, arrest him
/ 12:18
, teasing the slit, laving over his balls, the crease of his thigh, pushing hard over his perineum. He writhed under John’s mouth, clutching his fingers in his own hair, and when John’s slick finger finally circled his hole and pressed in, it drove the air from his lungs, and he bore down against it with a needy moan.
Thank you SO MUCH to everyone who has stuck with me through this fic, despite me finishing late! If anyone wants to help me go through it and actually edit/beta/britpick/etc., let me know! I’d like to polish it up for next Christmas.
with that wanker,” John cut in, louder. “When were you even in Afghanistan?”
John opened his mouth to reply, but all the air evaporated from his lungs. The urge to flee hit hard and sudden, but he clenched his jaw, balled his fists, and forced his back straight.
[JW pulls back enough to look SH in the eye]
I want to tell you. I need to tell you.
John swallowed, then nodded. “Well, at least we agree on that point.”
"Lovely," Sherlock said brusquely and dropped the envelope in his coat pocket, eyes already seeking John. Obligation fulfilled. Perhaps now they could go home and enjoy a drink without the oppressive stupidity of a pub full of Yarders—
Sherlock, who was running a hand soothingly up and down John's arm and nuzzling his shoulder, providing comfort exactly like a lover should.
: None [  ]   Ideation, but no plan [X]   Plan/Intent [  ]   Other [  ]
“Joooohn,
[GL and all assembled raise their drink glasses]
Are you sure, Sherlock?
I'm out of town at a work thing/visiting with a dear fandom friend, so posting will be sporadic today.
"I think when you were younger, big athletic guys like them harassed you constantly for being gay. Maybe even got violent. Yeah?"
/ 2:36 PM
You’re almost kind of smart sometimes, Greg.
being part of the plan. Mummy’s grin was devious.
A subdued “okay” was all he got in response. He slipped his hands into his pockets, rocked back on his heels once, then fled the room, chased out by unspoken longing and a heavy debt owed.
She knew everything.
/ 14:43
Sherlock's chuckle was low and warm, affectionate, and it sparked a pinch of unease in John's gut. It was the laugh he only ever heard in Baker Street, or over a restaurant table late at night. It was
The second pub may have been a mistake.
Sherlock sucked in a breath, his lips parted, so hopeful and fearful and it took everything John had to not climb into Sherlock’s lap and take that bottom lip between his own.
I don’t know that I—
He would not stay for me, and who can wonder?
(Sherlock remains still for a moment, then looks over at John, startled)
“Is that supposed to be some sort of strange euphemism?” John grumbled, unmoving.
Counsellor / Psychotherapist
20/4/1976
Luke and Liam’s whooping catcalls echoed back from the far end of the street. John flashed them two fingers, then separated from Sherlock just long enough to flag down a cab.
: 00:00:00–4:59:00
, Sherlock,” John gasped. He brushed their noses together again before leaning back enough to study Sherlock’s whole face.
Sherlock tried to tune out John’s voice as he poured over his notes (baking times, brown to white sugar ratios, gluten percentages), but even his best efforts always failed where John was concerned. Especially when John’s voice was being directed at
[SH wraps his arms around JW, buries his face in JW’s shoulder, and begins to cry in earnest. JW presses his face into SH’s curls and holds him close.]
[Scribbled on the empty “Notes” pages in the back of a white and yellow book titled “Baby’s Record Book”]
: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us here today to discuss the recently closed investigation into the Serviceman Stalker, as you all have so charmingly named him.
think about it.
Except he knew his mother. And his mother knew his traitorous heart, knew how it would set to dancing at the sight of their joined names.
his mother’s meddling taking effect, making the atmosphere in the flat strange and heavy, so he snatched the phone from John’s shoulder with no mind for his floury hands.
Central Family Court, First Avenue House, 42-49 High Holborn, London WC1V 6NP
John pushed at Sherlock’s hip to get him to roll over, then helped him sit up.
"I know it doesn't really feel things that way, but I don't see why that would make him so angry."
“Meddling
:  Appropriate [  ]   Distracted [X]   Short [  ]   Perservative [  ]   Intense [  ]   Other [  ]:
“Yes. We can sit down and come up with a list of first and middle names tomorrow. But for her last name, I think we should hyphenate it. Watson-Holmes, or the other way around, whichever.”
John huffed a laugh. In for a penny...
I’m ready to be out.
John blew out a long, slow breath.
“Come on,” John said, waggling the mug as much as he could without spilling. “Come join me. I built a fire, and I just made real hot chocolate from scratch. Try some.”
All signs of ideation or preoccupation with the concept of suicide were absent this week. He has made so much progress that I hope it will be gone for good, but I remain wary and will keep a close eye out for any signs of returning issues. More detail in the summary below.
Sherlock yanked at John’s jumper and vest until he had delicious bare chest above him, then dropped his hands to wrestle with John’s trousers.
Maybe he’d had to catch a later train? Or… or else…
It’s fine.
But even if Sherlock says no, even if we aren’t going to be together, this is who I am.
If you’re amenable.
Fortunately, Lestrade’s Christmas criminal had a sick sense of humor that kept Sherlock was eminently entertained for the better part of twenty-four hours. The obvious connection between the victims was their occupation: all high-level moneylenders and bank executives, four of them. The fun part was the cheerful red ribbon they’d been strangled with and the tiny scraps of paper, carefully cut out of a book and glued to each man’s forehead. They read, simply: “Bah, humbug!”
John jumped at the sudden touch and gasped, thrusting up against Sherlock’s hand, his own hands automatically pursuing his years-long fantasy of getting familiar with Sherlock’s glorious arse. He grabbed two handfuls and dragged Sherlock forward to press their cocks together, his head slamming back against the headrest.
to hear you admit some things out loud. Would you please? For me, John? You know what I want to hear.” She put on a syrupy sweet voice and batted her eyelashes, and it took everything John had not to recoil. He shot a look at Mycroft, who waved a hand from his place against the far wall.
Mary again. Harsh, insistent. There in body but little more than a phantom presence in John’s mind.
“Why do you keep trying to push me back to her? Why did you want me to forgive her? She
Yeah. Yesterday
Sherlock,
/ 12:20
John’s newly-acknowledged sexuality seems to be the primary factor in his healing. At the urging of his sister, he went out to a gay bar with a friend to test his ability to be thought of as gay in a public place. He admitted to having a single drink at the start of the night to help him relax into the situation, but believes it won’t be necessary in the future. He was vague on the details of the evening, but whatever happened there that night helped John come to terms with his sexuality, and he is ready to take steps to live authentically. His search for a suitable label has been consuming his thoughts of late, but he’s ultimately decided to drop the subject. He may be bisexual, but going forward he plans to pursue sex and romance with men only, and with Sherlock specifically. He assures me that even if things with Sherlock never progress to romance, he wants to live openly as a gay man, because “it’s who I am, with or without Sherlock.”
We’re going to talk about this, right?
but I decided not to just wait around until you had time for me later.”
BARCODE: 31743307223411
Subject: Re: Re: Re: Re: (no subject)
I, uh…
His army mates were likely to air all of that before the night was out anyway.
"So, what are you two doing for the holidays? Heading to Sherlock's parents house? Quiet day at home?"
Mummy was a devious one, John had to hand it to her. The house was romantically lit with candles and fairy lights, a fire crackling in the fireplace, the last of the fading sunlight leaving everything dim and warm and cozy.
(See the end of the chapter for
29 January 18:49
Of course, John. When?
“Mrs. Hudson, are you—”
“No,” Sherlock interrupted. “Stay. You have to stay. Mrs. Hudson is spending Christmas with her sister. She already invited my parents to use her flat. Stay here.”
DUE DATE: 15/02/2017
I need to say, so much I’ve never said. And even now, just writing this out is so difficult. I feel like if I were to try to say this to your face I’d just end up having another wobbly, and while that has a certain amount of appeal, I’d rather not ruin all your nice shirts.
Thank you for telling me
Oh for the love of…
“Mycroft, I want that naloxone here in twenty minutes,” was all he said, then slung Sherlock’s arm over his shoulder and helped him to the door without a backward glance. Behind them, the car doors slammed and the engine revved as it pulled away.
BARCODE: 31743000096225
good care of him.”
I deserved that one
His voice broke at the end, and his arms came up to wrap around John’s waist, pull him close.
Preventing co-dependence is a priority for them, considering their past self-care issues and their responsibility to their daughter, and these outside friendships are an important part of that. John does still hold some concerns about Sherlock’s past self-sacrificing behavior: “With things the way they are now, I worry what would happen if we had a Moriarty situation again. You were already willing to do anything. Now, with our daughter…” Sherlock was quick to reassure him that nothing like his fake suicide would ever happen again. He acknowledges now that his presence in John and Rosie’s lives is more important than any protection he could offer them by leaving or sacrificing himself.
You just seem really skittish, Sherlock. I’m worried, that’s all.
20:04:26 to 20:07:47
Tues 24 January 2017 10:20:13 GMT
Jane lowered herself gingerly into her seat beside Mrs. Hudson and took her hand in both of hers. “Ah, but it’s so much more meaningful when it’s small and home done. It was so like Frank to have a big to do like that. Sherlock, you joined us for one right before Frank was arrested, didn’t you?”
John quirked a smile, and made tea and toast for two.
“Should have known we could never pull one over on you.”
I hope that all makes sense.
Another few taps, a quick look at the map.
John covered his mouth with one hand and looked away. Sunlight streamed through the window, illuminating the tumble of dust particles with nothing to settle on.
: Individual [X]   Family [  ]   Couple [  ]   Group [  ]
John's Christmas sentiment just might be the death of him.
[JW passes over the yellow bag, walks backward a few steps, then turns around to walk back to his car. He looks over his shoulder once to see SH carrying RW into 221B. When he reaches his car, JW pauses for a minute on the curb, takes a few deep breaths, and runs a hand through his hair again before getting in the car and driving off. SH stands in the open doorway of 221B with his back to the road for a long moment until his breathing slows. He closes the door behind him at 09:24:56]
if you take my meaning. Absolutely no interest.”
John pursed his lips and glared at the phone, then stabbed out a response.
Sherlock Holmes, John Watson, Rosamund Watson
Sherlock winced. No good way around it.
They didn’t move their hands for the rest of the evening. And when it came time to say what they were thankful for, neither of them spoke. They only looked at each other, smiled, and touched the rims of their wine glasses together with a faint clink.
As a friend
fill the scant space between them.
I’m fine watching Watson so you and John can go to the pub
: Sherlock has made great strides in his lifelong struggle with suicide attempts and ideation. He expresses much healthier attitudes about suicide these days, though he still frames those attitudes around how others will be impacted by his death rather than any great personal value for his own life. He remains preoccupied with the concept, though his healing relationship with his best friend and goddaughter seem to have eliminated any immediate threat. More on this and suggested treatments in the summary of session notes below.
Her gaze slid to Sherlock and burned like a laser sight into the center of his forehead. “He’s all yours.”
Subject: Re: (no subject)
Okay, I've brunched, I've visited family, I've made the 3 hour drive back home—time for two more chapters!
/ 12:24
Sherlock was quiet as they took the first few steps, then murmured: “It’ll be a nice change to not do it alone, though.”
idiots, you’re placing yourself in a… a different
"Ready to go?"
/ 11:51 AM
John sat back and thought. Sherlock had done a lot to infuriate him, that was for sure, but he'd also said some things, here and there, that that had really moved him.
/ 12:31 PM
[The guests voice their hearty agreement and toast, dabbing at their eyes where necessary]
This is the third of three chapters today, and it'll make zero sense if you haven't read chapters 59 & 60. Please read the end note as well.
Next box: awards, certificates, trophies John had never seen. Where had they been hidden? Fencing, boxing, academic awards, two framed degrees from Cambridge. A whole other piece of Sherlock that John had never been privileged to know.
<<<End Summary>>>
thanks for listening
"When we get home," Sherlock rumbled, but never finished, opting to kiss up the side of his neck instead.
on the other end of the phone.
“The first batch of papers is to void the marriage on the dual grounds of Mary Morstan’s false identity and criminal background. Typically there is a six week waiting period between the decree nisi and the decree absolute. You'll notice the forms are dated six weeks apart. I’ll be taking these straight to a colleague of mine after we’re done here to have them approved immediately.”
John’s eyes widened.
Oh, we will, I assure you. John has an amazing—
John met Sherlock’s eyes directly and, holding his gaze the entire time, raised the glass to his mouth and drank deeply. When they kissed again, bright bursts of black cherry and plum lingered on John’s tongue, the flavor better in John’s mouth than it could ever be from a glass.
I assume his majesty will be fine watching Rosie for a little longer
One for you.
/ 10:12
A wicked grin pulled at the corner of Sherlock’s mouth. “In
Between the two of them sat a pair of tickets, a fine bottle of red wine, and a box with “Gousto: Savour Every Moment” along with a note:
The cream you can’t get from Boots
I love you aaaaalllllllll <3
John touching arm connected to hand touching John.
Mrs. Hudson eyed the dish skeptically, but took her place across from it all the same. “This really is quite the production when done at home. Nothing at all like those big catered suppers Frank made us have way back when, don’t you think, Jane?”
John grinned so hard all his worries about Sherlock and their ploy briefly fell away, and he was quickly enveloped in a series of back-slapping hugs. He was instantly years younger, feeling the desert sun, the grit of sand, the comfort of a trusted man watching your back and a bond stronger than anything he'd experienced before Afghanistan, and only once since. He felt instantly at home, comfortable, looked over by familiar eyes and hugged by familiar arms.
But I’m sorry for all the drama I’ve put the world through for years while I denied it
I never should have got married. especally after he came back. but I was so fuckng angry at him for doing that to me, it’s like it undid all the… the PROGRESS
“Yeah, okay, you caught me. While you were… gone, there was this American bloke, showed up on the street one day. Stephen. A doctor, bit scruffy, but looked
“You should probably leave the thinking to me,” Sherlock shot back, but without venom. He stared at the bookshelf by the window for a long moment, then rearranged a few knick knacks for no outwardly logical reason.
Can you say bye to Daddy?
“And I want to be off the suboxone before she’s born. Let’s start the step down tomorrow.”
and all. He’d tried throughout the night, but he thought perhaps he’d offered his praise too freely over the years and it’d lost its potency.
“I’m fine,” he said. “Sorry.”
Go read the letter, Sherlock. Then let me know your answer when you’re ready.
And John never did get an accurate reading for his experiment.
did it mean?
Always.
John’s mouth went hard.
“Yes, John,” he whispered, sweet and serious. “Yes.”
Self-Check Station 2
Molly took a deep breath and stepped back. “Now,” she said, “why don’t we—”
: Appropriate [  ]   Minimal [  ]   Rambling [  ]   Frantic [  ]   Tangential [  ]   Halting [X]   Other [  ]:
Good. He’d need his strength. John had
/ 14:33
seeing Sherlock react, feeling him press harder against his leg, that mouth, those
Iain held up his hands in surrender, but he smirked, the damage already done. He flipped out his wallet and withdrew a business card from between the crammed-in condoms, then tucked it into Sherlock’s back trouser pocket.
John took a slow, even breath and fought back his temper. “And you? Don’t you have anything to say to me? You trying to gain some moral high ground here? You shot him, and he
Sherlock pulled off with a shudder at those words, and John hauled him further up the bed, arranged them so Sherlock’s dark hair nestled against the pillows. He looked up at John, his heart in his throat, and drew John’s full weight down on top of him, wound him up in arms and legs and ground their hips together with his face buried in John’s neck. John worked his hands under Sherlock’s arse and pulled them still closer together, pulled Sherlock’s cheeks apart in a way that made Sherlock throw his head back at the wanton exposure.
Child-size spoons, to be kept in a sterile location
“Tea?” John asked, rubbing a hand up Sherlock’s shoulder.
CONGRATS GUYS!! So happy to see you both so happy! It has been great to follow your story for the past seven years!
Sherlock's lip twitched with a suppressed laugh, and John cut him a quick look over the wreckage of dinner sprawled across Mrs. Hudson's dining table.
Yes. I have an appointment with Ella tomorrow afternoon to go over what I’ve learned and be evaluated
John wanted to say, but he reined himself in. Gay didn't necessarily mean interested in him. He might not be Sherlock's type. Not smart enough, tall enough, posh enough—
You’re welcome, John.
Sherlock’s reaction was immediate and vocal. He undulated his hips, letting out little whimpering moans with every tiny rocking thrust, and John did his best to hold his cock still for Sherlock to use, but it was too good, and after only a few seconds he was stroking himself in time to Sherlock’s movements.
/ 4:02 PM
Two chapters today! Subscribe, follow me on tumblr, or check back later for Chapter 42. <3
“Get me out of here?” he asked Mycroft.
Sherlock was in the shower, still nursing a headache and fighting the black weight of depression, but physically better than he’d been since before the plane. The buprenorphine had worked exactly as intended—relief from the opioid withdrawal symptoms to the point where Sherlock was very nearly functional again, though John regretted that he couldn’t do the same for the cocaine withdrawal. Distraction, sunlight, exercise—he’d make sure Sherlock got through the day, through the cravings and hopelessness and the toxicity of his own thoughts.
The rest of it
True enough, but John couldn’t shake the lingering worry, the sensation of Sherlock’s pulse slowing under his fingers, Sherlock’s shallow breaths on his neck. There were no magic solutions in life, not even the chance at something powerful, something they’d both given up on long ago. There was no sure, instant cure for depression, for addiction, for suicidal ideation.
John grinned, and swallowed it down.
“That’s what Ella said, too. I’m working on it.”
They lay side-by-side on the rooftop in a spot carefully cleared of jagged, broken things. Sherlock went first, spreading his coat out for them both so John’s shoulder wouldn’t be shocked by the cold concrete. John settled close enough for their arms to rest together, a bright point of light in the fading evening glow.
but he drew his edges close and held himself at a safe distance from Sherlock. Just in case.
Thank you for this life, the best life I could ever dream of.
If you don’t want this with me, or you don’t feel safe in a relationship with me, you can crumple up this letter, throw it away, and we’ll still be everything we are to each other now. You will still be my best friend, the most important person in my life after Rosie. You will still be Rosie’s godfather, and you’ll still be allowed to love her and help raise her and be everything you want to her. We can still live together and be a family, if you want that. I’ll still move back home, if you want me to.
Thanks, Greg.
I took away what he wanted. Mary’s dead. I’m try… I’m trying to make up for it.
Would you like a list?
Sherlock pursed his lips and locked his eyes on the crackling fire. It always hurt when people assumed he and John were together, but now that it looked like there was a chance…?
Staff Circ Station 2
"All right, all right, enough torturing my future husband, arseholes. Pint of the bartender's piss for you apes, and their best scotch on the rocks for you, love," he said, presenting the drink to Sherlock with a flourish. Sherlock accepted it and sipped primly, but John could see the gleam in his eyes. He was obviously enjoying pulling one over on these men and approved of John's quick pick up of the game. John quirked a smile at him and sat, scooting his chair close so their legs pressed together under the table.
“So good to see you, John, truly,” he said, thumping him hard on the back. “I hear my wife has been meddling.”
Identify and state specific solutions I would like to see.
“Anything
John bought himself some time to calm his nerves by getting up to fix a cup of tea, knowing Sherlock wouldn't tell the difference in the passage of time whether it was ten seconds or ten minutes. He took his tea back to his chair, sat, and breathed in the warm, soothing steam for a moment to steady himself for his confession.
John huffed a laugh against Sherlock’s cheek. “Mark the day, Sherlock Holmes voluntarily offered to call his brother for help.”
Appropriate [X]   Minimal [  ]   Rambling [  ]   Frantic [  ]   Tangential [  ]   Halting [  ]   Other [  ]:
?” He spins, finding an amused John a few paces away, observing Sherlock’s performance. “John, you know about this?”
, John, the brand of her shoes and handbag. That company donates ten percent of all proceeds to charities that combat animal cruelty.” Sherlock took a sip of his own pint and shrugged. “I also saw her slip a fiver to a homeless man outside on her way in.”
“Come to bed with me,” Sherlock murmured. “Please, John.”
Sorry for two so close together, but I saw the first email went out and I had a free minute!
“No, don’t worry, John, I think this’ll be short, don’t you think? Let’s jump straight to the point. We both know you only married me for one reason.”
BARCODE: 31743304227648
“Only a rub off? That’s all he gave you, after the best blowjob of his life? Shameful. What a waste.”
And you somehow managed to balance being way into david bowie and freddie mercury without being utterly flaming. I don’t know how you managed to make that look hetero, but you did.
Sherlock stared out the window, supposedly lost in his deductions about Moriarty, but John could see in the pinched skin around his eyes, the slight tightening of his mouth, that he was fighting something—
, heavy with significance and implication? And how many times had he been too cowardly to let that gaze catch, let it open him up and reveal?
FINE I’ll make a real list. Graham is annoyingly perceptive while intoxicated
...Sherlock?
John shook his head. “I haven’t looked yet. I thought we should… find out together. If we’re going to be parents.”
Will you?
/ 11:19
He thought about simply leaving the small black bag on the kitchen table for Sherlock to find while he was at the clinic, but knowing Sherlock, he'd never mention it after the fact. Not being there to observe Sherlock's reaction in the moment would render the whole thing pointless.
[JW sneaks a quick look at SH, then nods to himself]
You… what?
[SH shoves his hands in his pockets and stares at the ground for several beats]
: Gregory Lestrade and Sherlock Holmes
Sherlock Holmes is my husband.
"Every Thursday evening so long as there's no case on," he rattled off despite the pressure in his chest. Never could stop the impulse.
The thought of Sherlock Holmes fucking himself with a toy was more than John could take. He laughed helplessly as Sherlock reached back, grabbed his cock, and rubbed it against his perineum, then further. Dirty talk was one thing, but he had to ask, didn’t want any regrets later.
Sherlock touched the lip of the bottle to the rim of the first glass and poured a generous measure, the deep ruby color revealed as it splashed into the empty vessel. A little half turn at the end to avoid a drip, then a second portion. Two perfectly even glasses of Merlot.
god, I can’t even imagine being over it
him, so much more immediate.
/ 12:23
She turned and made her ponderous way down the stairs. John made no move to stop her. As soon as she was on the ground floor landing, Sherlock flew to his side.
"You sure you're up for this tonight? Mrs. Hudson would understand, you know," he asked, rubbing his thumb across the smooth fabric of Sherlock's fine suit jacket. He told himself he didn't actually sound breathless, but it didn't seem to matter much; Sherlock was speechless, his mouth slightly open and his eyes locked on John's. Frozen. Bad frozen, or... ?
(Not for the planes, for the people aboard, but
/ 12:25
, ah—!”
[handwritten in the back of an old case notebook, written in blue pen originally with added corrections in black pen]
"He has a funny way of showing it," he muttered.
"In fact," Sherlock said, "this is the perfect opportunity for me to observe you in in a different social group from what I normally see. I'm sure to make all kinds of interesting observations. I'll need to tidy my mind palace before we go. When is the event?"
We will pay £7000 for the right to print any photos from the day
My beta reader, Ladymacphisto, is 100% responsible for picking all the attire and flowers and stuff for the wedding. I am utterly hopeless at that kind of thing! A thousand thanks, LA, and sorry for sending you down the rabbit hole <3
221B Baker Street, interior, sitting room, bookshelf 3
John smiled, a bit sheepish.
Sherlock uncorked the wine to let it breathe, too.
He squeezed Sherlock’s arm one more time, then glanced up and froze. Sherlock followed his gaze to… ah. Some cheeky bastard had tacked a sprig of mistletoe over their doorway where it couldn’t be avoided. Must have done it on their way out after the party. Greg, at Molly’s encouragement, most likely. Sherlock’s face went hot, couldn’t seem to form words. “Um…”
Sherlock smiled.
“Nah, I understand,” Iain said with a shrug, cutting his eyes over to John. “Can’t blame a bloke for trying.”
“If you’ll check his inside jacket pocket, you should find the copy of
And there was a quirk of the man’s mouth. A flicker.
John reached out and grabbed Sherlock by the wrist, tugging him along as he walked backwards toward the bedroom.
And with every eternal second of silence that passed, more of the adrenaline drained from John’s system, the coldness of reality settling in the center of his chest. With one last lingering brush of his finger on Sherlock’s knee, he began to draw back… until Sherlock’s long index finger hooked over his, holding it in place.
TITLE: Step-Parent Adoptions: Legally Adopting Your St
“Client?” John asked, glancing over his newspaper at Sherlock. “Expecting anyone?”
And here I was planning to see if you wanted to grab a bite after my class lets out so I could tell you then
FINALLY, damn. All your pints are on me today, mate
Sherlock Holmes is my husband.
John blinked. “What was that?”
Then a sleek black car pulled up to the curb, and John bit his lip hard, groaning in frustration.
anything
This is the last chapter for today. Tomorrow is FOUR chapters, so be ready! Make sure you didn't miss the other two chapters today. ;)
But, despite it all, you can never truly keep Sherlock Holmes away from the work for long.
Sherlock buried his nose in his glass, buying himself a steadying moment under the guise of analyzing the fruity, spiced scent of the wine. It
It wasn’t supposed to happen.
I asked him to share with me something he’s been honest about since our last session, and how it felt. He withdrew for a moment, before finally telling me he is gay (“obviously”) and that he’d come out to both his friend Molly and to John in the past week, though he rushed to assure me that he’d never exact been “in”. He has always lived openly despite past experiences with homophobia that have shaped his present day isolation, but had never actually used words to confirm his current friends’ assumptions about his orientation. He reported feeling good about clearing the air with Molly, but his revelation to John was somewhat under duress.
“Condom in the drawer?” John asked, leaning over to fish one out. Sherlock locked his legs around John’s waist and held him in place.
Christ, Sherlock, I said I wouldn’t tell him!
but it’s the only way.
John let out a shuddering breath and dropped the phone to the bed. His own brain felt a bit drifty as well. Tea. Food. Water for Sherlock, who would certainly be dehydrated.
“I was serious yesterday, Sherlock. I meant it. I’m leaving her. I won’t regret it.”
“Meaning you still haven’t managed to actually
He took John’s hand again and slowly brought it to his lips, meeting John’s gaze with heat in his eyes as he dragged his open mouth over the back of John’s hand. John’s breath hitched, grew faster, and he wrapped his fingers tighter around Sherlock’s… just as Angelo arrived with their appetizer. He let out a shuddering breath and nodded his thanks as Angelo set their appetizer between them, and Sherlock immediately dug in. His appetite had been alternately non-existent and ravenous, and tonight was a ravenous night.
Appropriate [X]  Inappropriate [  ]  Flat [  ]  Volatile [  ]  Blunt [  ]  Bright [X]  Subdued [  ]  Other [X]: Open, Forthcoming
It was a dream.
He could only hope that whatever was happening to them, that the Detective wouldn't kick them out. If they were finally all starting to fall apart, if they were all becoming uncontrollable or
And John didn't know what that meant.
The entire time, John found himself wondering why he hadn't realised sooner just how
felt as if it was curling from the rushing in his head, and he swayed in place for a moment as a litany of
The issue had always lain in Sherlock’s personality, a key trait that had never quite presented, and a damning one for a Incubus not to have. Sherlock for all intents and purposes, simply wasn’t
They all told him it was a terrible accident, caused by rain and heavy traffic. John recalls nothing. Not a single breath of a honking horn, and not the screech of the brakes as his Father slammed down on them, sending the car into a skid and then a flip. He doesn't know if he cried or not then, but by the time he does remember waking up in the hospital, he no longer had any tears to shed. It felt like he had sobbed for an eternity, and yet he cannot recall a single drop hitting his cheek.
fabric, but it still sounded clearly to Sherlock.
position, like you’ve been meaning to.”
Instead of sending him away like he expected them to, they both smirked as if they saw something in his face that they recognized. The blonde man pulled out a heavy key as he knelt in front of a heavily padded lock at the last cage to the right, and his light voice spoke out into the darkness conversationally.
there. John Watson's hands stilled, ears ringing as he stared rather openly at Sherlock's groin area, blinking slightly in shock. For just a second, the army doctor's world tilted on end. His brain shuddered to a stop, pausing for breath. Taking in the new information. Beneath him the detective went perfectly still, breathless and small in his space. Curled.
fine it was, lest he offend the immortal “It’s all fine, but… I probably won’t make a good… Whatever it is you’re looking for. A bride… a…”
He tried to sound firm, but Mike's eyes were glittering with resignation. Both knew instantly that he was lying. John's face broke out into a wide grin, and he heaved a
John and Molly both had to comfort the man for nearly an hour afterwards, Mike’s sobbing only driving an iron spike further into all of their chests. John had expected military life to be challenging, cruel in a more distant sense. This, however, this felt personal. This felt… too real. Molly’s cry, the way her body had convulsed, he had felt Sherlock flinch minutely in response to it. The truth was, the Dragon was terrified, on some level. Terrified that he would only be next in this ordeal.
As well as a soldier.
On board the tube, there had been several other people, including their servants of varying size and age seated at their side, or standing over them while gripping the slick poles of the car for support. John saw an elderly English Dragon patiently listening to a little boy, nodding and murmuring a soft “Yes, young Master,” whenever the child looked at him expectantly. The collar around the creature's wrinkled throat was made of a rich and ornate silver, carved eloquently with heavy-looking designs. Most likely a nanny then for a wealthy family. Across the car on the other side, a Chinese Hatchling peered animatedly out the windows at the bright blur of lights that whizzed by. He dutifully held in his arms a bag of groceries that looked just a shade too heavy for him, and his collar was soft brown leather. His mistress was a young woman, long hair coiffed elegantly. Around his collar was a lead, the little Dragon being much too young to be given free reign. John looked away when the Hatchling felt the young man's eyes on him and turned.
She had also left him the flat, which even though it was obviously beautiful, was currently blazing in flame.
The thought came to John, and he clutched at his head, wincing and moaning even as he felt it, a tingling along his arms and deep in his bones. The scar on his wrist burned hot like fire, and his stomach rolled like an ocean wave. Thundering deep in the wet tissue of his heart, he could feel it as a constant drum, thundering under his skin.
It  stood before him half-crouched, but looked like it was more because of it being used to cramped quarters as opposed to an inability to rise fully. The shape of it overall was a man, and yet not quite. Like a puzzle somehow having certain pieces from another box connected to it. Milky-pale skin clung over protruding ribs and bones, being broken here and there by patches of layered, diamond-shaped scales jutting out almost defensively. Their colours were shifting and strange, from that Sky-blue that made John remember his childhood to the deepest purple, its confusion evident in the rapid succession of its shifting. When the creature breathed, smoke came out of its Human mouth, but it was cool as the clouds of fog John had seen on Christmas morning wandering about before dawn. It had darkly curled, greasy black hair, but the young man suspected with a good scrubbing it would shine like newly polished leather boots in the sun. The creature was littered in scars and scrapes and abrasions like War-paint , and it was plain to see it fought its bonds regularly as thin red lines circled its wrists and neck where the Collar sat. Though its eyes were ringed with dark circles, their irises glowed an unearthly and rather haunted blue as they looked down at him, for the creature was tall as it was thin. John got the unnerving impression staring into those eyes that his very skin was being stripped away from him. That every secret thought, every sentient idea he had ever had was being laid bare before this recalcitrant being.
, shifting a little as a slow flush crawled over his cheeks. Sherlock deduced the source of that shame in an instant.
Sherlock paused in his exploration, before his lips found a resting place against the mark he had left John with before. Sherlock’s voice was a whisper, a vow that the Demon would keep to the end of his days. He licked a stripe along the mark, tasting ownership. Connection.
tea-time and how much John supposedly loved him.
There was no sight of the Selkie in the murky waves, the creature still underwater, and John swore that if the situation weren’t so dire, the Jaws theme would be playing in his mind. The thought came to him only a moment, then he cried out in panic as impossibly strong arms wrapped themselves about his torso. John went under, his last thought for Sherlock of all things, waiting for him back at the cottage. What would happen to the Selkie if John drowned? Would anyone find the creature? Would they be looking for John, instead finding what looked to for all intents and purposes a naked, sunburnt man who was nearly nonverbal and feral in all of his mannerisms? The thought troubled the ex-army doctor, for some reason.
Mr Stamford's voice was low and rough. Stressed. Thumbprint-like bruises purpled his eyelids.
Something to grasp onto. He was not just John. He was many others. And he spent many a long night staring into the mirror of his little room unblinkingly, trying to see a trace of someone else in the depths of his deep blue irises and ash-blonde hair. Wondering what the other versions of him were like.
It wasn't long before John realised the shy, tentative smile on the creature's face was the source of the swelling happiness in his own chest. Sherlock was rather like a small child for a few minutes, trying on various types of clothing and tossing aside those that didn't fit or he didn't like. Things that he did like or did fit him he'd run his cheek against, feeling the texture in disbelief before folding it gently and placing it by his feet. Soon, the Dragon had acquired
Yet...
The fear of his friend's endless patience finally falling dry and acrid forced Sherlock Holmes into tactical retreat.
still lingering within his mind. Though politeness did not come easily to him, Bill seemed to appreciate Sherlock's effort. His freckled face scrunched into a grin, and from it Sherlock deduced within seconds several things.
She turned then, and Cerioth caught in the cool glow of the lantern the sight of her back. There was a glint there, hidden just under the collar of her clothes. Normally it would have been hidden under a uniform, but Irene had shed hers as easily as she had shed her allegiances. The silver-pink glint of scar tissue made Cerioth uneasily feel the sweat on the back of his neck all the more.
I hope you enjoy~ please let me know what you think.
hurt me.......C-can't s-stop s-sorry.”
“They’re celebrating our marriage.” John’s voice to Sherlock’s surprise wasn’t really upset at this notion, at least not as upset as it might have once been. Instead, the Water-Spirit found that the hand grasped in his own tightened, and John’s blue eyes seemed to shine brighter than they would normally as he took a deep, steadying breath.
John woke to agony searing red across his vision, nausea feeling as though it was ripping him in two even as he gasped, hacking up mouthfuls of water onto the strong arms holding him in place. He realised his chest was being pounded on, warm lips pressing to his own, forcing air down his lungs between bouts of vomiting. A continuous cycle that made his bones feel like they were creaking in protest, his lungs wailing in remorse. It continued, too, despite his weak and garbled protests. The strange hands pounding away at him seemed determined to wring him out like a dishcloth, and it was only when John violently flipped himself onto his stomach, puking up the last few mouthfuls of ocean in his system, that the insistent lips and fingers stopped their cycle of attempted healing. There he braced himself on his knees and elbows, sand biting into his skin like tiny ants as he panted, dry-heaving for a few more seconds as the darkness cleared from his vision and slowly sound percolated itself back into his ears.
how if he stayed outside too long he freckled-making his cheeks appear rounder and his eyes
are in charge of.”
Lestrade looked just as tired as John felt, his normally cheerful expression pinched with unease. His breath made clouds in the chill air, and upon seeing Sherlock and John’s approach he came towards him, holding up his hands to halt their steps. His voice was strained with exhaustion, and the police lights reflected in his dark eyes, ghostly orbs of blue and red that only highlighted the desperation in his expression.
John, you need a place of familiarity. A place that you consider safe. London isn't it, not yet at least. The blog which I wanted you to write in has been empty now for a month.”
Still, the detective seemed to be able to read something in John’s words, or at least enough to understand.
Grinning, the little boy hastily worked at finishing his plate, mind already spinning with the possibilities of what tale would reach his ears and fill his imagination with life this time.
The flames were getting closer, and he wanted to shrink away from them. They burned, blistered his skin even though they didn't even touch. It was so hot that Sherlock thought if he dared to open his eyes he'd go blind. He was so afraid, so small, and he could not claw his way back to reality. The disorientation of panic kicked in, and in desperation he screeched one last time a name to the sky. Calling for someone, someone that Sherlock could not recall, and could not hope to know for they were buried deep in the depths of his mind.
He was wearing the outfit Sherlock had chosen, and a distant part of the Water-Spirit admitted to himself that John looked rather stunning in blue. His hair had been washed - polished from dishwater yellow to something sandy and warm. There was a flush in the human’s cheeks, possibly from self-consciousness. Who wouldn’t be self conscious after all, with two Immortal beings staring at them as if they wanted nothing more than to strip him of his skin.
look tired- physiotherapy was excruciatingly slow, and mandatory bed rest was dull.
triggers for eating disorders, self harm and past non-con issues. ^_^ please take care of yourself.
“How would you know?”
BACK FROM HIATUS! YEAH WOHOO!
. Doors and....and voices....”
“Where have you been these past months?”
Sherlock immediately woke to the sound of John's distress,
“Feeling a bit distant today, John?”
“Hello.” Sarah murmured, looking at the man. It was very clearly him, although it was like holding up a pale shade against a newer, vivid painting. John Watson was miles healthier looking than the stranger she had bedded from the bar, the haunted and exhausted circles of his eyes faded, bringing out their nice shade. He also seemed to have put on a healthier amount of weight, and the lack of nicotine stains around his nails indicated he’d likely stopped smoking.
“He called himself Charles Magnussen, and he says he’s from a small village beyond the foothill paths.” Mycroft listened to Greg as he sat in one of the plush chairs of the library, reading by the fire. Greg had gotten the information from his dad, and his brows had been in a pensive knot ever since. “He fainted at the doorway from exposure, the healers are guessing. Your parents are deciding whether or not to let him go in the morning.” The unspoken hovered in the air. Man was a beast the Dragons had so far been unwilling to engage. They were unpredictable, often violent, and easy to frighten.
, Sherlock was sure to add to his new list of what Humans were.
Harry's knocking turned silent. He could hear rather than see her somewhat bitter sulk.
He laughed then. It was a dry, raspy chuckle, the kind that made his shoulder twinge. He didn't realise his fingers traced the silver-purple ring of puckered flesh on the inside of his wrist when he finally met her gaze. His eyes were a deep, bitterly amused blue. His scarred wrist flexed even as his fingers tightened over the handle of his cane.
“I guess I don’t.” He murmured, rising up onto his bare feet and stretching his arms overhead. He was dead tired, and dawn would be in a few hours. He thankfully however, didn’t have to go into surgery tomorrow.
A car flipping over towards its imminent demise.
Cold would be a proper word.
“Come right this way, please.”
“Know that your Dragon's behaviour reflects on
“Boring. Come to bed. I don’t know why you got dressed anyway.”
expect sex without your express consent. You
After all, he had managed to escape Sherlock Holmes' notice, and yet simultaneously ensure that the detective would find him. Eventually.
John sat down stiffly to a veritable feast laid out before him, the likes of which was both colourful and somewhat unrecognisable. His eyes roved over the selection displayed, pastries that he did not know and meats that looked like they came from far away lands from strange animals. There was a tea that smelled a bit like the one Harriet would drink in the morning, and a wine that when Sherlock handed it to him from a silver goblet tasted like cinnamon and something spicier.
This.
“You’re very loyal,
Merina Watson often found herself rubbing at the temples of her forehead, continuously stressed by her children's bickering as well as her husband's stubborn refusal to address the issues she sought to solve. Often she could be found sitting on the front step, moodily clutching at a cup of tea and staring out at the endless ocean waves, remembering her childhood upon the shore below. John soon learned that tea calmed his mum in a way nothing else seemed to, and quickly asked his grandmother to teach him the secret of the kettle and tea leaves. Though he was not allowed to make it on his own lest he set fire to the house of himself, John soon could be seen in the kitchen, watching the water in the kettle boil with large, serious blue eyes.
“I won't hurt you. Go on and take it if you want, it's yours. All yours. I'm giving it to you.”
“Call me Sherlock.”
It happened in the span of a nanosecond, one second the Dragon’s expression beastly and menacing, the next wide-eyed and horrified at his own actions. The crushing weight on John’s sternum abruptly lessened, and a very human-looking, mortified Sherlock was quite suddenly curled about John, the man’s pale nose tucked into the dip of the soldier’s collar-bone.
“Do all your partners wind up having full-blown panic attacks before things even get started, or are you just a natural at this? You seem to be taking this entire situation rather well.”
Once, long ago, there had been another war on this land. Stepping onto the dry terrain, John could see it as plain as if it was inscribed into the walls. There was a heavy, oppressive feeling to the very air that he breathed in, and he tasted on his tongue sand that had been tainted by gun metal and blood. But perhaps he was only being overly sensitive, as Sherlock all but bounded from the plane in great leaps, lunging towards the landing strip on long, powerful legs that seemed to barely touch the ground. The Dragon had vehemently complained to John all throughout the plane ride, claiming the metal contraption had made him want to vomit and that the loud engines had scrambled his brain. Sherlock did not seem to care that the half-dozen other men John had ridden with (all soldiers, as it was a military transport) were looking at him strangely, nor did he seem to notice John's subtle hints for him to
"That's good," Sherlock responded.  He got up out of the chair.  "Do you know why you had to come down here today?"
"You're just staying on the street?" John guessed.
"What else did you do?"
"It's an important part."
"No.  I just thought it was part of the medical, since you have to get undressed and all."  His face reddened.
"Of course you can," Sherlock said.
"That was that," he confirmed.
"Martin has vanished. The person currently in his body claims to be Sherlock Holmes." The large man sounded angry.
"Yes she is.  First of all, you wouldn't be dreaming about her if you'd never met her.  Second, if you met her but she never did anything to you, you might dream about someone else, but you wouldn't be so disturbed about it.  She is the one who set everything you feel about sex into a tailspin.  You're not wrong, bad, or evil for having sexual feelings.  She is the one who warped them, and none of this makes you less of a victim."  John purposely chose the word "victim" because he knew that Sherlock saw himself as anything but, all to avoid placing any responsibility on K.  Sherlock looked so uncomfortable with this that John decided to quickly change the subject.  "If you need help destroying those, I can get some scissors," he volunteered.
"No, because it's so close up. People might look funny if you took pictures of them with a microscope too." A pause. "You said you had a stuffed bee. Who gave it to you?"
When she finished the story, Lou said, "No further questions," and went to sit next to Susan again.  Clark then came up to the stand.  He didn't seem nearly as relaxed as Lou was and John wondered if that was a result of Moira's testimony.
My apologies for the delay in this. My beta appears to have vanished, and I've decided to just post the chapters I have now and clean them up when she gets back to me. I'll try to upload one every few days. edit: Thank you nightsky for backup betaing!
"I would hope you weren't so foolish as to try to observe that protocol of having a female officer interview them this time," Sherlock dryly remarked.
"Sherlock," said Mycroft.  He was sitting on the sofa, calm and collected.  "You've rebuffed my previous attempts at communication, so I've had no choice but to appear in person."
"I'm aware of that," Lestrade said.  "She just walked into the Yard a few months ago and started to talk.  We got a translator and she said her piece.  There was a missing report filed on her a while back, which we closed." He paused.  "You won't know any of the other victims' names, since all of them were interviewed after the two of you were taken off."
"I didn't know you spoke Russian," John said as he opened the door and they headed up the stairs.
"Yes."
Thankfully, it was early enough that no crowd had gathered by the courthouse.  Before he could go up the steps, he saw Lestrade walking up.  "John!" he said, clearly happy to see him.  "I thought you'd be here.  The prosecutors will be here shortly.  You wouldn't know them, of course.  Lewis George - everyone calls him Lou - and Susan Glenn.  Both good people who've done abuse cases before."
"Jail," Mrs. Bena said flatly.  A few people in the crowd murmured, but there wasn't a lot of shock over it.
"Those exist, but in several cases convictions have been overturned later because that manner of testifying wasn't deemed appropriate," Lestrade quietly said.  "I only want to see this trial happen once.  Unfortunately that means every victim's going to have to appear in person."
about it. He's even said
"What else did you say?" Clark took a step towards the stand.
"Yes."
"You're still here?" The boy from before, James, had apparently come back. He stood over Sherlock, with an expression of concern.
"Did you tell your parents what she said?"
"Yes."  Martin suddenly wished he was anywhere else.  At least he wouldn't have to be his socially awkward idiot self if he was alone.
“Did you figure out which code opened up the flash drive?”
"Why a bee?" John couldn't help but ask.
"And what about all this?"
"Carolyn, we have a problem," Sherlock heard Douglas say as he stepped out of the cockpit.
"You have my number.  Use it any time," Sherlock said to a red-eyed Phillip.
"I happened to be pacing up the stairs at the time."  Sherlock didn't sound angry.  "Conducting that conversation outside your door was pure happenstance."
“Yeah.  She told me before that when I first met Her I couldn’t control myself and if I didn’t get all that urge out I’d attack people.”
"I tell him not to touch an instrument, he sits next to me, and we go back to Fitton. We can work out the rest there." With that the man came back into the cockpit. "You sit there until we land. Don't touch anything," he said to Sherlock, as if he couldn't have possibly heard them from ten feet away.
John is of course no Sherlock and isn't going to figure out the right things, but no one is.
"You didn't cause that," was all John could say.  "Does Dominic think you caused it?" he made himself ask.
I can't say much about K, as one of her victims called her to avoid revealing her name. I can admit that the Yard and almost everyone investigating the case made one wrong assumption - she was a he. Only Sherlock didn't and if it wasn't for that there'd have been no conviction. I don't feel particularly sorry for her, but her victims had mixed feelings about the result. They all were lonely and looking for a friend, and found one. But the price...
And John's brain gave in completely.
Then they burst into giggles, wrapping arms around each other as they laughed and laughed, until the laughing turned to gasping, to grinding, to hands wandering and hot mouths demanding and
“She’s dangerous, John. What about your child?”
He took a slow, deep breath through his nose and carefully placed a shadowbox of dead, pinned butterflies atop the display case in the corner, then gripped the edge of the shelf with white knuckles.
6/1/1979
Well, good luck, Sherlock. I want you both to be happy. You deserve it.
And they don’t care
[A sob catches in SH’s throat, and he lifts a hand to cover his mouth. JW leans forward and presses his forehead to SH’s, his hands on SH’s cheeks]
worth based on intellect. But, Sherlock—and look, answer honestly, don’t just be a prick because it’s automatic—do you truly think I’m worthless as a person because I’m not as smart as you?
“That’s not all you could have gotten up,” Sherlock grumbled, and disappeared under the covers. John gave a panicked yelp and scrabbled away, sending the sheets flying and the cold air of the room rushing into the bed.
“Don’t go,” Sherlock whispered. He shifted his weight from foot to foot, then reached out and tipped John’s chin up with one bent finger. John was hit with the full force of Sherlock’s focus, his eyes seeming to beg for… something. “It’s all fine, right?”
I do solemnly declare that I know not of any lawful impediment why I, William Sherlock Scott Holmes, may not be joined in marriage to John Hamish Watson.
"No," he said, drawing back slowly, letting his mouth drag over Sherlock's cheek. "Let's stay. If that's okay with you."
/ 11:45 AM
Sherlock sat up straighter, his gaze intent. “John, I swear to you right now I will never touch drugs again for as long as I live. You know why I did it, and with Rosie here I would never—”
On to the next one.
“And start them before you’re off the sub, yeah,” John agreed. “With your history, I think you’re a good candidate for them. I don’t suppose I can convince you to see another doctor to prescribe them?”
“More would be… good. Thank you, John.”
"And yet, one you're going to participate in," John said, hauling Sherlock through the door by the crook of his elbow. "We'll go, have one drink, give our gifts, and if you still want to leave right away then we will."
You got it worse than I did though. I can admit that now. I think it’s because you were a boy, and it was an offense to his manliness or something, to have a bender for a son. The shit he used to say to you was unreal. way worse than what he said to me.
Mrs. Hudson hummed. "And what's something he's done or said that really meant a lot to you?"
/ 10:15
Mycroft reached into his inside jacket pocket, withdrew another auto-injector, and passed it to John without a word. John pressed the injector against the meat of Sherlock’s thigh and depressed the trigger as soon as they stopped at a red light. Sherlock took a gasping breath and let his head fall back against the seat as the heroin-morphine-oxycontin was violently ejected from his brain’s opioid receptors.
