Mark chuckled again, his chest pressed against Dean’s back as he whispered into Dean’s ear. “As you wish, Dean.”
“And what might that be? Could it be a little piece of me?” Mark flirts back, making Dean blush again. Dean rolled his eyes, this guy wasn’t all that great at flirting, but he was fun to talk to before. He could maybe look over it for a night.
“Now, let’s see. I have the grace I need, no thanks to you, I have the blood, the herbs, angel feather, which was very hard to come by… I should be set. Of course, I still need you to speak to her for me. I don’t exactly know how to speak enochian.” Spencer says in a fake and pitiful voice. Castiel, if he could, would have scowled.
“What did you stab him with? Did the silver knife that had blood on it work on him?” Sam asks, glaring at Dean questioningly. Dean nodded frantically, as if this was the most obvious thing in the world.
No, you asshole, that’s what he wants. He wants to get you mad, make you hit him. Calm the fuck down.
Dean hummed, his mind still not remembering the one, fragile detail of the entire situation. He nodded, frowning a bit as he pouted. He was still in his haze of the after sex. Castiel chuckled and kissed his forehead. “I… I love you too Cas..” Dean murmurs tiredly. Castiel snickered again and turned around, making his way to the front door and leaving.
“Thank you Dean. I assure you this won’t be the last time I take you, especially when Sam can hear.” Castiel winked, smirking as he buttons Dean’s jeans, followed by his own. Dean was still somewhat panting, beginning to lean towards Castiel again. Castiel smiled and pulled Dean close once more, cupping his cheek.
A simultaneous grunt and grumble echoed from the Winchester brothers as they sat the dark haired man down in the chair in the farthest corner of the library. Mark let out a grunt and rolled his eyes as Sam pushed him into the desk.
Castiel was shaking Dean gently, his eyebrows tilted in worry as he kept calling his name. “Dean, Dean it’s okay, it’s not here. Whatever you’re dreaming of, it isn’t real, Dean.” Castiel assures, squeezing Dean’s shoulders. Dean sighed, swallowing hard.
Finally, after what felt like forever, Sam finally spoke up. “There, he’s a few miles away. He’s at Spencer’s work, Dean. The forensics office. Hurry.” Sam gestured to the gas pedal. Dean didn’t need to be told twice. He immediately sped off down the road, not caring about the speed limit or the presence of other cars. His mind was on Cas and Cas alone.
Castiel and Spencer had agreed that they’d keep an eye out for anything suspicious. So that left Dean to just cook. Not that it surprised him. Spencer had jumped the gun when Dean asked what his job was to say that all he had to focus on was cooking. Dean couldn’t help but notice the animosity in Spencer’s tone and his gaze as he had insisted though. What was his problem? Sure, Dean wasn’t over Castiel yet. But it wasn’t like he was actively trying to kiss him or break them up. Well, the last one was true if Spencer proved to be the monster. But if Castiel was happy, Dean knew he had to shove it down.
After talking to Castiel, Dean’s feelings were all in a knot. What was he even supposed to feel? Jealous? Flattered? With Castiel acting the way he was, Dean could almost swear he was jealous. And had come over just to make Mark go away. To assert his place beside Dean. Even if his place was supposed to be beside Spencer.
Dean’s eyes glanced over at Castiel warily, knowing he was going to read farther into his attitude, his actions, trying to be his therapist. At least, that’s how he felt.
“Just because he is my ex does not mean that I cannot try to be there for him. You have exes. I have mine. You treat yours a specific way that is different from my own. However, he is still my friend. You will treat my friends with as much respect as you do me. Or this relationship will never work, Spencer.” Castiel warned, his eyes glaring at Spencer.
Sam sighed after Dean finished, shaking his head. “Dean, I need proof of this. I can’t just go on a hunch.” Sam starts, making Dean roll his eyes. Dean was getting sick and tired of Sam’s bullshit. Even if it was because of a stupid spell.
Dean had to bite back the groan. The private room?! Dean's last trip to the private room had been terrible. Some hotshot business owner rented it for the night and tried to get Dean to give him a lap dance. Even though the Angel's Blade has strict rules that its patrons and customers are forbidden to touch the servers. They aren't the designated dancers. Even then there are rules on what the customers can or can't do to the dancers. Sex with a dancer would seriously get you banned from a string of bars in an instant. Dean's heard that it happened before. Serves the asshole right.
Dean’s body scrambles and he sputters as Spencer’s grip reaches his neck. Spencer smirks as his nails dig into Dean’s neck and begin to squeeze. With his hand on the knife, Spencer begins to stroke the knife across Dean’s cheek and across his clothed chest, causing Dean to let out multiple winces and grunts.
Castiel furrows his eyebrows and they tilt up, creasing his forehead. “Dean, I… I’m sorry. You know how everything happened. You were pushing me away, Dean. You don’t have to do that anymore. You may think you hurt me Dean, and you do. You really do. But just because you do does not mean you are not worthy of being with me. Or being… being with someone else…” Castiel sighed, trailing off. Dean let out an unprompted hiccup from his body trying to sob, but Dean forced it down.
Dean spends a good five minutes behind Baby’s wheel, holding his face in his hands. When did this happen? He finds himself asking. When did Cas move on? How is this guy so much better than him and Dean barely even knows the guy? He doesn’t know. And he doesn’t want to. It hurts enough as it is.
“If you know who wrote this, and who they wrote it for? You should really keep them in safety. Cause this guy basically wrote ‘Stay away, if you value your life.’ In ancient Scandinavian runes. Norse writing.” Mark says, pushing the phone back over to Dean. Then Mark began to translate the message on a piece of tissue that was left there at the desk. He handed it to Dean and gave him a look of sympathy. “Good luck with the case, Dean. You’re going to need it.” He says, winking at Dean as his hand glides across the back of Dean’s chair. As Mark’s hand glides close to Dean’s shoulder, it brushes against his shoulders, and Dean is reminded that he wasn’t Castiel. But his hand was… warm. Firm also, he remembered from when he had grabbed Dean’s shoulder.
Sam sighed and put a hand on Dean’s shoulder. Dean looked at Sam, sighing as he turned his face towards the ground. Dean felt his chest aching, and he immediately knew he needed to get away from the ‘happy’ couple. He stood up and sighed, putting his shaking hands into his pockets. “Hey, uh, can I just go use the restroom? I’ll only be a sec.” He promises.
"That's no reason not to~ I got plenty to argue about, Muttonhead!" Gabriel slurred, before groaning and trying to swing a playful punch.
“No, you damn well don’t! You know it, Cas! All I ever do for you, or Sam, is get into problems that we all have to fix! I’d rather not be the start of another damn apocalypse!” Dean growled, gesturing towards the angel. Castiel sighed and began to get closer to Dean again. Dean shook his head and pushed Castiel away, having his ankles healed enough for him to stand on them.
Dean rubbed his eyes free from tears, trying to settle the sobbing that had erupted in his chest. He couldn’t be doing this. He had to be happy. Try to be. For Cas. Not for himself. Never for himself. Castiel was happy. Why couldn’t Dean be happy for him? He’d found his someone. The man that would treat him better than any broken way Dean could. And Dean just had to accept that. No matter how hard.
Dean grumbled and sighed. “Alright well, I’ll go check the perimeter, check to see if the monster left anything behind.” He excuses, walking away from the two without another word. As he slowed in his run walk away, he could still hear Sam and Castiel’s conversation.
Dean stared at the hand in shock, still blinking back tears like a schoolgirl who just got rejected. The need to run, and run fast filled his every bone and nerve in his body. But his legs just wouldn’t move. Nothing in his body was responding. Everything just shut down.
Dean’s always been one to hide his feelings. It’s never been a secret. Sam knows it. Bobby knew it. Hell, even Cas knew it. Up until Sam locked him and Cas in a room and refused to open the door again until Dean had confessed. It still makes Dean chuckle, even if a small bit.
“My contact doesn’t even know. He says he’s got an idea, but he doesn’t know for sure. He says he’s only been on the case for a few days. By the time we get there he’ll have been there for five. So he’s only slightly more informed than us.” Sam says in his best ‘Please don’t fight with me on this Dean’ face. The face and voice he usually uses when he knows Dean’ll probably be annoyed about anything. Or protest.
Dean knees Mark in the crotch and grips his collar tightly. “Oh trust me, I can get anything out of you I want. I could torture you until you tell me everything Spencer made you do, that he paid you to say and do to me.” Dean snarled, making Mark widen his eyes.
And that’s when Dean finally snapped out of his haze and remembered. He had to warn Castiel about Spencer.
Dean looked around the room tiredly. It seemed to be around 7 in the morning. Mark wasn’t in bed, so Dean knew he was going to have an awkward goodbye with the man. Cause Dean just had to sleep in. Dean rolled his eyes and groaned, opening his phone briefly. What welcomed him were 22 missed calls from Castiel, 25 texts from him asking where he was, and one notification from pornhub. Hey, he had his tastes.
"You say that now, when you were under me just last week!" Gabriel yells from the other side of the bar.
Castiel sighed. “He’s over there. Doing his job.” Castiel says with a hint of animosity, pointing over to where the body laid. Dean turned his head and he saw a man with the ‘Forensic’ labeled jacket turn around and smile at the group, waving his hand. Upon further examination, Dean could tell it was cologne di-Spencer.
Dean forces the tears down for just a little longer as he shoves Sam off of him and hardens his glare. “Why can’t you believe your own brother, for once?” He jabs back, before he stomps away from the building, leaving two broken men and two shattered relationships behind.
Dean looked into Castiel’s eyes again, finding the courage to do so after being in Castiel’s arms for the first time in a long time. He found kindness, care, worry, all mixed into the stormy ocean that was Castiel’s eyes. Dean could only wonder what was being displayed back in his own eyes.
Dean takes in heavy and deep breaths, uneasy and heavy hearted. He can do this. Cas deserves to be happy. After everything Dean put him through, he deserves his happy ending, Dean thinks. He can taste the bitterness in his thoughts as he tries to convince himself this is for the best. That this is happening and it’s Dean’s fault. He can’t change it. Dean would rather stab himself in the gut than to take Castiel’s happiness away. Especially because he realized how much of a dumbass he was. Now the angel had to know. It had been written all over Dean’s face as he had begun to break down. He regretted everything. That he regretted ever pushing the angel away when he needed him the most.
Dean shoves away his thoughts, pushes them down before he gets up. The immediate feeling of the cold concrete finally wakes him completely. Reminds him of who he has to be. What part he’s gotta play. And it sends a piercing feeling through his gut. Making his body also feel weighted. But again, as with all of his feelings, he shoves it down.
Dean waltzed into the kitchen, seeing Spencer making his way inside. Dean rolled his eyes and just popped open his beer, leaning against the fridge. Spencer walks in, and his comedic neighborly smile falls and he stomps up to Dean, growling and snarling. Dean rolled his eyes and just kept sipping his beer.
“No, No Sam you gotta listen. I don’t care if you believe me or not.” Dean starts, beginning to rant before Sam looked Dean in the eyes with his own worried ones.
Castiel shrugged, taking the phone from Sam. “Unfortunately, I cannot read this. It’s too old. I don’t remember this period of human time.” Castiel says, studying the photo. Sam shrugged, also confused with the language.
Alastair scoffed and managed to pull his hand away from Dean's grip just barely. "Fine. Have it your way." Alastair sneered, walking away from Dean. Thank Chuck.
Castiel’s face doesn’t change. Of course Naomi’s mind mending would come back to bite him in the metaphorical ass eventually. But this does qualify him getting ‘too close’ to the humans, so he guessed this was another time Naomi decided to wipe his mind.
know what those jobs were, but from the look on the faces from his friends with no Muggle parents, he understood them just a bit more than they did.
“There are good rules to break and bad rules,” Lucifer said. “It’s good to blaze new trails, but it’s bad to burn down bridges. Do you see?”
It was silent for a few moments and all they could hear was the sounds of their feet hitting the stone floor.
The familiar sensation of flight tugged at Castiel’s stomach, and he grinned to himself at the rush of air through his hair. He gripped the handle carefully, remembering Professor Mills’ pointers. Even though his legs were neatly tucked, as they should be, he could still feel his robes flapping around beneath him, and his smile faded as he gritted his teeth in annoyance. Whenever they watched a Quidditch game here in the stadium, none of the players on the House teams had to deal with the fact that their robes were swishing around and throwing them off course.
his friends’ approval, he wanted them to think he was doing the right thing, and he thought that what they said made sense, or at least it did in the moment when they were saying it, and -
“Just wait for two minutes and then follow me down. Make sure to listen as you come down the stairs. If you hear voices then you leave without being seen and we’ll try again later. Are you sure we shouldn’t just do this later anyway, when everyone’s in bed?”
“Wow!” Dean reached a hand forward, then pulled it back, looking at Lisa wryly. Every other time he’d seen Lisa with a plant there had been some catch to it. Some sort of experiment or addition to her flowers. “What does it
“But I like it when you do that,” Hannah said. She grinned. “You always find out cool facts about magic. I like hearing them.”
Dean rushed forward, cart forgotten, and skidded to a halt in front of Cas, just as he looked up in surprise.
Neither of them said anything more about Castiel Novak - or anything at all, really - for the rest of the walk to the common room.
“Guess I’m just human,” Castiel said, and pushed himself up off the floor. “C’mon. We should head back.”
Jo shoved the broom at him, and then mounted her own. She backed up against Anna, sliding the end of the broomstick under her - and then kicked off from the ground. They rose into the air, ungainly and off-balance. Anna let out what should have been a shriek - but it came out as a kind of low, monstrous bellow; with a laugh of wild excitement from Jo, the pair of them did a loop, and then careened off down the stairway.
A note on character names: in general, where the Supernatural character has no canonical last name, the surname of the actor playing that character was used. Notable exceptions include Lilith Tinoshemet (Lilith being associated with Jewish Mythology and screech owls, Tinoshemet is screech owl in Hebrew) and Ganesha Ganapati (Ganapati being another name associated with Ganesha).
“What did you want to talk about?” Castiel asked. He didn’t reach for his wand, but he let his hand hang loosely down near the pocket of his robes where it was currently stowed. Ruby smiled at him.
to be in charge of changing his mind. I don’t want to tell him if there’s a chance he’ll think I’m gross or stupid for just being a Muggle-born. If he’s going to hate me, I want him to hate me because I was mean to him – not because of my blood status.”
Castiel lifted one shoulder. How to express that he felt like he’d done something wrong, but didn’t know how to fix it because he didn’t even know what it was? If Dean really was talking behind Castiel’s back, what would he be saying? Jo’s insistence that he
“Jo!” he yelled as he flew away, hoping to attract her attention to the situation at the wrong end of the pitch. “Hannah! Anna!”
Together, in the quiet, they saw in the new year. Dean didn’t come. Castiel waited until long past midnight, but Dean didn’t come.
Dean opened his mouth to give the right answer but yelped instead when he felt the sharp jab of a wand poking his elbow, which was resting on the table.
“There’s supposed to be a lot,” Garth whispered. “My dad told me there are hundreds but I never expected to actually find any.”
“If you’re wondering if he was the one who murdered six people in Dallas - don’t worry. I got him for you,” Castiel muttered.
“Alright. Rellows hide, Bleens seek. Twenty minutes, Bleens counting for twenty seconds. On your marks, get set, GO!”
The Professor’s face softened a little as he waved his wand, causing the teapot to float over and pour more honeyed tea into Dean’s cup. “Hate is a strong word, Dean. One that I think is thrown around far too often. I’m sure Castiel doesn’t
They raced to the lunch table, which had been set with festive golden plates; sprigs of holly festooned the red tablecloth, and candles had been lit. Castiel, Hannah, and Ash took their seats, and soon after, Dean and Garth came tumbling in, looking equally buoyant. Castiel carefully ignored both of them as they sat down opposite, Dean facing Castiel.
After wiping his hands on his robes, he reached out and looked at the watch again. It was old, he could tell that much. There was a little bit of wear and tear on it, but it was mostly in really good condition. This was really from his dad? He held it up to the light and squinted. On the back-side was an engraving that said
It means the text is kinda small…” Dean opened up the book in his arms, and Castiel saw pages and pages, dense with black printed writing.
to always wish he was in Ravenclaw. He didn’t want to be forever railing against something he couldn’t change about himself. He wanted… what he wanted, now, after all these months of frustration, was a respite. He wanted to be happy. He wanted to
Against his expectation, Castiel felt a lurch of triumph, of almost savagely sudden vindication. He schooled his face.
The first head looked disgruntled. A hand appeared out of the blanket fort hole, and shoved the second head back down. Hannah made a little squeak of protest as she was pushed back out of sight, and only Anna’s disembodied head remained.
“Fine? I can’t tell if - oh!” Lisa’s eyes widened and for a few moments Dean couldn’t tell why, and then it was obvious.
“’She’ is fine,” she said quietly. A few moments after Anna had nodded and looked away, she added even more softly, “Thank you for asking.”
She grabbed for the back of his robes as he began wading into the lake, hitching his clothes up with one hand and waving a slice of crisp toast in the other.
Castiel waved his hands in a repressive gesture, looking to Crowley; their Professor’s attention was distracted, however, by watching Thaddeus MacInnes attempting to staunch the billow of blue smoke from his cauldron.
“‘M sorry,” Castiel said. “‘ve looked…” He swallowed, and began loading up his fork again. “I’ve looked everywhere and I’ve tried reading up about the castle, but the Hogwarts copy of
Castiel nodded, a hand already travelling upwards to feel along his own throat. He had a feeling this wasn’t going to be comfortable, but he’d do whatever he had to for Dean.
It didn’t feel as though there were any hope. And as Castiel watched Dean disappear round the corner, he sagged a little against the doorframe in a way that would have made his mother’s eyes narrow.
Dean gripped the thick book against his chest and wandered over to an empty table tucked away from any studying students, plopped it down, and opened it to the first page.
“You were in the middle of being tortured the first time I saw you and the second time I saw you, you were going to take on fifteen vampires by yourself.” Dean raised an eyebrow. “You’re hanging on by a thread, here.”
He shoved at Dean, trying not to create a scene or draw attention; helped by the shadows, they managed to keep their scuffle undercover, but it was as vicious a fight as ever. Dean elbowed Castiel in the stomach, while Castiel rammed him in the shoulder. Dean jabbed, Castiel tugged. Both of them were silent, and pink with the effort, and furious.
Castiel didn’t hesitate a second longer. He took the stairs two at a time, his short legs stretching to make the leaps. He dived down the corridor that Dean had taken, but couldn’t see him; going by instinct, Castiel took the next turning down towards the kitchens and the Hufflepuff common room, guessing that Dean might head for somewhere familiar. He sprinted as fast as he could, his feet thudding on the stone floor. Down steps, round bends, through doors...
Castiel stopped in his tracks and his grip around his keys tightened as he felt the order take hold. The bathroom was officially off-limits to one Castiel Novak for whatever his definition of ‘a few days’ was.
thing that he’d been put in Gryffindor. And the reason he thought that was because Castiel had convinced him of it, had said the right words. He felt more proud of himself than he had in months.
As usual, when he thought of his family, Castiel felt a crush in his chest. He turned his attention to the titles of the books nearest him, trying to distract himself. He’d been coming in here every morning, even weekends, for the past few weeks. If he’d had a problem completing his homework the night before, he’d start off researching that in more detail: he had to work hard if he wanted to keep coming top of his classes. Dean Winchester, in particular, was a problem, much though Castiel was loathe to admit that the rude Hufflepuff boy was good at anything. He seemed to have a flair and feel for magic – he always looked in control of his wandwork, and he picked up incantations quickly, even though he didn’t seem to spend any time at all studying hard. He was never in the library. Every time Castiel saw him, he seemed to be eating. Magic must just come easily to him.
An icy pause fell briefly over the section of the library where a few first years were sitting and revising together for their exams. Castiel swallowed hard. He met Hannah’s eyes across the table; she let her impassive expression melt into concern for a moment, before quickly smoothing it back over and turning back to her work.
Even though he thought the reason they were arguing was stupid, he hated seeing both of them upset in their different ways - Jo being angry and brash, Anna looking pale and bright-eyed with hurt. It made his chest ache to watch them.
Dean stepped out of the circle and carefully grabbed Castiel’s bloodied hand, inspecting it with a glance.
“Worm movements,” Castiel said, letting himself laugh, softly so as not to catch the attention of Professor Tran, who was still talking. He pulled a serious face. “When practising transfiguration, be sure to always use worm movements.” Hannah pressed a hand to her mouth to stop a giggle escaping.
“On my word,” Professor Tran said. Castiel met Dean’s eyes. He was looking confident, half-smirking smugly. That could mean anything, though, Castiel knew. Dean’s ability to seem assured when he was about to completely mess something up was second to none. Still, it made him nervous that Dean might possibly have a plan, when he, Castiel, had nothing… his anxious, fidgeting hands found the edge of the desk. A thin strip of wood splintered off under his worrying fingers, soft and bendable to his touch…
“Something about funny potions,” Turvey said, placing one last platter of cream puffs onto the table next to the other desserts and snapping his fingers to make all three float. “Funny potions that do funny things.”
“It’s the newest Nimbus,” he said to Hannah, who was still round-eyed, and Ash, who was poking at the twigs curiously. “It goes from nought to ninety in ten seconds, I read about it. Professor Mills said in the last Flying Lesson that it was the best broom on the market right now.” He couldn’t keep the pride out of his voice; people were actually standing up to come and have a look at it. Castiel basked in the reflected glow of their admiration for the broom. Waking up this morning, he could never have imagined that he’d be this happy, on today of all days. His father had actually
“I was not! I was just… checking for dust, right here.” Dean swept one finger up the side of the Fat Lady’s portrait; it came away clean. “Guess we’re good.”
scores of his exams the year before, but he had a sneaking suspicion that he’d done a bit better during his first year because of just how competitive he’d been with Castiel. This year… well, it hadn’t been all that competitive.
So, instead of forcing himself to say something to Dean, he pulled out the piece of paper he’d written the exorcism on and began to read - the least he could do was finish what he’d started.
“Unfortunately, I’m very aware of Dean’s pig-headedness. Egypt was a nightmare.” Arthur took his hand off the car door and held it up in one jerked motion as if it was a white flag. “Look. He seems to be… fond of you. He may listen more than you think.”
Nodding harder, Castiel tried for a smile. He didn’t want Lucifer to leave - he wanted to stand in the sunlight of his attention and good opinion forever - but at least Lucifer was kind enough to still think of him. That was something.
Dean braced himself for the spank, jumping when it collided. He bit back a growl and sighed. He couldn't leave till he was dismissed. And damn did he wish he was dismissed right about now.
Dean took three large breaths, and flipped down the visor. He opened the mirror and started to fix his hair, trying to look less like a hermit and an alcoholic and more like the Dean Castiel used to know. The less broken one. Dean straightened his shirt, and his flannel. He pulled on his spare hunting jacket, and made sure to arm himself. He’d feel better with the press of his demon knife in the pocket against his chest, right?
Dean rolled his eyes. “Can it Cas, just shove it up your feathery ass. Not even my own brother believes me. I don’t need my ex best friend doing the same.” He says harshly, causing Castiel to widen his eyes at the elder Winchester. Castiel took a step forward, glaring at Dean.
“I haven’t forgotten.” Castiel whispered into the hunter’s ear before he slammed right back into him, eliciting a loud and shaky moan from him. Castiel began thrusting deep into the hunter, grunting harshly as he began a fast, but easy starting pace inside of Dean, gripping his waist a little too hard.
Dean rolled his eyes, following Castiel and doing as he did. “Cas you know me. I get my four hours then I’m good. Don’t need any more than that.” He says, unfolding the first chair and setting it up before moving onto the second. Castiel rolled his eyes, pulling out the phone Dean had given him long before the fall out.
Sam stepped away from the desk and grabbed Dean’s arm and pulled him off to the side. “Dean,” He whispered. “Are you sure we can even trust him? How come Cas wasn’t able to read the message before?” Sam asked, gripping Dean’s arm a little too tight. Dean sighed harshly, pulling his arm from Sam’s grip.
Sam hesitantly laughs it off and Castiel looks a bit taken aback by the fact that Dean would even think like that. Afterwards, Castiel turns to go back into the house, when a man runs up to Castiel, smiling at him.
In those blue eyes Dean could see the struggle. He could see his Castiel fighting against whatever was forcing him to do this. It somehow gave Dean hope that Castiel could fight this again. Just as he had fought it before. Dean’s hand gripped onto Castiel’s right wrist, pushing the blade back as he stared into his eyes. “Please… please Cas… Fight it. You know… you know I’m sorry. I was stupid, I know. I hurt you. But this isn’t you. You don’t love him-” Dean says in a weak attempt to reach his angel. Castiel’s eyes showed a brief moment of hesitation before the angel blade began to push back against Dean’s hold.
“But turns out your definition of ‘someone giving a damn’ is a one night stand. Still hurt Cas, which is what I wanted. But you know what he did? He scolded me! For pushing you away! Can’t you just shut up for once? Keep to yourself? I swear I haven’t had any victims as much of a tattle tale as you.” Spencer groaned just as Dean heard the snap of gloves. Of course.
Castiel tangled his thrusts and began to pound into Dean’s prostate. It didn’t take more than three thrusts into Dean’s prostate that he came with a loud and pornographic cry of Castiel’s name, head tilted back and all. Dean’s release exploded over the wallpaper and the floor, dripping from his tip once it had finished. Castiel was not too far behind, as Dean had tightened up on him from his orgasm. He struggled to thrust any faster, and finally, after a good few more thrusts Castiel thrusted in as deep as he could, spilling his release deep inside of him.
The officer nods. “Well, alright-y then. This is one hell of a case for you to bring trainees along. Come look at this. Everything else that’s been weird with the other murders? All the same. Except this time there’s something else. We don’t have our decoder, so this’ll take a bit to read.” The officer says, nodding to the forensics workers to lift the sheet they had just laid on the woman.
Dean finally pulled up to the forensics office and quickly found a parking spot. “Where’s his phone now, Sam? Is he inside?” Dean asks, turning off the car and getting out of Baby.
"I could call your supervisor for that. Get you fucking fired!" The man sneered, his buddies that surrounded him smirking and cheering him on. Dean couldn't help the smirk that slithered onto his face.
“How many, Cas?!” Dean demands, effectively interrupting Cas as his voice cracked from how strained his throat was. Dean’s eyes flew up to look at Cas, waiting for a response. Dean was tense all over. This argument was once he’d dreaded. Telling Cas of all his problems. Letting him in. Maybe he still didn’t have to. Just make Cas aware of how bad it is. But knowing Cas, he wouldn’t be able to get away with that little.
Castiel scowled. "Alastair. I would appreciate it if you don't shop among my employees. You know I don't condone your human trafficking practices your family endorses." Castiel sneered at the new person in the room.
Dean blew out a hard sigh through his nose and blinked as if he was annoyed. He looked over at Mark, his hand against his chin. “Dean. Not gonna give you my last name. Kinda creepy you gave it that quick.” Dean says, briefly looking over at Mark to give him a wary eye. Mark smirked as he looked over at Dean, his eyes squeezing shut as he laughed.
“Thank you again. We shall call you or your partner if we receive any news of any more murders.” The officer assures, before he walks off, leaving Dean to turn around and begin to discuss the new evidence with his ‘partners’.
“Fine, Dean. If you are being truthful, and you have never been better, then stay. Help with the case as you promised. After that? You do not have to see me again.” Castiel says in a firm tone. Dean sighed heavily, knowing that he had no way out of this. “If you don’t? And you still insist on leaving? I will follow.” Castiel warns. Dean turns his head towards the angel in confusion, and in surprise. He opens his mouth to question him, but Castiel holds up a hand. “I will make sure you do not fall deeper into this hole you’re digging for yourself. I will not lose you to your own mind.” Castiel says, his sky blue eyes digging deep into Dean’s soul, still wishing he could read his deeper feelings, understand what exactly was the core of him resorting to suicide.
Castiel shifted in his seat and he sat back as he took his fingers away, even when there was no back for him to rest against. “I found you close to that cliff, Dean. I found the broken bottle pieces. I carried you back here.” He says, placing his hand in his lap. Dean looks up at him, wondering how Cas could even stand to be around him after what he’d done to him. How much he’s hurt him.
Dean exhaled in relief and took his phone back from Benny. "Thanks Benny, means alot man. Promise, I won't be late." He chuckled before he turned around and began to walk to the back door, pushing through and walking down the steps.
Spencer huffs. “Well, each of the victims were O negative. So maybe there’s your connection.” Spencer suggests, making Dean scoff. When Dean looked up to try and speak, he caught a glimpse of Spencer’s glare towards him, which dared him to speak. Dared him to step up and make a fool of himself again. Dean didn’t feel small per say, but he did immediately get a sense of shame, and of reason.
Castiel found himself blushing as he answered Dean’s question. Castiel ran a hand through his hair, pushing some of the stray hairs back. “Spencer and I met in the bookstore in town. He smelled awful, at least, that’s what everyone around him said.” Castiel chuckled. “So I recommended him one of the old cologne brands you used to use. He thanked me, and bought me the books I was carrying.” Castiel blushes again, sending a jab of hurt into Dean’s chest.
Dean rolled his eyes and shoved the photo in Sam’s face. “You wanted proof? You got it. Now are you with me or not?” Dean asks, letting Sam take the photo in his hands after Dean had shoved it towards him. Sam blinked a few times, looking at the photo confused.
Castiel took in a heavy breath, although he did not need it, and took a page out of Dean’s book. He spat at Spencer and growled. “Bite me.” Castiel spat gruffly. Spencer groaned and wiped away the spit, covering part of his face in blood.
Dean furrows his eyebrows and he lets out a harsh exhale. He was right, Castiel wasn’t going to truly leave him to drown his sorrows in liquor and hunting. He sighed, and looked back up into Castiel’s caring blue eyes. He remembered once being able to just look into the angel’s eyes and to feel relief, to feel eased of all his worries because his angel was there. His angel was there to fight them away. But he wasn’t his angel anymore. He was Spencer's.
“See? Monster, man. Spencer is the freaking monster. And the guy I went home with the night of the barbeque? Spencer hired him to try and get me to stay away from Cas! Like as if I was going to ruin Cas’s happiness!” Dean exclaimed again, his voice filled with annoyance as Sam backed away from Dean and started to pace the room.
“Dean, what are you doing?” Castiel asks, his glare firm and almost jealous, again. Dean’s expression didn’t change, and he just looked even more confused at Castiel.
Spencer then turns around, Castiel’s vision slowly improving. As Spencer begins to formulate the spell ingredients, Castiel can hear the distinct banging of a fist on metal. And the stomping of feet. Castiel’s heart, although Jimmys and not his, began to pound with hope. The sounds began to get closer, making Spencer scowl.
Dean looked down at the bottle, finding it empty. He sighed annoyedly, until an idea came into his head. A new one. But not one he hasn’t considered before. If he shattered this bottle, if he pulled out his gun… if he ended it right now it would all be over. Hunting, the depression, Sam’s ignorance, Castiel being such a hurtful reminder of all that he’s done wrong, of who he’s hurt. It would all be over.
Dean shuffles his feet as he dresses himself. Just a loose tee and flannel paired with worn hunting jeans. He takes a seat on the edge of his mattress and starts to lace on his boots. He remembers a time when he used to thoroughly enjoy his mattress, thrill about the memory foam and whatnot. But now the sinking feeling of the springs underneath his body are just a reminder of the things he carries. The guilt.
“Every night.” Dean corrects. “I have them every night. With the added memory of when I screwed up with you and seeing Sammy die in front of me, losing both of you, you have your answer for my unconscious tears!” Dean exclaimed, glaring at Castiel with a hard, and desperate stare. He wanted Castiel to understand. To maybe get him to maybe share something of his own.
“So a random hookup was more important than letting us know where you were? Huh? Was it that Mark guy?” Castiel asked, his eyes looking more and more hurt as he looked at Dean. “Dean, you made a promise to me. That you wouldn’t leave until this hunt was over-!” Castiel reminds, stepping closer to Dean.
Before Dean could make a break for the door, Mark turned his head and smirked at Dean. “Leaving so soon? I was about to make breakfast, it’s the least I can offer you.” Mark says, turning around and walking to the fridge to grab what looked like vegan eggs. Dean rolled his eyes. No thanks. He wasn’t against vegans per say, but he didn’t understand how they could resist eating meat.
Castiel had confronted Spencer right then and there in front of all of his colleagues over what Dean had heard. Spencer had tried to deny it, telling Castiel that Dean had been lying, like he was about what had happened earlier with the knife. But Castiel wasn’t budging. Castiel had gotten into Spencer’s face and broke it off, saying that he didn’t want a cheater as a partner.
Dean yawned again, shielding his eyes from the bright light. At least he wasn’t hungover, and he wasn’t nauseous. That was a good thing. Dean kept walking down the long hallway, furrowing his eyebrows. He hadn’t remembered them taking that long to get into his room last night. Maybe it was just all the excitement.
“Dean Michael Winchester, where in all of existence have you been?!” Castiel scolds, his eyes wide and angry. Dean groaned, his legs still barely carrying his weight after Mark’s onslaught. His eyes looked up into Castiel’s, thinking of some reason why he would have left so suddenly.
Castiel grunted and spat out more of the blood from his aching mouth. “I’m sorry, Spencer. She is. She died from the fall Metatron caused. I wouldn’t lie to you. I’m not going to help you Spencer. I can’t.” Castiel says softly, trying to maybe peel back Spencer’s mask and get to his humanity, if there was any left.
Dean didn’t feel anything other than the pain of being cut, so he hoped that whatever Spencer was wasn’t something he could get turned into by getting his DNA in you. But nonetheless, Dean let out a grunt of pain, to which Spencer quickly covered his mouth, obviously not wanting to wake either of the other two men in the house.
“Sam, you’re probably gonna think this is crazy, but the monster is-” Dean started, easing into getting to the point. Then he heard someone else coming down the stairs. Before Dean could react, his knife was cast out of his hand by Castiel.
“Oh I’m not shackling myself to anyone. I choose you, Dean. And don’t worry about Spencer. He cheated first.” Castiel smirked, his eyes blown wide with lust as his mouth attached itself to Dean’s neck, and Dean moaned Cas’s name, his hands finding Castiel’s shoulders and gripping tightly.
Dean shook his head. He wasn’t going to keep thinking like this. He needed to focus. If he wanted to get Castiel away from Spencer, or at least know that he is safe from this monster, Dean had to bottle this up. Force it down and focus on the task at hand. Like John always said, shoot first and ask questions later. This was a tad different, but Dean saw it in the same light.
Dean huffed in annoyance. He’d rather be getting this hunt done and completed than go to some stupid neighborhood gathering where everyone is fake and he’ll probably have to watch Castiel be happy and be happy for him for hours on end with no escape. And no alcohol.
Sam shrugs again, sighing as he pulls out his phone. “Nope. I’ve contacted almost every hunter we know. Each one of them thinks it’s something different. But the most common answer I’ve gotten is a revenant.” Sam says. Dean widened his eyes for a moment. That would explain the smell… But then how did Sam not smell it? Spencer had been gone awhile, maybe he did it every time he went upstairs?
Dean flashes Sam a look mixed with hurt and anger. He was right though. With how much anger Dean has been lashing out at Sam with for the past six months, Sam deserved him to not pick a fight with him. At least once.
Dean wasn’t afraid to admit that he loved the angel. That he had wronged him. He wasn’t afraid to admit that yes, he had pushed Castiel away. He had done it because he thought that it was for the best. Oh how wrong he’d been. Now all Dean wanted was to not lose him again. Especially thanks to his own decisions and choices.
When Dean first hears of the hunt, he doesn really care. He shrugs it off. You know, what he does. That seemed to be all he’s been doing since 6 months ago. Sam seems worried all the time. It annoys Dean to no end. Why can’t he just act like he could care less about living and people just ignore him? Cause he’s got a brother like Sam, he has to remind himself. It’s because he’s not ‘himself’. Whatever that means.
When he didn’t get a response, Spencer moved his hand and offered it to Sam. Sam took it hesitantly, introducing himself, but he wasn’t heard by Dean. Now Dean could barely even hear anything. His thoughts were drowning out every sense he had.
“Uh… not really no. It’s just Spencer’s cologne most of the time. You get used to it.” Sam says, shrugging his shoulders. Sam looked around the yard, embracing the wind as it blew in his direction. That’s when his eyes landed on Dean’s books. He grinned like a kid on christmas. “Wait, Dean you’re actually doing your research? Ha, I used to have to bribe you with pie. Now you’re doing it willingly?” Sam exclaimed, walking over and analyzing the books Dean had picked up.
Spencer also eyed him threateningly all night, but at this point Dean has learned to ignore it. Sam was just uncomfortable with the energy in the room. He went to bed first. They had all discussed the case during dinner. No one at the party showed any reaction to the silver, no reaction to the salt at the doorway, the holy water they served, nada. So they were back to square one.
“Dean, would you please stay at my place, for your safety?” Castiel asks, his head tilted and his eyes similar to Sam’s puppy dog ones. Dean knew he couldn’t resist. So he looked up, glared into Spencer’s for a triumphant moment, and smirked. “Yeah, Cas, I think I should probably do that. I don’t really have the money to stay anywhere else. And besides, I gotta go get these translated. That costs money, right?” He teases, chuckling as he turned his gaze from Spencer’s angry and threatening one down to Castiel’s smiling and happy one.
Dean opened his eyes again to the worst memory he had. It haunted Dean’s every move, his every thought, even his decisions. Dean hated looking back on it. It was the moment all of this began. Where all of his regret feeds; Exactly 5 days and 6 months ago.
Sam flashes him a smile, taking a sip of his coffee. “Thank you Dean. Besides, I hear they make great pie over in Asheville. Or so I’m told. If you do this with me, I’m sure we can pick up a slice. Or ten.” Sam informs, but instead of Dean’s usual reaction with widened eyebrows and a smile that Sam always appreciates, whether Dean knew it or not, Sam got a shrug and a grunt from Dean. As if the pie didn’t even interest him in the slightest.
Dean rolled his eyes. “So we’re working on this case with another hunter? A complete stranger?” Dean asks, putting his mug down, barely touched. He stands up, leaning against the map table.
“Cas… You love Spencer, don’t shackle yourself to me-” Dean tried after clearing his throat. Something began to fester inside of Dean, and it felt oh so familiar. Dean felt Castiel’s grace stroking him inside his clothed entrance. He immediately stopped, covering his face to prevent from moaning. Castiel smirked, leaning closer into Dean’s ear and where hickeys remained from Mark.
Dean began to see red as his hand immediately snapped back and gripped Alastair's hand firmly in an almost punishing grasp.
Sam jumped up immediately when he saw Dean, confused as to why he looked so distraught. He pulled his headphones off and gave Dean a confused look. “Dean? Dean what’s wrong?” Sam asks, walking over to his brother. Dean grabs Sam’s shoulders and shook his head.
Sam held up a finger, indicating for Dean to wait a moment. Dean huffed, his toes tapping against the carpeted floor of the library. Sam mumbled a few times as he swiped on his phone, until his face lit up and turned the screen to face Dean. “The old mill warehouse. I remember it’s near the place where the first victim was found. That’s gotta be it, right? The first victim was found near the forest, and all those smells would mask Spencers.” Sam evaluates, snapping his hazel eyed gaze to his brother’s emerald green one.
But, he was unsuccessful. Since he was alone, Dean had no one to pretend for but himself. So as soon as the first couple songs ended, Dean’s happy smile fell. He didn’t understand why he couldn’t stay happy. Of course he considered the PTSD of the job, the nightmares, his bouts of depression. But why couldn’t he just stay happy? Was it really that hard? Not even the idea of getting pie cheered him up.
Dean immediately tries to take his hand away from Castiel, being unsuccessful in the task since Castiel was much, much stronger than him, “Cas please it’s not what it looks like-! Let me go Cas-!” Dean called out, trying to take his hand back.
“Damn it Sam!” Dean growled, looking around the parking lot angrily. That’s when he spots a familiar face stalking his way up to the library entrance. Dean snarls and begins to hall ass to the entrance. Sam looks up and widens his eyes as he recognizes the look of murder in Dean’s eyes.
Dean shrugged off the thought and finally entered the kitchen, seeing a clearly naked Mark pouring coffee into a mug. Dean swallowed the lump in his throat as he gripped his phone, wishing that maybe he had been smart enough to bring a weapon just in case. He still didn’t know anything about this guy other than his name and what he did for a living. And that he was terrible at sex. Sure, he was good at dirty talk. But when it came to everything else? He fell short.
“Well hey Cas, finally come to see me?” He asks, still looking down at his book and unable to see Castiel’s confused face. “It was alright. I got it done pretty quickly. So I was able to pick up some books on the culture that the writing comes from. It’s nordic. So the victims being nordic makes sense.” Dean explains, never looking Castiel in the eyes just in case Castiel could see the regret and the sadness in them.
“Would it kill you to treat me with any sort of respect? I am the link between you two being able to find this silly angel friend of yours.” Mark complained, glancing between Dean and Sam. “I expected much more hospitality from you especially, Dean. I thought you quite enjoyed yourself in my company last time-” Mark began to sneer. Dean snarled and slammed the books he had before in front of Mark, glancing around for any librarians who had the audacity to tell them to shush.
"What's your name, sweetcheeks?" Alastair asked Dean, putting his hand on his shoulder. It sent a shiver of fear down Dean's spine. Jesus, when did he last feel this afraid? Why was he so jumpy?
Dean smirked as he began to turn away. "Dignity." He adds before he turns away completely. The bar erupted into a fit of laughter, making Kelly turn away and storm off in a fit of anger.
Dean dreaded waking up as he did, knowing Castiel wouldn’t be there. Dean wanted to sleep forever, let himself think that his last few waking moments were of Castiel holding him again. Like the things between them didn’t exist. But Dean knew that they did. His nightmare that he had was enough proof for him. So as he began to drift back into consciousness, the pit in his stomach grew heavier as he felt the lack of Castiel.
“C-cas…” Dean grunted, his hands finding where Castiel’s were on his waist and intertwining their fingers. Castiel recalled his grace, and just moved it deep inside Dean, successfully breaking the warding that Dean had inside of him. Castiel then slowly pulled out of Dean, eliciting a whimper from the hunter. Castiel chuckled and turned Dean around, leaning him against the wall as he helped get the hunter dressed once again.
Once he stepped back up to the house with the copper door, and the picket white windows, and the perfect hedges, he knocked on the door. His nerves picked up quickly as he heard footsteps approaching the door. Dean knew better than to pull out his hunting knife. But his fear was much too similar to the wariness of a hunt. He didn’t know for sure how things were going to go.
Then started the louder moaning, the distant calling of a name, and soon he could recognize the voice was Spencer. And Dean’s heart dropped. Cas was having sex with Spencer. Dean couldn’t say he was surprised. Cas and Dean had only been together for two weeks before Castiel wanted to try sex. Since he wanted to pleasure Dean as much as possible. The thought of the memory now made Dean’s heart ache. And made his stomach feel like it was being filled with heavier and heavier rocks.
Spencer chuckled and scoffed, his form increasing it’s height and size. “Finally you get the picture! Yes! I feed to stay alive! Till my Esther can bring my soul back to my body. Make me alive again so I can be with her once more. Though, I couldn’t do that without the grace of another angel to track her. I just had to convince you I loved you, that you meant something to me to get you to sacrifice something for me. But then that fucking EX of yours had to come into the picture! Ruin all of my plans!” Spencer growled, his fist clenching as he spun back around in a very villain like fashion.
Spencer let out a curse in a language he couldn’t comprehend as he stared dead at Dean, almost as a promise to come back and finish the job. Then he hurried back up the stairs, probably to tell Castiel and get him kicked out, knowing the man. Or monster. Or whatever he was.
Castiel raised his eyebrows in suspicion. “What are you doing?” Castiel asks, glaring once again at Spencer but with more fear and confusion. Spencer laughed and then began to make his way back over to Castiel. Spencer elongated one of his nails and cut Castiel’s cheek, causing the angel to hiss as the blood dripped onto the photo.
Dean wasn't openly bisexual in his everyday life. No one knew. Not even his brother. But when he was working at Angel's Blade, he wore a mask. Literally. It had white tiny feathers on it and everything. He could be anyone he wanted. Anything he wanted. And no one would be any the wiser. It really was the perfect job for him.
“So… you really think Spencer is the monster we’re fighting? What even is he, then?” Sam asks, raising an eyebrow and giving Dean a bitch face. Dean grumbled. Was it really gonna be this freaking hard to convince his brother? Then again he was under the control of some sort of spell.
"The name's Bobby John. Alright?" He answers, pouring the last drink and standing up. Once standing, Dean could see Gabriel was in the corner, giving him a confused look when he answered with something that clearly wasn't his name. At least to him.
Meanwhile, Dean was still struggling against Spencer’s supernatural strength. His legs tried their hardest to kick or move, but he was unsuccessful. Spencer’s hand in which he held the knife raised and aimed at Dean’s chest. “Finally, I can cut away the loose strand that’s been annoying me since you got here. Your death is the piece of the puzzle I’m missing. Now I can finally get it, then no one can undo my spell on your precious angel-” Spencer teases, his hand then seemingly starting to thrust down and stab Dean in the chest.
The man, Spencer, chuckled to himself. “Yeah, just finished those six miles.” He says like it was nothing. He then turns and raises an eyebrow at Dean and Sam. “Babe, who are they?” He asks, a slight smile still on his face.
A hand landed on Dean’s shoulder and he immediately turned around, grabbing the hand tightly. When Dean looked around however, his chest began to lighten. And his heart fluttered. The man who put his hand on Dean’s shoulder chuckled deeply, and flashed his bright and striking blue eyes at Dean. Damn this man was gorgeous, Dean noted. The man had pitch black hair, and his cheekbones were nestled high on his face. His eyes definitely suggested asian descent. And the suit he wore suggested a businessman. Dean was hooked just by his face.
He was determined to make things right. To not let Castiel walk away again. To not fail him. He was going to make it right this time. He just hoped he made it to his angel before it was too late.
Dean had gotten hurt more as he had thrown himself into the hunt. No game plan, no research, just ran into it not knowing what or who the monster was. Of course, this was stupid on his part, but if Dean had been honest, and with how careless he’d been, it should have been obvious that Dean wanted to die. He wanted some monster to finally gank him for real, be given a hunter's funeral, and then go on to hell. He knew that was where he was going anyway. No use denying the inevitable.
Once finished with his boots, Dean stood up with a groan. Then he began his trek out to where Sam was seated in the map room, a coffee cup in front of him as he looked over the details of the case that Dean assumed Sam would tell him later. Probably going to start with ‘So get this…’
Professor Apollyon was dragging her fingernails along the chalkboard as she explained - yet again - how to create light from a wand. It was something that they’d learned about a month ago already but after a small quiz, she’d begrudgingly realized that not many of her students could successfully complete the spell.
“Go!” Castiel said, and twisted the handle hard to the right, throwing his shoulder against the door at the same time. With a great scream of a creak, the door’s maw opened; Castiel tumbled inside the darkened room beyond, his mouth open in a gasp as he looked up to see…
, but just… divergent? And I coulda sworn we had a waitress and not a handsome, dashing, elegant, strong waiter.”
There, in front of him, was the key to this maze he’d found himself in. Ruby could give him the answers he’d been wanting for three whole months, now. The miasma cleared just a little from his brain. He felt awake. He could get the
Dean admired how his watch looked, lamenting that it was still a little loose on his wrist, even with it tightened to the last hole.
“Say that to my face,” said the deep voice of Billie Reaper, turning around to eye the fourth-year girl beadily. Her timing was so perfect that Castiel almost wondered whether she had been tracking Gabriel’s movements, just waiting for someone to complain to him about the names. He shook off the idea. Billie Reaper was too cool to track anyone. She was just always wherever she needed to be.
be the Novak failure, the boy who couldn’t. Members of his own family had probably strolled down these very same corridors – and they’d probably be just as dismayed by him as his mother was. And rightly so. He was a stain, a tarnish. He was stupid and uncontrolled and
“Precisely. You’ve been told about your grandmother, Lucinda Novak, who invented a new use for dragonskin? Your great-grandfather on my side, Gilbert Tapping, who perfected the wand movement for several key counter-curses? Your great-great-aunt Henry, who -”
“No Cas. He really isn’t. He’s been kind of kicking himself for the past six months. You should have seen him…” Sam started, but Dean couldn’t stand there and listen to his closest family talk behind his back anymore. So he almost started running immediately.
Castiel looked from Spencer, a nervous look on his face before he saw Dean. His eyes widened and he stood up from the chair he’d been sitting in. He smiled and walked up to Dean, going to hug him. Dean felt his heart jump and he stepped away, his hard expression tightening. Castiel looks at him confused, and quite a bit hurt by his actions.
“Don’t worry, these are my back-up. There, in the tan trenchcoat is my partner, agent Beyonce. And the other two are trainees. Their first big case.” He insists, a smile on his face as he fake introduced the three. Spencer, to say the least, was not happy that Dean referred to Castiel as his ‘partner’ in any sense of the word, and you could physically see his jaw clench. This little action caused Dean to smirk. Any act of rebellion was worth it.
“Come on, you’ve been cleared.” the officer huffed, walking in and uncuffing Dean from the wall. Dean grumbled, rubbing his wrist as he walked out of the cell, ignoring his brother’s gaze. He knew exactly what he was going to do as soon as he was out of this place. He didn’t care about the hunt anymore. He was going home. He was going to smash some vampires faces in and go back to the bunker. Sam could find his own way home.
Kelly flipped her hair behind her shoulder seductively towards Benny. "Well I just slept with the boss last night. Paid me nicely. I probably made enough money to cover all three of your salaries for the week. See what you're missing Benny?" She flirts, blowing him a kiss.
Dean turned his face away again, and continued in his run. Then he did something he wasn’t proud of.
Dean wandered yet again to the bar. Benny didn't have any more orders ready yet, so it would be a minute before he'd have to deal with any more pathetic advances.
For the most part, the next half of his shift went on as it usually did. A couple dipshits tried to get into his pants, he'd insulted their manhoods. A few people tried to start shit, but that was pretty much it. That is, until Dean got back from his break, hanging up on his brother's phone call.
“Cas, if he was the monster, I’m sure he would’ve taken me out sooner. Besides, he isn’t of Nordic descent, and he studies the language. He’s just a civilian.” Dean insists, walking past Castiel. “You seem a little uptight Cas… maybe you should eat something.” Dean suggests before walking inside.
Dean pushed the glass of water away. “Cas, I wasn’t-” Dean started hesitantly. Castiel’s eyes flashed to his with a knowing look.
“You know, I really thought hiring Mark to try and get you the Hel away from Cas I really thought that it would work. Being that you were so desperate for someone to give a damn.” The voice that entered the room was immediately recognizable. It was fucking Spencer.
Dean leapt away from the car and raced towards the wide entrance to the office. He scanned the place for signs of the angel, trenchcoat, tie, something. And that’s when he saw the phone. Dean raced over to the small black object shattered on the ground in several pieces. Dean’s eyes widened in shock, tears peering over the edge of his eye’s waterline as he picked up the small sticky note with runes written on it. Presumably a ransom note.
Sam sighed, his puppy eyes in full action as he looked at Dean. “Dean-!” He whisper-yelled, gripping Dean’s shoulders. “Please, please tell me Cas is lying. That you didn’t try to… to off yourself.” Sam asks, a tear running down his cheek as he searched his brother’s face for an answer
"Enough, Alastair."  Castiel called after Alastair's behavior, his voice deepening as he scolded him.
“What do you want from me?” Castiel asks gruffly, remarkably pissed that he had to both deal with the warding and a possessive monster. Spencer smirked and looked over at Castiel, a scar he hadn’t noticed before dancing across the grey, broken, and decaying skin.
So here he was, soaking wet and tired as he sauntered up to the door, knocking heavily. Dean didn’t even get to knock a third time before the door flew open and he was tugged inside. Dean let out an uneasy noise as he scrambled to regain his footing. He looked up once he did, seeing a very pissed and worried Castiel.
Dean shook his head, his hands reaching up to his head as the thoughts began to overwhelm him again. Feelings of worthlessness, and fear, and guilt were all piling up again, and Dean could feel the singular tear that squeezed out of the corner of his eye.
Dean covered his mouth with his hand and he entered the room, finding the smell was the worst here. If Dean had to describe the smell, he’d say it smelled like when they discovered someone was a revenant. A zombie. It smelled like rotting flesh. Dean groaned, pressing his hand over his nose now as well to keep the smell from entering his nostrils.
Dean glares out the windshield at the tan car that belonged to his ex. Was he really ever ready? To move on? It was his fault. He was the one to push Castiel away. That told him to leave. The memory still haunted him. It was his fault, he tells himself again. His fault that Cas left, that Cas wanted nothing to do with him.
“Sam, I am not jealous. That mother’s eyes just freaking glowed! He’s the f-ing monster-” Dean starts to ramble again. Sam rolled his eyes again and hardened his grip on Dean.
So here he was, sleeping away on Castiel’s couch. The motel hadn’t reopened since the murder happened, so he was stuck with Castiel’s place. No matter how pissed he was at Cas. And that is when he felt someone pull him off the couch, and he hit the ground with a thud. He banged his head against the coffee table, cursing to himself and looking up, seeing a blurry version of Spencer.
Sam was desperately typing on his computer, seeing if maybe he could find a translator nearby or perhaps a website to help them. He sighed and looked up at his brother. “No you didn’t, Dean. Spencer is doing this for his own reasons. He’s possessive, like you’ve said. You realized your mistake and you were trying to save Cas before it was too late, I get that. We’ll find him Dean. You don’t need to put yourself down. You of all people know that isn’t healthy.” Sam warns, glaring at Dean for a moment before turning his eyes back to his screen.
Before Castiel, Dean hadn’t been out as a bisexual. He’d been a strict women only kind of man for a long time. Though occasionally, when he didn’t plan on going on another hunt for a few days, he’d try a guy just to see how it felt. But after he met Cas, those feelings spiked. And he could no longer just get by with the occasional one-nightstand with a guy. Or the occasional masturbation session. No, he was in the shower with the dial almost always turned to the cold side when Castiel was around.  But now with everything that had happened, well Dean still found Castiel incredibly attractive. He found himself fantasizing in his wet dreams. As embarrassing as that is.
“Don’t think I didn’t want to see you, Cas. It’s just been so long that I needed a moment.” He says, fidgeting in his seat, still unable to look him in the eyes. Unable to look into those angelic blue eyes that Dean used to wake up to.
Dean carried himself proudly as he carried the tray past the same annoying table. That was the first time anyone had ever stood up to that mangy woman. About time someone put her in her place.
Castiel’s broken, but powerful wings began to show up on the wall behind him, taking one step towards Sam. Sam immediately got Castiel’s message, and left the room. Dean felt his blood run cold, and he swallowed the lump in his throat. Castiel was pissed. And he knew exactly why. He only hoped that if Castiel did kill him, that maybe Naomi or whoever’s in charge upstairs will cut him some slack.
Dean swallowed a nervous gulp and quickly poured a few glasses. As he did so, he heard the door open and a few footsteps come into the room.
Dean entered through a farther away entrance, rushing to Castiel’s side. Dean’s knees hit the hard concrete and the flash of a knife followed. “It’s gonna be okay Cas, I got you. He’s not gonna use you, not gonna hurt you anymore.” Dean promises, cutting off Castiel’s restraints starting with the ones at his feet.
Dean gulped, feeling a shiver run down his spine and start to warm his core. Dean felt his cheeks begin to brighten in shame at the growing tent in his pants. Cas never failed to turn him on, no matter the place, situation, or who was present. If Castiel had the intention of making Dean squirm, he succeeded.
Dean was done. After two times that he’d buckled under Spencer’s glare and his stare, he wasn’t going to let it affect him. Castiel looked at Dean, sighing and giving him the most pleading look he could muster, making Dean’s heart melt in the process.
Dean sighed, giving the woman who ordered one of the meals her plate. Without looking at the culprit of the comment, he replied. "I don't know. Somebody like you would be lucky to even get some bitch's number. Unfortunately for you, I'm no bitch." He snips at the man as he gives the second plate to the second woman at the table.
“C-CAS-!! Ngh-! FUCK!” Dean cried out, tears brimming in his eyes as Castiel began to slowly pick up the pace, causing Dean’s moans to grow even louder. Castiel’s hand moved from his waist to Dean’s mouth, covering his mouth as he leaned into his neck. Castiel left a deep bite mark in his skin, not deep enough to draw blood or to scar though. Just enough to establish his claim.
“Then what are we all standing around for? Let’s go. Before this asshole finds another victim.” Dean commands, beginning to make his way towards the front door again. Dean was sure he wasn’t thinking. He was in his hunter’s mindset. So when Spencer cleared his throat, he couldn’t control the involuntary growl that left his throat.
Sam glances over at Dean, who’s messing with the sleeve of his hunting jacket instead of looking up. Then he suddenly does, surprising everyone in the room. “You tested their blood? Seriously man? Try family ties. See if they know each other. Sure, test to see if the wounds are the freaking same, see if the marks are different. But don’t just test for blood type. That’s stupid.” Dean grumbled, making Spencer furrow his eyebrows.
“Yeah… Yeah I should… probably sleep.” He chuckled, running a hand through his hair. He then turned around and nodded at Sam and then gestured towards the books. “If you wanna read those go ahead Sam. It’s better we have more options.” Dean says, before he went inside to turn in for the night.
"Jesus, Castiel. You got fans of all types, don't you? Why'd you gotta go and hire a damn mute?" The second man asked. His hair was a dirty blond, and his suit was angel white. It was almost blinding. His eyes were an even paler blue than the first man's, who Dean assumed to be Castiel.
Dean sighed a bit, biting the inside of his cheek nervously. He didn't want to give out his feelings. He didn’t feel like giving gag gifts. “No Sammy...  Sure the idea crossed my mind but, no I didn’t do anything.” Dean assures, slightly lying. Well he still broke the bottle, thought about it very seriously. He was only still alive right now, he considered, because Castiel still cared even after Dean had scorned him.
Castiel blinked a few times as he held Dean, finding tears running down his vessel’s cheeks. He never thought he’d be able to cry, but with everything that had occurred, Castiel found himself no longer lacking in most emotions.
Dean turned up Baby’s radio and rolled down his windows, pulling her into gear before starting to drive. As he drove, he spotted Spencer getting into his car. Though Dean didn’t roll his window down to do so, Dean flipped him off. Dean let out a happy laugh and he sped forward, singing along to the radio and trying his damndest to not think of Castiel, or the past.
Andrea sighed. "Look alive, Dean. Looks like Slutty Kelly has decided to grace us with her presence." She announces as she sips her drink Benny gave her.
Dean drove down the road, trying with all of his remaining consciousness to go the speed limit. As he pulled up to the intersection that lead out of town, he spotted something. The bright, lit up LED sign that clearly labeled itself as Adam’s Liquor Store. He didn’t think twice.
Sam sighed and nodded at Dean, thanking him for his help. “Last night apparently. Soon after you got back there and left again. Around 2 in the morning.” He reveals. Well fuck, Dean thinks to himself, shoving the remaining papers into Sam’s arms.
Dean gave him an awkward smile and nodded, pulling his hand back. “Yeah, thanks man. I will. Have a good day.” He says, mostly lies, as he turns around and makes his way towards the door while vigorously trying to wipe the guy’s number off his skin. He did not want any evidence of what he did all night. He’d figure out some sort of excuse to use on the way back.
Sam sighed and looked up in annoyance. He flashes Dean his puppy eyes and looks back at him. “Just give the guy at least an hour. To explain the case and whatnot. Alright? If you really don’t want to work with him after that then… then we’ll work on the case on our own. Okay? You owe me that much.” Sam says in an exasperated tone.
Castiel snarled. “He already loves me, Spencer. You don’t need a spell to get him to love me, and I him. If you had approached me kindly, instead of going through all this trouble, I may have been able to help you. If it weren’t for the fact that Esther is dead, Spencer.” Castiel says, looking down to the ground and looking up at Spencer.
Dean rolled his eyes and his fist tightened. “Well, then you can blame your lovely Spencer for attacking me and breaking me down so much I HAD to leave!” Dean growled, exclaiming sarcastically. “He told me that I should leave before I hurt anyone else in my life. And you know what? At first I wanted to just get my mind off of it all, you know. Blow off some steam. But I guess even doing that I hurt people. So maybe it would be best if we called off this promise, Cas. It might be best that you never see me again.” Dean snarled, tears building up in the back of his eyes that he refused to let loose.
Dean gulped, sipping his beer again as he fought with the tears in the backs of his eyes. Spencer chuckled. “Really? That’s all I have to say to break you? Remind you of what you did? How much you hurt him? Fine. You broke him so bad, Dean. He didn’t even try to kiss me until our fourth month of dating. All because of what you did!” He snarled, shoving Dean against the fridge again as Dean tried to walk away.
Upon arriving at the crime scene Dean pulled out his fake FBI badge and slid it into his jacket pocket. He climbed out of the Impala, sighing as he yet again began to approach Castiel, Sam, and Devil 2.0. He slid his gun into the back of his pants, slowing his stride as he approached the three.
Sam sighed. “Dean, you promised me you’d give the guy an hour.” Sam protests, feeling fed up with Dean’s excuses.
“Cassie! We’re back-” Spencer’s dead green eyes scanned the room as he called out to Castiel, stopping dead as he saw Dean on the couch. His hand raised and pointed at Dean, groceries in the opposite hand. “Why is he here, Castiel?” He asks, clearly not happy. Sam walked in behind Spencer and spotted Dean, sighing as he put down the groceries on the counter
Sam widened his eyes as they met with Castiel’s, immediately turning towards Spencer and punching him in the face. “Dean!” He called, pushing Spencer against the wall as the two erupted into hand-to-hand combat. Sam only had the advantage due to the element of surprise. Had he not had that, he knew he could have ended up like those victims with their heads crushed.
Dean couldn’t remember a time when he and Castiel had been so close. Castiel, instead of walking away to leave Dean alone, he stayed with him, even if he didn’t say anything more. Castiel’s body was so close to Dean’s own, and he just couldn’t stop his breath from hitching.
“The witness we were talking about with Thor? Well, the people who overheard the murder said that Thor was talking with someone who thought he was the Thor. You know, the Norse God of Thunder?” Sam says, reading over the witness report he’d been able to snag while they had been in the police station. Dean furrowed his eyebrows, staring at Sam as if he’d grown two heads
Spencer’s eyes flashed with rage, his hand formed a fist and it collided with Castiel’s face repeatedly. Castiel coughed, spitting blood from his mouth. Spencer growled and he wiped away the blood on his chin. “Don’t you dare ever lie to me! She’s alive, damnit! Don’t you fucking lie to me!” Spencer growled, holding the now folded photo in his hand in a death grip.
“Dean, you have been my first, and my only partner that I have slept with. I would not lie to you. I was with Sam at the time. I had gotten the food you requested. So he was not having sex with me.” Castiel says. Dean looks up from the floor. He sighed, squeezing his eyes shut.
Dean’s face shifts into one of confusion and thought. “Huh, you think it was one of those like… Jefferson Starships or somethin?” he asks, shrugging his shoulders. Sam shrugs back at him, just as confused.
Nearby, Castiel could hear a hushed voice whispering what sounded to be Norse or scandinavian spell dialect. Castiel could not see, but with how long he’d been spending time and living with the man, he could tell it was Spencer. Castiel tugged at the restraints, hearing a short snicker echo itself from Spencer’s mouth.
Dean carried the books over to a group of desks and sat down to work. He first opened the different languages books he’d picked up, and pulled up the picture of the message. “Damn, could the guy have at least wiped away the excess? It’s a little hard to tell what the hell he’s trying to tell us.” Dean grumbled, flipping through page after page as he struggled to find some sort of guide to the rune type of writing.
Just another day, Dean thought. Just another day to try and get through. Maybe he'll earn enough for rent this time.
Dean furrowed his eyebrows, squinting from his tired eyes. His mind was filled with names and translations that all seemed to leak into each other. So he was tired, to say the least. And that’s when he heard noises coming down the stairs. He gripped the silver knife next to him, closing the computer and sliding it back under the couch. Dean’s eyes hurt from the sunlight peeking through the windows and the curtain covered screen door. Had he really been awake that long?
"Thanks for the heads up. What do they need?" He asks, sighing as Benny then gave him the most expensive looking wine bottle Dean had ever set his eyes on. The glass had to be made of diamond for a single shot to cost so much.
Dean wanders over to the map table and takes a seat, grunting in thanks as Sam slides a coffee mug across the table towards him. Dean brings the mug to his lips, taking a second before he sips from the bumble bee pattern covered mug.
Dean shrugs and nods. “I guess that could work. But we don’t know if this mother’ll be immune to touching silver, but only be hurt by being cut. Or if their weakness is something else entirely.” Dean reminds, harshly gesturing with his hands with furrowed eyebrows. His normal approach to almost anything. Dean sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose again. “Sam, have you found anything you think this even is? I mean, it can’t be a vamp, they don’t have that kind of strength.” Dean lists off.
“JUST-! Just shut up!” He yelled, his eyes flaring with anger. “You know for damn certain none of that is true. These problems start over and over again because of my ignorance. You can’t fix me! God! All I ever hear out of your mouth is pity for me! Tell me the damn truth!” Dean yells at Castiel, his body leaning towards the stiffened angel.
Alastair grinned. "Doesn't really fit you, does it sweetcheeks?" He asked, his hand aiming to swat Dean's ass again.
Dean wandered tiredly into the hallway, rubbing his eyes free of sleep. He looked around Mark’s hallway and what he could of his apartment. It was extremely modern. Less apple-pie life and more like how Dick lived. Dean shuttered at the thought. He didn’t want to think of that monster right now. Especially since he and his disgusting kind took Castiel away from him before.
“Cas… D-do...Do you still love me..” Dean asks shakily, his teeth clenching as Castiel’s grace stopped suddenly inside of him. Castiel tilts his head for a moment.
“Well obviously, Dean. You didn’t take the Impala! I thought the monster had taken you! That you were kidnapped, killed and tossed in a field somewhere! What was so important to you that you couldn’t have left a note or somethi-” Castiel begins to rant, before he sees Dean’s hand and the smudged numbers of a phone number. He instantly grabs Dean’s hand, tugging him closer. Dean lets out a small protest, groaning at the sudden pain. Then he realized what Castiel had seen.
Dean’s first thing that he saw was Castiel’s Lincoln Continental. At that sight, Dean parked the car and started to put the car into reverse. Sam jumped up at Dean’s reaction and forced Dean to put the car back into park. “Look, Dean, I know I should have told you he was here. But if I didn’t, would you have even come?” Sam asks, again flashing his puppy eyes.
“Well yeah. We do. But then again, we know little to nothing about what the hell this monster even is, let alone what’s gonna kill it. We should work on that, at the very least.” Dean says in his own exasperated way. He grunts through the words, obviously putting on his angrier hunter mask.
“This is weird, it’s so bloody but it’s still clean cuts. Like this guy is a natural at writing like this.” Sam says, making sure the phone got given back to Dean. Dean takes the phone back, looking back at the woman for a moment.
“He isn't taking this well… Is he?” Castiel asks in a caring voice. Dean almost falls over at the words. Of course he wasn’t.
One Sunday afternoon, sitting in the library with Hannah opposite, they had an unexpected visitor. They were at a desk towards the back of the library, right next to a high, arched window, lead-lined and latticed, looking out onto the snowy grounds outside. Castiel had long since finished all his homework, and the follow-up reading he’d wanted to do, too, and was now flicking idly through yet another obscure history of Hogwarts. He hadn’t quite given up hope of finding the Door again, not yet, even though it had been months since he’d seen it. Returning to the seventh floor several times hadn’t helped at all; once, Mr Singer had caught him up there, and after being asked gruffly if he was planning on blasting down any more doors, Castiel had been sent firmly but kindly on his way.
Castiel squared his shoulders and gave the door a long, hard look. It seemed relatively simple, made of dark, polished wood, with no distinguishing marks easily visible in the flickering candlelight. With a brief glance at Ash, Castiel hesitantly stuck out his hand, reached for the doorknob, and wrapped his small fingers around the cold metal handle.
Hannah didn’t answer Castiel’s question, blinking down towards the match, her messy hair falling across her face. Through it, Castiel thought he could make out tears. Gabriel’s voice was getting louder as something exciting happened down on the pitch; Castiel stopped staring at Hannah, wanting to give her a moment to pull herself together, and tried to pay attention to the match. A streak of red and gold was shooting up the pitch: Billie Reaper, the Quaffle clutched under her arm. As Castiel watched, she dodged a Bludger, looped around McKeon, the Slytherin Chaser, pelted up to Masters, the Keeper, slipped past her… and…
“We’re having a sleepover,” he said. “I was wondering if you had any potions that are just for fun. You know, something silly. Just to make us all laugh. Like games.”
The restricted section was always something that had intrigued Dean ever since he’d first set foot inside of the library. The libraries back at home in the Muggle world didn’t have anything like that at all, so it must be because of something completely magical. The idea that there was some magic that he wasn’t allowed to just walk up and learn about was… exciting. There had been a single time that he’d tried to get past the tasseled rope that was hung in front of the section, but it was as if there was some sort of magical barrier that he couldn’t get around.
Dean could feel his grip start to loosen as he was tossed around. What was he supposed to do? Apologize to the broom for freaking out? Where was Professor Mills?
Dean rolled his eyes. When he and Jo had come and crashed their little trio, Castiel hadn't expected anything particularly good to come of it - in fact, the way things had turned out was much better than what he'd been imagining, which was something more along the lines of a protracted argument between Jo and Anna.
This was… technically the best possible outcome for a rejection, right? A soft no, but also a possibility with someone who looked just like him.
To make things easier, the first thing Castiel did when they arrived in Dallas was take Dean to a department store.
“I think what Dean’s trying to say is that we’re not together the way you think we are, but we don’t mind.” Dean made an affirming sound from somewhere behind him. “And if you want a secret: the only reason Dean and I aren’t together is because he doesn’t like pineapple on pizza.”
Castiel opened his mouth to point out the irony, and then caught Hannah’s eye, and stopped himself. In an attempt to get everyone to move on from Dean’s oh-so-hilarious joke, he picked up a bottle for Hannah, and read the label.
Minutes later, Dean walked into the room, hands shoved into the pockets of his leather jacket apprehensively.
“But,” he added, regretting that he’d crushed her fun, “She does have pointy teeth I guess? And she talks about the Vampire War like she’s on the Vampires’ side.”
“Not bad, Novak,” she said, grinning at him. Castiel dipped his head in acknowledgement, smiling. It had only taken him an hour or so of practice in the common room to pick up the spell, locking and unlocking the padlock from his suitcase. He’d thought it might be useful, if and when he did ever eventually find the Door again, the one he was saying with a capital ‘D’ in his mind – the one in the strange disappearing room. The spell turned out to have come in useful in quite a different way; Charlie was looking at him with a marked increase in respect in her eyes, and Castiel thought that the rumour mill might be grinding out some good things to say about him in the near future.
“You did!” Dean was peering into his cauldron, at the thick, caramel-coloured mess inside. “How did you manage to
“No,” Castiel said, closing his bag and reshuffling the books in his arms, which had tipped alarmingly as he’d searched. “I just suddenly remembered that I dropped it on the floor in Transfiguration and forgot to pick it up. I’ve got to go back for it, it was a gift from my dad.” And it was Charms, next, which meant being taught by Naomi, and she was sure to notice if he was writing with a borrowed quill.
Dean stuttered out, trying to push back against each new wave of guilt and shame Lucifer was drowning him under.
Castiel reached into the pocket of his robes, seeking distraction in the form of the mystery of the wristwatch that he’d found a couple of hours earlier. He held it cupped in his palm again, standing under the shadow of a bookshelf, running his fingertips over its face. The numbers were in roman numeral form, but that wasn’t especially unusual… he flipped it over, and felt his heart skip a beat in excitement.
“I’m not going to blow it up,” he said, and Charlie’s face dropped. “But I can still help you. Let me just…” He pulled out his wand and moved towards the door, Charlie stepping aside to make way for him. “I was reading ahead in the
It made sense, thought Castiel grudgingly as he slipped as gracefully as he could into a seat shoved up close behind a desk. He just didn’t like it.
“AND THEY’RE OFF! We’ve got Morningstar with the Quaffle right off the bat - a little Beater pun for you there - passed off to McKeon after a bit of a loop around… looks like the back-and-forth move has become a favorite of the Slytherin team this year… and we’ve got Tian and Harrington circling from above, keeping their eye out for that elusive Snitch. Harrington is going to have an especially interesting game play, for those of you that don’t know. Not only is this his first match, but Slytherin needs to win the game by at least sixty points to win the Cup this year… definitely going to need a tricky strategy against a Seeker that just needs to catch the Snitch to have a guaranteed win.”
Another head appeared out of the same hole - this time, one with brown, messy curls and a curious expression.
“This is a stupid idea,” Dean said. “There’s all kinds of bad things in here. I heard a sixth-year telling a second-year there’s a giant spider.”
” Ash repeated more slowly. “Do you know how few places like that there are in this castle? If I can get into here, I can set up shop. I can’t keep practising Potions in my free time in my dormitory, someone’s going to complain to Professor Novak if I mess up and leave the whole place smelling like burnt seaweed again.”
"My patronus is the green tick of completion next to A Priori. So really, don't worry about it." - whelvenwings
Jo grinned and patted him on the head twice before the smile changed to concern once more. “So, who was it?”
“Hello?” he said, as he poked his head around the edge of the picture and peered around, expecting to see the Fat Lady perhaps sleeping or even missing. Instead, he saw a flurry of robes and a suddenly-casual Dean Winchester standing in front of him, his arms folded across his chest, and an unbothered expression on his face.
Apologies for the lateness of this update! Life got busy for both of us very quickly near the end of January and didn't stop over the beginning of February. Thank you for your patience! Lots more to come. Happy reading!
“If you think you need another beginner’s class, you should ask her yourself, Winchester,” he said. “Don’t rely on me to ask for you.”
“Look down at your book,” Professor Tran said, shocking Castiel out of his momentary reverie. “You will see a series of topics written there, all of which we have covered this year. These are the topics that it will be
Once they had the name Castiel could look up (or hack into) his address, occupation, credit card statement, and even his grades from college. He also discovered that he owned a dog, who had been dropped off at a family member’s home before the ‘mental breakdown’.
“No, I just - uh, um. Had a… nightmare,” Nick said, rubbing at his eyes like he’d only just woken up. “It’s not a big deal.”
Stuck onto the door, right below the room number, was a piece of parchment paper with perfectly curled writing on the front of it.
Maybe he should stop reading that treatise on vampires, he thought. It was clearly starting to get to him.
“Yeah, if anything, Dean’s the one that has to be worried. I haven’t seen him open his Charms book since the beginning of the year.” Thaddeus rolled his eyes and ruffled his hair.
Dean snapped his mouth shut and busied himself with the task at hand as he felt his face grow red with embarrassment. Had he gone a little far? Maybe that had been a bit too much to fit in with their normal banter. Was he getting a little too venomous in his teasings?
“This must have taken… ages,” Dean said, reaching for the sleeve and feeling it, as Castiel held it up with his eyes wide, not sure what to say.
“Have you ever considered finding a healthier way to. . . let out some issues?” Jenna tilted her head and folded her arms together.
He stopped when he finally saw Castiel near the back of the crowd as well, frowning the usual frown he did when he seemed to detect things were Not Quite Right.
Castiel couldn’t help stopping a few times on the way to his hundred-and-fifty-first destination. The scribbled letters were written in an old English that Castiel couldn’t understand, but they were transcribed beneath:
“Anyway,” Ash said, seeming to sense the slight stickiness of the moment. “Fun potions, you got it. I have a whole bunch. But in return, I want your help next year. Either something to hide my stuff down here, or new premises entirely.” He stuck out his hand, tentacles swaying from his hat. “Deal?”
The look on Castiel’s face was something between put-off and confused, and Dean had no doubt that he probably wasn’t the biggest fan of not being able to articulate himself the way he wanted to. A Castiel who couldn’t speak probably wasn’t the happiest of Castiels, bubbles or no bubbles.
It looked as though this was going to be a wasted venture. If Castiel hurried, he’d still be able to make it to the first course of dinner.
Dean looked back at the flower-creature and back at Lisa’s wide grin and huffed out a nervous laugh.
He hovered uncertainly for a good few seconds, trying to think through the barrel issue while also fending off his mind’s panicked demands - and then the problem was solved for him, when someone emerged from the common room anyway. It was Lisa, whose face fell into a smile when she saw him.
Jo’s expression was guarded. Castiel felt, suddenly, as though they were still playing chess. Each trying to figure out what the other was getting at, without revealing too much.
“I don’t think sirens can swim in the air,” Castiel said, apparently shaking off his embarrassment when the lure of being a know-it-all was too tempting. “They’re aquatic creatures, with no power of flight.”
It would never get better, he thought to himself. Deep down, he would always be this way, always be angry, always wish he were somewhere that he could never be.
“Too bad you’re a Gryffindor, then,” he heard one of the Slytherin girls say to the other. He looked up sharply, catching a redheaded short Slytherin giving a taller, brown-haired girl a look that was crossed between dislike and faint amusement.
“Understanding?” Castiel said in a small voice. He respected Lucifer, and he wanted to believe everything the older boy was telling him, but Charlie’s impish grin kept bursting into his mind. He couldn’t believe that she was a bad person, just on the say-so of Lucifer.
her. And she blabbed. And now I have no idea what I can say to her that won’t be all across the school in ten minutes.”
Castiel paused, remembering the expressions on the faces of his friends when he’d joked before that all Hufflepuffs were stupid. They’d been in this very corridor, right before the Potions exam.
Castiel let his eyes flick up over at Dean again, taking in the broad shoulders, the strong jawline, the freckles peppering the bridge of his nose, the unfairly green eyes -
He turned his path instead towards the library. He needed to study up if he was going to beat Winchester.
“Like I said,” Dean walked over to a table and wiped a finger along it, studying the dust he picked up, “an old bunker for the Men of Letters. This is all that’s left of them, though.”
“Hannah can hear anything you’ve got to say,” he said. He had no idea what this was about, and honestly he’d prefer to have Hannah by his side if Charlie had some kind of problem with him. Charlie squinted at Hannah for a moment, weighing her up.
Castiel tossed his coat onto a nearby chair and turned to see Dean poking his head out of his room with a smile. He felt a thud of delight in his chest - partly his own, of course, but part of it with the distinct feel of
Dean was frowning down at his cauldron, scuffing his feet nervously. Castiel knew exactly why, too – Dean was worried about the lesson ahead. And he was right to be so, and it was the same reason that Castiel, as well, found himself becoming nervous every time he was in the dungeons for this class:
“Leave her alone,” he snapped to Gordon, who turned to look at him, frowning in surprise. “She’s done absolutely nothing to you. She’s just sleeping in the bed where she belongs, where
Castiel turned round, back towards the bank - and met Dean Winchester’s eyes across the twenty feet between them.
His mouth was slightly open and the tips of his ears were red. Castiel frowned at him, wondering why he didn’t move down the train and find himself a seat. He looked as though he wanted to speak.
The sound of the voice behind them grounded Castiel back to the carnival and the line they were standing in, and Max, who was staring at them with a look that tugged on Castiel’s heartstrings in a way he didn’t quite understand.
The Entrance Hall filled up quickly, students pouring in - more even than there had been before. The game just seemed to keep growing, Castiel saw with continued astonishment. He saw Philippe and Nick walk in, and purposefully looked away before they could make eye contact. There was Hannah, and Jo and Anna, and Zeddmore and Spangler. Ash was there, talking animatedly to a tall boy who looked at least a couple of years older than him - though that might have just been because Ash was incredibly short. Castiel waited with his back pressed to a wall, watching out for his brother.
“So, have you heard anything about the other sleepover, then?” he asked, trying to sound casual about it.
He rolled his eyes. Castiel would probably know exactly how to enchant the rock to do what he wanted it to.
Ruby’s face was working, her eyes far-off. After a few moments of thought, she shrugged her shoulders and seemed to give up.
“Thanks, though,” Anna added, the words coming out awkwardly. Castiel offered her a weak smile over his shoulder, which she returned. He slipped out of sight between the bookstacks, breathing out a sigh of relief.
“I took care of it. There were fifteen vampires in there, by the way. You would have been major toast, dude.” Everything about Dean’s demeanor -  from his smile to his puffed out chest - made it seem like Dean felt extremely proud of this announcement. “And now you don’t have to. You’re welcome - again.”
Luckily, the confusion surrounding the details of the fight meant that all the participants were almost certain to avoid major backlash from the older Gryffindors for losing them all those House points – and most of them were too busy trying to get a good look at their Head of House’s nose hair to be angry, anyway. Though that could all be changing, of course, since Jo and Anna were making Castiel air the details of their punishment in front of various members of the Frog Choir. Hopefully, the buzz about the fight would have died down by the time these titbits started making the rounds, and no one would really care anyway.
Castiel sat himself down at the table in the kitchen as Dean stirred at something in a large skillet, whistling to himself off-key as he did so.
Dean shrugged and held up the single page of paper. “Just one. It’s from my mom. But my brother drew a picture on the back because he can’t write too good yet.”
“It must have taken them a lot of work to get the food that shape, Dean,” he said, after swallowing. “You don’t have to be saber-rattling about it.”
Dean wasn't sure what to hope for. All of the Houses seemed like good choices to him, but most of the other witches and wizards seemed to have pretty strong opinions either for or against every other House. Maybe that was just because he didn't know as much about them yet.
Dean shrugged to no one in particular and gently placed his foot on the first step. When it didn’t give way or crumble or block his passage like some of the other steps that he’d already come across during his time at Hogwarts, he assumed it was safe and headed onwards and upwards.
“Hmmm,” said Professor Tran, walking around the desk to pick up each of their rats, and inspect them for flaws. “Mr Winchester, your rat is missing a toe.”
Lisa poked her head out from behind the doorway, dark brown hair falling in front of her face as she tried to hug an identical-looking plant close to her chest.
“Yes, siree.” She looked up and began rubbing some of the ointment onto his cheek. “Are you a Muggle-born, dear?”
“You - you did good, Cas. Especially for a first timer. Demons can be a hell of a thing - no pun intended.”
“Houses it is, then,” Gabriel said. “I’m team leader for Team Blue, Castiel’s team leader for Team Red.”
Professor MacLeod talked on and on about some wizarding war that Dean had never known existed, before finally giving them a homework assignment as she let them leave.
Ash squinted at his cryptic statement, but when Castiel was not forthcoming, he allowed the secret to stay buried without complaint. When they were both a little calmer and more collected, they made their way across the Entrance Hall, and parted at the top of the first staircase with a grin from Castiel, and a knowing nod from Ash.
It was on the eve of April that Castiel found his peace and quiet disturbed, even a few steps into the Forbidden Forest.
“But they’re not right,” Jo continued hastily. “They’re wrong and they’re mean. You’re just as much of a wizard as I am a witch, okay? Anyone who says you’re not is wrong.” Jo reached over and set a hand on his shoulder. “It’s dumb. My mom says that anyone who uses that word is old-fashioned and should immediately be turned into a toad for the rest of their life. Besides, you know how good you are at magic, right? There’s your proof.”
Anna’s face crumpled for a second, and then she whirled around and faced away from them all, crossing her arms. Castiel and Hannah studiously avoided each other’s eyes. Being friends with both Jo and Anna was proving more trouble than fun by far, at the moment.
“I do like people who know their own strengths,” Lucifer said. “And I like people who aren’t afraid to buck the trend. You’re interesting, Castiel.”
have an owl?” Dean asked, the thought suddenly coming to him. There was no reason for him not to, that Dean could see. He could definitely afford one, and while it was decently common for students to not have a pet, owls were so
Lisa drew a smiley face. The conversation seemed to be over. Castiel wondered if he’d said something wrong, or if she’d just found it funny and didn’t know what to say back. He decided to let it be.
where Martin made a big ruckus at a perfectly peaceful park and tried to climb the trees and eat the bread for the ducks and sing very loudly near a sleeping baby. Martin was obliviated again and sent on his way.
“I know. But it’s all I have right now.” She took a breath and locked her gaze with his. “Castiel… I need your help.”
Dean nodded solemnly as he tried to process all of that new information he’d just received. Four Houses. All different. All good. Magic hat. Got it.
He narrowed his eyes - and just then, noticed Dean Winchester at the other side of the pitch. He had gone very still, hovering in midair, his head angled towards the Chasers, too. Castiel knew, he
Professor Mills pointed at Dean and Ruby to come to the front, as well as a blond Gryffindor boy, and
look a bit older than the seventh years. Maybe this would be what he’d look like just after he graduated from Hogwarts, and got his first real job.
Slowly, trying to be as quiet as possible, Lisa and Castiel reached down into their bags for their books and notes. Castiel reached first for his Transfiguration work, since the exam was the next day. He began reading, and was soon so lost in his work that he barely noticed the time passing. Every now and then, he stuck out an arm to absently practise a wand movement. The clock ticked.
The worst part of it all wasn’t the horrified look Madam Hansum had given him when he explained what had happened as she dried him off. The worst part wasn’t four detentions that Mr Singer had given him for blatantly disregarding the lake ban and nearly getting himself killed. It wasn’t the gossip that immediately was spread around the Hufflepuff common room and it wasn’t the maniacal laughter that Gabriel had produced once he knew that Dean hadn’t died, and was handing over the well-earned quill.
The machete was knocked out of his hand and for a terrifying few moments, Castiel felt hands begin to squeeze around his throat, cutting off his airway.
“Jo…” Castiel said. “You’re - HIC - you’re not in your right mind, you just need to wait a bit and the effect will wear off…”
He didn’t know why she’d want to hide where she came from, or who her family was, though. He had no idea. Maybe her parents were bad wizards; maybe they were criminals, or maybe they were - Castiel swallowed - maybe they were Squibs. He’d heard Michael use that word, once, as though it were dirty. It meant being born without magic, even though you had magical parents.
“Thank you, Dean. I’m glad you’re as good as everyone says you are.” Ava gave him a nod before turning back around the way she came, this time with a slight skip in her step.
He got to his feet, knowing that Professor Mills would soon be calling the class to attention and preparing them for the lesson - the most important lesson in their flying careers so far. Castiel gritted his teeth together as he pushed out through the heavy wooden door of the changing room, and into the sunlight.
Castiel hurried over to meet him, keeping his eyes peeled for any teachers – but the place was deserted, with everyone else busy tucking into their dinner in the Great Hall. As he followed Ash, descending into the gloom of the dungeons, Castiel couldn’t help wishing that he were with them. He took a moment to wonder, as he headed down and down and down the flights of stairs, how many other students were using tonight’s meal as a time to go about the murkier side of their business. How many students in the history of Hogwarts had walked down these same stairs, wishing that they were up in the feast above.
“I mean, I don’t know if it’ll work, but it’s Christmas and I don’t know if Professor Gadreel will even be there, so maybe give it a shot?”
“I guess -” Dean said, trying to unspool his emotions from the knot they’d made in his heart, “He’s - he’s
“Throw it away,” Dean said automatically, wanting the book to be as far out of sight and out of mind as humanly possible. Somewhere it couldn’t hurt people anymore. “Or burn it.”
That was impossible, of course, because Sam and Eileen were out for the night on a date, Castiel was on his weekly therapeutic grocery shopping trip, and Dean was by himself in the bunker’s laundry room.
It took him about five minutes to figure out how to put on the weird set of robes. Four of those minutes were just him getting lost in the fabric and attempting to find the way out. Magic-people actually wore these? Voluntarily?
“Yes, you are!” Castiel said and rolled his eyes and huffed out an angry breath, choosing to go back to his clipping with more fervor.
know it! I just can’t remember right now,” Dean lied, and shoved his hands into his robe pockets as he stalked towards the doorway, Castiel following after him.
“I don’t want a boyfriend,” Charlie was saying stoutly to Bela, when Castiel snapped out of his thoughts and back to their conversation.
Castiel stood frozen for a long moment, made of ice. He held the tears inside, just barely - or rather, he thought he did, not noticing the single one that slipped down his cheek. Nor did he notice the person who came to stand beside him, watching after Naomi as she strode off.
“I know he played a prank on you,” Castiel said, when Dean wasn’t forthcoming, only chewing on his lip and blinking at the ground. At Castiel’s words, though, he looked up sharply.
Gabriel grinned at the familiar words, the ones they always said to each other before beginning to play the game. He flicked his eyes towards Hannah and then gave Castiel a tiny wink. Castiel wanted to believe it was the kind of wink that meant
He was just stepping onto the first step of the marble staircase that led up from the Entrance Hall, when he caught sight of an unexpected and ever-unwelcome figure - Dean Winchester, walking past the top of the stairway, moving with his usual messy, too-cool-to-care-how-I-walk gait.
He’d thought that after these detentions, he and Lisa might be friends. A kind of shared experience of something bad, bringing them together. But the words were stark on the page –
“Then again, I never raised you to be a Gryffindor,” she added, her tone barely disguising her distaste. Castiel’s hands were curled into little fists, so that they wouldn’t shake.
Cheeky play. Did she even see the Snitch? Probably just wanted to know how the other team would react if she dived when they weren’t ahead by sixty points. Well, my hat is off to Ambriel Tian, that’s for sure.”
Castiel wrote the one word, and then pulled his quill away. He reached for the piece of notepaper, and screwed it up, and put it in his bag. He knew why. Because Dean had asked her not to. And then, after another fifteen minutes, he tore off a new sheet of notepaper and scribbled,
“Mullen passes to Pond… Pond passes back to Mullen - THAT’S A BLUDGER, MULLEN - well dodged! Mullen to Maxwell, THAT’S A SHOT ON GOAL, AND… aaaah, a good save from Masters, unfortunately. No score for Ravenclaw yet.”
“I get it,” he said, as Castiel began chewing again. “It’s hard to find a place, I know. But the thing is, I think Professor Apollyon is onto me. I went down to the dungeon the other day and she was stalking around down there. When she saw me, she asked me what I was doing there, so I told her I was looking for Professor Crowley, but I don’t think she bought it.”
“It’s going to begin!” said Jo, who had missed the exchange since she was at the end of the row, and had been talking with Anna. She pointed directly across the pitch, to where a small figure was visible, stepping up onto the commentator’s box.
All of it, Sam’s look and the sensation in his stomach and the way Castiel was now half-smiling at him across the table, all of it seemed like a clear and direct message in a language that he didn’t yakkety-yak.
“Now, the Vampire War of 1347 is not to be mistaken for the Banshee revolution of 1424. There were similar reasons for the bloodshed but ultimately, one takes place in Romania while the other was in Ireland. Please don’t mix those two up on the quiz.”
He stopped moving when the water was up to his navel. The fronds below were thick and twisty - their touch was clammy and vaguely repulsive, now, where before it had been ticklish and strange.
“Maybe you do know what the right thing is. You just think it’s too difficult to do it.” Jo leaned forward, tapped a pawn on the head to wake it up - it had been starting to snooze through their chatter - and directed it forwards.
“I suppose so,” Castiel said uncomfortably. He both did and didn’t like the idea of Gabriel intervening on his behalf.
“We’ve got a base up ahead with some Slytherins! They all sent me to go get you while they plan our next attack.” Garth suddenly dropped to the ground and disappeared beneath the wall of snow, only to poke his head out of a small opening in the base of the wall and gesture for Dean to follow.
“It’s nothing,” she said eventually, when Castiel followed her. “It’s nothing, really, I just don’t like him that much. And he doesn’t like me either, so I guess we just don’t get on. It’s fine.”
Castiel glanced over at Dean, who was prodding the inside of his cauldron dubiously with the end of his wand.
“The one being planned in the Gryffindor common room?” Turvey set the plates in front of Dean and nodded, a twinkle in his eye. “Indeed, Turvey has, sir. Pardon if this isn’t welcome, but to Turvey, it seems that sir’s life might be easier if he mended bridges with that Gryffindor boy.”
Dean pressed at the back of clock and eased it open, peeking out into an empty common room. The sleepover wasn’t scheduled to start for another half an hour, so it was lucky that they hadn’t invited anyone that showed up super early. Most people were probably finishing up their dinner in the Great Hall, still, but Dean and Garth had gulped theirs down quickly so that they could go and get everything ready.
“Well, it’s really pretty, Lisa.” Dean gently took the flower in his free hand and smelled it. “Thanks! I’ll be sure to put it in a vase when I get home so it doesn’t die.”
Nick shrugged. “Not really. Sort of. Like I’d heard of some stuff before but I didn’t know dates or anything specific. Mom would mention history stuff every once in awhile but not super often.”
“Stand up for the first question. I am going to give you two possible answers. If you think the first answer is correct, you raise your left hand. If you think the second answer is correct, you raise your right hand. If your choice was correct, you remain standing, and move on to the next question. If your choice was incorrect, you may sit down, and use the time while the test continues to reflect on the manifold hours you will be spending on revision. Now,” she said, clapping her hands, as all the students scraped back their chairs to get to their feet. “How many taps do we give a matchstick when we want it to turn into a needle? One, or two?”
“Why would they think that?” Dean asked, following after Jo as she began to walk - not that he really needed to hear Jo’s explanation.
Frustration boiled inside of him, threatening to explode outward - but even that choice was stolen from him - he couldn’t speak.
Behind him, he heard rapid footsteps; Dean was hastily walking away. Castiel didn't blame him, but wished he’d have stayed. Even Dean Winchester’s company was an acceptable shield against his mother's disapproval.
A quick note on a name: Apollyon is another name given to Abaddon, essentially a Greek translation of the Hebrew word. What we've done here is created the Moon Moon of A Priori. Godammit, who invited Abaddon Apollyon.
Ripples caressed the surface once more, and as much as Dean was sure it was most likely just a few fish skimming the surface, part of him couldn’t help but wonder if it was something bigger. Whistling casually, he walked along the shoreline where the water licked against smooth stones, and reached down to pick up a particularly flat rock that had been smoothed from years of tumbling underwater.
“I know,” he said. “It makes no sense. But those ingredients cost me a year of pocket money. I don’t wanna lose them. And if they’re found under my bed, I can always say someone put them there, right?”
Castiel and Dean stepped forward onto the rickety carnival Spin-O-Rama and took their respective seats in the ride, neither of them saying anything.
“So, why are we doing this?” Dean asked, pausing to pull a shiny maroon suit off the rack and give it an approving nod. “And can I have this one?”
"Well, you can at least have a good guess," Ash piped in. "Like, your mom and dad were both Gryffindors, right, Jo?"
“Goddammit.” Dean said, shoving the book back angrily in Castiel’s direction. “What the hell am I supposed to do until then, huh? Lock myself in my room and live like a hermit?”
Pushing his chair back almost silently, Dean pointed his wand over at Lisa’s quill, hoping he had the range for the spell as he’d never actually tested his limits. Everything he’d ever had to repair had been directly in front of him.
“It’s okay. Are you using that book?” he asked, pointing at the Dragon book, but looking at the smaller book that Hannah was currently trying to cover in her lap.
Castiel’s eyes were alight with hope and happiness, and they dipped down to take a gander at Dean’s yap, and
“But if I choose the best present ever…” Castiel trailed off. Anna’s red hair fell forward over her shoulder as she shifted her weight from one foot to the other.
He blinked, trying to figure out whether he liked what he’d just heard - whether Michael really was proud of how he was doing, or just trying to warn him that there was a close eye being kept on him. He wanted to believe the first, but it felt more like the latter.
“It’s hard,” she said. “Arguing with someone you care about. Last year, with Jo and me…” She swallowed. Castiel remembered the fight between Anna and Jo – how far the ripples of it had spread, how angry they’d both been. And now, they were back to being friends.
Castiel looked at Dean, and then down at himself, taking in the ragged jeans he was wearing, a t-shirt he’d grabbed from a second-hand store, and a dark denim jacket that had
“I – I know,” Castiel said. What kind of world did Hannah live in, where people only did good things for each other because they were owed? “I’m not asking because I owe you, or because I want you to owe me, I just… you’re my friend. Thinking of you getting hurt when I’m not there makes me want to – to spell Gordon right in his stupid face!”
“My father gave me a broom,” Castiel said again, a little more strongly. He gripped the handle in both hands, and lifted the broom off the table. It felt so good to hold, light and balanced. He leaned forwards, and called down the table, towards the middle where people were still eating their breakfast and having normal conversations.
The castle at night - Castiel had never seen it like this, with shadows clinging to the ceiling and pooling down the stairs. Every lurch of the broom round the spiral staircase brought them to face a new looming, cruel-shaped darkness splashed across the wall or over the floor. Castiel only realised he was squeezing Dean’s waist too hard when Dean batted his hand and said,
Joshua tilted his head to the side and looked down at the book title for the first time as he ran his fingers over the cover. For a moment, Dean thought Joshua was going to be mad at him, but instead he waved a hand and the wooden gate that led to behind his desk swung open.
“Are you kidding? I don’t trust anything mysterious Ash makes and calls ‘fun’.” Dean eyed the box with scrupulous mistrust. “I like having both of my ears on my head.”
towards Castiel. Jo flipped through the pages and squinted at the words until she apparently came up with another question.
“Knowledge is nothing,” Naomi said flatly, “without its context, Castiel. And your context is demanding. If you were anyone else, your learning would be enough. But because of who you are and who you will become, you need to do better now.”
Dean pondered it and figured that if he hadn’t heard of any other secret passages by now, Charlie was probably very good at keeping secrets and wouldn’t go around snitching on him. That, and it was in the Hufflepuff common room - and the chances of her sneaking her way in there without getting vinegar sprayed on her were very slim.
Dean grimaced at the smug look on Castiel’s face and almost regretted getting him a birthday present just because of it.
And then Dean had picked up the book that he’d come in with, and left with a slight smile on his face. He hadn’t noticed Castiel at all.
Dean couldn’t go back to sleep. Give Spencer another opportunity to try and feed on him while he’s unconscious? No thank you. Dean was heavily on edge, he was panting and he gripped the side of the couch and the knife in his hands like a crutch. What even was he? He looked like a dead body that had been in the ground for a good twenty years and was decaying like a bitch. Guess that’s where the decaying smell came from.
Dean scoffed, the officer leading him out forcing him to stand next to the two. The chief then looked towards Dean. “So, Mr. Thornhill, is Mr. Desmond’s testimony of the events true? Was that how it happened?” The chief asks. Dean rolled his eyes, rubbing his face to wipe the annoyed and angry look from his face as he spoke up again.
Sam raised an eyebrow and shook his head. “No, no Dean that-That can’t be true. Are you sure you weren’t just imagining all of it? You and him have been at each other’s throats the entire time we’ve been here.” Sam asks, his eyebrow raised hesitantly.
Dean looked through the books, trying to see if there were any norse mythological creature books. His finger scanned over the titles as he squinted his eyes trying to read them. He didn’t know how anybody could find what they were looking for with the titles so small. After a good few moments he picked out a few books about Norse mythology and it’s fair share of creatures and monsters.
Sam clears his throat, finally easing the tension between the two. Dean sighed in relief, looking down. He was trying so hard to do this for Castiel. To be happy for him. But it was proving to be a much harder task than he thought. “So… Tell us about the case. You’ve been on the case for longer, so you should have more information than us.” Sam assumed.
Dean slowly woke up, but not where he expected to be. He opened his eyes, immediately feeling the tears he’d been crying in his sleep falling against his cheek. He sighed to himself, getting quite annoyed with his persistent problem. Dean goes to wipe away the evidence of his tears, but his hand is held against the wall. Dean chuckled sadly, looking down at his hand.
“Well fine. But if you get hurt I’m blaming them.” Spencer growled, pointing a finger at Dean. Dean rolled his eyes and turned towards Spencer.
Dean leaned against the back of the chair, sighing through his nose as he propped the book open in his lap. He looked down at the words, and started to read, trying to focus on the sentences and the stories formed by them. But his thoughts were running rampant. Dean just couldn’t get the image of Castiel… and Spencer having sex out of his head. And it hurt damn good.
Dean bent down as he looked in the fridge just as Castiel was turning to go look at another cabinet. Castiel felt his vessel’s breath hitch quietly. His cheeks reddened and he cleared his throat. His vessel had a problem now. And Castiel knew why. Dean stood back up when he grabbed a bunch of dippable vegetables from the fridge.
Mark glanced at Dean again, rolling his eyes as he was flipped off and Dean purposefully got closer. “Look, this message is a little fuzzy. But the gist of it is ‘If you ever wanna see your angel again, I suggest you look where there are no people, a place long abandoned to conceal my death-like stench.’ or something like that. It’s fuzzy, like I said. Very formal text.” Mark says with a huff. “Now can I leave? I have a meeting to get to. And I would very much like to not be annoyed when I go in.” Mark sneered, his hands clenching into aggravated fists.
Dean let out another long sigh, flipping a few of the burgers as a man walked up to the grill, sipping his red solo cup. “Hey, we got burgers and hot dogs, take your pick.” Dean says in a grumble, his eyes moving away from the depressing view of Castiel and Spencer and back down to the boring burgers and hot dogs. The man chuckles, making Dean’s chest tighten as he recognizes the voice.
As soon as the door was closed, Dean didn't waste any time hurrying down the stairs and back into the bar area. Dean gasped and panted once he found himself near the bar again, leaning against it.
Castiel shook his head, turning around and pulling out a mug and pouring coffee into it. “No, for as long as I’ve been on the case, We have almost nothing. I gave you all that we know. Each victim had no correlation to the next. None that we’ve seen.” Castiel says, casting a glance at Spencer who nods.
"Lucifer, I doubt he is a mute. However I would appreciate it if you wouldn't speak of our employees this way. We wouldn't have what we do if we did not have them." Castiel scolded, earning an eye roll and a groan from 'Lucifer'.
Dean shoved the thoughts away and just kept climbing. The smell grew worse with each step he took. How could Castiel not smell this every time he came up here? Right, he’s an angel. Duh.
So instead of running out of town, Dean just drove. He drove the long ways, the backways, even the shortcuts until he ran out of gas. Right up near a cliff. Dean parked as well as he could in his now tipsy state, and he tumbled out of the Impala. Dean carried the full bottle of whiskey with him, chugging the golden brown liquor as he approached the edge of the cliff. He was so, so done. Done with all the lies, the cheating, the feelings. Done with all the hiding, the tears, the nightmares. And he was done with his own self doubt telling him he wasn’t going to ever be good enough.
Castiel’s hands snaked around to Dean’s front, taking the two parts of Dean’s open jeans, opening them wider as he tugs Dean’s jeans down his legs. After this, Dean can finally feel Castiel against him as he wraps his arms around Dean’s torso. He's taken off his trench coat, and Dean can feel his pants are unzipped, and open.
Castiel tilted his head in confusion. “Dean? Are you alright? You aren’t looking at me…” Castiel asks, moving his head more to see Dean’s face. Right as he was going to ask again, Sam wandered out, smiling and walking towards the both of them.
“I love you, Dean Winchester. You don’t have to hide from me.” Castiel assures, pulling Dean into a long awaited kiss. Dean’s heart skipped a beat, and he hesitated before he let himself kiss Castiel back. He felt the familiar spark reappear in his chest as he tilted his head, pressing his lips firmly against Castiel’s.
“No Cas, I’m fine. I have personally, never been better.” He insists, forcing yet another hard expression onto his face. Castiel looks down at Dean’s feet, knowing that this wasn’t going to work. Not with Dean pushing him away as he was.
Spencer gave Dean a glare for a moment, and when Dean began to open his mouth he spoke up, effectively interrupting the elder Winchester. “Dean, are you sure we should have you on this one? You were staying here, and with your recent assault, not many are going to want to believe that fake badge of yours.” Spencer sneers, making Dean huff and tense his right hand into a fist.
Sam looked over at his brother, and his gaze shifted from him to the other two in the room. “Well, I guess we’ll try to talk to the locals tomorrow. Some of your neighbors might’ve seen something.” Sam suggests. Castiel looked up at Sam at the insistence of the two staying, making Castiel smile.
Dean’s eyes scaled the living room. Any possible exit of the room was quickly put into his memory; The screen door, through the kitchen to the back door, out the open window Castiel had a screen behind, etc. Dean couldn’t let this monster hurt anyone else. The good news was that he didn’t seem to hold a grudge against Sam or Cas, so Dean just had to keep an eye on Spencer, make sure he doesn’t try anything to get alone with Sam. Cas was definitely safe and in the green zone. Spencer ‘loved’ him. But it was more like a yandere relationship.
Sam speaks up again after a moment, trying to focus on the case rather than Dean’s harsh behavior. “Okay well, has anything stood out? Places? Any connections between the victims at all?” Sam asks.
“Jealousy? Cas that’s what you call jealousy? He literally broke me down at the party to get me to leave! To break my promise to you! He paid Mark off to screw me! He has shown me nothing but hostility ever since he found out I was your ex! If that’s what jealousy is I’m a fucking saint!” Dean fumes, his hand returning to his side.
"Hey hot stuff, what a nice ass you got. Wonder what it's like to fill it." A disgusting drunk commented as Dean passed. Dean hated his uniform. It was tight in all the wrong places. It was a tracksuit of sorts. Supposed to make him look desirable. It was all marketing.
Sam nudges Dean’s arm to get his attention, chuckling a bit afterwards. Dean fumbles with his words for a few seconds, making himself look effectively stupid before he finally says something. “Sure. Just don’t poison us.” He says, a little more serious than he meant.
Dean walked up onto the line of motel rooms, making his way towards the one doorway surrounded by police tape, when he sees his motel keys he’d left on the rug the previous night had been moved, and were beside the rug instead. He, very confused, picks them up and looks up, seeing his motel room door slightly ajar. Dean presses against the wood of the door, and peeks inside his room. When he does, he sees smashed bottles, flipped over furniture, and a torn apart bed. Dean blinks a few times as he stares into the room. Someone had tried to look for something in his room. Someone who had probably been there not too long before.
Castiel didn’t go any further than the gentle kiss, pulling back after a few moments. “Stay here, Dean. I’ll need your help when I get back.” Castiel says, cupping Dean’s cheek once more before he kisses it in a way to say that he’ll return.
Shock runs through Dean like a run-away train. What? Was this monster trying to literally hunt him? Dean shook his head in disbelief in Castiel’s statement. “What? When?” He asks, hurrying over and helping Sam pick up the documents.
Castiel takes Spencer’s hand in his and flashes him a smile. “Honey, these are my old friends. The ones I told you were helping me with this case.” He says. Spencer still seemed wary, but nodded, turning towards Dean and Sam, extending a hand.
“Sam I did it again! I pushed him away! I let him go! Now he’s being held by this crazy ass boyfriend of his that just so happens to be our monster of the week!” Dean rants, his eyes wide as he sarcastically recounted what bullshit their situation was.
Dean grunted and pushed past the officer. “Sorry, but I don’t have the time to answer any of your stupid fucking questions-” Dean growled in a huff. Instead of being able to get away, the officer grabbed Dean’s wrist and held him in place.
Dean growled again, stomping up to the entrance and grabbing Mark’s wrist, pinning him to the outside of the library. Mark lets out a grunt and starts to pant, looking around angrily until he sees Dean. He rolled his eyes, smirking at the elder Winchester.
Dean looked up at Castiel slightly in surprise. He felt like a child, not being able to sleep without their parent’s presence. Dean felt guilty for even considering it. Castiel was with Spencer. But this opportunity? And Castiel was offering it to him? Dean couldn’t resist it. He missed him.
Dean hit the side of his leg and he wiped his face with his hands, looking away from Cas. He was tired of this. All of this running back and forth between them. Did Cas still want him or not? Had Dean even asked Cas to forgive him yet? This was just all too much.
Either way, Dean needed to find a way to get to Cas before he met up with Spencer. Or else Cas was going to be in trouble. And Dean wasn’t going to let him get hurt because of Dean’s stupid decisions again. Dean paced back and forth over the stone walkway until he remembered Sam was still in the house. Immediately his feet carried him back into the house and raced up the stairs, pinching his nose as he burst into the guest bedroom where Sam had been staying.
Castiel sighed, still not answering Dean. Dean shook his head, taking Castiel’s silence as his answer. “Fine. Have it your way.” Dean snapped, before he stormed off to get changed out of his wet clothes. Castiel was left standing in the middle of the living room, feeling guilty and forlorn for what he’d lost.
“Hey, buddy, I’ve been trying to be nothing but nice to you. And sure, he’s my ex. But I’m at least guaranteed a friendship with my best friend. Even if I blew up at him.” Dean scolds, pointing a finger at Spencer. Castiel sighed at Dean, wishing he hadn’t spoken up.
“A spell, silly. The least I can do for now, till that stupid soulmate of yours comes back and ruins everything. I’m putting you under the same spell as last time. Unless you want to help me willingly, so I won’t hurt anyone else you love. And you’d get to be in control of your mind the whole time.” Spencer offers, smearing the dark blood across the photo with his grey and decaying thumb.
Castiel again looked disheartened at Dean’s urgency to leave. But he could understand why. He nods and smiles at his old friend. “Alright Dean. Please, take care.” He says. Dean nods wordlessly and turns around, and walks out the door, fully planning on drinking himself stupid in whatever motel room he could find.
“What the hell is your problem with me having a one night stand, Cas?! Why?! Why do you care so much that some other man fucked me?!” Dean bellows, and he could swear he felt his blood rising to his face. Because he saw a mirror of it on Castiel’s face. Castiel was panting in anger now, and he firmed his posture as he almost exploded with his exclamation.
Twenty or so minutes later Castiel wandered through to the backyard, looking around like he was searching for someone. He smiled as he spotted Dean, carrying a carry-out box over to Dean and setting it down next to him but not on top of the books. “Hello Dean. How was your translation process?” Castiel asks, taking a seat next to Dean. Dean felt his heart lurch in his chest, making him almost start crying again. He took in a deep breath and looked over his notes, shrugging.
“S-Sammy-?! Wh-what? No, no I did not cut myself man! Let me go-!” He scoffed, pulling his arms from Sam’s grips, rubbing his wrists once they were free. “What the hell Sam?!” He demanded, blinking his eyes as he felt the sleep heavy on his eyes. At least he hadn’t woken up crying this time. But that was because Spencer decided to give him something to cry about.
“Dean, please tell me the truth. I promise, things will be better off that way. We can make this better.” Castiel tries. Dean scoffs again, tears slowly forming in the back of his eyes.
"How dare you! I am the Boss's bitch. I'm not a cheating woman!" She insists. Andrea couldn't help but let out a snicker. Gabriel in the back let out a full cackle.
“I guess you’re right, Dean. Now let’s translate this writing, shall we?” Mark says, pulling Dean’s phone closer to him and starts to analyze the writing and the symbols. Dean watched Mark from afar, expecting him to be freaked out that it was literally carved into the back of a middle aged woman. But Mark didn’t flinch as he ran a finger against the glass to trace the markings.
“Ngh… Come on Cas,” Dean chuckled slightly. “You know I like it a little painful,” Dean reminds, looking back at the angel currently inside him. Castiel chuckled, and almost pulled out.
“These are just runes like the one on the message, Dean I don’t understa-” Sam starts. Dean groaned and ripped the photo from Sam’s hands, followed by tearing the photo in half. Sam blinks a few times again, looking around the room for a moment, like he was looking at it in a new light. Then immediately he covers his nose.
Dean runs into the living room and stops dead in his tracks as he sees Castiel holding onto his phone as he helped Sam put together some of the evidence. “What the hell? What happened?” He asks, gesturing to the two’s gathered documents.
Castiel sighed, looking down to where Dean had. His chest was filled with a bundle of human emotions. He detected jealousy, anger, sadness, guilt, and a tiny pang of happiness that Dean had shared something so hard to share. “Too many…” He finally answered. Dean let out a tsk and and looked up, blinking away incoming tears. Why was he so emotional? He remembered a time when in an argument discussing his feelings he wouldn’t even shed a tear. But now he was finding it hard not to.
“But then, down from Heaven came the most beautiful woman. Angel, really. She called herself Esther. And she was gorgeous. She healed me. Gave me strength to walk again. I owed her my life. Then, before I could even tell what had happened in the months that she stayed by my side, we were in love. But really, Heaven wouldn’t allow it. So she called on her garrison commander, you, to keep our secret. You agreed, and we were free to be us forever.” Spencer says in a fake dreamy voice, putting his hands in a dainty like gesture against his face.
Dean raised an eyebrow and shrugged, putting what dip that Castiel even had in the center of the vegetables. He continued to help Castiel prepare more sides for the barbeque, ignoring the thumb of nervousness that repeated in his chest. Dean had a feeling this barbeque was going to hurt. Having it at Castiel’s place made it worse. Dean couldn’t use the excuse that he needed to go back to get something and then just don’t return. But Dean kept telling himself he was doing this for Cas. That was all that mattered.
Dean reached into the couch where he’d stashed the knife and swung it back behind him at Spencer. And all of a sudden Spencer cried out in pain as Dean jerked the knife back. Dean turned around and looked at Spencer, who was holding his now bleeding shoulder with a large gash that seemed to grow larger and larger as his skin and eyes turned back to normal. What the hell even was this guy?
“Would you shut up?! I’m trying to feed in peace here and you certainly aren’t helping! The world will be a much better place once you aren’t around to ruin my plans-” Spencer sneers, leaning into Dean’s neck, and almost turning his head completely around. His teeth were bared against Dean’s throat, like he was going to suck his blood like a freaking vamp. Oh hell no.
Castiel stood there, looking away from Dean for a moment, unsure of whether or not to look Dean in the eyes. To have to see the sorrow there. Castiel wished that Dean would let him burn away the warding, let him see what was really going on in his hunter’s mind.
After another moment of, in Dean’s opinion, fuzzy feelings pass and then Dean has to clear his throat. “Well I should get going then. Sammy is obviously staying here, and I would really like to get to eating some greasy diner food. Good luck with your rabbit food Sam, Cas. And uh… nice to meet you Spence’.” Dean says, snapping his fingers and giving him finger guns as he began to walk away backwards.
“No, Cas. No. Because the entire time I’ve been here? I’ve hurt you. Spencer actually had some fact to what he was saying. I hurt everyone I’m around. Ellen, Jo, Bobby, Charlie, Kevin, Sam, You, you’ve all died for me. You and Sam more than once. When am I ever gonna stop losing the people I love?! Never! Because I’m cursed, Cas! I hurt everyone I’m around. I don’t want to hurt you or-or get you killed again! That’s why I keep pushing you away! Keep you far enough away that I don’t hurt you with everything else in my head! Do you know how many nightmares I’ve had of you dying? Over and over?” Dean rants, a single tear building up in his tear duct and falling down his cheek. Castiel widened his eyes, not expecting Dean to confess to how he’s been feeling.
“Damn it, Mark! Fuck me already!” Dean growled, shoving his ass back into Mark’s hands. He’d only ever bottomed for Cas, so he knew this was going to be a different experience. Cas never had to prep him, since he had his grace. So Dean didn’t know how this was going to feel. He was starting to wish that maybe he hadn’t said yes. Because all his mind could think of, even as this was all happening, was Cas. Cas fucking him, Cas teasing him, making him beg. That wasn’t fair to Mark. But all of Dean’s body kept telling him yes. So he gave in, and kept his eyes shut. Mark didn’t have to know he was imagining Cas, and not him.
"Careful, Brother. That's the last one. The boss'd tear off your hide for that little mistake right there." Benny warned. Dean grumbled and rubbed his neck.
“Dean! This has to stop! Spencer isn’t the monster, Dean. Do you really think Cas would be dating the monster? I think you’re just jealous! And that’s okay!” Sam says in another exasperated sigh. Dean shook his head.
Dean opened up his phone and groaned as he saw his father had been the one blowing up his phone. He never called. And when he did it was for an emergency.
“Castiel, he’s your ex. Aren’t you even a little bit suspicious that he might try to get with you again? It’s clear he’s still not over you.” Spencer says in a husher voice. Castiel rolled his eyes again and Dean drew in a sharp breath. This asshole…
“Gross… I swear this guy really needs something much stronger than that cologne he uses.” Dean coughed, squinting his eyes as he looked around. Then an idea came into his head.
“Listen, man, I get you love Cas and all, I get that, But if you really want him to love you, you gotta let him make his own choices-” Dean started. But apparently Spencer was having none of it because as soon as he began to give Spencer advice, Spencer’s elongated and dead nails swiped at him, cutting across his chest.
Castiel looks disappointed when Dean insists that they already have a motel room instead of accepting his offer. But he doesn’t let the feeling last. “Well, alright. Feel free to stay one of these nights, Dean. we do have a couch as well.” Castiel extends the offer again, on a much more appealing olive branch. Dean shrugs.
As soon as they pulled up to the place that Sam and the GPS that Sam insisted that they use said was their destination, he immediately started to regret ever coming.
So as Castiel was explaining how he’d begun to fall for the Cologne Shower man, Dean felt his chest aching again. Castiel was happy, and again, Dean didn’t want to ruin that.
Spencer, although not visible to the angel, smirked greedily. Spencer got to his feet and forcefully took a kiss from the angel, tilting his chin up to reach his lips. Castiel focused all of his willpower on trying to fight against Spencer’s kiss, but was unsuccessful. Spencer drew back his undead kiss and backed away from the angel.
“A moose? You mean the tall guy with the shaggy hair? Sure. Sick ‘em on me.” He chuckled. “Though I’m sure I can trouble in other ways.” Mark winks, sending butterflies into Dean’s stomach. Dean raised a flirtatious eyebrow, unaware of the angel walking up behind them.
Dean swerved the car as he turned right, making Sam grab at the sides of his seat. Dean took several shallow breaths, causing Sam to put a hand on his shoulder. Dean finally calmed somewhat, realizing that Cas would not want to find out that his rescue came with a police ticket.
Sam grabs Dean’s shoulders and leads him out of the building, sighing as he tries to explain. “Dean, look, I know doing this behind your back was… it was stupid. But we had to do it. Cas wanted to mend things and I-” Sam starts. Dean shook his head, fighting against Sam’s hold.
“You weren’t supposed to find out. I had to pay Mark in return for sleeping with Dean, for getting him to try and flirt with the damn hunter to get him off of you and to keep him from helping to break the damn spell. He wanted sex in return, so I gave it. Humans…” Spencer growled, holding the photo idly.
Dean grunts and sighs. “Fine. I’ll stick around. With that recent murder we should be able to find some connections anyway.” He says, beating around the bush that was the issue. But when Dean looked back at Castiel, he almost smiled, seeing Castiel’s pearly whites flashing back at him as he was relieved that Dean wasn’t going to truly leave.
“We already have a motel room. Sorry Cas.” Dean says, forcing another smile on his face. The thought of having no escape from the constant reminder that he fucked up, that felt like torture. He’d rather take his chances in a questionable motel room than that.
Castiel looked so happy. Content, even. And it was all without Dean. If only he could’ve held his tongue, not fought with Castiel when all he wanted to do was help him, then maybe that would be him sitting next to Cas, and not the man he’s replaced him with. Dean was jealous, he knew he was. In his head, Castiel was his. Well, used to be. Then he pushed him away. Because everyone that associates with him dies eventually. And his life is too complicated to give him anything remotely normal.
Kelly scoffs. "And what the hell would that be? Dean?" She says angrily, adding an insulting emphasis on Dean's name.
Dean shook his head, and firmed his face, swallowing his feelings. He didn’t need them anyway. He had the fake ones. Sam frowned and pulled the plate back over to himself, about to speak up again before the devil walked in.
Alastair chuckled, gesturing for one of the men who had accompanied him to stand beside him. "You know I was only joking, Castiel. Although the King would love a pretty new asset like this." Alastair purred disgustingly.
Dean could again remember a time when he’d smirk and begin to whistle when he heard those noises coming from another room. Especially when he and Sam would get separate motel rooms and he could hear Sam’s bed frame banging against the wall. But now, all it did was increase his want to shrivel up, his memory of his mistake, and amplify his regret that he ruined everything between him and Castiel.
“Hello Dean. Who might you be?” Castiel asks, putting an arm around Dean and squeezing his hip where no one else but Mark could see. Dean could taste the annoyed tone in which Castiel used. It was almost like he was jealous. But that wasn’t possible. Castiel was with Spencer. He shouldn’t be jealous. Didn’t mean that Dean wasn’t supposed to be jealous either.
Sam groaned against the wall, widening his eyes in mild shock as he watched Castiel practically make out with his brother. He shrugged slightly. It was bound to happen anyway. Castiel couldn’t keep his eyes off of Dean, let alone his hands. So he said nothing, and just watched the two. Watching his definition and example of what love was sit there kissing the life out of one another.
Dean could remember it like it was yesterday. He, Sam, and Cas had all returned from a particularly tough hunt, and Dean had gotten the worst injuries of the party. A broken rib, sprained ankle, broken arm, and some ripped tendons here and there. He was barely even walking. He wasn’t supposed to be walking at all, according to ‘Doctor Castiel’.
Dean grunts and looks at Sam with a wild rage. One he was only familiar with when he had the mark. “Cas is your contact?” He asks in disbelief, blinking a few times in that same emotion. “Hell yeah I wouldn’t have come! I wouldn’t have wasted so much gas to come up here just to have to turn back!” Dean growled, forcing Sam’s hand away from the shift.
“Really? As soon as I stepped in front of you and you didn’t recognize me? When you were part of the reason I had to be smited to begin with?! Hel no! You couldn’t keep your damn soldiers in line for my Esther and I to live as happily as we wanted! The only reason I could even stand you is because you gave the order for her to come down and heal me in the first place!” Spencer growled, his hands reaching out and squeezing Castiel’s shoulders tightly. Castiel gasped in pain, grimacing as Spencer tightened his grip so hard that he could almost hear the tendons in his shoulders ripping.
“That is perfect. We’ll buy our time until then. Do you two have a place to sleep? We have a guest bedroom you can use.” Castiel offered. Sam’s eyes widened at being able to be closer to Castiel and to support him, but before he could accept Dean sprung up from his seat.
Dean sighed and walked into the entryway, before turning and finding the kitchen, seeing Sam there sat at a bar stool eating… something green. Dean didn’t feel hungry anyway. Dean took a seat, feeling the regret starting to pile up again in his chest. Sam looked over at Dean and sighed, offering him a plate of… whatever he was eating.
“You are really that hung up on him? Dean, it’s been six months! You gotta move on.” Sam says in a sigh. Dean grunts again, huffing as he looks out the window and refuses to look at Sam. Sam sighed again, looking out the window for a moment before he spoke again. “Dean, you gotta stop this. It’s changing you. In the end, if this doesn’t change, you’re going to kill yourself Dean. And I’m not gonna lose you because of this. I’d rather lose you at the end of a gun barrel like you’ve always said you’d go, than to lose you to your own mind. So please, give him an hour. If you still hate me and want to go back to the bunker, then we will.” Sam insists, ending in a hard sigh.
Dean squeezed his eyes shut, dreading when he would fully open them. In the background Dean could hear shuffling, almost like people were moving around and rearranging things. Dean grumbled, figuring this was as good of a time as any to get up. He opened his eyes tiredly, and was met with Castiel who was fumbling with an armful of chairs that he was carrying outside. Dean jumped up and hurried to his side, taking the excess chairs from him. “Slow down there, Cas. What are you doing with all these chairs?” He asks in a chuckle, resisting the urge to kiss his head how he used to when he was relieved Castiel was okay.
“Sure, talk soon Dean?” Mark asks, winking at Dean. Dean smirked back, raising an eyebrow and winking back at Mark.
“Shh, Dean. As much as I love hearing every word that comes out of your mouth, no matter how stupid, I can’t let Sam know what we’re up to, now can I?” Cas asks, smirking as he holds Dean even closer to his body.
“I told you Dean, I know you. And with everything that I’ve seen and heard that you’ve been doing, it’s safe to say I was right.” Castiel insists, pushing the glass into Dean’s hand. Dean couldn’t even believe his own ears. How could Cas have known? He hadn’t left anything that could have eluded to that train of thought.
"Go ahead. He's right over there, saw the whole thing. You wanna try that statement again?" Dean teases, walking away. Dean swung his hips as seductively as he could manage just to throw salt in the wound.
Castiel nodded, pulling away from Spencer and pulling out the lore book he had been reading. “We were able to find more information on their connection. Each of the victims had family ties. Thor had a sister, who was the first victim. His son was the second. But what is weird is that the third was a stray cousin. No immediate family ties.” Castiel suggests. Sam nods in consideration, pulling out a few of the documents he’d been able to find and collect.
Dean adjusted the pair of angel wings situated on his back. Again, marketing. They weren't huge. They were part of a 'sexy angel' costume. Or something.
“Wait, what? Bare hands? You didn’t say anything about that Cas.” Sam brings up, turning his gaze towards the angel. His eyes still flickered back towards Dean occasionally, though Dean still refused to look up. Apparently the blank white countertop was much more appealing. Castiel’s eyes followed Dean’s for a moment, trying to see if maybe he’d look back up at him. Castiel’s frown deepens and he takes in a hefty sigh.
Dean gave Castiel a look of confusion. This still wasn’t clicking for him. Maybe it was the hangover, he thought. Castiel sighed and closed his book. He stood up, walking over to Dean and placing his book on the coffee table between them. He picked up a plate that had a cherry turnover on it and placed it into Dean’s hands, giving him a glare that told him he was eating it. “I know you haven’t been eating, Dean. Barely drinking. You need your nourishment as a human.” He says at first, sighing heavily. Dean lessened his furrowed eyebrows, taking a small bite of the turn over, putting it back down.
“Feisty, eh? I just couldn’t help but notice what you’re studying. I minored in ancient languages when I went to the ivies. I could help you translate that, whatever you’re trying to translate there on your phone.” The man offers, removing his hand from Dean’s shoulder and looking at him expectantly. Dean felt as if his stomach was going to burst out with butterflies. His voice was deeper than Dean had imagined. And Dean was at a loss for words.
Dean whistled a bit as he opened the front door, heaving the couple heavy books he’d borrowed from the library inside and into the living room. Dean huffed as he dropped the books onto the coffee table, earning an expected thud at how heavy they were. Huge Norse mythology textbooks. Great. Better to get into it now than later. And better to find out now if somehow Loki can make himself come back to life and Dean and Sam have to break the news about Gabriel being off somewhere and completely inaccessible to the demi-god.
“Would you two like to come in? I’ve just finished up lunch. Though I am not the best cook as of late.” Castiel chuckled. Sam smirked and snickered a bit. Dean still can’t get over how happy Cas seems. How settled down he is. So he finds himself staring.
Sam raised an eyebrow. “You? You’re gonna translate those? How?” He asks, crossing his arms. Apparently he’d been staring at Dean and Castiel the whole time, because he did not show a single reaction as if he’d seen Spencer’s bitchface.
Spencer growled, shoving Sam off of him and slamming him against the wall. Sam slumped to the floor in a heap, coughing up a slight bit of blood from his tussle with the man, or monster. One of the two.
Dean looked into Mark’s eyes and smirked seductively. “Show me what you got, hotshot.” Dean challenged. Mark’s grin grew greedy as he got consent from Dean, grabbing his hand and leading Dean to the front door.
Dean climbed into the Impala and he started her up, enjoying the sudden blast of Metallica that came out of the speakers. He truly felt at home in his car. If Dean was to be honest? He’d rather stay in the Impala than to stay in Castiel’s house. But what was the harm? Castiel had already seen him cry in his sleep, so there was no use hiding that from him. There was going to be that Barbeque tomorrow, Spencer wouldn’t want a body or a murder to dampen the party where he gets to show off his angel. So Dean figured one night couldn’t hurt. Still didn’t mean Dean wasn’t a little uneasy about the whole thing. He was still 99.9% sure Spencer was the monster. Or at least a monster, maybe not the one on the case.
Castiel then turns his head and his smile slightly falters before he pulls Dean into a slightly less of a hug. Dean widened his eyes in a bit of shock. How can Cas even face him? Dean looked like shit. His eyes were surrounded by dark lines from lack of sleep, his hair was matted, and his flannel and shirt were freaking wrinkled. Cas looked like he just walked out of a Hallmark movie while Dean looked like he just walked out of a dryer.
"Hey Dean-o!" A very drunk and very flirtatious Gabriel greeted, winking at Dean. Dean rolled his eyes. Gabriel was the brother of the boss. He never kept that information away from anyone when he got drunk. So he insisted on free booze. Nobody fought him or challenged him. That is, till Dean got hired. Surprisingly Gabriel didn't report him. Maybe he kept forgetting the incidents. Dean didn't know.
Mark took the sticky note into his hand, and grabbed one of the books Dean had set in front of him. Dean raised an eyebrow at him, his expression still firm and angry. “Last time you barely needed a minute. What’s so different about this one that you need a reference?” Dean asked, snarling lowly. Mark snapped his gaze towards Dean and glared at him.
Dean felt a sudden pain in his chest as he heard what the man had said to him. Dean heard his breath waver as he poured the next drink, trying to ignore all of the people in the room in hopes of leaving in the next few minutes.
It was of a draugr. It looked like a decaying body. Much like what Spencer looked like. It had red eyes, and had bone showing. The website said that the draugr sucked blood from it’s victims, and it’s victims tended to remind them of people who had wronged them in life. Dean guessed that maybe Spencer had learned some kind of magic to make himself look normal. And when he had struck him with the knife, it had damaged the spell. If this was what Spencer was. Though Dean wasn’t completely sure that he was wrong.
Castiel’s face immediately turned white at the revelation that Dean knew. That he had found out what he had talked with Sam about. He looked down shamefully, as if he knew he was in the wrong here. “Dean… Yes, this was unfair. But don’t you think I just wanted to be friends again? That’s allowed, isn’t it?” He asks exasperatedly.  Dean’s expression hardens and he sneers at the angel.
Sam sighed a bit. “Well, how long have you two been together?” Sam asks, leaning closer to the two. Dean forces down a hiss of disapproval. Why that question Sam?
Dean sighed. “I--I don’t know, alright? I have an idea, but I don’t know for sure. You gotta believe me Sammy.” Dean exclaimed, walking over to Sam and gripping his shoulders. “You’re under some kind of spell. That smell I told you I smelled? Yeah, it's really bad out in the hallway but you just didn’t smell it! How else would you not unless you were under a spell?” Dean’s arms fly around as he gestures to Sam to try and get him to understand and to convince him of the truth.
“So? Why couldn’t you take him back to his motel room? And NOT dirty up our couch?” Spencer asks, pinching the bridge of his nose. Dean sighed, rolling his eyes as he too crossed his arms. Castiel looked at Dean and shook his head, speaking up himself.
“Yeah, talk soon.” Dean says, his cheeks still red from the ordeal. He waved at Mark for a moment before Castiel turned him to face the angel. Dean raised a confused eyebrow, his stomach full of butterflies beginning to sink as he’s reminded again of what he lost. What he does to relationships.
Dean feels sick to his stomach and that he might just hurl. Not because it was disgusting, but because Castiel and him had never even shared a room together when they had been dating. Courting as Castiel called it. But now Cas was sharing a bed, a room, a house with this guy. Maybe he was superior to Dean, in every way possible.
Dean had tears in his eyes as his orgasm finally faded away. He felt so content as he leaned back against Castiel’s chest, panting heavily as Castiel finished up his release. Dean let his eyes close, and he relaxed even further as Castiel’s lips returned to his neck and planted a trail of kisses down his neck and shoulder.
Dean parks Baby a small distance away from the scene, stepping out in his FBI suit and running a hand through his messy light brown hair as he approaches a similarly dressed Castiel and Sam. His heart was still pounding as he walked up, but not as much as before. The thought and the knowledge that he’d get to go back to the bunker and shamelessly drink away all his feelings was something he cherished.
Castiel put a hand on Dean’s leg, trying to level with him. “Dean… you were crying. In your sleep. Do you know how concerning that is? That you have fallen so far that you’ve resorted to releasing your feelings while your body is unconscious?” He asks. Dean moves his leg so that Castiel’s hand moves away from him. Castiel again exhales as he looks back at Dean, questioning him and his well-being.
Dean finally just tugs at his shirt and shows Sam the mark on his chest. “See this, Sam?! How else was I supposed to get a mark like this if I wasn’t attacked by some monster that was in the freaking house last night? Why else would I be so paranoid this morning? Why did I throw the knife at you as you came down the freaking stairs?!” Dean rants, gripping the collar of his shirt so tightly his knuckles began to turn white.
“Maybe I want you.” the voice flirts, and when Dean looks up he can see it’s definitely Mark. Mark smirks at Dean, raising an eyebrow as he sips his drink again. “I know that look. You’re jealous, huh?” Mark asks, grabbing a hamburger bun and beginning to form his plate.
When the door opened, Dean had to fight away the scowl. Spencer had greeted him at the door, seemingly clean now. He still smelled awful. Like he had just taken a full on dunk in a pool of cologne. Dean almost turned up his nose at the stench.
Dean ventured closer to the closet and opened it slowly, just in case this guy had some sort of trap set up for him. Dean wouldn’t rule out that possibility. It’d happened way too often. Thankfully, when he’d opened the closet door, there was not a trap or a fear inducing cat. There was instead a very rune covered photo pair of Sam and Cas. The runes seemed to be written in Spencer’s blood. But Dean wasn’t sure. Either way he knew he had to show this to Sam. Or rip in half. Maybe both.
“I mean, she looks Nordic. By her hair and face? Just like the other victims. It was in their genealogy that they were mostly Norse in origin. But what confuses me is why she isn’t related to the other victims.” Dean questions, looking down at his phone and gesturing at the picture.
Sam’s eyes began to widen in both shock, and in disbelief that Dean heard any of that. Sam searched his mind, his mouth moving a bit as he tried to formulate words. Before he got the chance to retaliate, a police officer walked into the room. In his stone cold expression he unlocked the cell door.
Dean searched his mind for a name that wouldn't allude to his real one. One that wouldn't entangle his brother and father in his personal business or let them know he worked at a place like this.
Dean grumbled and threw his hands up into the air. “You know what? Fine. I’ll go save Cas from this asshole by myself. Thanks a lot, Sam.” Dean growled before he left the room in a huff. Dean slammed the door behind him, and immediately groaned from the smell re-entering his nose.
Sam watches as well, but isn’t as frozen in shock as he goes to call out to Dean. “Dean wait!” He calls, trying to run after his brother. Dean rolls his eyes and looks behind him annoyedly. That’s when he sees it. The slight flash of bright, glowing red that escapes Spencer’s eyes. Like he was damning Dean to hell. But that was definitely not normal. Dean widened his eyes at the discovery, and he almost started to charge toward the man to question him.
“Cas, I don’t understand. I was just doing some harmless flirting. You know, what you and Spencer should be doing? Keeping up the ‘act’ for everyone?” Dean reminds, gesturing towards the man in question who was giving him a strong death glare.
Dean rubbed at his eyes as he walked through the stone hallways, down a pathway he’d gone countless times by now - but the part of him that wasn’t sleepy was checking for movement out of the corners of his eyes. There were fewer students wandering the halls during the Christmas break, which made Hogwarts feel just a little bit more eerie than usual.
“Right. And then when I’m here, brewing, I feel like I’m about to be walked in on any second. Like, Professor Crowley could just burst in
“Still playing Snap?” Jo said, a little contemptuously. Castiel reddened - but before he could answer, Anna cut in.
“Well…” said Castiel. The clock was ticking on the game. He began to walk down the corridor, heading for the other classrooms. The second door, too, was locked. He unlatched it with a flick of his wand and a whisper, the spell coming easier every time.
“Don’t fall into that guy’s trap, Cassie,” he said. “I’m telling you. He’s slippery. And now I’m done talking about him, because he’s all I ever seem to hear about these days.” He ruffled his little brother’s hair. “Now. Seriously, quit saying goodbye to inanimate objects and go have fun with your friends. You’ll thank me later.”
The broom spun around suddenly, causing Dean to swing up and over the side, with just a single hand holding onto the handle.
“Don’t come any closer,” the shifter said, not near as much fear present in his voice as there had been the last two times he’d spoken.
Dean grinned and slapped it, already feeling more confident about the exam. Garth had apparently paired up with Rachel, a rather stuffy Ravenclaw in Dean’s opinion, and he could see Nick standing a little uncomfortably next to Ion.
“You’re worrying me sick, Dean. You know that?” She shook her head and tutted. “Coming into my hospital wing more often than any other first year? I can heal a lot but can’t heal your attraction to danger.”
“Wrong House?” she said. Castiel nodded, grateful for her quickness. “It’s OK. You’ll be OK.” She patted his shoulder reassuringly, and it didn’t grate on Castiel’s nerves as much as he might have expected. “I’m Jo, by the way. Jo Harvelle. And this is Anna. She’s a first-year, too.” Jo indicated a tiny red-haired girl sitting on her other side, watching their conversation with wide, shy hazel eyes.
Dean brought his hands up to his face as a second figure in blue - Ambriel - also began to dive, but probably just a little bit too late.
Dean was mid lurch when he realized that the angle he was standing on was just a little too awkward for him to successfully reach the large handhold he was aiming for. His foot slipped and his fingers barely brushed against the large metal plate, missing any hope for a good landing.
At long last, he walked up to the front and sat himself down on the hard wooden stool, waiting for the hat to be dropped on his head.
“What if I am?” she said. Her tone sounded cool, and Castiel thought that perhaps only he would know Hannah well enough to hear the edge of nervousness to it.
There was a long silence between them as they simply stared at each other, and the sound of the television still played in the background.
Before starting the book, Castiel would never have been able to guess that - of all people - some obscure and all but unknown wizard like Tolkien would be able to create a world that was so rich, and characters that were so strange. The wizard, in particular, was downright odd. When he’d first arrived, Castiel had felt a sense of relief at there being a point of familiarity - but it soon became clear that Gandalf’s magic was nothing like real magic. At first that had made for uncomfortable reading - but it had been at around four in the afternoon that Castiel had realised he liked it.
Dean deserved to be at Hogwarts. Obviously he wasn’t a Muggle-born. He was excellent at magic. Castiel had been frustrated by that fact all too often. For Ruby to turn around and say that Dean was a Muggle-born – it was such a stupid, obvious lie, and such a mean one. Dean wasn’t like that. Castiel couldn’t imagine any of his friends at all were like that, anyone he knew in his year, even. They were all clearly good enough at magic that they weren’t stupid Muggle-borns.
Old habits die hard - Dean was still going to brake for Heavenly pedestrians, especially ones that looked like Cas.
“Maybe it feels difficult to do because you’re not actually sure it’s the right thing,” Castiel countered, and moved his bishop.
The frown deepened as the clock finally struck ten, and Castiel let out a disgruntled breath of air.
Castiel’s mouth set, his fingers tightening around his wand. Not the right temperament, was he? Not calm and ordered enough to be a Ravenclaw? Well, in that case, he was going to do
