“Don’t you dare, I’m warning you.“ Dean gasped, setting one of the huge boards down for a moment. Then he groaned, one of the boards having been poking him in the side the whole time.
Dean sighed, creating space between them again.
"You’re up early.“ Dean paused his intense gardening, and turned his head over his shoulder. He grinned, ran a hand through his hair once. Then he stood up, patted the dirt off his pant legs, and sprayed his hands once with the garden hose.
"It’s kinda funny to me that we always meet when I am in a turmoil,“ Dean said then, without thinking. Cas looked at him, signified him to keep talking.
“The cottage has real charm,“ Anna said quietly, almost as if she didn’t want anyone to hear her.
“ Ugh, that was so stupid. Delete.
Dean laughed at that. "Well, yeah, I had to save that side for the right person, right?“
They talked about Bilbo’s heroes journey and discussed Tolkien’s view that his work, although obvious, should not be seen as an allegory for the conditions in World War I.
He remembered the club, the strange familiarity that had developed so quickly between him and Cas. Dean thought back fondly to that night, because he had felt so damn free and good.
It was as if Dean understood that his personal peace, just like Dean’s, was in being with him. Only with him, when he could forget everything else.
Perhaps the discussions had touched something in him personally, perhaps he had simply been taken in by Dean’s fervor.
Dean grinned. Oh, Cas was so smitten with this guy – his muse. Unbelievable.
At the coffee shop, they took a seat at a table by the window, and studied the menu extensively. Perhaps a little too extensively, but Dean felt Cas’s excitement as his own. Now he would be there for Angel. In whatever form he needed his support. From a distance, Dean heard a voice calling Cas’s name.
At midday, they laid on the sofa as ever because nobody could command them to do otherwise. Their body parts were so entangled Dean didn’t know where his and where Cas‘ body was anymore. Cas was particularly cuddly on this day, always kissing and stroking Dean, while watching his eyes and face intensely.
In the middle of a map of unknown stories, Dean Winchester looks at the stars.
No, that’s a lie. He
He swallows. The idea of Cas being
, he tells himself.
But Cas is looking at him in a way that’s soft, understanding,
“And I wouldn’t have it any other way,” Cas says. “Not if it meant I couldn’t love you. Never that.”
It is overwhelming and it is such a human need, and without hesitance Castiel submits himself to it.
“Well then,” says Dean, “I’ll be sure to catch you.”
He’s tired--exhausted both physically and emotionally. He thinks back to less than two hours ago, when he walked the night with sadness in his bones, when he thought his feelings unrequited. The evening has presented to him the lowest lows and the highest highs. But Cas’ shoulder is under his cheek, his chest under his palm, and Dean would relive losing Cas a thousand times if it only meant he got to keep him for one night.
But that’s just the problem--Dean doesn’t understand. He thinks maybe he knows where this is going but he doesn’t know why or how. He has absolutely no fucking clue and it makes his heart clamour. He can feel his pulse where it beats against his throat and can hear it in his ears.
Dean starts talking quietly when they get closer. “Fuck, baby, I got you,” and “So gorgeous,” and “Wanted this so badly.” He doesn’t know if Cas even hears him but he wraps his fist around Dean’s and they stroke each other together, quicker the more desperate they become.
“No reason,” Dean shrugs.
--but Dean poured that whiskey down the bathroom sink that night nonetheless. Sam didn’t question him.
“Not really,” Dean says. And then they fall silent once more.
“Don’t be,” says Cas, in a way a that shows he really means it. Dean clears his throat and looks at him. Cas looks back. The whole thing is so achingly familiar, so akin to how they were when they first met. Even when Cas was alien and unknowable and potentially a threat, Dean always had to stifle the breathless thrill of having Cas’ attention. He doesn’t stifle it now.
For a moment, only the sound of their breathing fills the air.
And so Dean Winchester lies with Castiel: two boys who shifted the stars and demanded the songs of angels.
Cas blinks and nods, reaching down and putting his hand over Dean’s, having Dean put more pressure on where Cas wants it most, the weight of their hands combined. “
He feels cold.
Dean’s love for Cas is something whole. It is something so embedded in him that not a day passes where he can’t feel it under his skin. It presses on his shoulders, grits his teeth together. He was the Earth and Cas was the sky, and so Dean ate the dust and dirt of love while he pined for the stars that Cas belonged to.
, and the second thing is
“You pray to him,” Sam says. “I’m gonna take a shower.” And then before it even registers in Dean’s brain that it’s happening Sam has gathered his clothes and locked himself in the bathroom, where the sounds of water hitting tile begin to steadily leak through under the door. Dean blinks, sits cross-legged on the bed, and tries to settle his breathing.
, Dean allows himself to think. Just this once.
,” he chokes.
“I missed you so bad,” Dean sobs into Cas’ shoulder. “I missed you so bad. I thought I would never see you again. I missed you so bad.”
Cas will be better off without him.
“So,” he grins cheerily, “pizza, then?”
comes to a close, none of them really paying much attention to it at this point, and turns to face Cas.
There’s only one couch and not a lot of other seating available, so the three of them crowd in on it, Dean in the middle, and it makes Dean happy to have the two people that he loves most in the world so close. Cas leans into Dean’s space more and more as the minutes pass by, and it’s everything Dean can do to not nudge Cas’ knee with his, to press their thighs together. His body begs him to.
“Heya, Cas,” he murmurs, a little in awe that he came afterall. The storm that raged through Dean when Cas was gone quiets, something in him going still in the presence of him. Breathing is easier. He fingers still itch to touch, but the feeling of drowning is replaced with the feeling of floating. Of
Dean looks to Castiel. Castiel can see just how deep his soul goes, and just how impossibly bright it continues to shine even when in pain. Dean gives a self-deprecating laugh.
“What do you mean?” he asks gruffly, always in denial. Sam sighs and rolls his eyes.
Don’t fucking cry, he tells himself, clenching his jaw while he messes with the alarm clock for no reason other than to keep his hands busy and his eyes from Cas’.
Dean lies down and Mary sweeps his hair back before planting soft lips on his forehead. “Goodnight, Dean,” she says. “Angels are watching over you.”
by now, but somehow, at the precipice of everything they’ve built together, the effort has him shaking.
Dean shuts the door behind them and places his cell on the bedside table, not meeting Cas’ eye. “Hey, Cas,” he mumbles lamely. He knows they can’t pretend that he never ran out, not with this conversation they’re about to have.
Jack Gilbert
“What?” he asks, and any other time he would cringe at how feeble and small his voice sounds. He blinks tears away, lungs rattling.
Once, on a particularly rough night for their little pseudo-family, he saw Cas eye the whiskey peaking out of his duffle with an expression of mild interest, and Dean remembered the different Castiel he met when Zachariah whammied him into 2014. That Cas had been broken and empty and trying to mend together all his shattered pieces with booze and drugs and sex. His smiles were too wide, his eyes too blank, and Dean saw the way his hands never stopped shaking.
If he’s being honest with himself, he’s tired enough that he could probably close his eyes and go to sleep right now. But he’s not
Dean grunts in distaste when they enter the room. The wallpaper is an honestly gross shade of yellow and peeling to reveal the red brick underneath, one of the lights won’t stop flickering when Sam flips the switch, the carpet is purple and dusty. This combined with the way the girl at the front desk had literally jumped in surprise when they entered, Dean thinks it’s pretty safe to say this place doesn’t get a lot of business. At least the linens are clean.
There’s an odd, crackling electricity in the room every time Cas enters it. The air is too thin and Dean is light-headed with it.
Not before, however, muttering under his breath, “Too close to the sun.” Dean chooses not to dwell on it.
When after a few seconds Cas opens his mouth and says “I should--” and Dean finishes his piece by saying “go,” it’s only because he knows how this goes. It’s happened more times than he’d care to count.
“What are you scared of?”
"And then you came, and Cas, you were a fucking supernova.
“Dear God,” he starts, his voice having not quite lost its childlike tendency of mispronouncing words. Castiel finds it endearing. “Thank you for today. Thank you for a yummy dinner with apple pie. Thank you for Mommy and Daddy and Sammy. Thank you for beds and stars and chocolate milk. Amen.”
It’s a run-down place. Rustic, to put it nicely. But they caught wind of a wendigo hiding somewhere in the thick woods to the north, and it’s not like they have another choice if they don’t want to sleep in the car.
Dean takes a deep breath. He and Cas have both given so much to have this thing they weren’t even sure was real until this evening. Cas decided to leave Heaven for a
When Dean gets back to the Peachtree Motel, his phone is telling him that it’s nearing midnight. It’s funny how that can happen--how time can be arrested in the face of panic. He hadn’t even noticed he’d walked so far. He’d be lying to say his feet didn’t hurt.
Dean looks at him and Castiel is overtaken by selfish thoughts. It is a sin of his kind to yearn for love from another, and yet Castiel wants.
“What?” he asks, out of anything eloquent to say.
They’re silent for a second.
“Thank you, angel,” he whispers into the night.
tastes sour in his mouth, churns his gut. Is this how Cas views it? Just another step of returning peace to Heaven?
There’s a hand on his shoulder, solid and warm, high enough that Dean is hyper aware of Cas’ thumb brushing the bare skin exposed by his t-shirt beside his neck. And he doesn’t know why, but it shuts him right up. He lets his eyes flutter closed and his head hang. This is how soldiers feel when they know they’ve lost the war.
“You’re--” his voice wavers, so he clears his throat and tries again. “You’re not leaving?”
“Okay, what are you talking about?”
“I’m scared, Cas,” he mumbles, because it’s the truth. He can feel it in the way his chest rattles.
. Dean has kissed and shared the breath of so many different people, but it’s never once felt like this. He’s giddy and nervous, and he knows how deep this is, what it means for the two of them, and he’s ready for it. The arch of Cas’ lips tastes like forever.
Cas makes the most painful little keening noise the moment their lips meet. Or maybe that was Dean. He doesn’t know. It doesn’t matter. He’s wanted this for far too long to let it matter.
Cas kisses Dean. It happens so fast that Dean feels it coming rather than sees it, feels Cas’ hands on his face, feels himself be tugged forward. Cas’ hands are shaking and Dean’s are too when he grips the front of Cas’ shirt and the back of his neck, eyes closed tight, learning the shape of his mouth. It’s hard and a little desperate and not at all artful, and Dean’s whole self feels a bit like an open wound but Cas is healing him, like he always has, like he has since the beginning.
Sam stretches until his back pops, cramped from a whole ten hours sitting in car, and then sighs, starts picking the room for the WiFi password. Dean flops on the bed and stares at the ceiling, where some sort mysterious brown stain has found a home. He decides he doesn’t want to know.
It’s like the realization comes fully to him all over again, except this time he’s present enough to be aware of the pain in his chest.
This isn’t meant to be poetic.
Dean’s mind was made up the second Bobby had mentioned Cas’ name on the porch. It took him too long to untangle that part of himself that couldn’t separate loving men from danger, but he did untangle it, in the end.
This is what he gets for hoping.
for this, Dean. I was never supposed to feel this way. I’m defective. Broken.”
Cas looks up, then, and his eyes are watering.
“Does it matter?”
But Cas gives them a smile, a little weary but full of relief.
Dean lets his eyes trace over his form, checking for injury like it’s second nature—probably because it is. “Heya, Cas,” he says.
at him again, if Cas decides he wants what Dean silently offers him every time he touches him--
Dean scratches the back of his neck. “Yeah. Hey, man,” he says, mostly because he has no idea where they go from here, and the sound of Cas’ voice is making him wish he’d never left.
He has Cas look at him, question in his eyes. “Is this okay?” Dean asks lowly.
The look that Cas gives him is something still. His mouth is red and gently parted, but his expression speaks of a calm sort of peace. Dean thinks that maybe he feels the same sort of completion that he feels. He looks at Dean with reverence, like he’s sacred, and Dean can’t believe that he once thought Cas to be without emotions. Behind the tranquility Dean can see the joy, the love, he too unable to believe the privilege of this.
“The Greeks would have loved you.”
They’re in bed, warm and surrounded by each other, Cas’ head pillowed on his chest.
And as it is, he doesn’t want God’s help. Cas fought so hard for his free will, and if leaving Dean is what he chooses to do with it, then God should have no say. No one but Cas should. But Dean is a greedy, selfish creature made of longing and dreams, tugging at threads to get Cas closer.
“Hello?” he says into the speaker, voice weary, a little bit ragged. There’s a beat of silence and Dean wonders if Cas picked up on it.
Dean swallows. Cas puts his mouth to the space below his Adam’s apple. Dean grabs at Cas’ shoulders, wanting to keep him there, to keep him as close as possible and never to let anything separate them again, and for Cas not to see the way his eyes grow wet at his words.
Dean laughs.
“I…” Cas trails off. He looks down at his shoes.
He has absolutely no idea how to do this. You’d think he’d be a pro at
Dean suddenly feels very, very small.
That works, too. At least Dean knows how to respond to that one. “Heya, Cas.”
Cas looks at him with an apologetic downturn in the curve of his mouth. There’s something being said with his eyes, something like
Cas’ cock is red and already leaking with arousal, and Dean has to physically collect himself at the sight of it. His heart is racing when he tentativley licks a stripe up the side. It tastes like skin and Cas, who gasps “
Cas leans down and the skin-on-skin contact of Cas’ stomach to his makes Dean gasp. Cas puts his face to the side of Dean’s neck and kisses it twice, almost chastely, but it’s enough for Dean to reach up and put his hands to Cas’ back, mapping the plains of it.
They’re exiting a bar somewhere in the middle of Wyoming, and Dean thinks it’s possible he’s never felt this good in his life.
, and Cas answers all of the historical and science questions but doesn’t know jack shit when it comes to pop culture, where Dean comes in handy. Sam is great at both because he’s a bastard.
It’s not rough, but it’s passionate. It’s the kiss of two people who have waited too long.
This is too much. He doesn’t know how to handle it. But beneath all the fear is a soaring happiness, of
Castiel appears in their motel room the next day. “Hello, Sam,” he says, and then turns to Dean. “Hello, Dean.”
means nothing in the face of Cas’ infinity, but goddamnit does it mean something to Dean.
Castiel nods, solemn, for the words that come from Dean Winchester’s mouth are more sacred than any Bible verse.
Amidst the meaningless passages that escape Dean’s mouth—mostly dealing with his favorite movies Cas needs to watch, or reminiscing on past hunts he and Sam had worked—he says these words:
“The war,” Cas clarifies. “It’s over. We won. Raphael is dead.”
thought they had. But all of my doubts returned the second I saw you again.”
It makes him think of unexplored territory, of all the times he’s woken up hot and hard and ashamed, dreamt of Cas moving inside him. His breath hitches at the thought, but he’s not ready for it. Not yet.
, and
There’s want in the way Cas rakes his eyes over Dean’s naked flesh, but it’s tender, warm. His pupils are dilated and there’s a very noticeable tent in his dress pants, and Dean marvels as he thinks,
He can’t stand having to swallow another tragedy. There are already so many that he keeps gilded around his heart. He wears loss like a second skin. If he believed in God, he knows he’d be praying
“He said he thought we should talk alone, so he went and got another room for himself,” Cas murmurs, like the spell between them would break if he talked too loudly. “Although I’m not sure if this is quite what he anticipated.”
The air is thick and covers him like a blanket when he kicks off the covers, pressing into him from all sides. The fluorescent lights from the motel sign outside shine through the window panes and make a yellow square of light upon the floor, but other than that the night is deep and inky, like he could swim in it. His hands and the place beside him in bed feel cold. Maybe it is supposed to be like this.
It’s the first time he’s said it to anyone outside his family, but the rightness of it is very sudden. The words fit in his mouth like they belong there, and like they belong only to Castiel.
Castiel starts exploring more of Dean’s past, specifically the time before the death of Mary Winchester.
Dean clears his throat and shifts a little to lean himself back on the headboard. “Hey, Cas,” he starts, voice low but gruff, trying to hide the careful way his tongue rolls over his name. “We’re in,” pausing, looking at his key for the name of the motel and the town, “Senoia, Georgia, Peachtree Motel, first room. We’re having a night in and wanna know if you feel like joining us. You know, if you’re not too busy. It’s okay if you are. Just thought we might as--”
He is impossibly beautiful. Castiel cannot help but feel an ounce of pride for this fact, as he was the one who rebuilt Dean’s body. That is Castiel’s grace that lives inside Dean’s soul, and that is Castiel’s mark that burns into his shoulder. He is perfect and if ever there were a thing to rebel for, Dean Winchester would be it.
Metaphorically, it feels like the tide is receding, being pulled in far too quickly. A tsunami is coming, and Dean is just holding his breath and bracing himself for the inevitable moment that it hits and he drowns.
“I mean, he fell, but he flew first. He was so happy for those first few moments. Was it worth the fall?”
He’s pulling his phone from his back pocket to try and search for joints near him when it suddenly rings in his hand. He startles as the square screen lights up with the name Cas, but he doesn’t feel nervous or excited or any of the other emotions he’s prone to when Cas calls. He just feels tired.
Does he tell Cas, before he goes?
He doesn’t even know what Sam says next, what Cas’ response is. He’s aware that some sort of exchange happens, that someone’s hand is on his shoulder and that someone is saying his name, but he doesn’t know who. He’s suddenly moving, though, standing, surprised that his feet can even keep him upright with how heavy his heart is, made of brick, obsidian.
Although it had not been Dean’s fault, it was unfortunate that this acquaintance had evaporated so quickly. Much like his conversation with RambleOnIm67. Castiel sighed, he had resolved not to ponder about the other anymore for today. He still wanted to answer him, yes, but he had to process his disappointment first.
“Okay, I’ll play kindergarten teacher,“ Dean mumbled.
They followed a tunnel on the right side, which led further and deeper into the cave. Again, he marked the corresponding wall for safety. Dean led them to the left. They still neglected the right passage that led upward. The tunnel through which they now ran was considerably darker than the large central passage and was, as it were, narrower. The corridor ultimately led to the huge room he had wanted to get to.
“Dean, stop yelling at me like this,“ his father ordered, and Dean hated, hated that reprimanding tone more than anything. “You’re childish again!“
He would continue to behave unfairly, to react angrily, to say things he didn’t mean. He would fail, lose, break down. He would feel lost and broken. He would doubt and sometimes hate himself.
Dean caressed Cas‘ back, enjoying the soft fabric. Automatically, his fingers wandered under the piece of clothing, exploring Cas‘ smooth skin. There was a chance he was attracted to Cas‘ new appearance. He looked so winterish and kissable – Dean’s body prickled.
"Nobody’s like you, and that’s so good. Ya hear me? So fucking good,“ Dean breathed against his lips, inhaling loudly.
Thank you for reading. Please let me know what you think. :)
"Good. Yeah, I- I know that, obviously. What- how do you feel?“
Not that he had experienced many Christmases as a boy. The ones he remembered had been lousy. No presents, more yelling, and a lot of alcohol or absence on dad’s side. Spectacular. The last Christmases with Bobby had been wonderful, though, and he thought fondly of them. Still. Dad had really screwed up even with something as simple as Christmas.
Dean nimbly navigated them into a parking space, and they walked through the streets. As if by magic, their hands found each other, and Castiel enjoyed the way Dean kept stroking the back of his hand with his thumb, as if to signal to the others that Castiel belonged to him, while at the same time shielding him from the outside world.
"Come Away With Me" by Norah Jones (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lbjZPFBD6JU)
I'm @dean-and-cas-at-the-sea on Tumblr. :)
"Because it’s fun? I also own a café if coffee is more acceptable to the fine man.“ Gabriel laughed, and Dean didn’t know how exactly this situation had gotten so bizarre over the course of a few minutes.
Screw this. Screw all of this. Why was he only good enough as the money supply? It was so wrong. What had he ever done? He had no idea how Sammy could even consider the shit their dad had manipulated him to believe as the truth.
or our situation. Never. You're a treasure, I meant it. I did teach them a lesson, though. Cas, I wanna be with you. Only you. You make me happy. And yes, maybe I’m still a disaster with men, haven’t been in a relationship with one before. But I want this. You. I don’t care about the others.“
"Not the best time, Cas. I frigging mean it. Just go.“
His mother really had a talent of bringing up the hurtful topics considering his writing and his past too often. It was hard for him, reflecting on the things that had happened and almost ruined him. She couldn’t let it go. He was 33 years old, and she judged the roads he’d taken and the barriers he had been forced to build as if he were a teenager. Fortunately, he had learned during college to block her out in such situations. Otherwise, Castiel would probably still feel lost – more lost than now, to be specific.
They walked through the night. The smell of trees, resin, moss and damp earth mixed to an incomparable aroma.
"Dean, it was never a secret, and I’m just helping Cas out. Why don’t you let it go for a change and um, enjoy the Christmastime?“ Let it go? The guy was quoting Elsa to him, and that was not okay, it was his métier. Quoting movies and stuff, not imperatively anything Frozen-related.
Dean bit his lip. It was funny that Gabriel had wanted to contact him directly. Bobby would've taken a look at the car long ago.
Since it is someone's birthday today (*coughs*), I've decided to post the new chapter earlier.
"Please! And what exactly would that be? The art of lazing around?“ Gabriel winked at him, and Castiel rolled his eyes.
Got the notebook from this father-like man I mentioned. He wanted me to write down my thoughts there, it was his way of comforting me. He figured I should still write down meaningful stuff and preserve it for the future. Full circle, huh?
“No!” Cas grabbed him by the shoulders and stared into his eyes. This time the touch wasn’t tender like usual, but His gaze was intense as ever and there was so much pain in it. What was going on?
"So much kindness in the early morning. Dean, are you completely certain you’re not possessed?“ Dean playfully rolled his eyes.
"Yeah, you could say that.“
"Give A Little Bit" by Supertramp (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J9JOut9yh5g)
"It’s okay, you’ll get your cactus.“ The mother laughed. "Thanks for the tip,“ she said, turning to Castiel. He wrestled a smile from himself. "You’re welcome.“
At first, this choice seemed unusual to Castiel for a book club, since many of the topics to be covered were very existential and profound. He had not expected to explore such questions in this book club. On the other hand, it explained why Dean in particular seemed to have taken such a liking to this club.
He massaged his temples, because this wasn’t the way their first meeting after three weeks was supposed to go. He wanted to yell at Cas, tell him he would feel better if Cas didn’t make himself scarce all the time. Instead, he bit his tongue and rubbed his nose. "I’m sorry, alright? I’m glad you’re here.” And with that they fell into more easygoing conversations. Dean felt calm and peaceful, caught himself grinning like a Cheshire cat.
"Yeah. Thanks. That is exactly what I needed to hear now. Can we like- finish this conversation later?“
But it’s also a good thing, I’m good at it. Working on cars. And on some days, I even have fun in my leisure time. Can you imagine?“
Castiel tried to talk to him more than once, but Dean always shut him off. Angrily. Sam told him that nothing had happened on the hunt whereupon Castiel drew the conclusion Dean was specifically angry with him.
Dean took a deep breath and grabbed Cas by his trench coat. Again, it surprised him that Cas was never startled by his touch or their physical contact in general.
Dean didn’t even wait for some greeting because his mind buzzed, and his ears were ringing, and he missed Cas, and all of this was plain madness. "So a stripper, Cas? Really?“
“Mornin'. Glad you came.“
"I’m sorry, I really am. You just confuse me.“ Dean’s last words had been hesitant to pass his lips, and that remark was something Castiel hadn’t anticipated for this day. "And it’s not true what you said. I would be thrilled to see you all the time, but I didn’t have the heart to reach out. After all, things were shitty between us. You say such smart and funny things, are adorable when you get so excited about stuff. When you contradict me. Who the hell wouldn’t want to spend time with you?“
Dean understood Angel better now, he understood why he was still struggling with other’s perspectives on this. He wasn’t surprised since Angel was reminded periodically and by so many people that his identity was not wanted. It hurt him like hell that Angel had to go through these experiences, especially since he had mentioned that he had actually made his coming out very public.
"I’m glad,“ Castiel said with much sincerity. Seeing Dean smile was a pleasant sight. Moreover, he felt lucky Dean considered him one of the persons helping him with his struggles. They were really forming a friendship, he thought.
Next chapter will be posted on February 10! :)
His inner world was like a tattered patchwork rug. Too many holes. Too many parts which had been put together provisionally over and over. Too many loose ends. Too many strings not really belonging together anymore.
And so Dean continued. An hour later, he finally finished the fifth person, and sighed exasperatedly.
"So, um, Cas...“ He paused. He had to be more confident, that was it. After all, that’s what normally worked. Still, this was the first time he tried to make out with his angelic best friend whom he was majorly attracted to and who unleashed passions in Dean he hadn’t known he possessed. "I thought I could return the favor, ya know. Giving you a massage?“ He’d sounded husky, but at least his voice didn’t shake like his courage did.
Castiel reflected on Dean’s words for a while. "That sounds wonderful, indeed. Now, I feel somewhat reassured, thank you. Nonetheless, I assume these thoughts will remain hypothetical.“
“You’re a great guy, Cas,“ he said sincerely. “I wish you all the best with this other man. Looking forward to talking to you again. Thank you for tonight.“ Dean laughed again and held out his hand.
(See the end of the chapter for
When winter came, and it got colder and colder, the snow didn’t take long to fall.
"I ain’t a dancer!“ he grumbled and looked at Cas grumpily. Cas pulled a perfect pout. Where the hell did he learn how to do that? Probably a special lesson with Sammy, the expert in puppy faces.
How could it be that Angel had crashed into his life like an ethereal force? How could he find so much happiness? Out of nothing, when often enough, he had only known nothing before.
Also posted on my Tumblr (@dean-and-cas-at-the-sea).
"What do you think is my most attractive feature?“
I’ll also include them in the end notes.
"Hi kiddo,“ a familiar voice immediately sounded from the other end of the line.
Like Castiel himself.
"Now I want to read two passages out of my upcoming work. One passage is relatively in the beginning, the other comes from a later chapter. I started writing this book a few months ago, but I rewrote most parts of it. I like this version better, since it’s more raw and honest, and I hope you will enjoy it. I will dedicate this work to my muse who inspires me every day and lets my mind and heart fly. The book will be published in summer.“
And so they went into the kitchen, cooking marinated chicken drumsticks together. Cas wore his cute apron which was too colorful, too childish and yet perfect. In the process, they distracted each other so much that their first attempt burned completely. Eventually, they did manage to get everything ready and keep the food warm in the oven. The bell rang on time and Dean called out "I’ll get it“, not without giving Cas a soft kiss first.
(See the end of the chapter for
If Dean hadn’t known already, this would have been the moment to identify Cas as the one who surprised him. Dean breathed hectically, turned his head back and forth contemplatively and then he only stared. He stared at the sentence and read it over and over, since it was the sweetest thing he’d laid his eyes on for a long time.
There was no way he was such a lucky person. Twice. Oh, he couldn’t even differentiate those experiences anymore. He was smart, and logic told him that he was right. His mind screamed at him that he had the solution right in front of him.
“And here I thought you guys were helping me out of the goodness of your hearts. The sting runs deep.“
"Was it Lord of the Rings?“
“Interesting remark,“ Dean mused, playing around with his spoon. Cas raised an eyebrow, apparently waiting for him to elaborate on his words.
"Let’s just talk about it another time. I have many things on my mind.“
He had walked many steps, hiked and driven through half the city, stopping many a time in places because they so captivated him. Just as life sometimes offered the moments that stood out, detached and unforgettable.
In the past, he would never have believed that he could lose himself like this around another person. That he desired Dean like nothing else. More or less like the air he breathed. But it felt right, so damn good.
Dean was so turned on by that he dragged Cas with him, drove to a secluded spot in one hellish speed. And then he just guided Cas into the backseat, fiddling with his clothes. Dean kissed him tenderly and slowly and explored all parts of Cas‘ body. Mostly T-rated though. And Cas, he panted beneath him, so lost in the sensation. And he pressed their bodies together, whispering Dean’s name over and over.
"Man, what a service. Your better half is so lucky.“ Hanna had already joined Sam, and was grinning broadly.
"I love the pendant if that’s what you’re afraid of,“ he said gruffly, freeing himself from the embrace for a moment. He rolled onto Cas, right between Cas‘ legs, pinning him beneath him. "It’s beautiful. You... you just baffle me with those surprises. I’m sorry I didn’t get the right meaning immediately. I will figure it out,“ he added and raffled through Cas‘ hair, pulling him in for a long kiss. Then he smiled softly at Cas.
They said goodbye outside the bar. The sun would rise soon.
Finally, Castiel did the only thing that really helped him in such moments - he continued writing his novel. As he wrote, he automatically thought of RambleOnIm67. So far, the other had been completely his inspiration, his muse, driving him to new writing heights and best performances.
Even if nothing ever happend between them, these interactions still made him feel more alive. Wordlessly he signaled Cas to sit, while he pulled his shirt over his head. He searched for a fresh one and put it on quickly. "Dean, you should sleep,“ Cas said with a raspy voice.
"Cas you’re spoiling me,“ Dean said. His eyes were glued to Cas‘, and they shortly flickered to his lips. Cas watched him, irritation written on his face. Dean shrugged and smiled. "I like it. C’mere,“ he said and pulled Cas into a hug. "How do I deserve you,“ he said, as he buried his nose in the crook of Cas‘ neck.
Finally, Dean took an extended and much needed shower, rubbed his body dry for long because he just loved their soft towels. Still in a good mood, he put on some older clothes, which could get dirty while working.
Dean gritted his teeth, rumbling deep in his throat, backing away from Castiel. "Fine. You’re right. I’m an asshole. Guess it’s good we had that talk. I’m sure we’re both feeling peachy now. Fucking awesome. I hate this. I fucking hate it.“
As expected the chocolate brown looked lovely on Cas, and Dean couldn’t surpress his excitement. "God, you look fantastic,“ he burst out, and embraced him the next second, pulling him closer by his hips.
"No children. No, with my brother. And with my best friend,“ Dean explained quietly, not knowing where he was suddenly getting the honesty from.
In the process, he lost all sense of space and time. It was only the sky, bathed in a beautiful pink-red, that alerted him to the fact that he had been writing into the wee hours of the morning.
And the night sky is star-bright, so star-bright with you
"You are,“ Cas agreed, only quickly glancing over his shoulder. Dean chewed his lips, too lost in thought to fire back a sarcastic reply.
Although part of me can’t wait to see you, to take all of you in, I too enjoy what we have and create here. It’s wonderful the way it is. For now. :-)
Being more appealed to the image of Cas smiling than to the actual stripper was a bit unusual, but then again, no, Cas actually always was more interesting. Another insight which scared him.
"I think the person you are doing this for will appreciate this traditionalism. I find it heart-warming. It might be none of my business but I hope your outfit will give you the confidence you need to solve your tasks.“ The man winked, and Dean had no idea whether he knew that he was doing a scavenger hunt.
Right now, he was happy to hear Cas’s honest voice when he told him about a bee expedition he participated in. In the beginning, Dean couldn’t quite imagine what such an event would be like, but it seemed to resemble trips that Boy Scouts experienced. Later, Cas talked in more detail about his childhood and studies in Boston and about a vacation with his parents and Hannah, speaking with such euphoria that Dean’s heart warmed. It was now or never. There was no such thing as the perfect moment.
For example, Castiel told him about his recent mood changes when writing was involved. Dean simply looked at him, told him that writing wasn’t about the perfection, sometimes it was about the journey. About the things one could learn. While bringing the characters to life, deciding about their fates, getting into their minds, one would automatically deal with personal issues and get new insights.
That’s right, she preferred to stay overnight at said men’s house. With him, of all people, who really wasn’t known for falling around strangers‘ necks.
"Leave me alone, Sammy!“ Dean yelled, sounding hoarse. Very hoarse. Had he been crying? No, that was not possible.
"Humor me.“
. Holy shit.
Dean, still sitting at the table, felt like an intruder, but he was also so happy. After that, Sam came to him, smiling.
He let out an appreciative whistle. "Damn!“ In front of him was a dark red 1956 Bentley S1 Saloon. A fucking beautiful car.
"Dean, you’re making me nervous.“ Sam sat at the map table, poring over an old map of Minnesota. Various demon signs had appeared there, but no one could figure out where the exact locations were. "What’s up?“
At this point, at the latest, he would have scared away any guy who was merely acting politely, driving him away with his attitude. This was not the case with Cas because he suddenly got up from his chair, sat down next to him on the bench.
"Good to know. Since you’ll get more of those when we cuddle in bed in the future.“
On horrible days like this one (which didn’t happen too often, fortunately) he would always tell others he needed some time alone to think stuff through, only to realize just 20 minutes later he couldn’t stand himself.
At some point, Dean revealed to him that they would first make a stop in Portland. Dean liked the city a lot. Although Maine's most populous city wasn’t a long drive, he came here far too infrequently amid his daily stresses. Yet the harbor, cobbled streets and distinctive brick buildings always had a calming effect on him. Dean announced his intention with few words because he really wanted to surprise Cas.
Dean turned to the side, straightened up a bit and examined Castiel closely. "You want me to tell you something about humans, buddy? Something I painfully relearn every day?“ His gaze flitted over Castiel’s face, practically scanning it with his eyes. Castiel registered that they were lingering on his lips as well, but didn’t know if Dean was aware of it. "Please, tell me,“ Castiel muttered.
"Cas, I’m sure you’re one hell of a kisser,“ Dean mumbled, inhaling sharply afterwards. "Lemme be real honest for a sec. For me, it would be a major turn-on if the other was still, um, a little inexperienced. Cause that’s the good thing. Everything would be so special, thrilling, and we could explore all the stuff together. And there’s so frigging much to discover, ya know.“
Maybe the meeting with Sam had triggered something lasting in him. Maybe some switch had been flipped in him. Maybe he was feeling too much right now and was just being an emotional mess. Maybe it happened out of the moment. Maybe he was admitting something to himself here that he hadn’t known himself yet.
I’m sorry for my part in this peril
Cas still sat on the bed, offering the exact image Dean still had stored in his mind.
Dean wound down the window and enjoyed the cold winter breeze for a moment. The sun was shining and created beautiful shadows and patterns. Sometimes the trees appeared bigger, more majestic, because their crowns wore the sun rays like diamonds. Even little holes on the street, which made it harder to go uphill or around the curves, weren’t as annoying as they normally would be.
“Very amusing,” Cas grumbled.
"Was I supposed to? I figured it must’ve been one damn convincing book if that’s what you’re taking as an example.“
Religion was another important topic which seemed to fuel the discussion. Since C. S. Lewis had been convinced angels had been real beings, making their way in a real universe and leaving their imprint in human lives, they quickly talked about his work regarding religious themes – a popular way of analysis.
There will be much comfort and tenderness later on, they just have to talk about some stuff before that. Here is the first chapter. :)
"I think those guys from earlier are very pissed right now,“ Dean said without going into further detail. Cas just nodded, and they disappeared out the back exit.
"Tell me,“ Castiel said more pressingly than intended.
Now Dean looked at him with an expression he couldn’t quite interpret. There was warmth, wildness, and wonder in his eyes, and such incredible intensity.
Seeing him up there somehow filled him with pride. Without further ado, Cas opened the book to the very beginning. Pausing for a moment longer, he announced "Sun-Kissed“ and read.
Dean really had an interesting take on things. From what Castiel knew about the film so far, he certainly would not have drawn such conclusions, but he liked how Dean interpreted these aspects.
"Of course. As to your second question: who knows.“
A song started in the background, something bluesy, and Dean saw Cas already tapping his foot to the rhythm of the music.
And only when Castiel looked a second time did he see that individual scraps of their conversations were depicted there. On the next pictures he saw scraps of paper, he saw more musical notes, he saw treasure chests, he saw drawn footprints. More steps, paths, streets. A car.
Referenced/quoted songs:
"M’kay,“ Dean said and furrowed his forehead.
His face was so full of emotion, so pure, that Dean had to swallow. Now, Cas tilted his head in confusion and looked at him questioningly. What the hell was he supposed to answer to this unspoken question? Nothing was good, all was fucked up, and Dean was a mess.
red sweet maries: love
“You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.“ – Marcus Aurelius, Meditations.
"Dammit,“ he cursed. With his index finger he stroked Cas‘ cheek, tracing the contours of his face.
After "Sweet Home Alabama“ by Lynyrd Skynyrd had animated them to a more or less harmonious duet, the song that followed completely threw him for a loop. It was "Ramble On“ by Led Zeppelin.
"Hold me,“ Dean muttered hoarsely. The next moment, Castiel put his arm around Dean’s shoulders. Dean continued to snuggle against Castiel and his scent was simply overwhelming. His other hand kept stroking up and down Dean’s arm. Castiel’s lips gently caressed his forehead. His skin tingled, although Dean was not actively touching him at the moment, rather seemed to lose himself in Castiel’s touch.
"Dude, I didn’t mean that in a literal sense. Dammit.“ Dean ruffled his hair and pinched the bridge of his nose. He uttered a few more curses, hoping that would calm his trembling limbs. To no avail, of course.
Only a husky "Cas“ snapped him out of his thoughts. Castiel looked up and immediately felt himself confronted with Dean’s penetrating gaze. Dean, who was eyeing him as if his eyes were looking directly into his soul, wanting to turn all the bad into something good. How could a single glance convey such a thing to him?
How was this guy a real person? Either he was the most obvious troll in existence or he really was a dork. He looked up from his phone for a moment, only to see the knowing look on Charlie’s face. Why was she so smug about this? It wasn’t as if he’d done anything, on the contrary, he was just trying to get a hold of this frigging profile.
De facto, they invited Dean to sit with them, and really, Dean had never been greeted so warmly by strangers, even though it was said he showed openness.
"Your favorite tracks of Led Zeppelin. Of course. I remember. I listened to it many, many times. We discussed the songs in depth.“
"I thought you claimed to be the expert in that, considering your bribery.“
"So, as of today, you’re 10 years old. Wow. You’re practically an adult now.“ He gave Tim’s father a sideways glance, who smirked. "What do you wanna become when you’re older?“ Dean asked, realizing he was genuinely interested.
Castiel’s heart leaped, despite the anxiety and hurt he felt regarding the topic.
Everything was just too much at this moment. He still couldn’t believe what was happening here. There was still a small, tiny possibility that he was dreaming. Dean huffed. Yeah. That was so damn likely.
"We are really excited about your progress. The novel now fits even better into our entertainment program, you must know. Our esteemed publishing director has received an offer for a great open-air that will take place next year in late summer.
Dean, meanwhile, turned right onto a dirt road. They followed the road for a while, and Castiel was so taken off guard by Dean’s sudden drive that he completely lost the ability to speak.
"Nothing, you look cool like always.“ He had meant to say cute, but Charlie hated that, at least when it was coming from him. She was a few years younger than Dean, 25, and she became furious when he got overprotective  – he couldn’t help it since she was like a sister to him. The little sister he had never wanted but exactly the one he needed.
The latter hadn’t happened for a few months anyway, and that was probably one of the reasons he was so on edge. Maybe there would be a chance to change that over the next days, going to a bar and having a few drinks wouldn’t hurt.
"Your workplace? Yeah, I’m aware. No way I’m gonna let you sleep there. We’re driving to my motel.“
They didn’t talk, but Dean stroked his arm with his hands. Very gently, carefully. His fingers felt rough, a result of the hunts, his movements were all the more thoughtful and tender for it. First he used his hands, then only individual fingers, each touching a different part of his arm, then just the tips of his fingers.  "You are not alone, Cas. I-I will always be there for you. I promise.“ And Castiel believed him, at that moment believed him.
Now he wanted to be brave. Gently, he took Dean’s face in his hands and rested his forehead against his. He felt his steady breath, felt it wash over his face like a sweet wave.
"When-why?“
Back in the bunker they presented the tree to Sammy who was really happy with their choice. "Maybe we should name it, make it more domestic. What do you guys say?“ He looked at them, and Dean nodded. "Cas, you chose it, you name it.“
“You make me kinda dizzy, too,“ Dean admitted. “It’s so hot in here, I feel like I’m in heat.“ Startled, he slapped his hand over his mouth. “Shit, I wasn’t gonna say that out loud.“
He had to talk to Dean, he could not lose their friendship.
Sam briefly put his arm around his shoulder, and for a moment everything felt like it used to. "I don’t think dad ever forgave us for turning the garage into headquarters. The look on his face back then.“
The dial was on a beautiful, classy looking walnut wood, protected by a precious mineral glass. The watch chain was removable. Let’s go the whole hog, Dean thought. Dean fastened it to the hem of his pants and grinned.
"I still don’t believe this will actually happen. He is not aware of my feelings at all,“ he admitted, feeling sad all of a sudden. "And he probably never saw me this way. He has many admirers, mostly women.“
This topic had apparently been the wish of one of the participants, as Castiel soon learned. It was not supposed to be about pure content, but initially also about social and moral aspects which Castiel already found exciting.
” Cas growls. He gets from his seat and begins to stalk over to where Dean is lying, but Dean beats him to it by rising to his feet as well.
“Why?” he challenges.
He chances a look at Cas and is surprised to find him squinting at Dean, head cocked to the side, question written in his features.
When Dean reaches down and takes the two of them in his hand, Cas kisses his mouth wetly. When he moves to rub at the head of Cas’ weeping erection, he buries his face in the side of Dean’s neck. When Dean whispers Cas’ name, Cas looks at Dean and says, “You’re so beautiful,” and Dean feels the blush spread further.
It’s a clear night, warm but without the feeling of being cooked from the inside out that the day brings. One pro of small towns like these is the lack of air pollution. The stars are as beautiful as Dean has ever seen them, sprinkled and scattered like someone knew what they were doing when they put them there. He didn’t get his keys when he stumbled out of the motel room, so he starts to walk. No direction in mind. Just wanting to move.
The answer is yes, and the universe smiles.
strikes at Dean’s heart, something so huge and all-consuming he can’t even tell what it is. It gags him and takes all the warmth from his body, fills his lungs. Nothing about this is comprehensible, but he knows that he has to be
They’re sitting in the Impala, Dean’s hand on Cas’ thigh, when Cas asks, “What do you want to do now?”
“Yeah,” Dean says, suddenly sheepish in his words. He shifts in the leather seat of the Impala and makes a left-hand turn.
“Rest, Dean,” Cas says. “I’ll be here when you wake up.”
They get Dean out of his pants and boxershorts while they kiss. Cas runs a warm hand from the back of his knee to the small of his back, and Dean is at a loss for words about how
He could ignore it, and for a second he considers doing just that. But he’s too easy when it comes to Cas.
But it was that look that he fell for years ago. And it was that look that had him awake well into the night with hope burning his blood. Something about it is terribly dangerous and, even after all of this, Dean is afraid of what it means.
But what if--
, for the mere possibility that they could become this. And now Dean has him and he has Dean--mind, body, and soul. Dean vows to make it worth it for Cas every day of their lives, as long as they both live and maybe after that, too.
, Dean has to remind himself.
“I love you,” he says.
"And believe me, I know how insanely stupid and corny that sounds." It didn’t. "But that’s the only way I can put it. I’d stopped believing in angels all together. Called it a childhood phase and was done. Then you show up in a barn in Pontiac and tell me I deserve to be saved, and all I can fucking think about is what my mom used to say to me. That angels were watching over me.
“But you gotta do what you gotta do. And if you gotta do this, then, hey, I’m not gonna stand in your way. Life goes on, and all that shit.”
Buzzed, but not drunk--intoxicated enough that he probably shouldn’t be driving, but sober enough that he knows Cas won’t really be upset if he does. There’s a warm glow in his belly and a heat in his cheeks, and he feels positively golden, a king of neon signs and billiards and dredges of alcohol. This is his kingdom; these are his people.
How long has he been out, anyway?
“I don’t know how to do this, man,” he chokes out. “I don’t-- I don’t know if I can. I need you too much.”
But there’s one more memory. The one where Cas has just pulled Dean out of that same 2014. They’re both standing on a road at night, Dean with his heart in his throat, relieved as he looked at his Cas, the one who didn’t have to ache for his wings. “That’s pretty good timing, Cas,” he had said, and Cas replied, “We had an appointment,” and Dean fell so hard in that second it’s a miracle he didn’t hit the pavement.
A few minutes pass before Dean asks, “Do you think it was worth it?”
Sam is gone, the human and the angel are left alone in the motel room, and Castiel looks at Dean and falls in love all over again.
However, Castiel is not only feeling the stars, but is also seeing them. On days when the pull is too much, he will find himself alone in the hot shower with water leaving streaks down his skin, or on the bed of a motel room like the ones Dean and Sam stay in. He will touch himself until the only word he remembers of the millions of languages and billions of phrases he knows is the name “Dean”, touch himself until the stars burn too hot and he lets them consume him with a shout.
He goes to bed numb and lays under the covers trying to tell himself that it’s
Dean chuckles at that and thinks of his brother’s knowing glances, the of looks of recognition, of empathy. “Maybe not,” Dean says, “but I think Sammy might be more perceptive than either of us.”
“We’re locking up Heaven. No more angels will be able to get in or get out. No one will be able to meddle with human affairs ever again.”
This isn’t meant to be poetic.
“Dean?” Cas asks weakly. “Tell me you want this?”
“Cas--”
A deep mass of
, but faith is the thing just outside his reach, pulled farther and farther away with each goodbye he suffers through.
Dean has half a mind to hesitate, to stop and take a deep breath and collect his thoughts or
“Well, Cas,” he says, “what’ve you got for us?”
This isn’t meant to be poetic.
“Hey,” he says to Sam, sitting up. “Let’s say we have a night in. We could get pizza and uh,” he picks up the list of channels on the bedside table. “Well, there’s gotta be something on.”
“Everything,” Dean breathes. “You deserve better. And one day you’ll realize it.”
Dean pulls away for air but doesn’t pull far, keeping his forehead pressed to Cas’ and his eyes shut. Cas’ thumb strokes his cheekbone. “Dean,” Cas says, and Dean takes a deep, shuddering breath. The way Cas says his name doesn’t scare him anymore.
He doesn’t look especially happy to admit that, and a part of Dean feels bad about it. He knows Cas didn’t want it that way unless he was given no choice. But in war, choice is a rare privilege.
“You’re my wings,” Cas whispers. It’s quiet enough that Dean wouldn’t have even been able to hear it if he were standing just a few feet back.
Dean has both arms under Cas’ trenchcoat and wrapped around him, trying to get them as close as possible. Cas has one hand cupping Dean’s face and the other in his hair, gentle, but holding him there like he never wants him to leave.
So he is surprised when it is Dean who speaks first, who breaks the tension. “Do you remember,” he says, “what I told you? About stars and angels?”
“Dean,” Cas says again, quieter, “please come back. I have to talk to you.” A note of pleading softly laces its way between the words. And any fight that Dean may have had drains out of him; Cas always makes Dean too soft.
” Cas seethes, and there’s so much anger there, but mostly a deeply felt hurt, and Dean feels that like a blunt hammer to the chest. “
. That’s really Cas’ solid warmth molded against him, really Cas’ mouth touching his own. He’s amazed by it, in awe.
This isn’t meant to be poetic.
” he says. “Tell me what it means.
Cas is sitting at the foot of Dean’s bed, phone clutched in his hand, looking at the space on the floor between where his feet are firmly planted. He sits up straight when Dean enters and whips around to see him, something like solace coloring his face.
“You remind me of someone,” Dean says one day. “I feel like I might have read a story about you, once. Or someone like you.”
It’s the look that Cas gave him while his hand lingered on his coat that clings to him mind. It was gentle, almost searching. Dean looked into Cas’ eyes and saw something of his own emotions reflected back in them, and it made him strong, if only for a second.
Cas looks good. Dean knows that the civil war in Heaven has been running him ragged these days, but for now the shadows under his eyes haven’t grown darker and he doesn’t look like he’s about to collapse out of exhaustion. Dean rakes his eyes over his body anyway to make sure there’s nothing bleeding or in need of medical attention. If his eyes linger, it’s just because he’s being thorough.
Dean doesn’t have to drive far before he finds Cas. He’d had a hunch Cas might be waiting for him no matter the direction he went, but still he can’t help the sigh of relief he lets out when he sees the slump of Cas’ shoulders among the trees.
Stars also exist in all of the spaces between Dean and Castiel, no matter how long or short. They are charged with electricity and thrumming with tension, and they have a gravitational pull of their own, drawing the two beings closer to each other.
say that.”
Cas may not have to actually breathe, but Dean’s a human with lungs that require air and sometimes it’s so easy to forget that around Cas, so he breaks the kiss with a small gasp, panting softly. It would kill them both to go too far, so they press their foreheads together, the air between them warm.
Cas touches Dean like he’s worth something. The incredibly tender way his thumbs stroke along his cheekbones counters the determination in the set of his brow but matches the blue of his eyes. They’re wide in the same way they were that night on the side of the road after 2014. Dean could almost believe they were there--it’s the same unstable, precarious ecstasy that fills him, like he’d been made to jump off a cliff and someone had pulled him away the second he was about to do it.
“Um, son of Daedalus. They were both trapped in the Labyrinth, and Daedalus built them wings made of feathers and wax, right? But when they escaped, he was so happy to be flying that he flew into the sun, and his wings melted, and then he fell into the ocean.” Sam runs a hand through his hair. “Once again, why?”
Do I dare? Do I dare? If he does, it’ll be the bravest thing he’ll ever do. It’ll be more than fighting monsters, than looking down the barrel of a gun, than standing toe-to-toe with the devil himself. It’ll go against the grain of everything Heaven and Hell ever intended for them, just as they’ve been going against that grain since Cas rebelled for him. But is that not the point? Free will?
Maybe it was fate. Dean was cursed. Yes, in his estimation, by now there was more and more evidence that he was going to die an old maid. Was there a male term for that? Would be an interesting idea for a new research project. Eventually, he would become wrinkled and fragile, eventually not being able to get a boner anymore, not that anyone would care at that point.
Castiel looked at Dean again who flared his nostrils before furrowing his forehead. "That supposed to be funny?“ Castiel tilted his head in confusion. He didn’t remember making a joke, therefore, he – again – could not grasp Dean’s implication. He had gotten rather good at understanding Dean’s sarcasm, was even using it himself, but some trains of thought from Dean’s side remained a mystery to him.
Dean stifled a laugh and sighed loudly. "So, you don’t need to wash me. I... You can delay the surprise, I don’t hold a grudge against ya. Just give me a voucher or anything. Or you can ignore the surprises for today, I totally get it. I have to take a shower anyway,“ Dean stuttered.
"Take a closer look, buddy,“ Dean murmured, winking. What was going on? Castiel no longer understood anything at all, but knew full well that Dean was here. At the airport. He was here, although he had long since wanted to be on the road. It was still early in the morning, but after 7 o’clock. Was Castiel just making this encounter up and what did it all mean?
Dean grinned even more, now so openly and warmly that Castiel couldn’t help but return the laughter. Castiel was glad Dean had someone to make him smile like that. The other man, his love interest, seemed to be doing him good, something that was a welcome turn of events given all the worries Dean seemed to be carrying around.
"Times used to be different. Still. What I’m saying is that you always have a place here. We want you to feel safe.“
Dean shrugged his shoulders, licking his lips in thought. "Could be anything. My best guess would a clogged fuel injector, but I’d have to look into that. Anything else?“ he asked while sinking to the floor. He lay on the back, taking a quick look under the car. "When’s the last time somebody looked into the aircon?“
Where was I? Right, the immortalization. Maybe it’s a cheesy thing to do. But I figured the library which is, in fact, one of my favorite places as well should have and preserve a part of me although or because I can’t go there as often as I used to anymore. I also had this stupid idea that maybe somebody would find the notes. Wasn’t prepared for an actual person, though. I needed a win. And you? You really are a fucking gift, man.
"Then why can’t I come?“
"Thank you for telling me,“ Cas said, and took his hand. "I understand this feeling you described. I ran away from home, too. A few times, actually. And one time I tried to run away from boarding school. After closing hours. They caught me, and I got detention for a few weeks. But it was worth it. I visited some smaller concerts in the city. Some passionate artists sang there, and they were so talented with their instruments as well.“
"Cas, you’re killing me,“ Dean groaned and clasped his forehead. "You know what?“ he added. "It’s the perfect decoration. If you’re looking for a way to make your loved ones vomit, you have the ideal tool. Oh, and why don’t we go add some black ones as well? So damn depressing, I dig that.“ He laughed, and Cas‘ face was a mixture between amused, hurt and annoyed.
Starting in Bath, it was a little more than two hours to get there, but it wouldn’t be far from their next station. On the other hand, he didn’t want to press Cas on this, didn’t want to make him feel like he was forcing him to do anything, and so he postponed this conversation. What he couldn’t postpone anymore was his thought about the night stop.
Oh, he would regret that action. But who cared about his mind now? Without many words, they walked into the courtyard. Skillfully pushing her against the wall, Dean grinned and leaned forward, eager to show her his skills. She smiled perkily again, and he licked his lips. Just at that moment, his cell phone rang.
Sam talked about his weekend, and when he asked them what they had done, Dean put on his best poker face and said, "Oh, we’ve been very productive, learned so much new stuff.“ Cas coughed at that, and Dean simply burst out laughing, falling into a bout of laughter soon after. He couldn’t stop laughing anymore, tears running out of his eyes, until Sam asked him if he was under a spell.
