"Look at me."
to stay in bed. No five-year-old should be seeing their dad like that."
After Dean's calmed down some, Cas kisses his forehead and pulls away far enough to look down at him, "Are you alright?"
“Floor,” Dean replies, huffing a laugh at Castiel’s exaggerated groan. “I’ll get it.” Dean reaches down and pulls them up over both of them. Castiel smiles as he snuggles in at Dean’s side. His ass hasn’t been this sore in forever, but it’s a nice kind of burn. “You,” Dean kisses his forehead, “Are amazing. You know that?”
"Damn straight it is. I came here to set my boy straight, and I'm not leaving without doing that." Dad suddenly turns his attention to Dean, scouring him with a gaze. Dean feels like a lizard, wanting to curl into himself and shrink away from that cold glare. "You know better than to act like this, boy."
"So good, baby boy. You did amazing for me. Fantastic."
Castiel thinks, and immediately backtracks out of that line of thought. That is way too serious a thought for such a relaxing moment. Dean’s solid arms around him ground his focus and he leans in, smelling his shampoo on Dean’s hair and relishing the moment.
turn. I'll get what I want later. I promise you that." There's a dark promise in those words. The implications are delicious. A shiver skates up his sweat-slick skin as Cas's finger glances over his prostate again.
He laughs,
"Not true," Dean mumbles before he sighs and throws his legs across Castiel's hip, then he slides his entire body over on top of him. Castiel looks up at him and begins to chuckle. Dean's in a child's pose on top of Castiel's body. His calves are framing Castiel's hips, and his head is settled onto right next to Castiel's chin, facing him. Castiel just laughs softly and wraps his arms around Dean, holding him close.
Uh, okay then. Angelic enema. He was already clean, but Cas does seem like he would be a stickler for that. Awesome, now Dean can finally get something in his ass. He's going nuts. "Are you ready for this, baby boy?" Cas looks up at him, all sex hair and dark stubble and dilated pupils and stern expression. His angel is hot. "I've been ready, come on, sir. Please. Please touch me." Cas smirks.
Cas rolled down the window and glared right at Zachariah as they passed him. Then he flung his middle finger out and yelled, "Bite me!" Dean was practically rolling in laughter but he maintained enough dignity to shout at Zachariah too. "Fuck you, Adler! Find a new little soldier!" And Dean drove off, trying not to convulse in laughter at Zachariah's enraged toady expression. He had gone red as a tomato and stiff enough that a good breeze would have blown his ass to Timbuktu. Dean laughed until he was in tears, which was awesome. When he was finally able to catch his breath he wheezed, "Whew! It's been a long time since I've laughed that hard."He chuckled. "Oh, it's been more than a long time. Years." Cas smiled at him. "I'm glad you find amusement in it, Dean."
"No, I do. I just... Don't want to do this part, I guess. It's been a really long time since I've been in one of these." He gestures at the room.
"Not really at all. I'm not sure. I don't really have a lot that I do."
"May I ask who it was?"
"I want you to cum, baby boy. Cum on my fingers like a good boy. Be my good boy. That's what you want, isn't it?" Dean groans loudly and starts rocking his hips into the thrusting fingers and they immediately still. "No. I said you could cum. I didn't say you could move. You will be punished, Dean. I warned you."
"Sir?"
Castiel takes his time ridding Dean of his panties, sliding them ever so slowly down over Dean's cock, then down his thighs, and finally, he throws them towards the bottom of the bed. His eyes take in Dean's beautiful form, and Cas wonders what he did to get blessed with someone such as Dean. He must've done something. He pops the cap on the lube bottle and pours it directly onto Dean's perineum, where it leaks down slowly over his hole. Judging by how Dean twitches, he's sensitive enough to feel that.
"You're kidding," Dean says softly, bringing his hand a little closer to his face, watching the fuzzy little thing seem to inspect him.
Dean laughs. "I like when you get all squinty. It's cute. Besides, angry angel Cas is hot."
"Yeah, of course, Sir. I'll let you know if that happens, but I sincerely doubt it will." Dean grins.
The phone rings and Dean quickly slides his thumb across the screen to answer it. Cas's deep voice now fills the relative silence of his bedroom.
Looking up, he caught sight of the woman who was standing against the stove clutching her heart, pale and terrified. He was in front of her in an instant, dripping malice and anger. He was ready to fucking snap and somebody better be giving him some answers. He crowded into her space and she pressed back further against the stove with a whine escaping her lips. He growled, "You're going to tell me what I want to hear, and you're going to tell me now, or you end up like dear old hubby over there."
To the right are a counter-looking thing with a million tiny drawers in it, a small sink towards the right end of it, and a mini-fridge on the other side... Okay then. Directly in front of them on the wall, there are floggers, paddles, and other implements of pleasure.
Castiel grins at his enthusiasm and drops to his knees, not hesitating in grabbing the lube and slicking the fingers on his right hand up. He reaches up with a smirk and begins to circle them around Dean's rim. Dean moans and tenses. "Ah, ah. Let me inside, baby boy. Relax for me."
"You... crushed it?"
Dean feels blood rush to his cheeks and then he's blushing, still holding the seatbelt like a moron. He lets it go and then cocks an eyebrow at Cas. "Oh yeah? You like what you see?"
No update schedule for this one, I'll just be posting as I write, so if you want to read it as I post I would say you should prob bookmark or subscribe so you know when I post a new chapter.  Unbetaed so mistakes are between me and Grammarly. :D
"Are you waxing poetic on me about a Hallmark movie? Why, Dean Winchester, you are a sap."
“Shit. Hold on, hold on, just give me a- a second.” Cas yanks all the blankets away and hauls Dean up on top of him. His strength never ceases to amaze Dean, but just now, it’s almost enough to send him over the edge. He straddles Cas’s hips and their cocks align now. Dean presses himself down against Cas’s length. It’s rock hard and
Castiel throws himself onto the bed and buries his face in the pillow. He wishes it still smelled like Dean. With everything going on in the last week, they hadn't spent any time down here. Castiel realizes mutedly that the sex wasn't that important to him anymore. Sure, Dean's attractive as hell, and Castiel wants to bend him over any available surface at least 98% of the time, but if Dean declared that they couldn't have sex ever again, Castiel would be okay with that.
. I don't think yellow is my color." Dean was frustrated and tired. He hated shopping, and this was getting ridiculous.
"Yeah, or a new car," Sam scoffs.
"For your happiness, brother." Dean opened his mouth to protest but Benny kept talking. "It doesn't take a genius to see you ain't happy with this life. You deserve something more." Dean scoffed. He couldn't help it. There was no way in Heaven or Hell he deserved something like that. Not after everything. Benny looked like he was going to say more but Dean shot him a glare and he raised his hands in a mock surrender, but Dean knew it wasn't over. Shit, he could not deal with this. Especially considering he couldn't get that stupid smell out of his head. Fuck, it was intoxicating. "What's his name?" He said finally, after a long moment of silence. Benny murmured softly like he knew how important it was to Dean, hell maybe he did. "Castiel."
"It was awesome. I loved it," Dean replies.
"It's obviously something, Cas." Castiel sighed. He really didn't want to argue with Dean. He truly didn't. Perhaps it was best that he tell the truth. "There's no privacy, Dean. It's a lot to get used to, and you always know exactly what I'm feeling. It bothers me." Dean stiffened beside him, taut as a bowstring about to be snapped. Castiel saw how his fingers went white-knuckled on the steering wheel and Castiel wondered what was going through Dean's head. He wasn't a vampire, so of course, he didn't know. But he could take a guess. "I'm sorry. That was unnecessarily harsh."
His voice was husky and low, and Castiel loved it. "Yes." Castiel wasn't sure of what to do with his hands, but Dean did. His right hand gripped Castiel's hip hard, and his left came up to the nape of his neck, running his fingers over it in a way that made Castiel shiver in anticipation. Dean leaned forward slowly, and then Dean's lips were on his. He had expected something gentle, or maybe soft, he had no idea why, Dean was the literal image of a bad boy, but... His thought ground to a halt when Dean pushed him firmly up against the bricks, and his tongue licked across Castiel's bottom lip, asking for entry he assumed. Castiel opened his mouth slightly and then Dean's tongue was running over his.
Which makes him laugh harder and Dean pulls his fingers out of him. Castiel raises on his knees and turns around to face Dean.
The words have a positive effect on Dean. His face smooths, and the tension visibly eased from his body. He's instantly more comfortable.
~~Dean~~
Not that he had any regrets. Not about that particular decision anyway. No, his engagement ring was pretty in the sunlight. Sturdy and solid against the pulse he could feel in his finger if he crooked it the right way - it'd been that way ever since he broke it in that bar fight in Tuscaloosa. The light also happened to fall on his soon-to-be-husband. Dean looked over at his sleeping angel with nothing short of pure contentment. It was rare that Cas woke up before him. Since Cas fell, he's always slept longer, deeper, and harder than Dean ever has. Which Dean's thankful for. He's spent too much of his adult life hiding what he's thinking or feeling, and in these moments he's unrestricted.
"Yeah. It was a long time ago, I was still human then, but yeah."
in the best of ways. Dean's body is on fire. He's so close. Cas starts nailing his prostate, and Dean loses it, babbling like an idiot.
Dean smiles. "Did you have something better in mind, Sir?"
Castiel was a little taken aback, but he was curious too. "I would like that. Are you sure you don't mind?"
Castiel chuckles with dark amusement and leans in between Dean's legs, tapping the plug. Dean moans and jerks, and it's music for Castiel's ears. He strokes Dean's cock faster and uses the other hand to tug on the nipple clamps. Dean's mouth falls open, and he moans unabashedly. Castiel licks his lips in appreciation. He keeps stroking Dean's cock, using his thumb to smear pre-cum around and make the slide that much slicker, and then he uses his other hand to play with the plug inside Dean. He pulls it out slightly before pushing it back in deep. He repeats the process with faster and faster motions, increasing the force, now he's furiously fucking Dean with the toy.
Nothing was more important. That's why after his mother had married Zachariah that they had made the move from the cold climes of Michigan to the low heat-riddled swamp of southern Louisianna.His step-father had insisted that His word was more needed in the sin-soaked city of New Orleans, where every year, people flocked from everywhere to partake in Mardi Gras, one of the best-known celebrations in America. It was known for liquor and sex and obviously, every sinner there needed to hear the words Zachariah was preaching, so of course, his mother had submitted with little qualms about uprooting her and her child Castiel from the only home he had ever known.
Cas does eventually have to go home. He has to tend to his bees, after all. Dean's sad to see him go, but it's not like he doesn't have things he has to do as well. He's going to text him tonight, though. Dean feels crappy about what happened last night even though Cas has said that it was okay and that he didn't mind. Dean's not sure where this is going, but it's been amazing so far. Jesus, his ass is still sore. It will probably sting for a while. He has an ointment he's supposed to apply, but it's squishy, and Dean hates the texture, so he'll just suffer. God, he can't wait until they scene. He's apprehensive but thrilled.
"What makes me so special for you to reveal these to me without prompting?" Dean's eyes snap open at Cas's curious tone. He looks down into those limitless blue eyes, and it's almost like he sees galaxies in them.
"Why is that?"
And he feels so unprepared.
"Uh, thank you, I suppose." Dean just nodded awkwardly. Oh. Wait a second. "That's why you look familiar. I have seen you before. Someone knocked me down and you helped me back up but left before I could say thank you. Why did you do that?"
"Of course."
And leave it alone. I'm fine." Castiel turns to walk away again but this time he's having none of it when Dean grabs him by the shoulder. Castiel grabs his wrist in an iron grip and uses his momentum to push Dean up against the wall, his right arm laying across Dean's clavicles, keeping him pinned to the brick.
They need to talk about kinks and limits and safewords, and for the love of all that's holy, Castiel's never looked forward to a conversation more. He can't wait to do an actual scene with Dean. One where he can punish Dean for calling him anything but 'Sir,' and test the limits of his endurance. And the aftercare afterward. It's something he's really looking forward to.
“There it is. God, Cas, you’re gorgeous.” Soft lips press against his ass cheek and Castiel can’t help but be touched by the gesture. He whimpers when Dean tightens his grip on his cock. “Are you ready for me, yet? Want me in that sweet ass of yours? I could keep at this all day but it seems like you’re close already, Cas. Gonna cum for me?”
"You beg so beautifully for me, baby boy. Good job." Castiel pulls the plug out of Dean, takes a moment to turn it off, and abandons it on the floor.
He's not entirely sure where that came from, but it felt right to ask, and apparently, it was the right thing to say because Cas groans and says, "Fuck. Yes. Suck me, baby boy. I'm going to have you quivering with need by the time I'm done with you."
The guy had given it to him. Dean had tried to refuse but the man wouldn't hear it. He'd said it was payment. When Dean had asked, "Payment for what?", the guy had just smiled and said just for nice company and conversation while he ate his lunch. It was only later Dean would remember that the guy hadn't eaten anything. He'd said his name was Lafitte. Dean had thought that was a funny name. It rolled off his tongue in an odd way, especially when he tried to say it with Lafitte's accent. He liked the guy though. "Come on, Sammy. Time for bed." Sam grumbled a was expected but he was actually tired, Dean could tell. He read the kid like a book after all. He spent a minute cleaning up, not that there was much he could really do, just move stuff from one place to another, before going to lay down with Sammy. Dean always slept next to the wall and hugged Sammy to him, sharing body heat. He felt protected like that. It was one of the only times he ever felt safe. Apparently, Sammy did too, because he fell asleep after only a few minutes, leaving Dean to ponder about the guy Lafitte. He wondered why he'd ben so nice to Dean and if he'd see him again. He stared up at the dirty ceiling and thought about it.
"Sir! Oh, God, Sir, please! I wanna cum! Please, may I cum?" Castiel smiles widely in satisfaction.
He didn't mind, and he actualy felt a lot better after he got out. Dean hadn't joined him, though Castiel could tell he had wanted to. He wanted to ask why, but he wasn't sure he wanted the answer to that question. He'd be lying if he said that the "pretty little hole" comment hadn't gotten to him.
Dean smiles. He texts back:
"Yes," He gasps. "Please, Sir. I want it. Wanna be tied up. Please? Please, I want-"
Dean arches his eyebrows and Castiel sighs, "Okay. A lot jealous. Happy?"
Dean is breathing heavily, open-mouthed panting, and cheeks flushed pink. His lips are kiss-swollen, and his skin is glinting with a sheen of sweat.
At Cain's, it only takes a few minutes for Sam to get his stuff and come back out to the car. Dean doesn't miss the sideways look that Sam casts the door, though. Something is going on there, but Dean isn't sure he wants to think about it. The drive back to Dean's house is punctuated only by the ZZ Top cassette he’s playing. The relative silence is nice, and Dean lets it fill him.
"Uh, why not now?"
"I'm fine, Dean."Dean walked over to the bar and pulled out a granola bar that the hotel just stuck in there as well as a bottle of water. He turned back to Cas and handed them to him. "Eat this. You need it. Then you'll sleep." It wasn't a request but Cas didn't seem to mind too much. He just opened the granola bar and started eating. Dean fixed the bed while Cas finished his water. "Dean." Dean turned and looked at him."What's up, Cas?" Castiel looked unsure of himself and his eyes were wide.
"Is that something you'd like to try?" Dean's mouth goes dry. He goggles over at Cas, a blush staining his cheeks.
"Nah, it's him. No preacher's kid has a right to smell like that though. Whoa, brother." Benny laid an arm across Dean's chest, and Dean realized he'd already taken two steps in the guy's direction without even thinking about it. He just smelled so damn good. Dean leaned back against the wall next to Benny. "Shit. I didn't even realize..." Benny smiled. "It happens sometimes. That's how Andrea was to me. Go talk to him, just keep a clear head, I don't wanna see ya hurt." Dean shook his head.
"You haven't fucked anything up. You've done a great job, far as I can see it. I haven't been hurt a single time, and it's all been amazing. There's nothing wrong with our pace if it suits us."
"Good job, baby boy. You did so well for me. That was so good. Did you like that?"
"Ask, and you shall receive." The head of Cas's cock slips into his hole with a teasingly slow slide. It only gets a couple of inches in before Cas is pulling back out again. Dammit, what Dean wouldn't give to be able to get his hands on this man. "I do love teasing you, baby boy."
D: he deserves better than me
Cas growls. "What do you want? I want you to beg for it, Dean. I've heard you calling for me," Cas nips at his bottom lip, "All your whispered pleas. All your gasped fantasies." Cas drags the pillow away from Dean's legs and suddenly it's soft dress pants rubbing against his cock and Dean moans, thrusting his hips up against Cas.
He pulls away and Dean is looking at him with wide eyes. "That's not fair." His voice is small enough that Castiel begins to question himself on the wiseness of that teasing. He doesn't want it to have adverse effects on Dean. Shit.
"Yeah. You know." He mimed squeezing something with his hands. Oh. Dean was supernaturally strong. Castiel needed to remember that. Speaking of the supernatural, he had some things that needed to be addressed. "Mate?" He asked softly, desperately hoping for an explanation. Dean sighed and went to sit back down on the bed, leaving Castiel to stand awkwardly in the middle of the room. He put his hands on his knees.
" He breathes. Dean looks shy but proud. As if he's daring Cas to say something. Dean's wearing pink panties. They have a little bow in the center of the waistband, and they're bulging around his cock, which is twitching as Cas looks at it. His mouth has gone dry, and his mind is blank.
Castiel grins and Dean just shakes his head, chuckling despite himself with red cheeks. "You are never fucking me with a cucumber, you hear me?"
"For what?"
"Yeah. I pretty much raised him actually."
He is probably going to sleep, honestly. If he can manage it. He pulls the trash bag off the can and ties it. He goes to get another bag and realizes that it's just an empty box sitting on the fridge instead of a box filled with trash bags. Another mental note: Get trash bags.
Castiel knew Dean wasn't exactly telling the truth, he just couldn't pinpoint what exactly he wasn't being truthful about. He decided to drop it for now. He was exceedingly patient, and he would just bring it up again at a later date. If Dean didn't answer then, he would just continue to do that. "Okay. So... What now? I'm not going home...?"
His blood begins to boil and his vision tinges red at the insinuation. Dean emerges from under the car on a rollerboard just as Castiel reaches the woman's side.
Whatever he was expecting, maybe a smirk, or a barrage of questions, it wasn't what he got. Dr. Bradbury just smiles at him.
He could see no connection at all. He decided the most important question would be the one at the forefront of his mind right now. "How do you know they are real?" Dean winced slightly and looked down at the floor as his shoulders hunched in on themselves. "'Cause I'm... Cause I'm not human, Cas. That's how I know." His voice was soft, Castiel had the feeling Dean was preparing himself for rejection. So Dean wasn't human, or he believed he wasn't. Castiel really didn't know what to think right now. This was all rather crazy. He tried to keep his voice composed he asked, "If you are not human then what are you?" Dean looked up and looked him right in the eye. "I'm a vampire." For some unknown reason, goosebumps raced along his skin from head to toe at the words and he had to repress the urge to shiver.
B: He won't. Besides, he's your intended mate. That doesn't just apply to you, you know. He wants to be with you too.
"Dean. My sweet, sassy boy. I'm going to make you mine." Cas runs his hand down Dean's chest, slowly heading towards Dean's cock where it's trapped in the beautiful pink panties that fit Dean
"G-green. Green, Sir. Oh - oh God." A tremor runs through Dean, and Castiel smiles and runs a hand through Dean's damp hair, quieting the whimpers.
The tension in Dean's shoulders evaporates at Cas's words, and he relaxes. He places his hands on Cas's chest and slowly starts to raise his hips off, just a few inches, then sinks back down, groaning at being so full. Cas's hands settle on Dean's hips, but they don't stay there long. They travel up his sides to his chest. Cas starts to play with his nipples, and Dean's rhythm falters at the shooting pleasure singing through him. He moves his hands from Cas's chest to come up and cups Cas's hands, flattening them to his chest as he starts to ride him more fully, urging him deeper. He grinds into him hard, throwing his head back with his eyes closed and giving in to the sensations. Cas groans underneath him and growls, "Could you be any more perfect? Fuck, baby boy, you're going to ruin me."
. Dean's pliant under Castiel's rope; restricted and displayed. The sight has his blood boiling. He can hardly believe this is real. Castiel reaches his hand out and rubs it up Dean's inner thigh, enjoying the way his legs quiver when he does. Dean is so desperate to be touched right now, and all Castiel wants to do is touch. Touch, explore, test, learn, adventure.
D:I know what your going to say, were just not there yet
"Cas... What do we do?"
His words are quiet, and Cas stills for a moment. Long enough for Dean to think he might've fucked up, but then Cas is kissing along his shoulder again.
“Cain,” Castiel whispers, trying to ignore the feeling of hope crumbling inside him.
"Yes, I do. I've never met anyone like him, Sam. I intend on keeping him for a very long time."
"Good job, Dean. I'm proud of you for remembering so well. Now, I know we discussed this, but I must ask again. Are you sure you don't want me to ask you about your color during the scene?"
Dean cuts himself off as he rocks his weeping erection against Castiel's abdomen. In the process, he's grinding against Castiel's erection caught between them, and the sensation makes him groan. With a frustrated noise, Castiel lays a hand against Dean's hip and stills their rocking, much to Dean's despair. He whines and lays his head back against Castiel's shoulder, panting. He soothes Dean, "I've got you, sweet boy. I'm going to take good care of you. You just have to trust me."
"Don't lie to me, please."
"Yeah, I can see that. We're in the bathroom though. And we need to clean up." Castiel groaned, making Dean laugh. "Come on, babe. Let's do this, then hit the sack."
Cas smiles and huffs as he carries Dean into the bedroom. They cross the threshold and Cas sets him down on the bed gingerly, showcasing his strength in such a way that stuns Dean to his core.
"Okay, Dean. That's fine. Now hush, sweetheart. Just breathe. You're safe with me. I would never hurt you. I've got you."
(See the end of the chapter for
As Castiel opens the door and steps into the slightly chillier air of the rest of his home, it occurs to him that he didn't say 'baby boy' when assuring Dean that it wasn't weird. It was 'baby.' Castiel doesn't think he's done that before... That will warrant more thought later. As Castiel gracefully climbs the stairs, even with his boyfriend attached to his front, he wonders if perhaps Dean would be open to age play. It was discussed as a possibility when they spoke about terms and disregarded. Castiel wonders if it might warrant some more consideration. Based on today's scene and their current situation, well... It's possible. Castiel clears his mind as he reaches the opening to the hallway and carries a now goose-bumped Dean to Castiel's bathroom. He did think to turn on the vent in here, so it's warmer in here than the rest of the house.
"Good boy. Now, tell me the stoplight system, so I know you understand." They've gone over this several times, but it never hurts to remind the sub that they're actually in control. Dean had made a special request regarding the stoplight system, and Castiel's not sure what to make of it. Dean's tongue comes out to lick his bottom lip quickly before he answers.
B: oh really? One word, Dean. Andrea.
"Yes. I thought you would be hungry. I know I am." He says lightly, but a little thrill of pleasure shoots through him as he sees Dean work out the meaning behind the words. Lord, is this man perfect?
"I feel I would be safe in assuming you do not mean of animals."
Cas's breath exhales onto Dean's neck, and he feels the softest brush of lips against his hair.
A pink blush rises to stain Dean's cheeks and he looks down at the rumpled sheets beneath them. "I'm not."
"Right there, Ca-Sir!"
"Yes, baby. We're done with the circus." Castiel presses a kiss on Dean's hair and hugs him tight. There's that 'baby' again. Now they're just boyfriends cuddling on the bed after an intense round of kinky sex. The thought makes Castiel smile. Late afternoon sunlight is shining through the windows and giving Dean's skin a golden glow. He looks warm and sleepy and beautiful. Dean's brow furrows, and he makes a frustrated noise.
"Gorgeous, baby boy. Damn gorgeous." He says into Dean's ear, and his knees nearly buckle. Cas grabs his ass and pushes upward. Dean gets the memo and hops, wrapping his legs around Cas's waist and his arms around his shoulders. He's never known another person to be able to carry him without trouble, not even his gargantuan baby brother. But Cas seems almost supernaturally strong because he does it with ease.
would feel amazing. Cas leans forward until he's nearly nose to nose with Dean, Dean's cock pressing up against Cas's suit deliciously. "I think I will...
The conversation had dwindled into insults there, but Dean knew Sam was cool with it, which was
"Hey, you can't be dissing Judge Judy. That lady would chew you up and spit you back out." Cas smiles.
"Thank you for telling me. Thank you for being honest. I won't be disappointed if this doesn't end as perfectly as you envision it. I don't expect perfection from you, Dean, or even greatness. I just want honesty, passion, and innocence. I know you will give me those things. Give me that, and it will be great. It will be perfect. And as far as it goes..." Cas's lips give him little butterfly kisses along the nape of his neck, and it has Dean leaning his head back, arching his neck, and baring his throat. "I think you will be fantastic. Do you remember last time?"
It's a demand, and Dean complies with a wretched scream at finally being allowed release. His body hurls itself over that final edge and he crashes into delirious ecstasy. His body seizes up and his muscles lock but Cas keeps thrusting into him furiously. Dean's cock jumps and he sprays the cheap motel sheets with his cum in hot spurts until he's spent and shaking. Cas keeps fucking him, bumping his prostate randomly and Dean whimpers loudly, protesting the abuse but loving it at the same time. Cas is using him, using Dean's body to please himself. Fuck. Cas's hips sputter in their rhythm then he stills, gasping a quiet, impassioned groan (Dean!) and spurting into Dean's ass, coating his insides with sticky cum. Dean loves it. Cas
Castiel looks over at her, still holding Dean to him by a handful of denim-clad ass, and snarls, "You can take your business elsewhere, or I'll report you for illicit activities on the premises such as eliciting prostitution, attempts at bribery, and sexual exploitation."
surely-to-God leaving a red handprint on his ass cheek. It stings like crazy, but he relishes it. Fuck, he never thought he'd like spanking so much. He whines and looks back at Cas, who has his Dom-brow going on, and Dean gulps.
Castiel smiles at the man's words.
Dean braced himself. It was minute, but Castiel could see him tense under his layers of clothing. There was actually quite too many layers for the Louisiana heat, but he supposed it didn't bother him. Castiel forced himself back on topic. And he really didn't need to think about it. There were so many questions and fears, but honestly, it just didn't matter at this point. He hadn't been lying yesterday when he said he trusted Dean. For some strange reason, he trusted this man implicitly.
"No! Sorry, that was rude. Just surprised me is all."
"Dean, stop, it's okay, it's okay!" Sam's voice doesn't even make sense, it's garbled noise, like Dean's underwater. And he doesn't care. He struggles against Sam's grip.
Dean is standing behind the shower curtain. He hasn't moved since Castiel walked in, which doesn't bode well. Castiel shuts the door, already missing the cool air, and crosses the room. Brow furrowed, Castiel pulls the curtain back to peek inside with a tentative, “Dean?”
Castiel's breath catches in his throat, and his heart stills.
blue eyes. Cas's voice is dangerously soft, and a little thrill runs up Dean's spine.
But he's home now, and several chores have accumulated that he's been ignoring. He's been staying at Cas's place more often than not and hasn't taken the time to care about his own house.
almost in pristine condition.
It’s just enough pleasure to have Castiel on the razor’s edge of aggravation and satisfaction that keeps him pinned to the bed, yearning for more.
Guilt squirms low in his stomach and Dean grimaces.
Cas's eyes flickered over to his and held his gaze. "Yes, Dean?"
"Yeah, sorta." Dean mumbles.
Sam swipes his hair out of his eyes and grins. "That's exactly it! I just felt, like, smaller than him. It was weird.”
"You're going to cum again. I should be punishing you for your snark earlier, but you get to cum again, naughty boy. And when you're done with this orgasm? I'm going to make you cum one more time on my cock. Do you understand, Dean?" Dean does, but he doesn't want to. He whines as he feels that irresistible heat pool again. He's going to cum again for Chrissakes, and he might just die this time.
"It depends on who I'm writing for. I'm doing this because she's my friend, and her words need to be out there. If I write for journals or scientific magazines I do get paid, but this is for a friend."
"Good," Cas purrs, licking a long stripe up over Dean's jaw and along to his ear, where he pulls at the lobe between his teeth. "This is going to be so much fun."
"Burt?"
The sickening pit of hurt in his stomach makes him want to curl up. He hates how sensitive he is but at the same time, he can't hide it or change it. Jesus, why does Cas even want to put up with this? Put up with him? It's ridiculous, and he knows that. If Cas doesn't want to tell him, that's fine. It shouldn't be that big of a deal! Dean's just going to have to reign in his feelings for the man. If he can... Cas's voice interrupts his haze, and he realizes Cas is kneeling in front of him on the floor, hands placed on Dean's thighs. They come up to cup his face, and Cas's eyes are wide and kind.
Cas smiles, "Yes, perhaps it wasn't the best choice of venue, but there are worse ones."
It was useful to the nth degree honestly. "She's beautiful, Dean." Dean's small smile amped up to about a thousand degrees of dazzling dental brightness at that. Cas literally could not have chosen a better thing to say even if Dean had given him a script. "Yes, she is. This is Baby. 1967 Chevy Impala. She rolled off the line a pure smokin' babe, and I've kept her that way." Cas turned and smiled at him.
"Sorry. I'm not... I don't want to stop. I just got freaked out for a second. Feel a little vulnerable, I guess." Castiel smiles understandably at him.
"I love you too. Oh God, keep doing that." Dean moans against Cas's neck. He's trying not to rock his hips too much, but God, it feels so good. It's concrete and perfect. Cas is here, they're real and vital, and alive. Everything is good. Dean's other hand balls into a fist as he tries to keep still. Cas's breath was coming in stuttered pants. They moan together as the crest begins to build. Their skin is sweat-slick and warm. Cas's hand tightens and begins to jerk him rapidly. Dean bites his lip and tries not to mess up the rhythm too much.
A sound falls out of Dean's mouth that has Castiel's erection straining upwards, and he's nearly ready to break and take the plug out and shove himself inside. He loves being in Dean's ass. But he's waiting for something, it should be coming sometime soon.
, Dean thinks again. He wants to shudder in delight, but he's a little restricted at the moment.
Dean did. He kissed and sucked and licked his way over to where his shoulder met with his neck. His brain was screaming at him matemateminemineclaimminemateclaim but he couldn't do that right now. But he wanted to mark Cas. Cas was his, whether he knew it or not dammit. He latched his mouth there and sucked, hard. Cas gasped and his hips pushed against Dean's groin, nearly making him growl, but he managed to get it under control. He didn't want to scare him. But Castiel was making that very, very hard. Pun intended. Dean soothed the already purpling flesh with his tongue and worked his way back up his throat, leaving little nips and bite marks that had Castiel gasping and panting into his mouth when he finally reached it.
Cas pulls away, gasping. "Fuck, you're good at that."
him. But nothing’s ever stopped him, and even when he’s struggled, he’s never stopped trying. It took nothing at all for Castiel to love him. It was like a switch flipped somewhere inside. Anyone that comes to know Dean probably loves him. Castiel really couldn’t see it any other way.
A shiver runs through Dean at the words, and excitement pools in his stomach. Shit. He starts Baby up and pulls out of his driveway in a rush, barely missing the mailbox.
"Am not. I'm handsome."
Dean makes a small noise and nuzzles his face against Castiel, making him smile. He's so cute sometimes. Castiel sings the next verse and Dean continues to move around more, making quiet happy sounds that make Castiel smile. When he finishes that verse, he strokes Dean's hair and whispers "Are you awake, honey?"
The rest of the meal goes well. Sam teases Dean, so Dean retaliates by telling Cas about the crush Sam has on Cain. That sparks a discussion about childhood crushes and Dean has to expand on his views of Harrison Ford a little too much. Before long, the lunch is over. Dean leans back in the padded booth and pats his stomach. He's happily stuffed full of food and could use a nap now.
Everything happens for a reason, and he's going to milk this experience for all it's worth. Even if Dean decides he doesn't want Castiel, Cas will be thankful for the time he got to spend with him. He really hopes they get to play later so he can add that to his memories. He wants to bring Dean pleasure in so many ways. He's been dreaming about it, sleeping and while awake. He bites his lip as he thinks. Keeping his self-control in place might prove to be
::::::::::::
Dean elbowed him slightly to get his attention, "C'mon, Cas. Kitchen, man." Yes, that was right. He caught up to the woman whose name he still hadn't asked for and followed her into the kitchen where she started grabbing glasses out of the cabinets and setting them on the marbled counter. The house looked almost nothing like when he had lived here. It was all warm, bright, colors and soft textures. It was cozy and smelled of apple pie. He couldn't remember his house having a smell, and he remembered everything being white and gray. It was better now.
"Oh yeah. He's over the moon. This is like a dream come true."
Sam releases him with a sheepish grin, "Sorry, I've bulked out a little since you last saw me."
"Come here, Dean," Cas calls soft, and Dean swallows around the nervous lump in his throat, his heart thrumming in his chest. He's so gonna regret this. Dean pulls his foot from the concrete it's seeped in and steps forward. After the first step, he finds it a little easier to make the next one and the next one, and then he's standing at the hive. He eyes the buzzing box with wide eyes and carefully slides in next to Cas, who has his hand out above the beehive. His palm is cupped, and three bees are crawling over his skin. The thought makes Dean feel icky, but he's mesmerized by the awed look on Cas's face. He's smiling gently down at the bees, then he starts speaking quietly. "If you watch them long enough, you can see how they communicate. They talk to each other through vibrations, body chemical signals, and dances."
Sam walks to the door and grasps the knob before turning around to look at Dean, "I'm happy for you, you know. You guys are good together."
D: no. benny... i love him. what if he leaves
"Yeah. I'm adorable." Castiel chuckles and lays his head against Dean's soft hair. He enjoys this closeness. It's not something he's had outside of aftercare for his subs in a very long time. Too long.
They visited so many places that Castiel lost count and it began to become a blur of faces and revulsive words that he would only scarcely remember later. Just like always, everyone assured Zachariah that they would do their best to maintain an upright establishment, but they weren't closing their shops on one of the most productive days of the year. They couldn't afford to. It always infuriated Zachariah, but luckily Naomi often received the brunt of his anger instead of Castiel. Apparently, Zachariah thought him so disappointed and angry with the business owners himself that he let Castiel go to his room without many words after they returned home. He was glad.
"Nah. This carpet's pretty comfortable."
That's when Dean sees it. It's just a flash of tan sticking out from in between a red coat and a dark blue jacket. Cas is distracted at the end of the aisle so Dean checks it out. He pulls it out from in between the two coats, it's actually a little stuck because everything's packed so tight but he manages to get it free. He smiles to himself as he looks at it. Cas is going to love this, he knows it. "Hey Cas, com'ere. I think I've found something." Cas looks up with interest and his eyes grow wide as he takes in the sight in Dean's hands. It's almost a carbon copy of his original trench coat. It's just like the one that Dean first met Castiel in all those years ago in that smoky barn. And it's
Dean runs his finger over the heavy paper stock and smiles, "Do you give your number out to everyone that comes here?"
"Shit," he grumbles and climbs back in. This day is going
"Where?" He demands, blood pulsing hotly in his ears, "Home?"
He just felt good. Like he was buzzing. It was a pleasant feeling and he wondered if this was what it felt like to be high. Suddenly the pulling sensation was gone and Dean was licking and lapping at the bite wounds waiting for it to coagulate, he assumed.
"Haven't you ever watched Regis and Kelly? You know, the talk show?"
"Alright, then. As long as you know. Are you hungry?" Dean could go for some food right now. He needs a distraction. He feels like a needy child, and he doesn't like it.
"Yes, Sir."
Cas handed him the phone and he looked down realizing Cas had written a note.
Please comment with your thoughts. I love hearing from you guys.
Dean's hand comes up in the space between them, trembling slightly, and he reaches out until his palm is hovering by Cas's face. He implores the man to understand with his eyes, scared that his voice will ruin the tenuous grasp on
“Can we eat sometime this year, though?” Cas says and Dean rolls his eyes and slips his grip to go drain the noodles. “Anything, my king. Anything for your majesty.”
Cas looked a little pale, but he seemed calm.
He wraps his other hand around the heated porcelain he's holding and takes another sip, savoring the sweet, dark liquid. He likes this. It's quiet. Not the lonely, dingy, empty quiet of his house. This kind of peace is wonderful. It's a waiting-on-something-to-happen quiet. He's never really had a happy-quiet before. Not since Sammy anyway. The thought of his little brother turns his mood a bit sour.
Dean twitches and rubs his cheek against Castiel's t-shirt for a moment. "Hey, um... Cas?"
As always, please comment and tell me your thoughts. I read and love every single one of them, and really they're the best thing ever for me.
"No. Sorry."
I can't believe this!" Dean rages aloud, thankful that Sammy's at school and isn't seeing him like this. Shit. He can't do this right now. He throws the eviction notice down on the counter and holds his head in his hands. What the fuck is he gonna do? He's strapped. Even with Cas's help he's still barely keeping his head above water and if they don't have a place to live he's fucked. He can't afford another deposit on a place, much less a water down payment or trying to move everything.
"Angel?"
"I know. I know, baby. I know it feels like so much more than you can handle. Too much. But I promise it's not. It'll feel even better the second time, I promise. Just feel it, sweet boy. Just feel it."
"He said that if he hadn't wanted it he would've stopped me. And that he's happy."
He squats against the opposite wall outside the stall and looks at Dean. Dean, for one, doesn't even seem to register that they're there besides the fact that he's holding onto Castiel for dear life.
Dean wakes with a grunt to the sound of barking and he sighs. The next-door neighbor is going to drive him insane with that damn yapping dog. He pushes himself off the bed and winces at the way his muscles creak. He slept on his stomach all of last night, and God, his back is paying the price for it. He strips out of his jeans and leaves them in the hallway as he goes to take a piss. When he's finished, he gives his teeth a cursory once over with the toothbrush and calls it good.
"Take all the time you need." Castiel holds him tightly, closing his eyes and cuddling Dean, not paying a bit of attention to the end of the movie playing lowly on the flatscreen. It's a couple of minutes before Dean says anything.
Dean's immediately offended. "What the hell is so wrong with being human? I know you guys with all your celestial bullshit don't compare to us mud monkeys but-"
"It's blue."
Dean holds them straight above his head, and he hears the swoosh of rope, and then there's tension in his arms as he's being pulled up higher. It stops when he's settled on the balls of his feet, and he's already trembling with need. Dean pulls on his arms a little bit, and they don't give.
Cas looks at him for a long moment, and Dean thinks that he's about to be rejected for a split second before Cas lets out a sigh.
Hoping he's not reading this wrong, Dean whispers, "Kiss me, Cas."
Cas starts stroking him with purpose, and he jerks Dean by the rope back onto his cock at the same time he thrusts forward, making him hit
“So… I wasn’t really ignoring you on purpose. Just so you know. After the argument, I just drove. I ended up in Sioux Falls and visited Jody. I left my phone… By the time I realized why I actually freaked out I needed some time to process. I just wanted to get everything straight in my mind before talking to you and I took too long. I know that. I got home, and then I found my stuff sitting there. I tried to call, and you didn’t answer. I figured that was answer enough," Dean shrugs, "Until you called back.”
Instead of kissing him, which is most likely expected if not being hoped for, Castiel rearranges his arms and squeezes Dean in a very tight hug. Then he kisses him.
John scoffs and laughs, taking another step towards them. "What, you think your little gay ass can take me, boy? I've dropped grown men like that," He snapped his fingers, "You think you're bad enough for me? For me? "
"You mean that?" Dean asks.
“It’s so ridiculous that I need you for this, but thank you for being here,” Castiel says, muffled against Cain’s shirt.
There's not even a question about that. Dean wants to get to know this guy. He's all kinds of awesome and sexy and smart, obviously, but Dean knows there's more there. He wants to find out what's under all those layers, clothes, and otherwise.
"If you wanna know something Cas, just ask. I'll either answer or I won't. World War One." Cas looked shocked, understandably.
Dean sits up a little and looks at Cas in the dusky light. His stubble is like blue shadows on his face, and his lashes seem longer and darker than they are. His hair seems raven-colored now. He looks ethereal and beautiful. It's not the first time Dean's thought of Cas as being beautiful, and it probably won't be the last. He's just so amazing. Dean can't get enough of him. His laugh, his smile, the way he protects Dean and cares for him. It's more than enough to have his heart swelling at just the thought of it. Dean carefully slides off of Cas since his legs are starting to cramp, and he lays beside him, nestled into the crook of his arm. Cas stirs a little and mumbles thickly, "Dean?"
Castiel's spirit withers at the word. Dean will not reciprocate. Somehow, he just knows it. Castiel looks down at the floor, feeling his world crumble around him. He just lost everything in one moment of anger. Just one moment and he's broken again.
"Parent," Cas corrected. "Yeah, about that. What about your real dad, do you know who he is?" Cas shook his head. "I don't really know anything about him besides he was a writer and he left Naomi when I was a toddler. I've heard he was a nice man, but I haven't met him. He might be dead now for all I know." Uncomfortableness prickled at the back of Dean's neck and that was all the warning he got. There was a tiny, infinitesimal pop and then a deep growling voice filled the car. "Hello, boys."
"Aw, no need to flatter me, Cas," Dean winked, and Cas blushed and averted his gaze. "But thanks."
The room, thankfully, is quieter than the rest of the club. The walls are probably padded but the rich oak panels reveal nothing. A long time ago, Castiel used to tease Cain about his "mancave" of an office. The carpet is thick and a deep red umber. All the accents in the room are dark wood and gold gleams. It ties well together.
He hears the phone connect, and a weary breath fills the relative silence of his car from his phone's speakers.
"Lean over there to my nightstand, top drawer. There's lube. Grab it, please."
"I don't understand."
"Yeah?"
"Horny?" Dean pressed his hips against Castiel's, effectively rubbing up against him, and the friction was divine, but Castiel needed to focus. He stepped out of Dean's grasp. "Please, Dean. Answers." Dean sighed and rolled his eyes. "Alright. Mates. It's pretty simple. Mine, yours. Alpha, Omega."
"Good boy. Are you ready?"
Castiel's taken aback, and his brain whirs a the speed of light. How long has it been since Dean's seen his father? Did they part on good terms? Will Dean want him to back off and leave him alone to deal with John? His voice is grim when he finally speaks. "How bad is this?"
"It does, I suppose. But still, Dean. Something like that, trying that, isn't something we can jump into. It's been risky enough as it is, and we haven't tested any of your limits. I'd... I'd like to design a scene with that in mind. For next time. Now that you've had some experience we need to revisit the list as well. There are some things we need to add."
“That’s the idea,” Dean laughs and Castel bites down hard on his shoulder. Dean moans and his hips falter in their tempo. Two can play at that game. Dean tightens his fist around Castiel’s cock right as he changes the angle. Now the sensitive head of his cock is dragging across Dean’s skin with every movement. He wants to cry, it feels so good.
"Noticed that." He gasps as Cas slides back in. This time he bottoms out, and Dean groans, shuddering under Cas's touch. Then Cas pulls back and rams back in, and Dean shrieks. Finally! Cas doesn't stop. His hips start thrusting in a steady rhythm that seems intent on teasing Dean. Slow, slow, fast, fast-slow.
Cas leans over, and Dean can feel his warm breath on his neck. "Do you think I did not enjoy this morning? Do you think I wasn't happy you asked?"
"I need to talk to hi-"
It’s full of his things. Things he’d left at Cas’s house. A random toothbrush, a shirt, a pair of boxers, one of his phone chargers. Some other random odds and ends. The clothes are freshly laundered and folded, which is ironic considering their placement in a rumpled cardboard box on his front stoop. The box hadn’t been there since last night, so Cas must’ve dropped it off some point before Dean called. Honestly, that made it sting worse than before. Cas had not wanted to talk to him then, because he would’ve seen the Impala in the driveway and known Dean was home.
Dean had almost tacked on a 'Be good for you,
kind of guy. Not on the surface anyway. But he's here, and that's how it is now.
"Dean."
"Well, it's not like it's hard! Besides, you didn't know."
"My first successful Dom was a man named Cain. He runs the club I was telling you about. He helped me when we learned that I was a Dom rather than a sub. His experience was valuable and precious to me. He taught me everything I needed to know to begin and to do it correctly."
"I guess."
"No offense to you, Dr. Bradbury, but Dean, if there's something you don't want to do, you don't have to," Cas says softly. Dean knows he's trying to reassure him, but he also knows it's stupid to come to a doctor and then not let said doctor do their job.
“That was good,” Dean murmurs against Cas’s bare skin. He revels in their scent. The room smells like sex and male musk. They’re both sweaty, panting, and Dean forgot to turn on the AC last night. Which explains it.
Castiel plays his hand lightly over Dean's chest, rubbing in small circles, gradually making his way towards the waistband of his pants. "My baby boy is greedy, isn't he?" Castiel murmurs.
"Hmm... Assless, huh? That's good. That's such a good boy, Dean, wanting to surprise me. Being quiet and not waking me up to get yourself clean for me. That was very thoughtful of you. I love this surprise. Did you prep yourself as well?"
"I mean, yeah, probably." Dean shrugs it off, "If he was drunk. I don't think he would if he were sober."
"Hi, honey. Are you okay?"
"Sort of?"
Dean glances over at Cas and shivers at the hatred on his face. His eyes are steely and his shoulders tense. He radiates danger, and goosebumps break out all over Dean's skin. What if Dad did break in and take the note? He would've had to have followed Dean at some point to figure out where Cas lived.
Castiel knits his eyebrows together. "What is it?"
"Alright, you can come in now!"
"Dean, if you're a human you're entire life, your whole being is dedicated to being a human. That's what you know. That's what you are. But then there are dandelions. They're considered weeds by almost all humans. They have beautiful flowers, but they're considered weeds. Something to be eradicated, or at the very least are seen with disdain. Now imagine you're born a human. You live as a human. You're able to run and walk and fly and swim and sing. Now, what if you suddenly gave your life for one. Damned. Dandelion. And you became one? You, Dean. What if you were suddenly rooted to the earth? Stuck in the soil, unable to move or speak as you always have? What if you're entire family was disgusted by your association and tells you that you deserve to be a dandelion? There are good things. Sunshine, rain. But nothing compares to being a human the way you once were. And now you're stuck. Trapped in an existence that you have no conception of how to handle. You've suddenly been thrust into a whole new life, and nobody speaks your language. Nobody wants to understand. Nobody cares if you used to be human-" Castiel's voice cracks, but he continues. He's got tears in his eyes now, and Dean's eyes are shining too.
It was always possible. "Cas, you okay there?" Cas blinked at him for a moment before his eyes focused and he seemed to come back to life. "Yes, Dean. I am alright. Are you with Benny?" The question surprised him and he wondered if this was the reason for the noticeable tension between Benny and Cas. They'd been nice enough to each other, but it didn't take a genius to see that Cas didn't like him for some reason. "No."
Laying there in each other’s arms afterward, spent, is as much a reward as the actual sex was. The AC works overtime to cool them off and it’s not long before goosebumps are pimpling Castiel’s skin.
" Dean tears his hand out of himself and sits up, looking for anything to cover himself with. Cas is standing by the tv, facing the bed, watching him with dark eyes. In desperation, Dean grabs the pillow from beside him and puts it in front of his groin, effectively hiding his still-hard cock from Cas's intense gaze. What the hell is Cas doing here? Dammit, can't he get one night to himself? Cas tilts his head and steps forward. "Would you really rather I wasn't here? I
(See the end of the chapter for
"I think so. It's been a long day."
Direct sunlight just hurts like a bitch, which was why most of his kind were nocturnal. He'd had a thing for it for a few years, but now Dean just kind of went with the flow of it. He hadn't even bothered to have Cas change out of the sweatpants and t-shirt and damn if he didn't look edible in Dean's clothes. Every time he looked at Cas two words would go circling around his brain like one of those carousel things, it's like it was stuck on the same track or something. Little mate, little mate, little mate.
"Let me in that head of yours," Cas murmurs and caresses Dean's forehead with the backs of his fingers. Dean closes his eyes and squeezes them together before popping them open again. "I'm just thinking, that's all."
comes to see me."
"Oh, honey. If you say 'no' to that, I'm gonna have to smack you for being so stupid. Castiel is a sweetie. He's in here all the time, and I've never seen him do that. I think he likes you."
Dean returns to avidly trying to get him off, and Castiel grips his hair tight in his hand, trying to resist the urge to fuck Dean's hot mouth. Dean hollows his cheeks and sucks as he pulls off, and Castiel gasps,
This is a kink fic, and that's not going to change. However, it's also about emotions and feelings and all the things that this was never originally intended to be. Now, because of the research for this fic, I'm exploring aspects of myself that I didn't know existed. I endeavor to portray and normalize a genuinely healthy, caring relationship with someone that suffers in the way that Dean does. I wish I had a Cas, lemme tell you. I will do my very best to live up to what I just said, and please, if there's anything you think I should address, or need to, let me know and I will do my very best to accommodate. (Please be kind, however. I am indeed as sensitive as Dean most generally.)
"Symbiosis?"
When Dean walks in, Castiel has to suck in a breath. Even with the weight of everything that’s happened dragging his shoulders down and making the smile on his lips die too quickly, he’s still gorgeous. Castiel thinks it’s purposeful that Dean doesn’t look over to catch his eyes before going to get a coffee. Perhaps Dean was worried that he wouldn’t show. Castiel sips his coffee and looks out the window. It is dreary outside, but he much prefers autumn to summer, even if it’s not so great for his bees. A couple of minutes later, Dean eases into the booth across from Castiel.
Castiel closes his front door and turns the locks out of habit. He discards his shoes, coat, and keys at the table in the corner, and Dean does the same. He hasn't said anything the entire ride home and Castiel's anxiety on the matter is beginning to rise, try as he might to remain patient and calm. Dean visits the bathroom, and Castiel takes the time to throw a blanket on the couch and settle in. He hopes his relaxed demeanor will put Dean at ease. The conversation begins to pick back up after Dean's return, even with him perched on the edge of the couch like he might have to run at a moment's notice. Castiel notices that he's picking anxiously at the skin around his thumbnail and has to resist the urge to grab his hand and stop him.
Dean gives Cas the side-eye and shakes his head. Cas grins and says, "I've actually gotten him to admit vegetables aren't that bad. I even got him to eat a salad the other day."
"Me too." He says, and Cas's hand comes up for his thumb to rub Dean's cheekbone. He closes his eyes and leans into the touch.
Dean and Cas take a much-needed trip to the doctor.
"Mornin'," It comes out as a harsh whisper. Cas lays light kisses across his back.
Dean grimaces, "Yeah, my phone died..."
One of the cars is the beauty that Dean had described to him before, the Camaro. It is gorgeous, even taken apart. and he glides his fingers across the gleaming metal as he makes his way to the middle of the room. The other car is a 50's style Corvette, and there's a pair of jean-clad legs sticking out from under it. Bowlegs.
today.
"'Kay, Cas. 'Kay. Can we sleep now? Wanna sleep."
"A vampires mate is usually someone they chose themselves, but not always. Sometimes you just run into them, and you know. It's like a soul mate, I guess. It looks like Zachariah Adler's boy is yours. You're going to have a reaction like that until you're mated with him. Then it'll calm down some." Dean rubbed his hands over his eyes unnecessarily. He just needed a minute to think. "Shit." He muttered under his breath. Benny nodded sympathetically. "Yeah. But still, it's a chance."
"Twelve years isn't that much, Cas."
"Yes, Sir," He says, "Please."
dinged again.
He pulls it out and opens it with shaking hands. There's a neat, looping cursive scrawl across the small square of paper, which is thick and looks expensive. That's the only word for it.
P.P.S I'M SO GLAD MY BLOCK IS FINALLY OVER AHHHHHHHHHHHH <3 <3 <3 <3
"Sir!" He pleads. "Want you in me. Please, please, Sir! Oh, fuck!"
"Why are all angels dicks?"
Dean gives a wistful half-smile that Castiel doesn't like.
Cas pulls out and rams back in so hard that Dean yelps. This time Cas doesn't stop. He starts pistoning into Dean with wild abandon, clearly on edge after so long. Dean can already feel an orgasm pooling again, and
“Fuck!”
"I guess. My butt's so numb I can't feel my cheeks. Coming out here in just boxers maybe wasn't the best idea."
"Sorry about that. I always forget to turn the sound off on this thing. So, gentleman, what're we here for today?"
"Alright." Dean gets up from bed wearily and makes his way through his dark living room. The streetlights illuminate outside, and he can see someone is standing on his steps. What the hell? "Uh, Cas?" He asks into the phone.
"It's not your fault," Dean rolls over onto his back and closes his eyes. "Hell, for once I don't even think it's my fault. Just something I need to deal with."
"That's just bullshit, Cas. I have all the power? Not even close, babe. You-" He raised Cas's head to look him in the eyes, "You are my weakness. And I wanted to mate with you because - fuck- I want you, Cas. Not a piece, not a part, I want it all. And I have since that night in the bar when the stupid frat boy knocked you down. You were always meant to be mine, Cas. Ever since I first laid eyes on you. And the fact that I have you now... Do you have any idea how happy that makes me? Do you need vampiric senses to know that?" Cas's eyes were wide and impossibly blue with emotion. He gave Dean a tiny smile. "I suppose not. Thank you, Dean." Dean kissed the top of Cas's forehead. "Not a problem, sweetheart."
Warning finished, Castiel unclenches the clamp on Dean's right nipple. It only takes a moment before Dean is gasping. Then a low stream of colorful cursing saturates the air. The blood returning can tingle and hurt, but he had the correct assumption that Dean would find pleasure in it. Dean bounces on the balls of his feet, and his face flushes. Castiel watches with avid interest and no small amount of amusement as Dean's chest blushes red, and he bites his bottom lip, still squirming in the rope. It's a glorious picture.
"It is not your fault, Dean. It wasn't entirely his either. I suppose it just all kind of hit me at once. Monsters, demons, they're all real. They're out there."
. God! "Cas!"
Dean slows his thrusts, against Castiel’s needy whines for the opposite, and spits into his hand. He doesn’t waste any time before taking Castiel’s cock in hand and jacking him off roughly. Castiel can’t stop himself anymore. His whole body goes taut as his muscles tense and he lets out a low wail as he begins to cum. His eyes close and colors explode against the blackness as he clenches down on Dean’s cock and grinds as he spurts all over his stomach. It’s enough to send Dean over the edge and he jerks inside Castiel as he cums. He shouts as he orgasms and Castiel can only ride it out, white-knuckled and praying that he can last through it.
"I'm sorry. You can head home if you want and catch some sleep. I can take a bus and go visit Sam or something when this is over."
. I need to cum! Need to cum! So close! Please! Cum in me, Sir. Want you to cum in me!"
"No. Not really." Dean smiles shakily, but he knows Cas won't buy it.
Dean hesitates before knocking on Cas's door, fist raised awkwardly. He knocks quietly, almost like he doesn't want Cas to hear it. Unfortunately for him, Dean does want Cas to answer the door, so Dean has to knock again. He's just nervous. Cas said that he's more than welcome to come in, but Dean didn't tell Cas he was coming or anything else.
"That's what you want, huh? Would you like to hear about exactly how I plan to do it? How I want to make you scream for me before you even get my cock? How I'll make you sing so pretty for me before you get to come?" Castiel whimpered and his throat hurt very badly, but it was manageable. Dean bit his earlobe and it made Castiel's body jerk and he ended up grinding his hard cock against Dean's erection and the friction was incredible. He realized that Dean was a genius for making him do that and he kept it up, grinding against Dean and feeling every single slide on his cloth covered cock. Dean's breath was hot and his voice dark. "You wanna know how exactly I plan to take you?" He nodded vigorously, making Dean chuckle. "You like thinking about it, huh sweetheart? About how I plan to take you apart piece by little piece until you're begging underneath me, writhing on the bed."
"I'll go with you, baby boy. Don't worry." Cas kisses his forehead, and Dean closes his eyes, breathing in his scent with a deep inhale. He smells faintly of sandalwood. Dean can barely remember his mom, but he does remember her smell. She smelled like vanilla and sweet sandalwood. He's always loved the scent, and it comforts him now as Cas wraps his arms around him.
"Yeah..."
“I’m well aware,” Castiel says, a smirk playing at his lips. Dean laughs and pulls him closer. “Alright, don’t go getting a big head. But, Jesus. I could totally take a nap right now.”
"Only if we can disappear," Castiel replies. The man leans back abruptly, a look of happy surprise on his face. His bright forest green eyes were alight with mirth and his smile was infectious, making Castiel smile too. "I can make that happen," the man promises solemnly. It should sound threatening, but it doesn't. He reaches out a hand to Castiel. "I'm Dean, by the way." Castiel slides his palm against Dean's cooler one, and it feels way more intimate than it should, shuddering when Dean reverently places his other over the back of Cas’s hand like he'd just given Dean a gift of some sort. If he has, he is unaware of what it could be."I'm Cas-" is all he gets out before Dean intertwines their fingers and turns, pulling Cas close to his backside as they disappear through the masses of dancing and drinking people and out into the cool night air.
Sam grins, "I've heard a lot about you too. You seem like a good guy."
He's never been more thankful in his life for his addiction to coffee that brought him into the cafe that day.
Dean slides back up into Cas’s arms and rests his head against his heaving chest. They both sound like they just ran a marathon, but God, it was worth it. For several minutes, they just lay there in the relative silence, coming down from their highs.
"Oh, shut up, Dean. That threat hasn't worked since sixth grade."
"You could've called first," Dean pipes up sarcastically. Scared or not, he's never backed down from a fight, and he's not about to start now. He's a grown man, he can deal with this. Probably.
What's it doing outside the hive, though? Do bees get cold? He remembers when he was a kid that he found a snake out in the road, it had just stopped moving even though it was in a dangerous spot. His dad's friend Bobby had told him it was because it had gotten too cold and the snake hadn't made it back to shelter in time.
Dean grins, "Me either, but it's definitely one for the grandkids." Shit.  He realizes his mistake immediately. Fuck. "Uh, I mean, you know. Separately." Heat fills his cheeks again, this time not having anything to do with arousal or embarrassment. "Uh, anyway, I'm starving, you want to find somewhere to eat?"
I adore feedback, so if you feel moved please feel free to leave a comment. I love hearing from you guys! <3
Dean nods with a grin on his face. "So rules for playtime? You realize that makes us sound like toddlers, right?"
Cas kisses him on the lips and pulls away again, "Yes, you are. Now, how about breakfast?"
"I see someone who is kind and generous. Someone that lives in an emotional storm and is still standing. I see someone that's strong. Someone brave and smart and caring. Who's sweet, and adorable, and endearingly sensitive. I see someone that thinks the very worst of himself when it isn't true at all. I see someone that I'm proud to call my boyfriend. I see you, Dean. And I'm right here. Do you understand?"
"True.” Dean paused and rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly, “You know, thanks for coming out."
"Are you alright?"
"God, you are perfect," Castiel murmurs, and Dean twitches. Castiel moves in front of Dean and sets the toys there on the carpet. He drops to his knees in front of Dean, looking up at his beautiful boy, all tethered and aching for him. He runs his hand lightly up Dean's upper thigh and
Dean whimpers and tries not to rock his hips into the fold of Cas's fist. He's jerking him too lightly to do anything, but it feels so good. Whimpers fall from his lips when Cas's hand disappears, and Dean has to bite his lip to stifle his noises. He hears a click and a low buzzing. He doesn't connect the sound to reality until there's something soft and buzzing on the underside of his cock, and Dean shrieks, arching his back and struggling against his bindings. The sensation pulls away, and Cas's voice brings him back to earth. "Color, Dean."
He shrieks as Cas strokes him fiercely, and Dean flies off the cliff this time and cums all over his chest, shooting white streaks everywhere. He's swamped by his fourth goddamn orgasm of the night. He's bucking his hips wildly as he cums to match Cas's thrusts, nearly throwing Cas off, but that just makes him fuck harder into Dean's ass.
As the cool material of the blindfold slips over his face, Cas asks, "What is your safeword, kitten?"
"I want you... Is that wrong?" Dean wiggles his hips against Cas.
"I'm always down for food," Dean says in absolute seriousness, making Cas laugh.
"No." The soft authoritative word made Castiel freeze. What?
"Thanks for the compliment, sweetie, but I'm pretty sure my girlfriend would be mad if I tried to take you home. But it's tempting. You're a cutie."
with a sex-induced deepness, and Dean obeys, freezing as Cas lets go of his hips. Two thumbs plunge into his hole and tug on his rim, opening him up to Cas's mouth, and Dean groans at the drag of stubble on his cheeks, and then his heart stops. Cas thrusts his tongue into Dean's hole in between his thumbs and curls it upward, teasing at his rim, and Dean's mouth drops open, uncaring of how he looks.
"Daddy?"
He whimpered, "Alpha." The rumbling growl in his ear went straight to Castiel's penis, and now he was achingly hard, rutting against Dean's thigh without even thinking about it. "Again, Omega."
Next to last chapter. Ready for the boys to meet yet? I am. :)
Dean's sleeping. Castiel's not sure exactly what to do. Perhaps he should not let Dean know that he sees Dean sucking his thumb? Should he wake him? He doesn't want to. He's perfectly content sitting here holding him. The need to have the Little talk is becoming more and more of a pressing need. He's not sure how Dean would take it though, and he doesn't want to ass anything else to his already overfull plate. But he doesn't like keeping things from him. He should at least introduce the idea. Castiel looks down at his boy, still rubbing his hand over Dean's strong back, thinking. He does love this man. It's not right to keep things from him. Castiel needs to tell him. But when? Later tonight? Surely not when he wakes up, he'll be disoriented enough as it is. Unless Castiel is mistaken, in times of anxiety and panic, Dean slips into his form of a little space anyway, which is what he believes happened a few minutes ago. As soon as his thumb was in his mouth he calmed down some and he was asleep a few minutes later. As he thinks more about when to broach the subject to Dean, he begins to sing. It's the same melody he sang to him after their session recently, one Dean seemed to like.
Cas was so close now that Dean could feel his exhaled breaths on his skin. "When you asked me to come with you-you said it was only for the night. But now..." Dean growled possessively without thinking about it. He buried his face into the crook of Cas's neck, his teeth scraping across the skin there. "You're mine, Cas. Not going anywhere, baby." He smelled a faint frisson of fear but it was tinged with Cas's happy smell too. Dean growled again and bit gently, exerting his will to keep from leaving a mating mark. He didn't break the skin, he didn't taste Cas's blood in his mouth, but god did he want to. He could almost taste the slick velvety slide of wet lifeblood sliding across his tongue and down... Mmm. He knew Cas's blood would taste amazing, probably like ambrosia to a vamp if he tasted anything like he smelled. "Dean, your fangs." Cas whimpered against his ear."Sorry." He breathed and made them retract. He hadn't even realized they'd slid out he'd been so caught up. "No. It's okay." Cas leaned his head back and completely exposed his throat to Dean, surprising the hell out of him. Did Cas even realize what he'd just done? That this was an extremely submissive gesture.
climbs up on top of Cas, settling his ass above Cas's crotch. Cas groans and shifts in his sleep. His eyes open slowly, and he smiles at Dean. Cas's stubble makes him look sexy and fucked-out for some reason. He raises his head, looking all the way down to where their bodies meet, and he throws his head back against the mattress, eyeing Dean with a lazy smirk.
This was their livelihood, and they would not close their shops during the very peak of the tourist season just because Zachariah assured them it was a sin to aid such drunkenness and debauchery. They needed the money to keep their businesses afloat, and Castiel did not begrudge them that. He didn't think it was a sin. Fat Tuesday was his favorite and most hated day of the year actually. It was his favorite because of all the sights and smells and the festivities. They all looked so inviting.
Castiel raises and slides back down luxuriously. Dean lets out a long, drawn-out moan, and then they’re fucking in earnest. Castiel increases his speed until he’s bouncing on Dean’s cock and pleasure is lighting up inside him.
"Really, Cas?"
"I - Um-"
. He didn't know Cas would be so picky about a friggin' trenchcoat of all things. They'd been in four different clothing stores already and none of the coats they had found had been good for Cas. "This one's lapels are odd, I don't like it." "It's very grey, Dean." "I don't think having a coat hanging down to my ankles is very smart considering the work we do. That seems dangerous." "Why would it have red buttons?" "Dean, that coat is
Dean yells the only thing he really
"Uh, not really at all," Dean wonders if he should even be here.
Sam looks up with a bit of a grin, "I uh, hacked your cellphone, and traced the signal."
"I don't know, I'm just not alright, I guess."
The Impala eats away at the road, and the miles rush by him. Dean’s home before he knows it. Pulling into his driveway has a heavy ball of dread settling into his stomach. This is going to be the hard part. He promised himself that he’d call Cas when he got home. He’d thought the five hours and 350 miles would give him time to figure things out, but it had only given him time to be anxious. First things first, get inside and change clothes. Dean hadn’t brought any with him, so he’d been wearing some of Bobby’s old stuff on his “vacation”. It’d been fine while he was there, but
Castiel is excited. Too much, probably. Dean's on his way here, and they're going to scene together. Well, that's the plan. It's possible Dean will get nervous and not want to go through with it, and if so, then that's fine. Castiel will be a little disappointed, but not in Dean, just that they will not get to experience that together. He's sure that Dean will enjoy it if they scene. If they scene. Dear heavens, what a sentence. Nerves thrum through him and make his hands tremor minutely. That's not how it will be when they scene.
"Why do you call me that?"
“An explanation,” Castiel offers, and Dean nods.
Castiel arches an eyebrow. "Have I left you hanging yet?"
"Do you like what you see?"
"Yes! Just like that! Good, baby boy, good! So perfect taking my cock like that!" Cas groans loudly, and his hips stutter, and he stills in Dean's ass as he cums.
"You already have shoes. Do you want them off?"
"I'm sorry..."
Cas nods as if to say 'that explains a few things' and continues rubbing Dean's thigh through his jeans. Then the hand is gone, and so is the comforting warmth that was spiraling through him at the contact. Cas stands up and walks to the other side of the booth, encouraging Dean to scootch over and let Cas sit down. When Cas is seated, he leans forward until they're nearly nose to nose.
"I mean..." Castiel pauses. "Do you want me to -  Is there any way I can help? We don't have to talk about it, but if you need anything, I'm here."
"Yes." Castiel interrupts with a grin.
Through gritted teeth, Castiel says, “Not until you’re in me. I’m ready. Impudent boy.”
The title sends a little zing of happiness through him and he nods. "I'm fine, honey. Daddy's just tired, that's all."
"Sam?" Castiel's surprised, to say the least, and confused.
with lust and whispers, "Sir."
Dean looks up at Cas then back down. His thumb strokes across Dean's cheekbone in a reassuring gesture.
His lungs feel like they're collapsing in on themselves. Footsteps sound, and then there are people running toward him. He reaches blindly and he finds a handful of Cas. He leans into him, and it takes a moment for it to connect that Cas sat next to him, and is now holding him. Words are murmured into his ear, but he can't make it out. The sound of the blood rushing in his ears sounds like ocean waves and he wants nothing more than to be able to catch his breath. He just wants to breathe.
"Wow, Cas." He says softly, not wanting to speak too loudly in case he scares the bees. Cas warned him about that. If they perceive him as a threat, they could attack. Dean doesn't like getting bee-stung. His boyfriend is so talented and smart.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Sir, please!"
"She?" Dean whispers as he watches the bee crawl around in his hand. It doesn't feel as bad as he thought it would. "Yes, she. All worker honey bees are females. Males are only used for breeding."
"This has been amazing. You'll be hearing from me soon. Goodbye, Dean."
"Ah, uh, sorry. Hi. I'm c-calling to make an appointment?" It comes out more of a question, and Dean winces. Dammit. He hates making appointments.
"Yes. Yes, Sir. Only for you. Please? I want you to... to take charge."
"That his son is dating a man. That makes me weak to him."
"Thanks, Cas. I could say the same for you."
his hole for the 1000th time since they started. Dean’s been teasing Castiel; raking his nails over his ass cheeks, sucking against his hole, licking him, stroking his cock now and then, but it’s never
"Now, baby boy, you have a choice to make. You're already loose-" He proves this by rubbing his finger around Dean's hole and slipping it inside, using the teasing ruse to spread lube inside of Dean.
Dean’s trembling; wrapped all-around a sleeping Cas in the rumpled bed and trying to keep from rocking his hips. His dick is so hard, leaking in his boxers. He hasn’t opened his eyes yet for fear that even that will set him off. He’d been doing fine up until now, but his dreams have been getting more intense lately. Waking up wrapped around his super sexy boyfriend every morning wasn’t helping his usual erections but he’s been able to just get up and deal with it until now. He’s trapped where he is. Cas is on his back and Dean’s damn near on top of him, straddling his leg and their chests nearly in line with each other. He’s swaddled in arms and blankets. It’s tucked around and under him, so he can’t get up without waking Cas. God, he can’t get the dream out of his head.
"Dean?"
He knows exactly how hard to swing, exactly how hard to push, taking a submissive to places they didn't even know they wanted to visit. He knows how to test limits, how to keep his submissive guessing, but assure them at the same time that he will do nothing to put them in danger. It's a fine line to walk, and Castiel walks it well. He knows this from years of experience and much practice. After some time, he can make Dean quiver and shake in anticipation and pleasure at the very sound of his voice or the touch of his hand on a bare shoulder. When he's domming, Castiel is clear and clean, and confident. He's sure in his steps, in his walk. His voice demands respect and submission.
“That was a really good way to wake up, but don’t think I won’t make you wait for another orgasm, sassy boy.”
like that don't get to have you, you understand me?" Castiel growls against Dean's mouth. Dean moans, and shoves his hips against Castiel as best he can since he's pinned to the pillar, "Yes!"
"You keep asking me that. I continue to assure you that I do, despite only having known you for what? An hour? I trust you. Show me." A flash of an unreadable expression crossed his face but it was gone before Castiel could identify it. "Alright. Just... Be prepared, okay? Here goes nothing." Or everything, Castiel thought. It could be everything. He didn't know why he felt that way but he did. Dean closed his eyes and breathed in deeply. A soft growl escaped his throat and then a layer(?) of very sharp white teeth slid over in front of his normal ones. They were long and sharp, and there were many of them. They weren't like normal teeth at all. Castiel felt his heart start to beat wildly and he had to take a deep breath (or two) in order to gain control again. Dean was looking at him, those sharp green eyes assessing him, and ultimately unreadable. Okay. Okay. Vampires are real. Vampires are real. And apparently ghosts and werewolves and a nasty assortment of other things. Okay.
The sunshine was warm on his skin, and the pavement hot under his feet, but he barely paid it any mind. He and his step-father Zachariah were walking down the sidewalk, Castiel following obediently, and silently as he was supposed to. He only had half an ear on what Zachariah was saying, he had heard it many times before after all. Just the usual about how humanity would burn and be purified by His holy plan, and how they must prepare as many as possible for the coming end of days. Instead of focusing on the repetitive deluge of the many blasphemies of humanity, Castiel turned his mind to more pleasant things, like taking in the French Quarter and the bustling life around him.
Dean's confused, and a small ounce of jealously curls around his ribs for a second before he gets it. He grins, bad feeling banished, and yells, "Polo!"
attractive, you know.”
Dean chortles when Sam punches his arm as he turns the key and the engine begins to rumble.
When Castiel wakes the next morning, Cain is gone, but that’s alright. Castiel rolls over onto his left side and spots a glass of water and a note lying on his nightstand. In Cain’s spidery handwriting, it says, “
Dean shakes his head with a small grin. "You're ridiculous," He sighs, "Come on."
"I'm not a god, no. But I have been called an angel. If you stick around long enough, you'll find out why. I hope you stick."
He woke up warm and in Dean's arms. Sunshine was shining through the window, but it hadn't reached the bed. It was just ambient light, and it made for a very pretty view. Branches from glorious cypress trees were illuminated by sunlight right outside the window, and Castiel could hear birds as well as the bustling of the street. He decided it was the best way he had ever woken up. Warm breath was puffing across the back of his neck and a hand was playing lazily along his hip. "Good morning, sunshine."
"I know. But I find it adorable." Dean rolls his eyes but likes the compliment regardless. "Are you sure you wanna go with me? I mean... it's a lot, you know?"
"Yes, baby boy. Be still for me. Close your eyes. Don't open them until I say." Dean complies immediately. He trusts Cas with his life. He's not going to hurt Dean. "I most certainly am not. I'm going to make you feel pleasure you've only dreamt of, baby boy."
"Bees."
Cas chuckles, but he also narrows his eyes after a moment before stepping all into Dean's personal space. They're nearly nose to nose now, and Cas seems imposing all of a sudden.
Cas's eyes snap open, and suddenly those blazing baby blues are focused on him with a righteous passion Dean cannot even begin to understand. Cas pulls out slowly, so goddammed slow that Dean swears he might die of old age before Cas is finished toying with him. Then he slams back home again, making Dean see starbursts in his vision.
"No, he can stay. He's kind of my support system at the moment."
Dean clasps his chest overdramatically and says, "Oh my god! You got a reference! Lookit you, you're coming up in the world, old man." Dean meant it as a joke, but Cas just hums and leans back in his chair.
"I've never met anybody like you, you know that?"
KAL and mea, and critterdee_67 and those of you that commented on my earlier chapters, I love y'all too. <3
"What's wrong, Dean?"
"Cas?" He calls in a loud voice and locates his toothpaste with blind hands, not paying a bit of attention as he shoves it in his bag, still staring at the pacifier in his hand. Isn't it a little big for a baby? Dean can't be sure. He barely remembers Sam using a pacifier. As a kid, Sam had always had his thumb in his mouth.
Dean looks up from his plate, where he’d been polishing off his lunch, surprised. It melts into an easy grin. “Yeah, that’d be cool I guess.”
"Of course, sweet boy. Thank you for being honest with me." Cas pulls his fingers out with a gentle glide, and Dean whines. He doesn't realize quite how insistently he whined until Cas is hushing him.
“I just… I guess I wanted to know if there was a chance that this wasn’t over.”
He had hated Louisiana at first. Castiel had missed the snow, and the chill of Michigan, with its beautiful clear lakes and large hemlock and fir trees. But then after a year or so he had really opened his eyes and observed New Orleans for what it truly was. A magnificent landscape of human passion and hard work soaked in the very essence of human life. New Orleans very structure spoke of sex, and love, and secrets, almost magical in quality, dark and inviting and sensual and absolutely breathtaking. Even when the city was devastated by natural disaster and nearly destroyed, the people always came together and rebuilt their lives again, never losing the inviting Old World charm of the Quarter or the breathtakingly vibrant quality of life.
Dean knows that Cas didn't mean the words the way they sounded to Dean, but they warm him anyway. He feels like he has sunshine sitting under his ribs. It's a nice feeling.
Dean rubs his hand over Castiel's chest, "And so this was just, what?"
"Good morning, baby boy. How're you feeling?"
"Fuck, Sir."
, he's so screwed. Of everything he could've lost, he had to lose his friggin' wallet? Obviously, it had to be his wallet. Out of everything he carries with him that's the one thing Dean actually needs.
Castiel recognizes that he just referred to his house as both of their homes, but Dean says nothing as he looks around at the families and groups of young people enjoying their food at various tables. But when he winces again at the shrill cry of a toddler, he says, "Actually, that might be a good idea.
The words are all Dean needs to completely give up the ghost of trying to hold back his orgasm, and he slams himself down against Cas's cock and tries to thrust forward into his hand in the same motion. It's not perfect, but it's fucking fantastic. Cas brings his hand down on his ass a final time, and Dean tenses, throwing his head back as all the fire building in his belly comes to a peak, and he's thrown over the edge. "Fuck, yes, Dean!"
Gadreel looks down at his watch, which Castiel notices has a broken face. "About thirty minutes ago, sir. He's very vicious. We didn't know he is such an experienced fighter."
Castiel wonders if Dean reverted on purpose, but he doubts it. Dean wouldn't do that around strangers and let himself be vulnerable. More than likely it was a response to all the stress. Involuntary regression. Taking a deep breath, Castiel tries to catch up to Dean mentally.
It was hot outside and the mall was packed full of people and Dean could sympathize with sardines that got packed into cans. He was feeling like a sardine. A hot, sweaty, irritated sardine.
Cas!" Dean screams as he goes over again, and then Cas starts fucking him in earnest again. Oh, hell. Oh no! He can't stop cumming. Cas is fucking into him with a savage wildness that is setting Dean's very bones on fire. Pounding his ass just like Dean wanted him to, but now he has no control. He can't stop this. Dean spasming around Cas rhythmically, and it's only several moments later that there's a work-roughened hand grasping at his aching, leaking, slick cock.
"I- It's not-" Dean stammered.
Castiel chuckles. That's the longest sentence Dean's said in a while.
Castiel laughs. "Not cute, hmm? I beg to differ."
D: whats up man
"You're just amazing Cas. And I'm not. No, I know what you're going to say, but this feels... valid to me." That strips away the rebuttal Castiel had on his tongue. Instead of arguing, he just lays his cheek against Dean's hair, listening.
Dean laughed aloud. "I just need you to sit up, sweetheart. I'm going to bring it to you."
"I'm fine, dude, I swe-"
"Yes, I do."
The many colored beads, and the young people pumping life into the city, all the colors and swirling lights and the excited screaming of frivolity and fun, it excited him and made him want to join in. But that was also the reason he hated Mardi Gras so much. He was never allowed to join in. He could only watch and try to convince them that what they were doing was a sin. It made him sick, and he was incredibly envious of the partygoer's ability to drink and play and enjoy life like he was unable to. Zachariah would beat him bloody if he knew that Castiel wanted that, that's why he had never breathed a word of it out loud.
"Sir. Too sensitive.
Cas reaches for something on the shelf, and Dean lets his head loll against him. Cas comes back with a washcloth that he wets and covers in some sort of spicy-smelling soap, then he starts washing Dean. He rubs the soapy cloth over his neck and down the valleys of his chest. Then over his arms and even his hands. Cas is being so patient and gentle, and it's lulling Dean to sleep. This man is too sweet. Dean bites his lip when Cas starts rubbing the cloth over his inner thighs. Cas chuckles in his ear.
"Will you go to your door?" Castiel hopes the answer is yes.
"Mmm, hello." Cas's voice is thick like warm honey and deep like thunder. He snuggles closer, wiggling his butt against Cas's crotch until he's completely encased in warmth from the top of his head to the bottom of his feet that he's placing against Cas's legs. Cas wraps his arm around Dean tightly, and pulls him even closer, muttering something too low for Dean to hear.
"So, wait, is that a yes?"
returns a wallet with
Dean gasps and moans, "Sir!" as Cas grinds into his prostate again, producing another glob of cum that he feels sliding down his length. Dean finally stops twitching, and he can hear Cas panting above him, Dean's doing his own panting.
He asks finally after an uncomfortable moment of staring. He just wants to go lay down. He feels like crap.
Cas has been dropping hints all week about his surprise, and Dean's beside himself with excitement.
"Off in your head somewhere, sweet boy?"
Whatever sound it is that comes from Dean is a negative one, and it makes Castiel chuckle. So instead of forcing Dean to get down, Castiel just sits on the wide rim of the tub. He plants his feet for stability and uses his right hand to start running the water and pulling the switch that will close the drain so the tub will fill up. With the way he's sitting, it's his left arm that's keeping Dean pressed against him, not the fact that he's sitting in his lap.
"You and I are or are going to be boyfriends. We're dating. My other relationships were more like working relationships. I cared for each of my subs, and they for me. But those feelings didn't extend beyond affection and respect. We each got what we needed out of our time together. You're different. Our circumstances are different."
Teeth nip the shell of his ear, and Dean leans back into Cas, relaxing into the warm words and body behind him. "I endeavor to show you those things, but a physical reminder of it can be a wonderful way to remember. I want you to be mine, Dean. Ever since I first laid eyes on you, I knew I wanted you to be mine, and now here we are. So what do you say, baby boy? Do you want to help me pick out your collar?"
They ate and hung out. Cas showed Dean his beehives and his garden, both of which had been cooler than he would've thought they'd be. They'd even played a board game, which Dean had won, then Cas had challenged him to a game of Twister, which had not ended well for Dean. Being that close to Cas, and at some points being wrapped around him, had been terrible for his libido. He'd had to excuse himself a couple of different times to go calm down. Cas had just smirked knowingly and let him.
"Dean Winchester!"
Dean nods, "All the lights were off, the door unlocked. It was weird. Not like you, you know?"
Dean yells as he slams his hands down into the Impala's steering wheel. He takes a ragged, deep breath, trying to soothe the knot of anxiety and unreasonable rage sitting balled up underneath his ribs, right above his pounding heart. He rubs his hand over the Impala's dash, murmuring to her like she's a person, something his little brother Sam never fails to make fun of him for. "I'm sorry, Baby. That was stupid; I didn't mean it."
Cas nuzzled his face against his shirt much like a puppy or a child would. It was adorable, frankly, and Dean couldn't help but smile at the gesture. This was his Cas. Sweet, adorable, bad ass, nothing-phased-him Cas. He apparently thought the sun shone out of Dean's ass, but that was fine with him. Cas knew Dean enough to know that wasn't true but didn't care anyway. He loved him like that.
"What all do you see that needs to be done?" Mr. Zega-borscht says, and Dean is silent for a moment, looking it over as he walks around towards the front to check out the engine. He rattles off the problems as he mentally tallies up the price, even though he knows Benny's already doing it.
His own haunted expression told him that, not that he could really remember the last time he'd looked in a mirror. Oh, wait! Yeah, he could. It had been about three weeks ago, he's seen himself in a window. It had been at that bakery about a mile from his little hideout here. The on that the scruffy guy with the funny accent hung out in. The man had been nice and had given Dean a bowl of soup without asking for anything in return. Dean had been really wary of it, but he liked to think he was good at reading people, and the guy had been nothing but nice and friendly so Dean had accepted. They'd sat a table inside the little restaurant for close to half an hour before Dean had gone back to Sammy, carrying a thin container of molasses candy in his pocket.
John laughs, "Yeah, respect. After seeing what he's been up to? I've seen you, boy. Fucking another man, or more likely being fucked. You always were a pussy, even as a kid. I thought I whipped that outta you, but I guess it's time for another lesson." John takes a half step forward.
"Any odder than 'baby boy'?" He jokes, a small smile gracing his face.
"I have no doubts you could, but you shouldn't have to. I'm here. I'm your partner, and I'm here for you through thick and thin."
"We need lube," Dean says, and Cas nods. They momentarily release each other to grab the lube and resituate themselves. The wet slide of fingers against their skin has them both rocking and moaning. Aided with further lubrication, it doesn't take long for both of them to be gasping their pleasure aloud.
"Uh, man, does it really matter? We've got it, and that's that."
"It's time for you to learn why I'm called an angel. Are you ready?"
"You really love him don't you?" Sam's voice is awe-filled.
Fuck. Cas's voice is low and gravelly. Dean bets he's turned on. God, after all this, he hopes he is.
"I'm not perfect. Not even close."
Dean nods and opens his eyes, finding Cas's blue ones looking at him from only a few inches away. Dean can feel the heat of his body. "I am now."
"I do love you like this," Cas says as he inserts another finger, teasing Dean. "You're beautiful."
"Yeah - Yes, Sir?" He corrects himself, looking back over his shoulder at his smirking boyfriend. "Do you remember how we started our scene last time?"
Dean comes out of the steamy bathroom and welcomes the cool blast of air conditioning on his hot skin. There's nothing better than a hot shower and then walking out into a cool room.
"I mean, yeah, I get it. Mostly."
The apartment is silent in his absence. Dean had sent him to Bobby's several weeks ago. Dean refuses to think it's because he can't provide for him, but he knows it's true. It's easier to think that Sam just likes visiting with their faux-uncle Bobby. Which, while true, Dean knows they'd both rather if they were together. They've never spent so much time apart, not even when he was with Lisa. Sam always came with him. The absence of his dorky little brother sends an ache spiraling through his chest and he cannot adult anymore today. He's done with it.
He scanned the area around the car before discovering why Cas had gasped. Zachariah was standing on the sidewalk looking pissed and staring right at Baby like he knew Cas was in here. He really shouldn't be able to tell it was Cas, Dean'd gotten the windows tinted so the sun wouldn't bother him if he had to drive during the day, but Zachariah was friggin' freaky. Dean wouldn't be surprised if he was some sort of mutant or something. Maybe there was some troll blood in there or something, that would explain a lot. "Dean, may I roll down the window?" Dean glanced over at him, surprised, but then put his eyes back on the traffic in front of him. "Sure, Cas." Then Cas did something Dean would never forget, no matter how long he lived.
He bends a little at the waist and squints at the fridge, hoping something delicious will magically appear. Sadly, the food fairy doesn't do him any favors and nothing appears.
"Dean, you know that's not something we have to do, I don't-"
"Was this about what happened this morning?"
Castiel blinks against the onslaught of emotions whirling through him.
"Of course. Goodbye."
"Hey, Cas?"
"Oh yeah. You've been talking my ear off this entire time about this
"The bees dance?"
He leans into the back seat and grabs his overnight bag. He's not sure how long he'll be here, but Dean's got everything he needs. He and Cas went over aftercare pretty thoroughly, and Cas already seems to know what Dean needs even when he doesn't, so he's not worried about that. Cas made him bring some stuff he finds comforting. That wasn't exactly a long list, but whatever.
She laughs and raises an eyebrow.
"I want you to answer the damn question!"
"Bye, Cas. I'll talk to you later, I guess." Dean calls as he walks away. Damn. Cas is wearing tight black jeans that accentuate certain assets. A perfect ass. He hates to see Cas go, but damn, Dean loves to watch him leave.
"Good boy. Look at you. You're all spread out and open for me. Color?"
"Answer me, boy." Cas twists the plug, and Dean gasps.
He just gives a sardonic laugh. "I'd call it a nightmare, yeah. But it's not anything to do with you, Cas. It's just some personal bullshit with me."
"Take care of him," He says before he enters the building again. He can't see, it's dark in the hallway now, and he can feel the bile rising in his throat. He starts to run because he's going to be sick. He sprints through the door marked 'bathroom' and just barely makes it to the toilet before all the food he's eaten since the third grade is coming up and into the porcelain bowl. He retches and wheezes until nothing but bile is coming up, then it's over. He slumps against the bathroom stall wall and slides down until he's sitting, his legs extended out in front of him. He's sweaty and shaken, almost frail. Dean wipes a hand across his sweaty forehead and tries to take a deep breath, but he can't breathe.
"That's kind of kinky, Cas. Mmm, I like it." Cas gasped loudly as Dean nipped at the middle of the bruise on the puncture marks. "I can see that." He pulled away and looked at Cas. His face was flushed and his black hair was everywhere and his eyes were bright, but he looked exhausted. "Tired, Cas?" He nodded slowly. Dean wrapped his arms around Cas's waist and pulled him flush up against his body. "You're staying with me, sunshine. Come on. You need to eat something before you can pass out."
“That was unbelievable,” Dean says in surprise at House’s diagnosis.
Dean wakes up slowly, relishing the way his body feels. He's warm and content, and he feels at peace, which is kind of a first for him. Somehow during the night, he got turned around to where he's facing away from Cas. His arms are wrapped around Dean's shoulders, and he's tucked in close. This feels so right, he can't even describe it. It really shouldn't feel this right. He's known Cas, what? Three days? Technically four? It's nowhere near enough, but it feels like it's been years. A murmur of his name against his shoulder blade brings him back to the present.
“Keep me waiting and I’ll show you just how bossy I can be, boy.” Even with his head buried in the pillow, Castiel hears Dean gulp from behind him and allows himself a small smirk. It’s so easy to get him all hot and bothered. But God, this is good. His skin is flushed and he’s sweating but the air conditioner is blowing, chilling him at the same time. He hears the click of a lube bottle behind him and then lets out an easy sigh as one of Dean’s fingers eases its way inside of him. Castiel had stretched himself out a bit in the shower for preparation’s sake, but the gentle ache of having someone else do it was wonderful. After another moment, Dean adds another finger, and Castiel groans, pushing his ass back against Dean’s hand. He’s always been greedy when it comes to sex. He wants more,
“Sir!”
"No, actually, my car's making a squealing sound when I press the gas."
Dean rolls his eyes and huffs, "Well, that's one way to put it, I guess. Did JARVIS compliment you? You're friggin' hot, Cas."
. Casting a glance up at Cas, who's smirking, Dean types out a reply.
Dean doesn't have a guest room, so he just lets Sam crash on his couch. They catch up some more, shoot the shit, and generally just have a good time for a few hours before the situation sobers them both up a little.
Uh, whoa. Did Cas mean that the way Dean was taking it? That would be... a little scary but a lot awesome.
a little voice whispers in his mind.
Dean laughs and looks back at her as she hands him his change. "I think I'd smack me too."
"Did I tell you possessiveness is a kink of mine?" Dean asks.
"Are you?" Castiel looks up at him.
Yesterday Dean had provided a much-needed distraction from the stress of the trial that's been plaguing his family with angst and unwanted hope for a good outcome. Finding Dean's wallet on the sidewalk had merely been an accident, but Castiel doesn't believe in coincidences.
to try something."
"You're adorable, you know that?"
"Sir?" He asks.
Damn. Is this guy like the god of sex or something? Dean wants him.
"I'm going to walk you backward now. You won't hit anything."
“You’re just mad cause I’d let him get it any day.”
"Sounds like it, Judge Judy." Cas tilts his head and stares at Dean with a gaze that seems to go right through him. "You make a lot of television references. Not even good television, I might add."
Soft mewls spill over his tongue, and he can't help it. Cas is suddenly back again, and his arms wrap around Dean, maneuvering him onto his side, facing Cas, he thinks. Dean doesn't have the energy to even open his eyes, so he's just guessing. Warm breath washing over his face tells him he's right.
"Yes, Sir. Please fuck me."
Dean smiles widely. Nothing's better than getting complimented on his car. Okay, well, he could think of a few things that would be better. Most of them involve Cas on his knees with his plush lips wrapped around his-
"Yes. The bees dance. It's really quite beautiful to watch. To me, anyhow. Not everyone feels the same."
"Me too," Castiel smiles too, though his is a little more mischievous, "Now, are you ready to play, sweet boy?"
"Sir!" He whines, unable to hold it back.
"What can I getcha, hon?" She asks again, and he remembers he was here for coffee. He squints at the menu above her for a second before ordering a number three.
"Mmm, you taste so good, Cas." He rumbled and was very pleased when he heard Cas's heart quite literally jump start. He grinned predatorily and backed off of Cas enough to look him in the eyes. The blue pools were nearly gone, Cas's pupils were so lust-blown. He couldn't resist leaning in and biting his plump bottom lip again. He was very happy with the image it left. Tiny, and one big, marks up the left side of his neck, his lips were swollen and his face flushed. Dean had done that. He looked debauched and Dean frikken loved it. "How was that for a first kiss?" Cas took a deep breath and his hands dropped to Dean's shoulders. After a moment he cocked his head to the side slightly and looked up at Dean.
Cas rests his forehead against Dean's, "I love you too."
I'm basing his experience off my own because I feel like so often mental health is ignored and pushed over for something physical. No matter who you are, or what your mental situation is, you're deserving of love and of someone like Cas. I hope you guys are enjoying it so far. :)
Dean cums with a howl, and Castiel jerks inside his clenching muscles with his own release, moaning softly at the feeling of Dean spasming around his length. Dean's head falls to his shoulder as he finally stops twitching, and he's panting warm breath onto Castiel's heated skin. Castiel runs his hand up Dean's back, rubbing soothingly.
"It's okay. We can get through this."
"Lying is a punishable offense, baby boy. I expect honesty from you,
"I'm surprised you remember that. Yeah, uh, it was me. And to answer the question, it's complicated."
"Yeah. I was looking at you earlier-"
"Two?"
“Sweet and innocent, my ass. Maybe once. But now? You’re a bossy bottom, Dean Winchester.”
Dean nods. "I appreciate that. Sorry."
"Oh." Castiel murmured. This was going to be difficult.
"Uh, Cas?"
"You-"
"Come hell or high water?"
while I do it myself,” Castiel hisses and he feels Dean smile as he pulls away, chuckling, “Alright, alright. Bossy.”
"Okay..."
The man's eyebrows raise in surprise, and he smirks as he lets go of Dean's hand. "Do you always slur all your words together, or are you intoxicated?"
Was little Castiel nervous? Good. Dean kind of liked it. Moonlight was streaming through the window so Cas should be able to see him but he still jumped when Dean wrapped his fingers around his wrist. "Bed."  With a flurry of movements, Dean got Cas on the bed and beside him in a few seconds.
"God, yes. Please, Sir. I need something. Please don't tease. Please - I need-"
He still has no idea what he's going to tell Cas, but he's cold out here now and the rush of adrenaline that's faded away has left his eyes drooping and his limbs heavy. He closes the sliding glass door behind him and wrinkles his lip in dislike at the feel of the cold dew against his toes on the hardwood floor. He silently heads to the bedroom, being careful to not make a sound.
"What?"
Castiel smirks as he tortures Dean with the vibrator, running it up over his turgid cock, and around his balls. Castiel leans back on his heels, not ceasing his motion, but takes in the picture before him. Dean is vibrating with need, trembling, and covered in a thin sheen of sweat. His golden skin is flushed and begging to be licked. His cock is leaking a nearly steady stream of pre-cum onto the floor, gasping and whining on every breath as he thrusts his hips abortively into the air. Castiel is perfectly content on his knees here, watching Dean come apart under his hands.
He tightens his arms around Dean and they're squeezed even closer and Dean loves it. He makes a noise of contentment and settles against Cas even more.
Cas groans, "I've been waiting to hear that word all day. I have to ask," He pulls back until they're not touching, and Dean feels a second of rejection before Cas is stroking a thumb across his cheekbone, "It's alright. I just want to ask: how far are you wanting to go? I'm fine with whatever you decide, and I'm not going to push you into anything, Dean. You need to know that."
Dean has a praise kink, and he doesn't like negative talk like 'cock slut' or 'little whore.' Sex feels good, and it's not wrong to feel good. Cas agrees with him, thankfully. Dean's safeword is Shinedown since all he thinks when he hears them playing is 'No.'
"Let me stop you there-"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Yes, Dean?"
They'd have to find a new place before winter though, Dean didn't have a way to heat this place, not without risking killing them both in a fire. There'd been a few musty blankets in a closet that Dean had found. They smelled like smoke but they were in mostly good condition, and not too thin. Their bed consisted mostly of just old flour sacks stuffed with grass but Dean thought it had been pretty good thinking on his part. He used a couple of the blanket to cover the rough texture of the bags, and he and Sammy covered up with the rest. It suited them just fine he guessed. He could only be thankful that Sammy had grown up in it so he didn't know it wasn't right that they lived like this. In a couple more years, maybe just one more, Sam would start asking questions. Questions Dean didn't want to answer, ones he wanted to avoid at all costs. Questions that would make Dean feel guilty. He was doing the best he could, but he knew it wasn't enough. He just knew it. Sam's hollow eyes and visible ribs told him that.
Cas groans. Dean's not sure how pleasurable that is, but Cas likes it.
Dean looks so blissfully beautiful like this. It's like Dean's soul shines through his very being, and Cas is seeing it. He loves it.
He's barefoot, wearing low-slung grey sweatpants and a black T-shirt that clings to his muscular shoulders. He wasn't really expecting Cas to be built like that. His hair is still crazy; it looks like he's been running his fingers through it.
"Ahh, crap. I need to go get my charger. I left it in the Impala when we came in. This thing is dead." He gestures to his laptop.
Dean blushes under Cas's scrutinizing eyes and ducks his head, "No... No, Sir. I - I wanted you to do it."
"But no note?"
," He breathes, "It's perfect. I've found the perfect coat, I want this one. It's just like the one I had in the beginning. Do you remember?" Dean huffs good-naturedly, "Duh. How could I forget that? It's pretty friggin' memorable ya know, with the light show and all." Cas kind of growls at him and steps into Dean's personal space, gripping his hip bones with a warning squeeze. "Oh, really? That's what makes it memorable?" Dean ducks down and kisses Cas on the mouth before pulling away. "Well, maybe there was this one other thing that stuck out to me. A certain black-haired, blue-eyed angel. I thought he was a dick at first, but he actually turned out to just be a teddy bear with a blade." Cas growls against the skin of Dean's throat.
Sam left for Stanford not too long ago. The hole he left in Dean's heart is still aching with a wailing solitude, but lately, he hasn't been thinking of it as much. He's been thinking of Cas, who, incidentally enough, is carving out his own niche in Dean's heart. Dean's not even sure if Cas knows it or not. He probably does. Cas is a smart bastard like that. Dean perks up when he hears a groan from the bedroom. Cas's morning voice is huskier than usual, "Marco?"
"Do you think you could... I mean, could you, like... Uh-"
"Yes, Sir."
He just flies by the seat of his pants, trying to think of threatening things, but it enrages her, and her face changes into a Vulcan mask or anger.
After universal nods, Sam hurriedly pulls his laptop from the bag and opens it, excitement lit in his eyes.
Castiel nods, "Please tell me when you're uncomfortable, for whatever reason. And remember, we're using the stoplight system for this, so if at any point you want to pause and talk about things, say yellow. I can guarantee you won't need to use red. But just in case, tell me your safe word, sweet boy."
"Dude, you think if I wanted to hurt you I would've waited this long to do it?"
"Mostly burgers and steaks and stuff, but I like to bake. I make pies a lot, it's my favorite thing in the world, almost. I make them better than anyone I know. Just so I can have it anytime I want."
Dean's mind goes kinda blank. Shit. This guy is blunt.
"Fuck," Dean mumbles. That backfired. Then he grins and looks up at Cas. "I guess that makes "baby boy" more accurate, though, huh?"
Dean decided to just get it all out in one go. "Barty and Blondie are dead. Bart's the one that attacked you. He did that shit to your throat and tried to knock you out. I went a little nuts, I didn't mean to kill him, but he deserved it. The kids are taken care of. I had a friend of mine get them. They're fine."
"I called the doctor. I have an appointment soon."
"Okay. I'm sorry."
"I did indeed. I like your beautiful face. I like it a lot..." Castiel lets his lust drip into the words, and he loves the faint blush rising in Dean's cheeks at the suggestion.
Castiel wouldn't compromise Dean's safety by trying to contact him in person, but he still finds himself rereading the report Balthazar sent multiple times. He decides to delve deeper into Dean's finances. Perhaps Castiel could be of more use, and Dean would be a nice project. He could use a distraction, and maybe he'd be doing some good in the world. This would be interesting.
"We shouldn't be this horny, you know," Dean remarks. Cas laughs, and in the darkness, Dean can see his eyes gleaming, "But I love you anyway."
Dean thinks for a moment, not looking up from the floor. It should be something memorable. Hmm...
Dean mewls as Cas's digit glides across his prostate, making his hips buck without permission. "I would like to try something. I swear I will not hurt you. Do you trust me?"
“Yeah,” Castiel shakes his head at himself,  “Yes, okay. The coffee shop? It’s a neutral space.”
"Fries..." Dean bats his eyes innocently and whispers their destination, hoping Cas will relent.
Dean looks gorgeous. Castiel eats him up with his eyes, taking in the flannel and jeans, noticing that they look hastily thrown on. The thought makes him smirk.
"What? Like ghosts and demons?"
In a sappy gesture that Dean decided he didn't care about he placed both his hands on Cas's cheeks, palm to cheek. "Hey. It's alright. Don't worry, okay? We can head back to my place and grab you some clothes to wear, for now, then we'll talk about it." Dean adjusted both their clothes as best he could, and grabbed Cas by the hand to lead him out of the cemetery. "What do we have to talk about?" Cas's curious voice was just that. Curious. Not judgemental or worried, just inquisitive. Shit. Dean had to tell him something didn't he? He hadn't meant to say that like that. "I'll let you know after we get changed man. Don't worry about it." Dean worried about it though. Shit.
at him.
He had never noticed before. He traces the patterns with a fingertip aimlessly for a moment before sighing and closing his eyes, resting his head on his hands, trying to control his emotions. He needs to get back out there and start passing out pamphlets again before Zachariah notices his absence. It's not uncommon for them to be separated during the pandemonium, but it's been a while and he hasn't texted him yet. He should do that actually. That'd give him a little more free time alone before he had to go back. Just as he's thinking that he feels a warm hand on his shoulder. He glances up quickly and is struck by the man's beauty. He's got short brown hair, spiked up in a careless fashion and he's wearing a warm smile that crinkles the sides of his eyes and shows some gleaming sharp canines.
Castiel finds the small shudder shooting through Dean at the words fascinating. He wonders if he could push Dean into submission with 'sweet boy.' It seems to have that effect on him. When he uses the phrase, Dean relaxes, and Castiel can see him visibly un-tense and become more pliant. Castiel will have to use it with care. He doesn't want to accidentally push Dean into a subspace that he's not prepared for. Neither of them is ready for that at this point, he doesn't think.
He finally gets the gown situated, and he sits down on the table. The paper crinkles under him, and he hates it. He glances at Cas for reassurance, and his smile calms Dean somewhat.
At Castiel's silence, Cain hums.
Dean sputters, "What? No, of course not!"
"It was good, Cas. Holy shit," He sighs, "Probably the best orgasm I've ever given myself. Or well, you kinda gave it to me. Whatever, it doesn't matter. That was fudging awesome."
The police's questions take a couple of hours, in which Dean is almost completely incoherent. Cain handles the police with ease, and Castiel's informed by him that he'll pull some strings from the inside to make sure that John doesn't get out for a very long time. Sam decides to take Cain's offer of hospitality and ends up having his car towed to the club. Finally, after yelling at two different people, Castiel's granted permission to take Dean home with the promise that he'll bring him to the station in a couple of days to give his full statement.
"Take me, Cas. I'm yours."
"Sorry! I thought you knew! I only left you like a hundred voicemails. Look, can I help you find Cas?"
said I needed you, b-but you didn’t wake up. I tried to, more I mean, but-but it just hurt and I couldn’t. And I know it’s ridiculous. It's unfair and I’m not mad- mad or anything, but it still hurts even though I know it doesn’t make sense and I’m sorry, Cas. You didn’t do anything wrong, I’m just being stupid. I’m sorry.”
"Damn, babe. We're going to play with that idea later, but for now, there are two things on the agenda. Getting clean, and sleep. You down for that?"
"Oh, really?" Cas arches an eyebrow at him. "You haven't been calling my name when you cum and yet brushing me off when we see each other? You haven't entertained fantasies in your mind of you splayed out beneath me while I finger fuck you to completion and then tell me to move out of your personal space? I've been listening to you cry and moan for me for ages. Then you call me friend and brother but keep me at arm's length when we're together. Teasing indeed, Dean. And I think you should be punished for that. Would you like to be punished?" Dean is astounded. Fuck, where did his angel learn about punishment? Then it clicks. Thank you, Mr. Pizza Man, for spanking that damn babysitter. 'Perhaps she's done something wrong' indeed. Dean has been bad.
Not even a question.
"Do you want to stay with me tonight? Not... you know, anything, uh... Not sex, but do you wanna sleep here? You can use the couch if you're more comfortable... I just don't wanna leave you alone to deal with everything by yourself. I'd like you to stay if that's okay with you. We can talk and stuff if you want, or watch some Netflix. Whatever you want."
Cas's fingers dig into his hips, and he growls, "Wanna mark me up, little boy? Hmm? Wanna cum all over me? Make me yours?"
“So good.” Dean moans and rocks his hips faster, matching Castiel’s punishing rhythm, Castiel pants above him, trying and failing, to catch his breath. Dean’s face is flushing from the exertion and his eyes are glassy with pleasure.
"Sir! Cum! Gonna cum if you d-don't stop! Oh, God!" Dean yells, and Castiel immediately turns the dildo off. He removes the vibrator from Dean, turning that off too and laying it beside him. Castiel stands and moves in close to Dean, making sure his body doesn't brush his sensitive cock. He grasps Dean's face in his hands, soothing his whimpering boy as he trembles with need, sweating and flushed and gorgeous.
"He came home, stumbling inside, yelling and asking where we were. I had been putting Sam to bed but I went down the stairs to see what all the fuss was about. I told Sammy,
"It's alright, baby boy." He's back within moments, and something warm is wiping across Dean's chest, then around his ass and down his thighs.
"I'm not going anywhere, Dean. Can I show you something?"
"What is it, Dean? What's wrong?"
Dean gladly leans down to lay on Cas’s chest. Cas’s heart is hammering in his ear and he’s still panting. He groans again and Dean raises his head to look up at him.
"Smack your ass?"
He was gesturing back and forth between them. "You're not my subordinate or anything. A lot of vamps are like that and treat their mates like slaves, but that's not me. Lucky you." Yes, lucky me, Castiel thought. "There's a bit more to a mating bite than just a mark or a symbol. It's... I wanna use the term magic, but that's not quite right. You'll be influenced, I guess. Wanna obey, and stuff like that. But uh, it's just an influence, it's not like a command. Unless I want it to be." That gave Castiel pause.
Some shout-outs right now, y'all, because all you guys give me life and keep me writing when I need to be.
"Still here," Dean says, looking up at him, smiling as Cas opens his eyes. He has that sleep-mussed look about him, eyes narrowed adorably. His face slowly stretches into a lazy grin as he gazes at Dean.
. Dean licks his lips hungrily as he takes in the sight of Cas's gorgeous naked body.
"Stand up, baby boy. I'm going to get the rest of you down now."
For one instance, Castiel almost corrects him on the title, and it's not 'Sir' that he was going to say. Fuck. Castiel rids himself of the thought immediately and as surely as he can. He and Dean have not spoken about age-play as of yet. It would not be right to ask Dean to call him anything beyond what they've already agreed upon.
"So, you said you used to live here?" The woman asked curiously. She had a bright smile as she poured iced tea into the glasses and handed it to them. Castiel immediately took a sip, it was quite good. He noticed Dean didn't drink any but pretended he did. He didn't think the woman noticed. Castiel saw no reason not to elaborate on his past here. "Yes. When I was a child my mother and I lived here. It is very different from how it was then." The woman nodded understandably. "Yes, when we got the place it was all grey and white. We just had to have some color in here. Perhaps we got it after your family moved, we've been here for years."Dean cleared his throat and pointed to the wall where a photo of a thin man with blond-coiffed hair and cold eyes hung. "Is that the hubby?" The woman smiled again though this time there was an edge to it that Castiel didn't understand. "Yes, that's my husband Bart. He's in computing. He just got promoted." She said proudly.
Jumping straight into it then. Okay, Dean can do that.
Cas grins underneath him. "Circus," He relays, then adds, "Hmm, are you clean, baby boy?"
One of his favorite features is Cas's lips. They're plump and pink and have small white spots where the pink fades into something lighter. Dean loves looking at them, but he loves kissing them more. For now, though, their breath stinks, and Dean has to pee. He rolls out of bed, trying not to disturb Cas, and goes to the bathroom. When he's finished there, Dean shuffles to the kitchen, yawning. He wants coffee.
Cas looks down at him with fondness, “Indeed, I do. Brat.”
Cas's fingers disappear from his hips, and he feels one hand scrabbling at his back for something. The other wraps around his cock with a delicious twist of the wrist. Dean is spiraling towards oblivion at a rocket's pace. Cas's fingers finally hook onto something near his lower back, and
"Hush, sweet boy. What color are you?"
Dean pulls into Cas's driveway and shuts off the Impala. It's nearly dark - he got caught up in a project and forgot to call Cas to tell him, so he came here instead of going home. He hasn't spoken to Cas since lunch, and he sounded a bit off, but Dean's trying not to think about it. Cas has things going on outside of their relationship. A whole life built outside of Dean. So he's hoping it has nothing to do with him. He pulls his keys from his pocket as he climbs out of the car, and shuts the door. His eyes narrow as he looks up at the house. The lights are off. Cas's car isn't here, but the house shouldn't be dark. He always turns the lights on for Dean.
Dean wakes up, and his body feels weirdly floaty, and his mind is fuzzy. His tongue is thick, but he still manages a muffled, "Cas?" There's movement in front of him then he feels Cas stroking his hair and his cheek. "There you are. How are you feeling, Dean?"
"What are we doing now?"
"Okay, Dean. I'll get you some." Castiel leaves him to go through the house and turn off the lights. He grabs the smallest plastic cup that he has and pours some organic apple juice into it. He's really scared to push Dean too far in this space. He wishes more than anything that he could've eased Dean into it, maybe explained what it was beforehand, and talked about what Dean might've wanted. He's just winging it right now, but he's tired, and he's not sure how healthy it is for Dean. He just doesn't know. The burdens of caring for another individual like this are usually discussed beforehand, and he knows exactly what's expected of him. But he is so tired right now, and he has no idea what Dean needs. God...
Cas sighed shakily and Dean could feel him trying to force himself to relax. When the trembling had subsided and his heart rate was calm Dean considered saying something. But instead, he waited until Cas's scent told Dean that he was okay. After several minutes of relative silence with only passing cars, the rumble of Baby's engine and Cas's stilted breathing Dean asked, "You okay, sweetheart?" Cas sniffed, "Yes, I think so. It just seemed to hit me all at once. This is all so real. Was it true what he said? He's a demon?"
Dean runs inside and Castiel is left with the slobbering mess on the concrete. A hate-filled mess of a man who doesn't deserve the air he's gasping in, in Castiel's opinion. Castiel bends and grabs handfuls of clothing. He hauls John up and throws him against his truck, where he barely stays standing. He's breathing heavily, holding his ribs and wiping blood from his nose. "I won't stay gone forever, you know. I'll be back... to... to take care of him."
"Mhmm. You're adorable."
"You need it, don't you, baby boy?" Castiel murmurs as he pulls his fingers from Dean, who whines lowly with need. "Yes. Yes, I need it. Please!"
"Of course, I can check that out for ya."
He sneaks into the bedroom and just looks at Cas for a minute. He's on his side now, facing Dean and his mouth is open. Dean has to suppress a chuckle as he steps the bed, moving the blanket back. He slowly eases his weight onto the mattress, sitting so he doesn't wake Cas, and then lays down. He's stiff as a board and uncomfortable, the tension high as he tries to move closer to Cas without waking him up. It'd be easier to face Cas but Dean's man enough to admit to himself that he wants to be the little spoon, so he carefully scoots himself back against Cas, moving incrementally until he's pressed against him, back to chest. He lays his head on the pillow and slowly pinches the edge of the blanket in between his fingers so he can pull it up over him. He's cold after his trip outside and he wants the warmth from Cas at his back to circulate to his front. He finally gets the blanket pulled up over his shoulder but he's still not comfy.
Sandy on the pool tab-"
“You’re not kidding. Everything just happened, and it feels like we’ve been playing catch up since then. All this stuff with my Dad, and Sam was in town, it just- you shouldn’t have had to deal with any of that. And the aftermath too. That wasn’t on you.”
Not that he was complaining about the orgasm, which had been even better than the last, but this was what he had been wanting earlier. Craving, he realized. It was so incredibly strange how much Dean had come to mean to him in such a short amount of time. He wondered where it was going to go, and for once, he didn't question it. He was just here. Sometime later, and he wasn't sure how long it was, he realized Dean was speaking to him. Castiel focused and then the words cleared and stopped sounding like they were coming from underwater.
Castiel breathes a sigh of relief and bends down to hug Dean, kissing his forehead as he pulls away. "It's alright. Do you want to continue? It's alright if you don't."
"I know it."
"As I recall it, you seem to enjoy my eclectic tastes," Castiel turns around and takes in Dean with a predatory look that has his boy already blushing. Ten Castiel tries his best impression of Dean from earlier, "Oh God, yes, Sir, please! Please, more! Oh god,
"Okay, baby boy. Okay."
Dean sighs and rubs his eyes with the heels of his hands. He needs to get his mind off this. He has enough to deal with right now. Cas had had to go into his office because they'd called some sort of urgent meeting or something. He isn't overly upset about it, but it's been a rough couple of days. They never talked about whatever Cas was so worked up about this morning, and anxiety is beginning to gnaw away at Dean's insides. Lord only knows what he'd done that made Cas not want to talk to him about it.
Just the idea of feeding Dean his own cum makes his dick twitch in interest. He laps up the last of it and coats his tongue with the sticky, now-cool cum, and kisses Dean deeply, reveling in him as he licks it off the muscle. He groans into Dean's mouth when his hands come up to grip Castiel's hair and drag him closer. Fuck. He pulls away and presses their foreheads together, panting.
"I uh... I mean, I drove home, obviously. I watched some tv, read a little bit. That's about it, really. Checked my email and stuff like that. Nothing to write home about."
"What year were you born?"
She raises an eyebrow at him, but her smile doesn't change. "Yes, I do. Is that a problem?" Her voice is icy now.
"I've got your coffee, by the way."
"Ah. There you are. Are you alright?"
Dean starts heading for the car.
Cas isn't looking at him, they're alone, and Dean can just stare as much as he wants to without it being weird. Cas' black hair is so tangled it looks like a rats nest on the pillow and he knows without looking that there's a line of drool leaking from his mouth down onto the fabric of the blanket. Cas is no longer God's perfect soldier, he's wonderfully, breathably human and Dean loves it. He loves him.
Then a soft touch, a rough hand lands on his cheek and he looks up in wide-eyed amazement at Dean, the tender gesture inspiring too much hope in his chest. Suddenly Castiel is pulled into a tight hug and Dean's face is buried in his right shoulder. "I love you too, you dumb bastard."
And it came out more like a question. Dean nodded and allowed himself the small pleasure of laying his cheek against the man's hair as they embraced.
"Morning."
Cas whispered, "It's okay?"
Cas smiles then, another adorable, gummy, grin that makes Dean weak in the knees.
For once in your life, listen! I was an angel, Dean! I was an angel of the Lord. I had a purpose! I knew my place, and I had all of Heaven behind me. I was powerful and strong and able to-"
Benny is grinning like a fool and comes over to clap him on the back.
"Good. Good boy. Precious Dean. So amazing. Do you think you can drink some water for me, baby boy?"
Decades of experience driving had its perks, he supposed. Her smooth black metal gleamed like pure oil, and she was shining under the blue Lousiana sky. He never got tired of looking at her. "Okay, Cas. Close your eyes." He turned around to make sure Cas had obeyed, which he had. Dean walked across the cracked pavement and unlocked the car. Dean opened up the rear door, putting the duffle bag he'd been carrying into the space behind his seat. He closed the door and out of the corner of his eye saw Cas flinch slightly at the sound. "Okay Cas, come here. Keep your eyes closed."
Wide searching blue eyes found his and for a moment, Dean's world stilled. Later he would call it the ridiculous, but after that, he would grudgingly admit, only to Cas, that that had been the first moment for him. The first moment that he had known they had to become a 'them.' He had just known. He wanted Cas. It was an intensely emotional moment for two strangers, and it only stopped when Cas surged forward. Apparently trying to avoid as much awkwardness as possible he flew up the bed and settled in beside Dean. Dean wasn't sure whether to laugh or be worried. Cas brought his knees up to his chest and stared at Dean's wall on the other side of the room. After several minutes, Dean spoke. "Cas."
Castiel grabs his phone from the arm of the couch and brings up his Gmail account. He's going to write an email to Amelia, and when he's finished with that, if Dean's been good, he'll get rewarded. Castiel uses his right hand to swipe across his keyboard and make the words, and with his left, he strokes Dean's hair, letting him know that Castiel is still thinking of him.
"You're the best mechanic I know. That's why I always come here." She pauses, biting her blood-red botox lip, "Maybe instead of cash this time, I could find a way to repay you that might be, you know, more enjoyable for both of us."
Dean smiles, the awkward feeling casting a bit of shade on his good day.
“You look really cute in my sweater,” Dean says. He pulls on the ragged end of the sleeve and Cas leans against him easily. Dean wraps his arms around him and breathes him in. They’ve been making pasta in Dean’s kitchen for the last hour, and the scent is heavenly. Roma tomatoes, bacon, and a ranch sauce that Cas made have all been prepped to get thrown into the cheesy noodles. The soft yellow glow of the overhead light bathes the kitchen in a cozy feeling. Holding his boyfriend, his love, here in the center of his tiny house, gives him butterflies. Everything’s coming together, it seems, and it’s like Dean can feel something within himself healing, suturing itself back together. Cas’s stomach rumbles, interrupting the quiet ambiance, and Dean chuckles. He leans away a little and Cas kisses him on the nose.
Dean relaxes back against him, "I'm not sure."
“Soon, baby. Soon. This first. Oh, God.” Castiel guides Dean’s hips into a rhythm, rocking them both closer and closer to the edge.
"A thought just occurred to me. I can't go home in these clothes either. My mother will most definitely notice, and I don't have an explanation."
"Yeah, I guess."
Dean nods, swallowing thickly. Castiel lays the clamps on the couch and rises until he's leaning over Dean's chest. He breathes warm air onto his right nipple and pushes his tongue out to taste the salty flesh. Dean stiffens under the touch at first but then relaxes into the laving of Castiel's tongue. He scrapes his teeth across it, then bites gently and begins to tug. Dean arches under him, moaning lowly, erection twitching against Castiel's abdomen.
P.S. Multiple male orgasms are possible, however, I am a V-owner. Google can only get me so far. Forgive me for any inaccuracies I've displayed here or display in the future.
"So, what do you do for a living?"
"Do you want to go back to your house?" The question gave Castiel pause, and he had a feeling it was more important than surface appearances so he thought carefully before answering. Dean made it sound very permanent, very unforgiving. And he noticed that Dean hadn't used the word 'home' but had said 'your house.' That was definitely more accurate. He hadn't ever really had a home, especially not since Naomi had married Zachariah. The closest he had ever come to a home would have been back in Michigan, but those memories were mostly gone now, erased by time and his mother's fanatical church efforts and teachings. She seemed to leach out every shred of happiness that Castiel had. Did he want to go back? The answer was easy. No. But could he handle the repercussions of that decision? Could he handle being by himself and alone? It was a big risk, one he was most certain would either make or break him. Wait a moment. Why would Dean have asked that?
