"...shit," he added, a note of smugness in his voice.  "That was
"Did you say Four Loco?" called Armando across the deck.
speak as many languages as I.  I know English, French, Japanese, SQL, C++, Python, Perl, Java, binary..."  Steve looked lost again. "...
"I thought the orchid was for
"I keep it locked," said Tony.  He punched in the code and let her in.  Her eyes widened a little at the mess; suit components were scattered all over the floor of the garage and every available surface was piled high with wires, circuits, bolts, screws, tools, and the occasional empty bottle.
much better. All the sweat and tears had been washed away and Steve almost felt like a new man.
"May..."  Tony trailed off.  He couldn't remember.  Panic rose in his throat.  "I have a concussion," he repeated.  "
Tony's scowl deepened.  "...you know Steve got force-bonded in Yemen?"
It was late at night; the sky was clear but the light pollution hid the stars.
He'd seen old pictures in the twenties and thirties and forties of Alpha and omega pairs standing like this, the omega's cheek pressed into the other's leg, eyes closed, face a picture of contentment.  Or gazing up adoringly at their Alphas, sometimes with the Alpha gazing down protectively at them.
One of the paramedics stepped forward with a flashlight to shine in Tony's eyes. "Does it hurt to breathe?" he asked him.
"...Tony?"
"I'll...I'll talk to Fury when I'm ready to.  But I need to sort out my head first, okay? I'm not having him take me off active duty before I've even been out there. I'll go crazy." Steve had to be doing something. He'd been more still in the past five months than he had been in years back in his day. He had to be moving, fighting, resolving. Steve needed a mission like it was nobody's business.  "But I think we both know that if HYDRA wanted me dead I would be already," Steve pointed out. "Everyone knows where I am. Stark security or not- HYDRA always find a way in if they want to. I think they want my attention, but they don't want me dead."
"Christ, Stone, I don't know!"
"Sorry to interrupt the pow-wow.  I'm going to go talk to our little friend, I'll be back in time for..."  Tony trailed off, staring at them.  All three looked.. magnificent.  Pepper's hair was shining with a coppery gleam and Steve's muscles were taut and even Phil had a certain sort of understated charm.  Tony's mouth went dry.
He flicked his cigarette away in revulsion and turned.
"We should go. I'll drive."
Tony's phone started ringing in his pocket. Groggily, Steve reached for it. It was Phil.
"Maybe...maybe we shouldn't...on the sofa again," Steve whispered against Tony's lips between kisses.
Like multiple Alphas?  Steve's words reminded Tony of Raza.  How he'd made Tony kneel, treated him like an omega, burned a mark onto the back of his neck.  Fuck biology, indeed.  Tony had been forced to live an an omega for three months and he'd felt like that, more than the torture, had fucked him up.  Honestly, he preferred waterboarding to kneeling.
Jenny leaned into her touch with a look of stupid blissfulness.  It made Tony's stomach turn. It was like her omegas were cult members who didn't realize they were in a cult.
on him, you see.  Handsome, broad-shouldered horseshoe and all."  Kerry flipped George off again, looking a bit embarrassed.
"Steve!" Natasha slipped out of the driver's seat, hurried around the other side of the car and grabbed his wrist.  He stopped, even though it would have been perfectly easy to wrench away from her.
Steve didn't have it in him to explain why he'd called HYDRA. He didn't like to think about it. He'd been incredibly low and,  well...
After Tony's rather moving pep talk Steve had moved to flatten the collar of his jacket down, a lump in his throat threatening to form from emotion.
Not that Tony was married to Christmas in particular.  Before he'd hired Pepper, he had celebrated Hanukkah with Obadiah.  His childhood had been a confusing mismatch of holidays; his mother and father and one of his nannies had pushed Christmas, while Obadiah had pushed Hanukkah, and the other nanny, perhaps just to be contentious, had pushed Kwanzaa.  The result was that Tony associated winter in Long Island with wearing a dashiki, lighting a menorah, and then unwrapping presents while avoiding a very drunk Howard. For Jarvis, Christmas meant a hell of a lot of work because every year they threw a massive, relatively secular holiday party, where Tony was dragged around and had to meet a lot of his father's friends and shake a lot of hands.  If he played his cards right, he normally ended the night sick from a combination of too much candy and too many sips of champagne from indulgent adults who delighted in Tony's intelligence. Tony never saw another child at any of the holiday parties; he was his father in miniature, a mascot who got a lot of gifts and was showered with attention but, at the end of the night, always felt relieved that it was over.
awful.  It was seriously one of the most bitter things he'd ever tasted.  Was that normal? Who should he call about this? Pepper? Nadine?  Dr. Gleason? Who the hell would know what Steve was supposed to taste like?
"...do you want me to feed them?" asked the scientist, looking up.
"I know," Phil said dryly. "But food first."
Tony lying on the floor of his ruined shop and finishing his second bottle of Jack Daniel's (he'd started on Captain Morgan, but the "Captain" on the label had prompted a new bout of dramatic wallowing) and playing with a Rubik's cube he'd found in the rubble of the his basement when he felt a drop of rain.
Steve wasn't sure they could ever real deal with it anyway, not with HYDRA and/or Bucky in the background.
Lila crashed into the wall and immediately began bawling.  Clint scooped her up quickly. "Whoa, whoa, whoa, hey... hey... let me see.  Did you bang your elbow? Let me see, Lye... come on. Show Daddy when you hit it.  ...oh, come on, there's not even a scrape! Are you sure it's not
"What, like bugging my apartment was?" Steve asked with such a sweet smile it was almost unnerving. Phil bit back a sigh.  He didn't seem phased.  Just tired.
.  I don't want people thinking you're cavalier or that you're celebrating getting off.  Don't make a joke about getting off, Tony."
Tony snatched away the tablet to look at Pepper's itinerary and groaned.  "Lots of buddy-buddy photo ops.  Gross."
"Tony, sit down, I'll make you a martini."
There was a scuffle and another shriek in the background.
, again," Steve said and his gaze flirted down. "If they ask me what I think about government legislation I'm gonna be honest about it Tony."
"You're special... you're my omega... I chose you and you're mine," purred Tony, leaning back onto the pile of blankets as Steve wiggled his hips and began riding him.  He felt the knot squeeze into Steve and let out a small, understated gasp as Steve began pumping him. He closed his eyes and leaned his head back.
Vanko let out a roar and then promptly threw Steve against the nearest wall,
"I wanted so badly for him to be okay.. .but he's not, is he? I don't even think he's there. I don't know. Maybe I just want him to be."  He sighed and then moved to ride his jean leg up so Phil could come and fasten the bracelet on.
Tony looked at her face.  The pale, creamy skin dotted with freckles, the liquid-copper hair, the large, wet green eyes and long lashes.
but it still felt like it was. In that moment rationality wasn't a comfort. Steve could still remember being shot and thinking he was going to die. When he woke up he couldn't believe it - it was an echo of when they'd woken him up from the ice. Steve had been trembling and laughing. He hadn't thought the reality he'd woken up to was real.  It was a very unsettling thing.
Steve frowned. "Not possible."
"It's still
He threw on a robe and hovered while Steve got up to brush his teeth and shave.  He didn't need to ask what Steve's plans were for the day; Steve was pulling on exercise clothes and had that determined "Captain America" glint in his eye.  Tony planned to probably sleep sandwiched between a couple of gym mats, possibly with a bottle, and then call up Pepper and make sure they had an in with
Tony ducked as Steve tried to wash his hair.  Tony loathed overly-sweet body wash and Steve loved the fruity stuff.
relationship, anyway," snapped Tony.
, just like "daybreak" or "seventeen" or "benign" or "furnace" or--
"Yes, of course."
"What kind of omegas are they?" Steve asked and DeSoto blinked.
bad!"
"No! So long as it isn't too strenuous," Richard said. "In fact, exercise is good for a healthy pregnancy. But they shouldn't be attempting 'parkour', or whatever the kids get up to these days." Another laugh. Steve had no idea what 'parkour' was.
The last thing Tony wanted to do was deal with it.  He slung an arm over Steve and pressed their bodies together, wanting Steve to know he wasn't going anywhere.
while they're there."
"The last I saw him, he was in the hall with all the flowers... writing in bids under fake names to drive the prices up," said Aria, mouth quirking into a smile.
"Doing the decent thing ain't really brave ma'am," Steve said. "Just what we gotta do."
Natasha's comment about "making themselves at home" bothered Tony.  This was
"Tony, calm down, please.  Stop shouting.  I'm fine.  Oh my God..."  This wasn't comfortable. But Tony still couldn't hear him. "He's not going to put me down anytime soon, is he?" He sighed.
He knocked once before stepping into the workshop, tentatively sticking his head through. "Tony?" He called out. "I brought you food."
His hands came out automatically to stroke Steve's cheeks, his hair, every gesture a reward and a reassurance and a thanks, a complex acknowledgement of Steve's kneeling.  Tony was accepting Steve's submission, wordlessly praising him for good behavior.
It took him a moment to realize that Steve was still behind on the times.  "Pine Hills was the one involved in the '94 case. They were..."
"I'm more of a waffle guy than a pancake guy, but sure.  If my omega made it for me," said Tony, reaching for the food.  He looked over at the desk.  "You were drawing me?" he asked through a mouthful of pancakes.  Tony didn't see the appeal of drawing him while he was sitting on the floor, sweating, arranging pieces of metal and banging out dents and welding joints together.  But he felt oddly flattered.
"Be nice to Beth.  She's a good person to have on security detail and considering all the shit you put her through, she's really going above and beyond for you and Steve.  ...and try not to drink another six shots in front of her. She's not comfortable with your drinking, especially after how you were in the nineties."
He tugged Steve through the drunk, cheering crowd, half of whom were butchering "Auld Lang Syne," and toward the steps to the basement.
"Probably two thousand... more now that Tony Stark's vomit is inside it..." joked Tony weakly.
"I-- I like your show," mumbled Donner, looking down bashfully.
"Stark.  No one's treating Steve until you take the suit off," snarled Maria.
Have a long and very ~spicy~ chapter.
Steve was pointedly not replying to Natasha's text.
"...yeah?  ...maybe I should check that out," said Tony.
"...it's weird, though, what Malick said.  About omegas being happy. I don't know. It's complicated.  Look at Banksy. He was force-bonded, but he and Boswell really seem to love each other now.  And look at Jarvis. He was literally a servant. But he seemed happy. I mean, you have no idea, Steve... he
But Steve saw the shadow pass over his face, the tiny wrinkle in Tony's brow and around his eyes that meant he had processed it and was probably having some sort of internal flashback.  The coiling in his gut confirmed it.
"Giddy would have never let me go out with an unbonded Alpha..."
Tony's stomach lurched.  Steve had charged in there and he'd no doubt been shot at... what if he'd been hit?  What if Joey hadn't been there? Tony hadn't realized there were snipers... when the smoke had cleared, Steve would have been a sitting duck.
A pause.  Tony realized abruptly that Steve had no idea what Pokémon were.  He was too tired to explain the reference, though.
"...okay, okay, I'm sorry!  Look, it's not like he can even hear me anymore, so--"
Tony flipped open the program to eyeball it.  There were a number of speakers and presentations with incredibly non-specific names.  There was an evening dinner and a keynote brunch, both with entertainers and speakers. One ballroom had been sectioned off and hosted a number of vendors and business tables that were apparently donors or financial backers; another ballroom had been sectioned off for general mingling and included an open bar, which captured Tony's immediate interest.
"Well, maybe you shouldn't call dibs on her like she's a chicken wing," said Happy smugly.
"I can order takeout with your earlier specifications," JARVIS offered from above, speaking out. It was almost sinister, Steve thought, the way he recorded each piece of information offered.
He would think of this like a mission.  As Steve had said, an Alpha listened to his omega, that's what bonding was all about.
"That's amazing, Steve... I love how you suck dick... oh, yeah... good boy... good omega...
"I hope he's been good," said DeSoto's Alpha, curling a hand onto DeSoto's shoulder tightly. Steve felt an instant urge to push it off. The man barked out a laugh when he saw Tony in his boxers, like it was funny and not embarrassing at all.
"...we haven't really mated like that since last year," he said, hoping to recapture the peace both of them had been feeling before.  "...sorry it didn't last long."
Steve gasped in surprise when Tony came all over his face. He was surprised by the immediacy of it, the sensation...but also how hot strangely turned on it left him. His own cock was hard and trapped beneath the sheets, his thighs shiny and wet. Steve swallowed.
He found his way out of the compound; if anyone followed him, he wasn't aware of it; if anyone tried to talk to him, he didn't respond. His consciousness had buried itself deep into a mental vault and he didn't dare let it out- not yet. Not while he was still here and vulnerable. No, he had to leave first.  He had to get away. He got to his car, feeling dreamlike, and slipped into the leather seat of the Aston, listening to his own steady breathing like it was someone else's, his body moving like it was a puppet on strings.  He felt far away, like he was watching himself from a distance.
Creepy, Tony thought.  At least he didn't have any kids (that was he aware of).
and just... stripped it away. How can someone like that have a baby?  How can he cope with that kind of responsibility? He can't even deal with it when we ask him
"Mute!" barked Tony.  Steve was lying on the floor, eyes glassy, gaze distant.  Tony didn't think he would want Fury to know about this, didn't think Fury needed to know.  He dropped to his knees and pulled Steve to him.
They put everything in the back of the car with Phil's help and just focused on fitting it all inside.  (At least Tony was no longer wearing his armor.)  Steve sighed as he straightened up and saw Tony peering at the board littered with small pieces of buildings and what not. "For the record," he breathed, "I didn't think Howard saw me as an equal. He just liked how much he could antagonize other Alphas via my existence." He shut the boot and went to get in the passenger seat of the car as Natasha was already starting it up.
"I'm not the one whose thinking about him!" Steve snapped. He was trembling. His mouth tasted of his sick and was too dry. Natasha offered him a cup of water and Steve downed in it in an instant and then she wiped at his mouth. Why wouldn't his hands stop goddamn shaking? "That wasn't
"Thanks, Barton. About heats--"
gonna have to fight them?" She asked. The idea was laughable. Only Maria was professionally trained. She turned to the SHIELD agent. "Please tell me you have back up. Or something."
Tony flashed Steve a grin and reached for Steve's hand, lacing their fingers together once again.  Gently, he took the microphone, turning it off.  "Kneel?" he murmured, softly.  It was a request, not a demand, and it was made gently, tentatively.  Steve could tell Tony wouldn't be mad if he didn't want to, but he had come to understand Tony's brand.  Tony was bold and brash and confident and unapologetic, and he liked shoving himself in people's faces.  Tony preferred to demonstrate things instead of describing them; the Expo was a living monument to that sentiment.
"Surprises are for later! Now we need to work out if we're going tie or no tie..." Aria said, successfully getting him to head up the stairs.
Tony wasn't listening to Steve's answer.  His mind was elsewhere.
"No, it's fine, just keep rolling.  We can cut that out," said Louis quickly.  "Steve, as an omega who served in the military, how did heats--"
did they get you drunk?" Aria demanded as she pushed Steve into a bathroom. She moved to get him a glass of water after shoving him down on the edge of the bath. "Drink this."
"Coat check is for Alphas only."
Tony shrugged inelegantly, then offered, "Well, they're the ones who need it the most, aren't they?"
"Are you going to be be playing, Tony?" asked Eric as the two of them leaned against the wall of the grand ballroom.
"I'm an omega."
The other line was quiet for a few seconds. "Steve...is that you?"
He was able to dismiss at least half or two-thirds of them outright.  Too many stones. Steve wanted something simple and Tony agreed that too many stones would be a bad thing.  They wanted simple, elegant, and not too feminine.
"He's still alive. Or he was..." Steve drifted off. "He might never wake up again." Not confidential, but very close to the truth.
"Well, at least we know Gideon won't take Donner or Granite," said Tony suddenly, his sense of puns returning to him.  “...get it? Donner for granted? ...anyone?” Pepper gave him another whack. Ton ignored it. "What do we call her, Granny?  ...Granite's a stupid name."
Well, he refused to lose him. Not today.
Steve set the clothes down on the edge of the bed before he glanced up to see Tony watching him over the top of the pillow. He smiled innocently. "Can I help you?"
, was Steve's first childish thought as he watched Fury glide around his apartment comfortably. Sure, it was mostly bare now but it was still
But, naturally, she did.
your relationship."
DeSoto listened to Steve's whole speech with a little smirk.  Being told he wasn't wanted was, he knew, simply Steve being jealous and protective of his mate.  He saw it all the time. He also clearly didn't believe there were any omega agents or, if there were, that they were any good.  And finally, he seemed to think Steve was delusional for considering himself lucky.
"It-- it tasted okay?" Steve sounded so hopeful; he almost didn't dare to believe it. But then Tony said he smelt normal too and Steve wanted to cry. It no longer felt like his body was betraying him, warring against him. He leaned his head down in the cushions and sighed contently at Tony's embrace, his eyes half slipping shut. He could feel Tony's own relief and happiness, the sensations swelling up in his own chest and blossoming. It was overwhelming. Steve let out a long breath.
him--"
Tony was trying not to laugh but Steve's silent, mirth-filled vibrating next to him was infectious and he was trying to silently contain laughter too.  It was like being in church; it was funnier because they were trying to suppress it.
"--the right balance, and achieve the best possible, not to mention the most natural, relationship with your omega.  Thank you," she concluded. The room broke out into a smattering of polite applause. Frond patted the female omega that was kneeling beside her, the Jenny she'd used earlier for a demonstration.  Frond may have been tiny but she gave off a very lethal, Natasha-esque vibe, and Tony had already made a mental note to stay away from her for the rest of the conference.
"Can I can an update on where in the hell Clint is?  He should've been able to take those guys out from the roof.  This suit isn't exactly what you'd call stealthy."
It was Natasha.
Tony rolled over, aware of Steve's absence.  He groped sleepily for the omega; not finding him, he jolted away.  He sat up groggily, hair sticking up.  "Steve?" he mumbled, looking over at Steve blearily.  "Whaddya doing, who's that?"  He ran a hand down his face, feeling the stubble; he needed a trim, his goatee was starting to lose shape.
Suddenly there were people everyone and it was more than a little overwhelming. Steve laughed almost awkwardly as Banksy pulled him into a hug without any warning. He'd hoped for a positive reaction, sure, but he hadn't expected this kind of response. He sure hadn't expected a entire entourage to appear at their house, much less for it to include both Status Alliance and Horseshoe Society members. Still, he hugged Banksy back, Aria politely moving her feet back to the floor. The omega smelled of fancy cologne, a stark contrast to the earthy scent of salt and the sea all over Steve. He was still wearing the clothes he'd slept in but he didn't think anyone here really cared.
Steve turned bright red. "Yeah. You could say that."
Steve was right- the floor was actually very cold.  Tony hadn't noticed.  Steve's body was heavy on his, very heavy.  Tony tried to relax under him, feeling stupid, but there was no better solution; they were stuck and Tony wasn't going to get his omega freeze.
But life was too short for regrets and so Tony didn't dwell on it much.  It was just as well that he couldn't have children; he was terrified he might end up like his father, treat them the way he had been treated.
Tony felt immediately placated.  His anger evaporated, leaving behind a feeling of miserable emptiness that he realized was his mate's.
"Do you think we could cut his shirts up instead of pressing them or would that just get Donner in trouble?" Steve sighed.
"Is now really the time for that?  Yes!  We did!"  Tony saw an opening and took it; he directed full power to the boots and shot off, leaving the Expo behind, a pack of drones on his tail.  He followed the curve of the highway.  He wasn't sure where he was going, just away.
Aria made a jerking off motion with her hand and shrugged.  Steve blushed and looked down, not sure how to respond to such a brash suggestion.  Aria took the opportunity to text Pepper with one hand.
"Seasalt."
"Gone off the grid.  Natasha sent one of her contacts in Russia to check out where she knew Steve had been staying. She said she found a hotel room full of his things, just abandoned, including a journal and a sketchbook. Virginia, Steve would
Once Steve gave his phone over that was it. Steve was putting all his trust into this random agent. He swallowed thickly. He was shivering again. Steve had tried to use his phone multiple times, but he couldn't do it himself.
Now that Steve was up, JARVIS was automatically projecting the morning headlines and weather on the back window.  OMEGAS RULE BUT YOU SHOULD RESPECT EVERYBODY: CAPTAIN ROGERS'S EXITING WORDS. STARK-SPANGLED: CAPTAIN AMERICA AND HIS ALPHA RENEW THEIR BOND.  UNDEFEATED: CAP IS BACK AND STRONGER THAN EVER. STEVE ROGERS EARNS $1.25 MILLION FOR CHARITY, APOLOGIZES TO A NATION.
"You excited to show me Brooklyn later?" asked Tony.  His tone was still flat, but he was trying. He paused, then added, "We can visit your mom, too, if you want.  She's in Brooklyn, right?" Tony's own parents were in Long Island, where he'd been born and raised. He couldn't help but notice, when they drove by the estates and country clubs and golf courses and stables and other such areas on the way to the graveyard, the occasional Alpha-omega pair.  He'd espied one where the omega was wearing a collar and looked away, hoping Steve hadn't noticed. Tony had never really paid attention to the fact that he had been bred and raised in a conservative, upper-crust, obscenely wealthy slice of society. Coming back with Steve had made it painfully obvious.  Every house was huge, a mansion, really, and all the cars had chauffeurs. Tony had felt an acute sense of embarrassment which he'd tried to dismiss by reminding himself that it wasn't really his fault Steve had grown up poor; besides, Steve was from the Great Depression,
"Natasha!  Come off him!" demanded Tony.  "Is Clint there? Have Clint talk some goddamn sense into Steve, tell him that Bucky is dangerous, tell him--"
Shit.  He had completely forgotten: it was still March.
Steve looked over to see a sheepish-looking Donner next to Malick. Steve breathed out a laugh. "As if I'd sleep with him anyway, over a game of poker. Jesus. I can't believe these guys really do that-- as if they have no choice." Once the glass of water was gone Steve got Tony another one.
after fixing his fatal heart problem and now he was dead.  An ironic, fitting end.
They lowered the coffin into the ground and everyone tossed a handful of dirt onto it; Banksy wept on Danielle's shoulder and he didn't appear for the somber reception at his own house.  Donner informed Steve and Tony that he was upstairs, buried again in bed, huffing Boswell's clothes and crying himself senseless.
"Shall we?"
And you are the best kind there is. You've had a terrible month, you deserve a treat. Tell me you don't want this..."
"Drs. Brennan and Brazinski are willing to wait for you," announced JARVIS.
Steve moaned quietly with each roll of his hips, his legs coming up to tangle around Tony and draw him in impossibly deeper. His body trembled with the drag of Tony's member inside of him. He let out a high pitched whine when the felt the nudge of his knot against his entrance, the noise swallowed by their kiss.
Steve looked over and caught a glimpse of a familiar face and a SHIELD insignia on the shoulder.
Aria rolled her eyes. "You have time to travel, why not?  You have the money, too.  You and Tony should go visit somewhere nice."
"Erm, Captain America?" She wasn't shy like Piper or Charlotte but she was still reserved. She looked at Steve's face when she spoke to him but kept her gaze on the floor the rest of the time. It looked like a learned behaviour. "I just-- I didn't think this would be your kind of scene."
"It'll be closed by the end of the week.  If you stay out of the sun, you won't even have a scar," said Dr. Gleason, packing up his things.
"...ANTHONY!" hollered a voice from outside.  Tony made a beeline for the back of the house, downing his martini and intent of throwing Pitbull into the pool and maybe hurling a beer can at his head while he was at it.
"Fine. Okay. Okay... just let me finish up." Steve washed all the suds off of himself and then stepped out of the shower and headed over to the sink so Steve could shave Tony properly. Being good at art meant he had a decent idea of how to sculpt Tony's goatee, which (he felt) was unnecessarily complicated. He left sharp edges and Tony looked good as new. Steve kissed his forehead. "There. Wonderful. You look like you got plenty more than two hours sleep," he said, trying to be encouraging.  "You dry up and I'll grab some clothes for both of us, okay?"
"Even though I'm attractive and charming?" asked Tony.  Pepper rolled her eyes and didn't comment. Both of them knew why; weapons manufacturers were polarizing personalities, even on the best of days.  Tony's involvement in the civil rights movement, his frequent public drunken antics, and the various Iron Man fiascos and resulting collateral damage meant that Tony easily had as many enemies as he did fans.
Tony was toweling his hair when he nearly collided with Steve.
Funnily, Tony appreciate T'Challa's reticence.  When he was T'Challa's age he had had the same sort of attitude about bonding.  It felt like such a terrifyingly huge commitment, to be so completely enmeshed with another person.  If Tony had never found Steve then, undoubtedly, he would have maintained that attitude for the rest of his life.
No, Rogers was not deployed on anything, not anything on the books, anyway.  There was an e-mail alert from Level 8 informing him that Cryo Tank 5 had abnormal readouts.
Some of the other omegas, who were properly dressed and had heavier collars, were watching them with disdain. They clearly didn't approved of Lola's dirty Converse shoes up on the table.
Steve turned around and follow Tony's touch, reaching up to grip his hand. He needed the contact in that moment. He needed to feel grounded. There was no people for him to punch, nothing for Steve to channel all his energy into. He was struggling to keep it together.
The photoshoot was, surprisingly, really fun. There was a load of other famous omegas there of every different body shape imaginable. There was a famous female omega body builder and they had several funny photos of her lifting Steve up into the air like he weighed of nothing. It was actually super impressive; she and Steve compared their workout routines.  Steve had never met another omega who had muscles like his. The shoot took all day and he had to go through over twenty outfits, most of the photos alone but a few of them in groups or pairs.  The stylists groaned over the ankle monitor on his leg, which was almost impossible to hide.  Steve went out for drinks afterwards and they even let him keep one of the jackets that he was especially fond of. it was black soft leather with a green suede lining that was showed off on the lapels.  Going out for drinks with a group of omegas was a breath of fresh air; it was fun and it felt good to hang about with people his own age for once.  Steve had not appreciated how many people he hung out with were Tony's age and Tony's friends: older male Alphas and betas who treated him a little different.  With other young omegas, he felt like he could be himself.
"Hey, man, good luck," said Sean, sticking a hand out.
Tony hated waiting.  "How much longer? I was promised I'd get to hack into stuff."
"You love me.  Admit it."
Coulson sighed heavily. "It was to Jasper Sitwell."
"Giddy doesn't let me watch Breaking--"  Donner's eyes lit up mischievously. "Yes.  Yes, I'll do that. And can you let all my friends in when they come?  George said he would come, and Banksy too, and probably Pepper and Aria."
"We took 'em off," said Tony as Steve pushed him.  He wrapped his arms around Steve, wriggling against him, the two of them rolling around in the bed playfully.  "They're all over the floor. Pepper and Aria are gonna be furious." He leaned down to kiss Steve's chest, his lips brushing over a nipple.  He gave Steve's skin a little nip and Steve jerked reflexively; Tony grinned.
"Can I get you anything?" asked Tony eagerly, feeding Steve another ice chip.  He was desperate to please Steve. "Do you need any more pillows? Water? I brought your necklace. Do you want that? Are you warm enough? I can turn on the air conditioning more.  Do you want me to turn on music?"
"Well, then, break the glass!"
!" snapped Karpov furiously.  "The Winter Soldier program was only designed to create enhanced soldiers, not to control them.  And look what happened! ...This soldier here, he's the only one left from Guiding Star." He looked at Bucky with a nostalgic gaze.
"Thank you, sir.  But I'm a good omega," repeated Donner stubbornly.  He didn't want this man thinking he was a trouble-maker like Rogers.  Donner had never voted and never gotten to attend university because of Gideon, although he'd been accepted, which he felt like was an honor all by itself.  (Gideon had not let him keep the acceptance letter; it was one of Donner's few prize possessions, but once Gideon had bought and bonded him, he'd made Donner tear it up and throw it out so that he didn't get any "ideas.")
"Yeah, I wouldn't do anything different.  I love my life," he insisted.  "...no regrets..."  He stared at Steve.  Steve was staring out over the ocean, his face stony.  Tony caught a hint of Steve's after-heat and his knees felt weak suddenly.  Steve smelled
He took her hand and kissed the back of it. Steve felt an involuntary shudder run down his spine. Gene was probably no more dominant than Tony was, but there was something about him that just set Steve on edge. Piper blushed as Gene released her hand, her gaze fixed on the floor. All the earlier happiness had been sucked out of her and suddenly she was all meek and polite again.
"I'm just asking, 'cause--"
"...do you have Stolichnaya?" asked Bucky, which was the only drink he could think of on the spot.
"Great," confirmed Pepper.
"1938? On my God," Steve whispered and gently picked a few up. "They're as old as me," he joked weakly and smiled as he picked up a petal whole. Steve gently set it down on top of Mark's letter.
"No, I
. "This is a man's life and you've already taken way more of it than you have
He set the food down by the bed side and then leaned down to kiss Tony's forehead.
People were beginning to file through into the dining hall. Steve only hoped he wouldn't be sat next to anyone too pretentious. He squeezed Tony's elbow. "I'm sure he'll be fine.  He's Nick Fury, after all.  C'mon.  I think we're being summoned."
...yeah. Fuck. Oh
"Why don't we send him on a... what do the Americans call it... a duck chase."
Tony relaxed a little.  "You guys both students?"
"I'll drink to that," said Gideon.
giving speeches?" he asked teasingly, his hands sliding down the curve of Steve's back.  He found Steve's ass and gave it a squeeze. Firm, like the rest of him. Tony slid one arm around Steve, pressing his front to Steve's back, reaching between his legs with the other hand to play with his balls.  Their bodies were both still slippery with soap (Steve had a fondness for overly sweet, fruit-flavored things, Tony had noticed) but Tony was less interested in actual washing at the moment.
The crowd erupted in laughter.  Suddenly, there was Steve, grabbing for the microphone.  Tony slung an arm around him.  The metal was icy on Steve's skin, and impossibly heavy.
"Wha--"
"I think Steve could use a break from television for a while," hummed Pepper, arranging the papers on the table.  "Surprises aside, the media's been putting both of you through the grinder since Yemen. And you're getting it from both sides.  Alphas and omegas."
are ones that Tony pissed off recently and blue are ones we're on good terms with, make sure he gets in a sound bite with any of the blue ones, they're alphabetically ordered, yellow is secondary to blue, only talk to yellow if you've already covered blue, make sure Tony doesn't go near anyone from
." Steve frowned and Aria appeared beside Pepper, a hand on her friend's arm before she could protest any further.
Shit. She was right.
Steve walked for hours, maybe even days. He didn't know. He was so tired and thirsty and his limbs throbbed with every step. But he deserved this suffering, Steve reminded himself. God had given him this. When he saw a strange-looking car in the distance he cried out in relief. Maybe this was his absolution.
"No way," said Eric, shaking his head adamantly.  "I'm trying to have a kid... can you imagine if I lost her for a night and she came home carrying some other guy's whelp?  Ugh. Forget it. Most people only bet omegas if they've been sterilized or already had kids or are on suppressants. ...can Steve... uh... can he conceive?"
Bucky was frozen, confused by the alteration to the familiar words.  "готовы соблюдать...?"
There was a murmur through the crowd.
"Hey," Steve trailed a finger down Tony's arm. "Are you with me?"
Tony's mind, without warning, conjured up an image of Phil in the outfit, and he cringed.  "Stupid sexy Coulson."
"I'm not helping you put that painting up and if you put it up on that wall, where all the house stuff can see, I will burn it," Steve promised him, raising a brow.  "And thank you, for the flowers," Steve breathed and glanced over at Rhodey. "They're very nice. Thank you."
Seven was a young ginger boy who looked like he had only just turned seventeen. He was one of the tallest too. "I'm nervous," he said, green eyes flitting over Steve.
"Very well.  Yes, you are a good person."
In all likelihood, if Steve had not been hit with an inducer, it would have taken Tony two or three days in the shop to process what he'd seen.  But the rush of hormones had scrambled his moral compass and he felt like they were bonding all over again and he cared a lot more about mating Steve than about worrying about how he acted in battle.  Tony was learning, with some annoyance, that he was a lot less rational than he'd always assumed, and that his instincts-- the ones he'd been denying for decades-- were overbearing in the right circumstances.
Tony blinked.  It couldn't have already been an hour?
, right? Sure, because
He took about an hour to huddle up in the corner of a roof next to an air conditioner, shivering even though he wasn't cold.
to. Can we leave the house?"
Donner clutched his barely-touched champagne glass, looking nervous again.  "But-- but what if I need-- need to go back?"
Fury had no follow-up with Steve about the cube, which was not unusual.  Fury rarely followed up on things. Still, it was unsettling. It was unclear if Steve had been any help or if the thing was still undulating strangely, and Clint, the only one who had any firsthand information, was unable to tell Steve about it.  ("Sorry, man. It's classified.")
...Jesus, all of Steve's old friends were ancient.
Steve's phone interrupted his scrolling with a call from Fury.
to me?  Have you been watching
"Ow!  Stark!"
DeSoto hummed contentedly.
Steve was fully aware that Tony was coming off as a bit of a jerk right now. But he knew him deep down. Tony had talked him down from a panic attack and out of bad dreams. Steve knew
"He did what I would have done," said Pietro, wincing unhappily.  He flexed his fingers. "It is fine. No real damage. It just hurts.  But more importantly, we've paid our debt. Stark for Rogers. That was the deal."
fighting, but he does it anyway. He gets hurt in them, too."
Well.  It had been a big deal to Tony.  Considering how angry Steve had gotten him for wanting a side beta, Tony felt like it was unfair that Steve wouldn't mention that Tony hadn't been his first.  Tony felt
No time to cry over spilled milk.  Tony continued to yank on the wrench, every muscle straining; the beam hit the support plate for the arc reactor and for a moment Tony worried it would cut through that, too, but it only etched the surface of the stand.  (Tony had been using an adamantium alloy.  Thank Tesla.  Most metals would have warped hopelessly under the heat.)
"But Ms. Potts and President Ellis insist that--"
...Tony remembered Steve's comment to the
Steve took the steps back down to the workshop two at a time. "Tony...?" He stepped into the mess a little hesitantly. "How's it going?"
"Do you...er, usually fly naked?" He asked. "Doesn't it get a little hot and sweaty in that thing?"
"No.  Our lives," said the girl.
"You may show me," he said, tone guarded.  If the omega was trying to curry favor with him hoping it would benefit him later, it didn't matter.  When Karpov eventually came for him (he always did, after all), then he would follow orders, whatever they were.  But there was no harm, as far as he could tell, in gaining some new insight to bonding.
He'd never voiced his deep, deep fears about being seen as a weak Alpha.  He knew that Rhodey and Pepper, at least, probably had a damn good idea of what had happened over there, but they never spoke of it.  Aside from them, two field doctors (one of whom was dead, the other MIA), and Yinsen (also dead), and of course Tony's captors (dead), and maybe Obie (dead), the very worst part of that entire experience had been maintained in secrecy, only ever hinted at, never discussed.  Rhodey had been the one to pick him up in the middle of Bumfuck, Nowhere and take him to the field hospital, and Tony figured he might know something.
"Another suit?"
"That's the one!" James gushed. "Oh, you'll love it. Anyone remotely artsy loves it."
Compared to that, the charity gala would be a cakewalk.
," said Pepper, inclining her head toward Tony.
Wanda was curled up, arms still crossed over her chest.  "That's different! He's my brother! And at least he knocks!"
. "You're disgusting," he breathed, his voice trembling with emotion before he got up to leave. His jaw quivered a little. "I'm so sorry I'm not enough for you, Tony." And then he was walking out. Steve was hardly aware of his legs moving. Maybe Tony was following him; he didn't even know. He just knew he had to
"Looks like you won't have to retire after all, Colonel," said one of the men with a laugh.
Steve's head already had beads of precum on it, and Tony wasted no time in running his palm over the fluid and using it to begin stroking Steve in rhythm to his thrusts.
"Dr. Gleason?" prompted Pepper, sounding more than a bit desperate.
He offered Steve a hand and got out of bed.  Well, the sheets were probably ruined, but Tony could buy new sheets.  He was genuinely not terribly squeamish.  He didn't like blood, but he could deal with it.  He'd banged women on their periods-- not a deal-breaker for him-- and he'd gotten more than a few cuts and scrapes in the shop, many of which he'd bandaged himself.
, I can about Project PEGASUS, and you and I are going to deal with this thing together.  We're not going in blind, this isn't the forties.  We're going to educate ourselves and make sure we take every precaution, and everything is going to be okay."
"No," Aria murmured and stared down at her phone in her hands. "It don't.  Doesn't."
Tony wasn't surprised.  Gene Bennett had been so incredibly charming and careful and kind, and all of Gene's friends had nothing but nice things to say about him.  On the outside, it looked like Gene was just a pleasant guy who was good at setting people up.
Fury and Steve were both grinning down at him.
But it was also important to put young men in their place sometimes.
"...run.  Run, run, run!" said Tony, grabbing Steve's hand.
"Well, that's fucked up," said Tony calmly, bending down and rooting around the fridge.
"...and I didn't
Steve felt shame run through him. He thought the feeling belonged to him but he wasn't entirely sure. He was almost shaking. Didn't Tony want him? Had Steve fucked this up forever?  He wasn't right a
"Fuck him!  ...eh... eh..."  Tony squirmed.
Steve had started doing lengths underwater, trying to focus on his exercise and ignore the chilling feeling of Bucky's thoughts plaguing on his mind. Maybe it was like when he'd been trying to tell Tony he was in Yemen. Bucky reaching out.  Then again, maybe it was something like-- maybe HYDRA was just trying to fuck with him
"Easy boy. Drink." Aria said and shoved another glass in his face. Steve drank it slowly this time. Downing it had made him feel queasy before.
The board was going to hate him.  It was ten o’clock already and Tony knew how awful the board was to deal with at the end of the week; a last-minute delay or cancellation would send them into a frenzy.  Maybe that was why he was avoiding the meeting.  Or maybe he just wanted a little payback for yesterday.
Tony's arm broke out in goosebumps as Steve traced his skin.
"That's classified," Mac cut in, clearly trying to keep his voice gentle.
A nurse walked in to change Steve's IV bag; she smiled a little at Tony.  Tony stared back at her. She was pretty and in other circumstances Tony certainly would have flirted with her.  Guilt was coursing through him.
During their first years together, admittedly, Karpov had made him kneel, pressed his cheek into his thigh.  Karpov wasn't bonded and he was curious what it felt like. It felt like nothing in particular, to be honest.  But it had impressed on him the idea that HYDRA had instilled in him earlier, that all men would someday be equal.  Alphas and omegas would
Steve took Bucky's hand and they stepped out into the hallway. "Will you show me to the director's office?" he asked, clearly having zero interest in trying to run. "I'm sorry Buck. But we have to do this, to keep you safe,"
Malick was turning red with an interesting combination of anger and embarrassment.  Tony crossed his arms casually, as if it were perfectly normal to attend a black-tie event while wearing nothing but underwear, trainers, sunglasses, and a watch.
"You know, Tony... at the party, Sam was hitting on me.  And I'm not into Alphas, or guys. But I shrugged and laughed it off and no one thinks any less of me for that.  You know what I'm saying?"
"Sixteen.  ...ah, seventeen, come this July," said George.
Tony realized suddenly he was forty-one now.
Tony was getting his usual gooey look he got when he talked machines.  He ran a hand over the spoiler with a loving caress, then grabbed the fob and pushed.  The doors opened upward instead of out, Tony slipped into the passenger's seat with a grin.  "C'mon!  It's 2010, Steve.  No special licenses for omegas anymore.  You're free to drive McLarens and Bugattis and Teslas and Lambos and Astons.  My toys are your toys.  Now let's go, I'm hungry."
Pepper let out a long breath and closed her eyes for a brief moment. "Okay then JARVIS. Could you please tell Tony that his mate is currently suffering and afraid and bleeding on the floor of his bedroom? And quite possibly just had HYDRA find a way to take over his body and right now a good Alpha wouldn't be sulking downstairs, he would be
Coulson and Sitwell both burst into laughter.  Phil actually looked like he was going to start crying; he was wheezing a little with mirth.  Steve had never seen him laugh that hard.
Despite his toughened appearance, DeSoto seemed like he had an almost childlike mentality.  As if it had been a long time since he'd formed any real opinions.
someone, other than Karpov.  He wasn't supposed to like anyone.  But Captain America's whole person... it
"...again?  Jesus Christ, come on, how hard is it to keep out of the shot?" demanded Howard.  "...speaking of shots, Patty, refresh my drink, will you...?"
"Товарный ваг--"
"Yes, sir."
"Ah!  Ah, ah, ah!  Bah-bah-bah-bah-bah!" said Tony in protest, darting after Steve.  "Hey! Wait! Wait-wait-wait! Stevie!" Tony fell into step behind Steve as he wove through the mass of writhing bodies, pulsing to the music.  The lights had been lowered and he was at least getting less attention, though people were still excitedly calling out to him. "Steve! Hey! Look, I'm sorry, it didn't seem like a big deal!  Look, you know I'm a big idiot, c'mon, I didn't know it was bugging you that I was hanging out with Ji-Yoo-- she's twenty-six, by the way-- but now that I know, I won't put my arm around her anymore, I thought that was okay!
They walked slowly, Tony clearly trying not to limp.
"You and him were scent-mates, weren't you?"
The drink made Tony fall asleep quickly that night. Steve took him up to bed then came back downstairs to chat with Aria about jobs that had come up. She had offered to arrange for the omega rights people to come up on New Year's Eve. They wouldn't pass up a chance to attend an infamous Stark party and Steve was sure that they could find plenty of time to chat, especially when everyone was staying till at least midnight. Then if more serious talks needed to follow they would follow.
"He blew up his DeLorean," said Tony abruptly.  "The week before he died. I had this idea, for a drone.  This was in the eighties. Yeah. He was actually pretty impressed.  Anyways. He used it to blow up the DeLorean. He loved that car. He had-- I shit you not, Steve-- he had a fuckin' grenade in his desk.  It was a lesson, see. This idea that you could weaponize anything. He stuck this grenade onto the drone with chewing gum--
"...one to three weeks for Phase Two of Eve."
"I was informed that, for your own safety--" began JARVIS.
"I'm just here to give you guys an anniversary present!" he said and moved around to the boot. And from that, he produced a hamper, which, for all intents and purposes, looked entirely innocent. Steve wasn't sure what he'd be given. Guns, knives? He sort of hated using both. He hoped they were would give him some kind of blunt weapon...but there definitely wasn't space for a shield in that thing.
Donner looked up on his own, hope shining on his face.  "Giddy sent you?" he asked, unable to contain the excitement in his voice.
but after some light reading on tackling alcoholism (because that's blatantly what this was) he'd learned that if you cut if off all at once you could actually kill or damage the alcoholic themselves as their body depended on it. Tony was already drinking considerably less than he had been before- baby steps, Steve reminded himself. In the end Tony, was his own person and Steve couldn't protect him from himself forever however much he might try to.
"JARVIS, you know that's never stopped him before.  He's practically comatose.  What's going on?"
"He will.  In one or two days, you'll be a mess and you know he's not in control of himself.  It's time to send him away now, Pietro."
Tony felt a lump in his throat but didn't ask because he just didn't care.  The last two months had been so lonely and he missed having Steve around all the time to even out his life.  Without Steve and his regular sleep schedule, relatively healthy eating, exercise regime, and general care toward Tony, Tony had fallen back into every bad habit he had and gained a few others, and he was a mess.  He wanted to go back to the way they were the previous year: happy. Even if that meant being under constant scrutiny by the press, having his dominance constantly questioned, having a "misbehaving," uppity omega who liked to stir up trouble every other month.  Tony didn't care. He wanted Steve. He would march around the capital holding up a horseshoe flag if he had to.
"I...I need something inside me, please, Alpha," Steve whispered, voice soft but sincere and
Tony could tell Steve was trying to brush it off.  He always did the same thing with Pepper, once he started coming to his senses, trying to downplay the seriousness.  He wanted to smother Steve with affection, but he knew how awful it was to feel helpless after a flashback.  He forced himself to back off.
Tony looked down at Steve after he'd undressed him, drinking in the entire picture.  "My omega," he murmured, mostly to himself.  Those words would never get old.  He felt enraptured; this must be how people felt about things like religion or organized sports, both things Tony had never quite understood people's fanatical passion for.
"He means--" Steve leaned down, his head in his hands. "He means the camps use them so the omegas can practice being Alphas." The words tasted foul in his mouth. "The people who don't care about an omega being used are other omegas who are being forced into Alphahood.  So they either end up as servants in peoples' homes who can't leave, forced into prostitution or... camps. Jesus Christ." He hated himself for it but he wondered if Ty had done it...had been with another omega they'd bought off some dodgy auction because they told him to.
"They've broken the countertop before. That's nothing new," Pepper breathed and reached down to pick at some cheesy bites that Mackenzie had picked up. She wasn't normally one for this kind of fast food but after the night and morning she'd had she felt she'd earned it. She chewed on a cheesy bite slowly.
"I need you to pull Tony together.  Tell him to call Steve, because Steve..." Natasha sighed. "Look, I won't pretend to know Tony all that well but I know Steve, Miss Potts. Steve is
"Hello?"
"Listen... I'm not going to make you do anything you don't want to," said Rhodey.  "We're going to hand Gene Bennet a half a million for you, and then whatever you do next is up to you.  You can stay here and let them whore you out like this. You can tell them that this was a set-up and they'll probably be more careful in the future.  I can't force you to come with me. But if you come with me I can make sure that you're safe. I can make sure no one else lays a finger on you."
Tony was relieved when Steve and Sam returned from their showers.  Steve looked refreshed. Sam was still wheezing noticeably from the run.
Tony didn't feel like he needed a promise; Aunt Peggy wouldn't steal his mate away.  Ugh.  How embarrassingly
"...Mr. Stark..." said Malick, who looked like he felt the need to intervene but wasn't certain how to go about it.  "...do you typically drink this much?"
Charlie turned even redder and then disappeared into the cockpit.
"...you don't have to do that, Steve," said Tony awkwardly.  Rarely had he turned down sex, but he didn't know how he was supposed go ravage Steve when Steve's body had made it clear he didn't want him.  The gland, the way the omega-serum tasted, the mark, the way Tony's knot had hurt Steve two nights before... "Come on, get up. You're Captain America, you're an omega civil rights leader, you shouldn't kneel for anyone."  Tony scooted over a little, to make room for Steve on the couch and also so he could see the TV screen, which Steve was currently blocking. He patted the seat he had made available, an invitation for Steve to sit on the couch.
All the papers on the desk blew off, and suddenly, a young man who had not been there before was standing there with them, chewing gum idly.
The office was a more serious atmosphere this time. When they got in everyone had their heads down and working. Steve swallowed nervously as Ian and Kerry looked up. He walked over to Kerry's desk. She could see on his face that something was wrong. "Two visits in two days? Is something up?"
"What?  No! I've been a paratrooper since the nineties!
"You don't have to like it Tony," Steve whispered. "Accepting it, and emotionally dealing with something...they're very different things."
Steve's voice.
?  I've never even worn one before. Why do I give a shit?"
"Who's Godzilla?" asked Steve.
She paused.  "Okay.  I'm in D.C. and on my way now.  Sending back-up agents in the area.  Try to run crowd control; get Tony to deal with the suits."
Wanda sat beside him, watching his face.  Then, carefully, she brought her hands up.  Her brows knitted.
He heard a suddenly, soft ripping and he glanced down.  He had been clinging to Steve's shirt and managed to tear a hole in it.
"You should call me Captain. On the battlefield I won't be your omega, Tony." Steve leaned into his touch and sat up in the bath, his expression softening a little. "I'll be your leader. I'm not expecting you to follow my every word. But someone has to be in control of a situation. Not following orders can sometimes have grim consequences." He eyes glazed over a little, like he was remembering something. Steve shook his head and was smiling again. "And no ass slapping out on the field, either."
Tony wasn't sure why but he felt compelled to have a cigarette.  He had given up smoking ever since Afghanistan.
He'd heard of this, of people who bonded because the moment they met, the smell triggered some deep, primal instinct, made them fall instantly in love.  Betas talked about "love at first sight," but for Alphas and omegas, it was love at first smell, and unlike sight, it was more often right than not. Compatibility was felt at a deep and primal level.  Not everyone (indeed, only a lucky few) experienced it.
"And it's not too late with Ty, Tony... it's never too late."
He panted as he came down, leaning his forehead back against the sofa before he doubted he could take his weight. His hands flexed under Tony's now-loose grip and he smiled a little. Steve let out a weak laugh. "I think...we might have to buy them a new sofa," he breathed, hair stuck to his forehead. And he'd just showered. Goddammit.
"The guy you were bonded to, first?  I heard about that," said One quietly.  "...isn't he still alive? He must be like a hundred."
He stared at Steve, pinning him.  There was something delightfully
Bucky looked at him fondly.  He'd missed all these petty little squabbles.  He'd missed
Tony eased into the room; a young woman with short hair was gesturing for him to come in.
Lightning-fast, Natasha was suddenly behind Sitwell, a garrote around his neck, choking him.  His eyes bulged and he gasped, reaching up to claw at it.
"Let go of his leg and you'll get cookies," Laura said and Cooper let go almost instantly.
Natasha shifted in her seat a little. "Yes," she replied calmly.
Steve's face fell.
, for God's sake! The man was being abused by a different Alpha every night and yet was hesitating because of Steve. Because Steve was a bad omega and apparently nothing would change Donner's mind about that fact. It would be easier if Donner just hated him for causing so much shit in his life but he didn't... it was like he looked down on Steve. Poor stupid Steve who didn't really know how to act or behave.
"No... Stevie..."
, Steve thought. And he really wasn't. Bucky was exactly where he left him and he sure was hell was stuck where he was.  Steve tried not to think about it.  Whenever he thought of Bucky, eternally asleep, frozen in time, as he had been, he felt a deep, overwhelming sadness.
something.  I'm supposed to be a better Alpha than this."  He cuddled into Steve's body.  Steve's face was in his chest and Tony's arms were wrapped around Steve's body, and he was all too aware that Steve was bigger, his body solid.
spinning," he added glibly.
form."  He took a swig of the alcohol, coughing and choking a little on the burning liquor.  Bottom-shelf gin.  Ugh.
." Not familiar to Steve. Oh well. "What's it like being bonded to Tony Stark?"
"...Steve, I don't wanna hurt you," he said.
"I don't like Alphas!  Or men!" hissed Rhodey.
"Yeah, I bet they don't let you guys watch the news, huh?"
"That's it! That's the end of questions!" a woman called, the lights dimming on the stage. Before Steve knew what was happening Tony was pulling on his hand and guiding him up and off the stage. They walked down the steps and Steve's legs felt like jelly.
Pietro stared at the television, face unreadable.  "...James," he said quietly. "...turn that garbage off."
At the frat party he and Rhodey had met at, Tony had been doing mental math for shots.  The Stark Wunderkind, they called him; he was something of a mascot, a seventeen-year-old who was balls-deep in two Masters programs and was known for hovering around the robotics lab helping out Ph.D candidates for fun.
Steve paused.
Pepper was walking into the kitchen reviewing a checklist; she wove through the caterers with enviable elegance, never bumping them even though her attention appeared fixed on her tablet.
He was aware that there was a sense of... unease.  He hadn't really been paying attention to Steve but suddenly he was overly conscious of his omega feeling upset.
"Captain Rogers has a pretty solid history of rouge missions," said Phil.  "...literally, his very first mission was completely unauthorized."
, just a little messed up," he breathed. "You can't see all the marks you leave on a person. The 'marks' you left on me are vastly different to the ones left on me in that cage, Tony."
He peeled away his oily clothes and then looked at Steve with a grin.  "I'm all oiled up and naked. Please tell me you're not going to let this opportunity go to waste?"  He sidled up to Steve, careful not to touch his white shirt and get any motor oil on it, then dropped to his knees and nuzzled Steve's groin.
wasn't grammatically correct and Karpov had warned him that Americans in particular clung stubbornly to their unhealthy love of democracy.  It was like an addiction, he'd explained.
Pepper turned to give Tony a stern look. "You don't drink anymore tonight, you hear me Tony? It'll make you feel worse and you'll be no good to Steve drunk."
Tony let out a small whine and curled up tighter.
"...would you really... wear a thing for me?" asked Tony, looking up at Steve, who was finishing off his apple.  Somehow, he managed to make even the simple act of eating an apple attractive. Tony would normally lose his mind at someone eating fruit in his room, which was mostly white, because Tony abhorred stickiness.  But with Steve he didn't mind so much.
Tony cracked open one bloodshot eye.
"You can't help being born what you were, just like I can't." Steve insisted. He ran a hand down Tony's arm and then tangled their fingers together. "And you order, like, everyone around. When I first met you I have to admit I thought you were a bit of a jerk," he smiled faintly and nuzzled against Tony's cheek.
"Aria. You need to breathe. Calm down."
Jarvis nodded his agreement.  "No, ma'am."  He made no move to leave and Tony wondered if you could cancel a 911 call like cancelling a pizza.  It occurred to him that Jarvis had probably never made the call in the first place.  Nick clearly not a threat and undoubtedly Jarvis had a certain sense of unspoken omega solidarity with him.
"I'm sorry," he said, feigning innocence. "I have no idea what you're talking about. And, how did you get this number?"
Sam edged slowly around Tony, pulling out his phone.  He snapped a picture of the face off of the floor and sent it off to someone. Pepper frowned, looking deeply disturbed.
Steve almost felt the need to reach up and trace the mark on the back of his neck that Tony had left. He watched Stone's gaze drift over to the kitchen and then back to him. He swallowed. He couldn't imagine it noting being there...it was an integral part of him.
Aria dragged Steve through the front doors while Pepper snagged Tony's sleeve; both were too agitated to focus properly on verbal instructions. Some scuffling could be heard from the kitchen the moment they entered the front door.
Tony reached up and gave his chest a few whacks.  "Shit... oh, shit..." he murmured.  Ivan.  From Monaco.  Not dead.  Somehow, inexplicably, not dead.  Alive and hell-bent on revenge.
"And you don't
With quite a bit of stumbling and getting tangled up in towels they ended up in their bedroom, falling into bed with each other, still naked. Steve curled against Tony, contently, a smile on his lips as his eyes slipped shut. He was still so terribly sore, but a little less after the bath now ,and it felt good to have Tony so close and warm (and not quite so sticky and sweaty.) The bed would no doubt get nested and ruined tomorrow, but that was tomorrow and it didn't matter right now.
Karpov crouched in front of them, resting his elbows on his knees.
"Ty," said Tony suddenly, struck by a vague, dream-like memory.  "Did you say we were friends?"
Donner picked at the label on the water bottle.  "Yessir."
"Heats are no more crazy than menstrual cycles, vaginal birth, or menopause," she pointed out.
DeSoto shook his head vehemently.  "No. I'm not a bad omega," he said quickly.  "
As Tony picked up the pace Steve curled his legs up, feet pressing into the small of Tony's back to draw the alpha in deeper with each thrust. He was letting out soft, breathy little moans with his head thrown back against the soft living room carpet. Every time Tony thrust inside Steve trembled around him, clenching around him too as he felt more slick gather on his thighs from just how goddamn aroused he was.
Pepper's eyes widened.  "Tony.
A companionable silence accompanied them for the next twenty minutes or so before Sam spoke up again.
Steve took the glass. "Yes ma'am." She hit his arm.
terms, okay? You may say anything you like and review it later after your heat."
Tony's breath hitched.  He could have cried with relief but he was too in shock.  He was kneeling by Steve, the ringing sharp and painful in his ears, watching Steve move his arm with a wincing expression.  Steve touched his cheek.  His mouth was moving; his brow was furrowed and whatever he was saying looked sincere.
"Five, maybe six.  Seriously, you should get an act together."
He had wondered, all weekend, what the bedroom lives of these Alpha-omega pairs were like.  Were the omegas are dopey and docile in bed as they were in public? Was sex just a chore to them?  Tony couldn't imagine any of them in heat, frankly.
"Oh no.  No!" gasped Pepper.  "No, no, no, no... no... this is not happening..."
"Please tell me this is a normal Alpha thing."
"Motherfucker, they've killed the asset!"
.  The issue wasn't that Tony didn't like that.  The issue was Steve's status.  And Tony hated himself for discovering that, even though he respected Steve, he couldn't fully relinquish power to him.
...but maybe Steve could try and find him and fix him. Maybe he could save Bucky from himself. But that was for another day. Steve was still stuck in a bed and according Natasha he'd been trying to have sex with him whilst he was unconscious... he needed to follow up on that.  That just didn't sound like Bucky.
"Right now my current intentions revolve madly around grabbing a scotch," replied Tony.
he was interested in. He blushed a little but fortunately Pepper was polite enough to already be leaving. This was probably nothing she hadn't seen before of Tony, Steve was aware of that. But he wasn't sure if he was ready for her to see him like...this just yet. Or ever, ideally.
Maybe Steve had secretly wanted this. He didn't know. He'd always been self-destructive.
.  He deserved to suffer.
Pepper propped her elbow onto the counter, avoiding the crack, and sipped her wine with an appreciative sigh.  "Stark, Sr., casts a long shadow in this household." She frowned a little. "...you should probably prep Steve for March.  Tony visits their graves. He gets... moody." That was a polite way of putting it; Pepper assumed Aria would know what to do with that information.  "Anything I need to know about his father?" she asked bluntly. She'd been involved for so long in Tony's affairs that she was pretty sure she knew more about him than he knew about himself.  Actually, she was sure of it. Tony didn't know his own allergies (opiates) or blood type (A+) or whether or not he was registered to vote (yes) or dentist's name (Robert Jelicich). Pepper's enormous cache of information was her first line of defense against Tony's precarious hold on his own sanity.  In the last decade she had rarely been caught off-guard; in instances when Tony suddenly discovered something about himself he didn't like, Pepper was usually already prepared to handle it.
Tony topped off his drink and turned around.  Steve was standing there in the doorway; Tony nearly had a heart attack.
"Hey, so, how's your honeymoo-"
Tony shifted a little on top of Steve.  Nothing killed a good knot like talking about this stuff.  Tony pulled out of Steve but remained lying on top of him.  He felt shame and guilt at how he'd never recognized how fucked up everything was.  It didn't affect him.  He had a vague notion that Ana, Jarvis's wife, had been in an arranged bond during the war, but either she had escaped or it had fallen through because of the war.  Details were sketchy.  Another history lost because Tony hadn't thought it necessary to actually talk to an omega.
Steve was horrified but he tried not to show it. Not at what they were going to make Bucky do, but at how calm he seemed about it. How accepting. How could he just accept hurting Steve like this?
"I'll just leave my card," said Richard.
"Tuesday?  ...no, no, I was hoping... you see, I'm unbonded and I was hoping we might hit it off," said George.
"No.  Six hours before the simulation all you're allowed is water. It sometimes makes people throw up so it's best that way," Steve said, unable to fight back the tug in his chest. He wished Tony wasn't so reliant on alcohol. He knew he wasn't the perfect example of mental health himself but he still cared.
They pushed into one of the back doors of the school, walking back down the tiled hallway toward the lobby.
Also Tony couldn't tell if she was a beta or what.  She was wearing perfume, but beneath it, Tony kept getting wisps of a scent that wasn't beta but wasn't anything else, either.  It felt rude to ask but once he'd noticed he couldn't help but wonder.
In a way, Tony thought, it was a fitting penance.  He'd been such a dick in the past to omegas and women.  Not intentionally, but...
Tony examined a baseball pennant on the wall.  "Hey, Steve... you know the Dodgers moved to Los Angeles, right?" he asked.  "They haven't been the Brooklyn Dodgers in, like, sixty years..."
Steve's face was unreadable for a moment. "I remember I could only afford a pine coffin. But I decorated it myself. I painted flowers on every side and patterns around the edges. The vicar told me it was beautiful.  The quartet down the road came and sang a few songs for free. It was peaceful. Nothing flashy, but Ma wouldn't have wanted flashy."
Casually, he added, "Steve got re-bonded."
Steve realized, after the conversation with Gideon, that he should probably call George. He didn't manage to get through to him but left a brief but vague message. No one who listened to it would be able to tell that George actually had Donner.
"We could probably squeeze it out if we
The bodyguards relaxed; Pepper dragged a hand over her face; Beth was staring at Tony with a look of disgust.
to them because they certainly weren't moving before.
The clatter had attracted the attention of the men in the room.  They turned, spotted Steve, and began shouting.
"Erik told me.  He was extremely interested in talking with you and Banner about it.  Thought we could have a little think tank together."
"Right, yeah, that's Steve's.  We wanna keep that," said Tony.  "Just clean it off and put it away."
Tomorrow, he planned to go through the itinerary Pepper had drawn up.  The next one-and-a-half weeks, Tony could just focus on work stuff. Pepper would like that and it would give him an excuse not to be in Steve's way.  Then they'd go to the Conference, Steve could do his whole omega thing, Tony could take advantage of the open bar, and then they could go home, and Tony would go back to working on the Mark VII.  Yes, everything would work out nicely. Tony just had to keep himself busy, that was all.
"I can't remember," he said, and his voice wavered.  He was shaking.  He was displaying weakness.  Yes, he was definitely going back to the chair for this one.
"What's your real name?"
"I just don't think he can trust me. Ever since the beginning, when I spied on him, and then with Bucky...when I tell him that it's him I want, why doesn't he believe me? I've said it so much. I've given him everything. But I can't
Wanda raised an eyebrow.  "I can't hack computer systems, Pietro."
"I think you've bothered Captain America enough for one day," Jed said, appearing by Steve's side and patting his shoulder.
Pepper appraised Steve.  His neck had several bruises, yellowed with healing.  Even though he'd been sleeping, there were bags under his eyes, and he was sweating as if he'd been exercising.
though. Steve was almost taken back to a time in the lab, when Howard was making a comment to him about Peggy, joking about that fondue incident on the plane.
"He's useless Steve. You're not going to get anything else out of him." Natasha sighed, nudging the older beta with the butt of her gun. The touch was almost gentle. "Cooperate and you won't end up like that." The scientist nodded frantically.
"...how 'bout we get you to bed and hand you off to him?"
He could still feel Steve's misery; it was palpable.  Steve felt guilt and disappointment and even a hint of fear.  All normal emotions for an omega who felt like they'd let their Alpha down.
"Who did you say you were?"
Steve had already managed to break in door 5; Tony felt pathetic, still trying to break in to door 3.
"We need to find an omega from the conference. He's called Donner; he
"Sure--"
"--get somewhere safe, away from him," said Bucky.
I suppose I could have cut out the entire part with Doug making pancakes but I refuse, because a) Captain America canonically prefers pancakes over waffles, and b) the Marvel marketing team came out with a Captain America WAFFLE IRON.  Until this injustice is rectified and they replace that waffle iron with a griddle, I am going to insist on feeding Steve pancakes in most fics.  Sorry, not sorry.  - T
Tony ignored her, making his way heavily up the stairs after Steve.  The nice thing about all this commotion was that it was a very, very good distraction from the upcoming twenty-fifth anniversary of his parents' death.  He'd never quite learned how to cope with it and it still hit him a lot harder than he'd like to admit.
He was pretty sure he heard Gideon laugh. Steve tried to get but the hand on his neck kept him down. He trembled. His heat was coming on already.
"Mr. Stark?" repeated Riley, louder.
"They pop 'em in the omega pen in the hospitality suite tomorrow so you can look them over," Eric reassured him.
"Now, speaking of life-changing decisions--" began Banksy.
, he consoled himself.
The tone was teasing but the praise underlining it was evident.
A shiver ran down his spine and he straightened up.
And here: a photo of Howard and Maria posing in front of the Eiffel tower, his arm around her shoulders.
Karpov realized what he meant.  His hand shot out and he slapped Yasic; his cigarette went flying.
"Thank you for your understanding," said Tony.  He looked a lot more serious than Steve had perhaps ever seen him.  "The specter of those weapons will probably haunt me for the rest of my life... that Ambassador IV undid in an instant all the good you've done for years."  (The refugee camp was for Tutsi refugees from Rwanda though it also had a number of Dinka from Sudan; Aria had tried to fill Steve in on current events but the problems of northeast Africa had proved too hard for her to easily explain and in the end she'd just sent him a few Wikipedia links.)
Tony had never felt this jittery without espresso.  His whole body felt charged up.  He felt
After a moment Steve leaned onto the work bench, relaxing; Tony eased Steve out of his mouth, his fingers still inside him.
Tony sulked in his seat, texting Pepper furiously for details about the relationship.  "How long?"
Tony's relationship with his parents hadn't been "precious" and Tony wasn't grateful for his past and he sure as fuck wasn't going to cry over the future he'd never had.  So what if he was orphaned as a teenager. Good riddance; it was only a matter of time before he and Howard killed each other anyway. Perhaps not literally, although there had been plenty of times Howard had chased Tony around the house with a belt.  Tony remembered Lupita telling him it was normal for Alpha boys, going through puberty, to feud with their fathers; it was a dominance thing, perfectly natural, and they would get over it. But they never had. Howard had died without any sort of resolution to their feud and Tony had stubbornly refused to forgive him for anything for the last twenty-five years.  If anything, Tony took a savage sort of pleasure in knowing he was withholding that.
"I don't think I've ever seen you so easily pleased in the morning before," Steve commented softly, cheeks not quite losing their pinkness. He walked over and curled his arms around Tony's shoulders loosely as he leaned in to kiss him, parting his lips and letting his Alpha lead as tongues nudged together. When they parted for air Steve's eyes were perhaps a touch darker than they were before. He smiled faintly but sincerely, their breaths mingling together because they were close.
Frond stepped up to him and Steve admittedly felt a little unnerved. He felt like he was squaring up with a more asshole version of Natasha. Not because of her dominance, but the way she just
"Naw.  I only ride in cop cars if I'm in the back," said Tony.  This failed to get a laugh from her; he frowned.
"I'm doing good," Sixteen said, her voice sweet like honey as she stepped closer.
"Make my nose worse?  I'll make
The Alpha below him laughed breathlessly. "You think you're untouchable. I tell you w-what Captain-" Steve cut him off as he wrenched his leg back. It definitely broke that time, bent awkwardly at the knee.
Steve sat with his knees drawn close to his chest. He looked almost child-like. Natasha was getting a smaller box out of the elaborate first aid on the wall. He swallowed. "So how do we do this?"
Tony walked back over to the pool and slid in, hanging on the edge with his elbows, one hand holding the neck of the bottle.
Tony pulled off one of his cucumber slices and opened an eye, frowning.  A woman in a neat pantsuit was holding a white phone out to him. He realized that Steve had left his own cell upstairs, and Tony had turned his off.
Steve noticed the use of a male pronoun quite pointedly. "What, like you'd discipline a dog?"
"Small mercies," Natasha hummed.
" he yelled, still trying to lunge at Brennan, the only one he was currently capable of recognizing as a threat.  The rest of the people in the room were either betas or omegas.
Steve sucked in a breath when Tony shifted underneath him and he felt his arousal pressing up against the swell of his ass. Were they going to talk about it? Do anything about it? Because it was getting harder to ignore and Steve was only getting wetter down...there. He wished he wasn't so inexperienced with all of this now.
"Did I...?"  Tony let the question hover uncertainly in the air.  Steve had made him breakfast.  That's what people did, right?  After sex?  Made each other breakfast?  Tony wouldn't know, he had never done that.  When he was done, he would sleep, then let himself out before his partner woke and let Pepper handle the aftermath.  Tony Stark did not make people breakfast.  He also didn't cuddle or do any sort of post-coital pillow talk.  Not his style.  "Did we...?"
...he could probably win...
They talked about the charity and how it was developing for a good ten minutes, Boswell in fact prompting some of the more serious topics of discussion. Such as some of the hostile reception to it and the opposition Steve would face. But he answered every question with a winning smile and a glint in the corner of his eye. Banksy took the topic and lead it into the forties, however. (Steve was really quite fed up of talking about an era people could just learn about through google, honestly.)
"Okay, Tony..."
"Dad wasn't an idiot," said Tony.  There was no bite in his words. He sounded flat and distant; his ample brain power was being used up to keep a vice-like hold on his emotions.  He lapsed back into silence, staring at the stones still. An hour passed; Tony didn't move, still lost in his own mind, oblivious to Steve and to the light snowfall that began to come down around them.
Gasoline was flammable.
"Maybe someday," said Steve, staring at George's little flat where he and Luke had once lived.  "...maybe someday."
"And was part of the plan bugging my phone and my laptop and my apartment?" Steve asked, voice sharp and unforgiving.
"Yes, sir.  Hail, HYDRA."  He saluted, turned on his heel, and exited.
"Shall I remove Mr. Kruger's Christmas from the list?" asked JARVIS drily.
Steve's eyes flickered open to meet the other's, their faces a lot closer than they had been before. Bucky could see his tear stained cheeks, the pale skin there pinkish. "Thank you," swallowed Steve thickly.
Tony pushed his nose against Steve's, going slightly crossed-eyed.  They smiled at each other.
"I doubt Steve knows much more than you do," said Clint.  "They didn't figure out the genetics of any of this or discover the bonding glands until the 1960s."
"...is V-neck gauche?" he wondered, standing inside his carpeted, walk-in closet, staring at himself in a full-length mirror.  The V-neck framed the arc reactor perfectly, calling attention to it.  "I think my only other shirt is this one and I think it's about thirty years old."  He held up a gray t-shirt.  The reason he thought it was thirty years old was immediately apparent; it had the logo for the 1974 Stark Expo on it.
"Hi, my name is Richard Emmett. A guy named Eric recommended you to me at the conference, yeah--" He paused to laugh. "I'm looking for something really specific and I was told you are
very thing.
lied.  He'd lied on his CV, lied about his credentials, lied about his date of birth... but Tony felt the story he told was better, if not
(Not necessarily negative, but certainly insensitive.)
, and
times..."
He took Steve's hand and slid the ring onto his finger.  "...not too bad for our first anniversary, huh?" said Tony, kissing the back of Steve's hand.
Tracy laughed and grabbed Steve's hand; apparently, she knew how to swing dance.
"Well, no one said that our plan would be
"Entertainment gets here in fifteen," Aria told Tony and Rhodey as she breezed by them. "Be ready, boys."  She smiled at Steve, eyes bright. Clearly, whoever it was, she was proud of having booked them.
"He's his own omega."
"Everyone's different," said Dr. Gleason tactfully, pulling away.  The large syringe was filled with a pink-tinged fluid that smelled strongly.  It wasn't exactly a bad smell but it was incredibly familiar to Steve. It was...
This was
"Did you even manage to get any sleep?" Steve asked with a sigh.  He didn't want to have this conversation while Tony was tired because Tony got cranky and emotional when he was exhausted.
"I wouldn't let you do anything I didn't want," Steve pointed out calmly. He could have pushed Tony off easily at any point...but he hadn't.  "Heat?" He echoed with a frown. "What...? No. I won't have one for months now, I just had one Tony...you know that." So why would Tony ask? Was he confused? Didn't he know how heats worked?  "It kind of feels like we want each other despite all that," Steve said carefully and then stood, going to fetch Tony a glass of water. He pressed the chilly, wet glass into the other's hand when he returned, their fingers brushing briefly before he stepped away, giving the Alpha space. Steve wasn't usually so forward but he was sick of lying-- and he figured after everything he owed it to Tony to be honest.
The room broke out in a smattering of applause as Rex began rolling up all the posters.  Richard leaned his elbows on the lectern, scanning the crowd for anyone with questions.
The asset had no idea what he meant; he just wanted to see him.  "But I want to see him," he persisted.
Tony set him down gingerly and, with a moment's hesitation, pulled off his face plate so they were face-to-face.
"Okay, well, I'll just need you to fill out some forms..."
, isn't it?"  Pepper's tone left no room for argument.
thought Tony, closing his eyes, feeling the world rock him.  He'd drunk enough enough that he was feeling better.  Well... not better.  But empty, which was better than the agony of losing Steve.  He felt like a shell.  A taco shell, specifically, the crunchy fragile kind that always split when you bit into it and spilled its contents everywhere.  But Tony no longer had anything to spill.  He was all dried up, a husk.
He reached out to take Tony's hand because he couldn't not. He needed to feel grounded. His heart was in his throat. Steve must have looked deadly in that moment. He looked ready to tear the place down.
He had a phone call to make.
got to touch him like that, especially not goddamn Tony Stark.  Howard’s son.
"You're an omega, kiddo!  And that's okay! Look at Steve, he's an omega and he's--
Steve stepped back with a shiny look in his blue eyes. "I'm gonna go run a bath, yeah?" He said as he grabbed a pancake, rolling it up and devouring it in about two bites. He was a good cook when he wanted to be. "Maybe shoot Pepper a text now, if you want to..." he suggested tentatively.  Steve offered a small but genuine smile. "I'll just go run that bath now."
Steve had been expecting to wake up alone but still wasn't happy about it. The sheets were cold and pushed back, suggestive of what should have been there. He sighed and sat up, rubbing a hand over his face. He found a text from Aria on his phone saying that she and Pepper weren't coming around today to give them space. He replied with a quick thanks.
putting this back on. It must be hurting so much."
"Can you smell something?" Boswell asked as he strolled past, still wearing the Santa hat.  He pulled a face. Banksy followed him, frowning a little.
Tony glanced over as Steve threw his phone against the wall.  "That wasn't nice," he said lazily before turning back to the movie.
"Can we hold hands again?" he asked, hopeful, desperate.
"No," said Sitwell.
"Sorry, Stark, but you're a long way from getting involved with that one.  How's the ribs, Rogers?"
like sex."  He didn't like the way Steve was eyeing him.  Aggressively, dominantly... like another Alpha.  He spared Phil a glance. "I'm down for a threesome if you are."
," said Rhodey firmly.  He couldn't help but wonder if Tony was laughing at him back home.
"What about...?"  Sam's eyes darted downward, indicating the expansive garage beneath their feet.
Steve remained in preheat; Tony remained on top of him, largely feral, snapping at anyone who even looked too long at him.
On the bright side, thanks to Steve's dramatic entrance, no one was asking him why he seemed so hostile.  Every Alpha and omega in the room could tell.  But, luckily, both the president and his vice president were betas, so they were unaware.  (Tony had no doubt in his mind, though, that Louisa would clue her husband in once they were in private.  Betas who were in relationships with either status always got clued in eventually to what they were missing.)
He stopped speaking when the girl climbed into his lap and watched in fascination as she grabbed one of the strings of his hoodie and began to nibble on it.
Tony looked up to meet Steve's sincere blue eyes, and suddenly the atmosphere of the room grew serious.
Tony was thankful Steve wasn't there. He felt pathetic, lying on the floor.  There was another note on his clock.
me?  ...I'm not doing it!  You can't make me!  I'd literally rather die than go through my father's notes, trying to create some new element.  I've already tried every element, every ion, everything!  There's no replacement for palladium!  It can't be done!"
The omega laughed.  "That's from
"Please, Tony, don't drift away from me now," Steve pressed their foreheads together. "This day has been hell.  When our--" He stopped short.  When our baby left me, he had been going to say.
"Oh, please.  SHIELD knows all your dirty little secrets."
"Oh my God, could you go any slower?" whined Tony, eyes still shut.  "When can I open 'em?"
Steve has told him there was no other Alpha; Tony remembered it fuzzily from his party.  But Steve had lied about everything else.  Maybe he was with Natasha. Tony had been stupid to trust him.  Stupid to care.
"Just thinking about all the stuff people want me to do now.  All the shows they want me to appear on.  I don't know which ones are good, though..." muttered Steve worriedly.
Steve was shivering again with the heat, his eyes glazed over under his eyelids.  When he opened his eyes the world was unfocused like he was viewing it underwater His fingers tingled and he flexed them. Yes. That would keep away the frostbite. He didn't want to lose his fingers. Tony wouldn't like him without fingers; his lungs were already so bad-
.  Oh, yeah.  That's good.  ...sweet Edison I'm good.  ...I actually sort of love this stuff.  You want to do this this evening or tomorrow?  After they set up the cameras it'll take like thirty minutes to record."
Steve's breath hitched a little. "Are you still drunk?" he asked, loud enough to be heard over the thrusters. He already felt better now Tony was here; he felt
Steve tried to keep his voice calm. What he had to say was important. "Bucky. Stop growling. I'm fine. You don't have to worry about me. Now, can you tell me where you are?"
Tony practically purred at seeing Steve plugged up, writhing against the sheets, his cock arched over his stomach.  "Yeah... good omega... good boy..."
Tony lapsed into silence.  There were few famous omegas.  Sure, there were some: the last vice-president, a singer here, an artist there.  But by and far, there were more Alphas than omegas, and most pair-bonds focused on a famous Alpha bonding.  This was different; Tony begrudgingly admitted that Steve might be even more famous than him.  It was possible they wouldn't focus on the usual questions; Steve was a very unusual omega.  He wasn't going to fade into the background of Tony's life, wasn't going to end up in a subservient role.  Steve was a modern power-omega who expected to be treated like an equal.  Maybe they'd forgo the usual questions about kids.
It was just him and Steve and the too-close, tantalizing promise of what was Tony's to take if only he could figure out
"I..." Donner opened then closed his mouth. "There was a-- a lot of Alphas around, I guess."
Tony scrambled out from his vantage point and darted across the street.
It would have been over anyway; Tony walked in wearing a slim-fitted charcoal suit with a lavender and gold tie.  "Hello, beautiful people!" he called. He slid an arm around Steve's waist and leaned it to nip his neck affectionately.  "Who's ready for a party? Man, Aria's being very hush-hush about whoever she got to perform. I'm excited. ...oo, did you make me coffee, Steve?"  He beamed.
"Steve, that's not true," Pepper said gently and brushed his hair back from his eyes.
So Steve was saying he wanted it.  But he hadn't wanted Tony while he was in heat.  But now that he wasn't, he did.  It made no sense to Tony but he didn't dare ask; he was drunk, he'd look like an idiot.  He wasn't even sure if Steve did want him. Maybe Steve was just a hopeless flirt.  Tony didn't peg him as one, but then again, he hadn't realized he was Captain America, either.  Clearly, his judgement regarding Steve was poor.
"This collar is one of the first examples of a pin lock," said the docent.  "It's from 1861. This is an example of a posture collar... very popular in the Victorian era."
"I think it's very clear where me and Tony are standing and that's with each other," Steve said simply. "Next question?"
"But what if he isn't?" Steve whispered. He peered through the door then opened it, leaning in the doorway. Tony looked over his shoulder and met Steve's gave, and the look Steve gave him was enough for the Alpha to
or something.  He was pretty sure he’d seen part of it recently on TV.
Eventually he tilted his head up. Steve's eyes were glazed over. He almost looked high. He didn't say anything for a while but the word 'good' echoed around his mind for a good while.
"A hate crime? It would be a pretty elaborate hate crime for just one guy," Steve pointed out quietly, but he didn't protest against the idea. He supposed it was better than people thinking HYDRA were still around and
"Boswell Mackabee is still sleeping."
"Well, we have.  So make sure he knows."
"Fucking
"Welcome." Her voice was deceptively smooth. "So nice of you to finally join us, Captain."
. I'm not impressed. And yes, I bought pastries," he affirmed and pushed away from the doorway to walk over to the bedside. Steve blinked when Tony mentioned jacking off, however.
"Pietro and Wanda? The mutant twins from the HYDRA base in Yemen?  You know where they are?" Steve asked, sounding hopeful. He'd always wondered how those kids were doing, if they'd gotten out. He hoped they were okay. And he was grateful that they'd at least gotten Bucky out, or had by the sounds of it.
Steve gestured around him. "Clothes?"
Pepper's and Aria's eyebrows went up.
Fury gave Steve only the tiniest nod of acknowledgement, but it was difficult to say whether it was because he was too busy or whether there was some unresolved issue between them.  No one in SHIELD had expressed any opinions about Steve's sudden interest in omega charities or civil rights, except Steve's close friends, like Nat and Clint, who, off the record, were extremely supportive.
"Come on. Don't leave a guy hangin' here."
"No, I don't."  Her ears were going slightly pink.  Tony lowered his sunglasses to stare.
you had a problem that needed getting rid of you would probably need surgery. Which SHIELD would provide, by the way."
Nick didn't say anything. He just continued to stare, his face unreadable. He'd never looked more intimidating.
"What's going on?" asked Tony sleepily.  "...Steve, did you make me coffee, too?"
"Don't I?"
" Steve gestured to his neck. "But apparently I still had that in the forties and... ever since he was POW under HYDRA, I can't feel him. Does that mean they screwed around with his bonding stuff, or does that just mean he's... empty?" he asked, frowning at the thought. Gleason frowned back.
Fortunately, Tony did have shorts on underneath his trousers (red silk boxer-briefs), and once his pants were (finally) off, Steve had finished drawing.
Steve moved to make pancakes. His ma had taught him to cook growing up. It meant that when Bucky worked and Steve hadn't been well enough to, he'd always provided
"Congratulations."
Someone was calling him from very far away.
"People noticed the pin.  It's already trending on FaceBook," reported Aria.
"Fuck you, Armando!"
They'd been standing there for at least thirty or forty minutes.  Tony seemed oblivious to the cold. Out on the path, Happy had turned the car back on for the heat; inside it, Pepper was tapping away at her tablet, keeping up with her e-mails, and Happy was reading a tabloid.
"Congratulations!" Phil said quickly. "Listen, Steve. He's going to try and say that he was justified because of that phone call--"
"Oh, like I've never seen
"Or not, it's your house," said Phil agreeably.
Later, as an adult, Tony had found alcohol to be a good common denominator.  He floated into conferences and galas and parties tipsy and kept it up, earning him a reputation as a fun, party-oriented person.  And still brilliant.  Tony knew his limits.  He could down ten shots before his ability to do mental math was interrupted; he hadn't given a single sober lecture in more than a decade.  It was the only way he had to operate in a world that he felt utterly removed from.  He was too intelligent, too wealthy, and too traumatized to hold a normal conversation with the average person, and too scared of giving away too much of himself.  Alcohol softened the edges.  Made him more... human.
They settled back down and Steve handed Tony a flat package with silver paper.  Tony tore it open and was immediately rendered speechless.
a missed period or heat, that it was the best, fastest, most accurate test for both women
"Yeah, I totally can, I just did, you're fired, Dan.  Fuck off," said Tony, hunching over the bar.
"Oh," said Tony, who didn't look the slightest bit embarrassed.  "What do you call yourselves, then?"
"We have enough pancakes Tony. Get the kid a cab home."
"Oh, you think it's funny?  Try having an erection inside of a fucking metal box and see how funny it is."
Tony was thankful when Steve said he'd rather see Aria tomorrow.
Tony left the water running and called the only person he could think of to answer his questions: David Gleason.
"...Pepper.  Her name's Pepper."
Donner looked up sharply.  "Now? But-- but you said you were going to go after midnight."
"Want another round?"
No reply. Steve sighed. How rude.
"Great.  Ginny's in the car."
Maybe it was just all of the alcohol but Steve was feeling extremely uncomfortable.  He didn't like how the two centuries were colliding.  It was confusing and upsetting.
"Come on, Stark.  Everyone knows how your father was.  A reckless drunk, like you."
They'd only done this a handful of times but Tony generally felt more confident about it, because Steve had never grabbed him, never shoved his head down or made him feel trapped.  Anytime Tony went down on him, Steve let Tony had free rein to do what he liked and it was encouraging not to feel pressured. That was one of the wonderful things about Steve; he liked nearly everything but never asked for anything.
"No. Tony. I'll shower
"Are there any omegas on the WSC?" asked Irshad calmly, sipping her drink.
It hurt to lie to her.
Steve's eyes glinted something furious. He said nothing.
"How about you and I just... spend tonight in, hang out at the Expo tomorrow, maybe grab a spa day over the weekend?  It's not like the suits are going anywhere," said Tony.  He ran one rough hand down Steve's arm and felt an unintentional pang of joy.  Whatever misgivings his rational mind had, his body and his emotions were both in agreement about one thing.  Steve made him happy.  Being around Steve, touching Steve, hearing Steve, smelling him... his body craved Steve like it craved alcohol.
"No. I mean, with 84?  Yes. The problem is Donner."
"Fuck. ...I love you, Steve, even if you eventually kill me," said Tony.  He paused, then added, "I've always said I wanted to go out that way.  Naked, with a seven-inch erection."
Tony's face twisted slightly.  "He wanted to," he said softly.  "He loved him. The only reason Barnes didn't take him was because he was too sick to handle it.  But now he's not, and Barnes is back, and in case you haven't noticed, I'm not exactly the most dominant Alpha in the world."
, talk to some guy named Gene
"Good night then, party boy?" He could tell Natasha was smiling. She probably found all this rather funny.
"Any concerns about the controversy surrounding a running a pro-choice organization?" asked Boswell.  Tony had hoped they'd skip that question. Suppressants were one thing (although there was still a mild bit of debate regarding whether they should be covered by healthcare, and how accessible they ought to be)... but abortions were another.  Omegas had it worse than women and always had, historically. It seemed like rights for omegas were always a few decades behind for some reason.
!" barked Brennan.
Wait.  He could.  He'd done it; Tony had seen it.
Brazinski frowned. "
"Cookies!  We have cookies?  Where?!"
The speaker died suddenly, the last syllable ending in a crackle of static.
"Steve means his Alpha thinks it's goddamn fucked up to buy an omega for yourself like they're some kind of dog," Hal said, a lot blunter than Steve was. He winced a little. Hal was used to the conference; it didn't bother her. She could talk about Trickshot and not get upset. But that didn't mean she was afraid to say it how she saw it.
He set Tony down on the bed, being mindful of his sore ankle, before he moved to lay down next to him. Tony seemed a little distracted but Steve imagined that was just the mind of a creator. Now Tony wasn't dying surely he'd always be working on the next project? It was just like Steve having his time in the gym- Tony needed his time in the workshop. But he'd already got some work-time in this morning. Steve figured he could have his Alpha all to himself now.
"He's fine. Look," said Phil, putting a hand on Tony's shoulder.  The monitors showed... a beach.
, Pepper," said Tony.  His mouth twitched. "...you know
"...are you sad?" she asked.
Tony was only half-conscious of being lifted and dried and tucked into bed.  He mumbled sleepily as he felt Steve fussing around with the blankets, making him comfortable.  He cracked an eye open, looking for his omega.  Steve was standing by the bed, naked, carved from marble, staring down at a phone that seemed too small in his hands.  He was reading something.  Tony felt a surge of pride and affection for Steve; reading an article on a cell phone.  How quickly he was adapting.
There was three guards at the end of the corridor.
"84 is good, I think. They're on target and doing great," Steve hummed, taking a seat opposite Banksy. "I kind of let them do their own thing, to be honest; I don't really know anything about the law."
"...what?"
being made in reassignment and I got tons of info, stuff that you can use to fight it."
generating a lot of headlines!"
"Yes. She's named Granite."
He let out a long, slow exhale.  It would be easy to just say okay, and go and do it, but... he could feel Steve's heart tugging.
The suit was cold and Steve was grateful for it. It was helping to cool him down just a little. But he was still shivering from the head in Tony's arms and his whole body was still clammy. He was pretty sure that the heat was dying down now but Steve would still be left with slick ruined, pants. Not fun.
"Hey!" said Tony, slightly offended.  He didn't consider himself to be old.  "I'm only.... thirty mumble.  Hey, look, my old man didn't have me until he was in his fifties.  And Steve's not young, he's ninety-three.  ...but I mean, yeah, no, he should focus on his career, though."  Tony was all too aware of the slight note of alarm in his voice.  He didn't want kids.  He'd never wanted kids.  Never planned for them.  He was more upset that Steve had been pregnant at all than that they'd miscarried.  He couldn't wrap his brain around it.  They'd taken a test, hadn't they?  And Steve... Steve was supposed to be infertile, wasn't he?  And Tony had never had this problem before... as far as he knew, anyway.
He woke as the movie credits dragged down the screen and blinked slowly. He rubbed a hand over his face. "Mph," he mumbled and then turned his head to look up at Tony. "Sorry. I meant to watch it. Honestly," he mumbled, smiling a little sleepily as he rested his chin on Tony's chest. "I guess I was more tired than I realized, I'm not used to so much...exercise," he said, obviously meaning something else entirely as he raised a brow at Tony, the manner of the gesture playful.
Pepper sighed.  "...give him two or three hours to come down.  Enjoy," she said drily to Steve, tucking the reports under her arm.  "I have to head into the office but if you could get him to sign the statements I left in the kitchen, that would be wonderful.  Full disclosure: Tony gets horny when he's tweaking. ...ask Beth, she knew him in the nineties." Pepper rolled her eyes affectionately.
"...an
"A table for two?" he asked, gaze darting between the both of them. Back in the forties he wouldn't have even looked at Steve; he would have simply asked Tony. And Tony would have ordered his dinner for him too, and his drinks.
)  Huffington Post and Fox had stories on Monaco, but both were secondary to the news about Steve.  (Huff Po:
"Dr. McCloud," corrected the doctor, flipping open a chart.  "She's on night shift.  I'm on day shift.  I'm Dr. Martin.  A pleasure to meet you, Mr. Stark, Captain Rogers.  Congratulations, first and foremost, on your bond; I read about it on the news this morning."
"Pizza sounds great!" said Ian enthusiastically.  "I have a meeting with Mr. Stone in--" He checked his watch.  "--two hours, so let's hustle."
"I think they should!" shouted John.  "What do you say, Stark? How about an omega playdate?  The girls love him!"
She was peeling an orange; she looked up and spotted him.
sexy languages."
The shop was lit up; Tony was welding something.  He'd discarded his shirt but had thrown on a heavy lead apron that came down to his knees and was wearing a pair of welding goggles, at least.  Tony's lab safety was something of a mystery to everyone but Tony.
Steve felt a chill run down him, like he was being plunged back into icy cold water. It was like he was drowning. No...it couldn't be… It couldn't be that Bucky was suffering all that time and Steve did nothing just because he'd assumed Bucky didn't want him. Steve felt that emptiness- that was because the bond was gone surely? Not because that was how Bucky was
Steve was just strapping his shield onto his back, a harmless and almost innocent action. But the shield itself was deadly. It was a killer as well as a protector. And that was something Steve was worried about- the version of him in history fitting with reality, that Tony might be...disappointed in some way.
"What if I gave you a kiss? Would you tell me then?"
Tony was still on his feet, fidgeting. "Is it normal for him to still be bleeding?  ...down there?"
The sarcasm was lost on Emily, who nodded wisely.  "Me too. Is your beard real?"
Natasha turned to him slowly, the edge of her lips twitched. "I lost him. I can't find him."
"But--"
"Gideon's mate. You know he bought him, yeah,
He opened his eyes.  His own reflection stared blankly back at him and his breath fogged up the glass.
Tony felt a smile tug at his lips.  There it was. That usual omega desperation to please, to pamper.
There was two sets of double doors in front of them. "You take left, I'll take right. Guards shoulder be minimal on this level but watch out. Let me know the moment you end up in trouble."
Steve hung up and then gently stood, picking Tony up in his arms. He tucked him into the cot, shrugging off his jacket and draping it over Tony, leaving himself in just his undershirt. Then he stepped outside, finding Judy. "Hey, Judy?"  She spun around to face him. "Tony's not very well, so I'm gonna take him home tonight. Do you think we could get our friend's brother on the plane and transferred to another hospital?"
"I already reported it.  You've got an eight-man security detail on your room, and Rogers is safe.  He's in a SHIELD convoy right now, on his way to the airport.  Just enjoy the morphine, boss.  Everything's under control."
Frond and some of the Alphas at that convention were.  He hated that he was human and that he was Alpha and that he had instincts and desires that he couldn't turn off.
Tony came the moment he felt Steve's body shudder under him.  He could hear Steve whimpering and begging into the sheets and his hand was coated with Steve's semen; he let out a long, satisfied sigh after he'd drained himself, letting himself go limp on top of Steve, half of his member still inside him.
"...your birthday's coming up," said Tony quietly, playing with Steve's hospital band gently, still holding Steve to him.  "Not to make things even weirder, but you know, biologically, you're half my age, young enough to be my son, but technically, you're also old enough to be my dad?  ...what the hell am I supposed to get you?"
"There's a razor under the sink, I think?" Steve said. "I dunno. I don't really have to shave all that often," he admitted sheepishly. "Y'know... omega."
Oh, fuck.
As Tony explained Steve's stomach flipped. The bands were simple but classy, maybe even made out of vibranium, he realised (that would be oddly appropriate.) He looked up at Tony and then back down at the bands. He reached out to take Tony's hand to stop him stammering about it and squeezed his fingers lightly.
"Oh, great.  Today just keeps on getting better and better, doesn't it?  Rumlow's going to kill us..."
"I think I killed five people today," he said quietly. "But I don't...actually remember."
"Surely I get to decide who my primary Alpha is, not biology, right?"
"You, er-" Sitwell cleared his throat, clearly not liking being put on the spot. "SHIELD would be allowed to arrest you, Captain."
"Tony! Tony.  Oh my gosh. I'm not going to-- last-- I c-cant..." Steve wasn't going to last long like this. It had been over two months since he'd felt this kind of sensation and the way Tony's fingers crooked up inside of him was driving him insane. He shuddered beneath him and let out a broken sound. "Oh,
"Are we going to have time to plan out a huge fundraiser by Friday?" he asked, remembering all the meetings Steve had.  He was supposed to see Dr. Gleason and Dr. Brennan and Dr. Brazinski daily, and those were just the doctors. Add in all the agencies who were launching an investigation and Tony had no clue how Steve would manage it.
"Здравствуйте."
to a breakthrough on the Mark VII... look, if it bothers you that much, I won't take it again... at least, not for a while."  He kissed Steve's shoulder.
Instead, he let go of Steve's hand under the table, took off his sunglasses, reached over, and laid his hand over the back of Steve's neck, looking at Steve with an expression that he hoped communicated that the mark on Steve's neck was nothing compared to almost losing him forever.
No.  Steve wasn't his omega.  Steve didn't want him.  Not like that.  They were just friends, friends who had experienced something weird together.  Steve wasn't in heat anymore.  The kneeling had probably just been due to... who knew, maybe, emotions had been high, neither of them were thinking.  Tony asking Steve to kneel in the first place was way out of line.  But he'd apologized and Steve had forgiven him and now they could move on.  Steve was a powerful omega and a captain in the armed services; of course he didn't need some weak little Alpha like Tony to feel validated.
A door slammed; the asset turned with excitement.  Karpov was striding over, but he was no longer in his uniform.  He was wearing a coat and had a duffel bag over his shoulder.
Steve didn't tense up. His body wanted this and whilst he knew this
"Um... Boston?"
“Pray,” said Aria, who was an atheist.
"Got this," repeated Tony, giving Steve a wink.  He felt a pang of worry from Steve but he ignored it.  The day was nearly over and so far he was pretty sure he was
"Jesus," Mackenzie muttered and shook his head to himself as he curled his hands around his coffee. He chuckled gently. "That doesn't even surprise me."
Right.  Wings were faster.
He'd been at it since six and he was breaking a sweat.  The gym in Tony's house was
There was a long, pregnant pause.
Cece sighed.  "Wow. I really misread what you were all about.  Oh, well. I guess this isn't the worst way to spend the weekend.  Wanna scone?"
' on top of that. Steve returned his handshake reluctantly.
Steve's own body actually didn't scar, not that he'd found. Bullet wounds disappeared eventually, broken bones lasted a matter of days when he was lucky. Steve looked untouched- but he wasn't, not really. He still knew the horror of war and death and torture. He'd still felt pain. He'd still felt combat, and endured it. But he had no physical proof for it etched into his person. He only had his memories. And even they could be patchy at times. A consequence of the ice, they told Steve. His mind needed catch-up time.
Tony had no illusions about being up to military standards.  He doubted he could hit a perfect bullseye without a scope from 1,000 meters, or do seventy push-ups in a minute, or run two miles in four minutes, or whatever crazy bullshit most of the people on the base could.
he thought sardonically.
"Oopsie?" repeated Tony.  "
Tony grinned.  "Love you," he whispered, leaning down to kiss the corner of Steve's mouth.  Steve's blue eyes looked up at him; he nudged Steve's legs apart and prodded his entrance, tense with anticipation.
"It's duck liver," said Tony.  "And they feed them corn, not alcohol.  And it tastes delicious."
Fury looked up in time to see the Winter Soldier already practically on top of him.  He was seated, back against the counter, and there was no time to make sure the magazine was in the chamber.  Instead, he cracked the gun as hard as he could against the other man's face.
"We're in Hadhramaut.  In Yemen," he said, hand still stroking Steve's arm.
to know either. He only did if Tony wanted to tell him, he decided.
He met Phil's gaze and couldn't help but smirk a little. The agent gave him a fond look. "This might hurt a little," he warned before pressing the needle into his skin, squeezing the blue liquid into his veins.
wondered Tony.  So much for controlling himself.  Okay.  Okay, okay.  He'd tasted Steve. Now he was done.  He took a deep, calming breath, trying to quell his excitement, trying to gather himself up.
"Tony, we need to go take our seats now," Pepper breathed and squeezed his arm, giving him a serious look. "They have food and drinks ready. Come on Steve, we have seats for you too..."
Yeah, whatever.  He could handle it, he guessed.  The things the media was saying about him, and had been saying since January.  The things his father had sometimes said to him, when he was drunk.
"I'm Captain America," Steve told her simply. "I woke up five months ago after being frozen in the Atlantic for sixty-five years.  The government's been using me as a spy.  I can prove it.  And... I’m an omega, and I want the world to know . Get me an interview with the
"...maybe he doesn't want to be found," said Tony, going back to tilting the game around to move the pinballs through the maze.
"That's sweet of you," Steve breathed dryly, watching Bucky's long hair fall back from his face as Fury pushed him with a grunt.
"Goddammit," Steve muttered. He saw Tony on the bed and felt a renewed sense of need. He should really, probably be worried about this, the odd episodes of blindness during his heat, but right now all Steve wanted to do was straddle his mate.
.  Or would be, soon, anyway.
"Come on, buddy.  Let's get you back to your proper Alpha.  ...maybe he can re-introduce me and Bennett," said Tony, pushing DeSoto from his lap and standing up.
The doors clicked open with a soft hiss. Steve and Natasha didn't hesitate. She pulled out a small gun, aimed at the ceiling, and shot out a rope.
"Yeah?  So?"
"Could you...get in with me?" Steve asked, voice quiet.
"Hey.  Stevie," said Tony quietly, reaching out to touch his cheek.  "I know... I know things aren't exactly easy for you.  Being from another century and having to adjust to a new time and losing..."  He couldn't bring himself to say it.  "...people," he said instead.  "But I've got your back.  I'm your Alpha."  He ran his thumb over Steve's jaw.  There was the faintest hint of peach fuzz there.  Tony felt a surge of affection.  "...and you can tell me anything," he added.  "Real or not real.  If it matters to you, it matters to me.  We're in this together.  'Till the end of the--"
Steve smiled back at Corrie, something tugging in his gut. The omega solidarity from the forties had stuck- they were always on the look out for each other. They still had each other's back at an unspoken word. It feel good to have not lost that even if it was sad that it was necessary.
you." Steve breathed, voice trembling a little in what was probably anger. "You can't force me to keep hidden anymore. You can't bug my goddamn apartment. And you can't make me spy. I can't
Christine gave a tiny, annoyed glance over at Tony, then turned her attention back to Steve.  That happened sometimes. A lot of omegas still hadn't forgiven Tony for his and Steve's two-month separation and Steve's being force-bonded.  They probably never would. Steve's interview, the one that had gone viral, was still out there, circulating on the internet, and Tony had seen a lot of nasty comments on it about how everything that followed was Tony's fault.  The one that had hurt most wasn't even the most vicious. Someone had simply stated, "Steve deserves better anyway... he should go back to his other Alpha."
"Aria says the documentarians will come to do the interview at one this afternoon," JARVIS supplied usefully from above, but Steve wasn't really listening to him. He was already moving to straddle Tony's waist, letting his cock nudge between Steve's arse cheeks. He let out a quiet sound. "Gleason will arrive at lunch time to provide medication."
"Captain Rogers!" she bubbled.  "Welcome to the Zephyr Hill site.  The camp's about four miles up the road.  So far, so good. The Red Cross has really helped out a lot with this facility... of course, it's all temporary."  (Steve had already been explained the system. A short-term site for when they actually went in and dismantled the camps... then the kids would be transported to regional centers, of which there were about a dozen.)  "Canteen is that way, med tent's over here-- this is the Chief of Police, Lawrence, he's been very helpful--"
"Are you having a panic attack?"
then... there must be something.
"I'm fine." Steve quickly pulled his shirt back down. "Come on Tony," he said, taking his Alpha's hand to lead him upstairs to a bathroom. "James has an omega boyfriend; he probably feels more comfortable bringing that sort of stuff up. I'm sorry. He shouldn't have asked."
"Oh my
," scoffed Kerry, making quotations marks in the air.
And despite people watching Steve, who was usually polite and reserved, pulled Tony into a firm kiss. Which only earned them more whoops. "Not too bad at all," he murmured in agreement, a dopey smile pulling at Steve's lips.
"Tony, what are you--"
The thing that rankled Tony was the idea that Steve was being elevated above his social status.  Steve was competent, sure.  He spoke multiple languages and he seemed like he was excellent at scheduling.  But he was still just an omega in a business that attracted scores of Alphas and Tony disliked seeing Pepper treating Steve like he was already in their inner circle.  Howard had always treated Jarvis that way, but hell, Jarvis had been with him since the forties.  The two were practically pair-bonded.  Jarvis's loyalty to the Stark family was legendary.  At times, he was like a second father to Tony.  But he'd
is me helping protect the world more than shooting a gun ever will," Steve breathed. "I can't stand by and do
He padded into the bathroom to find Steve; he was perched on the edge of the tub, testing the water, making sure it wasn't too cold or too hot.  Tony's heart swelled with affection.  He sat delicately beside Steve and rested his chin on his shoulder, slipping his arms around the other's waist.  "I can't believe I did that.  ...I can't believe I did
The director's phone rang.  He picked it up; another guard was reporting two dead upstairs.
Tony ignored him, watching the Expo grow in front of him.  It looked like Christmas- all lit up with lights, the stadiums and avenues and the biodome and spotlights all blinking prettily up at him.  If he weren't currently being shot at, he would have liked to have stayed up here, flying around and admiring it.  Now that he knew what to look for, he could see the layout as the element in his chest.  Edwinium, or badassium, or whatever Stark men were calling it these days.
"My left arm hurts," he whispered.  He rolled over to press his face into Steve's chest, breathing hard.
"I thought..." Steve looked back at the alpha and frowned in confusion. "You were bleeding. What's happened to your chest? I don't understand. You...you were bleeding..." There had been wires and red everywhere. It reminded Steve of a battlefield wound. It was grimy and gory and now apparently the Alpha was fine? And where had the beta male gone?
"Want me to pin a note on his shirt?" offered Happy.
"Okay, fine, I admit it, he's my friend, he stayed the night," lied Tony.  "His name's Nick.  He's not on crack, though.  He's just a friend."
"I think we're doing good, Steve," said Tony wearily, who wasn't excited, really, because he was too hungry and tired and sore and cranky.
"I'm gonna just have one more, probably, just a little night cap."
"...yeah?"
Staring down at Bucky's limp, unconscious form, he was reminded of the heavy, ancient silence of the graveyard in Long Island.  How Tony had stood there staring down at his parents, his mourning done privately, without the advantage of knowing how to express his sorrow.  "
"Anyone who wanted to assassinate you would have to be pretty elaborate about it.  You're Captain America," pointed out Tony.  "...no, it's not like an interview.  It's more like a mini press-release.  There might be one or two questions that we pre-arrange.  And yeah, I'll be there.  C'mon, Rogers, I'm like a bad penny.  I'm everywhere."  He watched Steve picking away at the crumbs.  The guy ate like five meals a day and still always acted ravished.  "...it'll be easy.  You and me will sit on the couch together, holding hands, and say something heroic, like... well, remember that Marley quote I told you about?
After today's frustrations Steve was honestly itching for a spar session. Although he couldn't go all-out ever in sparring; one punch too hard and he could kill someone.
"I already have, sir."
"I wish you'd let him come. I wish I could have faced him.  I would rather die in an Alpha-fight for you than let you take care of me like I'm too pathetic to do it myself."
Steve almost smiled when Tony accused him of copying him. But the other stuff was pretty serious. "The difference with the collar shop was that I was supposed to be okay with that. It was a calm environment, no oppression to be seen. Sure, that Kitty girl was wearing a collar, but it's for a job.  That's different. This conference...I don't have to be okay with it. I know we're turning up in collars, following the rules...but there's no real rules about how an omega should and shouldn't behave, is there? It's just expected. I'm not here to fight with these people. I don't want to just be a rowdy omega and shove it in their face. I want them to see us
?  ...I'm guessing it was an Alpha that named it that," he said with a small smile.
The other agents on the jet looked young, early twenties probably.  There were four of them, two betas and one of each status.  Practically babies.  Steve imagined they were still in training--
it to get infected.  The throbbing mark was a memory burned into flesh, a memory of helplessness and humiliation and pain.  His father had been right about everything.  He was a soft, weak, entitled brat.  He didn't deserve his station, didn't deserve to be an Alpha.  He'd fought, but it hadn't mattered.  He hadn't been strong enough.
Steve blinked, his vision fuzzing at the edges. "I hate the WSC," he murmured. Brock laughed quietly.
"Lobster, mushroom risotto, Caesar salad, and go ahead and grab one more bottle of wine," instructed Tony, who hadn't even looked at the menu.  He turned to Steve.  "Steve?"
"I want to lick you now," said Tony throatily.  It was like another person was talking.  He leaned forward, slowly, giving Steve the chance to move if he wanted to.  His hand was still on Steve's jaw; he tilted Steve's face up, exposing his throat, his vulnerability.  Slowly, gently, he nuzzled Steve's skin, then ran his tongue over the other man's neck.
His omega wasn't his omega.
Steve sighed sweetly as Tony's hands explored contently. He ran his hands up to curve over his shoulders, settling up a little higher and arcing his back into Tony's touch. "Phil had the outfit. He gave it to me a month after I woke up, said it was rightfully mine... he was pretty big fan.  There's a lot of memorabilia floating around out there but the original outfit, it was with the USO 'til the sixties and then passed through a few collectors before coming to Phil."
He stiffened.  His eyes glazed over.  "...готовы соблюдать," he said.  The cigarette dropped from his fingers.
Tony felt a lump form in his throat.
JARVIS answered for her. "Two unauthorised guests have been detected on the property."
to give him a break, except he didn't want one." Steve sent DeSoto a look and the omega looked just about ready to stick his tongue out at Steve. The blond sighed. "Anyway, how are things with you?"
Gideon turned, and his eyes widened.
you!" he cried.  It was the first time anyone had really commented on how shitty a collar felt for an Alpha and Boswell, being an Alpha himself, surely understood what it felt like when raised hackles were rubbed the wrong way.
Pepper sighed.  "Sometimes I forget how sheltered you've been.  You haven't been using protection at
Rhodey took a step forward. "Else I'll-" Steve held up a hand to him.
"Hi, Tony," she said coolly.
"Look, Steve, Pepper packed me a gift.  Co-- Colan-- well I dunno how to pronounce it, but these are neat," said Tony, holding up his wrist to show Steve.  "...now where the hell's the key?" He began unpacking, tossing clothes onto the floor. Steve packed neatly, everything folded.  Typical.
Banksy sat down next to Steve, watching the way Tony clutched him even tighter. He was in preheat, yes, but even this was over the top for Tony. "Let's just focus on Donner," Steve said but when he reached for Banksy's hand he let him take it. Banksy looked better than when Steve had seen him last. His hair was tied up, neatly enough, and he was wearing smart patterned trousers with a more casual-looking shirt.
Then why was she here?
, then bring you guys back a guy named after a reindeer?"
He hummed in agreement and leaned his head back down, his shiny gaze staring back up at the curling. "Love you too," he murmured and closed his eyes.
. It sounded stressful. Would they start asking about them having a family again? Aria said the presidential dinner was beginning to come out into the public domain- no one was mentioning Steve's entrance, thank God. It was all incredibly positive.
Everyone examined it.  They looked disappointed.
"What are you doing here?" he demanded.
"That was different!  I got a copy from one of the omegas in my office!  Another fan of yours, Captain! Laziest kid I've ever met! Affirmative action is ruining this country!"
"--sorry, I thought we were having a moment."
"Why don't you try it on?" She gestured to the mirror. "Perhaps it'll be easier if Mr. Stark puts it on for you."
Steve didn't know what to say. It felt like there was nothing he could say to make things better.
"Fine by me.  Steve's worth twice as much as Donner."
Steve was grinning.
"That sounds like a very random nightmare." Steve hummed. It also sounded pretty funny too. He wasn't entirely sure who Vin Diesel was but Steve figured he was about to find out- and considering this movie was about cars (as far as Steve had grasped) he assumed there was a lot of masculine and Alpha-heavy undertones.
He looked up at the red writing on the wall.  I DO NOT CONSENT. Did he mean
"No," Steve whispered. "I offered to tell him, but I don't think he's ready to hear it yet. Jesus, Nat, I didn't realise he was still so insecure; I don't know how he'd handle all this. ...though if the Winter Soldier really does have a metal arm Tony will probably be the best man to fight him."
"--and there was an omega who was angry at her Alpha for distancing himself.  She said she couldn't feel him anymore. Alphas should always be able to feel their omegas."  Bucky's eyes glazed over a little. "But I couldn't. After we got captured at Azzano, he took us and he injected us and I got sick.  And I stopped feeling him. I thought he was dead. Then he came for me. And I was happy. And then I saw the mark was gone. I thought it was that stuff they gave him to make him bigger.  But I couldn't feel him anymore. I was empty." His stormy grey eyes refocused on Wanda's. "...I fixed the mark. I bonded him. But I can't feel him very well."
"I'm the doctor," he filled in.
"Tony. Tony look at me." Steve knelt down in front of him and reached up, putting his hands on top of Tony's and encouraging him to meet his gaze. He'd seen this before, he knew what this was. "I'm not going anywhere. I love you. And you are
"Just a Rather Very-- cute," said Coulson.  "But you're stalling.  Director Fury authorized us to use any means necessary to keep you on premises and focused on your task.  So we can do this the hard way, or the easy way.  Your choice.  But my patience is wearing out."  He crossed his arms authoritatively.
The projection of the Expo's layout no longer resembled the Expo at all.
And then with another prod to his prostate, Steve came undone beneath him. He wasn't coherent enough to warn Tony but he did clench around his fingers tightly, almost tugging them in as he came into Tony's mouth, letting off a trail of expletives as he trembled beneath him. Steve panted and whined, his eyes glazed over. "Tony. Tony.  Oh my God.  Fuck.  I'm sorry I didn't--"
"What--" began Tony, then it hit him all over again.  He choked on another olive; Stern slapped him on the back and took away his drink.
In this chapter: Tony gets recruited to SHIELD!  One more mind-bending SHIELD subconscious brain scan!  Plus, general Stark snarkiness around psychologists and nurses!
Lydia smiled politely.  "...all collars lock," she said.  It was clear she thought Steve was a bit dim for not knowing this, but she was maintaining a certain degree of professionalism.
"Yeah. And properly this time," Steve murmured. He had a steely sort of look in his eyes, one that Tony had seen many a time before. "I'm not really in the mood to be polite about it anymore."
In another scenario Steve would have been annoyed at them talking about him like he wasn't there. But right now his chest felt tight. "How the hell do you know about that?"
Tony, as usual, seemed completely unaware of the luxuriousness of his surroundings.  He flopped into a leather seat, concentrating on his phone.  He'd really let his e-mail go; there were hundreds of unread messages.  He was deleting things at random; if it was important, he figured, they'd e-mail him a second time.
face in his perfect pair-bond.  For all of his own personal self-consciousness, Tony was confident he had the best omega.  Anyone who thought Steve's assertiveness was unnatural or a sign that he was feral was wrong.  Tony liked Steve's gumption.
She nodded.  "Understandable."  She reached into her small black purse and pulled out a recorder.  "Do you mind if I record this, Captain? This is for my own personal use and won't be shared.  If you prefer, I can take notes the old-fashioned way, but I'm a leftie and I always end up smearing lead all over my hand, so I prefer the recorder."
Alpha over the whole Pepper thing, but whatever.
"There's some people who think dominance and submission is based on genes.
expected
"Get dressed," Steve said, turning less red at the sight of naked men.  Somehow, that was better than a naked woman.  Maybe it was Steve's old-fashioned, chivalrous side, but he always got more embarrassed around women, regardless of their status.  "We're clearing this place out."
?  I don't
"You don't have many omega friends, do you?" he said.  "It must be really lonely, working for SHIELD with a bunch of Alphas and betas.  I know Mr. Malick oversees SHIELD because Donner told me so. He says it would be better if there weren't omegas, because they could get hurt.  ...it doesn't sound any better, your life. You got shot twenty times, you said. Most omegas here haven't
The screen changed to a video.  Steve was smiling in the light of dawn, hair wind-swept by the ocean air, looking tired but content.  Bucky beamed at him, clutching the remote tightly to his chest.
Tony protested loudly.  "Why not?!"
"...clapper," said Aria, staring.  "You bought the Liberty Bell's clapper?"
She glanced over at the growing stack of mail and live plants, then caught Steve's eyes.  She smiled, one omega to another, then disappeared again.
Steve ducked his head down to whisper in Tony's ear. "Do you want me to put it on?"
"I wouldn't," Pepper said gently, a hand on his arm in a brief, comforting touch.
Then again, what were the chances?  Had his bond led him here?  He hadn't really been thinking, just driving.  His body had led him to Steve like a divining rod finding water, without any clear mechanism but with inarguable results.
Stone smiled back.  "An omega after my own heart," he said, sounding extremely pleased with Steve's response.
"Well, personally, I'd like my fucking house back.  No offense, Donner," said Tony. He had grown sick of the revolving door of psychologists and doctors and field agents and diplomats and news outlets and omega buddies that were constantly dropping by to chat with Steve.  And while Donner was nice, Tony missed the solitude of his own home, where he could be naked and working on one of his gauntlets or jet propulsion hip packs in the living room while watching an A&E
Tony had let Steve lead the way through the museum lobby... but when they got to the exhibit, he'd instantly become single-mindedly fascinated.
. It's a relationship with
JARVIS wasn't programmed to sigh but he didn't need to be; he dialed the phone for Tony.  Tony held his breath, listening intently to the other line ringing, desperate for more of Steve's voice.  He knew he was torturing himself but maybe he didn't care. Maybe he even deserved it, letting himself fall so hard, like an idiot.  Ever since he was around to experience Steve's heat, he'd been obsessed with him.  Tony wondered what his father would have thought about Tony falling for the omega Howard had eagerly appointed to be the captain of the Avengers, the same omega he'd pumped full of serum, creating an unnaturally strong, agile, powerful omega.  Would he think it was pathetic?  Funny?  Tragic?  Ironic?  Tony felt it was all of those things, and more.
Steve didn't reply. He was standing now, looking determined as hell as he stared Tony down. Neither Alpha nor omega moved and neither of them looked at Phil either. He was beginning to hover quite awkwardly.
know how much Phil worshiped him, as Captain America.
"Maybe he's learned his lesson," said Aria brightly.  She obviously didn't believe it, but was clearly hoping to assuage Pepper's concerns.
Tony's face appeared from behind it, holding a pair of bolt cutters.  There was a smear of grease across his cheek.
They sat at the bar and poured each other drinks and Tony got her talking.  A mediocre life.  A new used car and a boyfriend that hadn't worked out and an annoying roommate and a cat named Gazpacho or something stupid.  Tony "uh-huh"ed at all the right parts, putting away as many shots as he could.  God, normal people were fucking boring.  Even JARVIS was more interesting than this woman.
"...I'll bet one more night."
Steve was out of control, but he didn't care, he loved Steve's spark.  He'd always loved that. Steve was unlike any omega Bucky had ever known.
.  It was easy to forget, on television, that Boswell was in his late seventies.  But seeing him here, dressed down, with heavy lines on his face, Tony realized that Boswell was actually getting on in years.  The hand holding the tumbler of scotch was gnarled and the skin loose.
"I want to go home," Steve said through gritted teeth.
Donner shook his head adamantly.  "He was at the conference and we talked twice but I don't know him; he's not my friend; I'm a
"Yes," Steve blinked, surprised at the question. He glanced around. The chefs who'd been cleaning up were watching him curiously. The waiting staff were younger and stared wide-eyed at him like he was a celebrity. Which he guessed he kind of was.
not to act entitled to sex.  Steve had been begging Bucky for
"I think it's sort of monstrous," said Fred.
Wanda walked over.  "Did you get everything we need?" she asked.  The two of them had gotten comfortable with shoplifting over the years; Pietro nodded while Bucky continued to leaf through the book, getting more and more upset.
Tony's stomach turned and he remembered Vanko all over again.  Shit.
"Kerry! Did you ask for
"Did you know omegas had twice as many scent glands in their necks than Alphas?" said Dr. Gleason conversationally.
, which was a rarity for Steve. But this sort of lazy but heady sex was perfect.
"...yeah, I think now you owe me two," said Rhodey, looking down at the mug he was holding with a look of disgust.
Actually, if Steve had been a normal man, Tony's embrace would have been something very different.  Instinct had taken over and Tony had every intention of knocking him to the ground and standing protectively over him, growling at anyone who came near.  But Steve wasn't someone who could easily be pushed over so instead Tony's arms went around him and they looked like they were sharing a moment.  Tony's lips went to Steve's ear.  "
, Steve reminded himself.  He picked the coffee back up.  “Okay.  I’ll have it for you before your meeting.”  Steve had a half a dozen things to do for Pepper, too, and he couldn’t quite justify prioritizing a coffee run.  But in Stark Industries, Tony’s word was law.  “...and I’m not uppity,” he muttered.
"...it doesn't count," said Tony, running a hand over his ragged face.  "The first night doesn't count... because everyone goes to bed so late after the poker game... why's he here now?  He was supposed to be here Saturday night."
Even for someone like Tony, who was used to thinking a half-dozen thoughts at once, the amount of responsibilities piling up were starting to suffocate him.  There was the SHIELD test and the investigation into the Expo, the lawsuits and the ongoing Senate hearings for Iron Man.  Steve was... grounding.  Tony liked having him around.  He was a bit like Pepper, an immovable, consistent part of Tony's life.  When everything went to shit, Steve was still there and he was still Steve.
"Or maybe something happened," Clint finished for her.  He grunted, reaching over to grab his phone from the nightstand. "You call Sam. I'll call Phil."
