rested. I’m gonna lose my freakin’ marbles if I don’t get outta here soon.”
Dean senses that his brother may be initiating the long process of gently preparing Dean for the eventuality of Sam moving out.
But it seems there’s a third wolf or more, and it’s presumably been ambushing Sam, because Dean can hear gunshots outside, too—
, and worse, he would
“...Hi.” Cas looks more thrown for a loop than Dean does, but his expression settles into something closer to contentment the moment Dean speaks. Giving Dean the hint of a smile back.
…,” it’s like music to Dean’s ears.
himself for this later, for wasting their time and energy, for stretching Sam’s support too thin. Telling himself he isn’t worth Sam’s time and energy, not like this. He’s supposed to
“I’m here,” Cas answers, and that’s really him, really his voice, and—
“He’s right, you know,” Cas says serenely from the back seat, still staring out the side window. “He never actually said that.”
“Yes, yes I am.” Maintaining this light, slightly dry tone. Dean can’t seem to summon the same emotional honesty he had last night. Maybe that conversation, that confession, drained him of all emotional honesty. Maybe that was his lifetime supply of emotional honesty, gone right out the door and never to be seen again.
you, Survivor and your one decent song—and I’ll let you in on a secret. My will is as strong as yours—eat your heart out
“Yeah,” Dean chuckles. “She got stuck with your needy ass.”
“Sam, start talking,” he demands, a little sharper than he intended, his chest rising and falling a little too fast.
“No man, I really don’t,” Dean lies, eating their now-cold fast food from a grease-stained paper bag like he’s ravenous.
“No. You’re the one with the wacko visions, remember, blood junkie?”
Like something’s about swallow Cas up, take him away, until Dean can’t see him anymore.
“What do you mean?” So wary.
, you deserve all of it and more, but—” He is breaking apart right in front of his brother, and Dean
Dean’s mouth works for a second. “We were…in the Empty.”
than anything else.
“Yeah, but I wanted to.” Dean shrugs, but he really means it. It’s partly that she
There’s a song stuck in Dean’s head as he whirls around and slashes, and it’s goddamn Duran Duran. “Hungry Like the Wolf.” He’s suddenly glad they’re not fighting werewolves. The poetic justice would have been too embarrassing for him to bear, would’ve felt like the whole
Dean does not hang up. He doesn’t know what to do, but he
Both doors are sitting open, driver’s and passenger’s sides, letting fresh air circulate as Dean slumps against the seat, leaning back and looking up at the sky, as Sam pumps the gas.
Getting to eat some home-cooked food is always a plus. It’s fortifying after so many road trip meals of chips and burgers, and Dean actually has an appetite today. They only eat like this at home if—well, if Dean himself cooks it.
....So they were both asleep at the same time. Both trapped. And Dean’s dream is what ultimately woke Cas up.
, and he stops fighting this. Calms his body as well as his mind. Presses both hands over his face and breathes, holds still until the feeling begins to subside.
Sam’s getting visibly excited now, his eyes shining. “But it’s not a standard human prayer, right? That’s the whole point.”
Later that night, padding down another quiet hallway, Sam wonders how long this has been going on. If it’s been long enough that he should feel even dumber than he already does. It’s certainly been long enough for Dean to get comfortable with the idea of taking a picture….
suddenly Dean’s in the hallway with an alarmed expression on his face and his gun out, because of
Jody doesn’t really know Cas that well, but Claire does, and Claire’s rare reaction to him today seems more than enough for Jody to instantly warm to him even further.
“Um. I don’t know how long I remained in the Empty after waking, but at some point I began to…talk. To you.” Again, Cas seems somehow embarrassed. Though Dean notes that Cas has shuffled closer to the end of the bed at some point during this conversation, legs folded under him, arms crossed over his middle. “It was a way to pass the time, but—it was more for me than for you,” he confesses. Like having a one-sided conversation with Dean wouldn’t be a bad way to spend eternity. “Prayer isn’t a two-way communication system. I didn’t honestly expect it to work.”
Dean nods, looking down at the bed, sufficiently reassured by this answer—though he’s probably going to have to check out the injury himself later before he’ll really be satisfied that Cas is okay.
“Why?” Sam asks, with the audacity to sound confused.
“Hey, I didn’t mean
Cas shrinks back, eyeing Dean cautiously, almost skittish—aware of the seismic shift in this conversation. Like he’s dodging a physical blow. “Dean…you don’t have to. You never had to.” Like he’s trying to spare Dean having to break his heart. Because that’s the response Cas expects.
These songs seem completely incongruous here. Listening to them—these flowy, ethereal pop songs, most of them not even recorded by Americans—in the isolated, rural, sometimes backwards, sometimes fascinating American south.
The front door opens and closes as Sam steps back in carrying the now-full ice bucket. His gaze flicks from Dean to the bathroom door, hearing the water running—and then he sets the bucket down on the TV table, striding to Dean with obvious purpose after confirming that they’re alone.
Sam probably would have preferred it if he’d been a little less silent, though. Sam probably would have taken comfort in being insulted right about now, but Dean can’t find it within himself to do it. Words are currently like molasses in his mouth, anyway, if significantly less sweet.
Cas is it. He’s it for Dean.
Cas’ brows tilt in question. “I’m not disagreeing with you,” he says, because he’s a total asshole like that, “but why?”
“Maybe.” Dean’s reply is deliberately short again, curt. He raises an eyebrow. “So what? You want me to send the djinn a damn fruit basket?”
“Yeah,” Dean sighs. “Like that.”
Dean shakes his head, barely hearing that remark, hand still braced on the empty chair and now rocking it back and forth on its unbalanced legs. If he doesn’t keep his hands occupied with something, he doesn’t know what they’ll do. “Come on, keep talking.”
Dean can practically hear the kid thinking. “Special occasion?” Dean finishes for him.
“I guess?” Dean replies, spreading his hands helplessly. It must sound pretty anticlimactic to Sam. “It said ‘unknown number’. But that ain’t the point. I— We gotta figure out what that was.”
If Dean didn’t know better, he’d say Sam was deliberately making himself scarce right now to give the two of them some space alone. Actually, Dean does know better, and that probably is fucking exactly what Sam is doing.
Sam looks at Dean quizzically.
And damn it, all the faces are turned to him now, Cas’ mirroring Sam’s, because of course Cas figured it out
“This is all just another dream, isn’t it?” Dean whispers.
“Cas,” Dean finally breathes, feeling he has to say something, then instantly feels as though he’s said too much, the single syllable overbearing in whatever hangs between them now.
Eileen back, and I’m so fucking happy for you man, I
That wasn’t even real. It never happened. Dean doesn’t even know what it would feel like; his brain had just made it up, because, hey,
it was bullshit, didn’t I—”
“I have like six missed calls from Jody,” Sam says, and Dean feels his own trajectory veering wildly off course. This—this was not part of Dean’s plan.
Sam looks at him coolly. “Yeah, you kind of did. Anyway, it was obvious.” He turns back to Cas. “So what I’m saying is….”
—but no matter what Dean says, no matter how much he tries, Cas still can’t hear him.
And he doesn’t want to be Dad. He knows, now, he doesn’t
Sam looks immeasurably disappointed in him for a few silent moments. Then all he says is, “Don’t mess this up.”
. Because he’s not holding onto Cas anymore, not even touching him, Cas is standing across the room, just looking at him, but there’s—
to it— That little blush he’d felt breaking out across his nose when Cas kissed him. How the dream had suddenly filled a blank in his mind, told him that while he may be blushing a little bit now, he used to blush a lot more; he’d grown accustomed to not just kisses, but kisses in
it changes to green. Before him, through the windshield, the road unfurls, and unfurls, and unfurls, and it’s like he’s going nowhere at all.
They beat God. This is supposed to feel like a victory.
All that work. All that fucking work he had done over the past few weeks, trying to numb himself and act like he’d forgotten about it. And now it feels like Cas died all of five minutes ago, all over again.
“Where are you going?” Sam snaps.
At some point during Dean’s casual recap, Sam must have stiffened, because now he’s tense and staring at Dean. “Holy crap,” Sam mutters.
.” And Dean still is, he realizes. That voice had felt so much like Cas that it’s broken open something inside him.
Because Dean doesn’t want Cas’ life to shrink down to the drudgery of the American Midwest just because he’s saddled himself to a human from Kansas.
Cas looks a bit disoriented, hair completely smashed to one side from lying on it, which Dean can’t seem to get enough of, and which had not looked like that in their—their
“You know,” Dean mumbles, before looking back up, “I’m not so sure about this whole God Prime Directive thing.”
His eyes flick back and forth between Sam and Cas, and he makes a quick decision. “Come on.” Dean lays a hand on Cas’ shoulder and steers him to the door. It’s warmer outside than Dean expected, the motel room harsh with the chill from the air conditioner. Dean lets the door click closed behind them gently.
“What, the—the sigils?” Dean trips over the words, because he still doesn’t even understand how he knew to
But that’s beside the point. This isn’t God or the Devil toying with Dean. God is dead, and the new God (and, damn, that one still hurts) is hands-off, and Lucifer is off the board.
,” he adds, meaning it.
Sam’s eyes go wide. So that didn’t go over his head, then, and Dean finds himself kind of wishing it had. “Dean,” Sam begins, voice a little hushed, “this is where you—”
Dean feels his hackles rise. “You tellin’ me that—”
Even after he’s finished up in the guest bathroom, Dean checks his watch and sees he has some time to kill. He roams around the house a bit to see what his mom has done with the place since moving in.
He can’t stop this from happening.
“So… He’s it, huh?” Sam’s voice predictably softens in understanding, the sound of his (admittedly mild) surprise tempered by his awareness of how huge this is. That line between his brows is still there, but it softens, takes on a different emotion entirely. Everything about Sam’s whole being has instantly gotten soft, too soft, because Sam knows to tread lightly here.
Dean is lying on his back, or maybe on his front, or maybe he’s not lying down at all.
“The movie, Dean,” Cas reminds him.
He’s about to answer his own question with more cutting sarcasm when Cas answers, deadpan: “Douchebags.”
They just have to get past this last, aggravating part of the journey before they reach their next case, a salt-and-burn.
This time, Cas had basically held that knife himself, just by saying one word—something
“On the phone. It’s Cas.” Again he hears himself as he thrusts the phone out towards his brother, and his own voice sounds slightly deranged. His heart is thumping so fast he can feel it in his
it was good to hear it again.
Sam makes a big stink about Dean eating some real food, but when Dean turns down even
“Well, can we at least get a room for the night then? Before we drive to South friggin’ Dakota?” Dean huffs out a puff of air. “I’ve been driving all goddamn day and I— I gotta—” He trails off, unsure. It’s overwhelming, and truth be told it isn’t even about being tired from the drive, or his lack of sleep. He rubs his hand over his mouth and chin.
Dean twists the other way a bit, casts a glance over at his untouched phone on his nightstand. “So...that happened,” he murmurs, turning back onto his side to face Cas.
“Wait for what, Dean?” Cas questions him, that patented look of concern etched into his face, blue eyes tilted at that imploring angle.
“Mhmm.” Dean hums around the bottle as he takes another drink.
Fuck that. They’re writing their own story now. No one else gets to decide what is and what isn’t, what they do or don’t get to have. They get to choose everything that is, and everything that will be.
I do.”
Because they’re still best friends, why should
It’s the happiest they’ve both been in months.
It takes forever, but then, it’s a fucking big dinner. He doesn’t know the last time he cooked for so many people. Meanwhile, those people filter in and out: he sees Eileen conversing happily with Cas. Sam comes over to steal a taste of something on one of the burners, and Dean swats his brother’s hand away with a ladle. The next time Dean looks up from the stove, Cas appears to be showing Jack how to do something—is that the damn coffee machine?—in a very fatherly way.
Dean hooks his ankle around Cas’ calf to pull him closer, change the angle. Cas’ breath is hot against his cheek, panting, a sharp and choked off “
When Dean looks up again, Sam is studying him.
“You can’t tell me
“Those can make tea, as well,” Cas interjects, out of nowhere.
“No,” Cas says, level and stern, “it isn’t.” Almost like he’s offended by Dean’s self-analysis. And Dean’s self-sabotage, which has been happening ever since they stepped into the woods, because Dean knows it’s exactly what he deserves.
The call cuts off in a wave of static. The signal officially sucks, he guesses. Weird that he would’ve picked a house in a dead zone.
himself to save me, do you get that?”
. Not the phone.
with that. Cas had accepted it, made his peace with it. Because he just had no
The body drops to the ground. Cas holds out a hand, standing over Dean, and pulls him to his feet. Dean banged the back of his head against the ground when he went down, and he feels a little jittery, adrenaline still buzzing in his palms.
“Probably because the store was
A small noise that Dean doesn’t recognize escapes his throat while, at the same time, Cas makes a soft sound into his mouth. Cas kisses him back—has instantly caught up to him, on the same page, kissing back with everything he’s got, like the only thing Cas was ever waiting for was permission. Cas’ brow furrows, with a soft sound like a whine the back of his throat. Their lips keep parting and meeting again. The feeling of that rough coat fabric under Dean’s hands and the hard planes of the angel’s body up against him—and he should physically pull back from Cas now because he can’t breathe, but he doesn’t want to.
“You slept in, didn’t you.” Mary chuckles, obviously not minding that he did. “The others should be along shortly.”
Dean runs his finger through the layer of dust above the fireplace. “You sure this is the right cabin?”
“It’s past the old pharmacy. They used to sell Beanie Babies there,” the kid supplies, like this tidbit is even of the barest fucking use to them. “I used to go down that way all the time.”
“Don’t,” Dean warns, deadly serious. Enough for Sam to stop pushing, hopefully. It almost seems like Dean’s shaking, minutely, but Sam probably can’t tell from all the way over there.
Cas pulls back infinitesimally, angling his head towards the door to call to Sam himself. “Don’t worry, Sam. I’ll ensure he starts cooking dinner.” Slipping back into Dean’s hold then, his lips brush against Dean’s. “Eventually,” he rumbles, lower and meant for only Dean to hear.
He murmurs, “Cas, Cas….” Over and over, against his angel’s skin. (
Eyes still squeezed shut, Dean puts a hand to his brow. “Don’t do that.” His voice is strained, softer than he intended. “Just—don’t say that shit right now. You can’t—”
Later, after the heavy lifting and burning of the bodies, Dean sits on an ancient wooden crate back inside the cabin, elbows on knees. His face stings—ridiculous that most of his injuries are from the damn window and not the actual monsters. His lip had split at some point, trailing down his face and staining his chin, the source of most of the blood.
A part of real life, anyway.
“Yes, Dean.” Cas’ eyes follow his progress as he paces around the room. “You’ve asked that several times. I don’t know what else I can do to convince you.”
Sam dropped the phone as if it had burned him.
Dean feels weightless, cocooned in white noise and the snow on a TV screen.
“Okay, woah.” Dean puts his hands up. “What’s the big deal here? She was an adult. It’s not like she was
Just knowing Dean gets people dead; he’s a curse to anyone who gets too close. Something will inevitably happen, and Dean will just let him down again, and again.
Cas kisses him with no regrets, like Dean really
“Oh.” Dean thinks he gets it. Maybe Jack made sure that the already-existing feeling, that itching wrongness under Dean’s skin whenever he started driving in the wrong direction, was even more impossible to ignore. When he’d woken up in the motel that morning, covered in sweat and with that itchiness already under his skin, Dean
The lights have all been switched off; a sliver of city light filters in through the gap in the threadbare motel curtains. It casts a line of pale, silvery light across the ceiling, which Dean traces with his eyes. Wonders if it leads to the moon, or just another neon sign. Lying on his back on the fold-out couch, hands folded together on top of his stomach, he studies the water-stained plaster of the ceiling, unable to sleep. As ever. The asymmetrical lumps and bumps of the ceiling are weakly illuminated, like the craters of the moon.
He and Cas both turn their heads, in unison, to look over and down.
It's surreal to be this close to the ending. I first started writing this - four months ago?
“Sammy, what? You’re cutting out.”
And Dean realizes, as they trudge out into the dark and the trees, that he doesn’t actually know if it
comics,
The blackness fights back.
“I was listening to that,” says Cas.
“So, uh—you think that’s a good idea?”
Cas stares back, expressionless until he lifts an eyebrow, speaking like it’s painfully obvious. “Dean. You’ve said that before.”
That sounds like a disgusting idea, but Sam just nods, wanders a little closer, taking in the sight of Dean grinning and cooking breakfast in his hot dog pajama pants—and the same plain t-shirt as last night. Again, Sam feels like he’s just had a peek at something really private, but since that makes no sense in this context—his brother is just scrambling fucking eggs right now, how innocent can you get—he shakes it off.
Cas didn’t know. Cas will never know.
The werewolf is fucking enormous.
do that again, do you understand me?”
“Okay.” Leaning back in his seat, Sam folds his arms and nods once, decisively. “I’ll do it. I’ll take your word for it, Dean. We’ll see this through.”
Distantly, from the living room, “What, Dean?”
“I dunno, wrist cramp.” Shaking out both hands, he waves Cas away so he can get back to the food. Dean doesn’t want to think about this now. When Cas continues to stare at him questioningly, Dean snaps, “I’m fine, okay? I’m just really fuckin’ old, I guess.”
Cas stands over him, an immovable object. “You have multiple lacerations.”
He doesn’t know how he knows this.
It almost feels like, if he went to sleep right now, he could get it back. Like he would slip right back into the dream, and it would pick up where it left off. But Dean knows he can’t. He doesn’t really even want to, now that he’s awake and can see that world for what it is: a cheap hallucination, poking at all his weaknesses, going right for the soft underbelly Dean never shows.
They’re driving through the outskirts of a city at night, but they don’t intend to enter the actual metropolitan area at all on their route. They never really do, if they can help it. Always back roads.
Of course Dean doesn’t so much as twitch, too desensitized to Sam’s obnoxious sounds. Dean hides his grin in the crook of his arm, not that it would be visible in the shadows anyway. At this angle, Cas turned towards the window and its faint beam of light, Dean can make out the shape of his hair, which is tousled and spiked in odd places—and the shape of him under his borrowed t-shirt, more of his neck and collarbones exposed than his usual button-down shirt would ever allow, his arms bare. Dean suddenly feels so far away. A small noise wells up in the pit of his throat, and he suppresses whatever it is, pressing his forearm against his mouth.
And yeah, Dean does vaguely remember Cas telling them something about getting out of the Empty the first time by “
No reply.
Here, in the void, crushed on all sides by nothingness rather than blistering energy, Cas reaches up to him.
Sam seems to take a second to gather his thoughts. A new quiet resolve in his voice, like everything has started to make some semblance of sense, at last. “We’ll get him back, Dean.”
“You complained that the design was stupid,” Cas offers, like it’ll help jog Dean’s memory.
Dean’s lower lip is sore, raw, but he can’t stop chewing it. “If I really tell you, you’re gonna bypass all the motels completely and book me a rubber room instead.” Still joking, somehow, a faint smile on his lips. “Heh.”
And that line sounds familiar, too, actually. “Oh, great,” he drawls. “I’m Jennifer Connelly.”
it, even if I don’t.”
As they slide back into the car, shutting their respective doors almost simultaneously, they start going over the details of their new case. Or, Dean does, because he hadn’t totally been listening in the IHOP.
Suddenly, Dean knows what that feeling reminds him of—the strange crackling in his head during the few times in his life when he’s been put under general anesthesia, a foreign prickling sensation that happened every time just before the world went black and he was made to retreat inside his own mind and body.
Claire actually flinches back a little in her seat, stunned enough by Dean getting the reference that she goes silent. Sam still looks utterly confused. Dean relishes it.
And just like that, Dean is perfectly fine.
That doesn’t matter, because Dean knows why he’s here.
The fight would have gone better if the kid hadn’t stuck around to help. Well,
angel, but the word doesn’t belong to him.
Dean doesn’t reply, but he looks like he’s listening, waiting silently for Sam to continue, not wasting his breath asking “
Dean is sitting at the table in his hot dog pajama pants and dead-guy robe, apparently ready for bed, eating, and reading some dry news reports on his laptop about their case. Next to him sits a plate of something that appears to be Bagel Bites. Pizza-flavored.
.” Dean is gradually losing the pissy tone. “It’s Friday. Winchester movie night.”
Icy cold washes over Dean, and something swirls in his stomach; he wants to be sick. He can vividly picture his dad barking “
It fucking
“That’s right.” Dean can picture Jack happily bobbing his head in a nod. “
Jody gives them directions to some little abandoned ranger’s cabin, a suspected hideout for a subset of the werewolf pack. Another stupid forest, another monster. Another night of Dean pretending to be fine.
A silent beat passes before Dean gets out of the car. “Littering is wrong,” he tells Cas, with a cheesy after-school-special tone that’s mostly intentional.
Dean turns to his right, where he expects to see Cas sleeping, but instead Cas is now also awake, sitting up with his own phone pressed to his ear, perplexed like he doesn’t know how he got there.
Sam is almost there, to the spot where he left the Men of Letters’ equivalent of a magical artifact junk drawer, when he hears voices coming from Cas’ room.
It’s much too late by the time Dean realizes that this has been a truly tremendous mistake.
His mind feels fuzzy—from some nightmare he was having, he thinks. In the moment before he opened his eyes, it was like he was
And, what the fuck.
“Didn’t have a whole big speech planned, huh?” Dean wonders, going for flippant. It comes out a little too sincere.
Dean gives Sam a look that says
And there’s Sam, putting out fires and blithely stomping around on a bed of pine needles with his giant moose feet, and—
When Cas starts a few sentences like “Actually, in Chinese mythology, that’s not—,” Dean doesn’t even try to stop him. Dean hums small interested noises despite having no idea what Cas is talking about.
Everything else is just trees, and Sam keeps driving.
And through it all, Sam is just there, being Sam, unaware of what transpired, valiantly doing research and typing on his laptop and Dean is about to lose his
that wheelhouse. The deed to that fucking wheelhouse was under his
Dean is there for all the warm greetings, and he’s happy to see them, a ridiculous fondness welling up at the sight, but at some point he just—slips out of the proceedings unnoticed.
“What’s the deal with the boat picture?” Dean asks the front desk manager in the morning, as he waits for Sam to pack up in their room.
“Yeah, but—actually, yeah, Sammy started to agree with me. But I heard you talking about raking leaves,” Dean admits, “what kind of acid trip shit is that?”
Oh, the case. The reason they’re here. Of course Sam is back on that. They’d done a cursory investigation when they’d arrived in town that afternoon, and all signs seemed to point to wendigo.
“Not the point.”
, Dean thinks, with a strange, breathless jolt of excitement, they could dance like this. Just like this. It would be so easy.
misses Claire, he figures that must go double for Cas. Yeah, he’ll have to call her tomorrow.
“Dean, what’s going on,” Sam says flatly.
The clarity Dean had been infused with begins to ebb away. He’s dizzy, fuzzy around the edges as he claws at a floor, a wall, a ceiling that doesn’t exist. His resolve falters. What the fuck is happening?
Dean almost has to laugh at how clueless Sam is, though that’s not exactly his brother’s fault. “No,” he says bitterly, a twisted, humorless smile at the corner of his mouth.
“Look, I just—it’s not a big deal, okay?? Can we not do this now?” Dean says, voice going suddenly up in pitch and speed, indicating that for Dean, this is in fact a really, really big deal.
Dean swallows hard, and doesn’t look at John. “So, are we done with the Electric Kool-Aid now?” he asks, too forcefully.
(See the end of the chapter for
, of all things.
Dean twists around to face Cas once more, letting his hands drift down to rest comfortably, familiarly at Cas’ waist, fingers tapping unconsciously to the rhythm of Led Zeppelin.
It hits him in a hysterical little rush. If there was anything Dean should have learned from the djinn dream—
Over the last few weeks, Dean has kept sneaking glances in Cas’ book, that last one he’d taken from the stack, because Dean makes very poor life choices. Anyway, he’d hidden it every time Sam came close to catching him with it; Sam would probably be beyond thrilled to see Dean reading something like that, which just made it worse, somehow.
“Really, Sam? This is happening—” Whatever ‘this’ is meant to indicate. “—and you want me to care about some damn wendigos?”
Hours later, working side-by-side taking out a vamp nest, they don’t speak.
Carefully setting the spatula aside, Dean twists around in Cas’ hold until they’re facing each other. Slipping their arms around each other. Just resting against each other.
It sounds new, fresh and sharp as a knife.
Because Dean is apparently a glutton for punishment, he skims the page to see what Cas had been reading.
The story he should have written is already over.
Sitting on the edge of his bed, reality still feels a little fuzzy around the edges. He himself feels blurred at the edges. That son of a bitch really did a number on him, Dean thinks: he feels sleep-drunk and exhausted all at once. Standing up too fast makes him dizzy, despite Sam’s ministrations. Dean sits with his elbows on his knees, face in his hands.
“Damn, Cas,” Dean mumbles, abashed and articulate as ever, staring down at his own hands.
, very strongly towards me.”
It wasn’t like Sam was completely oblivious, he’d had a decade to notice that there was some kind of ongoing tension between the two of them, but he had attributed most of that to Cas… Figuring it to be some complicated, eternally unresolved thing that Dean would never be able to acknowledge or understand.
Dean can’t really read Cas right now. Ever since their aborted conversation in the cabin—Dean doesn’t know if Cas has purposely closed off his face, or if it’s Dean’s own anxiety and uncertainty clouding his ability to read Cas’ expression at all.
“Fuck, just let me,” he grits out.
“Dean,” Cas says again, giving the syllable an entirely different meaning than when he’d said it a moment ago, unbearably soft.
Dean hears a rustle behind him, glances over his shoulder. A smile unfurls slowly on his face, spreading out like the pat of butter he just dropped into the skillet. “Hey stranger.”
The dangerously big emotion in his chest, below his breastbone, behind his ribs, has a name, and it’s like he’s always known what that is, but is also finding it out right now for the very first time. He feels
with pain this time, and it shoots down all the way to his shoulders.
Dean pointedly looks at Cas for help, who very innocently averts his eyes.
Dean opens his mouth to take another massive bite of burger, the ketchup and mustard all congealed, as Sam starts to walk away—and then the bastard turns back.
Okay. The heartbreak hits of the ’60s had been his subconscious’s only way of fighting the dream that was slowly sucking the life out of him. Trying to remind him of the truth. Of despair. And, well, those songs felt pretty much the way real life felt.
And that’s it.
Dean’s throat bobs, the liquid warming him. He distantly hopes no police will cruise by and see him, but it’s three a.m., and he just doesn’t care enough to stop.
to take the trash out?” Because Dean may be a bit of a cleanliness freak at home, but he still likes to get out of any chores that involve directly touching actual germs.
“What one?”
“Hmm.” Cas just hums a small noise. “I apologize that my repeated attempts at communication knocked you unconscious,” he adds after a moment, but Dean can hear the wry edge to it.
. A couple of them got stuck between the dashboard and the windshield.”
Dean snickers at the sight, giving one of those unselfconscious, toothy grins that Cas has told him he likes so much. “Just trust me, it’s a good thing.”
“Boom!” Dean triumphantly rips a little bag from its hook. “Combos. Remember these? Pizza-flavored.”
“Dean, where are we going?”
Dean keeps walking, down the empty hall and away from Sam, and he can’t even give Sam an answer, because Dean doesn’t know.
For some reason, as the miles go by, Dean starts thinking about Mary.
Dean stares, still as a statue.
Cas looks at Dean. Dean looks at Sam, who is also now looking at Dean.
It’s not like Cas couldn’t have figured that out. But this is the longest road trip they’ve ever been on, just the two of them with no Sam. Dean feels a certain weight of responsibility to do it right.
“I never meant it did, but oh my god.” Dean collapses back, cracking up, laughing at how affronted Cas seems, hands clutching his stomach at the hilarity of it all. Dean doesn’t know if it’s even that funny or if he’s just relieved that they’ve so thoroughly broken the tension. He sits back up to catch his breath, brushing a tear from the corner of his eye.
They hustle her out of the cave, pushing her into Todd’s arms and urgently whispering at him to take her and go—and it’s too late.
“Dude, I
Striding purposefully down the hallway, he passes Dean’s empty room—of course it’s empty, because Dean said he was doing laundry again, which was weird since Sam could’ve sworn Dean did every load of laundry earlier in the day, except he wasn’t actually doing laundry, was he, he was doing—
Dean is about to come back with something even more sarcastic and rude, probably involving a few colorful metaphors and pop culture references to cover up any visible vulnerability on his part.
The feeling of unfinished business between him and Cas is suffocating, but now is not the time to bring it into the light. It’s such a mundane,
Right on cue, the angel is starting to sense his doubt, turning towards him in his seat. “Dean—”
Though they quickly pull apart, Cas can obviously see this reaction written all over Dean’s face, and the angel chuckles at him, softly, the edge of his mouth just barely quirked up. And Dean feels a spark of hope that this wasn’t his only chance.
“Oh, shit, Cas,” he hears himself whisper, the words hissing out in shock like he’s just been slapped across the face. “You
And maybe Dean knows Cas better than he thinks he does, because those words—
“Your phone?” A lost-looking Sam starts glancing around, and then he’s gesturing at Dean’s hip. “It’s right there, dude.”
“I’ll do it.” Dean beams, speaking too fast, like he’s jumping at the chance.
Crickets chirp on all sides as their boots swish through the tall grass, and there’s something that sounds like spring peepers, like maybe there’s running water nearby, but that can’t be right, it’s the wrong time of the year for them.
“Is this what the internet means when it refers to ‘Netflix and chill’?”
Dean can see the exact moment when Sam gets it.
They sit in an IHOP at a syrup-sticky table while Sam trawls the internet for other possible cases in their general vicinity, because they’ve already driven this far. They still have some momentum built up and nowhere to go.
Dean grunts around a mouthful of food. “Yeah, okay, settle down, Regina George.”
found out what happened to her, whereas she knew exactly what was happening the whole time. All she could do was wait to see if someone would find her or not. Hard to say who was in the suckier position there.
Claire and now Jody are both watching Sam and Dean expectantly. Cas is just sitting back, observing Dean with the others, as if curious to see how Dean is going to handle this.
“There is
Eventually, Dean falls asleep.
Cas is waiting in the passenger seat, car running, radio on. Listening to that same radio station, Dean notes, as he opens the driver’s-side door and music spills out. The song sounds vaguely familiar….
“That’s what I said, isn’t it?” he mutters, bullishly, already wanting to take it back.
“Look, I know how it sounds.” He thinks of the djinn, making him hallucinate. He thinks of Lucifer, the son of a bitch using Cas’ voice on the phone—but Dean can’t even let himself relive that one for too long before he starts seeing red. “But that was not a dream. Or a trick.”
As a side note: David Bowie's "Blackstar" would be a pretty amazing soundtrack for a Supernatural episode. I imagine it playing over basically the entire second half of this chapter.
“Everything is set up for you in the kitchen,” Mary tells him as she walks with him and Cas. “I just need to take the trash out.”
Dean’s shoulders tense. He could privately venture a guess: it was a place where their combined, focused energy was the strongest, him and Cas, the place they met. It put that strange itch under his skin, an itch he couldn’t scratch unless he was pointing the car in the right direction. Makes as much sense as anything.
It’s no stranger than believing that something sacred could happen in a parking lot, in front of a motel, in South Dakota.
Claire looks back and forth between the three of them, clearly unimpressed by this non-explanation, but Dean isn’t going to say one more word about it.
Dean hits pause and helps Cas lose the coat and shoes. Peeling the coat and suit jacket off of him with a surprising ease, as if he does this for Cas all the time. In the middle of it, something bright and elated rises in him, and Dean makes a show of licking his finger and then reaching up to fix a flyaway lock of Cas’ hair, like a little old lady might do to a young boy in church. Cas leans away, swatting at Dean’s hand, and just gives him this
at the back of the room, in the back of his head,
“Woah, kid, look,” Dean tries. “Simmer down. Why don’t you chill by the cars here, and we’ll call you if we need you.” Heh, like hell they will. Kid’s a goddamn liability.
Something terrible
Dean successfully quells the urge to sob with relief by cranking Baby’s engine and letting that sound take over, that familiar purr, closing his eyes for a second.
“Cas, if you were in Heaven we could talk all the time,” Jack says, then, and Dean doesn’t have to look over to know exactly how sad this is going to make Cas.
on the TV and sips orange soda in the dark while Sam snores.
Why is his phone in his
And Dean has the presence of mind to think, this is really gonna suck if he gets eaten by a werewolf before he gets the chance to talk to Cas.
Sam is upset. Dean’s not too drunk to recognize that. He’s just too drunk to care, which is to say, just this side of entirely too drunk. Sam is probably thinking about that one time a few weeks ago when he’d had to drag Dean out of the pile of sheets on his bedroom floor. It’s almost funny, because Sam has no idea how many other times Dean has been blackout drunk between now and then, how well Dean has covered his tracks.
Dean wakes in an oppressively black room.
God, Sam still has no
. But then Sam ultimately succumbs to the pull of sleep, dozing off with snores like a foghorn, and the room grows more peaceful.
Once the tank is full and the pump is back on its hook, he watches Sam’s receding back as his little brother walks into the gas station’s convenience store to stock up on snacks, and lots of Gatorade, apparently, because according to Sam, that’s better than water for someone as dehydrated as Dean.
All at once, Cas is kneeling in front of him; Dean is on his feet, as if he was standing the whole time, and their hands are gripped together, tight.
This feels like—he doesn’t know. Maybe one of those nights after the first few times Dad made him go on a solo hunt. That heady mix of adrenaline and trauma.
“Sam too,” Dean agrees. At least the first time they go, anyway.
“That wouldn’t have worked on me this time, because I know the score. I guess it knew that, somehow.” Referring to the djinn. “Last time, I remembered everything about my real life. This time was like—an actual dream.” Dean pauses, struggling to find the words, still in the process of putting these thoughts together even as he voices them. “You know how dreams just—fill in the blanks for you? Create false memories?”
The room number gets the manager’s lights to turn on a little. “Ah, yes,” she says, in a faintly Southern accent. “The owner likes to decorate the rooms with his granddaughter’s art.”
Then Dean smells what is unmistakably bacon on the verge of burning, and he turns back to fuss with the stove before all the food is ruined. Rescuing the bacon and sandwich, grabbing some clean plates from the drying rack.
And he looks over at Cas, stark light and shadow playing over his profile, his cheekbones sharp as knives, and there’s an ache somewhere between Dean’s stomach and chest, despite his relief at being back on a familiar road.
It’s in the way Sam had looked so stunned, paling at Dean’s reaction to being saved and going almost more pale than Dean himself. No sarcastic comments from Dean, no muttered complaints about his own condition or insults directed at Sam to lighten the mood. The way Dean was just suddenly
“Yeah, I’m just gonna need to go put my head in a paper bag and crawl under a rock for the rest of my life after we go home empty handed.” Still the joking tone, the weary and sarcastic little chuckles.
Whenever Dean wakes up, he knows that impressions from the creased fabric of the shirt will be pressed into his cheek, lines all over his face, and he finds he doesn’t mind that idea at all.
Dean is just sitting there, his back to a tree, arm draped over his knees, and he slowly bows his head, lays his forehead on that arm. “I think I’m done, Sammy.”
(There were a few little easter eggs scattered throughout the story, usually in the form of dialogue, so I'm also curious if anyone caught those.)
“Wanna see who can hold out the longest? Better flip over to pay-per-view because tonight’s the prizefight: a malevolent entity older than the goddamn universe, versus just a man and his will to survive—
Though it’s all a blur, Dean can hear Cas very distinctly say “
For a moment, Dean goes quiet. When he does speak, his voice is strangely hushed, much more than before. “You mean like...a radio?”
The lights are all off in the room save one bedside lamp, and the sun has gone down outside, night almost falling.
“What coffee machine?” His head snaps back up, no less confused.
Turning back as the truck’s taillights recede, Sam notices Dean there, frown deep and sudden as he starts to stride over, obviously assuming Dean is more gravely injured than he thought.
Sam is tracing his finger through the broken weeds and suggesting which direction their search should take when Dean hears his phone ring.
the first time.
The first hunt is officially a bust.
This is pretty much the exact reverse of how Dean would have imagined this moment.
Dean can’t tell who she’s actually addressing here. The room is pretty full right now.
Dean clears his throat. “So, what did you wanna—uh—”
There is one vital difference between himself and Cas, Dean realizes, as he lets the tree take his weight, lets the air take his breaths and turn them to puffs of fog.
scene. It’s none of his business, not unless Dean wants it to be. Don’t look back. Don’t think about it. Melting face. Burning eyes. The whole nine.
” Dean can feel the entire tone of the conversation change as soon as he says those words, can feel himself crossing the line.
When Dean crosses over to the kitchenette side of the room and reaches for the handle on the freezer door, Sam’s expression clears a little, because he’s at least sussed out why Dean took just one shoe off. Dean chucks his boot into the freezer and shuts the door, because he learned as a kid, and subsequently taught Sam, that the simplest way to remove gum from a shoe is to freeze it first.
He can recall hearing those exact words being spoken by Cas’ voice.
“What was what?”
Something flickers on Cas’ face—confusion?—then is quickly suppressed. Like Cas is forcibly trying to make himself as emotionless as when he was more angel than human, Heaven’s perfect soldier. But he can’t seem to do it, not completely. He even tilts his head to the side a fraction in that way of his—and god, that sight just makes Dean ache.
“Mom was there, but not Mom from— I mean, she still died when you were a baby. But after she came back a few years ago, she stayed back. And everyone else was okay, still right there with us—Charlie, Jack, Bobby….” The telltale pause is so conspicuous, Dean
the most logical place for them to be.
The tinny voice over the intercom interrupts them, saying, “
Their kitchen looks like a subway station. The off-white brick. The vague sense that you could be going somewhere, maybe, but only if you get out of
As everything winds down, Sam pushes his chair out from the table, and Eileen follows, claiming that
Yeah, well, Dean doesn’t recognize this version of his voice, either.
He didn’t lose Cas, Cas is real and warm and alive right in front of him. And Dean thinks to himself,
This is a weird one, but then, it kind of had to be.
The pounding headache reminds him that he’s alive. And he’s supposed to be alive.
“Dude.” Sam blows out a huge gust of air. “Something’s going on with you. I’m not an idiot, Dean. What is it?”
Shaking his head, grumbling to himself even more about irritating, lying little brothers, Dean trudges back to the stove and resumes making dinner.
Dean looks back up to see Cas’ eyes, wide and too-blue, and he remembers the original question—
. So he scurries by—walking as fast as he can while toting the tower of old boxes that is now clutched to his chest, deliberately not looking anywhere near the small crack in the door and pretending that he thinks Dean was alone in there the whole time. The
“Goddamn it—” Dean whips around again as he hears Cas firing shots, turning in time to see them graze the wolf as the creature dodges, lunging forward to clamp a clawed hand onto Cas’ wrist and wrest his gun away too.
thinks this is gonna trip him up, it’s got another goddamn thing coming.
But it’s still morning for some of them. Not everyone has eaten yet today. Not everyone is enough of a freak to get up, drink a glass of seaweed, and run twenty miles at the crack of dawn, Dean muses,
Dean wakes to a text from, unexpectedly, Eileen.
Sam’s look says everything he’s not saying out loud—the same look he gave Dean when he saved him, when Dean first opened his eyes and felt his wrists getting cut free. Sam’s look means that Dean
Thanks for following the story to its penultimate chapter! Thank you for your comments, and to my repeat commenters - it means a lot! One more chapter to come.
When Dean glances around the table, no one intervenes. Not even Jody gives Claire a cursory scolding about her manners. So he gives them all a sardonic eyebrow. “Really?”
Sam’s eyebrows angle in concern and preemptive sadness for something he’s waiting to understand. “Come on,” Sam says quietly, after a moment. Sam offers a hand down and seems slightly surprised when Dean actually takes it and hauls himself up off the ground. Sam’s eyes flit over Dean, double-checking for subtle injuries. “Are you talking about hunting?”
Not night sky black, witching hour dark, but—black hole dark. It’s an absence of light, and if any spark or glimmer were to appear, it would no doubt get sucked right up into the pitch-dark vacuum.
“Somewhere.” Dean stalls as he takes the ramp off this interstate and onto that highway. “I know where we’re going.”
They both sound just exactly like themselves, even after last night, and Dean breathes a small, secret sigh of relief.
Dean is rambling, only half aware of what he’s saying, but
Nose wrinkling in consternation, Cas glances up and reaches to pat his hair back down, failing to make much of a difference. “Dean,” he sighs. The movement of his arm lifts the edge of his t-shirt just slightly above his hipbones, and the sliver of exposed skin still does strange things to Dean, like making all his innards flip over backwards. Or giving him the urge to nuzzle his nose against it.
It’s Cas and Jack. Everybody hugs again, of course, Dean included, even though he’s seen them both even more recently than he last saw Sam.
Sam pauses. “Yeah,” he says simply, staring at Dean, face contorted in utter confusion.
“And this is just like our lives, you know? This right here. We’re trying to communicate, trying to hear each other, and we can’t. Stuck here for someone else’s sick amusement, playing our parts. So, I have a lot of practice with that, too. Being here should be a piece of cake, right?” One of those sardonic chuckles escapes before Dean sobers again.
“Read about this place, this town that has the—the biggest pie restaurant in the country. Like a pie festival or something,” Dean elaborates. Did he read about this place? Maybe. Does he actually have any intention of going there?
have.”
When Dean opens his eyes, Sam is still staring at him. Trying to understand what Dean is stumbling over.
It’s a weird tune that winds eerily on and sounds like the kind of booze-induced nightmare you’d probably get after listening to too much indie jazz while on a bender. It sounds like an age-old ritual, shuddering, shivering voices raised in some forbidden, arcane rite. It sends chills down his spine, but he doesn’t change the station.
“Not that I know of, no. Not like this. The closest might be Argus Panoptes, but he’s usually depicted as having a very large humanoid shape—”
. Nothing needs to change, just—leave it.
course
That’s when Sam comes back in, smiling at his phone. “Charlie just texted. She said, and I quote, ‘Congrats on the engagement, bitch, ilu’.” He spells it out letter by letter,
He realizes that Cas is staring him with an expression like he’s looking right into Dean. Right into the soul that he once claimed and pulled from Hell and left his angelic fingerprints all over.
There comes to Dean a certain understanding that the Empty does indeed have a consciousness—it’s all around him, in the nothingness that he sees and feels and breathes—and it is actively trying to throw him out, or throw him at least severely off-balance. He’s a human in the Empty. A stranger in a strange land.
Dean shakes his head, staring down fixedly at the lantern. “Don’t defend me, man,” he says, annoyed and barely audible.
“Buh...” Sam tries to remember how conscious people form words, his voice thick with sleep. “Who were you talking to?”
“Huh?” Since the Springsteen song on the radio has ended, and the Boss’ music isn’t even playing anymore, Sam looks understandably puzzled.
before this.
Son of a
Sighing, Dean perches on the edge of his designated bed and bends down to unlace his boot, ignoring Sam’s puzzled face. “Will you at least just start doing your thing and research this?”
“I have no power over the Empty, but I thought it would be okay if I just….”
, the word rings inside his skull like a bell.)
And he does.
“Song of Myself, 51,” it says. At a glance, Dean realizes it was something Cas had actually tried to talk to him about, once. The context of that conversation is lost to him now, but Cas had quoted a line or two, and Dean hadn’t had the slightest idea that it was from a poem. He’s not sure what Cas had been trying to tell him at the time, what point Cas had to make. Maybe Dean hadn’t been listening particularly hard.
Dean’s mouth opens. Closes. “I don’t, uh, remember.” Which, he’s slightly shocked to find, is true.
, doesn’t know why he did that, then hears how weird and cheesy that sounded and promptly wants to die.
The song has a kind of mournful quality, he thinks.
“It would never have reached me if the intent wasn’t there, supernatural influence or not,” says Cas.
“And I have to get him back. I have to try, even if there ain’t much of a chance. Hell, he—
Sam still isn’t behaving normally, though. Dean can tell. Sammy’s still tiptoeing around him like someone’s laid down a carpet of fucking eggshells, or maybe Dean himself is the metaphorical eggshell, because Dean clearly scared the shit out of him before and Sam hasn’t totally recovered from that.
Dean gives another very articulate “uh,” because he was about to say no, but well, actually— “This isn’t Netflix,” Dean says instead. Which is true. It’s Amazon. So, yeah.
He used to feel guilty having shows like this on the TV back when it was him and Sam in motels, and they were still young and fresh-faced. Shows about kids and schools and lockers were just another reminder of the normal, well-adjusted life that Sam was supposed to have but didn’t. So Dean had never watched this show back in the day.
“Sammy,” Dean sighs, “where the fuck are we?”
“You have no idea—”
“Ever since that djinn—”
Dean just keeps talking, something in it indefinably similar to the way he’d heard Cas talking to him before, over the phone in the woods.
Across the table, Mary chuckles softly, giving Dean a knowing look, as if shrugging and saying “
Cas shoots him a serious look. “You will not.”
It’s such a literal reply, and it reminds Dean so much of Cas in his early soldier-of-Heaven days, back when they first met, that it just makes him ache. Jack is so much Cas’ son.
” Suddenly, he musters the power to snap at Sam. “No, Sammy.”
Heart in his throat, Dean’s hand is suddenly on the radio dial, changing the station, which would seem an oddly-timed move to anyone watching, given that the current song is already ending, literally about to fade out. Without waiting to hear what the next one is, Dean turns the dial for a long minute, ultimately stopping on some talk show run by a conspiracy theorist. It sounds like something that might amuse Sam and Cas, with listeners calling in to ask about aliens, or the government, or sometimes aliens
“Fuck, don’t you get it? You don’t say something like that and then just bow out. You don’t
Damn it. Now that he thinks about it, the word “bleach” reminds him too much of
It’s stupid to talk about this, but it’s too late to stop now.
“No. Neither are you.” The white sheets and blankets rustle around on Cas’ bed for a second, and then Cas is sitting up, shifting to lean forward so that he and Dean can see each other.
“Jeez, Cas, I don’t know, why don’t you go bother Sam for a while?” He only half means it, but even though Cas has become a little less literal these days, the angel proceeds to leave anyway. It’s okay, because Dean knows he’ll come back.
I really appreciate everyone who stuck with it until the end. This is one of those stories that really just wrote itself, so thanks for coming along for the ride!
Dean hadn’t wanted to stick around to make small talk with the hunters.
Today, he goes to Cas’ room. Despite the “bad fucking idea” lightbulb blinking red over his head when it occurs to him to do it, Dean goes right in.
He watches his mom hug them, feeling a brief wave of something weird at seeing Mary and Eileen together, acting so buddy-buddy with each other. But the feeling quickly passes. It must be because this is still kind of new, but Dean’s pleased beyond words that his mom has gotten to know Eileen so well. And the way Mary looks at Sam, knowing he’s happy—it’s the same look Dean frequently gives his little brother, too.
“Listen, Cas. We gotta talk,” Dean says, immediately hating how nervous he sounds. “So, I was actually kind of trying to say something, earlier—before a werewolf kicked a shitload of broken glass in my face…”
, Dean thinks to himself, and it’s too much to wrap his head around. “And you’re exactly right. Maybe it will finally work that way, for the first time.”
On the drive here, there was nothing on either side of the highway but trees and fields, no signs of civilization. Then the chain stores started, Dean making scathing jokes as they drove past them (“You can tell we’re hitting the big time now, Sammy. A
Not that Dean is, in actuality, clamming up right now. He’s acting as though he has absolutely zero to hide. For an instant it almost makes Sam question this whole thing: Was he wrong?
“Thanks for the overwhelming vote of confidence there, Sammy,” Dean drawls from the floor. But he’s jittery, like he just drank sixteen cups of coffee, every nerve vibrating. He gets to his feet, refusing help reflexively, his hand quickly dropping the blue tie he was still gripping.
Cas doesn’t attempt to move, only leans his hands back against the counter behind him. “Dinner isn’t going to make itself,” Cas murmurs, eyes sparkling in a strangely mischievous sort of way that Dean rarely sees—yet knows he sees all the time.
Sam’s frown deepens, curious. “Why, what were you seeing?”
he thinks, feeling brittle,
And in the end, Cas hadn’t needed the cheap tricks of some exploitative hallucination to figure it out. He figured it out for himself.
He’d looked
“—I couldn’t imagine you saying something like that. I didn’t even realize what it was you’d said until much later, and I told myself I’d somehow misunderstood when—we were interrupted. My attention was elsewhere.”
God, he is so fucking stupid. And so fucking sorry.
Dean is just blankly staring at a bag of pork rinds when Sam comes back from the bathroom. Which wouldn’t be a problem, except Dean didn’t realize he was doing it, and Sam catches him at it.
on it, even as he watches Sam through the window.
By the time everyone’s cleaned their plates at least once and he’s gone for seconds and thirds, Dean isn’t sure why he feels a dizzy surge of something like déjà vu when Sam and Eileen mention that they have another surprise for Mary’s birthday, and Eileen promptly presents the back of her hand, showing off a lovely, sparkling ring.
Raising his head a little, Dean puts on a voice. “ ‘It’s not the destination that matters, it’s the journey’,”’ he recites, sagely.
Flipping on the radio, he hears that same station. Golden oldies of the ’60s. He entertains the idea of putting on some Led Zepp or maybe Metallica, but ultimately sticks with this. The stoplight is taking too long to turn, red in his eyes, and Dionne Warwick belts out,
Abruptly, he’s struck with the sense that he is actually crawling, dragging himself across some intangible horizontal surface even though his orientation with the blackness around him hadn’t seemed to change. The Empty mocks him. Dean persists, keeps going in an effort to find his feet. Hangs on with his fingernails. Doesn’t care if it turns his fingertips to bloody stubs. And, agonizingly slowly, the not-ground begins touching the soles of his boots again.
But it doesn’t stop. And even though Sam bought the first excuse, inevitably Sam
to talk to, not the overprotective mother hen Sam that’s been tailing him for weeks.
“My…?” He hates to admit it, but after the first few days of Cas being gone—even more so once they’d defeated Chuck, and Cas still hadn’t come back—the idea of trying to pray was too devastating. It felt hopeless, self-destructive, like cutting his own throat. “What prayer?”
“ 'What a long, strange road it’s been',” Dean intones. In the mirror, he sees Cas peer at him, as if the angel senses this must surely be a reference to something, isn’t quite sure what, and it doesn’t make any difference because he’s still fascinated by all the things Dean says.
Jack says it so simply and with such conviction that Dean averts his eyes to avoid taking the credit, even though Jack can’t see him. Or, maybe Jack can. The kid is God, after all. But it still throws Dean that he himself truly could have been responsible for setting these events in motion, all because of the strength and purity of what he felt for Cas.
“So it really was basically Dean,” Sam marvels, turning his head so suddenly that Dean jerks away when Sam looks at him, nearly losing his own balance and tipping backwards. “This is crazy. I mean, your mind may not have been strong enough at the time to wake you up,
Fear. Not the same kind of frightened he might get on a hunt gone wrong, familiar as an old shoe and navigable. No, not a familiar kind of fright at all. He doesn’t hear the phone hit the floor, too busy stumbling away from the window, trying to get out of this room, leaning on the wall, clawing against it for balance.
They spend a few more minutes trying to talk Todd into just staying by the cars, but it quickly becomes clear that this is one of those times where they can’t win the argument, and the kid is just gonna follow them anyway and get himself killed if they don’t let him come. So fuck it.
Noting that Dean had left his phone on the table after scrolling through his newest photos of the mangled dead body, Sam decided to take a fresh look himself, see if there were any clues he’d missed. He picked it up, tapped the screen, and was gratified when the phone instantly woke up, evidently not having had enough time to lock yet. And there was the bloody picture, already on the screen.
“Hey,” Dean points sharply at Cas, a little frantic, “you shut up.”
“Yeah? You don’t have to go check your busy social calendar first?” Dean teases. “Even tomorrow? Think you’ll be free then?”
But then that slow, dreamlike melody on the radio ends, and obnoxious commercials come on, so Dean rotates back the other way and changes the station, searching for a favorite. He knows he’s landed on it when it cuts on in the middle of a Led Zeppelin song. A classic.
After driving through the mountains for a couple of hours with very poor visibility, Dean’s feeling pretty beat, so he treats himself to reruns of
He pours the salt in. Then the gasoline.
In the car, Sam is just a flurry of hands before he starts driving.
That open look Dean had seen on Cas’ face, that naked vulnerability and emotion as they both knelt on the barn floor, seems to have gone into hiding.
“Hey. It’s okay. You’ve already said everything you could possibly say to me.” Dean thinks of how it started, the original confession, and huffs a little self-conscious laugh. All those gorgeous words from Cas that Dean still didn’t quite believe he deserved, but that he wanted to live up to—things no one had ever said to him before in his life. “You’ve said enough.”
The city’s sign calls it a park, but it’s really a demoralizing strip of grass and trees, with a couple of benches thrown in for good measure, between two parallel roads. It’s ribboned with caution tape that Dean and Sam blithely duck under. There’s not much there to see.
he did not fucking imagine that, he didn’t—
The earth is damp as they head into the forest, which helps muffle and quiet their footfalls, eliminates the possibility of crunching through leaves or snapping a twig. But the humidity is high and the temperature too low. That’ll make it harder to start a fire. And it’s foggy, because fuck their lives.
Cas tilts his head slightly, giving in first and speaking. “What are you thinking?”
They find another case.
The life he’s living is still so much better, because it’s
Dean hears it now, thunder that is not thunder.
“Of course,” Dean breathes, eyes closing of their own accord, hands still fisted in Cas’ trenchcoat. “Of
“Finally. You finished packing up all your bottles of Mane ’n Tail?”
It snaps back into his head like a rubber band, the reason he’s here, even if Dean doesn’t remember getting here, even if he’s dreaming. His pulse starts to hammer.
But then he had to go and grab another one from the seemingly endless supply of poetry books in Cas’ room. It was the next one in the stack with a visible bookmark. This time, the bookmark was just some faded Gas-N-Sip receipt.
“I was getting to it,” Dean says coolly.
, he’s sacrificed his own life again and again, he’s had to watch the people closest to him die
The lights of a town twinkle like stars on the horizon, and an exit sign promises food and gas, so Dean flicks on his right blinker and heads in the direction of flickering neon and ubiquitous golden arches.
“Thanks, fellas, don’t all leap in to defend my honor at once,” Dean says dryly, stuffing his mouth full again and grabbing for the gravy boat. The correct gravy-to-potato ratio is very important. Dean invented the concept himself.
Dean may or may not have ordered a nauseatingly expensive grill from a late-night infomercial at three a.m. because the woman shilling it had said, in the middle of her nonstop sales pitch, that it was the perfect way to cook a summer meal for your family, especially if you happened to have a burger lover in that family.
thing he should be complaining about is being too old to experience things for the first time.
Dean’s mind slowly works its way backwards, like piecing together a puzzle in reverse, or maybe systematically taking one apart—it had been a little silly, choosing to sleep on the sofa, but Dean guesses a part of him is still a little nostalgic, sentimental about one of the times in his life when he’d been happiest: when he was four.
, it’s like it could shatter him into a million pieces, and that’s okay. He can’t contain it all. He contains multitudes. (Where has he heard that before? Not on TV.)
,” Dean snorts. “That’s okay, it was for Sam anyway.” He side-eyes his brother, who is currently in conversation with Jack. “Thinks he’s too good for regular salad, but he can just deal with it, slum it with lettuce like the rest of us heathens.”
Overcoming this is nothing compared to the horrors he’s faced. Because this is not a horror. It’s something wonderful. It’s something big enough to scare him and that’s okay, it’s okay to be as long as he’s scared for the right reasons. This is a thing so beautiful it hurts, and he thinks Cas must’ve figured that out so long ago. It’s not a horror, not a nightmare. Getting what he wants, what they want, is not wrong.
“Beware of Darkness” by George Harrison
Cas’ eyebrow raise, even if he can’t see it. “Is that a thing?” Cas grumbles into Dean’s shoulder.
“Yeah, well, you made me late getting here,” Dean mutters back, a smirk playing on his own lips. “Payback time, pal.” Remembering what had happened right before he’d left for Mary’s house, setting the scene as he pictures himself in a sunlit bedroom—
…’? No, I don’t think so.”
“Jack,” Cas says, uncertainly, before he looks up and his eyes meet Dean’s.
He can’t even speak.
“Actually, you know what, yeah. You’re damn right I’m angry.”
Dean can feel the antidote pumping through his veins, working its way through his bloodstream.
After all the obligatory long goodbyes and hugs when they left Jody’s, Cas vowing to give Claire his number when he gets a new phone, Dean drives to a cheap motel. They get another room and fall to the mundane business of divvying up the beds, who goes where, who gets first turn in the shower to wash off all the monster guts.
That almost stops him thinking about Cas. Almost.
There’s a
Dean snatches the lighter back impatiently. Cas’ hands feel hot. “Your face is inefficient.”
“No, I want an answer, Dean,” Cas says, almost too sharply, taking a few steps closer, eyes blazing. What started as a flippant remark from Dean has gotten far too serious. “Tell me. Why shouldn’t I?”
Cas arches an eyebrow. “Are you ever going to sit down?”
him, that even in a dream, he’d been able to so easily accept that kiss in front of his whole family. Realistically, he can’t even imagine something as small as holding Cas’ hand in public—
“What is it?” Cas asks, getting closer and peering down at Dean’s hands.
Sam was already out on a hunt, or maybe just making out with his girlfriend, when Dean got the call that prompted the road trip. It was from a friend of a friend of a guy that their dad saved once, or some such shit, calling in a favor. It was a few states away, but a pretty basic hunt, so there was no need to wait. He packed up his duffel and took Castiel with him.
He has to remember that. He’s alive.
“Yeah, you’re pretty much running that risk either way.” His tone is even drier than Dean’s.
him, that he’s never seen Dean quite like that—it wasn’t just the greyness of his skin, the pallor of simple injury and fatigue. Something about Dean’s face when he collapsed to the floor—it was like Dean had given up.
” Dean pushes both hands back into his hair, like he’s at the end of his rope. Takes a step away from Sam, swivels to stare off into the trees they’d been lost in just moments ago. Of course Sam doesn’t understand, because Dean won’t
Continuing to be amused by this saga, Sam swiped to the next shot. Surprisingly, it was posed, a close-up with Dean standing on the left, arms folded, tolerating this with mostly impassive eyes but a very small smile on his face—Cas closer to the camera and clearly still holding the phone, but actually in the frame this time, a proper selfie of the two of them. Sam found himself smiling at the way Dean had unexpectedly played along with that. He wouldn’t mind ribbing Dean a bit for that later over how sweet it is, even though he wasn’t actually supposed to be looking at these photos. The look on Dean’s face would totally be worth it.
Again, sleep is impossible.
Dreamlike voices sing about how
—so Dean sits and waits and waits until, with an agonized frown of pure concentration, he very, very slowly turns the wheel left.
,” Dean hisses immediately, literally shushing him without even turning. “I’m concentrating.” He probably shouldn’t be having this hair-trigger reaction to the situation, but if he’s gotten them lost, it’s fucking embarrassing.
“Whaddya got, Ranger Rick?” Dean asks. The dense, foggy air feels thick in his lungs, makes it oddly hard to breathe, so getting off his feet for a minute is a relief. His scalp prickles like he’s got a head rush from standing too fast. Almost like he can
Continuing to make eye contact even if Dean is not, Sam tells him, simply, “It’s Cas.”
That does the trick. At these sardonic words, a little more animated and less laconic than Dean’s been for the last day, Sam looks like he’s just been fed a lifeline. In fact, Sam is so bolstered by it that Dean regrets not trying a little harder to act more like himself last night.
Thanks for hanging in there! This is by far the bleakest chapter, Dean's lowest point, so don't worry, now there's nowhere to go but up.
“That was years ago,” Sam says slowly. “I didn’t tell anyone. There’s no way you would’ve known that. There’s no way
“Todd,” Sam murmurs back.
His eyes open again in time to see Cas’ own ridiculously fucking blue ones get wider, dilating into black. The glow of the streetlight behind Cas haloes his head, because of course it does. Cas is so fucking beautiful and someone should tell him that every single day. He can feel Cas’ breath against his face and Cas must be able to feel his, too, he thinks distantly, as Cas’ hand comes up out of nowhere and brushes his cheek.
Cas had said he
to me. What is this? Are you saying you had a vision?”
“Dean,” and Cas sounds strangely scolding,
Dean opens his eyes and is lying back with one shoulder against a broken branch, Sam clutching onto his other arm and looking down at him, attentive and alert.
“Um, yeah, I think I said ‘What’ when I found you lying in the parking lot….”
“Not likely,” Sam snickers. “Dean still has cassette tapes, Mom. He has
. “You were sitting up in the passenger seat. I was in the back. I saw them flying
Dean grins at finally getting through to the Sam he
It’s so on the nose that Dean just elbows Cas in the side. “Dude.”
“It was raining,” Cas supplies.
Cas only breaks the kiss briefly to breathe into his mouth, “
no pun intended—Cas seemed to have no complaints whatsoever.
, Dean might have asked then, but he doesn’t.
An hour—a few hours, who knows—later, Sam pulls in at a gas station to fill the tank. The arrow on the gauge was hovering dangerously close to
“Which one you feelin’,
“Did you consider that it
For a moment, Dean wouldn’t rule out the theory that he never woke up from the djinn dream at all.
One breath, then another—Dean lets silence fall once again onto the nothingness, landing like the stillness of fresh-fallen snow. Unclenches his fists where the knuckles of one hand had been turning white around the edge of his phone. Relaxes, lets the borrowed words rest, all those words he cobbled together as his armor.
In the passenger seat, Sam is now Googling local news near the pie place using the city name Dean rattled off to him.
And, finally, Dean does.
“Oh,” says Dean, grinning around a pizza-flavored pretzel roll, holding it right between his teeth like a cigar without breaking it, as he cranks Baby’s engine, “I’m
“I didn’t interrupt you, Dean!”
A vertiginous rush hits him, intense enough that Dean crumples, doesn’t know whether he’s even upright anymore, if he’s looking at the not-walls or the not-ceiling, but he grits his teeth against it. He’s felt dizzier than this in the past few weeks.
’til you’re about to—” Dean swallows heavily.
“Go, go,” Sam hisses at Sarah, pushing her in the right direction, but Todd stays.
Sarah is bundled into the truck by a very shaky Todd—interestingly, Sarah is decidedly less shaky than the kid, but then, the kid had to grapple with the unknown this whole time, wondering why she was gone and if he was gonna lose her, and he literally
“So I’ll say now what I said then, give or take a word or two: I will
All at once, Dean sees Cas’ hand making a beeline for his bleeding face, fingers spread wide. Dean ducks away, alarmed. “Wait, no, don’t waste your juice on that.” Cas’ grace must be lower than the angel ever realized, based on that earlier smiting fail.
“What you said to me in the Empty, Dean,” Cas whispers against the shell of his ear. “It was breathtaking.”
As Dean’s wrapping up, nearly ready to serve the food (and Cas is in there again, but Dean can’t risk any distractions now, not when his perfectly timed series of side dishes are all about to finish, so Dean reluctantly keeps his hands to himself), the radio starts to go out again. When he reaches up to jimmy the antenna around, he flinches sharply, suddenly clutching that hand with the opposite one.
“No. But it could be masked in some way. Even a weak spell might be enough.” Cas sounds uncomfortable, implying that a weak spell might actually overpower his mojo right now.
“I’m just following orders, ma’am,” Dean says, with a plastered-on polite smile that somehow always manages to look easy and genuine. “We go where they tell us.”
, he’s never actually kissed a guy in his life, and whatever facsimile of Cas’ mouth his dream-addled mind had conjured is a fuzzy memory now.
—” Christ, this is humiliating. “Pretty much yep.” Dean says that too fast, with a jerky nod, the words jumbling together.
If she’d known about Dean’s mixtape—which he’s pretty sure she didn’t, she was off running around with the British Men of Letters at the time—she probably would’ve figured it out
Then again, a few years ago he wouldn’t have been able to picture Cas saying “douchebags,” either.
cool,
“So….” Sam furrows his brow, parsing this out. “Basically…last time your ‘wish’ was that Mom never died when we were kids, right?” And yes, Sam has remembered this correctly, even if Dean isn’t too sure how this is at all relevant to the lore. “You’re saying this time, the wish was about everybody? But our lives were just
Dean smashes his eyes shut, fighting for clarity, then opens them again. Cas is still there, down the eye of a telescope, down the wrong end of a pair of binoculars, and Dean reaches.
“You know I always do better when I’m working,” Dean says. “And I’m ready to work. I gotta stretch my legs.”
into that touch on his cheek—but the distance is closed, all remaining personal space erased, until his lips brush against Cas’ and then, just like that, Dean’s kissing him under the neon lights.
, I was headed here. Because I
“It did,” Cas agrees simply, with a single nod.
“There was this second when I knew that was him, actually him. I was goddamn
For a moment Sam doesn’t say anything, his face working as it goes through half a dozen emotions in a matter of seconds.
“At least Satan isn’t my co-pilot,” Dean snarks, without thinking. The
The corner of Dean’s mouth quirks up into another grin. “But a powerful signal, huh? So less AM/FM, more satellite radio?”
Dean starts unpacking the groceries, with Cas’ help, lining up all the ingredients he’s going to need—until abruptly Dean finds himself crowding Cas up against the counter. The impulse flashes through him, and then he’s just
He flicks the flame to life and tosses the lighter into the grave, watches it burn, staring down, feeling slightly ill. When he’s mad at Cas, he usually hits him with brutal honesty, something much worse and more painful than the childish bickering he shares with Sam.
Because, amazingly, they’ve come far enough that they can actually joke about this now.
Dean wishes he could shut off the part of his brain that runs on song lyrics and pop culture references as fuel. He needs to use
in the frame, and Dean was looking up from the table, straight at the camera, a guileless expression on his face.
It’s those looping interstates where the roads crisscross over and under each other like a rollercoaster. Like spaghetti, as he and Sam used to say when they were little. Being on top of one of these things and looking down, out the window, used to feel so vertiginous back then when John was driving, when John was the only thing keeping them from plummeting down. But Dean doesn’t really give it a second thought now.
“You don’t have to give me anything, mom. I mean, it’s
When it’s done, Dean tosses the jackets over the back of a nearby chair with a little more care and precision than he would if they were his own clothes. When he turns back around, he’s face to face with Cas. So close. And Cas is so warm—has he always been this warm? Dean can actually feel it now, without all those layers covering him. Dean sways in closer, drawn toward the heat without meaning to.
, but considering that the inner workings of his mind basically look like an M.C. Escher painting right now, it seems appropriate enough.
That says volumes about what this whole thing means to Dean, and Sam abruptly feels guilty for even trying to get his brother to crack earlier—guilty
in a way he seldom does, and Dean instantly loses it.
“Okay, so, when we get there, we head to the sheriff’s office first.”
Instantly Dean is shooting Sam the most utterly offended look he can muster, bristling like a wet cat. “What?” he snaps. “I—I never said that.”
” His voice sounds breathless to his own ears, parched, like he’s been wandering the desert for forty years. “You’re—”
“Is that wise?” Cas asks him.
“Why, what’s up?” Dean asks, his voice curious. “Just not used to it?”
It almost sounds like Dean could be talking about one of the many times Cas left the bunker to attend to Heaven bullshit instead of staying, but that’s only a fraction of the problem here.
“After all, it’s, uh, movie night, right?” Dean ventures, though he can’t seem to remember what day of the week it is. But Cas doesn’t dispute it.
Across the table, Cas still appears to be oblivious to every word that passes between the two brothers, giving Dean heart-eyes. And Sam realizes, smiling a little wider, that Cas has, actually, always looked like that.
But then, his mom must be the same way, a bit, sentimental for that all-too-brief time in their lives. She’d chosen a house that so resembles his childhood home it’s almost
Dean had nearly—okay, completely—forgotten about Todd and why they were out here in the first place.
A pause.
As hours pass, evening arrives, and the light of the kitchen gradually turns from white gold to something deep and burnished.
He keeps an eye out for more animal eyes or the flick of a white tail until the road becomes a little less rural. There’s a pair of blue signs mounted on poles at the next intersection, alerting drivers to an interstate that Dean immediately, unaccountably knows they will be taking. He flicks his blinker on for the northbound route before the signs are even close enough to read.
No, he’s not going to press or even question Cas about this. Not ever. That’s just not the right way for this to go down. If Sam ever ends up hearing about this “officially,” he needs to hear it from Dean.
Eyes back on the road, Dean’s stomach skitters around a few times, like a dog chasing its tail. Wonders if Sam will look at him differently. Worries that Sam will. But at the same time, Dean knows it had to be this way. It was do or die.
Dean pushes a flare gun into Todd’s hands and gives him the abridged version of how to kill a wendigo.
Twelve fucking years.
. He can’t think about that.
“Nothing, Sam.” A small frown knits Dean’s brow and it, too, is genuine. He has no idea what Sam is trying to do here. “What are you talkin’ about? Do you have something you wanna tell
The sound of a shot cracks through the air, and the wolf suddenly goes down. It falls at Dean’s feet to reveal Cas kneeling on the other side of the room with Dean’s silver bullet gun in his hand. The wolf must’ve tossed Cas right over to where the gun was.
doing them.” He looks up at Sam, who pretty much towers over him when Dean’s sitting down, and winks. “Bitch.”
. Cas is made of starstuff—didn’t Dean hear someone say a phrase like that, once? (Maybe on TV?) Or maybe Cas made the stars themselves, he’s a friggin’ angel, older than the stars, so it’s humans that are made of stars, isn’t it—and angels probably made the stars, just like Cas remade
Dean can’t find the words—which is ridiculous, because back in that stupid dream he could’ve said anything,
The two of them are not alone, for one thing—and that is not a conversation that would benefit from an audience—plus all three of them are still so shell shocked that they barely speak during the drive to the motel, just going through the motions and trying to function. Dean hardly remembers how to order food like a normal human being for the scant five minutes when they pull up at a drive-through window. He’s not sure what he ordered; he thinks he just said the word “burgers” about fifteen times and hoped for the best.
Dean looks at him like he’s grown an extra head, which is pretty much how Dean looks at him half the time anyway, because Sam is a person who enjoys doing inventory for
“Are you—”
“Shut it, Springsteen,” Dean barks.
Dean clears his throat, summoning a little stoicism. “For the record, I don’t, actually. Know where we’ll end up, that is.”
“I didn’t? You didn’t?” Dean questions, and Sam shakes his head again each time. “You’re telling me I just passed the fuck out?” Dean remembers rounding the corner of the building, looking down at his hands…. And then the phone rang, the phone
Jack pipes up again. “Say hello to Sam for me, okay?”
Rolling his eyes, Sam hopes, for Cas’ sake, that the patience of an actual saint is included somewhere in his innate angelic programming.
In the heart of the town is an old-fashioned main street, cozied away from the chain stores that make up the bulk of the modest-sized town itself. They head to a small local pizza joint, tucked away in a row of brick buildings with facades that haven’t been redone since the ’50s, where the victim’s boyfriend works.
But, right. Cooking.
But Dean just stares at the table, losing his steam, because here’s the point, here’s where it hurts. “You don’t get to just sacrifice yourself.”
Those hands are all Dean can see as Sam gets him bundled into the passenger seat, and he’s too physically weak from blood loss to realistically wave Sam’s help away. Sam disinfects Dean’s wrists by wetting a cloth from a fifth of vodka. Sam forces him to drink water, pressing the plastic rim of a bottle to his lips, standing outside in the gravel and leaning into the open passenger side door. Dean chokes a bit, like his throat can’t remember how to swallow, and Sam doesn’t move until the water starts going down smoothly again.
It sweeps Dean’s feet out from under him, his knees buckling, even though he’s already lying down. Dean’s sense of reality crumbles around him, a city in ruins. His head is fuzzy, like the acid trip montage from another dream he might have had, once.
“We keep saying we’re going to talk,” Cas murmurs. Dean can feel Cas’ lips brush against the freckles on his shoulder as he speaks. “We rarely seem to actually do that.”
Blurred lights glisten in the distance, a skyline he’s never seen up close, and Dean drives over railroad tracks in the dark, turns onto a road surrounded by thick brush.
Cas, completely ignoring Dean’s aside, continues on, with that squinty yet somehow poignant look he gets when awed by humanity. “Strong enough, and loud enough to reach the farthest corners of existence itself.”
He can’t blame Cas for not seeing what Dean wouldn’t let himself see.
And, well, it’s no stranger than believing in angels.
On the TV,
“Cas,” Sam gasps out in lieu of a greeting, elated as he goes to them, the gasp reminding Dean once again that, yes, his brother is also here. “Oh my god. You both okay? I think something knocked me out,” Sam adds, wincing and rubbing his head, running a hand through his shaggy hair, which also appears to have hay in it.
One page was all in Spanish, so his eyes skipped to the opposite side. It said:
Dean opens it to the marked page; the bookmark itself is a cheap piece of laminated plastic that says
Jack knows, in the way that children can be all too perceptive, often about their own parents, that Cas would never be happy anywhere other than Earth. Than by Dean’s side. That intuition has everything to do with Jack being their son, and nothing to do with being God.
and if that don’t beat all.
“No, but— Uh— But I
There are ships down there, Dean manages to glimpse just before—after a long series of signs alerting them that it’s coming—the car plunges into a tunnel. Dean flicks on his headlights and grumbles about the toll, and they drive a two-lane road through tiled walls lit by intermittent bulbs. It feels damp in here, but he’s pretty sure that’s just his imagination.
The lamps of the library glow orange. After his shower he finds Cas flipping through a book. They haven’t talked about anything important this whole time, not really. Just the hunts, just the work. Just the rules of the road. The shadows hiding half of Cas’ face remind Dean that his fingers have learned the shape of Cas’ nose, the curve of his jaw. Dean just aches.
it. I’m here now, it’s happening, and you can’t—you c
on his phone.
“Sorry,” Dean mutters. “They should put that on a bumper sticker,” he offers, trying to make up for it with a joke, but it flops.
Then again, it made a strange kind of sense. Dean had always been the one who cooked, the one who sort of cleaned, the one who picked up Sam’s gum wrappers or dirty socks in disgust when they’d been left on the floor instead of put into their respective trash can or hamper. Sam was perpetually the little brother in that respect, and even though Sam was generally the brother voted most likely to put down roots and live a normal life in a normal house someday, Dean had such
“Knock it off, of course it’s not a competition,” Jody cuts in, the voice of reason. “It’s just a coincidence.”
It’s so fucking inelegant.
And this thing is so difficult that he’s not even sure he can do it?
“Oh yeah, I bet our little friend didn’t like that too much, did it?” Dean means the Empty, of course, but he continues to snub it, continuing to address no one but Cas. “That’s okay. We’re not playing its games.”
The future is unwritten.
one jumps through the window when Sam finally bursts through the door.
were strong enough to penetrate the entire dream and go somewhere else.”
Dean shakes his head, trying to clear it, but he can’t seem to stop making eye contact with Cas, because if he stops— If he stops— Something desperate rises up in his chest, something verging on panic as he stares into Cas’ eyes—
There’s a twitch of amusement in Cas’ expression. “Deal.”
Dean sings along unthinkingly and under his breath, seemingly oblivious to the lyrics, even those damn tragedy songs of the ’60s unable to put a dent in his mood as he blithely chops peppers and onions.
The highway they’re on becomes the main drag of a small town, not so different from the town where they burned the wendigo. A brown brick drugstore, the long rectangle of a grocery store, the dated stonework on the front of some insurance building. When the buildings start to grow more sparse, the road inclines down and a baseball field unfolds on one side, yellow dirt stretching out between a few rows of cheap metal bleachers. Something flashes in a shadow between the trees beyond the chain link fence—animal eyes, that unhuman green-gold glow, and a deer steps out from the trees into the sunlight as they pass.
“I just mean…what’s up?” Trying to sound light and conversational now. It’s bad, and it’s phony, and Sam would physically cringe at himself if that wouldn’t make this seem even more suspicious.
Dean points at Sam and gets out a ridiculous “ ‘Only
Back on the concrete floor, in the shell of a building the djinn had holed up in, there’d been no warning at all when he’d felt the dampness on his face, tears abruptly leaking out, and it feels like it’s about to happen again. On that other cold floor, in the Men of Letters’ dungeon, it had been much more forceful, unstoppable, but he’d managed to keep himself surprisingly quiet, even though no one was there to hear him.
to help. Todd’s just another body to get in the way, to worry about, as the wendigo flings itself at them and thrashes out every time they try to make their move. The kid hits his head on a rock and gushes blood, though Dean’s sure it’s a surface wound that looks worse than it is. The sight of it distracts him long enough that the wendigo swipes Dean’s arm, drawing blood through his two layers of sleeve.
When Dean pulls back, intending to do so only partially so that he can keep Cas’ face in his sights—like he’s afraid it’s gonna go away again—Sam misses Dean’s intent entirely and dives in, gets right in front of Dean and hugs Cas too. Dean feels the urge to laugh hysterically bubbling up inside him, but nothing is particularly funny.
someone once said.
All three of them in the car, Dean sits at the wheel again, stroking a hand over it before sticking the key in the ignition. His eyes keep flitting from the dashboard to the rearview mirror.
“No, I—uh—shut up,” Dean huffs. “That crap ain’t cute, Sam.”
Shutting the door in the boat picture’s face, Dean walks outside and goes around back to get a drink from the vending machine. It’s out of Coke. He punches the button for orange soda. It tastes the same as the acid in the back of Dean’s throat.
The song crashes on, that relentless beat slapping Dean upside the head and somehow reminiscent of bumper to bumper traffic, grey fumes, and stoplights flashing like the lights in a disco.
The cabin is empty.
“Okay, I’ll let you wimp out and catch your early-bird dinner before you go to bed at 8:30, grandpa,” Dean grouches, without heat, the insults rolling off his tongue so fast he’s probably not even giving them any thought. “And I’ll be sure to get the hell off your lawn, too. Oh hey, why don’t you tell me about how you used to walk fifty miles every day uphill backwards in the snow?”
“Cheez-Its,” Dean declares, brandishing another bag. “Remember that time you pulled the bag open so hard they all popped out?”
Since every word has come out of Cas’ mouth sounding like he thinks being awake right now is an abomination, it’s completely unexpected when Cas says, in the same rough voice, “You’re so beautiful.”
It’s equal parts a relief and a strain whenever Eileen visits the bunker. On the one hand, hearing her laughter or walking into a room to see her cozying up with Sam is definitely a comfort. The bunker was too damn empty with only him and Sam to share it. On the other, traitorous hand—it just makes him sad. It really is that simple, because it’s not even jealousy—Dean wants them to be happy, genuinely enjoys seeing Sam like that, and Eileen is also just a pretty awesome person.
that it doesn’t stop. Dean is backtracking down another road and peering intently out at their surroundings.
He’s just still a bit fuzzy-headed; that nightmare must have really fucked him up, for him to still be feeling kinda out of it. But it’s all becoming clearer now.
Dean whirls on Cas, still annoyed. “How the hell do you know that?”
“It felt real?” And something in Cas’ tone makes the hairs on the back of Dean’s neck stand up.
Dean’s saying all this as if in a trance, intoning it all fairly serenely, detached from the violently strong emotions it should have stirred up within him. His own voice sounds distant and hypnotic, much like Cas’ had sounded over the phone.
in his mouth, and the fact that he is currently in a parking lot under a buzzing neon motel marquee, with cars backfiring on the highway and chlorinated water lapping against the sides of a concrete pool—the incongruity of it all smacks him upside the head.
is blazing in his eyes again. “There is nothing I wouldn’t do to protect you.”
“Are you alright?” Cas murmurs, barely audible, against his ear.
He walks and runs and crawls until his head is spinning from the seeming lack of progress. Like some fucked-up treadmill. It just goes on and on, he thinks. And then,
, these days.
Cas pauses, squints at him. “You did
“It’s about intent.” Cas nods again, slowly, piecing this together. “Even though I heard no words at the time, I assumed it was a prayer. Obviously, I was wrong. What I felt, more than heard, was a very focused…strength of emotion. Angels do have the ability to sense longing,” Cas adds to Sam, in a matter-of-fact way like he’s explaining the weather, or how bottle caps are made, and not something that makes Dean’s eyes go wide and his face instantly heat up, and Dean has a sudden, violent wish to go curl up under a rock somewhere and hide for about fifty years.
But Dean doesn’t expect Cas to look startled, then almost pissed off. “Dean, don’t.”
, the wendigo repeatedly knocking all three of them over. The kid stays down for a while; Sam and Dean keep hitting the deck as the ugly thing flails around, too close and erratic to shoot with a flare, but they can’t get a clean shot at its heart with the stakes either. Whenever the wendigo lunges at one of them, they keep trying to wrestle it and failing, a bed of pine needles somewhat softening their repeated falls to the dirt. Pine needles and rotting detritus stick to Dean’s face each time he’s slammed back into the mud.
Plus, and this is really the clincher, the boyfriend got a glimpse of the creature that took Sarah when they were camping in the woods. Yes, creature, and
They stay in there a while, and it’s too quiet.
“You taught me what free will means. Both of you,” says Jack. “And Sam. And I know that no god is supposed to interfere, because people have to choose. Being human is about choices. That’s why redemption exists. That’s the way the universe was supposed to work.”
A slight grin tugs at Dean’s lips. “Plus, come on, he’s your dad. Pretty sure that counts as a special occasion.”
A phone call was his moment of hope, once, when he’d lost everything.
Another wolf leaps through the broken window.
“Actually, hm—which
Dean’s fingers are cold around his gun, his skin slightly clammy from the mist.
” Dean says, as if that, in its simplicity, explains everything, voice cracking at the end. It’s a phrase he has said countless times before—hell, they both have—but Dean realizes that every time he was the one saying it, it always meant something
Dean wakes in a brilliantly white room.
Oh, that’s right. They will be. Dean nods, immediately recognizing her statement to be true.
Dean swears he can actually see the image of himself reflected in those eyes. So clear he can even see his own freckles. Like stars in Cas’ eyes, he thinks, and Dean doesn’t even
Sam consults his phone again. “Somewhere in southeast Illinois.”
Dean leans into it like he’s still touch-starved. And they’re going to have to get up, get out of these ruined clothes, but Dean can’t bring himself to care just yet. He turns to curve his body into Cas’ again. He feels the flicker of Cas’ eyelashes as they graze his cheek. Their mouths slide together unhurriedly, and Dean licks lightly against Cas’ lips. Drawing Cas’ lip between his teeth, for once, rather than what he does to his own lip in moments of anxiety.
The boyfriend nods. He grew up here, he tells them, so he knows the area pretty well.
He watches Cas’ face go through the journey of trying to decipher this obvious pop culture reference to
“Everything you are to me, what a beautiful soul you are—” Quiet words. The two of them are so close now that Cas doesn’t even need to raise his voice above a mere breath. “I can
think about either of their beds, that’s trauma-inducing material.
The bed isn’t even as wide as his own and Sam’s, had Dean ever actually noticed that before? Dean thought of it as
Taking advantage of their surprise, the wolf rears back, forcefully knocking Cas off.
Crap, did Dean fuck up on some level he hadn’t even realized? It’s not like angels really have gender—
“For one, I’d like for you to tell me what you want.”
FRIDAY MORNING
“Cas.” Dean hears himself sigh, a sound more peaceful than he thought himself capable of. “Of course I do,” he murmurs almost too softly to hear, a manner of shorthand, which of course Cas understands instantly, and without question.
Everyone, that is, except Cas.
Increasingly uncomfortable under all this scrutiny and analysis, not to mention dumbfounded, Dean squirms. “Yeah, okay, professor,” he mutters, snarky.
, and cared for by someone who isn’t obligated. Something about the fact that she had texted him directly, despite Sam undoubtedly telling her everything that happened already.
The hunt got messy, and it took all night, but they’re done. And Dean’s driven twelve hours today. And they didn’t book a motel, because they haven’t seen one yet. It’s just all desert. Ghouls in the desert. Fucking ghouls.
Cas’ eyes go from the gravy boat to Dean’s plate, then widen with total understanding. “Oh. Of course.” He passes the piece of crockery over to Dean. “The gravy-to-potato ratio.”
Cas sways in to kiss him like it’s the most natural thing in the world. “I love you, too,” he avows against Dean’s mouth. Dean threads the fingers of one hand into Cas’ hair as they exchange a few more kisses, stubble rasping together, before Dean returns to the counter to finish dealing with their breakfast-or-lunch.
Donna greets them with a peppy “
by him. Dean parts his knees for Cas to settle between as they keep languidly exploring each other’s mouths; the heat of another body is intense, leeching through two layers of clothing and against his inner thighs. Dean hears himself making some kind of sound, a whimper in the back of his throat, a sound he’s never heard before in his life.
“No, Dean, I really don’t agree. You didn’t.” Sam’s voice is earnest as he walks over, and when Dean turns, he sees that same look on Sam’s face—that same awful look Sam had just after rescuing him from the djinn. The look that means Dean is freaking him out, and tipping Sam off that something bigger is going on here. “He was gone, you said so yourself.”
“I also know you haven’t wanted to talk about it.” Clearly referring to losing Cas, but still hesitant; the topic has been taboo for so long. “But we can? If you think it’ll help, we can. I mean, I’d like to. Cas meant a lot to me too.”
Cas looks up at him, eyes like the sky, a clear and cloudless blue, and he nods. “I’m free.”
The moment suddenly feels like it’s, well,
“ ’bout what?” Dean slurs, drowsily. But Cas’ tone doesn’t worry him; this is not the bad kind of
“Sam, for god’s sake, let it go. I—”
The build, and then that sublime kick in the teeth, the electric guitars kicking in as Robert Plant wails. Yet the acoustic guitar still rattles on, steadfast.
“Something like that, probably,” Cas assents.
“I told you, Dean, I’m fine.”
His mom is already in the kitchen, Dean discovers, her back turned to him, silhouetted by the shining windows as she waits for the coffee to brew. At least, she must be, because he can smell it, and it’s so
The emphasis on the word pointing out just how stupid it was that Dean had waited that long to say it. That same sentiment is too applicable here.
Dean’s lip twitches as he tries not to be charmed by this. “Wow, shut up.”
it looks like you’re putting yourself or us in danger—”
He sounds somehow younger, this way. His phone keeps casting that watery, weak yet steady light ahead of him.
Dean doesn’t even know where to begin. Cas is here, out of the blue, after months of absolute agony. He never really allowed himself to believe it was possible, because the disappointment would have completely taken him out.
From safely outside the kitchen, not in the room with them, Sam’s voice comes through loud and clear. “Hey, you two, I don’t hear cooking noises.” Mockingly, a smile in his voice.
Sam’s laugh is obnoxiously loud, but Dean’s mostly happy to hear it anyway.
, somehow.
“Unless we don’t make it there by five.”
“This seems appropriate,” he hears Cas remark, quietly and dryly.
“It’s none of your business,” Dean adds, for good measure, sneering some more, because if he didn’t sneer as hard as he could he’d probably either laugh or cry.
Sam is quietly telling them how the sigils, meant to summon Cas, must have in turn managed to summon the Empty itself in order to get to Cas, since it’s where he was… Or something. In the background, Sam’s voice is a not unpleasant drone until it fades out. The pair of them walk to the car, and Sam hangs back, gives them a little space now.
Because, yeah.
“I don’t care,” Dean retorts, almost echoing Cas’ own words from the other night, before crushing their mouths back together. Let the lights all explode.
Holy shit.
Appearing to instinctively sense that Cas’ sentiments were intended for Dean alone, Sam has graciously turned away, now scribbling frantically in his notepad and pretending not to hear.
This is like looking down a well. From a great, great distance, yet somehow right in front of him, is Cas.
He doesn’t have time to think about it, not really, before the door strains against its latch and hinges—he has exactly one absurd, singular thought, which is about ketchup bottles. About the way you bang on the glass ones with the heel of your hand, or squeeze the plastic ones, over and over, and for the longest time nothing happens at all until suddenly too much comes out at once.
And, Sam has to admit, while his main motivation for looking away is a combination of acute secondhand embarrassment and a desire not to puke—it really is kinda beautiful, too.
Somewhere in Dean’s mind, that association must’ve stuck: a phone call represents a moment of hope when he least expects it.
Even if he can never, for as long as he lives, watch
He risks a glance at Sam out of the corner of his eye, and Sam seems drowsy, eyelids heavy, one blink away from sleep. The passenger window beside Sam’s head is a kaleidoscope of colors, every light they pass captured in each drop of dew.
“It is,” says Cas. When Dean glances over at him, he doesn’t appear to be joking. Well, he’s not wrong.
“No.” Dean can feel the shape of Cas’ smile against his skin. “
With half a stick of jerky clenched between his teeth, Dean puts both hands on the wheel to exit the parking lot, and grouses, “You know who wears sunglasses at night?”
Sam looks at him with an open expression, waiting for him to go on.
Knew enough to drink himself to sleep, to keep himself from knowing.
Sam is propping him up, Dean realizes, and he frowns, squirming away until he’s sitting up with Sam still kneeling next to him. The back of his shirt briefly clings to the patch of chewed gum he stepped in earlier.
Cas just stares at him.
And shit, Cas is misunderstanding him again. That’s so wrong. How could Dean ever be—
Why is it even here? This town is nowhere near the ocean or a major lake. And why would it be—if it were, it’d probably mean the town was a scenic vacation spot, and the Winchesters never visit any place just to relax. It’d be a bad advertisement for a tourist attraction anyway, with its sludgy black-and-white paint. Leviathan-esque, even. Dean shudders, the indelible image of Cas walking into a lake the last thing he needs right now.
At the sound of Dean’s voice, subdued as it is, Sam visibly snaps to attention, leaning half his body through the open door with one hand still on the pump.
“It can be,” Cas replies, a little guardedly.
Sam drives.
It kills him a little bit that Sam more or less knows now, that Sam knew first, but at least Dean hadn’t actually spelled it out for his brother. He hadn’t said the words. Plausible deniability, he thinks to himself, like a coward.
Dean rolls his eyes.
Dean snickers as he looks down at the bag. The memory is vivid: an image of little orange squares, just out of reach, reflecting up onto the inside of the Impala’s windshield when the sun shone just right. “I think they were in there for damn near a year.”
Yeah, yeah, so sue him.
Now they lie on Dean’s bed, partially curled in towards one another, and Dean’s hand finds its way across the small space between them until his knuckles bump Cas’. Cas entwines their fingers without looking away from Dean’s face, although Dean does break the eye contact to glance down at their hands, wanting to see.
And he sneaks a look up at Cas—
“Dean.” Cas is looking up at him through the dark, all his colors etched into the fabric of the blackness around them. Into the fabric of the universe. He’s his own damn spotlight. And when he speaks, even the color of his voice, every last scratchy grain of it, is pure and true and bright. “You’re not dreaming.”
“Wow,” Dean says, as nothing else comes to him. First thunder was rocking the place, then he was drifting in some dreamlike state inside the Empty with Cas grabbing his outstretched hand. Then fast-forward to this moment, right here. “Okay.”
flavor, Dean beamed with pride.)
Because Dean doesn’t need to cling to the bunker as the only home he can ever have. It’s easier now that he knows a home doesn’t have to be a place so much as a person—and Dean has really gotta find a less Hallmark-y way of saying that if he ever decides to express it out loud.
Sometimes Dean worries he’s passing it on to Cas, his occasional tendency toward road rage. When it comes to human behavior, the angel often appears to learn by example. But then, he can’t really imagine Castiel, Angel of the Lord, flipping off another driver, no matter how much he tries to picture it, so he figures they’re safe.
“It’s the Winchesters versus everyone who’s actually competent,” Claire offers, stirring the pot like she learned it from the best. And Dean can’t even process the insult over the fact that she basically just included Cas as one of the Winchesters. It makes Dean shaky on his feet again.
then quashes that memory. “—Or follow my voice, or gimme your 10-20, or—I don’t know how it works in here, man—give me a sign that you’re listening. So, I’m here. Mic check. Breaker, breaker. Copy that.” He’s self-consciously babbling, and it wouldn’t be the first time, using all the two-way radio lingo he knows.
Just think about
Cas cups the side of his neck and Dean, wild-eyed and confused, feels his stomach lurch, his skin going hot and cold. What—? And then the angel proceeds to heal his headache, and
“Such a friggin’ geek,” Dean chuckles, and Sam smiles a bit at his phone.
Guitars are playing notes that ascend and descend, climb up and then back down, like the bars of sunlight that intermittently flash across the interior of the Impala, first hitting Dean’s eyes and, a moment later, Cas’ face.
there’s no emergency, Sam texted literally less than five minutes ago to say that he was almost at the house, and they’re not even on a case right now, so Sam’s safe.
. And the comparison seems kind of apt, really, since the scene in the movie was all about not looking straight at something divine, and half of Sam’s current problem here is a literal angel—and god only knows what would happen if you looked upon a celestial being when they’re doing something like—
Neither of them are that surprised. They have a precedent for this, after all, angelic communication via dream. Their phones apparently a symbolic manifestation of the link itself, a way to communicate between Earth and the Empty and, apparently, Heaven. It’s happened to Dean at least three times now.
And at that moment Dean sees, through the front window of the house…Sam in the goddamn driveway.
Right at the end of the djinn dream, something had shattered the illusion.
He briefly considers trying out something even more syrupy and cloying, like
The wooden floor creaks under their dress shoes. The walls are adorned with vintage beer signs, the kind of thing Dean wouldn’t mind decorating his own room with. They sit in a booth, order some food, and get the young guy to promise to come talk to them during his break. Surprisingly, given that they’re way too far southeast for this, the deep-dish pizza is made the proper way—sauce on top of the cheese—and Dean’s not hungry, but it tastes good enough that he eats anyway.
The conversation turns back to Sam’s master’s thesis on djinns or whatever the fuck this is, until eventually Sam is asking Cas, “—and that’s essentially a prayer, right?”
Dean had been dreaming
The radio, tuned to some alt-rock station, plays a Bowie song he’s never heard before.
It’s all tangled up in his head, but the knots don’t seem so unworkable when he doesn’t overthink it while simultaneously being afraid to think about it at all. Maybe now, with the world not ending every five minutes, they’ll have time to unravel it all, together. There are enough guns and swords onscreen right now to compensate for that chick flick-level thought, but Dean finds he doesn’t actually give a damn if the guns and swords are there or not.
to me.” Dean looks back at the ground, fist clenching reflexively at his side. Closes his eyes. His eyes are burning.
The swarm of people at the front door is significantly smaller than expected, which isn’t a bad thing. Not that he wouldn’t like to see the rest of the girls—there should be at least three more of them, four counting Donna—but he’s not feeling altogether steady.
At some point Cas’ hands must have rushed out to catch him before Dean can shakily stumble into him, because they just fall together, now, against each other, foreheads touching. The smallest of gestures, touches, that pass between them have always meant so much.
was its idea of fighting?” A derisive snort. “An acid trip? Like, okay, Timothy Leary, big help there. Thanks but no thanks.”
? Kurt Russell, Kim Cattrall, martial arts and monsters in San Francisco?”
, Sam reminds himself a bit nonsensically, that
Cas turns to her. “How did what happen? You’ll have to be more specific. We’ve been very busy.”
Shit, then
“No,” Jack says easily. “You were already connected. I didn’t do that. I just—” He hesitates. “Helped you feel where you needed to go.”
. It sounds too loud, uncouth in the unmoving forest.
. And in Lawrence, no less. After his mom had spent so much time seemingly running away—from him, from Sam, from her past and who knows what—her choice of house had come as a surprise to him. But Dean is
“Yes, of course, Dean,” says Jack. “Who else would it be?”
It’s too much. It’s too much right now.
His eyes skimmed further down the page:
Dean dreads another night’s sleep but, yeah, knows he’s gonna have to do it. Hey, it’s not the first time he’s dreaded sleep (his return from Hell, anyone?), so he’ll deal with it.
Dean luxuriates in the good water pressure of the bunker’s showers. Sometimes, that water pressure is the eighth wonder of the world.
Sam’s face would probably be a virtual question mark, if Dean was looking.
Dean doesn’t have time to hang up. The next thing he knows, he’s suddenly flat on his back, staring up at the ceiling.
“The half-wall.”
The sun is out. Golden fields flow by on either side of the car, interrupted by little groves of trees, small forests that appear and then disappear into more fields. Hay bales and grazing cows. Dean teaches Cas how to play “cow poker.” Cas wins their first round. And seems particularly amused by the rule that passing a church doubles your cow total, whereas passing a cemetery reduces your score to zero. The angel seems to find it quaint.
Twisting to yell over his shoulder and into the hall, Dean’s frown deepens. “
“Hello, Dean.” There’s a small smile on Cas’ face that acknowledges what’s changed.
really dodged that bullet there—Dean’s inner monologue is as dry as a salted-and-burned bone.
This is the most unfunny exchange in the world, discussing how Sam killed a djinn that nearly killed Dean. Yet Dean just keeps chuckling, sparking with so much excitable energy that Sam gives into the urge and joins him. Like they’re the two teenagers they once were yet simultaneously never got to be, laughing across the kitchen table at a stupid joke.
’ Dean has ever heard.
He thinks Sam probably should have just let Dean fucking die there.
Cas makes an inquisitive noise, suggesting that Dean continue. Even in the dim light, Dean can tell Cas is squinting at him. The thin beam from the window occasionally illuminates the—currently, very dark—blue in Cas’ eyes. A siren wails in the distance, not close enough to wake Sam up.
Dean says nothing. Keeps staring straight ahead.
Dean gestures at the stove. “What did you want? I’m making breakfast and lunch.”
But Dean reads it anyway. He thinks he doesn’t understand a single word. And he thinks he understands every bit of it.
It’s the best thing about both of them. He should’ve taken a leaf out of Cas’s book and rebelled like this
As his elbow scrapes the coarse fabric, Dean notices that Cas is still wearing his coat, for Christ’s sake. Dean’s eyes flick up and down, giving him a once-over. “We’re watching a movie here. This has got to go.”
“See?” he asks pointedly, turning back to Sam, who answers with his best bitchface.
FINALLY.
Time seems to devolve into a weird, disjointed series of moments, passing both quickly and at a crawl, as they all chat and catch up. The space around Dean feels oddly muffled, fuzzy, the way it had this morning. It’s not exactly unpleasant, and after a while, the feeling passes.
“Well, I accepted it, because I couldn’t really imagine finding any other home.” He shrugs. Sam probably already knows what he’s gonna say. “Not so sure about that now,” Dean says shortly, taking another swig to avoid looking at Sam.
.” Dean waits to continue until he sees Sam nod. “Like, I didn’t know then if it could really grant wishes. But it doesn’t. It just makes you think it has.”
As Dean pockets his phone again, it starts to creep in, that
After a quick stop for snacks and a typically revolting gas station bathroom with no windows, Dean drives again, holding his head high and counting on a second wind.
“Like in your dream,” Sam offers, a small smile pushing at his lips.
They got a second chance. All of them.
Cas would’ve found happiness years ago, and the Empty wouldn’t have had that as goddamn leverage to hold over his head. As if Dean didn’t already blame himself enough for that.
He starts to drop the phone—catching it before it slips completely out of his hand, which has started to shake, and thank fuck he already put the Coke down—
Mary shoots Sam a mildly scolding look before focusing back on Dean. “It can even make cappuccinos,” she offers, helpfully, though also sounding a little doubtful. “Not that I’ve actually tried to make any myself.”
himself.
specific part.
“What happened back there?” Sam’s still so worried. “It was almost like that djinn was stronger than a normal one, or something. I couldn’t wake you up.” He sounds a little haunted as he recounts this. “Even when you started coming around it took another, like, five minutes to get you out of it. You were—” he hesitates, but ultimately decides to continue. “You were calling for Cas.”
Cas squints, the expression unmistakable even in the dark. “What’s ‘satellite radio’?”
“Sammy’s a big boy. He can handle it.” All that practiced bravado, barely muffled by the door.
“I’ll be fine.”
Sam cuts the ropes that bind his wrists, that kept him suspended from the ceiling, and the skin underneath is raw, bloody.
Dean knows about cracks in façades and what they hide, what happens when you look into them when you’re not supposed to. So he looks.
“What, is this some girls versus guys bullshit?” Dean asks. Because stirring the pot is still an effective coping mechanism.
, minus the bullshit 800 number.”
, if nothing else had been at play.”
Gradually, they all move away from the front door as they talk, trickling back into the house. Cas is still up in Dean’s personal space as Dean goes through the groceries, but what else is new. At least his mom isn’t giving them any odd looks like she used to, back when she was first resurrected and barely even knew Cas.
The car passes an overlook; down below is a wide valley full of round deciduous trees, extending out for miles and miles. It must look spectacular in the fall.
Dean hears sentence upon sentence, but in only a matter of seconds, and it’s not possible for him to have heard so much in so short a time. He’s weightless. He’s drifting on a sea of Cas’ voice. It feels safe to listen, as if he’s not even expected to answer. He’s safe.
And Dean doesn’t know who’s responsible for it—but he’s ninety-nine percent sure it’s himself, based on the way he just leans, just
Dean chuckles, so fucking fondly. Suddenly, even his entire body doesn’t feel big enough to contain the strength of whatever emotion he’s currently feeling.
And he doesn’t mean to listen. He really doesn’t. It’s just that he hears his own
The mere act of thinking that combination of words triggers some song to start playing in his head, something like
In the back of his mind, he thinks about Sam claiming that God was sending him messages, and how Sam hadn’t known what to do then except follow them. And it had taken Dean some time to come around, but he did when it mattered. He backed Sam’s play. And look how well that had turned out, says a traitorous voice in his mind—a playdate with Lucifer.
The silence in the room has been hanging heavy ever since Dean spoke the word “angels.”
Dean registers the moment when they’re flush against each other again, belly to belly, almost obscenely intimate. Cas’ lips press his a little more firmly then, and Dean kisses back, suddenly close to desperate, parting his lips like he needs this to breathe, tangling their legs together.
“This is like what KFC would taste like if KFC was actually good,” Dean declares as they all sit around the table.
And for the first time, Sam actually gets what that means.
Finding it isn’t hard. Glass bottles hang from the porch’s roof, traps for evil spirits. The ghost circles the cabin repeatedly, like it’s trapped in a cycle. They get a good look at it, check against local records, and identify it as a woman who died in 1898.
, you ugly son of a bitch, so suck on that.”
“Dude. I’m not gonna choke on my Honey Frosted Fuckdust.” He gestures at the bowl
On another elevated highway, tall, running alongside a coastal city, they’re on their way to gank some vamps.
Dean’s face heats at the memory of his own words.
right now, but when Dean notices the angel, even more tension leaves the slope of his shoulders.
Not like before, when his family had all gathered around him and gently implored him to stay with their warm entreaties and smiles, Mom and Sam and Jess and the girl he’d never even met, a circle of what could and should never be, beseeching him to accept what the djinn had to offer. No, Dream Cas had used just one word: “
Somehow—
Swipe. Another blurry shot of the same thing, the two of them smeared across the screen in a mess of colors. Swipe. An even
made that joke before.” Sam rolls his eyes.
a door to hide behind now; his words don’t make any sense, not without some quote or dumb reference to hide behind. Such a Dean Winchester thing to do. It’s a messy conversation in a dirty parking lot, and if that doesn’t sum Dean up, he doesn’t know what would.
Dean leans over to rest his hands against his thighs. He heaves a solitary, painful exhale like he hates his own guts beyond measure. This feels like more weakness than he’s collectively displayed over the last decade. “Sorry this is such a shitshow, Sam.”
His mind feels fuzzy. In the moment before he opened his eyes, Dean saw sparks behind his eyelids, crackling electricity falling like rain. He was
“Right, those are for later,” Dean says immediately, before he even realized he was going to speak at all. “I have it all planned out, it’s a thing.”
This place clearly used to be the middle of nowhere before the town itself was built, all farmland and barns which then expanded to the quaint downtown area around main street, then into the very small city it is today, but the land around it is still mostly untouched woods.
He never got the chance to say anything before Cas was swallowed up by the Empty. But, here’s the kicker, he didn’t even know what he would have said; this whole time, he’s avoided thinking about it, at any cost. Even if it meant slipping up a few times, getting blackout drunk at ten in the morning and not moving until Sam found him on the floor by the bed, half-tangled up in sheets and blankets. Dean never intended for Sam to see him like that, so that was one of his few mistakes. He’s usually much more stealthy, and he prides himself on that.
When they stop for gas, the wind is whipping so strongly that the second he opens the door, all the trash in the car footwell gets violently sucked out, old papers and burger wrappers shooting past the gas pumps and out into the highway before Dean can even blink.
And, to his great shock, Cas doesn’t do what Dean fully expected him to do, which was to argue, to say
Inside the gas station’s mini mart under too-bright lights, Dean piles bags of junk food into Cas’ waiting arms as the angel follows him from aisle to aisle. He stops next to hot dogs rolling wetly on the little grill, and he points. “So, Sam always says to stay away from this stuff, or you’ll get dysentery or something.” He pauses for dramatic effect. Cas looks at him and just waits. “But Sam ain’t here, so I say screw his rules.” He grabs the tongs and fishes out a hot dog for himself before they head to the cash register.
Peering up into the red light, Dean keeps rubbing his wrists, much the way he would after getting handcuffs removed.
Dean’s eyes, which he had apparently closed at some point, shoot open.
There’s a brief silence as Jack looks up at the ceiling and ponders this. “Technically, I’ll be older tomorrow than I am now.”
Cas shakes his head. “I’m afraid I don’t either. I’m sorry.” He narrows his eyes like he’s trying to remember. Then turns to Dean, looking at him like they’re the only two people here. “You thought you were dreaming,” he murmurs, quietly, like it’s the only thing he can recall.
Cas is going to make him a tape.
know he’s safe.
Distantly, something begins to rumble behind all the black nothingness, thunder that is not thunder.
He doesn’t even know why. He knows he should be past that.
“I very much doubt it. It doesn’t seem that anyone noticed the supposed divide but you,” he hears Cas say, unimpressed and almost acerbic, from somewhere behind him.
anymore.
Dean passes a sign for some US Route number he doesn’t recognize, and his expression instantly turns sour. “Shit.”
When he sneaks a look at Cas, he sees they’ve both been watching the fire. And Cas is still watching it, his eyes dark, not even blue. The light flickers on his scruffy face. There’s a smear of graveyard dirt across the bridge of his nose, and Dean...carefully reaches over to wipe it off. His hand isn’t altogether steady. He holds his breath.
Dean steps into the living room. “I’m in.”
Well, now he can’t tell her that the boat picture needs to go in a dumpster fire, like he’d planned to do. “Oh. It’s, uh—it’s
Shock floods him like an actual jolt of electricity.
And Dean wants to see it again, but at the same time it terrifies him, and Sam’s current insistence on carrying on like it’s back to business as usual might just be the only thing holding Dean together right now.
Dean looks up with an expression of confusion that Sam recognizes as genuine. “What?”
He’s on a plane, stomach dropping out through the floor as it ascends; he’s on a boat, the ocean heaving below it, and his feet can’t find purchase. Gulping for breath.
“It’s funny.” Dean swallows a mouthful of beer—then pulls a face. It’s been a while since he drank one. “When we first found this place I couldn’t have been happier, y’know? It was more like home than any place ever had been.” It was true, he’d been so excited, had fallen in love with the place and the novelty of having his own room. Sam had never been quite as enamored with it. “Guess I thought I’d probably just...live here. And that would be it.”
. Then there’s a cinderblock hut half-built into a hill, with
When he reaches the kitchen, his first impulse is to grab a beer from the fridge, but— No. He doesn’t think he needs it. He leaves the El Sols where they are. Right now, he’s blurry enough around the edges as it is. When he looks at the walls of his house, striding from the living room to the kitchen to the bedroom, the details seem to escape him, forgotten the instant he looks away.
And on they go, towards the ocean.
Shocked at both what he had seen, and the knowledge that he had intruded on something so unbelievably personal and private that Dean would be horrified, mortified, would kill Sam, would never trust him again…
“Sammy’s such a hypocrite. Eileen knows.”
Now, Cas is pressed right up against his side, every point of contact burning hot.
Phone still clutched to his ear, Dean freezes.
“Your mind chose to process it that way.” Cas shrugs a little. “Possibly because we had no way of physically seeing each other.”
I love you.”
“Forget the movie,” Dean says. It was just another stupid reference to hide behind. It’s messy and it’s human and it’s such a
Dean purses his lips. “Sammy, right now I really need you to be a little more, uh—there’s a wise old saying, ‘Take me to the pilot for control, take me to the pilot of your soul’—”
“Oh, I almost forgot. I have something for you two,” Mary says, distractedly, ducking into the hall closet and rifling around, detouring on her way to the living room.
Though Dean barely hears it over his own crunching, Sam’s phone
Dean draws a breath.
He wants to put everything he feels into this kiss, to let Cas understand in ways words can’t. But as they break for air, Dean knows he’ll do it that way, too, because he
, Sammy?”
Drawing a careful breath, closing his eyes, Dean sets the bottle back down. It wobbles precariously at the edge of his nightstand.
,” says the intercom, talking right over him. This steady litany carries on and continues to interrupt their soul-searching conversation at several critical points.
Dean had just headed down to do the laundry: everyone’s laundry, all at once, which was going to dearly tax the Men of Letters’ 1950s-era washers and dryers, because Dean had fallen into a rather cute little routine involving chores around the place.
, Dean. I was about to throw it away myself before I moved in with Eileen. If I’d known you were going to keep using the thing, I
“Dude, I would never— That thing is
But he’s a fast reader, has been ever since he had to hone his skimming skills when reading about a million books a week in college. And so he inadvertently absorbed all the words displayed on the phone just from one glance at the screen.
taboo subject for Dean these days, yet suddenly Dean is breaking all of his own strictest rules.
Anyway, there were a few crates of odds and ends that Sam had found in one of the endless Men of Letters storage rooms and dragged out into the hallway the day before. He’d intended on coming back later to take them to his room for further investigation, which is exactly what Sam’s on his way to do now.
And, yet again, the look on Dean’s face, and even the way Dean lobs the spatula at his head, with Cas looking on like Dean personally hung the moon for him, is all so
Of course. His muscles relax. And Dean can feel himself blushing a little, but it’s nowhere near as much as he used to whenever Cas did that without any advance warning….
He and Sam rifle through their bags to find some sleep clothes to lend Cas, which is just one more moment of weirdness on top of a giant iceberg of weirdness that continues to grow. One of Sam’s t-shirts, which will be overly large, and Dean’s sleep pants, which probably won’t fit that well but at least won’t need to be rolled up at the cuffs five times.
Dean forgets how to breathe, blinking up at the face that looms over his and
how he really felt about it, until some rogue djinn tapped into his subconscious and forced him to admit things he hadn’t yet been able to admit to himself. He wasn’t ready. He will never be ready.
“Good.” This seems to convince Cas, because—
Carefully, Sam’s crossed the room and stopped beside him. “Dean…. You’ve gone through a lot lately.”
And, right in front of his face, Cas stares at him in surprise, with a look in his bottomless blue eyes like Dean’s the whole world, like Dean is everything. A look that even Dean’s wildest imaginings couldn’t have conjured up. Cas is right there, and the Empty is trying to change it, to make him impossible for Dean to reach, to push that star and that portal further away.
You directed something,
Hand still fisted in Cas’ t-shirt, Dean surprises himself by blurting out, “Do you wanna go somewhere?”
“Goddamnit Cas.”
Sam keeps a carefully neutral face and that gently quiet tone. “...Does he know that?” Bless Sam for using that present tense.
Cas’ face just sort of goes blank as he realizes that he’s actually the one who’s supposed to start this conversation, since he’s the one who brought it up. “Oh.”
And then his hands are turning the wheel, turning the Impala back around again.
“Fine by me. I don’t eat meat,” Sam reminds him with a grin.
“Don’t you, uh—” Dean flaps his hand vaguely at Cas, “—need to rest, or something?”
“Okay— Look—I appreciate the sentiment, Sam, but no, I don’t think you understand what I’m
” to them as kids on one of those occasions when John got horribly, scarily drunk in a motel room to stop thinking about Mary.
Led Zeppelin II. Can you believe it? Thought I wouldn’t notice, or somethin’,” he babbles, trying so hard to look like he doesn’t care, that it almost, kind of, makes Sam want to cry.
Echoes of those words come to Dean’s mind now, unbidden, just like a song that’s stuck in his head as they paint the sigils up and down the walls, straight lines and angles and circles.
Sometimes Dean feels like all his words are borrowed from someone else, his entire lexicon made out of lyrics and pop culture references and esoteric quotes. Like a ransom note pasted together with cut-out letters from magazines and newspapers, all mismatched, nothing authentically handwritten. Or else they’re words Dean feels dishonest about—soft and unreachable, untouchable words like
he made it for Cas the first time he was genuinely human. And Dean doubts he’ll ever fully get over that sense of guilt, no matter how many ways Dean tries to make it up to him, no matter how much Cas claims he’s gotten past it. But they can move forward anyway.
The only signs that this room has been lived in are the books on the desk and nightstand, and some weird clothes in the closet that Dean can’t immediately identify but resemble things Cas wore when he was human: a single hoodie, a button-down shirt— And Dean hurriedly slams the door on that memory, and the closet itself, before too many thoughts can take wing.
