Her eyes widened a little as if she had just realized something about him, and she gestured at his bandaged hand. “Does this have something to do with you hating it?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean nodded and he tentatively raised his head, allowing his eyes to roam over Castiel’s bedroom, glancing from the maroon-colored heavy curtains to the board games stuffed into the small shelf in the corner.
“Oh, so that’s yours?” Cain asked with raised eyebrows. “It’s beautiful. Do you live there alone?”
Castiel swallowed down a bout of temper as the silence continued on between them, the corners of Alastair’s mouth twitching upwards ever so slightly as he prolonged the fake display of thinking in a truly impossible, unsettling manner.
“Castiel ...”
This was about something else.
He did just that and Dean promptly offered his arms. Like that, he looked like a small boy asking for help, causing Castiel’s heart to clench in endearment at the innocent gesture. Gingerly, he opened the buttons on Dean’s sleeves and then reached out to open the upper bottoms of Dean’s jumpsuit. A warm flush rushed up to his neck as he sensed the hot breath leaving Dean’s slightly parted lips, tickling against the skin on his forehead, as he leaned down to do his task. He gently grabbed the jumpsuit’s fabric and pulled the clothing down Dean’s muscular frame He removed his shoes and socks as well, and then quickly pulled the clean slacks up to his waist before either of them could panic about Dean’s half-naked state.
Castiel gasped in surprise, as an unexpected surge of jealousy washed over him.
When Dean was still rejecting Charlie’s visit after four weeks, Castiel decided he needed to do something. He remembered that Alex had told him about a local animal hospital that was always looking for veterinarians who would be willing to do emergency night shifts on the weekend. It had not been a viable option for him until now: he earned good money with his day job at the practice and the weekends had been reserved for his hobbies, family, and friends.
He tried to supress the small ping of resentment swelling in his chest. Yes, of course. He would not forget that there was a reason he had bought this particular house in Medford, Oregon – over 800 miles away from his hometown Phoenix, Arizona. That’s where he had grown up with his family, his parents and his four siblings. He had had a happy childhood, had been a typical teenager with a few ups and downs – excellent marks, nice friends and only a few adventurous tests with alcohol and partying – the usual, nothing for anyone to worry about.
Something in him shifted and he swallowed as he felt the emptiness from before spread within his chest, growing, eating away at him from the inside. He suddenly felt cold. He stopped crying.
Night had fallen and the roads were empty. The trees started to rise right and left and he already felt more at peace a few minutes into his ride. He turned on some classic rock on his radio and quietly sang along, tapping at the wheel in tune to the rhythm. At some point, he realized he was breathing hard and he suddenly choked in the middle of the song. Tears suddenly spilled from his eyes, making it hard to make out the road in front of him.
Tonight seemed to be no different.
“You’re sure about this? I could get my inflatable mattress from the attic and sleep next to the bed. I would be nearby then, too.”
“He’s bleeding somewhere in the front and his right front paw is at a strange angle. The guy who just called is bringing him in. They’ll be here in a few minutes.”
They chatted easily for the rest of the path until they eventually reached the lake. There were quite a few people there which made sense because it was a beautiful sunny day, it was the perfect place to go swimming and to relax with family and friends.
“I just told you, “he said politely but firmly, as he held the other man’s gaze, “I’m married.”
She looked at him and it was clear from her expression that she did not believe him.
There was one big problem, however: he hadn’t been able to completely keep Castiel out of his thoughts. In fact, every day he spent home it became worse. At first, he had convinced himself that going to Castiel had been a mistake and that he was very happy to be back home. Alastair was incredibly sweet and attentive and he couldn’t believe that he had done that to him, leave him as he had.
“Good.”
“No, Dean, shhh, “he said, as he leaned forward into Dean’s personal space, frowning. “Shh, I’m sorry, have I said something wrong? Please, Dean, please look at me.”
He lost himself in the thought for a moment and his eyes closed with the knife still hovering over his arm.
The kettle beeped from the kitchen and they both froze at the unexpected sound. Castiel huffed and smiled.
„Castiel, this house is just perfect! “
“Wait, but…., “was all that Castiel could say before Dean bent forward, pressing his mouth against his in almost desperate urgency.
“Well, why not?” he replied with a cautious grin.
“Anything for ya, bro, “Gabriel mumbled. Then he clapped his hands together loudly, his typical big grin back on his face. “Well, guys, I’m starving! Didn’t we agree to have a great feast tonight, or what? I think we should get to that pronto.”
“You’re really improving a lot, Jonathan. I’m very proud of you.”
So Dean was on sick leave. He would go back to work in two weeks and everything would be back to normal by then.
Fighting the knot of fear threatening to devour him from the inside, Dean resigned himself to his fate as he swallowed and opened his mouth to answer.
“Because I will show you that I will not accept lies, Dean! I will not!”
“Ride me, Dean, “Alastair growled, “show me what you can do with that sweet body of yours.”
Eventually, Dean’s breathing returned to normal. All strength seemed to leave Dean’s body then, because suddenly his knees buckled and he flopped down onto his rear, catching himself on the palms of his hands. He curled into himself and he let his head drop down between his knees.
“Please, Dean, “Castiel urged softly, “please come inside.”
“Do you, Dean?!”
His mind raced. It was late in the evening, but there would be emergency hours for sick or hurt animals. There had to be an animal hospital somewhere nearby, Medford was a big town.
“You think you can do whatever you want when I’m gone?! Flirt around with strangers as if you weren’t married?!”
Dean was starving. After his extra session with Charlie he had spent the afternoon hours in their garage, working on his beloved Impala. The engine seriously needed tending to and he had put it off long enough. Actually, he had wanted to get to it for weeks now, but Alastair had always pouted if Dean had mentioned doing it in their spare free time together and between work and housekeeping, he hadn’t really found the time to do it.
Something else dawned upon him then, a look of horror spreading across his face. “Oh, no! I...Castiel, I-I can’t pay you! I would technically be able to, of course, I have my debit card with me, but...Castiel, I can’t do that. Alastair would see the debit on our account statement and then he would know that I did something he didn’t know about and then….no, I can’t do that.”
“I think white ones should be included, white is always a good color when you’re getting married, right? He flashed a dazzling smile at his mother which she returned happily. She hadn’t even noticed he hadn’t been paying attention although the smirk on Anna’s face indicated she had.
He kissed him on the forehead and then he pulled away. “See you tonight, darling.”
The times when Dean had been badly hurt - the one with the bad concussion, or that one time, when his arm had been broken when Alastair had held it behind his back - Alastair had taken him to the hospital almost right after.
“You’re welcome.”
Rolling his eyes at himself because how ridiculous could one person get, how ludicrous to injure oneself in such a dramatic fashion – and he got up to go the bathroom. He washed his hands, staring into the sink as the blood disappeared into the drain and he once again thought that he had to get a hold of himself. With new determination he pulled out his medical emergency kit of the bathroom cabinet and took some gauze, tape and antibiotic cream out. Then he carefully applied some cream onto the wound and bandaged his hand efficiently, thankful that he had quite some experience in that manner and was thus able to perform the task one-handed.
“It is, “he said, and he glared at her in sudden frustration. “I’ve only met the man a few weeks ago and I’ve only talked to him a couple of times. How can it be that I’m falling apart when he tells me we can’t see each other anymore? It’s ridiculous!”
No. Alastair was too clever to do such a reckless thing. If Dean had managed to flee, Alastair would almost certainly try to get Dean back, but he would work out a plan, try to pinpoint his husband’s location, and decide then how he could bring him back without alerting anyone else to the situation at hand. If Dean pressed charges against him now, he would lose face, even if he was the police chief here in town. Dean’s face and body told an unforgiving story and however good his connections, it would be hard to deny the hard facts against him. His only hope would be that Dean would lie and say that someone else had assaulted him.
“Thanks for waiting for me, “he said quietly as he stepped up beside Alastair. His gaze was turned forward towards the wheat field just like Alastair’s, their bodies aligning, but he couldn’t stop his eyes from darting over to his right to try to gauge Alastair’s mood. Alastair’s face was completely still and for a moment, Dean thought that Alastair had not heard him.
“Alastair?”
“Dean, I need to make sure you have no concussion.” Immediately, he saw Dean’s body tense at these words.
Castiel didn’t reply to that. This was a sham and they both knew it. Castiel had not been speeding and Alastair wasn’t even making the effort of telling him how many k.p.h. he had driven too fast. It wasn’t important because it wasn’t true.
The kiss transformed from quick and clumsy into something slower, less urgent. It was tender and sweet and their lips found each other again and again in peaceful momentum, their tongues brushing against each other, against the seam of each other’s lips and their muffled sighs were lost in the little space that was between them.
“Great, then give me your phone number, I’ll text you, “Castiel said and he took his phone out of his pocket, unlocked it and handed it over to Dean.
He knew that she said that they had known each other for a few weeks now, that she had hired Dean as her guitar teacher – a fact he still couldn’t get his head around. But to see them together right there – his friend and the person he had fallen for so hard …. It was a strange feeling, to say the least.
Wow. So much angst. So many feels. Was it too much? Was it too corny? God, I feel like I have never written anything so sappy and angsty at the same time...
He had not forbidden her to do so. His anger had also died down very quickly. He truthfully admitted that he was disappointed that she didn’t tell him about her plans, but conceded that he probably would have gone right through the roof if she had told him from the beginning, which would have resulted in him forbidding her to contact Dean at all.
But it only got worse, to the point where he ended up on the bathroom floor, huddled against the bathtub, crying his eyes out because he couldn’t stop thinking of Castiel and how he wished he could be with him when he knew that it was impossible and that he was an ungrateful bastard, betraying his husband’s trust and that of another innocent man as well.
“M-maybe, “Dean stuttered, confused. “But I still can’t teach you, it’s a school for kids.”
Tony stared at him in confusion and Castiel realized that Tony couldn’t hear him over the loud music.
“Why on earth would you think you would get fat just from eating normal portions at one picnic?” he managed to ask at last.
Dean knew he shouldn’t get his hopes up. His husband would return to his normal self after a day or two. It was alright, however. He was used to this and he would not expect things to change.
Dean’s head snapped up, eyes growing even wider at Castiel’s exclamation.
Dean shifted nervously, obviously in need of reassurance, and Castiel pushed all distracting thoughts out of his mind. He wrapped his arms around Dean’s back and pressed him tightly against his chest. A soft sound of content escaped Dean’s lips, as he allowed himself to be held.
His heart clenched when he thought of the devastated look on Castiel’s face when Dean had told him they couldn’t see each other anymore. He had been tempted to take back what he had said right then and there and ask Castiel to kiss him. But in his heart, he had known that that would have been a bad call. He couldn’t live with himself if Castiel got hurt just because of his selfishness. His heart ached though, it felt as if there was a tear in it since he had broken it off with Castiel and he almost knew with certainty that nothing would mend that tear.
Dean seemed to hear him as he closed his eyes as if to concentrate and then started to breathe slowly together with Castiel. Castiel’s shoulders relaxed a little as he observed Dean’s progress with relief.
, he thought, as the door slammed shut behind him.
“I’m sorry, Castiel.” Dean’s voice was calm now. Resigned. “Alastair is my husband and although he’s made some mistakes, I’ve made a vow. To be true to him and so I will be.”
It was Thursday afternoon and Castiel was feeling restless. The whole day at work had been disgustingly uneventful – there hadn’t been any emergencies, nor any interesting cases. It was going so slow that he found himself provoking Meg into teasing him about his weird obsession with ancient board games for children, just that he didn’t have to drown in the boredom of it all. Luckily for him, his trick worked just fine and the last hour of work passed quickly in comparison.
He didn’t even demand sex. It was as if he knew that engaging in sex would be very hurtful for Dean in his current condition and even when Dean offered himself to Alastair on the fourth day, proclaiming that he was fine, that Alastair had his needs, the older man refused to follow through.
Dean’s brow furrowed, distracted for a moment. “No, not really. We had only been together for a year. But I knew he was always very jealous when anybody else showed interest in me…”
“Oh, yeah sure, “Dean answered a little embarrassed, “I’m okay, you just surprised me, is all.”
“Of course.” She smiled a little sadly and waved her hand at the door. “Off you go then. Have fun and take care.”
“Uh, yes, I …”
Dean hesitated and he looked around him as if looking for people looking at them. “I don’t know, Cas. I’m not sure.”
“Um…a little, yes,” Dean admitted.
“Maybe he can be provoked another way, “she mused but Castiel shook his head at once.
“Okay, we’ll start with this, “he declared, and he dipped the washcloth in the water, wringing it out until it was barely dripping, and held it up in front of Dean’s face.
Castiel ran a hand through his hair in distress.
They watched a documentary about the Cold War that followed after the news. Half an hour after it had started Alastair was starting to snore. Dean waited patiently for another fifteen minutes more, then he slipped out of the bed. His husband would be out cold for the next few hours at least, he knew.
“Oh, I can, “Alastair retorted triumphantly, crazed eyes nearly bulging out of his head, “I can, and I will.”
But when he saw who stood right in front of him, his jaw dropped, and his heart jumped in his chest.
His breath caught in his throat and his hands clenched into the bedsheets as he took in the cruel myriad of blooming bruises and scrapes written into Dean’s body. They were only starting to show and Castiel knew they would turn an ugly blue and purple within the next two days when the process of deoxygenation in the blood would have already started. It would hurt a lot, even more than it was hurting Dean now.
) made me realize I want to continue writing this story now, too. Destiel forever :)
He nodded with a small smile. “Good.”
“No problem, I’d like to get to know all my neighbours and I thought that was the best way of getting them to like me from the start, you know.” Castiel said with a mischievous grin.
What the hell, he could just go and talk to her for a few minutes, see what she was like in person. He could still decline her offer if she turned out to be too much of a lunatic.
15 Minutes later and Dean still hadn’t shown up. Disappointment spread out in Castiel’s chest and he finally stood up to make his way home again.
Dean tried to pull his hand back, but Cain didn’t let go and Dean’s breath hitched in his throat. “What are you doing?” he hissed as he quickly recovered from the shock, his head whipping towards their house in sudden panic.
Dean moaned at the sudden hard grip, but it didn’t feel bad, he had just been taken by surprise a little. His husband continued to knead and squeeze the soft warm flesh of his buttocks until Dean was practically melting underneath him.
“I would share with you, but I fear I have only brought enough for one person,” she said. “But you know, there’s a small store around the corner, why don’t you go there real quick and grab yourself something to eat? I think they even sell acceptable salads there.”
Castiel couldn’t help but smile in relief. “Good. That’s good, Dean.”
He jumped out of bed and jogged the stairs down, followed by an equally excited Shoshanna. “Today’s the day, Shosh!” he said happily as he started to prepare himself a cup of coffee as well as a bowl of plain yoghurt into which he put some fresh raspberries and blackberries. He gave Shoshanna her food as well and they ate their breakfast together while Castiel explained to his furry friend everything about the great day the two of them were going to have. Shoshanna just wagged her tail and seemed to be on board with everything he told her.
“No, don’t tell me!” Castiel was startled when Alastair interrupted him rudely with a raised palm. He watched with growing anger as Alastair hooked a finger underneath his chin while he studied Castiel almost dramatically, and now Castiel knew that Alastair was playing a game with him.
But Dean stayed. He was here, in Castiel’s arms, warm and breathing. Bruised and beaten, but also very much alive.
“Yes?” Castiel asked with piqued interest.
Stunned, Dean picked himself up from the floor. His whole body and face felt like they were on fire as he forced his protesting muscles to move. He held his stomach as he stood and he realized he couldn’t stand up straight, it just hurt too much.
Once again, Castiel grabbed Dean by the arm, forcing him to look up at him. “You can’t go back Dean, don’t you see? He’s only going to hurt you time and again! You need to get out of there, you need to get away from /
“Well, actually, it’s kind of embarrassing, but I’m trusting you won’t laugh at me.” He raised his eyebrows at her, and she raised her hands defensively in return.
A tongue pressed at the seam of his lips, demanding entrance and Dean obeyed the silent command immediately. Wet, hot flesh invaded his mouth and began to lick and bite inside and Dean moaned quietly as his own tongue met the other with eager submissiveness. Their tongues danced around each other, and Dean only flinched slightly when he once again felt fingers around his sore throat. Rough teeth bit into his lip, drawing blood as the fingers encircled his throat tenderly, a reminder of what could have happened, what could still happen anytime. A bitter copper taste appeared in Dean’s mouth, but it was quickly licked away by his husband’s demanding tongue.
“Thanks, I’m really glad you liked it. Don’t worry about not hearing everything. I’m just glad you could make it at all.”
He blushed hard and she giggled. “Sorry, I didn’t want to embarrass you.”
“Hi there, I wondered if you could help me with something?” he asked her with a bright smile which had conquered the hearts of many middle-aged ladies.
Castiel’s eyes widened and his mouth dropped open in utter bafflement. Sudden heat blossomed in his chest and left him feeling tingly, and to his outright shame, needy. His hand reached out before he knew what he was doing, seeking the comfortable warmth of Dean’s body. When he did realize, he stopped himself immediately, painfully aware of how his movement could be interpreted.
Fifteen Minutes later and they had arrived at their goal. They got out of the car and Castiel looked at the building in front of him Google told him was the Medford Music School. It was a small but friendly looking place with a huge sign over its front door, saying “Welcome Music Lovers”. Castiel smiled to himself, took a deep breath and entered the building with determination.
“I was selfish again. I-I thought maybe it could be different this time, but it won’t be! Alastair will hurt you, Castiel, if he finds out about us being friends and I can’t let that happen! I won’t!”
He didn’t protest, of course, that would be not a good idea. The upside of letting Alastair make love to him, was the fact that it seemed to calm Alastair down after going through the physical and emotional strain of punishing Dean. Punishing Dean was his duty, making love to him afterwards was his right and Dean’s privilege. It was his reward and Dean would be incredibly stupid to deny him that reward.
After a few hours he felt a little light-headed. It was almost completely dark now, only the light from his string lights illuminating his backyard. Everyone had eaten and he decided to start cleaning up. He had talked to everybody of his neighbours and had really had a good time. He had also consumed quite a lot of beer and he thought cleaning up would clear his head a little. He cleared away all the dishes and headed into the kitchen to put them into the dishwasher. A few minutes of peace and quiet would be nice.
To his great relief, the simple technique work did its job. He managed to calm himself down into such a state where he now lay there with his muscles relaxed, still in Castiel’s arms. Not in fight-or-flight-modus anymore. Still completely at a loss what to do.
He brought his hand up to Dean’s cheek, tenderly stroking it with his thumb.
Dean sighed as soft, wet kisses were placed on his throat, his neck, his shoulders. He opened his eyes and was met with the face of his husband, just inches away from his face, his eyes eerily dark with lust.
Castiel noticed with pleasure that Dean’s hand was resting on Shoshanna’s head. The dog was still lying at his feet and apart from the subtle wagging of her tail, she was not moving, as if sensing that Dean would be scared off by too much movement. Dean’s touch was timid at best, but it was a beginning and Castiel felt grateful for the comforting presence of his pet.
He noticed that Dean started to walk away from him, and he was already a good distance away when Castiel finally found his voice, calling after him.
“You wouldn’t lie to me, Dean, would you?”
“Well, Sir, I’m honoured to meet you.” he said politely.
Biting back his tears and gritting his teeth, he put the paper down again. He dressed as quickly as possible, trying to ignore the dried blood on his jumpsuit and jacket. He took one last long glance towards the staircase - he could still see Shoshanna standing at the stairway, looking at him curiously - then he averted his gaze, irrevocable pain already starting to take up residence in the pit of his stomach.
“Dean, “Castiel said, alarmed, “I’m really sorry, I didn’t see you there.” He held out his hand once more. “Here, let me help you up.”
Alastair’s voice was like honey, creamy and sweet, drizzling over him, and Dean hummed in appreciation.
Castiel was still reeling from the unexpected but absolutely wonderful sight of Dean and the soft notes from the piano drew him into their spell, fortifying the daze he was trapped in, as his eyes were transfixed to the man on stage, holding the microphone. He was as beautiful as ever, his sea green eyes shining as they locked onto a point somewhere in front of him, his perfect lips parted slightly as he got ready to perform. He was dressed in a burgundy linen button-down shirt and blue jeans and the sheer beauty of him took Castiel’s breath away. But it was more than the physical loveliness of him. He was entranced by his shyness, his modesty, his obvious pride when he presented his pupil. He was only helping him perform, he was doing it for Kyle’s sake. He wanted the audience to love Kyle, not him.
Charlie smiled from ear to ear as Dean clasped her shoulder, a proud smile on his face. They were sitting side by side on the sofa in Charlie’s generous living room and Charlie had just finished her first error-free version of The Beatles’ “Let it Be”.
“Do you know how much I love you, Dean?” Alastair purred as he slowly dragged the briefs down his legs and discarded them to the side.
Only...
Castiel tried not to let his disappointment show on his face. “He’s going to have to stay here for a couple of hours, “he explained slowly, “we have to keep him under observation to see if he gets worse and see if he handles the medication well.”
Two quick well-directed cuts. That’s all it would take. Then all the pain would be gone.
But what good would that do now? Me raging around like a madman is not going to help Dean. I need to get a hold of myself, for crying out loud.
Castiel sighed.
“I’m just going to the bathroom, “he whispered, trying to sound casual. “I’ll be back soon.”
“So, what’s got you smiling like an imbecile all of a sudden, “Anna asked sharply although curiously, while he was still typing into his phone.
“Yes! Yes of course! Please, come in, come in!”
Dean hummed, seemingly ready to agree with anything Castiel would say right now.
“Dean!”
Dean blinked in surprise as a deep, soft voice pulled him out of his thoughts. When he opened his eyes, he saw a stranger approaching him, a big dazzling smile on his face.
Castiel nodded, for a moment lost at speech and he hoped Dean would say something, but Dean just let himself be held against Alastair’s shoulder as he smiled seemingly completely oblivious of the hint of tension between them. Although his lips were pressed together tightly, so maybe he wasn’t so oblivious after all.
“Go and enjoy a glass of wine, “she said as she shoved him outside the practice at 4 pm. “I refuse to let you work overtime on your very first day. Shoo.”
“Just tell me what kind of ice cream you want to try next, alright?” she said and they both grinned at each other in silent understanding.
And that was all they ever said about the whole matter.
“I, uhm, I told him to not let them get to him.” He blushed a little. “That even when they laugh at him or throw things at him, he is a worthy human being, that he is strong and can stand up to them. That he could always talk to me if he needed someone to comfort him.”
Before he could go on, Dean cut in. “Why? I asked you to respect my wish not to meet again and this is how you react?!” His voice was bordering hysterical now, his lips were trembling, he seemed completely upset.
Dean swallowed and nodded, closing his eyes, when he felt his husband’s large hands on his backside, massaging the globes greedily. He could hear Alastair spit into his hand and he pressed his lips together when a finger quickly slipped between his cheeks, finding his hole immediately. He couldn’t help but wince when it pressed inside him, and he told himself to relax, preparing himself mentally for what was about to come.
The first few days everything went eerily well. The morning after Dean’s nightly absence he called in sick at work and at Alastair’s insistence spent the day in bed. He assured his husband that it wasn’t necessary, that he was well enough to stay up and do some household chores, but Alastair wouldn’t allow it.
The only thing giving him comfort was Charlie’s chipper text that came in at lunch time, telling him that she had got a hold of Dean and that he had seemed fine. His voice didn’t betray anything out of the ordinary. It didn’t have to mean anything, Dean was of course used to the abuse and would be a great actor, hiding the signs of abuse in public. But it meant that he was at least walking and talking, and that was worth something to Castiel.
“Don’t tempt me, Castiel. I would love to put you in your place. If you know what I mean.” The thin lips curled upwards and Castiel stared as the smile of the mad man in front of him widened into a bizarre, almost comical grimace.
Dean closed his eyes again and waited. He could still hear his husband’s footsteps somewhere near and he knew that Alastair was trying to calm himself down.
Dean tried to raise his head but a soft pressure from Alastair’s hand stopped his movement in unmistakable warning and he let himself go slack into his husband’s lap quickly once again.
Dean let out a sigh of relief. “Okay.”
Without further ado, Tony closed the little distance between them and pressed a soft kiss on Castiel’s lips. Castiel tensed a little but he forced himself to kiss Tony back and he opened his mouth in invitation. Encouraged like that, Tony’s hands found their way around Castiel’s waist, stroking him and trying to get under his shirt. The tension in Castiel’s body doubled, but still he complied, and he twisted his hands into the other man’s shirt as strong arms wandered around his body, grabbing him by the waist and pushing him forward, flush against Tony’s own body.
Castiel already knew where this was going. “Dean, you know it’s not your fault….”
Dean nodded obediently and his eyes followed Alastair’s movements when his hands reached out towards the nightstand, to grab the bottle of lube there, his eyes never leaving Dean’s.
“Ha, coffee’s no problemo, Mister, but I hope you have no hidden agenda or something, because that girl is mine.” The redhead wrapped her arm around the waist of the woman named Jo and pulled her to her side possessively, looking at Castiel with a smile that seemed to be half joking and half dead serious. And she raised her eyebrows, question hanging unspoken in the air.
Google maps told him the way to the music school would take about fifteen minutes to drive so he sat onto the driver’s seat of his car and took off, a sad Shoshanna watching him from behind the kitchen window.
He and Charlie hadn’t talked about Dean since that day where she had comforted him with that mountain of ice cream and a shoulder to cry on. He was glad they hadn’t, and he secretly hoped she would just forget about it. There wasn’t anything to be done about the situation with Dean and he didn’t want to get his hopes up just to have them crushed again because it couldn’t be helped after all.
Dean blushed again but he shook his head, rejecting the hurtful words. “It’s … you have no right … he …”
“Alastair? “he asked, raising himself up, rubbing at his eyes as he gradually woke up more and more. “How long have I been out? Is it night already?”
“No, I won’t accept that, “she repeated, “there has to be another way.”
It was very unusual for them to hold hands in public. Alastair, despite being quite the handsy person when they were home alone, was rather averse to letting others witness their affection towards each other which usually meant that they didn’t kiss at all in public, apart from the occasional small peck on the cheek or lips.
Warnings:
He suddenly leaped off the chair and strode towards Dean who tensed at the sudden closeness of his husband but tried not to let it show on his face. He knew his body betrayed him, though. Alastair stopped in front of him and glared down at him.
He hiccuped as he slowly calmed down and he wondered what would happen if he just lay down here on the cold ground, doing nothing but waiting.
As soon as he got home, he pushed the lawn mower out of the little shack where he kept all his tools. But when he pulled the rope, the engine made one pathetic wheezing noise and then died down immediately. No matter how many times Castiel cursed and pulled, the vicious thing refused to make another sound.
Alastair gestured for him to lay down in his lap again, so Dean did. Alastair sighed in content and at once continued stroking trough Dean’s hair as they resumed watching TV as if nothing of mention had happened between them. The TV blared loudly, almost demandingly, and Dean thought distantly that he had not heard any sounds during the last ten minutes. He must have blocked everything out.
“Come on, let’s get you some coffee.” She pointed at what seemed to be the living room and he found his way to a nice pink couch in a surprisingly old-fashioned room with a chimney and lots of book shelves and old pictures hanging on the wall. There was however a huge TV in stark contrast to the rest of the furniture and what seemed to be multiple gaming platforms.
“Yes, I do, “Castiel looked into the other man’s eyes to prove his sincerity. “I love white wine. Would you drink a glass with me? That is, after you helped me with the dishes, if your offer still stands?”
“Of course you will, dear, “his mother beamed, “you are such an endearing and lovely person – how can anyone not like you? I’m sure you’ll have a bunch of friends here in no time.”
Dean pulled away from him, panic in his wide sea-green eyes, but before he could do anything else, Castiel placed his hand at the nape of Dean’s neck and pulled him back against his mouth, sealing their lips in a second, slightly longer kiss. Dean froze first, then he sighed as he melted against him. There were no tongues involved, both of them already overwhelmed with the situation as it was. Yet there were still jolts of electricity pulsing through Castiel’s body, and his mind exploded into nothingness as he closed his eyes and enjoyed the sensation of warm, moist lips against his.
He staggered out of the car, collapsing to the ground almost immediately. Tears were streaming down his face as the sobs were getting louder and his whole body shook with the sobbing, half-healed ribs aching with renewed force.
Dean swallowed again, his Adam’s apple bobbing in his throat as he tried to appraise his husband’s mood. “Uhm ... just about the concert, you know? I just wondered if all my kids were happy with their performances. I don’t want them to  be disappointed in themselves, you know?”
Nevertheless, he needed to do something. He had to know if Dean was alive at least. He simply had to.
It was alright.
“I wanted to give this to you, “she said as she stopped in front of him, smiling affably, “a woman called for you earlier today, but you were in your lessons, so I didn’t want to disturb you. She said she needed to talk to you, urgently. Here’s her number, I said I would give it to you when I saw you.”
“Yes, Sir.” It was ridiculously easy to fall into his other persona. The boy who took the punishment he deserved. Because he had been a bad boy.
“Ooooh, “she said, dragging out the vowel. “No, I didn’t mean it like that! I swear, I wasn’t coming on to you, I’m gay! I live here with my girlfriend Jo, cross my heart and hope to die! So you don’t have to worry about that, I swear, I’m not going to throw myself all over you, although you are a really, really handsome guy I have to give you that.”
Dean got up as well and started cleaning up the dishes with slightly trembling hands. He tried very hard not to think about what would be happening in the next hour, instead he focussed on putting the plates and glasses into the sink and rinse them, enjoying the feel of the hot water on his stiff hands. After drying the dishes and clearing them away, he put the rest of the food into small plastic containers. He blew out the candles and carefully scanned the surface of their dinner table, watchful of any tiny crumb he could have missed when wiping it earlier. Alastair wanted everything in their home to be particularly clean and tidy. He could get very angry about something so little as particles of dust on a bookshelf.
Castiel opened his mouth, and closed it again, feeling like a fish out of the water, and Dean’s blush deepened, as he propped himself on his elbows.
“Would you maybe like to eat something?” Castiel asked, as the thought suddenly occurred to him.
Or was he desperate instead? Hoping for Dean to come back? Would his eyes widen when he saw Dean’s text and jump into his car to get him? Would he throttle him when he saw him and say ‘You idiot, why did you leave? Never scare me again like that?”’
Castiel looked up the stairs he and the redhead were standing at and saw another woman coming down toward them. She was petite and blonde, about the same age of the redhead. She jogged down the stairs and looked at the first woman expectantly. “But surely not homemade, am I right?”
He saw Jo look up in his direction, searching. Then she found him, and she nudged Charlie to tell her about him. Charlie looked in his direction as well, her eyes wide and surprised. Their eyes met and Castiel grinned at her but for some reason, Charlie didn’t grin back. Instead she seemed truly shocked to see him here.
“I’m sorry, “Castiel said, “I didn’t mean to upset you. But your wounds need tending to. If I can’t take you to the hospital, would you let me take a look at them here instead? I’m a veterinarian, but I know first aid and I think I can help you at least in some respect. Would you let me do that?”
, he thought as he slid down the wall next to the door to Dean’s room. There was no Plexiglas here and there were no sounds coming from the room, seemed like the doors were soundproof.
She laughed and the sound of it was fresh and warm, washing over him like a tiny cloud of happiness.
“Stay, “he whispered, pointing to her bed. “Good girl.”
He sounded relatively calm, he thought. Not as if he wanted to jump out of his husband’s grip right here, right now, to escape the panic creeping in on him in a fast-growing, terrifying black cloud, threatening to devour him completely. The hand stroking him dropped further down and brushed against the skin of his neck. Dean tensed even more.
He had reached the house at the end of the street. There were only a few cookies left in his basket and he wanted these last neighbours to have them. As he stepped in front of the door, he glanced at the name plate written in small, curved letters: A. and D. Christensen. He knocked.
He let the knife wander upwards again until it lingered over the vulnerable flesh over his pulse.
“I...I can’t do this, “he murmured, and then he was moving, quickly striding across the room, keeping his head down to the as he reached for the doorknob.
This wasn't easy to write but I think it was necessary to dive into Dean's POV, to understand his character. I know, poor Dean, but there will come better times for him, I promise :)
Castiel’s heart stopped once more. This guy Dean here was working all his angles. The shyness, the blushing, the sincere sentiment. Wow, he was so cute it was scary.
the love that he deserved. That he was owed.
“Experience, “he answered quietly. “I know what a concussion feels like. If I had one, I would have vomited more than once, I would feel dizzy, have trouble with my vision, that sort of thing. I would not have been able to walk straight from my house to yours. Also, I would have probably passed out already.”
“I hired him as a guitar teacher, “she said, straightening her back and meeting his gaze point-blank as if challenging him. “I thought it was a good idea to get to know him. I understand why you fell in love with him, you know. He’s an amazing person, gentle, kind, sweet. To sum up, simply adorable. If I weren’t gay, I swear you would have some serious competition …”
Dean had apparently just stored his guitar in its case and was about to sling it over his shoulder when the sound of Castiel’s voice made his head snap up and stare at him with wide eyes.
His throat burned with the promise of angry dark marks, yet he couldn’t feel anything else than relief. This could have ended badly, but it hadn’t. He had only been tested, nothing more. He wasn’t in any danger.
Gently, he led Dean upstairs and into his bedroom. Shoshanna followed them, but Castiel gently closed the bedroom behind him and Dean, after hugging her close and telling her quietly to go sleep in her own bed in the floor. Dean loved Shoshanna, but sleeping in a foreign bed was frightening enough, without having to endure the attentions of a lovesick dog on top if it. She whined in protest but quickly accepted Castiel’s command and laid down in her bed.
His eyes sparkled as he spoke and Castiel swallowed. He loved hearing Dean talk about things he loved. He wished he would talk about him that way. He wished he could hear Dean play the guitar sometime.
He sat down on the driver’s seat and dared to look at his phone. Five missed calls from Alastair. His stomach twisted anxiously. He had to really hurry now. He started the car and drove off, forcing himself to only drive 10 kilometers per hour faster than the speed limit allowed. Meanwhile, his thoughts were racing through his mind, making it hard to concentrate on driving.
“I know, Castiel, I know! Just don’t bite my head off without listening first, alright?”
But this was not a BDSM scene. This was not some kink they were trying out. This was a man punishing his husband for disappointing him, for failing him.
“No, Castiel! I was selfish! I knew it was risky to go out with Adam and still I decided to lie to Alastair and go with Adam. Because I wanted to have a nice evening. Because I only thought of my own selfish desires and not my friend’s safety!”
Dean closed his eyes. “A little.”
He got up, got rid off the screwdriver he had been working with, and rubbed his greasy hands on his jumpsuit. One quick glance into the small mirror next to the clock told him there were smudges of motor oil on his cheeks and his hair was a mess, too.
The announcer was just introducing the next performance, as Castiel resigned himself to leave.
“Yes?” he urged impatiently.
“You … you cannot ….!” Somehow, in his anger and bewilderment, the words were failing him, and he hated how pathetic he sounded.
“Well, Castiel, it was nice to meet you.” He pulled Dean close to his side and drew an arm around his waist possessively. He planted a soft kiss on the top of Dean’s head and looked at Castiel pointedly. “Dean and I are looking forward to meeting you again. Maybe we could have a barbecue some time soon? I’ll give you a call.”
Dean felt a shiver run down his spine as he looked Alastair in the eyes and nodded. He was relieved he hadn’t forgotten anything important, but he knew he had disappointed his husband with his answer, and he would probably not fail to let Dean know about his disappointment.
“Oh, Mother, you already know why he did it. And I can completely understand why he did it, I would have done it if I were him. Our dear father is …. A complicated man to live with, you know that.” For once, Gabriel didn’t wink or smile. Instead his shoulders hung down and his mouth twitched a little with what seemed a little flare of anger. “Let Castiel find a new home here, let him have some peace, he deserves it.”
“Honestly, Castiel, that’s sounds like he could become someone really special to you, “she said with joy in her voice, “few people ever fall in love at first sight and although I don’t really know that it exists it sounds as if it happened for you.”
“Injuries?”
Castiel frowned at this unexpected revelation. “What happened?”
He really needed to forget Castiel. It was only ruining his life with Alastair.
Then he left without another word.
She engaged him into a discussion about their patients and he was happy to oblige her, but his thoughts kept drifting back to his encounter with Dean and he had to will himself not to grin like an idiot while his colleague talked about the sad condition of one her feline patients.
They fell silent again and both of them seemed okay with that. Castiel resumed his stroking Dean’s hand and Dean kept looking at him doing it. The fire crackled in the fireplace, creating a warm, homey atmosphere, and Castiel wished they could just enjoy this moment. Share something that was just ...this. Nice and harmless. Shy intimacy yearning to be explored and expanded.
“Thanks for the coffee, guys. It was really nice meeting you.”
“I love it, “Dean fell in quickly.  “I don’t get to eat it so often because uhm, you know Alastair’s…. hates it so I don’t use it for my cooking.”
“Yo, yo, what’s up?”
He had to smile at that. “Oh, no, that’s okay, I don’t mind. So, what is your name?”
The first things he saw were his tear-streaked cheeks and his puffy eyes. He looked awful and he thought that Alastair wouldn’t fuck him if he saw him now. He didn’t look pretty at all.
“Why are you so upset, Dean?” Castiel asked quietly. “It’s just a few drops of wine, nothing to be upset about.”
First, he told himself to ignore her and just go home. She sounded crazy and he really wasn’t so eager for extra work, he didn’t need the money or the loss of free time it would cost him. So why should he go over to her?
, Alastair said in his head, his tone cold, full of disappointment and disdain.
It tore him apart, being unable to think of anything to do.
Alastair let go of his hair and Dean immediately leaned forward again to get his momentum back. He grabbed the counter to keep steady as his husband thrust into him, his movements getting more erratic, his breathing harsh and hard behind him.
Dean smiled too, as he looked up at his husband. “That’s okay. I’ve said a few quick goodbyes. Most of the people had already left anyway.”
He knocked and smiled when he heard a dog bark inside. He waited. After a while, he knocked again.
“Oh really? What a great addition to our small town. I bet Dr. Lindt’s really relieved to have finally found somebody to help her at the practice, there’s really much to do I believe, there are so many people living here who own pets.”
“So … fucking good for me, “Alastair growled as he made one particular, hard thrust and when Dean’s body arched backwards in pain Alastair grabbed his shoulder brutally to get a better grip. Alastair’s hands then moved underneath him - Dean’s hips were pushed up, so that his ass was in the air, but his upper body pressed into the pillow. As soon as he had settled him into this new position, Alastair grabbed him by the hips and pushed back into him again.
She jumped off the couch, took the half-eaten box of ice cream with her and disappeared into the kitchen. Shoshanna followed her happily, hoping for a treat for herself. Castiel leaned back into the sofa’s cushions and closed his eyes for a moment.
The fist came down a second time, this time hitting him on the mouth and splitting his lip in the process. Blood began to flow at once, trickling down his chin.
“Please, Dean, sit down.” Still forcing himself not to touch the other man, Castiel indicated the couch and Dean stared at it for a few seconds before he slowly moved towards the furniture and stiffly sat himself down. He sat on the outer edge of the couch, taking up as little space as possible, his back a rigid line. It seemed as if he was still ready to jump up and leave should it be necessary.
When Alastair was in a mood like this, angry and drunk, it was best just to let it all happen and hope he wouldn’t be too rough. On days like these, Alastair wasn’t interested in making love or in Dean having his fun as well. The only thing he was interested in was getting off, and he would use Dean like he saw fit without thoughts of comfort or love or reciprocation.
Dean nodded shyly and Castiel swallowed, as he tried to think of the concept of the two of them lying next to each other, hidden underneath warm bedsheets, their bodies turned towards each other, seeking comfort and strength and more from each other.
“Why?” Castiel asked. “It’s still early, you haven’t even eaten anything…”
They cleaned everything up fast and after a few glasses of wine retired to bed.
“I’m very sure that I didn’t, “Castiel replied grimly. His voice was almost a growl and he had to force himself to not spit out his words, lest he wanted to be charged with insulting an officer.
How could he have been running from them when he belonged to them, was a very part of them?
Castiel sighed as he ended the call. Pushing his phone wearily against his temple, he looked out his bedroom window. It was getting dark outside, as night was starting to settle in. The moon shone bright and almost blatantly, its light illuminating the quiet neighbourhood streets where the street lamps stood still turned off, dark and still. A woman walked down the street with her small fox terrier and Castiel frowned as he recognized Mrs. Hill. She was one of his patients, or rather, her dog Chichi was. Chichi was completely healthy, yet Mrs. Hill seemed obsessed with the thought that something could be wrong with her, so she brought her around almost every other week, demanding that he look at the poor dog and scan her for brain tumours when all the dog had was a slight cold or even nothing more than a fright because of the big brawny bulldog from next door. Castiel retreated a little from the window. She wasn’t looking up, but he didn’t want to risk it. He would not put it past her to pester him at home if she knew where he was living.
“May I?”
“I need to go now, “he murmured, turning towards the exit and opening the door.
It seemed almost like a dream to him.
“Dean…., “he said slowly, “whatever happened between you and Alastair….you don’t have to tell me. Alright?”
Castiel held his breath nervously as he didn’t know if Dean would just close the door again or leave because he was finished for today and would detect him lurking behind the door like a total idiot.
Dean’s breath hitched as he remembered the way Castiel had stared at them. The anguish on his face. The utter disbelief. Dean just wished he could have walked up to him, to take his hand and tell him it was okay. But how could he do anything with Alastair right there? He’d needed to get a hold of himself or everything would have been lost due to his stupidity. He should have been grateful that nothing had happened then. Besides, he had forced Castiel to promise him they wouldn’t contact each other anymore, how could he even think about going to him? What kind of a hypocrite was he?
Running down endless hills, across foggy meadows, past ghost-infested ruins. Running, running, running, trying to get away. The woods he eventually found himself in were dark and empty, the trees looming, black behemoths threatening to gobble him up neck and crop if he lingered just one second too long.
He could at least give him this. This moment of peace and desperation at the same time, a place where he could show that he was a human being, one that had suffered through a terrible ordeal, one that needed nothing more than the comforting embrace of another human being.
Dean stared at him with wide eyes.
“Oh no, “Castiel hurried to exclaim, “I think it’s” … he stopped himself before he could say “cute” and opted for “likeable.”
Slowly, he made his way to the door. A quick look outside the window told him, it was already dark outside.
His wounds healed slowly but nicely and the return to everyday life came soon. After another additional three weeks at home, Dean was finally able to return to work. His colleagues were grateful that he was back and didn’t ask why he was limping a little bit or why he looked tired and worn out.
Dean nodded firmly and shook his head, as if frustrated with himself. “I’m sorry, Castiel. You must think I’m a total idiot, the way I’ve been behaving.”
Immediately, he turned onto his back as he desperately sought Alastair’s eyes, trying to make him understand, trying to gain the strength to raise himself, but he was quickly stopped when Alastair stepped on his wrist and he howled in pain.
“Come on, Shosh, let’s get home. It will be getting dark soon.”
“Okay, I’m sorry.” He pulled his hand away after a few superficial dabs. “This is too painful for you at this moment and I don’t think the cut’s too bad anyway. It will heal on its own, I think.”
“Oh, just reading a little bit, “Dean said on a whim and he held up the novel his hands had luckily found underneath the pillow.
But before he could decide on what to do Alastair took the decision from him.
Bitterness washed over him, tightening his throat, choking him. No. No, Castiel wouldn’t. He would probably be very angry at Dean. He would be angry at himself for even bothering with someone useless like that. Someone pathetic like him. He would maybe be a little upset for a few days, then forget him.
“Alright, be back in just a second.” She scurried off and left Dean alone. He sighed and let his eyes rake over the room when suddenly a huge fluffy cat jumped up the couch and settled herself right into his lap before he could protest.
“Y-yes of course, “he stammered, “if that’s what you want.”
He simply ignored the little voice in the back of his mind that told him he was playing a dangerous game.
“Don’t always apologize, “Castiel repeated, this time softer. “Please, you’re not doing anything wrong. Yes, you brought me here and I’m desperate for you to tell me what’s going on. There’s nothing silly about it.”
He didn’t know what would happen tomorrow. He had no idea if Dean would stay with him if Alastair would come and search for him. He had no idea if there was a chance that this was something that really could be happening between the two of them. He was completely and utterly clueless as to the prospects of their immediate future.
“You wouldn’t betray me, sweetheart, right?” Alastair asked quietly, and there was something in his expression that almost crushed Dean, something sinister and something downright obsessive that he felt he was completely lost in those eyes. It was as if he was imprisoned, trapped. Although those eyes seemed so tender and loving and he knew that he was loved by that man above him to a point that it was borderline dangerous. It was a love so deep and so intense that he knew he would be unwise to reject it.
The man named Cain looked at them, then up at Dean and laughed.
“You need to rest, sweetheart, “he said, as he pushed Dean back into bed after he had made his call. “I want you to stay here for the whole day and not get up unless you need to go to the bathroom. Will you promise me that?”
He thought of contacting Dean’s brother, the one who lived somewhere far away and had no idea that his sibling was being abused by his husband. But he dismissed that idea as well because they, just like him, had nothing against Alastair without any proof of the abuse, without Dean’s testimony. It would mean going behind Dean’s back without really gaining anything worthwhile, so that was out of the question, too.
He took the note and flashed a quick smile at Amanda who promptly blushed. “Thanks. I’ll call her.”
“I’m sorry, “he blurted out and Alastair’s eyebrows arched up. “I’m sorry, I was just thinking a little, I didn’t mean to be rude.”
“Cas, “he murmured, and there was still so much conflict in his voice although it was obvious he was just as aroused as Castiel, his skin flushed, his lips moist and open. The sight of him was almost too much and Castiel wanted to kiss him, to hold him, to protect him, to lay down right here on the floor with him and hide him away from everyone else, shut out the world because nothing else mattered apart from this man, right here before his eyes.
Her words were music to his ears, but he knew she was exaggerating. She was a nice person and wanted him to feel appreciated, but he didn’t want her to feel obliged to compliment him.
“I’m so sorry, Castiel. But you can see that he had a good reason to do it, right? If he beat that other guy and broke half the bones in his body just because he went out with Dean one night, what will Alastair do to you if he learns you two have been meeting in private multiple times? If that guy’s the sicko he appears to be, he seems totally capable of killing someone.” Castiel huffed but she took his hand. “I mean it, Castiel. He’s a police officer and someone with that power could do a lot without being suspected of anything.”
“May I hold your hands?”
“Hey, I’m no saint, I can’t promise anything, but I’ll try, okay?”
Then it turned into anger. Charlie had said she would be right back with Jo, what was she doing here, laughing with Dean? Was she trying to make fun of him?
“Uhm, yes, I think so, “Dean answered shyly, and Alastair chuckled. “Of course, after the day you had. Let’s go to bed immediately after this is over, yes? We can sleep in tomorrow, I have a late shift. Alright, sweetheart?”
“I asked you a question, boy.”
“Oh, relax, sweetie, I’m just teasing you, “she said quickly, and she nudged his shoulder playfully before sitting down on the chair across from him. “Don’t take everything I say seriously, I’m not a very serious person. I swear most of the time only rubbish comes out of my mouth.”
If Dean had stayed, he would have protected him. He would have never left his side and always stayed with him to make sure that sick, cruel husband of his did not harm another hair on his beautiful head. If Alastair had dared to show up at his doorstep, intent on dragging Dean back home, he would have faced that arrogant bastard, and gladly. There was no knowing what he would have done to him, apart from the simple fact that he would have lost his temper in one way or another...
“Oh, you know very well what I’m talking about, “Alastair sneered as his eyes darted over Castiel’s furiously, searching for a weakness within them. “I’m not blind. I’ve seen many men’s eyes flash with lust when they look at my husband. I cannot blame them, he is a beautiful man. But let me tell you something.”
“You know what, Shosh? I won’t let him brush me off like that. I just want to know what’s going on, he can’t just end it like this.”
She looked at him in disbelief as he pulled back his chair and stood up. “What? Right now? But we’re in the middle of a conversation!”
“How about that glass of wine now, hm?”
“Ben Braeden.”
Dean swallowed and nodded.
Outside, he drew a long, shaky breath, thankful for the slightly chilly September air. He paced up and down outside the gym as he tried to sort through the thoughts racing through his mind.
“I’ll check your cheek next, alright?”
At long last Dean’s sobs quieted down and he suddenly went slack in Castiel’s arms, drained of all his remaining strength. Castiel held him firmly, making it clear that Dean was welcome to stay there as long as he liked. When Dean weakly pushed himself away from him, he handed him a tissue from the box that conveniently stood on the coffee table. Smiling gratefully, Dean blew his nose and wiped at his eyes.
Dean looked so confused that Castiel almost had to stifle a laugh.
Also, I'm sorry for another long wait for the update. It just seems to be the way things are going lately. I've been cooped up in quarantine with my family, and it's not exactly been easy. My country is in its second lockdown and it's weighing on everyone around me. I'm glad that I finally managed to edit this monster chapter, as it has been sitting on my desk for weeks but I never had the energy to work on it (editing is hard..)
After lying there for a few seconds, a sudden wave of nausea washed over him out of nowhere and he found himself retching the meagre contents of his stomach onto their expensive living room carpet. Soon he was only coughing up spit and bile and when he was finished with that, he weakly pushed himself away from the little puddle of filth next to him, its smell not helping the queasy feeling in his stomach.
Dean concentrated on eating slowly, trying not to spill any sauce or wine on the white tablecloth. He was expected to demonstrate perfect table manners, and he knew he could do it if he only could stop his hands from shaking too much.
The day after was nice enough but his heart wasn’t in it. Michael had invited them all to his house for a barbecue. Michael’s wife and kids were there, as well as Castiel’s mother, Anna and Matt, Lucifer and Gabriel – slightly hangover. His brothers tried to make him comfortable, joking around as usual but even Lucifer seemed to notice Castiel’s fake smile and so the atmosphere between them was uneasy at best. Which made Castiel feel guilty all over again.
After a while though, he cleared his throat and her face turned towards him at once. “Charlie ….”
“Oh, I just thought it strange that you would look at someone like that you don’t know. So I was wondering if you two might know each other.”
Which was why Alastair was going to be a little more patient, Dean thought. Up until today, every single ‘fight’ between them had ended up with an inevitable reconciliation. If Alastair had been overly upset, like yesterday, he would leave, slam the door behind him, and drink a few whiskeys at a local bar or go shoot at the shooting range as he had done last evening.
“Uh, sure, “he said slowly, and he couldn’t help but flinch when she grabbed his arm to usher him inside.
Alastair, who saw the reluctant determination in Dean’s eyes, grinned and drew his fingers away. He turned and strode back to the other side of the room, deliberately slow.
She brought them some coffee together with an equally old-fashioned set of crockery which was kind of stylish he thought. The two of them sat across from Castiel, each with one of his cookies in hand and they looked at him expectantly.
She shrugged. “Well. It only takes one look at you to see that you’re heartbroken, so it wasn’t your mother or just a friend that upset you. You don’t have to be a genius for that. So, that means it was Dean, unless there were other hot, married guys out there you fell in love with?”
He kept on shushing and soothing and eventually Dean managed to calm down.
He got scissors, tape, and gauze from the first aid kit and pulled Dean’s arm into his lap. After a quick nod of permission from Dean, he rolled up the sleeves from Dean’s shirt so that he would have more space to work with and began the process of bandaging his sprained wrist. Dean managed to keep almost completely quiet, only hissing in pain once or twice.
“I’m so sorry, Castiel! I didn’t mean to be late, I-I please…I’m sorry!” The words flew from his mouth.
“Then we have to make him lose face in public, “she said triumphantly. “That way, everybody will see what a sick bastard he is and there will be no way he will get charged.”
“You did what?” he repeated, and he was so loud that she immediately shushed him, looking around nervously but there was nobody there.
“I’m coming, “he called out, and he made his way back to the clinic, towards his eagerly waiting colleagues.
They didn’t seem to be brothers, they didn’t look alike at all and they were too close in age to be father and son, although Alastair seemed to be at least ten years older than Dean.
He banged his head once more against the steel of his car as the hopelessness of the situation washed over him again and again and he suddenly wished he had not decided to drive out today. It had turned out to be a very bad day for him.
“I think they’re okay, “Dean said quietly, but he opened his mouth nevertheless. Gingerly, Castiel cupped his chin and let his fingers roam along Dean’s jawline to feel for any loose teeth. Luckily, he didn’t find anything and there was no blood in Dean’s mouth either. Dean was lucky to still have all his teeth left.
It would not be easy to hide the pain from his husband. Alastair expected him to man up, to endure the pain without letting it show that he was injured so he had learned to deal with it accordingly. He had learned not to wince in pain every time something accidently touched his back (or whatever else was injured) or when he made a false movement. He had learned to wear clothes that would conceal the marks on his body. Sometimes it was a little tedious, for example when he had to wear long-sleeved shirts on a hot, unforgiving summer day just because there were purple bruises on his forearms where his husband had grabbed him too tightly. On a few occasions he had to even put on make-up when Alastair had lost patience and slapped him in the face. Unfortunately, he bruised easily, so on times like that he had to make some effort to cover up even those slight slip-ups. It was a little embarrassing to own a make- up kit as a man but he didn’t know any other way to conceal the marks on his skin lest he stayed at home for days on those occasions and that wouldn’t work because his husband expected him to do the shopping and of course, there was his job, too.
Then, the last text a few seconds ago, at 1:35 am:
Dean sighed and suddenly he felt utterly empty.
The warning buzzer went off, and Hannah’s voice came through the intercom, informing the team about the incoming patient.
To his surprise, Cain just smirked and shook his head a little. “Hm, that’s a shame. I was just considering asking you out for some coffee. I can spare myself the embarrassment then, right?”
Long after his footsteps were gone, Castiel continued to stare at the wooden ground, at the place Dean had stood just a few moments ago. An emptiness filled him and left him utterly lost. He stood there in the woods, staring at the trees and the leaves and the earth but he didn’t know how to make that empty feeling go away.
His heart hammered against his ribcage as he slowly walked over to the door, careful not to make any unnecessary sounds, his jumpsuit in his one hand, his phone in the other.
Was Dean okay? Was he even still alive?
“Please, “Castiel repeated firmly, “for me?” Dean studied him hesitantly, his brows knitted together in a way that Castiel, despite everything, found adorable; then he slowly nodded and walked over to the desk, sitting down in the chair. Castiel quickly pulled another chair from out of the corner and sat down opposite him.
It wasn’t.
“Dean.”
He turned abruptly, opened the door to his car, and got inside. Castiel swallowed and couldn’t do anything but watch as Dean started the car and pulled away, refusing to even glance at him for one more time. The tires screeched on the asphalt, the engine howled as Dean accelerated faster than he shoulder - and then he was gone.
Castiel stopped as he realized he was babbling. He was afraid Dean would think him crazy, but Dean didn’t seem to think so, he just smiled at Castiel with an amused but sympathetic grin.
“Dean…. I am so sorry that this happened to you. I….I can’t believe your husband is doing this to you. I mean, I know you’ve told me, but I never realized….it’s different when you see the evidence right in front of your eyes and I must confess, Dean, I ….. I’m terrified.”
**: I'm grateful to anyone leaving comments/kudos, they make me so happy and keep me motivated :)
and Dean couldn’t help but flinch a little.
“Coming.” A hoarse voice from inside called so Castiel waited.
He found a pen and paper on the table in the kitchen and wrote a quick note to Castiel. He thought it wasn’t fair to just leave. Just a few quick words, nothing fancy. If he wrote more it would only make it even harder to leave.
“Cas!”
It had been so quiet he could barely make out the words.
The wish to speak to Dean was so intense, that he had to press his hands against his thighs to keep from jumping up. He broke out in a cold sweat and he felt panic rising up within him, pulling him into a tight grip of fear.
Dean flashed a nervous smile at him. “It was delicious, Alastair, you know I love it when you cook.”
He smiled sheepishly. “No. You’re right of course.”
Suddenly he came with a yell and his fingers clawed into the flesh of Dean’s buttocks as he pounded into him like a madman. Dean moaned in surprised pain but the hard, exact thrusts against his prostrate made him go over the edge too, and he flushed in shame when he realized after a few seconds that he had ejaculated into the sheets beneath him.
“Don’t look at me like that, Shosh, “he shouted over the music. “I’ve just met the most perfect man in the world, that’s all.” And he continued dancing and singing.
The doorbell rang and he took a deep breath.
“Alright. Prepare room 2 for examination.”
kind of scream which nobody heard because he was alone. He kicked at a large stone on the ground and when that still wasn’t enough, he hit against his car’s side once more, just to release some of the rage boiling inside of him.
He knew he should be thankful it was happening like this. At least this way, he knew what was coming and he knew what kind of behaviour his husband expected of him.
Castiel sighed. All of the sudden he was embarrassed with himself.
There was no collar, no sign to signify ownership of any kind. The dog either had no collar, or he was a stray. He looked a little disheveled, but apart from the slightly dirty fur, he was beautiful.
“Thanks!” the man exclaimed happily. “You saved me. I would have been forced to wander around aimlessly for God knows how long if it hadn’t been for you.”
Alastair’s eyes were hard as they pierced into Dean’s, searching for a sign of weakness, a sign that he would resist this new instrument he would punish him with.
“Take off your shirt, “he ordered.
Castiel chuckled as an image of a young Dean wrestling with a huge Bernese mountain dog filled his mind. He felt as if he had received a little present from Dean, a little personal piece from himself, from his past.
“But…” he started but Dean shook his head.
He found the store Alex had told him about and went inside. He grabbed a roasted chicken sandwich and a small salad as well as a banana smoothie.
Fumbling with his phone nervously, he deleted all the messages as well as Castiel’s contact. When it was done, he felt strangely empty and sad. He scooted a little away from Alastair and rested his head on the pillow, sighing. He felt like crying his heart out, but he knew he couldn’t. So he focussed on the pain instead. The pain from the wounds on his back mostly. He would have to be careful the next few days so that nobody would notice him wincing or walking funny. He also needed to take care of Alastair, cook him his favourite meals, be home in time and keep the house neat and shiny. Alastair would be happy with him then and he would be nice to him. Maybe he could forget Castiel then.
He shifted so that he hovered directly over Dean again, his face in front of him, planting soft little kisses on his mouth and cheeks.
His words struck Dean like a fist in the face. Ben Braeden really had those troubles in school, he had told Dean about it last week ago during their guitar session. Ben had seemed so upset when he entered the room that they hadn’t even started with the lesson. Dean had simply told him to sit down and tell him what was wrong. He had given Ben exactly the advice he had told Alastair and it hurt him that Alastair thought of his advice had been useless. Ben had cried bitterly, Dean had pulled him into a tight embrace and told him everything would be fine. It hadn’t felt as if that had been nothing. Ben had smiled at him with tears in his eyes and thanked him. He had felt better afterwards, and he had left with a shy smile on his face.
Why did he feel so bad then? Why did it feel as if his heart was on the verge of breaking into a million pieces because it couldn’t withstand the agony anymore?
His hands kneaded Dean’s ass with such vigour that it almost hurt.
“No no, don’t worry about that, Dean. Calm down. I will take care of that alright? I’ll pay the bill, don’t concern yourself with that.”
“No. With my husband, actually.”
Dean gulped and he tried to ignore the fear creeping up his limbs.
Dean did.
“Only the best for you, “Alastair purred as he put the tray on the nightstand and Dean eyed it warily, trying to be happy about the kind gesture from his husband. He had expected this. This was the way Alastair behaved like every time after a bad fight like the one they had had yesterday. He would be much more gentle with Dean, he would buy him nice things and shower him with affection, in shocking contrast to the way he’d treated him before.
Dean waited until he was gone before he collapsed onto his knees, curling into himself, sobs wrecking his weary body.
“I’m sorry, Anna, I truly am. I’ll make it up to you.” He was already shrugging into his jacket.
People were starting to stream out of the gym, Castiel noticed. Apparently, the concert was over. He looked back to Charlie who was returning his gaze nervously and eventually he nodded.
“Thanks, Dean, that’s nice to hear.” He offered his cookie basket again. “I’ve brought homemade cookies for you as a little gift. I hope you like cookies.”
He was just considering leaving when his phone vibrated with a new text message.
“Don’t!” Castiel interrupted him, impulsively and Dean looked at him with slightly widened eyes.
He stroked the dog’s head as he realized that the dog must have been hit by a car passing by. Anger rose deep within his belly at the thought of someone hurting this poor innocent animal without getting it the help it needed afterward. Some humans were just awful.
“That’s a good boy.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He checked up on the sleeping dog. It was breathing just fine, so he quickly made his way back to Examination Room 2, grabbing the pen in his pocket to fill out the new patient’s information on the form.
“Just a moment, “he said quietly and he changed into his pajamas and brushed his teeth before he slipped underneath the covers next to his husband. Alastair pulled him close to his chest without looking at him and Dean managed not to wince at the touch from the man who had just violated him. He wouldn’t like it.
His body had healed nicely after all the extended rest it had been getting: the headaches were gone and although his ribs weren’t healed completely he could breathe much better than a week ago and his wrist felt much better too. His lip had healed almost completely. The dark bruise on his cheek had turned yellow. It still looked awful, to be honest, but still much better than the dark purple colour it had been before. He was on the mend and he was sure that he would be okay to go to work after another week at home. He had told his boss that he had sprained his wrist in an accident at home and because he was a guitar teacher he naturally couldn’t come to work. They had been very understanding and had not doubted his words at all. Well, he had told them the truth about the condition of his wrist, hadn’t he?
“Thanks so much, Mr. Christensen, “a youthful, happy voice replied. “Do you think I’m good enough to play at the next open session in front of everybody?”
“Castiel!” Castiel shouted into the other man’s ear and Tony’s eyes flashed hungrily at the sudden closeness of him, very obviously relishing it.
But there were still a lot of unanswered questions and even though Castiel didn’t want to pressure Dean, he needed to know the answer to at least some of them.
“I-I didn’t do anything, Alastair, I swear, “Dean blurted out in a panic even though he desperately tried to maintain control. Alastair hated when he lost control.
He tenderly brushed his thumb over Dean’s cheek, wiping away the stray tear, as he gently forced Dean’s head up, trying to get him to look at him. Something that sounded like a sob erupted from Dean’s mouth and Castiel tensed in surprise, as trembling hands suddenly reached up and encircled his arm.
Which was why he found it almost painful doing nothing. After three continuous hours of listening to music, watching an average horror movie on Netflix, and trying to read the latest Dean Koontz novel (and failing after four pages), Dean found that he was bored. He felt restless. But he didn’t dare refuse Alastair’s command so he stayed put in bed.
“How do you know?” Castiel asked quietly and a small, sad smile appeared on Dean’s lips.
“I am not worthy of you, “he whispered and shook his head when the angel looked at him in confusion.
It went perfectly well for a whole week and Dean felt a glimmer of hope rising in his belly.
“I missed you too, “Dean whispered and at that moment he told himself that he had been a terrible fool for leaving Alastair yesterday. This was still his husband. The man who had sworn to love and keep him for the rest of his life. The only man who understood and loved him.
“Alright, good boy “Castiel praised the dog, chuckling when the dog nuzzled into his hand enthusiastically as he stroked its head. “You’re doing great.”
He tried to divert himself with cooking, baking, gardening and reading. None of those things kept his mind off Dean so he called a few friends back home as well as Gabriel and his mother just to talk. That helped a little but after all those calls were made; he was back at the start.
He hummed to himself while he prepared his chamomile tea, trying to think of something different than the phone in the living room. Just as he was about to pour himself a cup of the steaming hot tea, he heard the well-known sound of his phone receiving a message.  Hastily he put the tea pot down and rushed into the living room to scoop up his phone and read the message.
Simon and Garfunkel’s “Cecilia” began to blare loudly through his living room and on impulse, he started dancing along to the music.
At that moment he couldn’t hold himself back any longer, and he pulled Dean against his chest, wrapping his arms around him in a bone-crushing embrace.
He reminded himself that Alastair was waiting for him upstairs, that he’d better hurry before his mood soured even further. But the mere thought of lying down next to his husband caused bile to rise up in his sore throat and he swallowed a few times to calm his stomach as well as his nerves.  He closed his eyes and counted to ten.
“Here, get that ice back on your face, “Castiel said, as he grabbed the crumpled tissue from Dean’s hand and pushed the cold compress in its place.
Castiel smiled to himself and he chuckled quietly as he remembered the way Dean had blushed and stuttered when they had talked about him being named after an angel. That had been so sweet and had made him look younger than he probably was.
Trying not to appear too eager, he got up from the bed and grabbed his pajama from the drawer. He almost stumbled in his haste to change into them, aware that Dean was watching him silently. He didn’t bother brushing his teeth. Dean seemed ready to fall asleep any second now, but he needed Castiel next to him to do so comfortably, and Castiel would not deny him this.
Dean was crumpled unto the floor, shopping basket full of products spilling out still in his hand, a surprised look on his face. Then he looked up at Castiel and his eyes widened a little as he recognized him too.
No, no. He wasn’t like that. Castiel really liked him. He had taken care of Dean. He wanted to protect him from Alastair. He hadn’t forced him to go to the hospital. He hadn’t kissed Dean, Dean had kissed him and he hadn’t expected anything else to happen. That was worth something, wasn’t it?
“Yes, you’re right, “Dean murmured absently. He suddenly nuzzled his face against the crook of Castiel’s neck, deeply inhaling his scent and Castiel suppressed a shudder underneath the uncharacteristically blatant touch, the sexual tension between them from before briefly flaring up again.
“Such a good boy, “Alastair cooed, and Dean felt his cheeks flush with the praise. Alastair could be so incredibly sweet and gentle when he wanted to, and Dean was grateful every time he became the subject of this kindness.
“Nice to meet you, Castiel, “he shouted, and he placed his hands on Castiel’s hips, enticing him to start dancing with him. A voice in Castiel’s head protested a little at the intimate gesture but he ignored it and he allowed his body to relax into the familiar rhythm, following Tony’s lead. The other man’s lips curled into a seductive smile as he slowly grinded his hips into Castiel’s.
Castiel’s hands were trembling as they once again tried to clench into fists, and he took a deep breath before he flexed his fingers and looked up to meet Dean’s nervous gaze.
He stared at the screen and his eyes followed the characters moving from left to right, talking to each other, fighting melodramatically with each other over faked pregnancies and forbidden love affairs. His ears took in the sounds they were making, the silly sounds that were coming out of the mouths of these mostly untalented actors but after ten minutes he realized he had no idea what they had been talking about. He was still thinking about Dean and their conversation in the woods.
He lay awake at night, drowning in the memory of a shy, miserable Dean on his couch, barely allowing Castiel to tend to his wounds and yet so starved for the touch that was tender instead of cruel, full of empathy instead of aggression. He would lay on his side in his bed and imagine that Dean was there with him again, with his back pressed against Castiel’s chest; his warm, beautiful body warm in his sleep as he allowed Castiel to take care of him just for one night - as
But when Dean tried to move away from him, Castiel muttered something unintelligible in his sleep, his hands searching for Dean.
“Hi, Alex. Great to see you again,” he said, and he got up from the floor to embrace her.
“Castiel, what…?”
“Good morning, darling, “Alastair purred as he leaned down to place a soft kiss on the corner of Dean’s mouth. “Did you sleep well?” He shifted downwards, his fingers stroking over Dean’s chest and arms and suddenly he dived down and took Dean’s left nipple into his mouth, causing Dean to gasp in surprise. His back arched off the bed slightly when his husband began an alternating rhythm of licking and biting at his nipple. It felt incredible and Dean couldn’t stop the small moan escaping his mouth. His hands clenched into the sheets and he closed his eyes, losing himself in the physical sensation offered to him.
“Please, Dean, “Castiel urged, as he nudged Dean's hand with his own. “Relax. My home is your home. Alright?”
But of course, he hadn’t been able to find him anywhere and he had stumbled back inside in a frenzy, grabbed the next random item within his reach -  a delicate vase with a bunch of red tulips inside - and smashed it against the wall, a hoarse scream leaving his throat as broken pieces of porcelain, water and flower trickled down his wallpaper.
The redhead and Jo looked at each other and grinned. “Well then, dear Castiel, “the redhead said, “you are welcome in our house. I’m Charlie by the way.” She winked at him.
Castiel blinked, as his throat tightened around an unbidden knot. “Okay. Tell me if this hurts.” He gently took the wrist into his hand and moved it between his fingers, softly pressing at the fragile flesh. Dean’s face scrunched up in pain but he didn’t cry out.
Dean swallowed and nodded. “Okay.”
They sat together like this for a good twenty minutes when Castiel suddenly sat up with grim determination.
Dean’s eyes were brimming with barely-concealed emotions as he studied Castiel’s face, and there seemed to be something he wanted to say, but he didn't... or couldn’t. Castiel wanted nothing more than to hear Dean say again that he needed Castiel, that he was everything right now, nothing else. He wanted him to proclaim his love for Castiel, and promise that he would never return to Alastair, that he was staying for good, never leaving Castiel’s side ever again.
Free of all his sorrow.
Dean’s heart pounded in his chest as he thought about it.
Castiel swallowed too. “Please, Dean, “he said hoarsely, overwhelmed with the sudden intimacy of their situation. “You don’t have to thank me. I’m just glad that you came to me.”
But Castiel simply cupped his cheek and pulled his face back up, silencing him with another kiss and Dean let out a strangled sob as he wrapped his arms around the older man’s neck, pulling him closer against his chest as if he wanted them to melt together, to become one right this instant.
“Hear, hear!” Charlie called and they all cheered as Castiel turned the music back up. He went and prepared himself a plate of food, then sat down next to Claire and Alex, Jodie’s daughters. “How’s school?” he asked them, genuinely interested, and that started a long conversation. Before long he was drawn into a huge discussion with them and a few others about the benefits and the errors of America’s health care system and he hugely enjoyed himself. He loosened up even more after drinking a few bottles of beer and he laughed and joked with everyone as he tried to win the argument.
Suddenly he regretted not going to work today. What would he be doing the whole day? He didn’t want to go out, he wasn’t in the mood for making chitchat with other people and he was supposed to be sick at home anyway. He didn’t feel like doing any work in the house or the garden. Which meant that he would be stuck with watching TV all day.
“I know, “Castiel agreed, “and his husband seems to be a real asshole. Didn’t like me looking at his husband and got all territorial. So, I know I should just forget him, because I don’t wanna be a homewrecker. But I can’t, Charlie. For the past few days I’ve really tried to not think about him, to divert myself with other stuff but my mind seems to be stuck on Dean.”
“I understand completely, “Castiel laughed with sincere sympathy, “after being around my colleagues and a load of patients all day I tend to prefer being alone myself.” He flicked his hand against Dean’s arm playfully. “Just watch out that I won’t steal your secret hiding places from you.”
“Well, well, Dean, what have we here? A new neighbour? Introduce us, please, where are your manners?”
“Okay….”
He turned to see Hannah, Gus, and Malcolm, the other veterinarian on call, stand at the open door, staring at him in unveiled curiosity.
“Stand back, Castiel! Please!”
This time, he saw his text was not only delivered but also read after a few minutes. He watched in relief as he waited for Jo to text back.
They chatted once again easily as Castiel prepared them some nice sandwiches from the ingredients he had brought. When Dean took his first bite with closed eyes, he gave just a barely audible moan but that was enough to send a surge of heat through Castiel’s loins. Dean was shy but it was obvious he was enjoying Castiel’s food very much.
He nodded back in the same cool manner, then his eyes inadvertently flickered over to Dean who was staring at him with wide fearful eyes. Alastair then returned his attention back to Dean whose face quickly covered up his nervousness and changed into a warm smile.
He seemed to be getting close and Dean opened his eyes in relief. But then he felt hands closing around his throat and his whole body tensed again in fear.
“You okay now?” he asked.
Dean’s stomach lurched. “No! No, not at all, “he hurried to say, then he bit his lip as he realized how desperate that had come out. “I-I’ve said goodbye to everyone I needed to, “he added, more quietly. His eyes darted upwards and he shivered involuntarily as he met his husband’s curious glance.
Alastair kept hitting his prostrate, kept praising Dean for being such a good boy and although the pain from the grip on his back remained, it mixed with the undeniable pleasure building up in his loins and soon Dean was making soft little moaning noises into the pillow he was pushed into with each thrust.
Dean’s heart was racing in his chest as he packed up his things, grabbed his jacket and began making his way to the end of the gym. Alastair had told him to finish things up and meet him outside. Dean had just nodded and then turned towards his task.
“Fuck, yes, “his husband moaned from behind him, but he almost couldn’t hear him over the ringing in his ears. “So tight, such a tight little slut. Oh, God.”
But it didn’t matter right now. They had this moment.
She took his hands into hers and opened her mouth to speak, hesitated, then closed it again as she nervously watched the expectant expression on his face.
“Fighting lessons.” His voice was a low growl now, as he breathed into Dean’s space. “Teach him how to fight back, teach him how to break another kid’s fucking nose, that will put an end to all his problems. They wouldn’t bully him anymore, no, he would be respected by everyone in his class instead. He wouldn’t be a pathetic victim anymore.” He practically spat out the word
“I’m disgusted by you, Dean!” Alastair spit out through gritted teeth, and Dean almost howled at the pain from where his husband’s hands were digging into his arms, trapping him against the hard door behind him. “Putting yourself on display like that! Like a common whore!”
Looking at Castiel with a wide-eyed expression on his face, as if he couldn’t believe what he was doing, he scooted closer until they were only inches apart from each other, and without further ado, he pressed a kiss to Castiel’s unexpectant mouth. It was just a soft brush of lips against his, a feathery caress that dared not linger, but it was enough to make Castiel’s heart lurch in his chest.
Would it be possible? Was there actually a way that he could stay with Castiel? Be with him?
“That would be so great.” The kid named Jonathan was obviously very thankful and Castiel’s heart swelled at the open trust and appreciation displayed here right next to him.
It had been his one chance to get Dean out of his hell and he had ruined it. He had failed to keep Dean safely by his side and now the younger man would pay the terrible price for the mistake that Castiel had made.
See you in 2021!
to make Dean understand that he couldn’t keep returning to his violent husband. He
But his stupid heart didn’t listen. Once again, he found himself drowning in his own misery and he hated himself.
He quickly put the phone back to his ear. “Uhm, “he muttered, trying not to sound too confused, “this is Dean Christensen, I was told to call you back. Urgently?”
A glance at his throat told him what he already suspected. A large bruise in the form of two hands was starting to form there. It would be black and blue in the morning. He sighed as he realized that swallowing and drinking would be incredibly painful the next few days. Wearing a scarf would be no problem because it was cold outside and he would have no trouble justifying wearing one even indoors.
Alastair went out of his way to coddle and spoil Dean in almost every way possible. He cooked him delicious food or he had food delivered, whatever Dean craved, no matter the cost. They spent hours in bed, just cuddling and watching movies. Every day he took him to the bathtub where he washed him slowly, taking care not to hurt him too much in the process trying to avoid the wounds on his body. He would hold him and tell him that he loved him and give Dean pills and tea and hot water bottles to soothe his pain.
So he pressed his mouth into a thin line and nodded his head. His nails dug into his palms so hard that it hurt but he still managed to nod.
Dean nodded skeptically, as he tried to gauge if Castiel really believed what he had said. When Castiel’s confidence still didn’t waver after a few moments, the corners of his lips curled upwards ever so slightly, a shy smile spreading out on his mouth. Castiel met his gaze with a warm smile.
Then he fixed Dean with an amused, interested stare and Dean shifted uncomfortably underneath the piercing look.
“Yeah, “Dean agreed quietly.
Feeling a little better, he entered the bathroom and thoroughly cleaned himself up. He washed his face and between his legs, coaxing the remaining semen out of his sore hole, trying to ignore the pain and the small amount of blood that came with it. The wounds would heal. They did it every time, he would be fine.
It had been over two months since he had last seen him, and he had thought he was slowly – very slowly - getting over the heartbreak and lovesickness Dean’s loss had put him through. But as soon as he saw the familiar figure stepping up the stairs to the stage it all came back to him with a force that left him stunned and he felt as if a train had ridden over him.
Alastair’s groans grew louder and Dean knew he was close. Then there was a hand on his own erection, stroking him impatiently, causing him to gasp in surprise. Suddenly, Alastair lurched forward, his free hand gripping Dean’s neck to tug him downward and as he was pulled down, a mouth attacked his throat, sucking hardly.
Dean was gone. He had lost him.
Dean’s chest was heaving with desperate frustration and he was looking at Castiel with open self-hatred. “I was the one who put Adam into that situation! I knew Alastair would be jealous, I knew he would be angry if he found out about us going to a concert together!”
“Are you coming? The ice cream’s already melting.”
After a quick phone call and one short visit to the clinic, he had got himself a second job. To their pleasant surprise, he asked them to give him as many weekend shifts as possible, so he ended up with a schedule putting him on the roster for every Saturday night for the next few weeks.
“No!” Dean was sobbing now. There was nothing he could do but hope that Alastair would calm down so he could explain the situation to him.
“The guitar, “Dean answered, and he smiled to himself, as if lost in thought. “I love playing the guitar, my old friend Chris taught me how to play and it’s kinda my thing now. Well, halfway through my studies I met Alastair, we uhm, we fell in love and decided to move in together shortly after. I graduated and shortly after that, he got this great job offer here in Medford as Chief. So, we decided to move here, bought the house and everything.”
If Dean had a knife in his hand this very moment, he would have probably slit his wrists, right there and then. His hands were clenched into the sheets and he was breathing hard. Once more he had to force himself to calm down and this time it took a little longer than before.
“Please sit down, “Castiel said as he gestured towards the bed. “I’ll just get some fresh linens quickly.”
He stopped himself, pressing the back of his hand against his mouth in quiet frustration. Taking a deep breath to sort himself out, he started anew.
“No!”
Outside it was cold, a harsh wind was blowing. He was without a scarf or a hat and he turned up his collars in a meek attempt to protect himself, as he walked away from the house, not towards his own house, but towards the town center instead. He kept his head and eyes down. It was the middle of the night but you never knew who could be found outside going for a spontaneous late-night stroll or maybe a midnight snack. He couldn’t afford to be spotted by someone who knew him which was why he needed to find a taxi as quickly as possible.
“So, Castiel, you’re single?” Jo asked a little sudden.
Her arms were strong and warm around him and he could feel the skin of her neck against his face, smell the fruity scent of her perfume and it felt good and reassuring. He let himself be held like a small child and he pushed the shame aside.
He was broken and nobody should be bothered with broken things.
He worked his way through the rest of the houses, knocking on doors and shaking a lot of hands. He met the Trans as well as grumpy old Bobby Singer. Also, a nice guy named Benny with his wife and two kids who devour his cookies in a matter of minutes much to the horror of their mother. They were all friendly and eager to meet the new neighbour. Well, Bobby Singer had shaken his hand and then crawled back under the car he was working on without a word so he had just left two cookies wrapped in a napkin at his doorstep and moved along but apart from that he felt really good, he felt welcome here.
Castiel pushed his spoon into the ice cream, let it stick there in the melting sweetness. “Can I …. Can I tell you something?”
It had been a small ceremony with about fifty guests. Dean would have been content with a quick trip to city hall and a few drinks with their closest friends, but Alastair had insisted they had a ‘real’ wedding. One with a real ceremony with personal vows written by themselves, a three-tier wedding cake, white doves, the whole deal. Dean had been overwhelmed and also a little embarrassed by it all but then again, he didn’t want to disappoint his fiancée.
The monsters were coming for him.
“You have to keep it still as much as possible. Don’t lift anything with that hand and try to keep it supported as often as possible.”
Alastair wouldn’t be home for another couple of hours, so Dean hadn’t really thought about eating, but apparently, his stomach wouldn’t be put off right now. He sighed, annoyed by the basic needs of the human body, because he was just getting to the gist of the problem with Baby’s engine – but it had to wait, he could return to it later. He would just make himself a quick PB&J sandwich, just this once, he hadn’t eaten all day – and then he could go back to work until Alastair returned from work.
He noticed that Dean only ate a little of everything and he asked why Dean wouldn’t eat more. Dean shifted a little nervously and shrugged eventually. “Well, it’s not because it’s not delicious, Cas, because it definitely is, but you know, I don’t wanna eat too much because…” He stopped and hesitated.
They were inches away from each other and Dean’s breath was hot on his face. He could feel the other man trembling from where he held him and he noticed that Dean’s pupils were dilated and his lips slightly parted. He weakly tried to tear his hand out of Castiel’s grip and Castiel allowed his hand to fall away but he immediately pressed his other arm against the door, too, effectively bracketing Dean’s body without even thinking.
“You did what?” He stared at her, incredulous.
Dean, however, was still shifting nervously and he was looking at Castiel almost anxiously. It seemed he was still uncertain if he wanted to be here or not.
The footsteps came nearer again. Then there was a loud snarl as a fist was punched into wooden furniture somewhere nearby and Dean flinched helplessly. He held his breath as he listened to his husband’s laboured breathing from the corridor. He didn’t dare to move. He almost didn’t dare to breathe.
Dean nodded dutifully. “Yes, Sir, “he croaked out and when Alastair jerked his chin towards the nightstand he reached for the glass with shaking hands, swallowing the water and the pills without spilling anything.
Dean curled up at Alastair’s side at once. It felt almost alright: allowing his husband to stroke his back, kiss the top of his head, whisper something sweet against his face as he held him tight. It almost reminded him of the way that Castiel had held him just a few hours ago and that thought was almost too much. It caused fresh tears to flow and he hid his face in his husband’s neck, trying to hide his shame and embarrassment.
“Charlie!” His eyebrows rose, shocked. “Can you stay serious for a second?”
“No, Mom, really, I think I will manage. Yes, I’ll have to work a lot, but I will have some free time, too, mostly weekends of course and then I’ve got to do something. Being outside in the sunshine with my clippers and my shovel will give me the chance to relax a little. You know I’ve always wanted my own garden.”
“Because I have it from a very good source that you’re the best guitar teacher in the country and as it is my goal to learn the guitar it would be only natural that I would receive lessons by the best there is, wouldn’t you agree?”
Suddenly needing to see his face, Castiel pushed Dean back by a firm grip on his arms, as he fixed him with a hard, questioning stare. “Are you alright? Tell me! What happened when you got back? What did he do to you?”
Once again he closed his eyes, but then he heard it again. It was low but sounded as if it came from somewhere close and Dean rose to his feet with sudden urgency, needing to know where the noise had come from.
“So, it’s just us two. Jo just left to work her shift at the Roadhouse.” Charlie threw the ball once more then gazed at Castiel intensely. “Care to tell me what’s wrong, Castiel?
“Hi, Castiel, “he said in a quiet, flat voice, “can I...can I come in?”
He knew it was pathetic to pretend being sick, he was shirking his duties like a coward, but he just couldn’t face colleagues and patients at the moment. He just wanted to stay in and not be the professional, responsible doctor for once. He wanted to wallow in self-pity.
“The bridal bouquet should really only consist of red and pink roses, don’t you think so, too Castiel? Or should it include white ones, too, what do you think?” his mother asked.
They stared at each other and Castiel was drowning in the sorrow behind Dean’s wide eyes, the nervous twitch of his mouth as he tried to control his own physical reaction to seeing Castiel. They had not anticipated this. They had not seen each other for months, had tried to avoid thinking about each other, but in that moment, it was clear to both of them that they had failed to do just that.
“No.”
His heart was still hammering in his chest and his arms were wrapped tightly around Dean, so tightly that he feared he was crushing him when he became aware of Dean’s breathing slowing down. It was a matter of seconds until he realized that Dean had fallen asleep. His body finally lay completely relaxed in Castiel’s arms, his right hand lingering trustingly on Castiel’s waist.
“Alright, okay I get it. But we need to observe this and if you see blood in your urine, please let me know immediately.”
“I’m sorry, alright?” Cain said with an apologetic grin. “I shouldn’t have come on to you that strong.”
Kyle played perfectly. Dean’s eyes wandered over to his pupil with obvious pride and they shared a knowing look a few times during the song. It made Castiel’s heart go out to the two of them, it was clear they had a very good relationship. It didn’t seem a surprise at all, that Dean was a teacher who really cared about his pupils, who wanted them to set high ambitions for themselves and achieve something by doing what they loved.
After a few minutes of humping, Alastair retreated a little, and then the first finger entered Dean’s hole. It only hurt a little but then the second pushed in, too and that stung quite a bit.
“Yes, “he replied quickly, and he surged forward to catch his husband’s mouth in another wet kiss as proof of his ample motivation.
It was rare that Alastair lost control like that. He must have been really upset. Dean hadn’t been careful. He had only himself to blame.
Alastair studied him with his hands steepled under his chin and it cost Dean a lot of effort not to avert his gaze. “There’s no anniversary or anything similar. I just thought it would be nice to have a candlelit dinner this evening together. I thought it would be romantic. Don’t you think that’s reason enough?”
He sighed. “Is it that obvious?”
He was pretty sure he had stayed within the speed limit. So what did the police want from him?
“Hey, sweetie, “he greeted her, starting to pet her at once, smiling when she started to purr loudly. “You’re beautiful.”
When Alastair had french-kissed him in the gym, Dean had frozen underneath his touch, cold fear creeping underneath his skin because that couldn’t be good. If Alastair was kissing him like that in public, in front of everybody – even if it weren’t as many people than before – there must be a specific reason for it. When Dean had seen Castiel staring at them from the other end of the room he knew that must be it. Terror had gripped him then, the realization that he was here with his husband, but the man he had been meeting in secret was also there.
So Castiel followed him down the path. They had to make their way through some heavy thicket and at one point they simply left the path, wandering through the high grass.
Dean’s jaw hardened. “Well, I needed to go outside, “he said defiantly. “I needed some fresh air.”
His husband’s tone was casual, almost kind and Dean was thankful for it, although he knew it wasn’t real.
“Thanks for understanding.”
Dean complied at once. He unfastened the buttons of his shirt with trembling fingers, shrugged it of and laid it on the chair next to him, neatly folded as was expected of him.
He couldn’t look at this anymore. It was making him sick.
Alastair’s eyes darkened. “Dean is mine, “he growled and Castiel’s eyes widened, he couldn’t help himself. He had never seen such obsessiveness in another person.
Castiel smiled and couldn’t help but chuckle quietly. He saw Dean turning his head toward him, but he didn’t say anything. So they continued to work in silence.
“You know, Gabe, I kinda intended to tend to these beautiful babies myself” Castiel grinned as he flicked a finger through his brothers’ generous hair. “Hey!” Gabriel dramatically pretended to be hurt but grinned back at Castiel a second later. He then picked an apple from the small tree in front of him and bit into it with gusto.
Castiel stared at her, a little slow to keep up with her rapid talking, but then he blinked and smiled, a little shyly.
On his way back to Anna’s flat in the cab, Castiel let his head fall against the dark window and closed his eyes wearily. He was sick and tired of this mess.
“Does this hurt?” he asked again, and Dean nodded, gritting his teeth in obvious discomfort.
He sighed again and looked her in the eyes, trying to make himself seem calm. “I’m okay, Charlie. Really. I swear, okay?”
“Stay away from him. Did I make myself clear?”
“No, “Dean said simply. “It’s too dangerous.”
“Oh, I see you and Azazel already got acquainted with each other, “Charlie said as she re-entered the living room and placed a glass of water on the coffee table in front of him. “That’s odd, he usually hates strangers.”
Castiel nodded eagerly and waited for Dean to carry on. “Yes?”
“You can stop now, “he said, and he let go of Deans hand. Dean opened his eyes and looked at Castiel in wonder.
He raised his hands in a gesture of calm reassurance. “Hey, Dean. I’m sorry, I didn’t want to startle you. I had to see you.”
Maybe they could get Alastair convicted, or at least arrested and away from Dean. Get Dean free. Maybe there was a chance, however small, that he and Dean could have a future together after all …?
“Uhm, just water is fine, thanks.”
But the very thought of going back home - going back to Alastair - filled him with an overwhelming terror that made his stomach churn and the bile rise in his throat. Chances were that Alastair would kill him for leaving even if he had decided to come back in the end.
Tiny beads of sweat collected in the back of Dean’s neck and he had to force himself not to clench his hands into fists, because Alastair would almost definitely notice it and most definitely not like it. His heart rate kicked up another notch as he saw Alastair’s lips curl upwards ever so slightly in his peripheral vision.
Alastair would kill him.
Exactly six weeks after his nightly visit to Castiel and four weeks after the whipping Dean had another bad night. Alastair returned home from work in an exceptionally bad mood. For days now he had been having trouble at work, with a series of severe robberies keeping him on his toes. No matter what Dean did nothing could appease him.
His heart felt as if someone had pierced it with an ice pick. His muscles tensed as he tried to maintain a neutral expression. His hands curled into fists at his side and he suddenly had the overwhelming wish to punch something. No, not something. He wanted to punch someone, a certain someone, who was apparently just about to push his tongue into his husband’s mouth, a privilege he shouldn’t be allowed to have.
Now that he had seen Dean again, it was unbearable to see him leave again.
He copied the address of the music school into his phone and got off the couch, making a beeline for the front door. Shoshanna jumped off the couch to follow him, barking in surprise.
, he chided himself.
Momentarily dazed, Castiel watched as a pale thin boy around seventeen years old entered the stage from the side, followed by Dean. His Dean.
Dean was already at the end of the corridor.
His vision was filled with whiteness. It was so bright he could barely see anything and he had to shield his eyes with his hand to be able to go on.
Once again he blushed. “Uhm…thank you.”
But then Dean parted his lips, sighing into Castiel’s mouth and Castiel groaned, his tongue diving into the other man’s sweet mouth as he pushed him against the door, his fingers digging into the hard texture of his jeans.
Dean took a deep breath and finally looked at Castiel, his green eyes piercing into him imploringly. “I-it’s hard for me, I …. sorry.” As soon as he had uttered that word again, he closed his eyes and shook his head, as if he were disappointed with himself.
“Yes. You don’t know him. You don’t know how he can get.”
He managed to restrain himself from texting Dean for the next two days. Then he just couldn’t wait any longer. After wracking his brain all day at work on which words to write (it was really hard concentrating on his patients), he huddled himself into the corner of his couch after dinner with Shoshanna’s head in his lap and pulled out his phone nervously. He stared at the screen for a long time but still he hadn’t typed a single letter.
Fresh tears streamed down his face as he realized what he had been just a few thoughts away from doing and he fled the kitchen in a panic. He stumbled back a few seconds later to retrieve the knife from the floor and put it back into its place with shaking hands, so that Alastair would not suspect anything when he returned.
But this time, a new image found its way into his brain. The belt attacked his back in an exceptionally cruel lash when he suddenly thought of Castiel. Castiel’s face, with those stunning blue eyes that had so much warmth in them it nearly hurt to look at them. The soft mouth, the smooth skin, the way his skin wrinkled when he smiled. The way his beautiful eyes softened when they looked at him.
He was ready.
Suddenly, he wanted to scream, he wanted to run after Dean, shake him for frightening so and convince him to continue seeing each other. They could come up with a plan, they could deceive Alastair, it was doable! He wanted to scream in frustration at himself for simply making that promise to Dean. He should never have said that. It had been wrong to say it.
Dean shook his head as he pulled himself out of his memories and tried to concentrate on the pain in his head and face.
The morning of the ninth day was a Sunday. Alastair had left for a night shift the Saturday before and would return sometime in the afternoon. Dean had spent the morning cleaning the attic, knowing his husband almost never went there and wouldn’t notice the difference in cleanliness. He was just climbing down the ladder back down into the main house when he heard the door downstairs slam shut. Quickly, he went into their ensuite bathroom to check his appearance, washing his face to get the dust and spin webs out of his hair, quickly drying himself before jumping back into bed.
“Hey, beautiful, “he whispered as he knelt down next to her, stroking her back with genuine affection, which she accepted eagerly. “Stay here, would you?”
After putting all the plates and cutlery into the dishwasher he started to wash the items too big for the dishwasher in the sink. He felt himself relax as he slowly moved his hands in the hot water, and he started to hum to himself as he worked. He heard the people outside talking as the door to the backyard was open, but they weren’t loud enough to understand and he enjoyed the quiet after talking so much the past few hours, he enjoyed being by himself.
Castiel felt like a man drowning. Only the saccharine touch of Dean’s lips against his kept him alive and so he clung to him, fighting for his life. He raised his hands to take Dean’s face into both his hands, forcing himself to go slower.
Maybe he had been wrong.
There was a middle-aged woman working at a desk in a transparent office with Plexiglas windows, obviously she was the secretary and she smiled at him as he knocked on the windows in unnecessary politeness.
Only it wasn’t a man.
Castiel nodded and tried not to think about the almost professional way, Dean was able to diagnose himself. He was so used to receiving injuries, that he knew how to catalog them and how to estimate the danger coming from them. It was depressing to think about that, so he stopped himself.
“Okay.”
Dean finally looked up and Castiel’s heart nearly stopped at the pain in Dean’s eyes. There were tears glistening in them and he seemed so broken, so torn up inside at this moment, that Castiel wanted to pull him into his arms and just hold him tight. He wanted to make that pain disappear and let him forget that anything bad had ever happened to him.
Shoshanna who lay on the ground in front of the couch seemed to sense his increasing despair as she suddenly leapt up and laid her head on his lap, whining softly. He absently stroked her, and she nuzzled into his hand, but he was barely registering it for he was lost somewhere in his head.
“Nonsense, Dean!”
They stared at each other silently for a few seconds until Castiel finally tilted his head to the side with a nervous chuckle.
Because he couldn’t get himself to move, he tried to catalogue his injuries, to distract himself.
He started his Monday morning with much less anxiety than before.
A sudden thought entered his mind and he made a decision.
Dean shook his head and Castiel thought he looked quite sad when he said “He just doesn’t like dogs that much. Says they cause too much dirt and they cost too much, what with the regular veterinary appointments and illnesses and such.”
“Yes, Sir, I know.” Dean said with a trembling voice.
“Then stand up and present yourself.”
Something changed in Alastair’s eyes, his forehead smoothed, and he leaned down to place a curt kiss on Deans lips. “Good.”
The first lash came and struck down on the bare flesh of his lower back. The belt’s tip was rough and hard, and it hurt. Dean bit his lip to stop himself from making any noise, but his face twisted in pain.
He stood there, his face a deathly pallor, his green jacket open, dark-red stains of blood all over it, and he was looking at Castiel wide-eyed, stunned, as if he was a ghost. His hand was raised to his mouth as if he was trying to hold back any inappropriate sounds or words he might make.
“Hmmmm.” Castiel seemed to be really tired - or he simply was a heavy sleeper - because he accepted Dean’s statement and slept on, accepting the emptiness next to him and it gave Dean a slight sting, stupid as it was.
“You can’t just run around like a headless chicken and hope you’ll meet him by chance, “Charlie said and they both grinned. “You have to initiate something. I suggest you throw a party. You have to throw one anyway for all the neighbours here so you could just kill two birds with one stone and get to know Dean a little better.”
“Oh.” Charlie’s shoulders slumped down. “Well, that’s a bummer.”
graphic violence and dubcon!
But it couldn’t.
“That was quick. I told you, you could take your time and say goodbye to all the people you needed to. There was no need to hurry.”
“Please welcome, ladies and gentlemen, Kyle Holden at the piano and Dean Christensen at the microphone.”
He wanted to ask why Dean was here. He wanted to go over to the Christensen’s house and rip Alastair’s throat out. He wanted to let out a scream of joy that Dean had found the courage to come here, to him, seeking refuge, after what Alastair had done to him. Had he fled in a hurry? Would Alastair turn up at his doorstep, angry and demanding that Dean come home with him?
Dean shrugged and avoided looking at Castiel. “Maybe. But still, I can’t leave him.”
“I love you, baby.”
Right now it didn’t look like that would happen anytime soon.
Castiel pondered for a moment. He had planned on being alone and moping around all day, not really in the mood for the presence of another human being. But the prospect of having Charlie here with him, having someone he could talk to about his situation really seemed alluring, so he quickly replied before he could change his mind.
Dean’s eyes were glistening, but he nodded once. “I believe you, “he whispered.
Dean’s mouth closed in grim determination as he tried to steel himself, but then another thought entered his mind.
“Heya, “Angel”, Charlie grinned, and she hugged him tight. “Let’s get this party started.”
He quickly typed back an answer.
But instead of hurling himself at the hateful man he finally found the documents and handed them over through the window. Alastair took them with gloved hands. He studied them very meticulously – and Castiel got the feeling he was being provoked very intentionally, which only caused his anger to hitch up a notch, when Alastair spoke again.
“Thanks.” His voice sounded small.
“Do you…” Castiel hesitated. He didn’t want to frighten the other man, but he voiced his proposition nevertheless before he could lose his nerve.“Do you want to sleep in my bed?”
“Hey, cutie pie, the onions don’t cut themselves, you know, “Gabriel chirped right into his ear, pulling him out of his thoughts and Castiel shoved him away, laughing.
“Didn’t I also see you yesterday?” he asked in a quiet voice. “At the concert? Where my husband performed?”
“Oh, don’t tease him, Gabriel, “their mother admonished. “Castiel will do just fine.” Her face fell a little bit. “I’m just so sad that we won’t get to see you so often anymore…”
Dean’s lips parted as he hesitated to voice something on his mind and he blushed, the soft red tint mixing with the darker crimson of the ugly bruise on his cheekbone. Castiel tilted his head to the side in a silent question.
He made a pause, frightened to continue under the piercing gaze of his husband.
“Come on then, honey. Let’s sit in the backyard. I’ll get us some coffee.”
- who loved him but now led a totally different life than him. A life that was okay without Dean in it. Sam didn’t need him. He would be sad about Dean’s loss, but he would get over it quickly. Dean was sure.
Suddenly he didn’t feel so light anymore like he had felt before he had visited the Christensen’s. Suddenly his heart was filled with an intense sadness he couldn’t explain to himself.
“You couldn’t have known that Alastair would overreact like that! You knew he was jealous, but you didn’t know he would go so far as to beat a man like that!”
“There you are, “he said with a small glance at him, “you ready to come to bed?” He was slurring his words a little bit, still drunk after all the alcohol he had consumed and Dean knew that he would fall asleep soon.
Now he had tasted the sweet sweet taste of a different life. The promise of a life in which he would be with Castiel. Castiel, who was like an angel, holding the promise of a different life in his hands, offering it to him with a warm smile on his lips. A life in which there was no pain and no terror and no loneliness. A life in which he was caressed instead of beaten, comforted instead of scolded, kissed lovingly instead of taken hard with impatient force.
They talked about a few ideas for the barbecue and Castiel felt himself relax. At one point he jumped about and ran around with Shoshanna, wrestling with her in the grass while Charlie cheered them on.
you to believe me. I….”
One and a half hours later, he found himself loading the trunk of his car with not only a brand new lawn mower but also a new set of pruning shears, a new shovel and three different coloured watering cans because they had been on sale and the sales assistant had been very convincing. To tell the truth, Castiel was just frustrated with everything and everyone around him and spending money on all of this somehow had seemed a good idea to make the bad feelings all go away.
After he had somehow managed to calm down, he relaxed his face into a slightly forced smile and got out of the car. His hands were shaking when he tried to open the door with his keys, in fact they were shaking so badly that they keys slipped out of his fingers. Just as he stopped down to retrieve them, the door opened.
Balancing all these things in his hands, he made his way back to the living room and registered with relief that Dean had not moved from his position on the couch. He was sitting there with his head hung down, looking like a person who had resigned himself to whatever happened to him now, not yet completely trusting, but not panicked anymore either.
“I’ve got to go, Castiel.”
But then his thoughts wandered off, and he found himself thinking of Dean yet again. Beautiful, mesmerizing, gentle, shy Dean. His neighbour with the incredible sea green eyes that seemed to haunt him even now although the last time he had looked at them had been from a point far away at the end of the hall ….
Alastair seemed satisfied with that answer. “Ah yes, I indulge you far too rarely it seems. Then again, you’d have to earn the right for these kinds of favours and tonight I don’t think this was the case, unfortunately.”
She let out an exasperated sigh. “Oh, come on, Castiel, you’re far from being calm!”
“The thing is...I don’t think that dog belongs to anyone because he didn’t have a collar. But...I can’t take him home with me. I would if I could, I would love to, but...you know, Alastair doesn’t like dogs.”
When he had had his fill of air, he slumped forward, holding himself upright by the sink, his head hanging low as he tried to calm down. His sweatpants were still pooled on the ground between his legs, his ass was still bare and his husband’s semen was trickling out of him down his trembling legs.
“Dean, what’s going on?” he asked, grabbing Dean’s arm without thinking, and he cursed inwardly when the other man flinched underneath his touch. “Sorry!” He let go of him as if he had burnt himself, and Dean immediately inhaled with relief.
“I promise, I’ll try to come and visit at least once every two months, Mom, “Castiel sat next to her on the bench she sat on and put his arm around her shoulder. “I’ll miss you guys a lot, I know that already. It’ll be hard not having you nearby.”
“That’s interesting, “Castiel chipped in, “what did you specialize in?”
Her expression had changed, and she looked less happy now, concerned but he was probably just imagining that. He opened the door and turned to her.
“Alright, “Castiel said eventually and he drew a weary hand through his hair, “could you turn to your side now? I need to take a look at your back.”
He sighed internally, realizing that he would have to give them some sort of explanation for what had just happened.
“You’re the one who brought the dog in?” Castiel asked excitedly. “You found him?”
But thinking of these things had not really helped blocking out the pain Alastair was making him feel. Sometimes he managed to ‘go away’ for a few seconds, but he was always jolted back into the harsh reality very quickly.
For a few seconds, he just sat there, dumbstruck as he toyed with the idea of driving straight to Castiel’s. It was so incredibly tempting, it almost hurt. He could practically hear Castiel’s surprised voice when he greeted Dean with the hurt dog in his arms, could imagine him pulling him into a tight embrace, his wonderful soft hands stroking Dean’s back.
As soon as she saw him her eyes widened in distress and she raised her hands defensively, palms up, as he opened his mouth to speak.
A click and the little night lamp on the nightstand was turned on. Alastair looked up at him and there was a strange, contemplative look on his face as he examined Dean from head to toe. Dean swallowed under the scrutiny but straightened himself up once more and waited.
He jerked awake and was confused at first because the lights had been dimmed and the curtains closed. It was almost completely dark in the room and he started to think he was still dreaming.
*Warning for graphic violence and dub-con.
The note in hand, he made his way to his car at the end of the street, pulling out his phone as he did so. He wasn’t really in the mood to talk to a stranger, but he thought he’d best get it over with so he could enjoy his evening in peace. He dialed the number and waited for someone to pick up.
“Cas, “Dean whispered and he covered Castiel’s hand cupping his face with his own, tenderly stroking it with his thumb in spite of what he was saying. “I can’t do this. It’s not right, I….”
“No, mom, please sit. Me and Gabe will handle it, right Gabe?” Castiel threw a pointed look at his brother who smirked but stood up to help Castiel with the dishes without complaining.
“Does it hurt much?”
Castiel thought it was a little unusual that they were having a concert at this time of day at the gym. But then again, it was at the high school’s gym, so the performers would be kids trying to show off in front of their families. Why were Charlie and Jo there though? They didn’t have any kids, why would they be interested in a high school concert?
He nodded and waved as he stepped outside on the street again, Shoshanna right beside him. He walked the few meters to his house with a huge smile on his face.
It was very cold, he realized as he exhaled shakily, his breath condensing into a small, misty cloud before his eyes. He would almost certainly freeze to death if he just stayed here, maybe even take his jacket off. Nobody knew where he was. Even if Alastair woke and found his note he didn’t know where he was and it was possible that he wouldn’t find him until morning. He could be dead and cold by then.
Dean tried to hide it, but one look at his face confirmed everything. Something snapped inside Castiel and a growling yell escaped his throat as he punched his fist into the earth next to him, making Dean flinch violently.
Shoshanna curled up at Dean’s feet underneath the couch, as if trying to give him comfort and moral support that way, and Castiel smiled, as he saw Dean’s lips twitch in an almost-smile as he looked at her.
Alastair kicked him in the stomach, and he groaned as he doubled over.
“Castiel.” Her face was full of disapproval and for one second, he was inclined to stay and tell her everything about Dean and the whole damned dilemma they were in. But that moment quickly vanished, and he was suddenly very eager to get drunk and forget all about his stupid love life – or lack of it – for just one evening.
A pang of rage churned in Castiel’s chest and he turned around abruptly, forcing himself to take a few deep breaths through his nose and exhale slowly through his mouth. After a few seconds, the red haze cleared, and he felt he could breathe a little easier.
“Don’t be.” Castiel hurried to say. “I like it.” And he actually managed to wink at Dean as if was totally cool and smooth instead of on the verge of a heart attack because of what had happened. He saw the small look of surprise on Dean’s face as he turned, and he walked towards the fruits and vegetables section with a big grin on his face. He chose an apple and went to pay for his lunch. On the short way back to work the smile just wouldn’t leave his face.
“No, it’s not too late. Only half-past 8.”
“So how could you have known?” Castiel was growing agitated, too.
It was one of Castiel’s favourite songs. He loved Simon and Garfunkel, and this was one of the songs he treasured most. It conveyed such a beautiful concept of friendship and love. It almost always managed to drive tears into his eyes when he was listening to it when he was indeed feeling down, and he always felt comforted afterwards. What a strange coincidence that Dean was singing this song right here, right now.
Castiel’s face lit up with a huge smile and he let out a big breath of relief.
Nodding to himself, he sent a quick text to Charlie and immediately got a reply back, with the promise to call Dean first thing in the morning. Still feeling utterly miserable – because how could that be enough, it still wasn’t worth much – Castiel dropped his head back onto the pillows and tried to resign himself to sleep.
“Well, go knock on their door and find out for us, will ya, Castiel?” Jo said and she smirked at him.
Dean hummed in agreement and Alastair pressed a soft kiss onto the top of his head.
Alastair stood motionless in front of him for a second. Then he took off the sunglasses and squinted at him, studying him with a furrowed brow.
“Hi, “Castiel said and he spontaneously waved his hand at her instead of shaking her hand as he had intended to, “I’m Castiel, your new next-door neighbour. I just moved in and wanted to introduce myself. I brought cookies.” He lifted his cookie basket.
When he woke up in the morning after Dean had so unexpectedly come to him, just to discover that Dean was gone, he had completely lost it. He had screamed his name, as he scrambled out of the bed, panic crushing down on him, choking him. Struggling to keep calm, he had searched the whole house, and then the garden, still dressed in his pajamas, in the hopes of discovering Dean sitting on his porch, enjoying the early morning sun, laughing at him in surprise at his excessive concern.
“Dean!” he called out desperately. “Wait!”
For a few minutes, Dean stayed silent, staring at his fumbling hands in his lap as he tried to work up the courage to answer Castiel.
“Yes, thank you, “Dean smiled, and they sat down at the kitchen table opposite each other. Castiel opened the bottle of wine and filled two glasses for them.
“Ooookay, then, “she said as he bit into his sandwich, “enjoy your lunch then. Hey, what did you think of Merlin, the cat with the ear infection? Don’t you also think his lady owner is a little bitchy?”
There had been only one time before when Dean had been desperate enough to leave the house and seek refuge at a neighbor’s house, back when they still had been in Portland. Alastair had beaten him with the belt as usual, but that time he had been drunk and had lost control of himself. He had gone completely ballistic, screaming at Dean for his disobedience, belting him over the head and his back without counting until Dean had been nothing more than a trembling, limp form on the ground. He had finally calmed down then. Mrs. Hill from next door had been terrified when he had turned up at her door and she had begged him to call the police as well as an ambulance. He had regretted his decision to come to her right there and then, had allowed her to clean his face, and then Alastair had come to collect him.
His eyes flicked over to hers and he saw that she still seemed uncertain but didn’t want to press him anymore.
Dean let himself be pulled up from the couch and he winced as his ribs protested against the upright position. Castiel resolved that he would try and convince Dean to let him take a look at them as soon as he was settled in bed.
It had felt good so he had pushed over one of the nearby living room chairs, followed by one of the smaller bookcases, making all the books spill out onto the floor. It was utter chaos and Castiel ended up on his knees in the middle of it, on the floor, clutching at his chest as it was getting hard to breathe. Hot tears burned behind his eyes, a feeling of sheer helplessness pulsing through him, devouring him. He wanted to hit something. Smash his fist into something hard, make himself bleed. Maybe the pain would lessen the agony tormenting him from inside. Maybe it would relieve him of the anguish gnawing at him, eating away at him, laying bare the guilt and the fear and the grief beneath.
“Castiel, why did you take so long? Did you have trouble finding the store?” she asked.
If he thought it had been bad before, during all those months in which he hadn’t seen Dean, he had not been prepared for a time in which he couldn’t see him but now knew how it felt to be close to him. Sleep next to him. Be kissed by him.
Finally, he was alone with his thoughts. It was the first time since he had left Castiel in the woods, that he was by himself, that he could allow himself to think of him.
Huge black wings spread wide behind the heavenly creature’s back and Dean was struck by its holy light.
“I-I didn’t…”
“He’s convinced Alastair will come after me if he catches us meeting. That I will end up in the hospital just like his friend. So he said we couldn’t be friends.” He looked up at Charlie, then he sensed the tears welling up in his eyes. Ashamed, he tried to wipe them away, but they just kept on flowing. “He did it for me, Charlie. He did it so I would be protected. But he’s the one getting hurt by that bastard. And he’s the one who’ll keep getting hurt and there’s nothing I can do about it.” His voice broke and he couldn’t stifle the sob that escaped his lips which was when he was softly pulled into Charlie’s arms.
Fear crept up inside Dean’s chest and he was sure he was just short of breaking into a full-blown tremor. He resisted the urge to clench his hands into fists and he swallowed because suddenly his mouth was dry, and his throat felt sticky. Oxygen seemed unwilling to fill his lungs and he broke into a sweat as he desperately tried to breathe normally while he answered his husbands probing questions.
He sighed before he fixed Dean with a worried, but stern gaze.
He missed that. Spending time with his siblings, as complicated and tedious as they could be sometimes. They had been close as children, and in some way or the other, they still were, even if they barely saw each other anymore.
Dean’s smile was gone as quickly as it had appeared, his eyes dropping back to the floor, and Castiel’s own smile vanished when he saw it. He would do anything to make that smile reappear on that lovely, beautiful face. He swallowed, trying to say something appropriate, something that made sense - but his mind seemed unable to form a coherent sentence.
But just as he endeavoured to take a second step, someone bumped into him, hard, and things spilled out of a handbag onto the floor.
While dinner was baking in the oven, he cleaned up the kitchen, then gave his plants some water, and quickly cleaned his bathroom. He might as well do something useful with his time. It was better to give his hands something to do and delay the brooding until later, when he was all full and satisfied, with no growling stomach adding to the irritation still burning underneath his skin.
Dean exhaled in relief. Although there was a slight tremble in his hands, and he was swallowing heavily, as if he wasn’t feeling quite alright.
But he was so rough and unforgiving when he was like this and every time he used him like this it was as if a small part inside of him died.
Dean finally raised his head again and looked into Castiel’s eyes. Castiel was shocked to see tears shimmer in Dean’s green ones. Dean seemed to fight hard so they wouldn’t fall, he was breathing heavily, and his lips were pressed together tightly.
“Dean!”
“Charlie, what’s going on?” He tried to speak normally but found himself unable to, he almost sounded hysterical. “What are you doing here, why are you at one of Dean’s performances? Why do I know nothing about this?”
Dean couldn’t escape the pained wail that escaped his throat, but Alastair didn’t seem to hear it. He was already lost in physical pleasures and he was moaning and growling as he pounded into Dean, increasing his speed by the second. Dean’s breath was coming out in tiny, distressed puffs. This was going too fast for him and he desperately wanted to ask Alastair to slow down but he didn’t dare.
“You only work part-time, and you have a big house now, with a garden and lots of beautiful nature around. There should be no problem owning a dog now, right?” He raised his eyebrows questioningly and Dean ducked his head a little.
The words hang in the air between them and Castiel willed himself to look up into Dean’s face. He saw the other man’s desperation and he knew it was over.
“Fucking liar!”
//////
His breath hitched as the image of Dean forced itself into his mind:  Dean smiling at him with his iridescent, green eyes and his quivering cupid’s bows lips, uncertainty in his look but also an unmistakable kind of longing, searching in Castiel’s face for something he desperately needed but couldn’t be allowed to have ...
“You’re exhausted, “Castiel realized, seeing that Dean’s eyes were already at half-mast. “You need to get some sleep.”
“What about?” he asked patiently.
“No!”
Castiel smiled. “Oh, it’s nothing. Just a little breathing exercise to calm you down. I’ve learned it at college in a seminar about psychosomatic medicine. It’s very simple but quite effective.”
“Tell me, Dean, “Castiel murmured, as he pulled even closer, his eyes piercing into Dean’s with sincere despair, “did you not like staying with me all those weeks ago, even if it was only for one night? Did you not feel safe with me? Protected?”
It had been a great first day. There had been many interesting cases and he enjoyed consulting with Alex over them. He felt good working with the animals and calming their owners – he was good at what he was doing, Alex confirmed it too.
Alastair collapsed on top of him, and Dean winced under the sudden weight, although thankfully, his husband was considerate enough to not fall onto his back instead settling his upper body next to Dean, his lower body still covering Dean’s.
Castiel didn’t know how to explain his situation without embarrassing himself but he also felt the need to confide in someone, so he decided to just spill the beans.
A few wobbly steps later found him in front of the living room mirror.
“I look forward to seeing you again, Dean, “Castiel said as firmly as he could so Dean would believe it. It seemed to get the message through because Dean’s eyes lit up a bit before he simply nodded and left.
“Alright, “Dean answered quietly. He looked extremely tired and Castiel knew he needed to get some sleep as fast as possible.
They lay like that for a while, panting heavily, until Alastair got up to get some cloths to clean themselves as well as the sheets. Afterwards, Dean also tried to get up, but Alastair stopped him with.
“Dean?”
Castiel wanted to respond. He wanted to tell Dean that he didn’t need to thank him for anything, that he was more than welcome, and that Castiel was the one who should be thanking Dean for putting his trust in him. Yet he found himself unable to say anything, the words stuck in his throat, the very recent memory of Dean’s lips against his own almost too much to take in. He felt as if his brain had short-circuited, rendering him disoriented and sluggish: a drowning man who had been pulled out of the water, gasping helplessly as he coughed out the fluids from his aching lungs, unable to comprehend he finally had been saved.
He pressed his hand to his mouth, wide eyes directed at Castiel. “He would know that I went here, he would find out that you are working here and…” His breathing was quick and shallow, increasing distress radiating off of him and Castiel was by his side in an instant, grasping his shoulder and squeezing soothingly.
On the way to the school he tried not to think about Dean and how he was ignoring his request to not meet again and focussed on the radio reporter instead, telling him something about weather, sports and politics.
“Come here, beautiful, “he said and without further ado, he pushed his hands underneath the beaten body, murmuring his apologies. The dog whined pitifully but did not resist him. It wasn’t very heavy, but his ribs and wrist still protested after all those weeks and he settled the dog into his arms with difficulty, not caring about the blood and dirt staining his jacket and jeans.
The reply came instantaneously.
Of course, he wasn’t able to fall asleep until the middle of the night. Sleep was a fickle thing.
„I know, Mom, that’s why I bought it. “Castiel Novak smiled and took his mother’s hand into his as she stepped outside his new property to admire its beautiful entrance, a stony path embedded by many kinds of flowers, leading to the wooden door which itself was enclosed by thick layers of common ivy.
It was perfect. He would spend his Saturday morning doing his shopping and laundry and all the other household chores and would go to work in the evening until Sunday morning. He would sleep a few hours, leaving him with much less time until he had to get to work at the practice to get miserable again. Charlie and Jo would not hesitate to take Shoshanna in while he was away for the night - they had already offered to take her should Castiel feel the need to take some time off, have a change of scenery, away from Medford.
“Really?” Alastair’s voice sounded casual, almost disinterested. As if he was only making light conversation, as if he were barely listening, his attention focussed on the show they were watching. As if he didn’t notice the tension in Dean’s body beneath him.
His legs bouncing nervously, Dean stared into his lap as he fumbled with his hands. It was obvious that he was uncomfortable with the situation, that he couldn’t bear looking at Castiel. The silence stretched out between them and Castiel hesitated, uncertain if he should wait for Dean to say something or if it would be better to initiate a conversation himself.
Anyway, I really hope you liked it.
She did. “I suggest you try to meet him again. Talk to him. Maybe when his macho husband isn’t anywhere near, of course.”
Dean knew this turned his husband on and so he started to thrust backwards slightly to match Alastair’s movements.
“Absolutely not, “Castiel exclaimed. “Okay, this has to stop. Come here and sit down.” He took Dean’s hand and pulled him towards the couch on the other side of the room, ignoring Dean’s feeble resistance. “Please, sit down, “he repeated in a firm voice and Dean did as he was told. Castiel sat next to him and took his hands. They were shaking.
“Yeah, “Dean mumbled, relaxing again. “Later would be good.”
“Dean, stop it, “he said firmly, and he put his right hand on Dean’s shoulder. Dean froze instantly but Castiel didn’t let go. He wanted Dean to know his touch was no danger to him, no threat. So he just stood behind Dean with his hand on his shoulder.
After Dean had downed the pill without hesitation, Castiel leaned forward and pressed the second cold compression to his injured wrist.
“Are you okay?” Castiel asked worriedly as he gave Dean a quick once-over. He seemed to be fine apart from being startled.
“I’ve decided to take another job,“ he blurted out, still clinging to Dean as if he was afraid that he would disappear into thin air. “I needed to distract myself because I was going crazy, being worried about you all the time.”
“It’s past midnight, Dean.”
He looked at her in feigned surprise. “What do you mean?”
Alastair inevitably started noticing his descent into depression and Dean got very nervous when he became aware of his husband’s wary glance in his direction one evening when he did not hear Alastair addressing him, having drifted off once again. But he didn’t know how to change.
“This is heaven, “he said with conviction as he first tasted the quiche. “Can you give me the recipe?”
Down down down the rabbit hole….
He laughed and called over his shoulder: “Alright, see you tomorrow then.”
The easiest way to do that was by giving him sex. After the afternoon of his punishment, Alastair gave him four days of rest, then he started sending out simple signals. Dean almost sighed with relief when he realized because this was easy. This he could do.
I am so, so sorry for updating so late. I've been busy with exams and lots of other stuff. But I never forgot this story, I was just so caught up in everything else..
“The last time I liked someone he ended up in the hospital.”
“No, Cas, “he pleaded, eyes nervously flitting up to Castiel’s face, then quickly back down again. “Please. Don’t come closer.” His chest was heaving as he tried to keep his breathing under control. Castiel remained where he was, his heart hammering in his chest, as he desperately tried to think of something that would make Dean stay.
Castiel shook beautiful Dean’s hand and couldn’t help but stare again. It was as if electricity was running through his body from the point where their two hands met. It reached right into his muscles and he actually felt his knees going weak.
“That’s a good boy.”
“Sure, sure, “Castiel chuckled, happy that he made Dean happy with something so simple as food.
“Oh…oh, yes of course.” Dean stumbled over his words again and blushed some more. Castiel’s heart fluttered. “Thank you, that is so nice of you.”
He snorted and looked away, towards the huge window with the beautiful view into Charlie and Jo’s huge garden. “I really don’t know why we’re talking about this now.”
This was what he knew. The darkness and the pain. The loneliness and the emptiness. It had been his life before, it would simply remain that way. There was no reason to be afraid.
He stepped forward, leaned down and kissed her on the cheek.
“Right, alright, you’re right, I’m sorry, “she babbled at once. “You’re just making me a bit nervous here with all your growling, so excuse me if I’m trying to distract you with some innocent humour to lighten up the mood. I’m not keen on you tearing me into pieces, you know.”
“I will not tolerate behaviour like this, Dean! Do you understand? Tell me you understand!” Alastair was almost seething with barely controlled fury now and Dean knew this was the point where he was the most dangerous.
“Castiel? What are you doing here?” he asked nervously and Castiel noticed he took a step back, at once putting some distance in between them.
And just like that, he was dropped. He sank back onto the floor and watched in disbelief as Alastair suddenly withdrew, stepping away from him quickly as if he couldn’t bear to be near him anymore.
So why was he feeling so nervous now?
Sure enough, Dean had reached a decision.
His hands were wandering down now, to the waistband of Dean’s black briefs and Dean tensed when one hand slipped inside to stroke the skin there.
Alastair studied him and he seemed doubtful. When Castiel didn’t do or say anything after all, he stepped back, and his face changed back into something else.
“Dean.” He tried to sound calm.
“Dean, calm down, “he said, trying to hide the relief in his voice, “it’s alright, you’re not that late.”
“Yes, I do, “Dean said, and he looked up at him, the ice pack pressed against his bruised cheek, obvious gratitude in his still brimming eyes. “Thanks, Castiel.”
Castiel tried to say something, too, but there was a heavy lump in his throat and no matter how often he swallowed, it wouldn’t go away.
On the way home he was once more lost in his thoughts. He barely registered Jodie Mills and her daughters greeting him a he passed them by on their way from school and only gave them a polite smile. He also nearly got run over by a man on a bike he didn’t see and was rewarded with angry curses thrown after him, so he apologized quickly and took off, trying to concentrate more on the environment, but failing as he was once again thinking of Dean.
“Shhhh, “Alastair soothed as he held him and stroked him. “It’s alright, baby. Cry yourself out, you’ll feel better afterward. But be aware that I have forgiven you for your trespassing. You will learn from this and not make the same mistake again. I am sorry that you are hurting. Tomorrow you will call at work in sick, stay home for a few weeks, allow yourself to heal. Shhh, baby, calm down. I love you.”
Without thinking he reached out and cupped Dean’s face. When he felt Dean lean into his touch, he stroked his thumb down the side of his face, gently massaging the soft skin and mindful not to brush against the blooming bruises on his cheekbone and chin.
Castiel was shocked. “Dean. It’s only a few drops, please sit down again, I’ll take care of it.”
So Castiel broke down. He punched his fist into a tree next to him a few times and then he collapsed onto the ground as he let out another angry yell. A single angry tear rolled down his face and he was struggling for air like a man drowning. His chest hurt.
His arms were screaming with exhaustion, his trembling legs were barely able to move. Yet he climbed the mountain. The monsters were coming.
He caught himself. He had to gather his wits now or Alastair would be up to him. He could be here any second now and Dean wanted it to be over as quick as possible. He wanted to lie down in their familiar bed and go to sleep, forget this night had ever happened because he would never have something beautiful like this ever again. He would never lie in Castiel’s arm again. Never kiss him again.
“Okay, “Castiel said slowly, “well, if you say so. I’ve just changed them two days ago, so they shouldn’t be too bad. Here, let me get some clothes for you for the night.”He walked to his wardrobe and pulled out an old t-shirt and some loose cotton slacks.
Castiel refused to be bullied into submission and he raised his chin in obvious defiance. “I think I was, “he spat out coldly.
Castiel was a warm and strong presence behind him and Dean imagined they were a regular couple, lying in the bed they shared together each day. Both of them would have a side on the bed they preferred. They would sleep late on Sundays, arguing who would have to go outside to the bakery to get fresh croissants. Then they would have breakfast in bed, feed each other with pieces of fruit and croissants with strawberry jam, scolding each other when they got crumbs in the bed. One of them would start to tickle the other, and then the other would wrestle him down, pretending to smother him with a pillow until they gave up the fighting in favor of kissing. They would stay in bed the whole day and they would forget everything and everyone around them. It would be simply perfect.
