And then he lost Mary - for all her faults, she had been a confident mother; but it meant the responsibility for Rosie’s future weighed heavily on him. Just John Watson. What did he know about parenting, with his family life growing up? How to duck a swing, hide a bruise, act like everything was peachy. How to hate his old man, that fucking bastard. What could he teach Rosie of that?
“Have you been here long?” John stepped over to the bed and slipped off his trainers, exchanging them for the comfortable slippers placed ready on the floor.
Sherlock’s reflection was blinking rapidly, turned a bit away from John. Long fingers bumped his, searching, then tangled tightly. “Thank you,” he said, so quietly as to be barely audible.
Then Spike, splattered with gore, rose from his victim to face the two men left in the room. “I’ve done it again, now. Killed someone,” he said woodenly, holding up the dripping knife.
Sherlock’s mind was roaring with sensations, suddenly inundated with waves of input from multiple sources. John’s hand, stroking his cock up and down, incredibly sensitive nerve endings sending fireworks up his spine and down to pool in his balls. John’s agile mouth, teasing the thin skin of this throat, then biting and sucking, Sherlock’s head arching back to push into the feeling. He’d have a mark there, he thought, and felt a fierce gladness to be given such a physical reminder of how John wanted him.
Waited until Sherlock roused himself enough to open his eyes, about to impatiently demand his lover get on with it; then nudged just the tip of his penis into Sherlock’s body. The expression on John’s face arrested Sherlock’s testy words, eyes widening as the serenity and adoration on his partner’s face registered. “...John?” he whispered.
Sherlock gasped in a startled breath through his nose and held utterly still, lips pressed to John’s, eyes widened in surprise. John could see them because his own were open too, shocked at his own action.
“Erm, just a misunderstanding, sir.” John said. “Nothing to worry about, we’re all settled now.”
The news sites were full of puff pieces about celebrities’ dogs and political scandal. Nothing interesting presented itself to capture his attention. Dull. Banal. Tedious. His email was overrun with lost jewelry, spouses-with-overly-friendly-secretaries, and one cat. A lost cat! Is this what his international reputation had earned him? He narrowed his eyes at the photo of a disgruntled, squash-faced Persian that a hopeful prospect had sent him and canceled out of his email in disgust.
After a minute by his watch, John took Sherlock's hand, merely holding it in both of his. The room stilled, muted sounds of the street below filtering in with the dusty sunlight. John looked at the hand he held. The fingers were long and thin, the bones and musculature clearly visible beneath the skin. The nails were neatly clipped short, and clean underneath. John had seen this hand bruised and scraped from scrambling over rooftops, dusted with powder from exam gloves at crime scenes, and stained with chemicals in the lab. Not today. He turned the hand over and laid it across his palm, contemplating it for itself rather than as a part of his friend. A strong hand, yes, but pale, smooth and soft. A scholar's hand, or a musician's - no rough callouses from manual labor or weather. Except at the fingertips: callouses there, from violin strings. He brushed one with his blunt finger, then a second, and found his gaze arrested by the contrast of his weathered hand against the elegant one he held.
His phone trumpeted from the depths of the chair where he had thrown it, and he rolled off the sofa to snag it again. Probably Irene rubbing it in, but he couldn’t help the sliver of hope that John had relented and was arranging to see him before the show began. His fingers tingled as he opened the text.
“What the HELL is going on here?” he yelled in his best ‘stop the squaddies in their tracks for a well-deserved bollocking’ voice. “Sherlock, what are you shouting about? Why is everyone going through my things? Nurse Jones, Nurse Savage, those are my drawers, I’ll thank you to put my pants back in them.” He stood with arms crossed on his chest, tightly-leashed anger clear on his face as those named looked abashed and traded wide-eyed looks.
Sighing philosophically, he dug into the drawer where he kept his mobile, wondering if Sherlock had a case today. Indeed, there was a text, but not a case.
"Sorry?" John replied.
“Need tea,” John said, heading for the kettle. Sherlock can’t help but watch him go; that new jacket of John’s offers an unobstructed view that Sherlock has been keenly interested in lately. From a strictly aesthetic standpoint, of course – Sherlock is interested in anything new about John. John fills the kettle and flicks it on, raising an eyebrow inquiringly and smiling. “Something you needed?”
Well then, one more thing to report to Duck in the morning.
As he skidded to a stop, he uttered a yelp of surprise and chagrin at almost crashing into her. John shook his head to clear the cobwebs, and stammered an apology, asking if she was alright.
“John,” he gasped, when they had to come up for air, “I want –“ he slid a hand down John’s sternum and onward, following the thin line of hair that led to a soft belly and further. “Can I –“ long fingers tapped the button of John’s trousers tentatively.
He didn’t consider returning to his locum work as a doctor yet; he still hadn’t sorted out the tangled mess of his feelings about his loss of control and whether he could trust himself as a healer. Luckily the financial need wasn’t there, so he put it aside for a later day.
“I knew it then. The fear, the pain of losing someone I -” Sherlock averted his eyes, his voice coming more strangled as he continued. “I know what that feels like, now. And today you said, up on the building, that you had seen my brains out on the pavement once and out of nowhere it occurred to me that was what you must have felt that day at Bart’s, and perhaps even while I was gone.” John’s biceps were released, and he was gathered into Sherlock’s embrace and held tightly. “I didn’t really know, and,” he hitched a breath, then another. “I’m sorry.” His voice was thick and muffled from where he pressed his cheek against the top of John’s head.
Sherlock’s brow creased as he tried to work out what John was asking. Acting? Of course he was acting, that was the point of being fake boyfriends. It was an act. Where he finally got to do all the things he wished he could do all the time with John. And where he got to experience things like John’s hand in his hair, and John’s kisses, and a passionate embrace like he had never encountered in his life and during which he had barely kept control of himself. And he got to observe John in all sorts of new situations and behaviors and be impressed with his boyfriend-shamming skills, because he was an unexpectedly good actor - but he said he was not any sort of actor. At… all. Not acting, then…?
“You were in your Mum’s belly before you were born, too, sweetie,” Dr Harrington said. Rosie responded to the tone though John knew she probably didn’t know what was being said.
“I might. Have told her. We. Were together.” John gritted out from behind his hands, clearly expecting to be eviscerated for such stupidity. When the explosion didn’t immediately come, he peeked out between his fingers. “Sherlock?”
The two of them were backed into a corner by a matched pair of thick-necked thugs whose heavy eyebrows and low foreheads gave them a look of bestial menace. Equally threatening were the long knives they each held low and at the ready. John showed his open hands, trying to look harmless.
It started simple; a case, like a hundred other cases.
favor, or at least a free pass from taking the piss for a year - possibly two) He sent his friend a ‘be
Lestrade hung back to catch a word with John, brow creased in concern. “‘Is he really alright? I mean, what kind of experiment ends up with bruises like that, on your neck, even?”
“Marks from the helmet strap on his jaw, motorcycle boots under his uniform, wrist hurts from turning the throttle when he’s not used to it, and can’t stand still for more than a minute without adjusting his stance using a truly unfortunate amount of rear wiggling. Really John, you’re a doctor – shouldn’t you be the one telling me this?” John’s giggling was infectious, and Sherlock started to laugh, too. He found he couldn’t look back at the attendant without breaking out into chuckles again, and John couldn’t even see Sherlock look at the bloke without losing it.
John poked him. “Sherlock?”
he thought, and sank to the floor as his knees weakened.
“You don’t know anything about it, Stephen. Piss off!” Marjorie turned her back to John to hide her flaming cheeks.
John turned away and sat down on the bed, gaze firmly on his feet.
Instead, he could only look at Grey, searching for those little glimmers of the man beneath that so fascinated him. The Lady had done her job driving him mad with lust; now he needed to see his love. He wanted to see
John snorted. “Well, you’ll look bloody fantastic in it too, you prat. You’ll have to take off your coat,” John had come up next to Sherlock by the first vertical beam of several that made up the building’s skeleton, and held out the harness he had brought. “This won’t fit correctly over all that wool.”
A fair assumption based on past behavior, Sherlock acknowledged, but he couldn’t bring himself to do it now. His own temper deflated, and he sighed. “I think I could use that tea after all, and then you can tell me about it,” he offered.
John’s snort of irritation stirred Rosie’s blond curls, and she made a giggly little cooing sound and wriggled against his chest, pressing her face into the crook of his neck. He instinctively covered her back with his hand, feeling the pull of the IV cannula in his skin and grimacing at the pain. He switched hands, moving the IV one to her bottom with less pulling on the tubing, and supporting her back with his free hand. She seemed happy to settle there and rest with minimal fussing.
“Next door! Marjorie Penton, Stephen’s sister! Has she been to her room?”
John sat silently for a minute. “Yeah, I guess I am. She brought me Rosie, which - god - I’m amazed at every day. But our relationship was pretty crap and I don’t know how long it would have lasted, if she’d lived. Christ - her dying like that, in my arms, I couldn’t even treat her, I was so shocked. I’ve helped loads of people with gunshot wounds; soldiers I lived with day in and day out, even Sherlock when Mary shot him, and every time I was able to push the personal aside to do what had to be done. With her, all I could think was ‘So this is it? It’s ending like this?’ I froze, Duck, just watched as she slipped away.” John hadn’t noticed the tears starting, but he felt them, tickling as they slid over his cheeks. He wiped them away savagely and dropped his head into his hands. “I could have at least tried to save her - why didn’t I?”
The paramedics barreled up, sirens wailing, and assessed the situation as they broke out their gear. The two technicians spoke urgently back and forth, and John heard enough of their dialogue to realize their patient was in a bad way. “Lung collapsing,” said one, “Ribs likely broken,” said the other; “this arm is broken.” “Nose, too. Jaw possibly dislocated.” “Christ, check for internal injuries.” “Possible kidney rupture; looks like a kick.” “How many attacked him, did they say?” “Never mind, let’s get him to the A&E, right now!”
Ahead, an area was brightly lit with lamps on tripods, sectioned off with yellow crime scene tape. Sherlock hurried ahead, stepping easily over the tape with his long legs, and began carefully inspecting the ground all around. “John, come see where the body was,” he called, and John dutifully clambered over the tape and into the scene, careful to keep to the marked areas.
The next morning, Sherlock was there with Rosie in his arms, when John was released. They hadn’t discussed where John was going any further, rather they just both assumed he would be going there and proceeded with it as a given. Dr Harrington had come by very early, and was visibly pleased to hear that John had come around on the matter of continued inpatient treatment. She also was happy to meet Rosie, who eyed her round belly with amazement.
“Gary,” the tone Davies employed carried a cold threat, but the man was deep in his self-recriminations now, muttering about how he was sorry, he hadn’t meant to, please, he was so sorry. His about-face from tough guy to blubbering mess was so quick and so marked a change that John wondered if he had been using before they arrived. “Gary!” Davies shouted. “Get yourself together, you stupid cunt! We’ve got a problem here!”
He shook John a little in his earnestness. “I couldn’t know what it felt like, you see. I’d never lost anyone important, just my dog, as a child, and that was horrible and upsetting enough that I turned away from sentiment to avoid feeling like that ever again; I couldn’t cope with it. For the most part, it worked. But then you… in my arms, John, you…” his grip tightened, almost to the point of pain, and John brought his own hands up to grasp straining wrists, swiping his thumbs back and forth soothingly.
Marjorie’s smile took on a slightly feral cast. “Can I come watch?”
~~oOo~~
Oh, and the thing with the red honey really happened; the bees were going to a nearby maraschino cherry factory and sipping up the spilled syrup. Ain't life grand?
Jones and Fitzhugh did indeed suffer through their extra laps, and as if the gods wanted to weigh in as well, then went on to contract a debilitating bout of food poisoning just in time to miss the next match. John led the team to a solid win, even so. Marjorie attended every rugby match after that until John graduated.
They each relaxed their holds and widened the space between them preparatory to breaking apart, when John’s expression gained a sly twist. “This is practice, yeah?” Sherlock nodded. “Well then-“ John rose up on his toes, and pressed a quick, soft kiss to Sherlock’s lips. “Nothing to it, right?” He grinned as Sherlock’s eyebrows tried to crawl into his hairline. “I think we’ll be fine.”
“No. I’d prefer not to talk about it.”
Yes, alright, it was actually a 7 when he left and bumped up to a solid 8 or even a 9 when the third body came to light, and the killer’s methods both of murdering his victims and hiding his traces afterwards were unique and ingenious. Still, Sherlock’s intellectual enjoyment of the challenge was dampened by the absence of John. He kept noticing the empty space by his side on the crime scene; no deep, blue eyes across the table, hanging on his recounting of the chase; no dazzling, sexy entertainer blazing in the bright lights of a stage; no compact, muscular body tucked up against him, sleepy and sated, in his bed at night. No amount of texting (and sexting) or video chats could replace the real thing. Somehow, in the nine short months they had been together, John Watson had become necessary to Sherlock Holmes. A turn-up for the books, some might say, but Sherlock knew better; John was extraordinary and endlessly alluring, a one-man study in the contradictions of human nature.
The door shut after him, leaving behind a ringing quiet that John did not care to break. He realized his cheeks were a little fatigued with smiling; their conversation after dinner had been convivial and spirited. He was reminded of his early days with Sherlock, when everything the man did was new and amazing; truly his talent for noticing minutiae and determining incredible information about someone was unique and astonishing, even after all these years.
Sherlock paused, perhaps expecting John to have questions. John nodded yet again, then passively waited for him to resume talking; nothing he had said was a surprise, except perhaps that Sherlock had unbent enough to go to Mycroft for help.
A few minutes went by while John waited impatiently for further information.
“I want that." He sighed. "I’m so sick of being fucked up, you know? Feeling like I’m hanging on by my fingernails, faking it for my family so they won’t catch on. It’s fucking hateful, feeling like that all the time.” His hands clenched each other, flesh paling to white with his grip. Duck nodded, but said nothing.
Sounds were magnified in the sound-proofed room, so Sherlock’s getting up from the stool seemed to fill the space with the susurrus of shifting fabric. He came to stand in front of John, close enough that John felt the breath on his hairline.
John had snapped out of the abstracted stare where his unpleasant thoughts had led him as his carton of dumplings was taken out of his hands and set aside. Next he was drawn to his feet by large, warm hands, and wiry arms wrapped around him without a word said. He stiffened and tipped his head back to offer Sherlock a look of profound puzzlement.
Mental note made, John flicked a finger against his phone screen, sending the texts scrolling madly. They slowed at the first text after John had left his room, with a sliver of the photo that had shaken him so badly at the top of the screen. Just a band of color, shirt and coat and bark, with the tiniest bright triangle off center, the bottom of Sherlock’s open collar showing his pale skin.
By the next morning, John was seriously regretting asking to be left alone. All night, he would start to drift off and then snap awake, little replays of events that had led to him being stuck in this drab hospital plaguing him with their recriminations.
Duck laughed, which sounded painful with his ruined voice, except that his face was so joyful. Despite himself John chuckled too, shaking his head. When they had calmed, Duck indicated that John should join him out in the clear space at the side of the room. “Come on, gotta stretch out your legs, or you’ll be groaning in the morning. And then you can tell me what you want to about this Sherlock, and the people in your life.”
John observed where Sherlock was pointing, coming up beside him to look at the picture on the glowing phone in his friend’s hand. The body in the photo lay in an untidy sprawl, the brown wooden handle of a hammer protruding from under his shoulder. The hammer was a standard claw shape, the head glistening with darkish fluid which had flowed over some of the handle as well. He looked between the photo and the site a few times, his brow furrowing. Something wasn’t…
Safe. Cocooned away from the real world and protected from the problems that had brought him low. “Better,” he hedged, “why are you asking?” He thought he knew, and he licked his lips nervously.
“What time is it, even?” John muttered, spinning round to look at the clock by the bedside, then whirling back with a glower. “Christ, Sherlock, it’s five in the bloody morning! No wonder I was dead asleep when you came in. How did you get into the bloody flat, anyway?”
Sherlock was utterly fascinated with the nape of John’s neck; it was illogically ridiculous how much he wanted to taste it, smell it, bite it, rub the tip of his nose and then his lips back and forth across the nobs of John's cervical vertebrae. He had imagined it a thousand times, but had only summoned up the courage to stroke the innocuous stretch of skin lightly with long fingers as he walked behind John’s chair. The sound of the breath John had sucked in as he did so had its own display cabinet in the new mind palace room, and the flush that migrated from John’s cheeks back to his nape was in pride of place beside it.
“Can I kiss you? Anywhere I shouldn’t touch? How do you feel about public displays? For my part, I am willing to allow kissing, any touching you wish to initiate with clothes on, and the more publicly affectionate the better to discourage your step-whatever-person.” Sherlock stated baldly, a touch of hauteur in his tone. His heart was racing at the audacity of his statement; touching John, kissing John!
“And that woman, at the center table, with the green tracksuit and poor dye-job; she’ll be lucky if she has hair left if she keeps with that regimen. Her husband is having an affair and she thinks he’ll not leave her while she’s ill. I confess I heard her ranting to her lawyer while you were napping, so not much of a deduction there, but based on her comments, she’s only using her time here to squirrel away as much of their assets as she can before divorce proceedings begin. Not exactly a useful mirror for self-reflection in a group setting, wouldn’t you say?”
“Fine,” John said, then realized his hands hurt like hell. When he looked at them, the knuckles were split and bloody, already swelling across the top. “Huh,” he mused, looking them over, then turned to look at the snivelling figure on the ground. Sherlock put a cautionary hand on his arm, just as Lestrade and several police officers arrived on the scene.
They pulled back to regard each other. “John,” Sherlock said, nothing hidden in his voice or on his face; how could he hide? There was so much. He didn’t think he had enough space in the mind palace to accommodate this entire interlude, but he was certainly going to try.
“I didn’t, either,” John said, then hurried on as Sherlock’s face began to go pale with chagrin, “until recently! Um, I mean, it wasn’t until recently that I… yeah. That I realized. That… this.”
Oh, dear god.
“No. This facility lacks decent lab space, and I was rather busy with the police, after all. They’ll send a report once they’ve determined what was in it. Some narcotic, was the best the paramedics could say. Do you remember much from last evening?” Sherlock propped his head up with a hand as John sat up in bed and reached for the water bottle on the bedside table.
“Oh, my god!” John gasped, “Sherlock! Christ, are you alright?” he scrambled off his friend and held out a hand to help him up, urging him to sit on the bed while the man coughed and caught his breath. John’s hands trembled with adrenaline and shock at what he had almost done. “God, Sherlock, I’m so sorry. Please tell me I didn’t hurt you too badly,”
“I’ll take it under advisement.” Sherlock’s flat tone announced the topic was closed.
John opened his eyes to tight slits, to see Sherlock’s silhouette looming over him, shielding him from some of the light, but not enough. “S’bright,” John croaked, his voice barely a whisper with the dryness in his throat.
of her, on stage for the opening night of the cabaret. The other half was revealed when she turned her head and the unpainted face of John Watson asked the audience to consider if anything they saw could really be what it seemed. That weathered face, with its lines and flaws and expressive character, had captivated Sherlock as firmly as the porcelain perfection of the Lady. Having John as his lover meant that at times he was paying court to Lady Grey and all her flash and glamour, while other times he was enjoying boyish charm and domestic comforts with John, or running after criminals with Captain Watson. He was never bored, having John in his life.
Amina taught the class with an indulgent eye and after John’s first breakout session with her octogenarian take-down team, they went back to the flat for a cuppa where she cackled maniacally at his groans and bruises. John consoled himself with the knowledge he was likely faster on a straightaway than either of his two white-haired classmates. Probably. Over long distances, surely.
John took his hand and squeezed it again, but said nothing.
“Goddammit, Gary!” Davies yelled.
Lady Grey intoned with the track, and snaked a hand around the back of the dancer’s neck into the auburn waves at his nape. She turned her head to address the audience again while a few twangy guitar notes sounded, holding the tension until she snatched the umbrella from the dancer -
“Oh god, John,” he was again lifted to a sitting position, but this time to be held tightly against a wiry chest, a long-fingered hand stroking through his hair. “John, please,” a warm kiss landed on his cheek, another on his lips -
Sherlock seemed content to allow John to remain where he was. His friend breathed slowly, cheek resting lightly on the top of John’s head, his one-armed hold firm yet not stifling, long fingers idly stroking the back of John’s neck. The silence stretched, peaceful and undemanding.
John held his hands up defensively at this outburst. “Christ, Sherlock, relax. I was asking if we were done here, as it’s getting dark, that’s all.” He started to head back to the crime scene tape, jamming his cold hands in his pockets and grumbling. “’Scuse me, I didn’t realize it was all
He jabbed the button, and his phone went dark with a muted click. A glance at the clock on the wall told him it was late, so he plugged the device in to charge, and went though his nightly routine to try and calm his racing mind enough to get to sleep. Teeth flossed, face washed, pajamas on, John settled into bed and pulled the covers up to his chin against the slightly too-cold room.
“Who do you shave for, then, if not me? Given that I prefer you clean-shaven, if you were refusing to shave for me, you would have a beard by now or that terrible mustache you had briefly years ago. Or do you mean that you don’t give me a shave? Why should you? I can do it myself, or there’s an excellent barber on Porter street who will do an outstanding straight-razor shave for a nominal-”
Sherlock’s brow wrinkled in thought. “He, then? You believe it’s a man?”
At NSY, the video booth was dim and quiet, and the paper cup of tea John cradled in his hands raised subtly fragrant steam against his cheeks when he blew on it. He closed his eyes for a moment to appreciate the opportunity to catch his breath after all the activity of the day.
They established themselves at their places and waited, saying little. John seemed impervious to the frequent long stares Sherlock pinned him with, only breaking the silence once a stocky fellow with a pained expression lumbered by to set up the roast beef carving station. John indicated the worker with a significant head tilt, and said under his breath “that’s the omelet bloke. So, what’s his story?”
Sherlock, hovering near the bed like an attentive, well-dressed guard dog, came to his rescue. “Perhaps we could return to the matter at hand, Doctor? What needs to happen to allow John to be released from here and moved on to the facility?”
“Fucking, bloody - goddammit!” John gasped as he dropped to a walk from the mild lope they had been maintaining along the garden path. He pressed his hands to his lower back, urging his tight muscles to allow him to suck in the wheezing breaths he felt he desperately needed. “I don’t think this is going to work today, Duck.”
Sherlock stepped back into the bullpen area reluctantly, then with a final razor-sharp sweep of his gaze, visibly switched  mental gears back to the case. He turned in a swirl of coattails to head for the door. “Come John, we’ll get a cab. Lestrade, you can meet us there.”
“You are confident that John is ready to be discharged,” Sherlock said, no hint of a question in the statement.
John snickered at Sherlock’s antics, feeling the tension bleeding away. Not gone, but better. He smiled with wry self-deprecation. “And have you been tetchy?” he asked archly.
“Good thing you can spot them, then, isn’t it?” John said softly, intimately. The gaze held a beat longer and John stroked two fingers along Sherlock’s forearm where it was braced on the bar.
“You went for another run, last night?” Duck confirmed, eyebrows arched high on his chrome-dome forehead. “No wonder you’re knackered today, especially if you didn’t sleep afterward.”
John’s sigh could have been heard in the next train carriage. He put his book aside, and thought for a moment. “Well, how about you practice," he said, widening his eyes, “being more relaxed?”
Sherlock chuckled. “Nooo.” He drawled. Another moment went by with them just breathing and being there. “John,” he said solemnly.
John looked searchingly at his friend for another moment; then, still having said nothing, raised his own arms around Sherlock and dropped his cheek onto the warm chest in front of him, exhaling a long breath and closing his eyes. The tension in the body against him drained away as the seconds passed, until they both merely stood, relaxed and breathing against each other.
When Sherlock emerged from his blinking, stunned silence and looked around, he was glad to realize that John had not been there to witness it. How could he explain that a simple gesture - barely a peck on the mouth - had been the most unexpected, possibly world-altering thing that had ever happened to him? He’d had kisses before, of course; for cases mostly, or from relatives, and one or two experiences when he was younger. This was different. This was
“Rosie,” he said, “open up.” She refused. He held out the spoon and waited. “Rosie... Open. Up.” Her wide eyes watched him, and she smiled faintly. Still she refused, mouth tightly shut, staring at him in brazen refusal. John’s own jaw tightened at her defiance, and he pressed the spoon to her lips, to force the food into her mouth. She turned her head to the side and her face screwed up in preparation of a wail.
His insides were veering into ‘weird’ territory just considering it: Sherlock, holding the shirt in his hands, reading it, his face pinched in distaste, or confusion, or... what? Well, there was no changing it, so he manfully ignored any possible embarrassment and stomped out to have a light breakfast.
“I don’t care, John, just don’t get up.” He opened his eyes long enough to roll them at John, then resumed his previous position. John reached for the remote and clicked on the telly, dialing the volume down a bit and settling himself more cozily in the cushions. The weight in his lap grumbled and huffed until John had stilled and was engrossed in the spy movie he had found. They seemed to be playing at all hours of the day.
They watched in companionable silence for a while, as the replay of the night of the first murder rolled on. People of all sorts moved through the park: sat on the benches, explored the copse of trees, bent to smell the flowers, or leaned on the railing by the Thames - then ambled on their way as the evening drew in, never realizing that an act of deadly violence was imminent.
And John had done that to him, far more than was necessary to subdue the suspect, continuing to beat the offender while he himself was barely aware of it. His knees wobbled and the edges of his vision went white; he squatted down where he stood, and started to take deep breaths, elbows braced on his thighs, staring blankly ahead. He had almost killed a man with his bare hands. How had it happened? He had nearly beaten a man to death. Sherlock had had to drag him off. Had he lost his mind? Gone feral, like an animal? All he could remember was the rage, not even the bloke’s face or what he’d done. He was a doctor, for god’s sake!
“She was a... customer of yours?”
John felt a little like he might be floating, and was glad his hands had clutched onto the back of Sherlock’s coat while he frantically tried to come up with something to say. Sherlock showed no signs of releasing John from his hug, but a subtle tension had crept into his limbs and his heart pounded loudly in John’s ear.
The crisp crackling of the packaging as it spilled tablets on the duvet went unnoticed, and the water in the glass on his bedside table was stale and tepid, but it washed down the pills without trouble. He had about half an hour before he’d start to feel it, he noted vaguely.
John’s Aunt and Uncle sat in silence while John and Sherlock finished their breakfasts. John declined a second omelet this time around, but had a third cup of tea. Sherlock felt terribly full, but was content to sit at the table with John’s hand on his knee while they sipped. Tim and Brigid had lost the edge of haunted incomprehension that had marked them when he and John arrived. The coming months would not be easy for their family, but they would be alright in the end.
“John-” the plea touched something in John’s chest; Sherlock had that look of pained hopefulness back on his ascetic features.
He found he didn’t mind it really at all.
Duck’s smile never wavered. “Yeah, definitely.” He clapped John on the shoulder and squeezed, Sherlock observing the interaction intently. “John, you’re free to go, and I’ll see you tomorrow.” He picked up the papers, looking over the signatures and shuffling them back into the folder as John and Sherlock picked up John’s things and headed for the hallway.
John shifted in his seat, the picture of a boy whose Mum has asked his first date an embarrassing question. He opened his mouth to deflect, but Sherlock beat him to it.
Sherlock spent the next three quarters of an hour minutely examining John’s hand, testing different finger-interlace combinations to find the one he liked best, and memorizing the scars and calluses. He barely noticed when it was announced they were back on their way, and would be in Bath in twenty minutes. With the delay, they’d likely be arriving at the hotel just after midnight.
“Yes. A case! Lestrade wants me to come look at a murder scene. They think they have the killer in hand, but something about it is not sitting well with our friend the DI, so he wants me to look it over before the forensics people stomp all over everything.” His grin was wide and lively, and his eyes sparkled with anticipation.
“I dunno,” he said. “Am I really ready?” He felt the creeping heat of a flush coming up the back of his neck, and rubbed at it with an unexpectedly sweaty hand, then wiped that on his jogging bottoms.
“John,” he said wonderingly, “my John. In this case, I’ve been a terrible actor, too.” He tipped his head down and kissed John’s slowly blooming smile, right there in the middle of the dance floor.
Next to him, his friend also stood. “John,” he said, “whatever it is, just say it. It’s fine.” He ducked a bit to catch John’s eye, his own dark brows raised in enquiry, faint smile on his face.
They didn’t mention the other topic that had been raised the previous day, but John was aware of the question, percolating in the back of his mind. For now, it could stay back there.
John felt sick. He snuggled the baby more closely against himself and rubbed her back with his hand.
"Compose yourself and find out. Don't worry, Mrs. Hudson is out, no one will see us holding hands."
~~~oOo~~~
“Now, John, I’d never put you in a suit like that. You’d look jaundiced.” He waved a hand negligently. “Besides, Mycroft pays my account here; says he needs me to look the part.”
“Look at the ID, Sherlock,” Lestrade replied, then continued, “And yeah, we think it’s the hammer. There was blood on it, but no fingerprints -”
John coughed. “That’s,” he averted his face, suddenly embarrassed all over again. “Great, Sherlock, thanks.”
John was comfortable in his spot against the pillows, drowsy with fatigue and the warm sunlight coming in through the big window. Just thinking about the possibility of a nap caused him to crack a huge yawn, which noticeably startled his fidgeting friend. “I dunno, Sherlock, I might want to have a bit of a nap, and then do what you suggested; just walk in the garden later.” He stifled a second yawn with the back of his hand, and continued speaking. “I don’t know if it’s wise to go digging up all the little dramas in a place like this - these people are in charge of my food and my medications, after all. It wouldn’t do to rile them up too much.”
thought John,
Sherlock paused to take in the sight before him: John, utterly nude, his erection standing proud from its nest of ash blond curls, his skin flushed from cheeks to chest, breathing hard, pulse beating visibly in his neck, staring back at Sherlock with eyes darkened by arousal. He was… beautiful. Scarred, weathered, imprinted with the evidence of a life lived hard, and all the more stunning for it. Sherlock felt a tightness in his throat and sucked in a breath. “John,” he breathed, blinking furiously, “is this… can I really?” He shut his eyes for a moment, swallowing against the rush of sentiment.
John’s stance relaxed, dropping the rigid outrage it had held. “Bloody hell, Sherlock. A little warning next time, yeah?” He ran a hand through his hair and blew out a breath. “Do we have to do this now? Only I was packing.” He waved the package in his hand again, seeming to notice he was still holding it. “And what about-“
“Well?” Sherlock demanded.
“Right. Great. Very good.” Sherlock left the bloke droning his outrage to nobody as he stalked down the hall. Not 308; rather, 306. He knocked smartly on the door – and it swung inward slightly, having not latched fully. He pushed his way into the room, flicking on the overhead light as he passed. The room was in disarray, bedclothes mussed, some of the many pillows on the floor, a bedside lamp knocked over. Sherlock spun in place, scanning the entire room for clues; luggage still there, but Marjorie’s wedding heels partially kicked under the bed. Must have changed for more manageable footwear. Marks on the rug indicated dragged feet, but hard to tell if one person or two were involved – there was considerable scuffing all over the place, like many people had been in the room since it was last hoovered. And – Sherlock gasped a breath; a glint of sapphire in the bathroom. John’s lovely tie lay in a sinuous coil on the floor.
Sherlock was casting about for something to say, while his faculties came back online and he exerted all his control not to yank John to him and resume the kisses; even he could tell John would not welcome such an action at the moment. He was about to suggest they retire for the night to collect themselves.
to break up the monotony, for God’s sake!
He leaned up again; slowly, carefully, never taking his eyes from Sherlock’s, giving him every opportunity to shut John down if his action was unwelcome. Sherlock watched him come, until his eyes slid shut and he was leaning down to meet John in a full, active press of mouths. Sherlock was aided by his hand on John’s jaw, keeping John firmly in place while he used his sinful, Cupid’s-bow lips to make it entirely clear that John was not just welcome, but enthusiastically encouraged to pursue this kiss.
He had to screw up his courage to ask “how’s the neck feeling, then?”
John internally berated himself; he should have given Sherlock a remedy for the bruises; it was the least he could do.
Sherlock’s face fell into momentary petulance and he chucked the charger back into the drawer where he’d found it. He peered out the window and then began to pace. “How long-”
Marjorie regarded John with wide eyes as they turned to walk back toward the school. “Sorry about that,” John said, letting the boys get a bit ahead, then leading her back to the building. “They’re not the brightest, those two.”
He could acknowledge now, with the luxury of time and distance, that James had likely fancied him. Been in love with him? John frowned and considered it. A lot of straight men might get defensive if another bloke fancied them; for sure there had been all sorts of macho bullshit thrown around in the barracks about it. Those men who overcame the taboo to find comfort in each other, be it just physical or something more, definitely had caught shit for it. He’d assigned punishment runs and the worst of cleanup duties to more than one homophobic arsehole in his unit for being obnoxious to fellow soldiers.
“I’m glad,” Aunt Brigid said. She sipped from her glass. “Huh. Seems an odd way to cope, doesn't it? I mean, she’s always had a crush on John – he was handsome and charming, and always very nice to her. But when he deployed, she stopped talking about him. And then she met Richard and they married. Poor Richard, it was such a shock, him dying like that.” She sighed. “He was a lovely man, and just devoted to Marjorie - thought she hung the moon. And he was a health nut, exercised all the time, yoga, acupuncture, even formulated his own vitamins, being a chemist and all.” She sighed again. “Tch, listen to me, going on all maudlin at a wedding.”
Duck grinned. “I didn’t doubt it for an instant.”
“Oh, now, what could that be?” Aunt Brigid asked archly, but with obvious pleasure. “You’ve finally come to your senses, have you?” She shot a look at Uncle Tim that clearly said ‘I told you so!’ which that fine gentleman acknowledged with an incline of his head. He did not look uncomfortable to see that his step-nephew, who until now had been exclusively heterosexual, had just kissed another man at the lunch table. Sherlock found himself feeling relieved; he wouldn't want their ruse to make trouble for John with the few relatives he had left who were close.
“You’d think, for a third wedding, there wouldn’t need to be so many, but it’s her first, so…” Aunt Brigit shrugged.
As they neared the office, John’s steps slowed with his reluctance to talk about why he was so out of sorts this morning. He should be happy, excited that he'd get to go home today, and he could hardly think that far.
John wondered as he bent to get into the taxi that had appeared like magic at Sherlock’s slightest gesture. As they drove off, he observed his friend out of the corner of his eye. His cheeks and the tips of his ears were pink, though the day was brisk and it could have been from the wind. Sherlock noticed him looking and raised a sardonic eyebrow, then turned without a word to look out the window.
“Yes,” Sherlock grasped John by the biceps, face as sincerely open as John had ever seen it. “I apologized for being gone when I was away, and I knew I had hurt you, but I didn’t really understand what that meant for you. My dying, I mean. And you seeing it happen, though I orchestrated it carefully and tried to get you away.”
The sweet fragrances and fresh air raised his spirits immediately. He headed for his favorite bench under the beech tree, hoping fervently that yellow-dressing-gown wasn’t camped out. John personally thought the fellow liked it under there because the colors set off his ridiculous bathrobe to good effect, rather than because the peace and solitude allowed for productive introspection.
John had gone up to pack his new clothes for the trip after that morning’s delivery, and Sherlock heard a muted “argh!” followed by the stomping of John’s feet on the stairs.
Like a roll of thunder from far away, another voice spoke; coming closer, overriding the intimate urgency with dread. “Coming to your sister’s rescue, eh, Johnny? Well there ain’t no queer Watsons, you hear me? No child of mine’ll be a faggot, if I’ve got to get a dozen of my mates to give ‘er what she needs to get straightened out, that’s my right as her father!”
Marjorie gradually quieted behind her hands, then looked up when John offered her the square from his suit pocket. She dabbed at her eyes. “You mean that? Really? You’d try with me if we’re still single when I’m forty?” She offered him a watery smile.
At last he tore his eyes aside, but took the bowl and put it on the bed. He felt abstracted, an observer of his own actions who watched with no reaction, no emotion whatsoever. This observer-self listed the steps needed to follow through with the idea the bowl had planted, and his body executed them because it would make the shrieking in his mind and the bone-deep anguish shut up. That was all. It was the logical course to take now that his true, monstrous nature had made itself so inescapably obvious.
“No taking anything out on Stephen, you hear me?” Mr. Penton said quietly to his daughter. “Even if he was out of line, you talk it out with words. Your pranks aren’t funny and could really get him hurt someday.” Marjorie glared sullenly at the ground and stayed silent as Aunt Brigid and John shared a look.
.” His voice sounded a little strangled, or maybe that was because it was bouncing off the wall first?
As they left the building to look for a taxi, a sense of heavy exhaustion settled over John, and even Sherlock’s boundless energy seemed depleted. Once they had found a cab and were on the way to John’s flat, Sherlock sagged into the seat and listed over during a turn until his unwounded side pressed into John’s, a warm, solid presence that John found very welcome. It proved his friend was still there, even when John’s eyes inevitably closed.
“It’s not up for debate, Sherlock. I’ve seen your head cracked on the pavement once already, and it’s not a good look on you. Now you will put! This! On!”
John looked blankly at the infuriating man. Then he shook his head. “Nope, still not getting it. What?”
The bathroom door closed behind him with a clunk, and as he took himself out and started his much-needed piss, his brain caught up and asked him
“Right,” he said, his voice sounding somewhat strangled. He coughed and tried again. “Right, Rosie. She must be done with lunch by now.”
John grinned widely as the recognition from his friend settled warmly in his chest. He scrolled back to reread the exchange, pleased with his contribution, and the picture again caught his eye. He gazed at it, tracing the lines and contours of Sherlock’s long, lean neck with his eyes, observing the marks of pigment like drops of paint on marble. There was one that he kept coming back to; a little mark nestled in the shadow formed by a lean jaw and the prominent Adam’s apple. He stroked a fingertip across the picture. The touch expanded the photo to full screen and John gasped faintly when a sudden shiver traveled up the back of his neck, accompanied by a pulse of heat in his groin that shocked him with its strength. His mouth filled with saliva and he swallowed convulsively, licking his lips. They tingled, and he wondered how they would feel pressed against the little dark spot that had so captured his attention.
Sherlock scoffed from his seat in the chair. “I don’t censor my thoughts. Sometimes I take a little longer to make the connections if there’s too much input.”
His hands hung down in front of him; his knuckles dripped blood on the pavement. He should probably have them looked at, though he couldn’t feel the pain now. He stared at his fingers, fascinated with the spots of red as they landed between his feet.
“Good to hear it. It wrung my heart to see him so scared.” She sighed. “Well, good luck to you both, Doctor. Now, you said you had a question?”
“God yeah, I do.” John said with conviction. “I really do. He’s the most important person in my life. Him and Rosie, they’re what I have to live for. They deserve the best I can give them, don’t they?” John sat up and regarded Duck beseechingly. “Which, no matter how hard it might be, includes not taking myself out of the picture, and getting well so I can be with them.” He cuffed at his eyes with his sleeve, irked that he was bloody crying yet
John snorted. “Should have gotten me better communication privileges, then, hadn’t you?”
John snapped awake, echoes of explosions and gunfire ringing in his ears; the scream lodged in his throat emerged as a squeaky whine.
Sherlock looked shocked and crossed his arms petulantly. “But I’ll catch cold,” he whinged, “and anyway, we’ll only be up here for a few minutes. I’m perfectly comfortable with heights.” He waved away the offending bundle of orange strapping and buckles, but John was already shoving it back.
“Here, now, what’s all this?” Mr. Penton said. His children glared at each other.
He loosed his grip and tried to step back, but was prevented by Sherlock’s unyielding arms. Instead, he tipped his head back so as to be able to see his friend’s face. “Are you alright? Did something happen?”
“No, John. Just y’know - check your assumptions. If you let the past be really in the past, you’ll free up your mind for the future. Nothing bogging you down, holding you back from…” Duck trailed off, picking up his glass of water for a long draft, then sat back in his chair.
Sherlock blinked in bemusement at his effusiveness, then shot a glance over at John, who had sunk his face in his hands, blushing to the tips of his ears. He cleared his throat. “Yes, well. Do they call you Duck because of the leg or the voice?”
So it was with some hopeful interest that John noted the entrance of a white-coated person, likely his physician, who closed his door as she entered. He breathed a sigh of relief - he had worried his doctor would be someone he knew, either from his job at the surgery or in his work with Sherlock. This woman was tall and thin, and about six months pregnant; radiant with good health and solemn with her duty. “Hello, I’m Doctor Harrington,” she said. “How are you feeling, Doctor Watson?”
He didn’t email her again.
John shook his head. “Everything up until Marjorie stopped me outside the gents and asked to talk is fine. Figured we were going to have an argument and that would be the end of it, but she sprayed me with that stuff just as we came up to the lifts. It’s bits and pieces after that. So, what happened?” He opened the bottle and drained most of it, swishing the first mouthful around loudly. Somehow even that wasn’t off-putting to Sherlock. (
Sherlock heaved a huge sigh. "Just what am I supposed to be doing, John? This is going to make me less bored, is it?"
Point against? John Watson. He stood next to Sherlock in the incredibly flattering merlot jumper and tailored slacks they had bought last week, making light conversation with the third set of married city professionals of the night; at least these ones had read his blog. Sherlock was having trouble keeping his hands from stroking the soft cashmere from neckline to hem as it was; more alcohol would exacerbate the problem. His hand not occupied with his tumbler resided persistently on John’s hip, petting little circles with his fingers. John didn’t seem to mind, sending him coy glances every so often as his conversation ebbed and flowed. Sherlock chimed in rarely, and hardly politely, but the professionals remained interested in them.
“I didn’t realize you were about to shoot!”
John huffed a smile of his own, relieved that the crisis seemed averted. “Yeah, o‘course - but I’m sure by then you’ll have found some brilliant cancer researcher who will sweep you off your feet, and you won’t need to pity date a beat up old soldier.” He waggled his eyebrows at her. “I won’t be such a catch at forty-two, you know.” Her face lightened and she giggled a bit. John breathed an internal sigh of relief.
"Yeah... um, yeah. I got distracted. Sorry."
His daughter burbled through her spoonful of banana in a way that would have made him laugh out loud a day ago; today he smiled and stifled a feeling of resentment that she was there, a stark reminder of his responsibilities.
He stretched his long arms above his head, pressing against the headboard with his fingers and pointing his toes, hearing his joints crack in percussive snaps and clicks as he arched his whole body against the mattress. His sheets were warm and smooth against his skin, so much better than the harsh hotel linens he’d been collapsing onto for the last two and a half weeks. He rolled onto his side, over the pillow next to his own. The combination of fragrances - tropical shampoo, women’s perfume, tea, and spicy male sweat - that translated to
at least in public, to offer the arms around shoulders, the hands holding hands, the kiss on a weathered cheek, that he had been imagining – pining for - since he realized he loved John. This would give him a chance to know what that would feel like. He could construct a special room in his mind palace to hold it and visit there when his feelings rose up in his throat, and know - in a real way - what it was like to have a little bit of John to call his own. He couldn’t pass up this chance.
“John,” Sherlock breathed reverently, relief clear in his tone. “Thank god. Just keep your eyes shut for now,” he said gently. John was only too happy to comply; he heard the rustling as Sherlock moved, then the tapping of his shoes across the room.
There was a delay before the next text came through; Sherlock had just finished tying his shoes and was headed for the door when his phone trumpeted again. He pulled it from his pocket.
The body he was plastered against shivered, vibrating from head to toe. John hurriedly stepped back a pace, relieved when he didn’t put his foot off the edge. “Yeah, um, the shot is dead clean from here,” he said. “It lines right up, and wouldn’t have been too far for the kind of high-tech slingshot we’re thinking about. ‘Specially if it wasn’t very windy last night?”
Rosie turned at the sound of his voice and her face lit up excitedly. “Da!” she crowed, “Da! Da! Da-da-dada!” Each syllable was punctuated with a whack of the spoon. John stood, slack-jawed and frozen, staring at this force of nature who, it seemed, had just called him Dada for the first time.
“I can go home tomorrow? That’s sooner than I thought,” John exclaimed, grinning widely. Dr Harrington did not share his smile. John turned to Sherlock, expecting to see his friend’s relief at getting them out of there so quickly; instead the pale grey eyes regarded him gravely. Sherlock said nothing.
“You haven’t any other strong attachments in your life, at least that you’ve talked about.”
and she placed a sparkling, deadly-looking stiletto heel onto the dancer’s bent leg. He mimicked a dizzy spell at the contact, and Sherlock felt unaccountably angry at the dancer for being so close to her, having her touch on him. Lady Grey - and John - were
“Together?” John said, lying down next to Sherlock, pressed against his side and lightly touching the smooth pale skin over the flat abdomen. Again, Sherlock nodded, and mimicked the action. John’s hand slid downward, fingers slipping into dark hair at the base of Sherlock’s long, slender cock, brushing the tip with the back of his hand and picking up the bead of moisture that clung there. Sherlock’s much larger hand moved to the base of John’s penis tentatively; his cock was thick, and longer than the statistical average for a man of his stature; it suited John, Sherlock decided. The foreskin had mostly retracted, exposing a shiny dark red head, and Sherlock ghosted his palm across the tip, feeling the velvety smoothness there. John bucked forward into his hand, catching his bottom lip between his teeth.
"And you want to shoot my gun, why, exactly?"
Sherlock silently shook his head, keeping his eyes averted. He pulled John back down against his shoulder and squeezed him for a moment, then said, “you didn’t answer my texts; even after I had sent several demands for response.” He sounded testy that John had ignored him. “It’s possible I may have jumped to the wrong… er, a concerning conclusion upon arriving here and finding you gone from your room.”
Sherlock looked up, and with one of his Mona Lisa smiles, climbed to his feet. His laser-like gaze was already sweeping John from head to toe, and he stepped forward to enclose John in a comfortable embrace without a word.
John’s thoughts screeched to a halt; for a moment there was silence, both in the room and in his head. “What?” he said, his voice coming out small through the tight feeling in his throat. Not go home? For how long? Was he being committed? Sectioned?
“There might be medical considerations - breast cancer and the like.”
“Matthew Matteo Gallo, recently of New York. Hmm,” Sherlock’s eyes flicked rapidly over the file, absorbing details at a glance, then handing the folder to John so he could catch up. “An associate of Luca Romano, perhaps?”
The cab ride to the tailor was short, but with a look to make sure it was all right, John hesitantly dropped a hand to his friend’s knee and settled up closer in the seat than usual. Pressed together from shoulder to thigh, his warmth bled through soon after and Sherlock feverishly recorded the sensation in his mind palace. The new room would have to be expanded, he decided. The tiniest moments and contacts conveyed such impact that they mustn’t be discounted.
“You will shut up right now, Stephen Penton, or you will not like what I will do to you,” Marjorie hissed furiously, just as her father and Aunt Brigid came into view and Stephen’s expression went from angry to uncertain.
He picked it up and ran it through his fingers, smoothing it; John had been here. His tie had been stripped from him, or perhaps he had dropped it so Sherlock could find it. He took a deep breath to calm his racing heart and circling thoughts, then frowned. What was that? He held the length of silk to his nose, inhaling. There was a faint trace of John’s cologne, and a stronger, vaguely chemical smell that made him dizzy for a moment. An aerosol? Some sort of drug, perhaps. That would explain how John had been incapacitated; too nice for his own good, he would have accepted if Marjorie asked to talk to him. And then, when they were unobserved, spray him with a narcotic aerosol and claim he’d drunk too much as he was dragged through the hotel. But where had they gone from here?
Of course the lead sent them to the shadier side of town. Of course they snuck into a drug den with a serious reputation for brutal players. And of course, they got caught. John thanked his lucky stars that his gun was tucked in his waistband, but carefully kept an eye on Sherlock. The last time his friend had snatched the weapon from his pocket it had ended badly, and he didn’t entirely trust Sherlock not to act the arse again if John were less than vigilant.
Well, he’d just have to look carefully the next time he saw Sherlock, that’s all; that brain was too amazing to pickle with drugs.
“John...”
“I don’t have much choice, do I?” John asked bitterly. The gloomy fatigue that had been waiting at the edges of his anger surged up, draining him of any energy to continue talking.   “Now if you don’t mind, I’d like to be alone.”
A strong hand squeezed his shoulder, and he looked over to see Sherlock showing his soft, barely-there smile, pale eyes shining. “She missed you, I think.”
“John,” he said, interrupting John’s obvious self-recriminations, “John, they’re here, she’s here, your whatsit-step-person. Now is the time to introduce me and our relationship to her. You can have your crisis later.”
The next day, John drove to the facility for his 8:30 appointment, and ran with Duck with little difficulty. Three laps passed smoothly, stretches felt good, and tall glasses of water went down easily.
he thought.
John’s smile was kind, and his chin was suspiciously tight. “Oh, go ahead, have a bloody chuckle. Your chin is giving it away,” Sherlock snarled, and John burst out laughing. After he composed himself, he turned to face his friend, and pulled at a sulking Sherlock’s knees until his (more than) friend faced him.
John was aware of Dr Harrington’s murmur of agreement, and of her leaving the room, the door closing with a seemingly thunderous ka-chunk! like the clanging of a cage. Somehow being left with only Sherlock soothed his shock - which left plenty of rein for his anger. “You’re having me
John knew he should have been watching the video, looking for their killer, but his attention was captured by the lift and drop of Sherlock’s Adam’s apple as he swallowed.
Rosie was another story. She squawked and wiggled after a few minutes, ready to be doing something else. Her fidgeting brought reality crashing down onto John - embarrassment, bred into him by generations of British fortitude, asserted itself and caused him to spring away. “God, I’m so sorry,” he stuttered, “I’ve got you all damp, Sherlock, sorry.” He cuffed away the moisture on his face and snatched a tissue from the bedside table to blow his nose.
“I,” said John, but stopped when Sherlock tightened his hold, a panicky breath stirring his hair. Not ready yet, then, I guess. “Okay.” He squeezed back, resigning himself to patience.
When they arrived, Irene said somewhat sharply, “My dear Sherlock, I brought you a lovely tart for your dessert. I suspect it’s your favorite flavor.” She dropped Grey’s arm and with a falsely sweet smile exchanged Continental kisses with her headliner, muttering something in the Lady’s ear that made her giggle.
The walk had turned out to be very enjoyable indeed; the grounds were large and well-kept, with many flowerbeds and trees in glorious late-spring bloom. John and Sherlock ambled aimlessly until they spotted several beehives at the back of the gardens, and a plump lady beekeeper tending to them. Sherlock spent a pleasant hour talking apiary management and the habits of English honeybees with her, and she gave him some avenues to explore for the professor’s red-honey problem.
John’s hand in his hair stilled, and he tried to peer down at Sherlock, who tightened his grip to keep his face hidden. “Hey now,” John said, “Sherlock?” He slipped the arm from under his own head, underneath Sherlock to curl around him, enclosing him in a cage of his solid body. Sherlock could feel the thump of his heartbeat where their chests pressed together.
He heard them before he saw them, and slowed to hide between two parked cars before confronting Marjorie. If she had more of the aerosol, he’d need to take precautions that he didn’t get a dose himself. He peeked up over the boot of the sedan he was crouched behind and froze. Marjorie seemed to be directing a tirade at John, who clearly was not cooperating.
Lady Grey’s eyes glittered; challenge accepted. “By all means, dear man.” She also seemed unaffected by their proximity, but Sherlock could tell it was a bluff by the force of her fingers digging into his bicep. He resolved to courteously accompany her to meet her fans. Not long now, and he’d have John all to himself.
It took a bullet to make him see, finally, what it all meant. When John was back in 221B helping him recover, that ‘home’ feeling was back again, but tenuous, overshadowed by John’s hair-trigger temper as he processed what his wife had done. Yet his care for Sherlock was gentle - changing bandages, monitoring his pain medication, helping him bathe or dress or just move around. Sherlock came to anticipate John’s strong arm behind his shoulders as he groaned his way down to the sofa, or a hand to his flushed forehead to check his temperature, or any number of other little events, in a way that puzzled him at first. As he healed and John’s assistance was less necessary, he found himself missing that closeness. Faced with far too much time laying about, he’d catch himself imagining John stroking fingers through his curls, or sliding a hand down his chest while helping him on with his shirt, or bathing him slowly and intimately. It crystallized for him the way all his best deductions did; one fact leading to the next to the inescapable conclusion. This was … love. It explained everything; all the inexplicable ways he responded to John’s presence, craved John’s attention, considered John’s reactions, even when the man himself wasn’t present.
I’m not. I’m merely making use of public data to strengthen what I’m saying. It’s very different. SH
John smiles at him. His lips part softly.
…Tell me that recommending you to play a game of patience as an euphemism of jerking off is the worst thing I’ve said to you last night.  JW
Sherlock squeezes him tight and tries to restrain himself from pushing against him, looking for some delicious friction. They will wait to heal first.
Why? SH
John often asks himself: if they could talk to each other again, what is the first thing they would say?
It’s normal. You came barely ten seconds ago. I don’t even know how you managed to stand up without falling. JW
NEVER. JW
Do process what I have told you, John: he’s come back earlier than predicted. And he’s currently in his bedroom. It’s impossible for me to get out without being seen. SH
Yes, I always know everything. Yes, I never miss one fucking thing. Yes, I want you to applaud me – as often as you can – and yes, I have an hypertrophic ego which is desperately missing you very much right now. SH
You’re welcome. Now I know that if a woman tries to steal my cuff links, it certainly means she’s faking an orgasm. I feel brand new. JW
I thought so myself. SH
Sherlock gives him the first real smile since he returned from the afterlife and nods.
You know what? Leave it. It’s useless. JW
Tell me some other improbable thing you learned to do for a case. JW
Sherlock is thin and quiet, cat-like in his movements.
I don’t know which position it occupies in your personal hit parade of shame. SH
They’re having sexual intercourse, John. Your mention of games involving cards is just nonsensical. JW
Anyway, I guess you’re less bored now. JW
You woke up at noon? That’s lovely, Your Majesty. JW
The feeling is entirely mutual. SH
Sherlock is lying deep in thought on the sofa when John steps into the sitting room, freshly cleaned and dressed. He’s holding a stationary bag in his hand.
Sherlock is absolutely certain that it’s a very difficult thing for John to do. He didn't want to touch him even with a word, when he came back, let alone with a whole hand.
"Good morning."
Stop screaming! I’m at “work”, remember? The one in which I wear a white coat and interact with human beings with more or less real health problems. Calm the hell down. JW
Don’t be too hard on yourself, John. As I said, you’re a fantastic conductor of light. SH
Urgent. SH
No and yes. SH
Molly scratches a little gore from a bone and asks him with a shy smile: "How is John? I haven't talked to him for so long. "
I’m not jeopardizing… whatever it is that’s between us, for one, or two, or three games of cards. JW
They ask about Mrs. Hudson’s hip in turn. Sherlock insults Anderson with ease, John chats with Sarah at the clinic’s canteen.
In any case, thank you. SH
Bravo, John. Your high school sex educator would be proud. SH
At first, they don’t talk because they don’t want to. Two weeks after Sherlock’s resurrection, they don’t talk because they can’t anymore.
Please notice that I said “orgasm”. I’m perfectly able to call things by their own name. JW
Is it? SH
!!! JW
Listen, I’m sorry. I didn’t understand what I was saying and I was drunk and lonely and pathetic. I’ll never do the same mistake again. I promise. JW
Playing patience is boring.SH
He didn’t understand why I couldn’t stop laughing. JW
During interminable stakeouts, he could begin from there and continue for hours, remembering every line on his palm, every vein of his wrist. His Mind Palace had always literally brimmed with John’s treasured
Stop it. JW
John could write it with his eyes closed.
How- JW
It’s Narnia, Sherlock. JW
He writes instead:
When John puts the kettle on for the both of them, Sherlock quietly thanks him.
You know, Sherlock, usually when a man is alone in his bed and he can’t fall asleep, he plays a game of patience to relax a bit. Take it as a piece of advice from your trustworthy doctor. JW
It’s a shame that you started christening my triumphs only recently. SH
John lifts an eyebrow. He licks his lips and writes:
No. SH
Oh. JW
Should I have waited? SH
Sherlock, I’m at work. I can’t. JW
John rips the sheet of paper in four and throws the pieces away.
…Yes, I know, and that is why I asked you if you were pulling my leg. JW
Nope. SH
They’re in bed, in their pajamas. Sherlock is embracing John, who is writing with the notepad on the mattress.
He’s playing bridge with his secretary. SH
JOHN! SH
I need to gather more data. It’s the only reliable process to find out the answer. SH
So am I. JW
Sleeping is boring, isn’t it? JW
Your sarcasm is as second class as your “job”. SH
No. SH
Don’t repeat your intercalations. You’re not a demented parrot, even if sometimes I doubt it. SH
I have the vague suspect that my trustworthy doctor is drunk and that tomorrow morning he will regret every single thing he’s saying to me. SH
John comes back for dinner. He finds a post-it on the fridge.
I am sorry. SH
Not FAIR, Sherlock. JW
Oh, how interesting. SH
I’m not. SH
And that would be such an unforgivable fault of mine, I presume. JW
Good. As I said, I’m very curious. I want to try a bit of everything. The thought that maybe sex with you won’t be disgusting like the other times is very stimulating. SH
Sleep well, Sherlock. JW
Sherlock, can I ask a question? JW
I’m one hundred kilometers away from you. And I never wanted to play cards more in my whole life. JW
It was for a case, John. SH
John, I need you to come here immediately. SH
And with some luck the hangover will wipe all this ridiculous innuendos from my memory. JW
John wakes up with the sound of something breaking.
John notices the gun that the criminal lying on the ground is trying to extract from a boot just in time. He shoots instinctively.
John joins him, wiping blood from his lips.
You’re never letting that one go, aren’t you?
Shit. JW
Hardly the most important detail at the moment. SH
and he became fully aware of it only in those terrible moments, when he was missing him the most.
Of course not. SH
The efficiency he puts in his experiments is at maximum level. Quick, precise, meticulous - more than he’s ever been, if such a thing is possible. Then he cleans everything up and tidies the whole kitchen.
?! JW
You home? JW
Try to circumnavigate the enormous rock called “literal sense” in the middle of the immense sea of nonsense that is your brain. SH
Both professional players. SH
John takes a sip from his beer and stares at nothing in particular.
Anyway, I got so mad with boredom that I decided to follow your piece of advice. SH
Forrester is making  questionable use of a riding crop with his brother-in-law. I just knew he was the brother-in-law. SH
Don’t move. Stay exactly where you are. And don’t do anything stupid. I’ll fetch Lestrade and I’ll come straight away. SH
There’s a considerable minority of people that don’t enjoy playing cards. It’s statistical. SH
I’m going to put the kettle on and check if Harry is sleeping. Back in a sec. JW
Sherlock remains motionless.
Which doesn’t come as a surprise. My head is exploding. JW
…Nevermind. JW
And that’s the pinnacle of your romantic side, I think. JW
, he’s careful not to make any noise. No more exultant Mendelssohn at three in the morning.
So you didn’t like it. JW
John? SH
I’ll do my best. SH
Oh God yes. SH
John is about to laugh and say something derisive when he realizes he can’t talk either.
No, it isn’t, you arse. JW
John wonders if he pities them, even more than before.
It’s all fine. JW
As you wish. SH
It shouldn’t surprise me, and yet it does. SH
How so? JW
Nurse is calling me. Must go. JW
“We’re not talking.”
I took a coffee break. My 12 o’clock patient is late. JW
Any progress in falling asleep? JW
For making me laugh. I needed that. JW
For what? SH
Ask this person if she would like a game of cards. Just to get the ball to run. JW
John thinks: “I miss him”, and it’s the first time he’s able to define their problem since he came back from the dead.
His fingernails, for instance.
Crocheting. SH
Clown found hanged with the tightrope walker’s rope. SH
John wakes up more and more often around four in the morning. In his dreams, Sherlock tells him horrific stories in the most gruesome details, speaks in foreign languages, sings, whispers in his ear about who at the post office slept with who from the supermarket.
I was right about the knitting then! JW
One day they sit facing each other and they try to read lips.
Your patient is outside your door, John. SH
Cooking Lebanese. SH
The man collapses on the ground, lifeless.
I told you to play a game of patience to fall asleep? Jesus, I must have been punch drunk. JW
Liar. SH
Ha bloody ha. JW
I’m not the one who risked breaking his spine here, Sherlock. JW
Ask HIM, then. JW
In my opinion all games of cards are extremely overvalued. People are obsessed by them because they can’t find anything more productive to do with their time. SH
Gotta dash. But it doesn’t end here. JW
He sees him pulling himself up on his elbows and throwing a punch at him that doesn't even come close to either his nose or his teeth. John takes it with a grunt and immediately becomes still.
Sherlock folds the note and slips it in one of his nightgown’s pockets.
Arse. JW
Then he smiles. A smile that becomes an almost complicit grin – almost - and finally a laugh.
Technically, you just did that. SH
Here I am. JW
I’ll make you swallow those inverted commas if you don’t stop using them RIGHT NOW. JW
I can’t think with order and method FOR GOD’S SAKE SH
Well, obviously is not as fun as playing bridge. But there are definitely more boring things. JW
John, drink your coffee and concentrate. SH
How long do you think he’s going to stay there? JW
He circles the words "kiss me", smiling halfway between amused and mischievous.
I don’t understand. You’re out of context in an incomprehensible and frankly irritating way. SH
John remembers what his mother used to say to him, every time his father disappeared for whole months and then came back like nothing ever happened: “Better a shitty father than no father at all.”
Well, I don’t think you’re managing any better. You’re texting me from upstairs. JW
During the first nights after his return, John wakes up, opens the door to his room and places index and middle finger on his neck, in order to feel life pulsing inside him. Sherlock opens his eyes and looks at him, shaking all over.
This is the last thing you’re telling me via text. Next I’m kicking down the bathroom door. JW
Why? JW
Good. SH
It’s been… good. SH
Many. SH
Following around a parrot would be more fun. At least the conversation would be of some value. SH
Have you ever played cards in your life? JW
“Most people believe that’s how it has to go, but it’s not a requirement for everybody.”
A photo of a nondescript tree came through, bright with the phone’s flash, showing a brownish scrape and Sherlock’s pale hand, pointing.
Sherlock said nothing; he was still recording everything he could about John in this moment, and absently brought his fingers to his lips to taste the fluid there. Salty, somewhat bitter. Viscous, almost sticky. It was not unpleasant, though he couldn’t say he liked it, per se. John opened his eyes just then, and widened them at the sight. “That… is incredibly sexy.” He said in a hushed voice. “God, you gorgeous creature – your turn now; lie back, please, let me, let me…” As he spoke, he sat up, ignoring the mess on his stomach to help Sherlock lay down, then pressed his own body against a lanky flank. Strong arm muscles flexed and sturdy fingers tickled his pubic hair as John’s hand swept up the length of his cock, stroking firmly, then again.
On this day, about a week after he’d arrived, he was talking about the time he’d patched up an insurgent who he’d just shot in the thigh when the masked figure had threatened his unit with a kalashnikov knock-off. How he had frozen with shock for a moment upon discovering a youth of not more than 16 under the draped clothing. And he spoke of the shaking, hyperventilating reaction he’d had when he returned to base, crouched alone on the floor of the room he shared with another Captain who was out on patrol for a few days.
“Yeah, no hurry for that, ta. I was about to take the shirt off anyway; I took my run with Duck in it and it’s all mucky now,” John remarked as he swept the shirt up over his head, wiping his armpits and lower back with it, then tossing it in a laundry bag on a stand in the corner. He devoutly hoped the facility offered laundry service - if he was going to work like he had on today’s run, his clothes would get pretty ripe in a hurry.
“Course I did,” John said emphatically. “I don’t like it when people take advantage because they think they’re entitled. I mean, you’re a nice girl, and you work hard to get good grades, and those knobs just want to play rugby and goof off in class. They shouldn’t get to be dicks to you and take your notes just because they play a sport.”
John balled his fists, feeling surprisingly small and thin in his fourteen year old body full of adult fear and rage. “Leave her alone, Da!” He yelped when his father, much faster in the dream than he had been in real life, tried to snatch at his sister who cowered against the wall behind John, and when thwarted, grasped his son’s wrist in a grip that felt like iron. Dream-John struggled and writhed, knowing what was coming, his mind screaming at him to use the training he had to free himself and take down his attacker, but in vain. Just as he had when John was a child, his father got him pushed with his face to the wall, arm twisted up behind his back; the fetid smell of his breath washed over John in a cloud of stale alcohol and onions. “Always gotta be sticking your nose in, eh, John? Sticking your neck out for your sister, even when she’s a fucking slag, a god-damned carpet-muncher? Why’s that, then, Johnny? You one too? Are you a fucking arse bandit, John? A fairy after all? Oi! Where d’you think YOU’RE going!”
