"I'll be leaving now." Castiel leaned in close to Dean, their chests hitting, and he settled his lips near Dean's ear, "Bold claims coming from a man so tense," he whispered running his hands up his right arm making Dean's skin crawl with goosebumps. Castiel put out his cigarette on the ashtray he saw behind Dean and swiftly made his way into the house.
“Dean, what the actual fuck you dickweed!?” Castiel sputtered. Dean looked at him with a squint he was shirtless without pants and only in his black briefs. He gawked at the sight of his broad shoulders, the little rolls his stomach made as Castiel sat slouched, and how soft his thighs looked. Is that... that’s a.. that’s a semi!?? He gulped, somewhat sobering up.
Castiel smiled, cigarette hanging on his lips, "Nice jacket." Your favorite, Dean thought. "I'm assuming you planned this little get together huh? You can turn around now." Dean turned around and Castiel sat too.
"Yeah, Luci's coming but you won't see much of him... if you know what I mean... which is also another reason why you shouldn't go. And Ruby..? No."
“De-... Dean...” Castiel grunted rolling his head back exposing his almost always bruised neck. Dean gulped and dug his nails into Castiel’s back before reaching close and taking his first bite.
"What? No way, Lee! Why would I?? What made you think that?" I felt my back start to seep with sweat.
Hours went by as they entertained Sam with all the games he brought from his room, successfully avoiding monopoly, and sitting through a well practiced magic show by Sam where he messed up shuffling the cards twice and lost the toy pigeon in his hat, but otherwise did a few good tricks. Dean made popcorn for that occasion as well as made them a quick lunch of sandwiches before continuing. Castiel stayed the whole day to tuck Sam in, by this point Dean was in his room laying on his bed feet touching the ground slightly.
"Like I said, college kids, you won't know anyone there." Dean looked at his reflection through the microwave and considered shaving.
"Yeah yeah yeah, cake or whatever..." Sam slumped back into his seat and covered his ears with his hands.
“You know...” Dean leaned in close placing a hand on the bed behind Castiel and grazed his lips with his tongue, “I only came here to be with you...” Dean let their lips sink into each other.
"Scholarship? Dude, it's too early to even think about that. That's miles away." I laughed as his hand slid down my arm and rested near my hand; I wrapped two finger around his and swung our hands. ‘His hands have always been so soft.’
"Dude that first half rhymed!" Lucifer, the team’s right tackle and evidently one of Castiel's older brother, shouted with his hands cupped around his mouth.
Castiel inhaled, "Makes it seem like you're the stalker..." he craned his head towards Dean and blew the smoke on the side of his face. Dean flinched. Castiel got off Dean's shoulders and stared at Dean's leathered back while he dressed himself.
Dean didn't know a whole lot about Meg Masters other than they don't get along and they once had English together in sophomore year; he did know one key thing that intrigued him: she was best friends with Castiel.
He parked in his usual spot and grabbed his backpack as he stepped out the Impala. Dean made his way towards the sports field into one of the side doors of the school building leading him to the locker rooms where some hot pink flyers still stood, Dean smiled to himself. He settled his backpack in his locker and took out his gym bag from his locker. Dean dressed himself in black sports shorts with a gray t-shirt with the school logo and head out through the door to the outside. He started jogging to the field, paused to stretch, and began doing some laps. He was in his element he enjoyed the feeling of the heat his body emitted, though sweaty hands and dripping on his face made him self-conscious, but he lived with it. Dean wasn't a fan of unnecessary exercise, but Sam annoyed him so much about his diet and exercise he promised him he'd do some work every now and then.
There is heavy talk of suicide and more in it. Please consider to not read this chapter if this triggers you.
Both men get woken up by a loud beeping coming from another room and while Dean just groans tiredly an annoyed Castiel rolls out of bed and makes his way to small bathroom at one of the corners of the hospital room. “Where you going?” Dean asks while Cas turns on the light in the bathroom.
“You know the most of it actually. I don’t wanna work through it by just talking about what happened. That’s just making it worse.” Cas nods and waits for Dean to continue.
Jess, Cas and Dean are sitting at the table waiting for Sam. Dean looks like usual. A little smirk on his face but his eyes still blank and unfocused.
“Cas, c- can we go to the graveyard in D.C.? I wanna say goodbye to Jeremy.” Dean suddenly whispers lightly studdering nervously licking his lips until Cas nods slowly.
After a hundred miles he pulls the car onto the grass next to the room puts it in park and gets out. He needs fresh air and something to quieten his mind since the music in the radio stopped working miles ago.
Cas stays behind and tries to regain control of his body. Dean went back to being trapped in his thoughts and Cas has no clue how he’ll be able to pull the Winchester out of the too real nightmare and back into reality.
He isn’t sure if it actually was this thought making him drop to the floor or all the thoughts that came rushing in after, not that it matters.
“Cas, I need a minute.” Dean presses through clenched teeth but Cas shakes his head, he wants to clarify that situation now.
The waiting room of the hospital gives him more anxiety than he remembers and he just can’t seem to keep his leg from bouncing up and down. Even the room seems to get hotter by the minute and it takes everything in him to remember how to breathe properly.
It wasn’t supposed to sound like a threat in any way but for Dean it sounded like one so he made her clear that he will talk to someone.
He doesn’t know how long he was just sitting there staring at the black screen of the TV but he moves when he hears a shattering sound coming from the bathroom.
“What happened?” Cas asks. “Didn’t I tell you?” “You just said it went out of hand.” “Yeah, that’s kinda what happened. Not like he was happy with me disappearing for a week. I mean I had to take care of Sammy.” Dean whispers and cuddles closer against Cas chest.
“I’m tired, lets get some sleep.” Dean finishes and Cas can’t do anything against it. He can’t pressure Dean more than he already did. And to be completely honest he is really tired himself.
“Will he make it?” “I don’t know, no one does.” Sam whispers half of it and they just go quiet again. It’s not like there’s anything left to say.
Dean’s mood lightens up when he pulls out a pair of black and red wool socks. “I got that letter you sent to me writing about how cold your feet were and that you could really need a new pair of socks.” Cas says with a smile and Dean smiles back before he wraps his arms around Cas who didn’t expect that. He usually doesn’t get socks as a gift for Dean but he bought them already and thought it would lighten the Winchester’s mood as it obviously did.
“Dean?” Cas starts softly but the man in front of him doesn’t react so Cas just sits down in front of the curled up Winchester. “You’re home Dean. None of us will get hurt. You made it. You are the strongest man I ever knew and-“ Cas stops but Dean doesn’t react. “Dean, I- I love you so much.” Cas’ voice gets thinner and he feels tears burning in his eyes but he refuses to let them fall. “I love you too.” comes a quiet whisper from the corner and it makes Cas smile from ear to ear.
“It’s, I don’t know. This stupid sadness is all I know. It’s me Cas, I don’t know who I’d be without it so I just don’t wanna take those meds. I’m not really read for that.”, “I can’t do much about that Dean, you know that, but please consider calling that therapist. I know he can help you with all that and maybe someday you really wanna get better you know?”, “Yeah.”, “You deserve to be happy Dean.”
“Did his adress change?” “No.” “And he must be twenty-one right?” “Yeah.” “Good. You can go to the waiting area and I’ll get you as soon as Dean and Miss Vallens are through with their session alright?” “Sure.”
“I told-no, I promised you I’d be here.” He whispers and his blue eyes stare into Dean’s green ones. “Cas?” Dean whispers again, still not believing that he isn’t dreaming and keeps staring at Cas who takes a step forward and pulls the Winchester into a strong a hug.
“Do you wanna go back to bed?” he asks quietly but Dean shakes his head. “I had a nightmare. I don’t think I’ll be able to sleep. Just- you can go back to bed. I can watch some TV.”
CAS stays on the floor, face buried in his hands. He should go after Dean but he can’t. He hoped that the Winchester got over what happened but he didn’t which usually shouldn’t be that surprising but it makes Cas angry.                                                                    It makes him angry that he doesn’t know how to help Dean and that he himself is thinking way too egoistic.                                                Cas hisses quietly before he gets up to look after Dean, already regretting his decision because even Dean needs some time on his own.                                                               The Winchester is wearing a grey t-shirt and sits on the bed, his back against the headboard which is the only part of the bed touching the wall. His eyes are closed and he would look calmed if he wasn’t breathing that fast.                                                Cas slowly sits down next to him and looks at Dean. “Dean,” he stops for a second. “We can head to a different motel if that makes you feel better.” The Winchester doesn’t answer and Cas is about to say something again when Dean finally opens his eyes and looks at Cas with no emotion.                                                         “I need to get over it sometime Cas. I can’t panic the rest of my life.” He whispers and lies down, back pointing at Cas.                       “Dean we can move the bed against the wall.” Cas tries again hoping he could make Dean change his mind.                                       He still feels like everything is getting worse and he just wants to run from all this and get his old Dean back. Cas knows not to push anything but he can at least hope, right?                                    “I am fine Cas. Just sleep.” Dean suddenly says and Cas stares at his back for a brief moment before he lies down and turns off the light.                                                                  Cas wakes up from someone trembling next to him and he immediately switches on the light the second he realizes it’s Dean having another nightmare. He pulls the Winchester close against his chest and tries to calm him down.                                   “Stop, le’ me go. I can’t-“ “Dean wake up. It’s me, Cas.” Cas mumbles into Dean’s hair and he can feel Dean’s tensed muscles relax a little the second he realizes that he’s with Cas.                     “Sorry, didn’t mean to wake you up man.” The Winchester whispers but Cas just pulls him closer. “Wanna move the bed against the wall?” Dean suddenly asks and they get up to move the bed against the wall to their left.                          Dean lies back down, back against the wall and Cas lies down next to him, facing the Winchester.                                                   “Wanna talk?” Cas suddenly asks and Dean shrugs his shoulders. “I don’t wanna push you Dean but I still think that you should talk to someone.” Cas sighs, this conversation feels way too familiar. “I’m fine. Mostly. I just need some time. And why should I talk to someone anyway? You can’t understand what happened if you weren’t there.” Dean hisses before he closes his eyes.
Cas gets up and Dean just pulls him against him and presses his lips onto Cas’ who fast regains himself and kisses the Winchester back.
“I’m right back.” Castiel assures Dean, gives him a short kiss before he leaves the room with Doctor Smith.
“What now?” Cas mouths to Sam who just shrugs his shoulders, confused and out of ideas, before he helps Dean up to lead him out of the bathroom and into the bedroom.
First he was captured hoping to at least survive the next night, then he was home in a sudden and now he feels like the war was just a too real nightmare he isn’t able to get over a as fast as he’d like to.
He tries not to let his disappointment show, keeps smiling, sits down next to Dean and takes a look into the box. He didn’t touch it the past years because it reminded him of Dean and that hurt too much. There are amounts of records in it and Dean pulls out one by Johnny Cash and stares at it. “I haven’t been listening to him in years.” he says quietly and keeps staring at the record in his hands. Cas gets up and stretches out one hand so Dean can give him a record. The Novak pulls the record out of its shell and puts it onto the record player, waits a second before he presses play and ‘I’ll be home for Christmas’ fills the room.
“Alright. This is just some kind of check up. Dean has been here years ago for therapy so he more or less knows how things run around here.” “What?” he never knew Dean went here for therapy. He knew about his diagnoses so he must’ve been to therapy at some point in his life but the Winchester never told him anything else.
Cas slowly walks into the hallway of the apartment finding Jess in the kitchen. “Hey, Sam said you’re leaving?” her voice is soft and Castiel can’t see any anger in her features. He can’t get out a sound so he just nods and Jess smiles a little before she pulls the Novak into a strong hug. “Take care Cas. And when you feel like the time is right, come here and get Dean alright? Sam and I’ll take care of him.” he just nods again before Jess leads him into the living room where Sam and Dean are sitting on the sofa, staring into nothing.
"Don't you wanna stay a bit?" Dean looked intensely at a poster of Zach de la Rocha to avoid eye contact, but he could feel the graze of Castiels eyes on him.
"Football?! That's awesome!! You could work on a scholarship!" Cas jumped up and down and shook my shoulders.
"Fuck..." His voice shook and his legs started to tense. He moved to all fours starting to move his hips having his face rub up on the bed. His spare hand wandered around the bed and felt something wet. Dean looked over and his face drenched in red as he saw a stain he undoubtedly knew of. He went faster on himself, taking in the smell, the sight, and the thought of Castiel cumming until he came in his hand.
We were both roughly 12 or 13, barely starting middle school. Dad wouldn't be home for a couple of days, so I invited you over. We played in my room with Baby Sammy and when I came back from tucking him in we sat here, on my bed, talking about growing up. You looked so pretty and we finished watching some romance oldies. I can't remember how but, I felt butterflies in my stomach and it somehow felt right when you got close. I thought about how the couple in the movie kissed, how they leaned in and took in each other's lips, you closed your eyes as I crept my hand barely grazing your fingers. My tongue quickly swept across my lips, feeling my heartbeat against my rib cage, as you leaned in and, by god, your lips were so soft. My head was spinning and I felt my body melt; it felt so good though. My first kiss. There was a knock at my door and you almost pulled away but the moment made me feel good in my stomach and I didn't want it to end so I pushed forward, not letting you leave. If Sammy sees I'll just pay him to not tell dad, offer him a toy maybe. My room was dimly lit so he could've thought I was asleep and leave. In the blur that was my mind at the time, I somehow remembered how the man held the woman's hair and shoulders and I wanted to do the same, I wanted to hold you. I rose my arm and moved a centimeter when I heard the door creak open. I opened my eyes slightly, hoping it was just Sammy but, instead, I saw my dad. FUCK. My eyes widened and I pushed Cas away with my hand making him fall back and I threw myself on my back too. My face was red, my jaw was clenching, my heart was still beating, but it was drastically different and I could feel it in my ears. Fuck fuck fuck fuuuuuucckk.
The sky was still dark and grayish and seemed as sad as everyone else attending the funeral. Cas stares at into the grave they just lowered Dean’s coffin into. Dean’s coffin. Dean. They just lowered his dead body into a six feet deep hole with dirt everywhere.
He finds the white headstone sooner than he believed he would since he can’t remember much from the day of the funeral, besides the rain and the pain in his chest.
He turns around and looks at him with a questioning look. “Please call the therapist Dean.”, “I’ll think about it doc.”, “Good. And I don’t wanna see you in my ER again alright?” the Doctor smiles a little and the Winchester chuckles. “Sure. I can do that.”
“I-” he starts but cuts himself off when he realizes he’s been yelling. “I care about you Dean. I love you. Of course I would’ve worried but we could’ve figured out something together.” he sits onto the bed right next to Dean and takes his hand.
“I made you some breakfast.” he mumbles before he gets up and leaves the room again. He just can’t stand to be around the Winchester longer than possible. He’s afraid he might break down and confess his still existing love for Dean over and over again but he can’t let that happen. It’s not gonna help either of them.
The Winchester finishes and Castiel lifts his head to look at Dean. He is staring at the ceiling, eyes a dazed and watery.
Before he can even think about holding back his tears they roll down his cheeks and silent sobs start shaking his whole body. Everything hurts, his chest isn’t tight but it just hurts too much to draw in a deep breath, and he feels a headache building up.
She didn’t believe him but nodded anyway, not forgetting that she said she’ll call him in a few days, asking how he feels and that she’ll drag him to a therapist if she has to.
The new year’s firework starts and a light of red, blue, green and gold covers the dark and cloudy sky and lights up the snow covered ground even more.
I don't believe this is going to be the laat chapter anymore since I really want to continue because I got more ideas throughout those months
“Don’t” Sam pushes Cas back when he tries to go after Dean. “Give him some time.” Sam knows too well that Dean needs a few minutes on his own especially after spending days around many people.
“Alright, there’s not much more I’m allowed to ask you without Dean’s consent so just a few general questions.”
“Do you guys need any help, I mean with covering things up or something like that?” Jess asks softly and Cas slowly shakes his head. “No, but thank you.” Cas smiles at Jess who nods reassuringly.
“I think we have some different opinions on that. You know why you’re here Mr. Winchester, don’t you?” “Call me Dean, otherwise I’ll feel really old.” “Alright Dean. Want to answer me?” “You some kind of shrink?” “No Dean, I’m not a therapist.”Doctor Smith stresses the word therapist and looks right at Dean.
DEAN closes the space between Sam and him and looks at his younger brother with a sad smile before he gets pulled into a strong hug. “Hey Dean.” Sam whispers before he lets his chin rest on his big brother’s shoulder, eyes closed.                                                 Cas realizes that Dean started shivering right before Jess pulls him out of the hallway and into the kitchen.                                    “How is he?” she asks and leans against the refrigerator which is standing next to a window. It started to snow again and Cas watches the snowflakes dancing through the air whirled up by the wind from time to time.                                                 “Cas?” Jess pulls him out of staring and his eyes away from the window. “He’s back for a few days and we thought we’d surprise the two of you.” Cas says with a heartwarming smile, avoiding to actually answer Jess question who just starts smiling too and doesn’t push for an answer.                                               “You planning to stay over Christmas?” hope flickers in Jess eyes and it hurts Cas to shake his head. “We planned to go to Manhattan on Christmas Eve. But I think we’ll visit you on the way back.” He keeps smiling and Jess nods slowly.                                She takes a look into the hallway and realizes that Sam and Dean are still there, wrapping their arms around each other like they’ll never be able to do it again.                                           “Why Manhattan?” Jess asks after a longer pause and Cas looks up in an instant.                                                                     “We’ve been there before Dean’s been oversea and we really enjoyed Manhattan.” Cas answers but looks out of the window to watch the dancing snowflakes again.
“Welcome back.” Castiel whispers and pulls Dean into a soft hug, the Winchester lets him, not having the strength to fight Cas and somehow longing for it.
After a few long minutes he finally steps outside and makes his way up to the door. After taking a deep breath he finally knocks.
Cas gets into the driver seat again and they head to the main road. “You excited?” Dean starts and Cas nods with a big smile. “Why Manhattan?” “If you wanna go somewhere else we can do that but I really enjoyed our last vacation to Manhattan so I thought it would be a good idea.” Cas says, glad that Dean is talking a little. “It’s awesome Cas and I don’t wanna go anywhere else. Manhattan was awesome and I’ve never been there for Christmas.” Dean says with excitement in his voice before he turns the music up and starts humming again.
"Dean?" Cas pulls him out of his thoughts and Dean mumbles a quiet 'yes'. "What did you do?" Cas mumbles into the WInchesters hair where he buried his face in and Dean sighs while Jess keeps wiping off the blood.
It starts to snow again right before they leave the diner and Dean stops walking in front of the Impala and just looks up at the sky watching the snowflakes fall to the ground, the cold, clear air is the best thing he ever felt after twenty months of the sweaty and bloody air in the huts they were in. Cas hugs Dean from behind, slowly so it wouldn’t scare the Winchester and together they watch the dancing snowflakes falling onto Cas’ hoodie, Dean’s flannel and the Impala. They finally cut themselves loose from staring into the grey sky when they hear the door of the diner open, get into the Impala and Dean instantly turns on the radio and starts humming.
“Was nice talking to you Garth. I’ll see you tomorrow.”, “Dean-”, “I’m good man. Still here right?” he smiles even more and Garth nods before Dean turns around to get back into college and to trying to forget that stupid encounter with Garth. It just made him self-conscious of his arms and scared that the arms of his flannel might not play in his favor again.
The Winchester whimpers in pain when Jess starts to carefully press a bandage onto the deep cut in Deans wrist hoping it'll stop the bleeding at least a little.
“What the fuck, Dean? How many drinks did you have?” Castiel finally managed to leave the bar as well and met Dean leaning against the Impala. His face looks sweaty and pale in the overhead light of the few street lamps and he sways heavier then before.
Dean let’s his head rest under Cas’ chin who slowly strokes his thumb through Dean’s hair. “We don’t have to go anywhere if you don’t want to.” Cas whispers after some time but Dean shakes his head. “I want to go to Manhattan, with you, New Year’s Eve. Cas, I really wanna go there with you. Hell, I would go anywhere with you, but please, I don’t wanna go to that funeral. Dean whispers against Cas’ chest who nods and kisses Dean’s hair softly.
Right after dinner Dean excuses himself and slowly walks into the bedroom he shared with Cas the past days.
“Two?” Cas has asked before he just went silent again. Not waiting for an answer. There was no answer for such a stupid question.
“Is everything alright? Did I do something wrong?” Cas asks, his face full of worry and concern about Dean who shakes his head in an instant. “I just- okay this will sound weird as fuck and I hate chick-flick moments so don’t waste this.” Dean smiles a little and wraps his arms around Cas’ neck and moves his face closer to Cas’ until their foreheads are resting against each other.
The wave of nausea hits Dean again and Dean dry heaves into the toilet. There’s nothing left in his stomach and his throat already hurts like a bitch.
His glance goes to a small desk that wasn’t there the last time he was there which was more than half a year. He didn’t see him or talk to for more than half a year.
He finds a payphone right outside his room and at first he accidentally dials Cas’ number but realizes it before he presses the call button. He deletes it and finally dials Sam’s who could’ve been waiting right in front of the phone as fast as he picks up.
“I love you. I love you so much.” Dean moans and Cas presses him harder against the wall, pressing his lips against Dean’s who lightly presses his tongue against Cas’ teeth. “I love you too.” Cas whispers into the kiss and presses even closer against Dean.
The first day of college after a week of living on Cas’ couch was more difficult than he thought. Getting back into the whole having to study process wasn’t easy, especially without any kind of motivation.
“Dean?” a whisper appears behind him and he flinches slightly before he turns around, fear in his eyes until he realizes who’s standing now in front of him. “C-Cas?” he asks, not sure if he’s dreaming. Cas smiles at him, his dark hair still looking like two years ago, short, but still long enough to be lightly pressed against his forehead. He’s wearing a hoodie under his parker but still looks like he’s freezing anyway.
“I tried to wash your shirt but the blood just wouldn’t get off.” right, his favorite Led Zeppelin shirt. He was such an idiot. “I’ll buy a new one, don’t worry. Did you throw it away?”, “No, of course not. It’s still drying in my room. Most of the logo is alright, you can cut it out and stitch it onto one of your flannels if you want to.”, “It’s not that important to me.” Dean whispers not wanting Sam to see how much he actually liked that shirt. “Stop kidding Dean. I know it was your favorite. I’m just trying to bring up options here.”, “I know. I’m sorry, I’m actually just really tired. Had college and that Doctors appointment today.” Sam seems to light up at that. “How did it go?”, “What?”, “Both.” Dean chuckles and lies back. “Well, Garth tried to thrape me, and he knows why I wasn’t there for a week.”, “He what?” Sam looks confused and Dean just shakes his head. “Forget it. Anyways they pulled my stitches and I’ll be fine in a few weeks.”, “That sounds great Dean. I’ll let you sleep now.”, “Thanks.” Dean mumbles and he can hear Sam leave and quietly close his door.
Jeremy and Dean are the only ones left, on one hand hoping to get out on the other hand ready to die, ready to escape that nightmare.
“Dean?” the Winchester doesn’t answer and when Cas carefully looks at Dean he realizes that he is asleep.
“I don’t know what to do Sam. I am done. I thought he would come back, that he just needed some time to realize that he’s back home. But I don’t know what happened over there and I wanna help him with everything I’ve got but I can’t do that as long as Dean isn’t talking.” Sam nods slowly and Jess stays silent.” They offered him someone to work everything through with but he refused, told them he has me and that I’ll be able to help him. But I obviously can’t” Cas whimpers and Sam slowly nods, about to say something when they suddenly hear a cracking noise and glass shattering coming from the bathroom which makes Cas and Jess jump up immediately.
“Is he still taking his prescribed pills?” “I think so, at least he always took them when he was with me. Couldn’t you just ask him that?” “Would he be honest with me if he didn’t?” “Probably not.” the doctor nods and writes something down.
Castiel nearly sprints to the phone as soon as it starts ringing worried something could’ve happened to Dean. He already feels guilty and regrets ending his relationship with Dean but he knows, no he hopes, that this is the right way. “Hello?” “Cas? Hey, it’s Sam.” “Is Dean with you?” “No he took off. A few days ago actually. I thought he was with you.” “He was here Sam. A few days ago, long enough to be back with you and Jess by now.” “Castiel, listen to me. I know you needed some time on your own and that’s perfectly fine. But ou have to find Dean! I mean it. You know how his brain is wired, even before the war.” “Sam, I can’t do it. I really can’t.” Castiel whispers and he can hear the younger Winchester sigh on the other end? “At least try to get him back here with Jess and me. He must be in your area as far as I know him.” “I’ll try Sam. But I’m no magician and he can’t stay here with me. I don’t want it get even worse.” “Trust me Castiel it cannot get worse.” Sam spits out before he just hangs up the phone.
He continues with getting his Polaroid camera and moves over to the door. He opens it turns around and takes a look at the room before he starts taking Polaroids of the room. He can’t just forget what Dean’s room looked like. He can’t forget Dean.
“You haven’t eaten anything after yesterday morning.” Cas adds in a soft voice and Dean shakes his head again. “At least one toast dear.” Jess smiles a little but Dean keeps shaking his head. Sam looks at Cas who looks lost and beaten, not knowing what else to try.
“I’m sorry about the mirror.”, “It’s alright, I’ve been thinking about getting a new one anyway.”, “Don’t just say this to make me feel better.” Dean mumbles but Cas shakes his head a little. “I’m not. C’mon Dean, that thing was ugly.” the Winchester actually laughs at that and the sound warms Cas’ heart. “Good. Wanna get back to bed?”, “Sure, but let me get that glass outta your hand first.” Dean nods and the Novak gets up to get the tweezers and a flashlight so he will actually be able to see what he’s doing.
His life always seemed quite normal. There never was anything happening that people would describe as exciting or something close. He was a stoner and friends with a punk but that didn’t change the fact that his life always had something boring to it. And there were days he wished something exiting would happen, no matter what but at the same time he hoped for his life to stay the way it was because it seemed quite perfect.
“Happy New Year Cassie.” Dean whispers and chuckles lightly before he carefully pulls Cas’ head down and kisses him softly onto the lips.
“I’m sorry, I kinda overreacted.” Dean whispers into the darkness of the room and Cas sighs quietly. “I don’t think I can blame you. And please stop apologizing for things you don’t have much control over.”, “I should have control over my fucking emotions, Cas.”, “Did you take your meds Dean?” the Winchester stays silent and just looks at the ceiling.
After some time Dean starts to shiver lightly and Cas rubs his hand over the Winchester’s trembling back. “I never thought I would ever be able to live with you. Not after what happened.” Dean whispers, holding back a sob. He got so emotional over the past years and he just can’t work out how to live with it. Cas feels tears burning in his eyes. He hates seeing Dean like this, so vulnerable, it’s so not the Dean he met years ago in a bar in Michigan.
Cas slowly pulls the black shirt over Dean’s head and starts to carefully run his hands over the scars on Dean’s back.
“I think we should get back to Dean’s room.” Cas says and starts walking back to the hospital entry when he realizes that Sam isn’t following and stops. “Sam? What is it?” “I- I have to go back home. Dad doesn’t know. And he can’t find out.” Sam whispers, tears in his eyes. “Cas, promise me you don’t get angry on Dean during the next few days alright? I’ll try to come by as often as possible but I can’t promise.” the seventeen year old was full on sobbing now and Castiel just pulls him into a tight hug.
This story is more or less close to an end. Buuut like I mentioed in a chapter before I'm already starting to beta read and add some details.
He looks a little lost. He can’t really catch up with everything that’s happening right now and that bothers him more than he would admit.
“Dean? Is pasta alright? I don’t really have anything else here right now.” Jess sits down next to the Winchester who hasn’t moved since Cas left a few hours ago. “Yeah, pasta’s fine. Lt me help you.” His voice is weak and he looks really beaten down but Jess can’t get herself to tell him to rest so she makes him follow her to the kitchen.
The ride back to Sam’s was unusually quiet since Dean only stared out of the window and Castiel seemed to be at a loss of of words. Nothing he said or did over the past days helped the Winchester at all.
They wake up to the phone ringing on the nightstand next to the bed and Cas turns around to grab it. “Hello?” his voice is tired, it’s nine in the morning but they stayed up until three the last night. “I’m sorry for waking you up. It’ misses Forester again and I wanted to tell you that the funeral will be in Washington, DC.” “Yeah, thank you, I’ll ask Dean later. “How is he anyway?” Mrs. Forester asks with worry showing in her voice. “It was difficult, but it’s getting better.” he whispers before both of them hang up and Cas turns around only to green eyes staring at him. Dean moves closer and buries his head against Cas’ chest. “Cas, who was it?” he whispers, still tired and not planning to get out of bed any time soon. ”It was Mrs. Forester. She just told me the location of the funeral.” Cas whispers, praying that this won’t destroy the progress of Dean’s recovery.
“I just got one bed, I mean I couldn’t really tell her that you are here too, you know how they start to ask questions and-“, Cas stops rambling and takes a look at Dean who looks at the bed uneasily. “Dean, you alright?” Cas closes the door and steps in front of the Winchester to make him look at Cas.
Dean closes his eyes, moves back and leans even more into Cas’ touch which makes his breathing calm down even more. After a few minutes Dean falls asleep in Cas’ arms who can’t fight the urge to sleep any longer aswell.
“Crap.” Cas mutters before he storms into the bedroom to pack a few things in case it’ll take a few days to find the Winchester.
“Hey Garth, how you doing man?”, “I’m doing great, Dean. I mean college is annoying but it’s going well. Where where you though? Haven’t seen you for a while.”, “I was sick, I think I actually texted you last week, man.” Dean smiles and Garth nods while trying to carefully open his lunch box.
Cas fell asleep too after some time and wakes up to a snoring Dean who’s head is still resting on his lap.
Sam smiles and Cas nods with a big grin on his face before he turns to take a glance at Dean who didn’t say anything for a while.
“Dean, don’t worry about this so much. Everybody understands how you feel about the past two years and everybody understands why you haven’t been at the funeral. It’s your decision, it always is. No one can tell you what to do, where to go or how to feel about any kind of situation. If you feel like you can’t do something in this one particular moment, don’t. I know that people are expecting a lot of each other these days, but please, don’t think that you acted the wrong way by not going to the funeral.”
Cas gets pulled out of his thoughts when Dean’s head drops onto his shoulder, eyes closed, asleep. He smiles at the Winchester, a calm feeling creeping through his body. He carefully lifts Dean’s head, not wanting to wake him up now that he’s finally able to sleep. He slowly lays Dean’s head onto the pillow and pulls the blanket over his legs and chest, the he heads to the bathroom to take a quick shower before he goes to bed too.
Dean sighs in relief and grabs some clothes before he heads to the bathroom. Warm water runs down his scarred back and the memories of last nights conversation start to come back which makes him sigh.                                                                            It’s not like it made anything better for him. It actually made him think about it one more time and it’s just too difficult to get rid of the memories again. There is a good reason why Dean usually buries his thoughts deep inside, at least for him.                                                     Not thinking about it means that he doesn’t get reminded of it and not getting reminded means he doesn’t has to deal with it which makes everything seem a lot easier. The Winchester knows that not dealing with his problems is hell of a wrong way but it sometimes makes things a hundred times easier.                                    Cas steps into the motel room and is glad when he realizes that Dean is out of bed and under the shower. He was worried that Dean would go back to not so old habits.                                   He sets the breakfast onto the table and sits down onto the bed waiting for Dean to finish and step out of the bathroom.                        The Winchester finally opens the bathroom door and sits down next to Cas. He’s wearing an old shirt of Cas who didn’t even know he kept it, and blue jeans like usual.                                                “Are you alright Dean?” Cas looks at him and Dean shrugs his shoulders before he says something.                                  “Can we visit Sammy today?” Dean suddenly asks and finally looks at Cas. “Sure. I was planning to visit him and Jess after Christmas Eve but if you want we can head to their place after breakfast.” Cas smiles at Dean who smiles back in relief.
After some thinking Cas turns on the radio. The Winchester starts smiling when the music starts playing which makes Cas start humming to it.
The Novak instantly left the room and the hospital after Dean’s revelation. He knew it, of course he did because it was more than obvious but hearing it right from Dean was worse than getting kicked in the balls. It hurt, it hurt way too much. He couldn’t even describe the pain he was in. He had a headache from thinking so he wandered around the quiet and dark parking lot. There weren’t many people around in the middle of the night which was good.
“Do you think his depression and PTSD got worse over the past months?” “No, I don’t think so, but he’s good at hiding it so I usually can’t really tell.” the doctor nods again and takes a look at the papers in his hand.
“Dean, stop it!” “What have I done?” Dean’s mumbling gets louder and the Novak stops fighting with getting a good grip on Dean’s wrists.
“Sammy, man, I’m proud of ya” Dean gets up and hugs Sam then Jess before Cas does the same before they finally start eating.
The Winchesters wrists are still wrapped with white bandages but otherwise Cas can’t spot anything out of the ordinary.
I finally managed to write Chapter 2 after months. I had a lot to do so I didn't manage to just sit back and write until now.
The nurse leaves them on their own and Jess leaves too, tears in her eyes. Cas and sam remain silent for a while until Sam leaves too to look after Jess.
What didn’t fit his life where the sounds and smells of the emergency room of the hospital he was currently in. The smell of disinfectant heavy and making him nauseous. He was sitting on a cheap plastic chair in a small waiting area watching the stuff rush into one of the operation rooms to his right. It was quite late at night and there weren’t many people in the waiting area but the few who were looked nervous and beaten down. He probably looked the same.
Jeremy was his closest friend over there and he feels like he left him behind because he was way too selfish.
They then put the record back into the box with the others before getting into the Impala and Cas starts the motor. “Ready?” he asks with a smile on his lips and looks at the Winchester, who nods and squeezes Cas’ hand for a brief moment. They head off for the five hour drive Castiel planned to stay at a hotel for the first night. “I planned to drive five or six hours every day. We would arrive in Manhattan on Christmas Eve." Cas says after an hour of them listening to music and silently staring out the windshield. “Sounds like a plan.” Dean mumbles and Cas nods.
The Winchester isn’t sure how he’s supposed to get any sleep that night. He’s never spent a night alone after he came back. It wasn’t always Cas lying next to him but he at least had some one to reassure him that everything is alright.
When the thought to just jump crawls into his mind he takes a huge step back. Scared even though it just sounds peaceful to him but maybe that’s what scares him the most.
“Oh, yeah right. I missed you Dean.” he mumbles and smiles brightly when he actually manages to open his lunch box.
“I’m sorry.” Dean whispers and finally looks at Cas. Really looks at him, not that look where he’s somewhere far away.
The Winchester makes his way into the bathroom, washes his face and puts on some clean clothes before he grabs his bag, locks the door behind him, pays for the room, gets into the Impala, looks for a nice diner to eat breakfast at and then settles for the last miles to Sam’s apartment.
“I really need to go man, I owe him that. I feel horrible for not appearing at that funeral, for burying myself in my mind to escape all the pain.” Sad and lightly red eyes are looking at Cas, his freckles standing out more than usual framing his green, tears leaking eyes.
“I figured out that this is real-“ “How?” Cas asks, curious. “I am able to feel pain I feel happiness even if it’s just momentarily.” Dean smiles a little. “I’ve never felt any pain in my dreams, or any kind of happiness.” he continuous.
“It doesn’t work out.” he states dryly before he puts the car into drive and heads for the house which actually is not that far away.
“Do you wanna talk about it Dean?” he asks, voice softer than just a moment ago, but Dean shakes his head. “I don’t think there’s anything to talk about Cas.” He nearly whispers and pulls back completely, wiping the streams of tears from his cheeks.
“I don’t wanna go Cas, please.” Dean whispers and Cas nods, a lump in his throat. Dean pleading makes Cas realize how much he misses his old Dean, the invincible man who flirts in every situation no matter how inappropriate it might be.
“What’d you do there?” Garth suddenly asks and Dean sees him pointing at his right arm. His flannel managed to ride up a little and shows quite a lot of the huge band-aid he used for covering the stitches.
Since the joint is finished he gets up, throws the last part of it on the ground, waiting for it to completely turn into ash.
“If that’s alright with you?” “I wouldn’t have asked if it wasn’t right? No need to treat me like some broken whatever.” “I am just concerned Dean, that’s all.” Cas chokes out.
“Dean, it’s me.” Cas tries but Dean nearly punshes him which irritates Cas for a brief moment. “Stop it, Dean, please.” Cas tries to finally grab Dean’s wrists to stop him from punching him but he realizes too late that it’s his left one, where the wound is, which is not completely healed and it just seems to make Dean’s panic rise.
“Dean, we’re here.” Cas wakes up Dean as careful as possible but the Winchester still flinches a little before he finally realizes where he is.
The snowflakes are dancing around them and Dean realizes with every second that passes more and more that he isn’t dreaming.
Cas gives the present to Dean with a smile who takes it shyly but with happiness in his eyes and opens it slowly.
“You’re home Dean.” He whispers and Dean wraps his arms around Cas before he buries his face in Cas’ neck tears burning in his eyes. He’s home, safe, he has Cas back and there’s nothing to worry about, right? “You waited for me?” Dean whispers and Cas nods, his lips pressed into Dean slightly longer hair. “I’ll always wait for you and nothing can change that.” Cas whispers and feels how Dean nods slightly.
“Stop staring, man.” Dean chuckles and Cas shakes his head a little, smiling, relieved that Dean’s mood is nearly back to normal at the moment.
“Cas, that’s such a beautiful view.” Dean whispers in excitement and Cas slowly wraps his arms around Dean from behind to let his chin rest on the Winchesters shoulder who carefully grabs Cas’ hands.
“Is it alright if I wrap your wrists?” he asks softly and Dean just nods and lays his hands into Cas’ lap. The Novak carefully wraps the stitched up wounds with the white bandages and pulls Dean into a hug as soon as he’s finished. They stay like that for a few minutes before Dean pulls away a little.
“Was it heaven?” Dean asks, suddenly remembering, “I thought only angels had the power to bring somebody back.”
Dean pauses. He has to take a moment to digest that, cursing himself for forgetting that Cas is a borderline genius," Seriously? Which ones?”
Dean deflates, realizing that Cas is a lost cause, “This is the holy-grail of snack cakes, Cas, and you call it ‘alright?’ I hate to break it to you, but you are one weird guy.”
Dean gives up on ‘mingling’ and instead settles on the couch, where he’s greeted with another odd character, one with messy dark hair and piercing blue eyes that he fixes on Dean immediately. Uncanny is the word that comes to mind for this man who sits to himself, not talking to anyone. Except that it suits him, and he looks more likely to be in a dated painting than sitting on a reality TV show. The contrast is so surreal that Dean tries to find it amusing, but it settles into intimidation instead.
He swivels around, feeling like he’s being watched from behind, and when he faces front again there’s Cas, lying on his back with his eyes closed like he was in the bathtub. He looked normal, now dressed and unwounded, and even his skin was its normal hue instead of the ghostly white of earlier. Dean kneels, cupping a hand to Cas’s face and thumbing a finger across his cheekbones thinking that the sensation might rouse him.
They can hear the lich shouting behind them, declaring that they’re thieves and that he will slaughter them and use them as skeletal servants until the end of time, but Dean tries to block it out. The only thing he can focus on, now, is getting he and Cas out of there. They manage to remain fairly unscorched as they race out of the tunnels, but it’s that tight, chest-to-wall squeeze that will be the death of them.
Benny laughs at his sudden anxiety, “Not to the other guys, no, but for me? Well, I’m somewhat of a love expert, so…”
“We just wanted to talk–” Alphie starts as Max fidels with a keyboard, interrupting any conversation with a video.
Cas balances Dean’s head in between his two palms, looking into his eyes as they pull apart. He’s no longer crying, but the tears still pool on his face. He gives Dean a small smile with no fight left in it, "Okay."
Every time he’s with Cas all the memories just disappear, he never thought that anyone could make him feel like this, hell, five years earlier he didn’t even think about being with a man.
Cas steps out of the shower and puts on some clothes for the night before he looks at some pictures of Dean and him from their trip to Manhattan, a ritual he did the past years. He doesn’t know why he’s doing it right now so he just stares at them. Manhattan. That’s where they could go for Christmas. Cas starts to smile and puts the photos back onto the nightstand.
“We’ll work it out. We always work things out.” Cas whispers and feels how Dean nods. They stay like that for some time, foreheads resting against each other, Cas’ hands still cupping Dean’s cheeks, eyes closed, both breathing calm.
“Alright. We aren’t together anymore Dean, I can’t forbid you to meet other men.” he tries to let his voice stay calm and not break but it’s more difficult than he thought.
Dean refused to get any help again. He had told the nurse that he had family who cares for him and that it’s enough for him to recover.
THEY pack their bags into the trunk of the Impala before they turn back to Jess and Sam. “See ya.” Dean hugs Jess before he turns to his little brother. “Thanks for letting us stay.” He whispers and pulls Sam into a strong hug. “You can always come and stay as long as you need Dean. I’m glad you’re back.” Sam whispers and pulls his brother closer. “Me too Sammy.”
The Winchester’s breathing becomes faster each second that passes, his eyes wide in pure panic. “Dean, hey, it’s me!” Cas finally yells at him and in one smove movement he grabs the Winchester’s wrists to secure them from throwing more punches before he grabs Dean’s shoulders and just pulls the Winchester into a strong hug.
“We won’t go to the funeral, Castiel!” he hisses, anger in his voice before he leaves the room, leaving the rest behind, lost.
“Dean, you telling me that you don’t think you deserve to live is definitely something to talk about.” Cas whispers after some time and looks up when Dean doesn’t answer. He just sits there, staring at Cas, no emotion in his eyes, just staring at Cas and still kind of through him.
What if he forgets his voice? There is no record of Dean’s voice. How is he supposed to remember the Winchesters- how can he make sure that he will remember everything?
“Dean? Are you alright?” he hears Cas’ voice come through the phone and has to suppress a sob that’s crawling up his throat. “I don’t know.” he answers truthfully, his voice embarrassingly high and raspy. “What is it? Where are you?” Cas sounds worried and Dean sniffles a little before he answers. “Hospital parking lot. I just called that therapist. I have an appointment in two weeks.”, “Holy shit, Dean that’s great.” the Novak sounds like he’s about to jump around and it makes Dean manage to get control over his emotions again. “Yeah, I don’t know. It’s weird.”, “Yeah of course it is, but I don’t know. I can’t even talk to you how am I supposed top talk to a stranger.”, “I know you won’t believe me Dean, but talking to a stranger can be easier than you think. He doesn’t expect anything but honesty. He’s a licensed therapist, he won’t judge you.” Cas sounds sincere and like he actually did some research. Knowing him he probably did. “Thanks Cas.” Dean rasps out while wiping away the tears left on his cheeks. “Not for that dean. You going home now?”, “Yeah, I have to. I promised Sammy.”, “Be careful Dean. And if anything happens, I mean anything, you grab Sam and you come live with me alright?”, “Yeah. Love you.”, “Love you too.”
“Why don’t we share the bed?” his voice seems deeper, but it could also just be tiredness. It always made Dean’s voice unbelievable deep, raspy and of course, sexy.
Dean starts kissing down Cas’ neck who presses his head into the pillow, moaning. Dean starts undressing Cas’ hoodie and starts to place kisses all over his chest.
The snow keeps falling and buries the grey asphalt under its beautiful shimmering white. Its four days until Christmas and Cas has never been as excited for Christmas. The thought of spending those days with Dean again makes his heart jump in overwhelming joy. “Dean?” Cas realizes that Dean had started to cry, face still buried against Cas’ neck, arms still wrapped around Cas’s chest while silent sobs shiver through his body. Cas presses his lips into Deans hair and breathes in Deans well known scent. It feels so unreal, all of it, holding the Winchester in his arms again. “Dean, hey, wanna go home?” Cas asks quietly, careful not to push Dean in any direction and gives him time to answer. “I’m home.” Dean whispers while pressing his body closer against Cas’, seeking for the warmth he hasn’t felt for four long years. Cas feels tears slipping down his cheeks and he buries his face in Dean’s hair again. He won’t let the Winchester go another time.
Dean buries his face in the crotch between Cas neck and shoulder and they keep their arms wrapped around each other not wanting to ever let the other go.
“Dean, stop that act!” Cas yells at Dean again who flinches in surprise. “What act?” he laughs and is about to leave the car when Cas grabs his wrists to stop him from leaving now.
Cas stops the car in front of their home and takes a look at Dean who’s riding shotgun. The Winchester’s head is leaning against the closed window of the Impala, eyes closed, breathing calm. Cas realizes how Dean relaxed the second he got into the car. Cas looks out of the window and at their house. He promised Dean that they would own one the second he comes back and Cas kept this promise.
Dean takes a fast shower and just lets himself fall into the bed. He just has to fall asleep before he starts thinking again. Because if that happens he’s probably not gonna get any sleep at all.
“Cas?” Sam appears next to him, his eyes red and he’s sniffling. “You coming?” the Novak shakes his head a little. “Can’t leave him now Sam.” he whispers and looks at the coffin again. “You can’t stay here forever.” Sam whispers and pulss Cas into a hug.
He believed he could help Dean but right now he feels just worse and more helpless than before.                                           “Thanks.” Dean whispers which surprises Cas who just stares at the Winchester confused. “For what?” his voice is nothing more than a whisper. “For being you, for being here, for listening. I know that you don’t know what to say right now and you don’t need to. Just- just stay.” Dean moves closer against Cas chest if that’s even possible. “Man that was hell of a chick-flick moment.” he whispers before he closes his eyes and drifts off to sleep.                                                                   The next morning Dean wakes up to an empty bed and panic rises inside of him until he discovers the small piece of paper on Cas’ pillow.
“C’mon I’m awesome, doc. Really. I have college to get back to.” “I think that will have to wait Dean. I hate to break it to you but you are here because of a suicide attempt. I am allowed and supposed to put you under suicide watch. And you can either make the next seventy-two hours really hard on yourself and be placed in a mental health facility after, or you work with me and get to decide whether you want to go to a mental health facility or continue therapy from home.”
The silence seems strained and like something or someone is about to explode in a matter of seconds. But no one does.
“Fuck it.” he whispers, gets out, grabs his bag and goes up to the door and inside. The hallway is quiet and he takes off his shoes and is about to sneak into his room when his father appears in the doorway to the living room.
He has to talk to Cas about his memories some more. Cas deserves to know what’s going on inside of Dean’s mind, he promised to tell him so he wouldn’t need to see a professional.
He bends over to get his Polaroid camera from his bag and stops when he feels the dog tags dangle around his neck. Dean’s dog tags. He forgot to give them back to him.
He already felt better, lighter. Pot always made him feel better. He knows he’s probalby addicted by now but he agreed with himself that there definitely are worse things than being addicted to pot. There’s always something worse.
“Cas?” he hears Sam’s voice and a knock on the door. “Second.” he rasps and gets up to not look like he lost it all. He opens the door and looks at Sam.
“Cas, I’m trying alright. What I said earlier, about me wanting to die. I don’t. Really, I mean it, I don’t want to die. And at the same time I want to because I don’t wanna live anymore, at least now like this. Not with all that shit up here,” he points at his head and closes his eyes for a second, taking a deep breath before he continues.
“You ever even cooked pasta?” she laughs while Dean tries to figure out how the stove works with a light smile on his lips. “No, not really, Cas-” he falls silent and he seems to look at something not exactly here. “Dean, hey come back here.” “Sorry.” “It’s fine. You know how to cut tomatoes?” Jess asks with a laugh and Dean actually chuckles before both of them start making dinner.
Castiel opens the door only to stare into the Winchester’s face. “What are you doing here Dean?” Cas asks in an angry tone and he doesn’t miss the fact that Dean flinches a little but seems to recover really fast.
“Dean, I’m gonna take you to our- my house. You can head to Sam and Jess in a day or two.” “Why do I have to leave? Cas we can work it out. I know we can.” Dean nearly whimpers, definitely sounding drunk now and it breaks Castiels heart. But he is set on his decision. He can’t do it anymore. He misses Dean. His Dean. The Dean before that stupid war. The Dean that never came back.
They release each other and Dean gets into the passenger seat while Cas gets into the driver seat and starts the motor. They wave at Jess and Sam through the rear view mirror for a second before they turn around the block and out of view
They push the bed against the wall before Dean disappears into the bathroom to take a quick shower. Once the Winchester closed the bathroom door Cas sinks down onto the bed and cups his face in his palms. He misses Dean, his Dean. He didn’t come back to Cas and he doesn’t know what else to do. ‘Give him time’ he thinks to himself and sighs. That doesn’t really help. He misses everything of Dean. The way the Winchester always teased him until Cas agreed on something, usually another hour of horrible music, or the way Dean was singing along to all his records not just humming. He misses all the time they spent together before everything went to shit, all the vacations, the nights in Manhattan, all the kisses they exchanged and placed on each other bodies, the way Dean always used to touch him-
“Dean, are you okay?” Cas moves closer to the Winchester and lies one hand onto his shoulder. “Sorry.” Dean mumbles at Sam and Jess who just nod at each other and stand up to let as and Dean have some time on their own.
He holds back a sob and wipes his now tear streaked cheeks with the arm of the flannel before he pulls out the letter.
Cas looks through Dean’s room. The room he’s still staying in. He hasn’t moved a thing besides the sheets on the bed since he arrived and he swore himself he’d keep it that way.
Cas strokes his thumbs through Dean’s hair before he slowly lies the Winchester down and gets off the hood and opens the back door of the Impala.
Cas slowly opens the door and sees the Winchester lying in a bed under the window staring at the wall in front of him. Eyes blank and unfocused like most of the time over the past days.
Dean is staring at one of the trees in the garden, not blinking and eyes looking like he’s somewhere far away.
“Good. She’ll be here in two. While she’s talking to you might I steal your friend and talk about paper stuff with him?” “Sure.” Dean answers, sounding really tired and beaten down.
When the Novak steps back out of the bathroom he finds the Winchester standing in front of the rather huge window and looking outside. They’re on the first floor and have view over the hospital’s garden. A few people are walking around some are just sitting on the benches installed all over the small garden. It’s not raining but the sun isn’t shining either, coloring the world in a grayish tone.
“Dean, don’t tell me this isn’t real.” Cas says in a confident voice before he softly presses his lips onto Dean’s. He missed the feeling of Dean’s lips more than he would ever admit. He missed the excitement creeping up in his stomach when Dean finally kisses Cas back pulling a little away from the wall and closer to Cas and wraps his arms around Cas’ neck. Both of them pull away after some time to catch their breath and Dean lets his forehead fall onto Cas’ shoulder constantly mumbling apologizes into the other man’s shirt.
He pulls out the small box where the ring for Dean was in and the tears he held in for days just roll down his cheeks.
“I’m Castiel Novak, we talked on the phone.” the bartender doesn’t say anything anymore but Dean feels how he leaves to give him and Cas some space.
They work fast and get Dean out in less than ten minutes, showing Cas to come with them. Jess nods at the lost looking man and reassures him that Sam and she will follow them in any minute. Cas nods  before he leaves with the ambulance.
They’ll eventually have to clean this room. They’ll eventually have to throw everything out. They’ll have to and he wishes they wouldn’t.
“He can help you dealing with your problems-” “What fucking problems Cas?” Dean stands up and the Novak flinches at the sudden movement. “The problem that I wanna fucking kill myself or what? Or the problem that I’m worth shit? Or maybe the problem that my Dad turned into an abusive bastard? He can’t help me with that. He can’t! Why can’t you just fucking accept it?” Dean yells and just storms back into the bathroom shutting the door loudly and locking it right away, leaving Castiel seemingly frozen on the sofa.
“I’m sorry, Sammy.” Dean whispers and pats his little brother’s back before he looks up at Cas. “Le’ me greet my boyfriend kiddo.” he smiles a little and Sam makes some space for Cas.
Chapter 6: Dean go hurt real bad and had to go to the hospital to stop the bleeding. The nurse there really wanted him to see a therapist but Dean reassured her that he and Castiel can work it out and that he doesn't need to see a professional and that he's fine. Cas meanwhile is really worried about Deans condition which doesn't seem to get better but wants to give Deans self-therapy a shot. (They end up having sex and that's right where Chapter 7 starts)
“I’ll try something.” Dean whispers after minutes of just staring into each other’s eyes and he slowly rolls around so he is facing the wall and his back is facing Cas. He then moves away from the wall and closer to Cas. He trusts Cas more than anyone right now and he told himself to forget about what had happened so he has to start with something.
"They've told him before but he refused." Cas whispers and the nurse looks a little confused. "Who's they?" Sam sighs. "he just came back from  oversea." We don't really know what happened, he's not the talking type." Cas suddenly realizes that Jess and Sam know less than he does but he isn't about to change that right now. It's still Deans decision.
As soon as the Novak lets go Dean crawls backwards against the sink not caring about the shards of glass cutting into his bare hands.
“I have an idea for Christmas.” Cas whispers into Dean’s hair who looks up a few seconds later. “What about a road trip? We’ll start tomorrow and we’ll be in Manhattan on Christmas Eve.” Cas whispers and looks into Dean’s eyes trying to figure out what the Winchester is thinking but there is no emotion in Dean’s eyes. No sadness, no happiness, just like he’s dead with the difference that he isn’t. He sits in front of Cas a slight smile on his lips but it doesn’t reach his eyes. Dean leans forward, lets his forehead rest against Cas’ and closes his eyes.
Dean obviously punched the mirror in anger and the knuckles of his right hands are swollen and could also be broken. His left wrist got slit by what had to be shattered glass and is now bleeding heavily.
Cas sits down onto the chair next to the bed and just stares at his hands. He shouldn't have told Dean about Jeremys death. It just made everything worse. He should stop to be that egoistic asshole for Deans sake but he can't stop it, obviously. He thought he would just tell Dean and everythig would be just fine vut now it feels like Cas fucked up, which he kinda did.How is he supposed to make that right again. He still is kind of sure that Dean actually tried to kill himself but even if Dean would admit it they couldn't tell the doctors, they wouldn't let the Winchester leave and Castiel is sure it wouldn't help the Winchesters recover.
“Garth knows by the way.” he states while Cas watches him from the doorway. “Yeah, Dean, I told you that lying to him wasn’t gonna work.” “Yeah, I tried. Don’t want him pitying me too.”, “No ones pitying you Dean.”, “You and Sam are, Ellen too probably. And I bet that Bobby knows by now too.”, “Dean. We aren’t pitying you. We’re just worried.”, “It’s basically the same.”
Don't read if you get triggered easily. I'll summarize this chapter at the beginning of the next one. So if you decide to not read this one you'll still know what happened.
“Is it possible that we can see him now?” Cas asks since Sam seems a little overwhelmed himself. “Yes, that’s possible. I’ll allow you to to stay the night. But only this one, and under one condition: no heavy talk tonight. If he decides to start a heavy topic, fine. But give him rest, he really needs it.” Sam and Cas nod and the doctor smiles a little. “Good. One last question and then you both can go see Dean. Sam, is there anyone else I have to notify tonight?” “No, there’s no rush. I’ll do that in the morning.” Cas intervenes and Sam nods before they are led to Dean’s room by a black haired nurse.
“Fuck.” he whispers and sits back in the seat. “Fuck!” he yells, punching the steering wheel and his breathing becomes faster but this time he realizes it soon enough to get it back to normal. Breathe in. Hold. Breathe out. In. Hold. Out. He repeats as long as it takes him to calm down enough to not end up having a panic attack again and starts the motor to look for a motel before it gets dark.
He wakes up from the sound of machine guns being fired and has to look twice to realize that he’s in the motel room he must have fallen asleep a few hours ago. Dean swings his legs over the edge of the bed and lets his gaze settle o the small window where he can watch the sun rising. He takes a look at the clock hanging over the headboard of the bed and chuckles in relief. It’s a little after 8:00 and he actually managed to sleep through without any nightmares until now.
“He-” Sam’s voice is raspy and he stops. “He- fuck.” the Winchester starts shaking and Cas can tell he must be crying. “Sam, the doctor will-” “He tried to fucking kill himself, Cas. He-” Sam seems to completely fall into himself so Cas hugs the seventeen year old close to his body, tears now gathering in his eyes aswell. He can’t tell if they’re from anger, disappointment or jut plain sadness, but dares not to let them fall. Sam needs him.
“Cas! I asked you if I could get a pull.” “Sure.” he just hands Sam the joint, not really thinking about it.
He just said goodbye to Sam and Jess and put his bag into the Impala – Sam urged him to keep her and he agreed after a lot of arguing – when Sam runs out of the door and pulls him into a tight hug again.
“I- Cas, I don’t need you to understand. You probably don’t and I’m fucking glad that you don’t but- please don’t hate me now, you know how much I love you. I do. But- thing is, there’s no joy for me in this world anymore. Not in watching Sammy grow up and become himself, not in college, not in driving the Impala, not in listening to music and- fuck. Not even our relationship brings me joy anymore. I don’t- I just- I, I can live without the joy in everything, but you, my boyfriend, the guy I really fucking love not bringing me joy anymore that’s a new kind of fucked up.”
Dean wraps his arms around Cas’ neck when Cas lifts the Winchester up and presses him against the wall before he starts to place kisses all over Dean’s body.
Castiel found a dark and mostly hidden spot, sat onto the paved ground of the parking lot, pulled a joint out of one of the pockets of his beloved Trenchcoat – Dean usually mocked him for wearing it literally all the time – he lit the joint and inhaled deeply.
Cas wakes up from Dean moving which makes his eyes snap open worried Dean could be suffering from another nightmare but instead he just gets up and out of bed. The Winchester walks around the room to grab some clothes and that’s when Cas realizes the thick pink stripes of skin covering nearly all of Dean’s back. How didn’t Cas recognize this before?
All these lives he ended with his own hands, all these lives he wasn’t able to safe, these people are in front of his inner eye, screaming at him why he didn’t save them, why he left them alone. He never really cared about himself just wants to make sure that everyone around him is safe. And at the same time he doesn’t think he could ever live alone.
“Dean!” pictures of Dean lying on the floor bleeding shoot through his mind and he pounds against the door. “Dean, open up, dammit!” he yells and waits for a response but when there’s none he doesn’t wait to get something to open the lock. He’s glad that those stupid doors have even more stupid locks.
Sam lets himself fall into Jess arms once the door is closed. He buries his face against her shoulder snd they stay in the safe embrace for a moment before both of them pull back a little to look into each others eyes. "I'm sorry Jess." Sam whispers and Jess leans forward a little to let her forehead rest against his. "For what?" "For this. I wanted us to have a great Christmas with Cas and Dean and now it's just messy." Sam whispers. He's not blaming Dean for anything, how could he? "Wanna head for the hospital?" Jess suddenly asks and Sam nods, thankful that she pulled him out of his thoughts.
Cas gets up and pulls out a small present. He doesn’t want to push Dean into a conversation about his feelings he knows how much Dean hates it.
“The nice nurse told me that she knows someone who could help you to get rid of the pain.” Dean really needs someone who can actually help him and Cas is afraid that he can’t.
Dean slowly gets up, suddenly drained of whatever energy was left and slowly goes to their bedroom to pack the little stuff he brought with him.
“Dean.” the Novak tries a little harsher but nothing happens. He cups Dean’s cheeks between his hands and turns his head so the Winchester is looking directly at him.
All of this was just tearing at his mental health. He never was the healthiest guy on the planet but he never really had problems with anything, not even his mental health. Which was something he learned to praise throughout the years. He watched a lot of his old classmates fall into the deep dark of depression, he watched Dean slip into major depression. He was and is still glad that he didn’t. Glad that he is somewhat able to help Dean. Until now.
He believed that Dean was getting better with every day and now it’s even worse than when they started the road trip.
He doesn’t want to leave Dean and at the same time he feels like he can’t stay any longer. Can’t watch the Winchester fall apart any longer.
The sun is already up and Cas blinks some times to to get his eyes used to the light and the shimmering snow.
He isn’t sure how Dean is doing right now, all the emotions he was showing over the past days are just gone, turned into whatever and Cas doesn’t really know how to handle it.
“I want you to take them.” “Sam I already have the Impala.” “Please, Dean would want you to have them.” he smiles sadly and just puts them over Cas head, not taking ‘no’ as an answer.
“Wanna come inside?” Cas asks which pulls Dean out of his thoughts and he nods. Cas slowly opens the door and leads into the comfortable looking, not too big, hallway. The yellow glow of some decorations throws a warm and calming light onto the cozy looking furniture which is made out of mahogany. Dean feels tears creeping into his eyes but he holds them back and smiles a little. When did he become this emotional? Cas smiles back at Dean and squeezes his hand slightly before pulling the Winchester into the bedroom. He lets Dean sit down on the king sized bed and realizes in sorrow how Dean instantly presses his back against the in light grey painted wall but he remains silent.
Dean searches for Cas hand and grips it lightly. “I love you Cas.” He whispers and Cas nods. “I love you too.”
The moment they shared after the fireworks seems forgotten just some happy memory in the back of their minds that could’ve happened years ago.
Sam sighs, he knows how this will end. Dean will try to fool everyone only achieving to fool himself. Then he’ll get angry because he doesn’t know how to express his feelings in a different non chick-flick moment before he actually breaks down.
“You’re back early.” is the first thing he hears when entering Cas’ apartment and it actually makes him smile in earnest. “Hello, Cas. ‘Hello, Dean. Nice to see you.’” he joins Cas in the kitchen and gives the Novak a light kiss. “But, yeah, I have that hospital appointment in an hour and I wanted to see you before going there.”, “You could’ve seen me after.” Dean sits on a chair in the kitchen and looks at Cas. “I have to go back home. Sam called, said that Dad is furious that I’ve stayed away for so long. And-” Dean looks at the ground fiddling with the hems of his flannel. “Sam said Dad knows.”, “Shit, how?”, “Apparently the hospital called because of insurance since I’m still living with him, I don’t know man. But Sam said he was with Jess and he couldn’t pick up and they actually got a hold of Dad. It’s just really fucked up and he’s fucked up and angry and I don’t want him letting that anger out on Sam.”, “Then get your brother out there. He can stay here with us, I still have a spare room.”, “We’ll have to wait until he’s eighteen, you know that.”
He stops at the cemetery and puts the car into park before turning off the engine and pulls out the letter Dean gave him. He is about to read it right in the Impala when he decides to get up and to the Winchester’s grave first.
“Cas, Dean. Jess and I- , Cas?” Sam stops next to the bed where Cas and Dean are on. One man curled up against the wall staring into literally nothing, the other just sitting on the bed staring at his feet.
“Family of Dean Winchester.” a male doctor appears in the waiting area and Sam jumps up instantly.” “Yeah, how is he?” the seventeen year old stumbles over the words, nervousness kicking out the sadness he felt only a second before.” “I am Doctor Smith. You must be Sam Winchester, right?” Sam nods and the doctors gaze lands on Castiel. “Who are you? Are you related?” “No.” Cas shakes his head a little. “I’m Castiel Novak, boyfriend of Dean. Sam called me.” “Alright. So, your brother Sam, he’s through with surgery. We managed to pump the drugs out of his system and we stitched him back up. He had some blood loss but you calling the emergency that fast saved him from further complications. Since you mentioned that this was a suicide attempt,” the doctor stops and Cas can see Sam swallow visibly. “Dean will be put under seventy-two hour suicide watch. After that he can decide if he wants to stay here for therapy or if he prefers going back home. I will tell him all this at a decent time tomorrow. I think this will only upset him more tonight.” Castiel and Sam nod and the doctor smiles sympathetically.
He writes down the number and the bartender makes the call, actually reaches someone, talks for a minute before hanging up again.
“Planned to do it privately with Sam and Jess.” Cas whispers and Dean chuckles, “not like there’s another way.” and Castiel has to laugh aswell.
“I don’t hate you Cas. Maybe I want to but I simply can’t.” “Why?” his voice is quiet. He wants Sam to hate him. He needs Sam to hate him he can’t stand him seeming so soft and calm. “I can’t because I know how much you love him.” “He’s dead Sam. He’s- he’s dead.” Cas sobs and gets pulled back into a hug Sam’s hand rubbing up and down his back softly trying to calm his shaking body.
“Dean, wherever you are right now, it’s not real, you have to snap out of it.” with hope he looks directly at his boyfriend but nothing changed. “Dean! Snap the fuck out of it!” Cas half yells and slaps the Winchester who stumbles back at the pain radiating through his cheek.
When he reaches the huge house he has to stay in the Impala a little longer since there’s actually light burning and Cas seems to be home. Something the Winchester hoped would not be the case.
Sam pads lightly onto his older brother’s shoulder and Dean squeezes Sam’s hand a little before Sam leaves the room behind Jess.
He feels happy for his little brother and he always wished that he’d find someone he’s happy with. But after everything that happened the past years Dean never thought about experiencing this.
“I-” his voice breaks and Sam has to start anew. “Dean wrote short letters to Jess and me and there’s one for you in the upper drawer here.” He points at the desk and it’s three drawers but none of the men makes a move to actually open it.
“Would you mind moving the bed against the wall on the left?” “No problem, let’s do it.” Cas answers in a calm voice but internally he could scream right now. Not at Dean or anyone, just to let out all his anger. He really wants to know what happened to Dean but he can’t push the Winchester to talk about it because it would just make everything worse.
HE steps through the door and gets nearly knocked down by the cold air. He stops and looks at the cloudy, grey sky and the thick snowflakes falling slowly onto the ground. He hasn’t seen snow during the last two years and he takes in a deep breath of the clear and cold air. Some cars are driving on the small street next to the military airport he just left behind. He stares down the street, not knowing what he’s supposed to do now.
As soon as the lock clicks open he opens the door completely and lets out the breath he didn’t know he was holding when there’s no pool of blood on the floor.
What he actually knows is that he’s sitting in the living room of the apartment a now cold cup of tea in his hands, Jess next to him. No one has said a word. Not after Jess hugged him, told him that somehow everything will be alright, that somehow all of them will make it through, told him that Sam is in the hospital with Dean, told him that he has a low chance of making it and told him that she believes he will after he managed the past two days.
“Perfect, gonna let you sleep then.” he moves over to a cheap plastic chair and is about to sit down when Dean speaks up again.
Dean doesn’t know what he expected. Maybe Cas freaking out, yelling at him, maybe even crying or at least looking hurt. But the Novaks face is calm and he just looks at Dean.
When the Winchester wakes up he needs a moment to actually figure out where he is before he remembers what happened and sighs in relief when he realizes that the tightness in his chest is gone. The lump in his throat is still there but it’s bearable.
He slowly gets into the Impala and just breathes for a few seconds before pulling out his phone and the number for that Chuck guy that the Doctor gave to him. He stares at his phone for a few seconds before he just dials and presses call. No turning back now.
Sam Winchester called him not ten minutes ago his voice thick with emotions and he jumped right out of bed. He thought he’d meet Sam right in the waiting room but the Winchester hadn’t shown up until now.
“I guess we’ll see each other again sometime.” he whispers. “I sure hope not.” he hears Castiels quiet voice and has to force himself to not break down here and now but at least leave the house and never look back.
They stand there, panting, arms wrapped around each other, cold water running over their hot bodies. They sigh lighty at the knock. “Merry Christmas.” they whisper at the same time before Cas pulls out of the embrace, grabs a towel and steps out of the shower to answer the knock on the door.
“You can take a shower if you want.” Dean steps out of the bathroom just wearing boxer briefs and Cas has to keep himself from staring at Dean’s now even more visible abs. Cas nods before he gets up and Dean steps out of the bathroom door to let Cas through.
The fireworks are still lighting up the sky and dancing snowflakes, creating a beautiful and shimmering mix of silver and golden glowing everywhere.
Dean’s head is resting against the window of the door, his eyes are closed and his body is way more relaxed than the past days.
Dean’s eyes look dull and there are dark circles under them. Cas eyes roam over the Winchesters arms until they stop at the white and thick bandages around Dean’s wrists. They seem clinical and at the same time horrifying.
Dean leans into the kiss while he slowly starts to open Cas’ trouser and slowly pulls it down Cas’ in excitement shivering legs.
He never managed to get across the country as fast he did after Dean’s call. He somehow managed to call the ambulance and get them to Sam’s apartment. He somehow managed to find a duffel bag where he threw some clothes into. He somehow managed to get the car started. He somehow managed to put the car into drive. He somehow managed to drive with his shivering hands- with everything shivering. He somehow managed to not think the whole drive.
“Can I come in for a second?” the Winchester asks and the Novak nods. Sam sits down in the chair in front of the desk without moving it at all and looks at Cas with sadness and pity in his eyes. Or at least that’s what Cas believes it is.
“Cas? Hey what is it?” Dean pulls him out of his thoughts. “Nothing.” Cas smiles and Dean kisses his chest again. “Wanna keep going?” Cas asks pulls at Dean’s shirt and the Winchester nods with a smile.
“He needs you.” Sam sits down next to Castiel and stares at the door. “I know. But I can’t do it Sam.” he gets up and starts packing the few things he took on the trip. “I thought I could. But I can’t. It fucking hurts to see him like that, Sam. I don’t know who came back but the Dean I know died over there!” Cas yells before he keeps throwing clothes into the bag he brought. “Cas.” Sam stops his voice breaking. “Sam, please leave. I’ll say goodbye in a minute.” Castiel whispers, his back to the Winchester who just nods and gets up to leave the room. “Think about it.” he just states before he closes the door behind him.
He looks at the mirror and realizes that it’s shattered with a little blood on it but nothing particularly alarming.
They drive until the late afternoon and stop at the next motel. Cas gets a room while Dean gets the bags out of the trunk and he is about to enter when he stops and takes a closer look at the house. It is build out of dark brown wood which looks kind of old. Dean looks up the two stories high building and watches the snow fall onto the already in snow covered roof.
He packs his duffel bag, puts some of Dean’s shirts and flannels in there, he can’t just forget his scent, he can’t just forget everything, he has to remember everything as long as possible. He can’t just never sees his clothes again. He didn’t want to change anything in the room but he doubts that the closet will be opened just for fun.
“You won’t here much from me the next days since besides checking you stitches there isn’t much to do for me. But I’ll introduce you to hour therapist in a few minutes and you’ll be spending a lot of time with her. Alright?” It wasn’t really a question since Dean really had no choice but he nodded anyways.
Every thought, every memories he has from the past two years comes rushing back in a sudden, colliding with happy memories of him and Cas but drowning them again in an instant.
I am not sure if this chapter is any longer than the last one, but once I actually finished this story I'll definitely beta-read the chapters and all that stuff.
CAS steps next to Dean and lays one hand onto the Winchesters shoulder and Dean leans a little into the touch before he pulls away in a sudden. “I’m getting sick.” He mumbles and runs into the bathroom on the other side of the hallway.                                   Cas apologizes to Jess and Sam before he rushes after Dean.                       The Winchester kneels in front of the toilet, silent tears running down his cheeks by the time Cas enters and crouches down next to him.                                                                               Dean wipes the tears off his cheeks and tries to smile at the other man. “Better?” Cas looks at Dean’s pale form, his freckles standing out and his eyes lightly red.                                           “Yeah, don’t think I’m hungry anymore. I’ll just sit down with you guys.” Dean tries to stand up but gets hit by a new wave of nausea and has to throw up again.                                                The Winchester sighs and lets his head rest on his arm before he chuckles slightly.                                                            “Guess I’ll stay in here while you go eat something.” Cas nods but doesn’t want to leave Dean on his own again.                            “C’mon man, I’ll call ya when I need help. Just eat something I know you’re hungry.” Dean chuckles again and Cas stands up but stays for a second longer.                                                      Dean started acting like before he went to war. Not talking about his problems and acting like he’s fine all the way. Which wasn’t such a big problem when his problems were surprisingly little compared with now. Still Cas didn’t like it back then and he won’t now. He knows that Dean isn’t fine and that is worse than Dean acting the way he did over the past days.                                                  “I’m back in a few minutes.” Cas kisses Dean onto the cheek before he joins Sam and Jess at the dinner table.                                He sits down next to Jess and is relieved when he is finally able to take a bite of the food.                                                  “How’s Dean?” Sam asks after Cas had a few bites of the pasta. “I’m not sure but I don’t think we’ll make it to Manhattan tomorrow, not as long as he’s like this. We can also go there for New Year’s Eve.” Cas mumbles sounding a little disappointed.                                      Of course he is. He was hoping he and Dean could spend a nice Christmas in Manhattan but he can’t push Dean in any way.                         “You can stay here over Christmas and you can head off to Manhattan by the time Dean’s feeling better.” Jess says with a warm smile and Sam and Cas nod at the same time.                             “I’ll go and take a look after Dean, take your time Cas, I’ll call you.” Sam reassures him and Cas nods before he continuous eating his pasta.
"When we used to play with my cowboys in the backyard," he pointed at the shelf above his low drawer, "and how grossed out you would get when I caught a lizard or gecko thing."
Dean looked up at him now, wide eyed, surprising Castiel as well, "What?? No, no I don't... I'm not... maybe at party's when playing, like, kissing games or truth or dare but never with real intention and it's never more than that. If anything Gabriel is the womanizer!!"
Dean twirled his pencil by the eraser watching the led drill into his half written note page letting the historical facts walk through and out his brain unnoticed. He was barely sat right with his face planted on his other hand being held up on the desk where he was practically drooling and dozing off until the shriek of the school bell sparked him properly awake. Dean swiftly threw on the letterman jacket with his name tightly plastered on the back and brushed up his books into his backpack. He joined the crowd huddled at the door shouting his goodbye to the teacher as he left the classroom. His groupies joined him outside laughing at the gossip that goes around their school about girls who are and aren't available and teachers with their tests and sharing answers. Traveling through the crowd, Dean and his buds threw around the football from across the halls constantly hitting against lockers and the occasional freshmen who had yet learned to dodge them like their older peers had adapted to.
“Y’know... I heard that alcohol makes one more sensitive...” Castiel took Dean’s dick into his hand, massaging it up and down.
"Shut it." Dean grunted but avoided looking at Cas. His buds walked past Castiel glaring, Lucifer playfully shoved against him laughing. As they all parted ways, Dean felt the tension between his eyebrows come up.
“Shhh it’s just... just the beer...” Dean’s face burned up as Castiel chuckled. He pulled the underwear down just enough for his dick to came out; Dean inhaled.
"Yeah, y'know I'd like to keep something above a 70." Coach Singer raised his eyebrows in agreement, Bobby would look over his grades before Dean signed them for his dad when he wasn't back, and looked around the locker rooms. "What's all this? You seen anyone before you came in?"
"Yeah, guess not," he thought for a bit, "guess I wanted to conserve some of the memories." He sat up and saw Castiel leaning on his door frame smiling and exhaling a laugh.
“Mm! M-ah!! Ah! Fa... Faster...please!” Dean squeezed more, picking up speed. One groaned into another’s skin and the other moaning into the air. Castiel came, followed by Dean.
"My name is Castiel you ass, I'll staple your balls to this board too if you say any shit like that to me again." The kid whispered a small apology and hurried away. Dean watched Castiel walk away. He only got a glimpse but was sure of what he saw and felt his face warm up; he tried avoiding him, knowing he'd gawk and burn red at the sight of that skirt on that body.
“Oh, hey Dean!” He looked over to see Megan on Lucifer’s lap as he talked with an outside linebacker from a school near our district. “Cas is still here, man. I told him you were here for some time now.” Dean went up to them and stole the bottle of vodka Meg was holding and drank what she had left.
Dean hung out and chatted with his friends waiting until everyone left and made up an excuse to go back to Castiel.
"Oh," I felt myself get warm, "yeah it's all thanks to my awesome teacher." Lee chuckled with a short nod.
"I miss you." No response. "Why don't you come over? After school, on weekends maybe, I never bring the other guys to my place. I bet Sammy would love to see you again."
“My back...” Dean stretched out his arm around Castiel, adjusting his hand to rest on his shoulder blade. Castiel wrapped his arm around Dean’s head and rested his head in the nook of his shoulder. Dean’s hand crept close to both of their skin and hesitated.
"Uh then," Dean pulled at Castiel and gave him the remainder of his flyers and the tape, "go hide in the last shower stall on the right, no one goes in that one." Castiel nodded and rushed out.
"Look kiddo, I'll get you something you really want for Christmas if I can scrap up the money for it 'kay?" Dean attempted to convince.   Sam sighed and stepped out the way. "You're a champ!!" Dean hollered as he shut the door behind him and hopped into his dad's impala.
“Ca-... I’m... I’m gonna... huff ahh ah..!” Dean felt Castiel’s mouth fill up with his warm substance. Castiel pulled his head back, taking it in.
"I missed you Sam! Tell me what's new? You still the master magician?" Dean from afar watched his brother’s  eyes light up. "I'll go get his cards. Be right back."
"Oh hey, found you. I thought I'd stay around to help out since my day's clear, but I ran out of flyers." Dean had eased his way into being able to look at Castiels' eyes without burning up.
Dean sat down in his seat pulling out a notebook as the lecture started. Lucifer turned his body around in his chair to face Dean, "Hey, so, I heard Meg is having a party at her house later."
“It’s fine...” Castiel looked up at Dean’s lusting eyes and reddened face. He ran his hands up his thighs reaching his briefs; he jokingly snapped the waistband.
On his way to lunch, he saw him chatting with Meg in the hallway that had kids parked outside their lockers still. He gave her a small awkward grin, which was returned with a glare. He walked past them, turned around to look at Castiel, and jerked his head, signaling him over. Castiel said his goodbyes and followed Dean into an empty hall.
“Well, all that won’t help you, not that you can think when sober,” the crowd around him laughed. He shook them off. Dean took a swing at the nearest glass bottle of who-knows-what other than it burned and tasted bitter as hell and made him feel warm until he finished it and hazily turned around and attempted his way down the same hall where the rooms were. Dean lumped his body against a door with a loud thud.
"Well duh, last I saw he was in the living room playing beer pong." Dean thanked him and found his prankster buddy being cheered on as he nailed the game like the professional he was.
"Aw c'mon, do me a solid why won't ya?" Dean laughed and noticed a stain on Castiel's neck. "Hey you got some'n," Dean made a scratching motion at his own neck.
"Dean? Are you done yet!" Sam yelled from outside his door. Dean scratched his head as he put his phone away and grabbed his letterman jacket and backpack.
I left him there as we went into the locker rooms to change. As I was finishing changing into my normal clothes, Lee and a group of kids came my way, some snickered and others whispered among themselves.
He panted for a while longer, "Fuck," he whispered. He wiped his hands clean, did his pants, left the room and the party taking a bottle of beer to try to forget what he just did.
‘Lee is a lot like my dad, so would he think the same about me and Cas? Friends don't kiss and I kissed Cas who's a boy and I'm a boy!! He's gonna think I'm a gay, gay, he's gonna think I'm gay and gross. Will he ground me? God I'm sooo grounded and he's gonna rip me a new one and he's gonna... Will he make me stop seeing Cas??? Fuck fuck fuck... No way he doesn't even know him! Ugh but- oh god What if Lee finds out I kissed Cas... He's gonna... Oh god I'm so gross, so nasty...’
He turned around to see his dad come out the front door, changed into his everyday clothes, and waved at the two. "Shit." They got out of the car and greeted their father and followed their usual routine. He attempted to text the number he had gotten, but the number was invalid, leading him to leave Castiel the signs outside, leaving the Impala outside on the driveway and the porch light on, and noted how it was going to be a long week or two.
Dean chuckled with an indestructible smile as he speed walked past Sam and towards the door. "Better, Sammy." He opened the door to show Castiel dressed in a Black Flag t-shirt, ripped jeans, and docs. He was facing away from them, but when he heard the door open he turned around to see Sam; he grinned and bent his knees slightly alongside raising his hands, pointing both index fingers out to his head. Sam was astonished as he watched Castiel kick his leg back, mimicking a bull as he charged at him only to grab him from under the arms and pick him up.
"Right, well, thank you..." Dean watched the skirt lightly float up as Castiel twirled around to leave. Dean stood for a minute replaying it in his head, with girls it was fun to see them in short skirts but there was something about that modest one that felt promiscuous in his head. Dean ran his hands through his hair a few times before leaving the locker room to join Arthur and Benny.
“Of course,” Castiel whispered reassuringly, raising his hand to Dean’s hair. Dean held both shafts and started moving up and down.
“Ha... haa... mm...” Dean dropped his head onto Castiel’s shoulder panting on his neck making Castiel trembled. ‘God... it’s so hot... so hot... he’s sweating, ahh, under my... hand...’
“Yeah and your high,” Dean whispered, leaning back in. Dean sat down beside him, his hand unknowingly crossing over on top of Castiel’s thigh, and stayed there. ‘He feels so warm and hot... I want him to be closer, I want to... god I’m burning up, like, everywhere.’ Castiel rolled his tongue into Dean’s mouth, making him twitch. Dean lifted his hand from his thigh and cupped Castiel’s face. Castiel soon narrowed the space between the two of them and draping his hand on Dean’s knee, gliding it upward, Dean’s leg tensed up. His hand grazed Dean’s boner, making him twitch, and undid his belt. Castiel pulled away, watching Dean lean forward to nothing but air, chuckled, and got onto his knees.
"Cas?" Dean whispered at the door of the shower rooms. Castiel peaked his head out from the last shower stall; Dean cocked his head back, signaling for them to leave. Dean showed him towards the back exit.
“Yeah, and like their third album...” Dean drifted his eyes across the blurry crowd of kids in front of him, looking at the backs of a small group in the corner. ‘I’m just gonna leave…’
“You look like a fun one too...” Dean felt the girl slid her hand on his thigh and his jaw clenched; he whipped around to look at her.
"Mm... nnh.. ah... ah.. Ah.. Ca- uhhh..." he felt the warm substance fill his hands. He sat there for a while trying to calm his heartbeat, ‘Just wanna be friends...’ Dean sighed loudly rubbing his eyes with his clean hand.
“Ah...” Dean exhaled. Castiel stuck his tongue out, letting his saliva graze his shaft just before he put him in his mouth. Dean gripped the bedsheet with one hand and covered his mouth with his other hand. He blushed and felt himself burn up and get embarrassed watching how Castiel moved his head and watching when his tongue would slip out and drag against him. He let go of the bed and reached for Castiel’s head delicately feeling the texture of Castiel’s light curls.
"Oh uh, Cas?" I threw my uniform in my bag, Uncle Bobby was going to let us wash our clothes at his place this weekend.
"Ayy!! It's the one and only!! Here, your turn, you madman." And then started the round over round of games between the frisky teens where kisses were exchanged, clothes were taken off, beer spilled, pairs went upstairs, the games moved from room to room.
"Yep, let's get going." Dean and Sam both rushed out the door speeding toward the Impala arguing over whether Sam could sit shotgun; he did anyway. Dean jammed out to You Shook Me All Night Long by AC/DC, blaring it loud enough that the inside of the Impala trembled.
“Oh, uh no it’s, uh, not weird just, uh, you just caught me off guard!” Dean looked her up and down, ‘She’s pretty, I guess, but...’ Dean looked back around to the guy in the corner. It was Castiel. He was holding onto another guy’s arm, blonde with spiky hair and usual build. ‘Finally, but fucking hell! Really?!’ His eyebrows furrowed.
It was two months into 6th grade and puberty still hadn't given full effect but I had developed a more masculine and muscular toned body which was all I was asking for out of the phenomenon. God did I really want to grow up already, look the part and live it too.
He walked in to see the oddly empty and quiet room. He heard a sudden shuffle beside him. In a flash he felt a forceful grip on his arm, a harsh pain on his calf, the pain of falling onto the cold floor, and a heavy weight on his back.
After speeding to Meg's house, he waltzed in giving out high fives to his friends and looked out into teen filled rooms. There were people already drunk and stripping, a crowd of jumpers and head boppers dancing among themselves, several drinking games taking place, and there never fails to be a good one or two couples borderline having sex on the couches at parties like these.
"Shut up, you fool!" Dean laughed and jogged back into the building where he quickly showered. As he dried himself off the bell rang announcing to anyone within 15 feet of the school that school was now in session, and Dean scurried into his clothes.
Dean fetched the cards in Sams' now well organized cabinets and considered sitting next to Castiel but decided it'd be best not to. He sat on a chair across from the couch Castiel sat on watching the two of them chat and play. After some time had passed Sam let him join as they were about to play a board game.
"Play outside you ass, shouldn't you be in class," the messy haired lad got up and dusted his pants, "playing football will surely get you into a hotshot college, thank god, 'cause those grades say otherwise I'll bet."
"You gay, buddy? A lil' fag?" He gave me such a glare and the guys behind him were having a freaking laughter fit, ‘What the hell is gay??? Isn't fag like a cigarette or something?? I don't smoke...’
“Ha... yeah...” Castiel moved Dean’s hand away and got up. “Hey uh, Meg and Lucifer are going to have a party at her house next week if you want to come...” Castiel leaned against the bathroom door.
"Damn right," Coach ruffled Dean's hair, "You can stick around for your friends if you'd like. I better see you and the boy for dinner tonight." Dean nodded.
"Not technically," Castiel gave Dean a glimpse, it had been a long time since he'd seen Dean so close up and have the chance to take a proper look at him, he noted Deans tight band shirt and casually 'loose' fit pants. "But Dean, I don't think it'd-"
"Oh, he'll graduate next year then. Unless he flunks." I laughed as we reached my house, "Want to come over this weekend? I think my dad will be back after that and stay for a week or two."
"Forgot something?" The guy exhaled. Dean closed the door behind him, not letting the sight of him go.
"Meg and I are close, even if she is a feisty little thing. Though I can't deny that I like that." Lucifer chuckled as he joined scribbling with Dean.  "C'mon there's for sure to be alcohol and girls there..." Dean wrote down a yes to which Lucifer celebrated quietly drawing a smiley face to then turned back around in his seat.
"Hey Winchester! Go further imma launch!" One of his teammates shouted. Dean joyously smiled and lightly jogged backwards watching the moment his pal would shoot the ball and, as the warning bell rung, he eyeballed it flying across the heads of students and below the hall lights. The ball was headed towards the other side of the hall across from Dean. He leapt towards it, merely scrapped the leathery surface of it, and tackled a bystander, bringing them both down. Dean cursed as he got up, looked at who he knocked down and grew serious.
Dean eventually ended up in the garage among the stoners, lost from his previous drunken group. He wasn't much of a smoker now a days but he did have an occasional like now as he exchanged with Clark Barker, who was hopefully at least a freshmen not from his school but somehow always at these parties and always providing. He light his blunt taking in a deep inhale and while the smoke cleared up he watched a couple in the corner canoodling, he didn't look at them directly but through the corner of his eye. Two guys. ‘They are... kinda on top... of each other..,’ Dean noted. They were facing each other, an inch apart at most, one blowing smoke towards the other. A rather "good" tension could be felt from even where Dean sat which made him tense up a bit. The other inhaled the smoke and leaned closer for a kiss. Dean almost finished up the joint in one go as he watched the scene go down. They spread apart and exchanged words. One of the guys started running his hands up the other's leg and rested on his waist. They continued to talk for a while, exchanging smiles, smooth and handsy movements were made until they finally finished their smoke, holding hands, one being dragged by the other upstairs. Dean contemplated the hundred thoughts in his head for five seconds when he got up, handed his leftover joint to Clark who sat beside him, who happily accepted, and followed the couple.
"Oh cool. Well, uhm, I'm not, like, punk but like, can I help you put up posters? I noticed I didn't see any flaming pink in the science wing and I'm heading there next." Lunch detention for cheating on a quiz on ions, but he didn't feel the need to share that.
"Ahh, alright..." Castiel reaches his arms out to him, making Dean panic at first, raised the towel to drape over his head, they both smiled.
Dean turned back around, "Then how about I do some and then we can go somewhere after?" He started going down the steps.
"No, heh, I have a bigger waist than them apparently... I, uh, was with a guy who was into this..." In Dean's head, he drank a glass of milk and snorted it out from his nose.
“Yeah...” Castiel sighed, “Could you, just...” The guy looked back at Castiel and exchanged incomprehensible mumbles. The young man turned back around, glared at Dean, and stomped out reaching for his thrown pants slamming the door behind him.
"Yeah sorry Coach, I, uhm, had to do a thing for a teacher." Dean saw his teammates come in giggling among themselves at Dean getting scolded.
Dean gulped, “I was gonna wait to see if you even came over and if you did, I would’ve taken you to an arcade... I was gonna pay and stuff ‘cause I got my allowance that day from Bobby and, ugh, I was... I wanted to bring you back to my place to... hang out... later...” Castiel exhaled, closing his eyes and slid his knee off Dean to rest on the other side of his body and dropped his other leg to his knee. Surprised, Dean looked down seeing Castiel’s thighs pressing on top of him and he was letting his weight fall onto him remembering that Castiel had his arms pinned down. ‘He’s... on me... like... like...,’ he looked away immediately and tried to calm down. He focused on the furrowed eyebrows that Castiel had on as he thought. With further inspection he saw he had new marks around the base of his neck, some visibly fading though. Castiel opened his eyes and leaned down to Dean’s face, and the grip he had on Dean’s arms loosened. Castiel chuckled Dean laughed nervously. He noted how heavy Castiel was the closer he was now, definitely a pressure on him, but it felt good.
“Mmph...” Dean put tension as he rubbed the two of them together. Dean toyed with both of their tips, feeling the slimy precum erupt out. Castiel instinctively grabbed onto Deans arm and dug his head into his shoulder.
"Ngh... ahh uhh...." he moved faster, pressing tightly on his dick making him shudder, biting on the fabric of a pillowcase, as he thought of those bright blue eyes coated in lust looking at him shining with ecstasy.
Dean immediately stood up, “Uh, I don’t think we can, uh, hang today. I don’t have any protection so...” He felt himself sweat nervously.
My first game took place a couple of weeks later and I played a few more that semester and each one I'd see Cas in the crowd cheer for me. Just before winter break, I had my first real game with against another school. I was pumped, I wouldn't stop talking about it with Cas who just kept hyping me up. I looked out into the crowd before the game started and saw Cas yelling and cheering, my face got warm for sure. Needless to say but, we won and by a long shot too; my teammates all bumped chests and gave out assorted handshakes. I looked around for Cas and saw him jump the fence and run towards me; I let my helmet fall onto the ground as I picked up his small, light figure and spun the both of us as we laughed and he congratulated me. When I let him down he congratulated me and started rambling about the other team, but something bothered me; in the corner of my eye I saw Lee looking at me, kinda mad looking, and he whispered something to the other guys. I tried to brush it off and follow along Cas's conversation.
"Hungry? If that's the case," Dean landed on the floor with a little jump and dramatically turned around, "then we can just stay at home." Castiel's jaw vividly dropped.
Dean walked towards the kitchen to see Lucifer already warming up a girl’s ear. Dean chuckled and looked through the alcoholic options. Three kinds of whiskey, four gins, seven types of tequila, and he noticed several crates of regular beers all over the house. Dean assumed the college kids brought their own to hype the party up more. Dean cracked open a can of beer and looked up at Lucifer.
"Good. Try outs are tomorrow here on the field. I'll see you then." The boy got up and left. I would later found out his name was Lee Webb he's an 8th grader who was captain of both the soccer team and the football team. I learned to love him as if he were my older brother and respected him a whole lot. I followed everything he told me to do, after all he was older and that's what my dad taught me to do. He and my other teammates taught me how to be and act like a grownup man from what their dads taught them.
Dean waited to hear the front door shut and rushed to his room he undid his belt and, leaning against his door, looked down to see that he was hard. Dean pulled out his dick and started rubbing himself, ‘Fuck he felt so big against me, so muscular, I wanted to touch him... so mm... so badly... And, and-,’ Dean was starting to breathe heavily. He lifted his shirt and bit into it as he slid his own hand over his chest making his back arched; he let out hushed moans. ‘God why does he smell like that, so good, so go- mm so fucking good! And he... he's so... big... so big...’
"You know... it wouldn't kill you to hangout more; not just with Sammy." Castiel exhaled smoke, this time away from Dean.
Castiel chuckled, "I like how you assumed it was Gabe, it was Lucifer." ‘Him too,’ Dean thought, "Well, fine, I'll put you on science wing duty, you have to get your own stapler though," he handed Dean a pinch of papers, "practically cover the boards, I'm staying after school to slap some in the locker room and lockers in the hallways if you'd like to join." ‘I have practice but I can miss it for today...’
“Ah... mm...” His head spun, ‘His mouth is so... mm...! So hot and ah... ah... wet... he sounds so... ahhh mmm... I wanna... I wanna...’  Dean dragged his hand up Castiel to the crown of his head and tried to push his head deeper. Castiel took his hand off Dean’s thigh to slap his hand off. ‘Fuck... mm... ahhh but the noises... he’s making... aahhh plea-...’
Winter break came and I had my first kiss. I remember what I thought that night after Cas left. I turned off the lights immediately and jumped under the covers, sweating nervously, so I wouldn't have to talk to dad.
“Nervous?” Castiel dragged his hands down Dean’s arms and onto his chest. ‘You’re looking at me... like that..,’ Castiel thought. Dean’s hands slid down the tiled floor to crawl up Castiel’s thighs, feeling their shape. He licked his lips as his eyes grazed Castiel’s lips, but in the corner he noticed the bruises again. Dean, eyeing them, ran a hand up feeling his backside and his stomach and his chest as he continued upward until he reached out for Castiel’s neck pulling down on his shirt collar slightly tracing a finger by the spots of fading bruises.
"Oh please, I know you love it Sammy!" Dean said as the chorus kicked in. He dropped off Sam at his middle school and took the shortcut to get to his.
"Shut your pie hole," Dean rushed to the closest mirror and checked himself for the 30th or so time that morning. His Led Zeppelin shirt that showcased their self-titled album cover art, still in perfect but used condition, his usual blue denim pants and dark shoes, his hair spiking up slightly, he rustled his hands through it again knowingly, and he shaved without a scratch this time. He gave his reflection a wink and rolled his eyes at the sound of Sam sighing at him.
"Dude no, I heard some college kids are gonna be there. They could wreck you for doing the wrong move." Dean threw on his father's handed down brown leather jacket.
Squinting at him was Castiel Novak, a popular figure, as in the not the good type of popular, among the students of Kansas High School for being an infamous target for most high schools: loner punk, highlighted queer, reputable background, honors kid.
"That's only for paying supporters," Dean teased. Castiel held his hand up and clasped the hem of Dean's shirt between his middle and pointer fingers.
“Ah!! Ahhh!” Castiel bit his lip shut. Dean bit and sucked on Castiel’s skin from shoulder to shoulder, focusing on his neck. He used his hand to push him closer as he rubbed the two faster and faster. He felt flustered as Castiel started to lightly thrust into Dean’s hand and dizzy to hear him moan.
"What?" Dean had trouble looking Castiel in the eyes, so instead looked at the corner they just turned.
"Hmm, well, watching such activities does make me hungry. So keep that in mind when you think of a place 'kay?"
“Y’know, you’re such a good listener..!” The girl told him. ‘I’ve been here for a fucking hour or something! Damn. I know, like, no one here...’
It had been at least a week and half and he would catch only a glimpse of him in the hallways, but Dean hadn’t been able to talk or see Castiel at all for all that time.
"Damn straight." He lifted his fist at me and I bumped it back and they all left me alone for the day.
“Yeah, sounds good.” He thought, ‘Why bother staying if he won’t even show up?’ Dean squinted his eyes at a kid in the corner who had his back to him, with slightly curly hair looked familiar. ‘Mmmm.... turn around for a bit, would ya?’
"Hey kid, I saw you playing," I had a fleeting moment of hope, "You're kinda shit with your legs, no offense," oh great, thanks man, "but you're a good goalie, good hands and instincts, I think you're better off trying out for football instead." And I thought, ‘Not what I was expecting, but it's still a sport.’
“Son of a-!” Dean jumped, spilling half of his drink onto the floor, looking down to see Megan beside him. She rolled her eyes and turned to pour herself a shot of tequila.
"Better be, I don't expect to have a queer in my team that'd be mad gross." The guys behind him grunted in agreement.
"You know the rule, Sammy." Dean returning his hand to the steering wheel, tapping it against the leather.
"... I did have practice, but uh, I'm so good I can afford to miss one or two times. Plus, I wanted to join you." Dean's eyes wandered down to the hem of his skirt, "You should go, they're gonna get suspicious for being in here too long."
Later that day, I looked up what gay meant and was confused. ‘Just two guys who like each other, doesn't seem gross. I like Cas. Ohhhhh did he think me and Cas...? Like... like-like? I mean... hm. Wait- so does wanting to be with... another boy make it gross?? Would that make me gross? Lee said it so, like, angrily...’
He walked into the dinner room where they had pushed the dinning table against the wall to make room for kids dancing to the blaring music. Dean awkwardly walked over with his head bobbing up and down to the current song’s beat, not that he really enjoyed the song or even knew of it, and poured himself half a cup of soda. He stood there a while looking at the others carelessly swing their arms up and bump hips together and couples grind against one another.
He caught a glimpse of which room they went in. Dean stood at the top of the stairs and his eyebrows furrowed. Dean could feel his heartbeat in his ears. ‘I'm gonna break that fucking door. I'm gonna break the door down. I'm gonna break that fucking door down,’ ran through his head. He walked up to the door and gripped the door handle. Dean breathed heavily, ‘I'll just wait.’
He played Aerosmith's Toys in the Attic as he picked up Sam, playing Walk This Way twice, and drove home. Dean parked the Impala with a grin, unable to wait until Castiel came around when he heard Sam realest himself, "Dad's home."
“You’re not as sneaky as Batman as you would like to think, bitch.” Castiel was sitting atop of him, a knee between the shoulder blades and keeping his balance with his foot kept on the ground and pressing down Dean’s arms above him.
He sat across the hallway looking at the door. He sat there thinking about what he was going do, what he was going to say. His foot tapped rapidly and ruffled his hair occasionally. He sat there 30 minutes when one of the guys headed out the room.
"Oh! Yeah... Thanks." instead of attempting to do something about it, he simply raised the collar of his shirt. It took Dean a while, but he got the memo and looked Castiel up and down.
“Mmph,” Dean’s body grew warm as he swayed closer to him. Castiel pulled away, “Dean, you’re drunk...”
"Hey yo Cassie, show little ol' me a lil' something more, huh? Long skirts are so prudish." Some kid in the crowd shouted at him and without a second to waste Castiel turned around glaring at the exact kid pointing the open stapler at the bridge of the kid's nose.
Dean looked through half of the school for Castiel until he found him headed towards the boys’ locker room.
“Dad... it was a surprise. I didn’t know...” Castiel lightened the force. “I wanted to go with you... I just... I really did..!” Castiel forced Dean around onto his back, sitting in the same position, knee on his chest, looming over him. They stared at each other, one more glaringly at the other though.
"Actually, it's kinda late to show off right now. I still have to shower and stuff." Dean got up but turned to look at Castiel, "But, if you'd like, you can come over and watch."
Me and Cas sadly didn't have a lot of classes together, but we still met up after school and when doing group assignments or to study. Cas was really the nerd whose nose was in a book, whereas I took an interest in sports. The school had different options but from the sight of kids just sitting on bleachers was disappointing, but the soccer team seemed to be the most active so I decided to give it a try. After casually playing soccer with the other kids, I sat on the bleachers panting my lungs out and sweating profusely and my legs ache, an older looking kid sat next to me.
"Sammy, you clean up your room???" Dean yelled inspecting the clothes in his drawers. Saturday had arrived and Dean had given the house a one over with a broom, inspecting all forgotten corners and even dusted.
"No it's cool I just wanna be friends again." Dean felt his heartbeat gain speed. He gave a weary smile, scratching the back of his head.
“Wha... what do you mean??” Dean’s eyes relaxed as he stared into Castiel’s dripping down to his lips.
"I guess, but you gotta plan ahead y'know! Middle school could be your practice time so in high school you can impress top dollar schools, or local, with you skills! Imagine it, Dean! You could get a full ride!" His eyes twinkled.
"Why do you care?" Castiel asked again. Dean didn't respond he, instead, sat slowly on the corner of the bed with his back facing him.
"Oh my god!!! It's Cas! Cas! Omg!! Hahaha." Castiel placed Sam on his shoulders and circled the living room with sudden U-turns and harsh turn around until he finally threw both him and Sam onto the sofa. They were a giggling mess.
"It'd be difficult for you, still, I think..." Castiel dropped his head down, sucking in more of the nicotine.
"Saturday, but only for Sam." He left. Dean got up with a smile and sped over to lock the door. He turned around slowly, kicked the air, and stared at the bed. He remembered that he was here with someone else for a moment which angered him a bit, but he let it go. He stood with his knees on the bed and let himself fall on his side; he tapped his finger on the mattress being engulfed by the bed. He could smell the sex and both people but Castiel's natural scent stood out considerably more; the smell of dark oak and linen possibly a flower of some kind. Dean felt his face get red. Dean thought about how he just had sex on that bed, ignoring that another person was with him, and how his face must be look like when doing it. He imagined Castiel's eyebrows furrowed together with his eyes shut tight with his mouth agape having moans escape him. His face reddened imagining the range of Castiel's moans, hoping that they dropped deeper than his voice. Dean clenched his jaw, slowly undoing his belt and pants and felt himself. He engulfed himself with the smell and started to move his hand. He felt himself get harder and harder in his hand and his breathing got heavier.
Dean holds his breath and perches on the ledge as Sam sits up a little, certain that something could be wrong: that his brother’s eyes could fog up black or he could start speaking in that cool cadence that Lucifer used. Yet Dean’s chest eases a little when Sam’s face pulls up in a half-smile, almost apologetic, and he says, “Dean.”
“So how did it go?” Dean prompts when Cas arrives, back from his first one-on-one date, plopping himself next to Dean without so much as a greeting.
He watches as Cas slips into the water in the same manner, the pink feverish hue of his neck fanning across his chest and curling to a stop just where the skin of his stomach breaks free of his boxers. He wades to where Dean is standing and, by some sort of unspoken consensus, they both turn their eyes to the sky.
Cas isn’t surfacing from where Dean saw him disappear, and Dean hopes he hasn’t done something stupid like swan dive into the concrete bottom. It lends him urgency as he paddles through the cool water and dives underneath, eyes stinging against the intrusion of chlorinated water, and fumbles around searching for Cas’s solid form.
“Dean Winchester.” Something in Dean wants to add on a ‘sir’, formality seeping through nonetheless. He tries again, remembering where they are, “And you?”
“Maybe we could use club soda instead?” Cas asks, bringing their egg problem back to the forefront of Dean’s mind.
“I’m—” He’s about to say something snarky, but is struck with a sudden paranoia that Cas will know he’s lying. Or deflecting. Back to being a bug under a microscope, maybe Cas has sussed out his mannerisms and is already reading Dean like a book. Dean opts for the truth, as close as he can put it, “My last relationship didn’t end very well. I was hoping to get back in the game.”
Before he’s fully free, the camera crew sets up in his room and films a sequence of Dean getting a knock on the door, opening it, and finding a date card that declares Dean is lucky enough to get a one-on-one date. He smiles down at the white piece of paper, but as soon as the cameras leave the edges turn down.
“Well, uptight can be good. Sammy would like if I took things more seriously.” Dean contrasts, even though Cas’s definition of ‘uptight’ wasn’t in like with Dean’s.
He lands awkwardly but is back on his feet in a flash, sprinting towards where the limo starts its slow crawl towards the gate. He has to cover quite a bit of ground to even make it to where Lisa and the contestants stand outside, and he runs so hard a stitch forms in his side. The arms of his suit jacket are constricting, so he jerks it off and flings it to the side in one fluid motion. He waves to the limo driver, desperate to be seen, as he chokes on great, desperate lungfuls of the night air.
He has to rip himself away for a moment, nonetheless, seeking solace among the rows of junk cars. He shuts his eyes, loosening his throat, and steels himself as is habit to him now, “Hey, Cas...It’s been awhile. I’m not even sure if you’re still around. But, I gotta know: did you do this?”
“You could always marry Cas, y’know. Have it be a platonic marriage. It’s all about strategy, Dean.” Benny tells him, unphased.
The outrage on his face is enough to make Dean smile before everything goes dark and, suddenly, Dean is watching from outside of his body as Berengerus slumps to the floor, eyes rolling back into his head. He doesn’t think he’ll ever get used to being outside of his body, and for his sake he hopes he won’t have to.
He stumbles to the floor beside Cas, tucking an arm over Cas’s chest, and goes willingly into the black curtain overtaking him. The last thing he registers, with a mental note to come back to Caleb’s aid, is Lord Berengerus’s voice in the other room, “Come here, darling, it’ll all be over soon.”
“No, you were the one who tricked me!” Dean shoots back, his voice shaking as he realizes she might take Cas away from him yet again.
Ash ends up winning the hand–Dean has shit cards anyways–and they start anew. Dean checks his cards in a flash and sees he has clubs and hearts, they could end up as a straight if he’s lucky, but his time right now is better spent observing the other contestants. Micheal bets, Dean’s thinking he just has a high card, and everybody but Benny calls. Alfie raises a red chip. Dean recalls that he’s never seen Alfie playing poker before.
“Hm?” Cas’s eyes meet Dean’s face, slink down the length of Dean’s body and snap back up in one fluid motion.
Oh, great. For Dean that comparison can only conjure the image of airplanes and he finds himself fighting back a shudder. Still, when it’s his turn he goes bravely and death-grips the harness, squeezing his eyes shut as he steps off the platform and his stomach runs away from him.
“My family is you.” Cas says, and he’s surprised at the certainty in his own voice. It’s what makes him so sure of what he does next.
“Watch where you’re going!” Dean yells, the accusatory tone in Castiel’s voice rubbing him the wrong way. That, and he’s feeling particularly threatened by a log jeering out from the soft sides of the creek, “My paddling is fine, it’s your steering that’s the problem.”
After returning to Zugles’s owner and explaining the situation, he stands knocking on Lord Berengerus’s door in a new (to him) set of dress clothes. The place is built into the trunk of by far the largest tree he’s ever seen, expansive enough that it would be considered a mansion by any normal standards. Dean glances towards a naive little tag-along named Caleb who hadn’t stopped smiling at him, his soft features haunting Dean’s conscience as he went forward with his plan—investigating this dinner party—without stopping to dissuade Caleb, because behind the man’s friendly demeanor there was a hungriness in his eyes that seemed to suggest he wouldn’t be reasoned with.
The underside of Dean’s skin tingles like something’s trapped there, so he checks out the measly treadmill the hotel considers gym facilities exhausts himself by running until one of the show’s crew ushers him back to his room at curfew. After a quick shower he collapses into bed, trying to block out the light spilling in from his room’s window.
Looking out past the patio, around the curve of the mansion’s brick and lush landscape, Dean spots the winding gravel road that brought him here. In the distance, there’s a limo pulling up to the drive and a lone figure that Dean can identify from this far away, could probably identify at any distance, getting inside.
“It’s pretty common. I thought you might be into dudes, actually.” Benny must have a talent for saying stuff with a straight face, Dean thinks, because the words fly off his tongue with ease.
And finally it’s a shout as Dean’s body clenches and he shudders, his limbs failing him as he surrenders. His eyes pinch close and he turns his head because for a moment he can’t even bear to look at Cas, to look at anything as he is ravished by Cas’s body and his own.
“Dean, we’ve known about this for awhile.” Alphie’s voice is unexpectedly soft, and Dean wants to hiss out, “And you didn’t say anything?” but the words don’t find him. “We’ve never, well, we’ve never had a situation quite like this, and we’re willing to get rid of the footage if you put an end to it right now.”
And then Dean is struck with a crazy idea. Moving to the discarded IV on the floor, he thinks that if he can just fall asleep, maybe Cas can find him in their world because in this world, Cas’s body is broken and beaten and dying. It’s a long shot, but it seems better than the alternative, so Dean grabs the baggie with the golden liquid and punctures it with the end of the IV, pouring it over himself. Then, as it hits, he wonders if he’s just given himself a heart attack as his eyes slump and his heart races.
And then, almost hearing the cue of romantic violins piquing in the background, Dean captures her lips with his own. It’s quick, more of a hello than a goodbye, breaking off as he smiles into her mouth, going all teeth as he pulls back to look at her. He doesn’t lean back in, the rolling cameras deterring him from more.
“I must commend you for besting me. I am truly impressed.” She explains, giving them a mischievous grin, “In fact, I think you’re quite deserving of a reward.”
Dean’s face brightens as he sits up, eyebrows practically jumping into his hairline, “Dude. You’re a surgeon?”
Dean cuts her off before she can psyche herself out, blaming herself for her husband's disappearance, “No, ma'am. Don’t blame yourself for this.”
Maybe he’s reading too much between the lines. But maybe he isn’t. Either way, Benny has a strict policy of minding his own business, so he’s not gonna tell anybody and he sure as hell won’t bring it up to Cas or Dean. Watching Dean and Cas ascend the stairs together, one of Dean’s hands pressed into the small of Cas’s back, he decides he believes in love despite unconventional circumstances. Even if he’s left wondering what’ll happen next.
His brain is now, of course, soaked with morbid curiosity about Cas’s home life but he wrings it out with a deep, refreshing breath and settles for changing the subject, “Anyways, I’ve been thinking. We need to make an alliance.”
And Dean can’t catch a break, it seems, because his phone rings and it’s Bobby, demanding he come back right away to deal with a demon problem. Demons had been nothing but problems lately, but this one was hitting close to home by setting up shop outside of Bobby’s house in order to get to Sam.
Cas’s face breaks out into a grin and he shakes his head like he can’t believe he’s friends with such an idiot, “Food seems to be the highlight of all your stories...it’s interesting to see where your priorities lie.”
“Always am.” Dean grins, over the top, and Bobby glares but allows him passage up to where Dean’s been sleeping. Dean can hear him retrieve a beer from the fridge, and counts on no more interruptions for the night as he settles into bed and throws back the tea in one big chug.
“Yes.” Cas breathes, a hint of smile returning, “I had begun to think I misjudged her from the first night, but she’s very down-to-Earth.”
But his annoyance at the lousy morning falls away as he comes to appreciate that he’s in the beautiful Honduras, with crystalline waters and an idyllic weather that dissipates any of Dean’s storm clouds that might threaten to crowd the horizon. He’s smiling as he lays eyes on Lisa, dressed in a bubbly pink shirt that matches her cheery humor. He pulls her into a hug as greeting, trying to dodge the swell of nerves.
