“Nothing much. I thought dating guys would be easier, but as it turns out they’re just as dramatic... Myself included.” Cas slipped on some ice and laughed at himself. “See, even that made me want to flip shit. I can’t help it.” They approached the bar and walked inside. “Ready to
“Yup. Too bad Ares is taken, maybe we’d both get laid.” Dean plopped on the couch and started flipping the channels.
That would’ve been all fine and good, if Dean’s cock wasn’t as big as it actually was. Cas could still see it, and
"Fuck... I'm so fucking hooked on you, Cas." Dean's body shivers, his forehead dropping forward against the wall as he plants his feet.
“Dammit, Charlie. I told you to give me a warning next time you were gonna drag me to some nerd shit.” Dean looks away from her because he knows she’ll just give those damn ‘little sister’ eyes he can’t refuse.
Cas sat quietly and absentmindedly glanced at his calendar. There was nothing there worth noting, save the reminder he had a meeting with Charlie at the end of the month to discuss the upcoming dance, but it was better than staring at the timid student in front of him.
"Yes, I'm sure. You've been a great boss, but... this isn't the job for me." He sets his apron down and ignores the way his heart is thumping erratically. He's never quit a job like this before in his life — and he doesn't even know if Dean was serious.
He squints, titling his head in that adorably confused way that Dean missed so much. “I never got any messages from you, Dean… I would've responded if I had.”
Jask chuckled. “Oh, so I’m the bad guy, huh?” He smirked, not offended in the slightest. “That really how you see me?”
As they come down, Cas kisses all over Dean’s neck and bare shoulder. “I don't want you to leave,” he whispers. “Stay with me.”
It’s rare Dean beats Ares home from work but for the first time in a while it’s just him and J for a little bit. “You guys ready for the big day? Comin’ up fast.”
Cas waited a moment and licked his lips, saying quietly, “I remember every second of it, Dean,” and then getting out of the car.
No one listened, they never did, so Dean put on his very best impression of shocked disgust when his character discovered that Dex had been impersonating Rex for months.
“Then be a good boy and actually listen. Sit.” He nods to the chair and goes to wash his hands, smiling to himself when he hears Jask whispering to Dean. He's not sure if he wants to know what they're talking about, but when he turns, both of them are staring at him. “What?”
Objectively, he knew they were right. His body was just about at the end of its rope, he’d been going nonstop for months and it had only gotten worse when he moved in. Cas licked his lip slowly and nodded, the reminder that he’d be of more use if he was well-rested was the only thing that stopped him from fighting it. “Fine.” He took one last look at Dean and turned on his heel, shrugging off his jacket and turning back to his room.
When Dean’s eyes slowly blinked open, Cas immediately snapped his shut and hoped like hell Dean hadn’t noticed him staring. He could feel when Dean sat up gingerly and knew his eyes were on him. Thankful he didn’t blush, Cas kept a straight face and nearly sighed in relief when he felt the bed dip as Dean got up.
P spread his legs, letting Dean slip between them and he moaned at the invitation. Without thinking, he gripped P’s thighs and lifted him up against the wall, wrapping his legs around Dean so their clothed erections were pressed together.
Cas couldn’t help but smile as he reached up to thread their fingers together, kissing along his back softly. “You’re so good for me, Dean. So damn good, sweetheart.”
Part of him knew this wasn’t healthy, that teasing himself by talking to Dean would only make it worse. Texting him, trying to get a night off to play ‘pool’ with him, or whatever else might happen… it all sounded detrimental to his quest to accept the shift in his universe. He was reminded of a
“Just because I said we can’t screw each other doesn’t mean I don’t care about you, Cas.” Dean seemed to struggle for a moment, then reached up to touch the corner of Cas’ eye. “Look, my next class starts in like two minutes. Will you come back during my free period? We can actually talk then.”
hungry. “Kitchen should be open for dinner, if we hurry up we can finish before any of your friends arrive,” he teases.
Dean leaned back to brace himself against the table and rocked his hips up, rolling and dropping back down while his cock stood at attention between them. “You gonna touch me, Officer? Or you gonna make me wait?”
Dean chuckled and was instantly rocking into his mouth and back on his fingers. “M’close... don’t stop, Cas.” He gripped his hair and before he could warn Cas, he moaned his name and emptied inside his throat.
Dean stared down with lust blown eyes, his tongue sweeping across his pouty lips. “Let me taste you. Gimme your finger.”
“Hey, he can burn his food all he wants. I gotta make sure you and I have perfect burgers every time, Cas. Gotta reputation to uphold. Want some pie?”
He looked down at his hand and the mess he made, grimacing to himself and cleaning up the best that he could before going back down to the kitchen. “What did I miss?”
“Cas...” he whispers. “M’gon— fuck!” Dean comes, his body trembling with his release as he paints his stomach white. Instantly, Cas leans down to lick up the mess and leans back, chuckling to himself when he sees the barn around them.
After the hottest sexting session of his life, Cas actually slept pretty well that night, but when he woke up, he remembered the day before. He even had a moment where he considered ditching, but instead, he threw on one of Dean’s flannels and went to school.
He chuckles as he reaches up to grip Dean’s wet hair and tug his head to the side, fully baring his neck. “I have been. See?” Compared to how it used to be, his neck doesn't look all that bad — but the moment he goes to point that out, Cas sucks another hickey just under his ear. His hips move a little faster and he twists his hand, pinning Dean to that counter. “F...fuck, I miss your ass so much, Dean… I can't wait to be inside you again.”
“Nonsense,” Jask chided, laying him down gently in the tub. “I’m exactly what you needed, and you deserve every good thing I’m planning on giving you.”
Cas met his eyes and shook his head. “No, Dean. Wait...” He pulled out his lighter and tried over and over to get a spark. “Goddammit. This was supposed to be poetic.”
But as he laid there that night, just out of Dean’s reach… he began to wish he’d made a different decision.
Cas smiled at the implication that they’d need to get married first, but didn’t want to overload Dean… and he had a plan for an
“No problem. Fucking love that mouth.” Dean leans in and kisses him deeply, tasting himself on Cas’ tongue and then slowly kissing and nipping his way down Cas’ neck while he joins Cas on his knees. “Can I have it?” He nods at the loveseat for Cas to sit and palms him. “Lemme keep you warm for a while.”
Twice Cas leans against Azrian’s cell door to listen. Twice he gives in to those urges, that desire to touch and be touched. Dean sounds like he's every bit as good as Cas imagined, and even after forcing himself to walk away the first time… curiosity and need bring him back.
Huffing a laugh, Henriksen stops and leans down to whisper in his ear. “Don't tempt me. See, that isn't two way glass. Had this room built just for people like you, Winchester. What happens in here stays in here.”
But by nightfall, the realization that he was going home the next day was sinking in, and he couldn’t really fault the places his mind went.
“Finding light. Maybe it isn’t the blinding sun in the middle of the night... but it’s still light. Sometimes... small glimpses of light help us keep going. We have to find a way to appreciate those glimpses, Castiel. When you think of him, do you think of what was, or what could have been?”
Cas hadn’t noticed anything other than the cheesy, adorable smile on Dean’s face, but at Ares’ prodding, he looked closer. “Probably?” Conflicting emotions flooded through Cas at the implication. Ares would be rooming with a drop dead gorgeous top, and Cas would be living with an even better looking switch. Part of him was disappointed that he wasn’t outright a top, but he understood few had that strong of a preference. “We should... make our ground rules a little more clearly defined.”
Dean was a little nervous to break things off with Jask. Breaking up with anyone was hard, but breaking up with someone in the public eye could be ugly. He hoped he knew Jask enough and didn’t have to worry he would be outed for it, but it was always a risk.
southern accents, but… whatever you say.” Cas grinned and seemed more at ease, which was good. “Now, finish this off so we can go home. Tell me all the things you love about me, Dean. I can’t
Smiling, Dean shook his head. “Honestly? No. Does it happen a lot... fuck yeah, but it’s not just sex.” He walked over to the fridge to grab them each a beer and handed one to Jask. “We talk, y’know? Cook, watch TV, just lay around. It’s... nice.”
“Uh.. yeah actually. Perfect, thanks. Pie first, then I’ll embarrass myself with that.” He beams as he eats his pie, loving the soft look on Cas’ face.
Teeth nipped at Ares’ shoulder. “Stop. I know it’s only been a little bit, but quit worrying. I’m coming back to you on day sixteen, and you’ll be begging me to leave by day thirty. If not… then I’m not going anywhere.”
Ares cleared his throat and grabbed the remote, handing it to Jask. “Here, you get to pick. Normally we watch the news, but I’m open to anything.”
It was as if people just forgot he was a person, an actual person... with feelings. Cole was fun, but also his newest guard and it was nice to see him in action.
Jask nodded, kissing down Dean’s neck. “Yep. I think the guy’s just horny, though. Maybe you should hire him a hooker, doubt his personality lets him get laid any other way.” He gently bit Dean’s chest and chuckled low. “Poor guy.”
He held his hand over Dean’s beautiful face to block the rain from his eyes. “I’m sorry I’m late. I didn’t expect to get held up at the station and my damn phone died. Are you leaving?”
Dean releases a deep breath through his nose and shakes his head slightly, but he decides to keep it light. “Well... I’m two out of three there. No booze on duty.”
His hips canted forward and Cas reached down to palm himself as he sucked faster, more insistently, and Dean released a choked off moan as he spilled down his throat. Normally he’d be embarrassed by how fast he came, but not with Cas. Cas’ mouth was too good to feel anything but bliss. “Damn, sweetheart.” He touched Cas’ face gently and stared down into his eyes.
Cas might’ve been a couple inches shorter, but when he wanted his presence to be known… he made it known. “It’s been four years. Are you
Dean looked back down at the pies and smiled. “Can I get a whole apple? Thanks, Madison.” He closed his menu and sat back in his seat.
The guard rolls his hips and braces his free hand above Dean’s head on the wall as he catches his tongue and sucks on it, stroking a little faster.
Cas pretends to think about that for a moment like he doesn't know how long it's been down to the day. “Roughly six and a half years since I've heard his voice, seven years since I've seen his face.”
“She did. We should pitch in and get her a cruise or something.” He ran his fingers through Jask’s hair and tugged slightly. “Let’s go home.”
Dean turned around and leaned back against the pool table, holding himself upright with his hands on his sides. “Damn, Cas... awesome.”
“Scared, yeah. I’ve never been in love before, Cas. Usually, this is the point where I pack my bags and head for the hills, and that thought… well, you saw how I felt about it. But you can also see how I feel about it now. I’m not scared, Cas. Well, I
“No, it isn’t. If they’re on your mind while another man is fuckin’ you, they’re there for a reason. Who is it?” Benny asked curiously while taking back the joint.
“Right.” Cas taps the clipboard and picks on someone else, but his eyes keep finding their way back to Dean.
Before Cas could speak Dean shrugged it off. “Nah. I’d definitely remember those eyes. You wanna beer, Cas?”
He nodded quickly, shivering as Dean’s knuckles brushed against him. “I hope so.” His eyes flicked to Dean’s left and a smile broke out across his face. “She came!”
“I’m a nice guy.” He shrugged and adjusted his position so they were much closer, and tucked them both in the blanket. “See?”
A blush spread across his cheeks as he laid his head back, happy Jask didn’t seem turned off by the idea in the slightest.
Cas had never been more grateful for Cole in his life, since that was a much needed interruption. Cas stood, already regretting allowing himself to get too comfortable because it led to unprofessional slip-ups like that. “No, you’re not interrupting. Dean was just telling me how badly he needs to get laid, which is apparently still our responsibility.”
“Yeah... think ima go finish what I started now.” He winked and walked toward the stairs, and Cas had to bite the back of his hand to stop himself from asking Dean if he could come.
Jask huffed a laugh and backed him against the wall, pinning him there as he kissed him. “I always miss you. How’s Hera?”
by Zepp. You might as well save yourself the effort, cause I don’t care how hard you fight me on it. That’s it, that’s the song.”
If Dean would have known that night would be the last with Cas for a while, he would have stayed longer. He thought he would see Cas on his days off; he didn’t know that asshat Ashton would be overworking Cas so bad they hardly had time to text during the day. Not to mention, it seemed like Abaddon and Jody were coordinating to keep Dean busy at the ass crack of dawn every damn day. The first few nights after, Dean stayed up late texting or falling asleep on the phone with Cas like a teenager. But, he quickly learned that if he didn’t get to sleep by midnight, he would highly regret it come morning — and his new trainer didn’t quit until he was out of bed.
That news didn’t do anything to make him feel better, but as he drove himself home, he reminded himself it was finally time for another date with Dean.
He still missed Cas like crazy. Their schedules were completely clashing, making Dean worry that it was on purpose.
Dean kisses him again and stays for a bit to hold him, knowing that was something they'd both been lacking recently. It feels a little hollow though, and Dean knows then this was probably a one-time thing. Az seems like the type of guy that needs — and deserves — more attention than Dean can give him, and that's not fair to him. “Whoever snags you is gonna be a lucky guy,” Dean says, hoping that gets his point across without him being a dick.
Finally, Dean will have the family he always deserved, after he lives a long and happy life on Earth. “You know… I can feel him here,” Cas says with a sad smile. He touches the spot just over his heart and curls his fingers against it, comforted by the faux-presence of the one who changed him. “I think he’s going to be happy here one day.”
During lunchtime, Dean got a much needed pick me up text from the body shop. Baby was finally ready. He asked Sam to meet him at his house after work to give him a ride and he anticipated driving her until sunrise.
He felt more prepared this time for Dean’s cold shoulder, but it didn’t help the sting of seeing him for the first time that morning and not being able to touch him. He knew he was still being unusually quiet but he couldn’t help it, and when Dean started teaching he braced his chin on his hand and watched him. He hung on to every word, just for the sake of hearing Dean’s voice.
Cas kisses his shoulder with a soft chuckle. “Get used to it. I'm just starting to learn your body. Imagine what I'll be able to do to you in five years.”
Dean swallowed thickly and Jimmy swore under his breath, stabbing his spaghetti with his fork. “Can I just belong to a normal family for like five minutes?”
“You know you’re makin’ me want to more, right?” Dean admits and then holds up his hands. “Alright, alright. I won’t beat her off.”
He told Matt to go grab some more nails and turned to Dean when he was gone. “What’s your deal? Was he being an ass?”
Dean said something Cas didn’t catch, and he immediately felt bad. “I’m sorry, Dean. What did you say?”
he missed him. He just did. Regardless of anything, Jask was his best friend, and he never had to think twice about anything with him. With Cas, he found himself second guessing every single move.
“You, uh… You really got a booty call older than me?” Winchester’s eyes, in contrast, were a gorgeous green. No emotions there, just… green.
“I know.” Dean blows a kiss and then darts out to his car. If he didn’t need this job, he’d tell Crowley to go to hell — not that he’s ever done that before. He’s always been all about overtime, but that was before he had someone he wanted to spend every waking hour with. For the first time in a long time, Dean has someone to come home to, and not just someone... he has
Jask ruffled Cas’ hair and held Ares close. “Alright, D. Time for us to take the hot nurse and the newly minted grown-ups to a cabin in the woods. You guys ready to roll?”
He gathered his food as he waited for the response, curious about what Woody would come up with. He sat at the table closest to the wall and drowned out the students as he mindlessly picked at a french fry and opened the message.
For once, Cas let Dean move. Half of him just wanted the constant gratification that Dean was just as into this as he was, and the other half was already sore from being cramped down there and not moving was easier. He kept his throat open as Dean moved, rolling his balls between his wet fingers and moaning at how hard he was himself just from the precome leaking down his throat.
But as Cas started reading reviews, he tilted his head. “A lot of people said it was actually good for their relationships. Some point out that they didn’t realize how good they had it until they were forced to live with someone else, and others said they learned things that helped strengthen their own marriages. Hmm.”
P once again gripped his hair, this time maneuvering him so he could whisper in his ear, “let me ride you.” P flicked his tongue over Dean’s earlobe and bit gently, rolling it between his teeth until Dean thoroughly got the message and slid out, rolling over onto his back.
“Oh god, could you imagine!?” She giggled, shuddering a little. “Come on, I ordered pizza. Then we gotta finish up. We’re hitting the road at 8am sharp.”
“Sh—shit.” Dean began thrusting against his thigh and Cas’ gorgeous hand. He was breathless in seconds, still completely wound from Cas’ cock in his throat.
Watching Dean pace four days after coming back from the audition had Cas’ teeth on edge. Cas hadn’t gone, those had yet again been forced days off, but from the moment Dean touched back down in LA he’d been wound entirely too tight. The urge to slowly unravel him was almost overbearing, especially after their alleyway encounter. He’d done virtually nothing while Dean was away but avoid that yappy little dog, and touch himself thinking about tying Dean up and taking him apart piece by piece until he finally relaxed.
“Right. We should.” They ate in relative silence, and when when they finished, Dean rubbed his belly with a groan. “So, you’re a writer? What kinda books.”
“Dean.” Cas took a step forward, looking more serious than Dean had ever seen him. “You wouldn’t have to pay me. I’ve saved more than enough money to get us through, and I...” He swallowed, darting his eyes away. “I won’t get sick of you. I think we’d have the opposite problem.”
Leaving the porch was harder than he thought; theoretically, he knew Dean would be fine... but the Marine in him didn’t want to take any chances. Thankfully, Adam lived in a cul-de-sac, so instead of running off into the distance, Cas settled for running laps on Adam’s street. It wasn’t as relaxing as he’d hoped since the scenery didn’t change, but at least he was running, and at least he was still close enough to protect the others if necessary.
“Oh look, there he is.” Cas nodded toward him and visibly checked him out. “Isn’t he fucking gorgeous?”
Ares shifted on the uncomfortable metal chair, the first and only acknowledgement he’d given of his presence since he walked in the door. Cas eyed him, gauging the likeliness of actually getting a response if he spoke.
Dean looked down, his expression unreadable. “Yeah... normal.” He huffed a laugh and collapsed back on the ground. “Let’s scratch off a date for tomorrow, might have to stop at the store.”
“Now? I don’t know, but this weekend. No chickening out, sometimes we just have to go for it, Jimmy. She was texting me earlier saying she was bored, text her?” He walked over to ruffle his brother’s hair, earning himself a shove. “Aww... Jimmy Wimmy is growing up.”
Cas nearly doubled over from the sudden rush of blood to his cock. He slowly turned his head to find out where Dean was pointing, and he could see it all so clearly in his mind, it was almost pathetic. “Oh,” he offered lamely, even as his mind conjured up image after image, phantom touch after phantom touch. Having a writer’s imagination was both a blessing and curse. “Were you holding me down at all?”
“I will stand here and make sure the rest of these asshats don’t kill each other when they get behind that dugout. I know the drill, that’s the fighting
spiel, and it's because of his easy acceptance that Dean ends up staying there longer than he means to.
Cas heaved a sigh nearly as over-the-top as Jask’s performance right as the doors to the lobby unlocked. “Who’s idea was it to invite him again?”
“You think I'm hot now, wait till you see me when I'm healed.” Jask flops back and glances over at him. “So who was it?”
A satisfied hum snaked its way out of her. “I knew you two would figure it out. And if you don’t wanna leave, don’t leave. I’ve watched him follow you around like an extremely tense, pissed off guard dog for years — I’m sure he’d stay with you if you asked.”
“You guys have fun. No getting pregnant. I know nature makes people horny... Wait, is that just me?” Cas tilted his head and moved to hide behind Dean when Amara scoffed and tried to slap at him.
Cas nodded, not moving a muscle from where he was still caging Dean. “Yup,” Dean said as he squeezed Cas’ body to his. “You’re not gettin’ him back, Ares. A trade is a trade.”
Dean felt the tip of Cas’ cock pressing against his hole and groaned, tossing his head back in pleasure. “Yeah, for you.” Cas pushed in, inch by agonizing inch, until he was finally bottomed out. Dean felt fuller than he had in a very long time, and chuckled at the fact that he had no damn clue his bodyguard had such a huge cock. “All for you, Cas. Keep goin’.”
“Of course it isn’t.” Ares kissed him back, flicking his tongue in his mouth. When he pulled back, they stared into each other’s eyes, both searching for answers to unknown questions until finally Ares broke and closed his eyes, resting his forehead against Cas’. “That wasn’t our last time.”
It had been months since Dean blew a guy, but he hoped he could make P feel even half as good as he made him. Dean pulled up his hood and made his way inside, happy to see that once again, P had beat him there. He felt weird enough resorting to such measures, it would be worse if he was the only one excited about it as well.
He shouldn’t have been surprised when his mind instantly wandered to Cas. They once again didn’t dive too deep into the whole ‘what would you do differently’ spiel after date number eight, but something told Dean they didn’t have to. They both knew that date wasn’t the best, but it also wasn’t the worst. Hell, if he was with anyone else it might have been, but this was Cas. They have already proven to themselves that they could turn any situation better when they were together, but why couldn't they fix this one?
The chatter ceases the second Dean starts to sing, and it takes Lee a little bit to join in. Cas watches him with an expression that sure looks a helluva lot like love, and by the time he's done, grown men are crying remembering the families they left behind.
Dean went down on his knees to scoop him up, letting him kiss him. “There’s my little licker... and Havoc too.” He winked at Jask and stood up. “How was he?”
Nothing on earth could stop him from trying to bring Dean as much comfort as he could before they needed to talk, so Cas stood up and stiffly made his way over to the bed. His own shirt was still open from Dean’s advances, and he deliberately didn’t speak, knowing his voice would give away his exhaustion and fear. He pulled Dean to his chest and kissed his forehead, humming a short greeting.
Blood drips down the side of his cocky grin, and Cas notices then just how much Dean enjoys being hit.
“Honestly? No.” Cas let out a breath and reached over to take Dean’s hand, keeping his eyes on the road in front of them. “I’m nervous. It’s worrying me that I haven’t heard from anyone yet. I don’t know what we’re driving into, and that... doesn’t sit well with me.”
you, too... even if you are an idiot.” Cas grinned and flipped off the light, then headed back downstairs to clean up.
Five minutes after class started, Jimmy Novak walked in wearing sunglasses. No, ‘walked’ was the wrong word. It was more of a swagger, and he took his seat toward the back of the class and dropped his bookbag loudly enough Dean stopped talking.
“Only on my days off.” His eyes lighting up with amusement as he took another long sip. “I used to watch sports with my dad, but when he passed away, I just kinda stopped. The sounds are comforting, though.” He realized that made him come across as a downer and quickly tried to recover. “You close with any family?”
His eyes dance with humor, and Dean takes his hand right there in that diner and laces their fingers together. He thought a move like that would make him nervous, but now that they’re here in this moment, it feels right. “You do. I think it’s ‘bout time we enjoy this life, Cas.
Dean ended up not being able to go on lunch until 12:30. He was tired and starving when he rushed inside the house, instantly kicking off his boots. “Honey, I’m home.”
Ares laughed and sat up, letting his eyes rake Jask’s body. “I don’t know about you, but I’m starving. I’ll make us breakfast and then wake you from your nap.” He leaned over to kiss his lips and got out of bed to stretch.
Cas’ stomach threw a fit as he realized Dean was serious. Most of his instincts told him not to do it; he had a responsibility to Ashton and at the very least, he should ask permission to have someone over… especially Dean. Not to mention, Ashton didn’t know Dean was gay, and if he found out, things could get bad for Dean. The last thing Cas ever wanted was to make his life harder.
It had taken him almost two months to get completely sober and to a point where his body didn't hate him for it. He moved out of Mrs. Tate's shortly after and got a job, but the best thing that happened… was this.
He chuckled nervously, nearly dropping his bag by accident as he reached up to scratch the side of his head. “Yeah, sorry about that. I get a little… over excited sometimes. Like a giant puppy… but I promise, I’m housetrained.”
“I wish I could be there with you. I’m pretty good with confrontation. People normally shut up once you punch them in the nose.” Dean chuckled. “That was a joke, I won’t punch your boyfriend.”
Cas smiled a little. “Right no mustard. But you said you’re coming home for lunch, I was asking if you’d like me to make you something.”
“Um, yeah, there’s one not far actually. Some people play golf there, but I normally just sit outside and stare at the trees.” Dean blushed like he just admitted some deep secret and looked down at his hands. “I can take you there one day.”
weird the situation was for all four of them. Like things had always been like that since the very beginning — not something that had just come about in the last two weeks.
If you’ve been following along all this time, you might have missed the board at the beginning of chapter 1, make sure you check it out.
“And I doubt that.” Dean licked his lips and set the cup aside. “I have in the shower, too... I just didn’t think I’d even make it to the damn shower. If you would have taken like ten more seconds, you woulda caught the money shot, sweetheart.”
He moved quickly, swiveling the chair toward the sound of Dean’s voice and reaching out for him. “You realize without my glasses I wouldn’t be able to see you clearly, anyway. Honestly, the blindfold is overkill for me.”
The reality of the situation escaped him entirely. All he could see, or hear, or feel was Dean. He leaned in, licking a line up Dean’s neck and biting gently, caging him against the counter as he took his time sucking the filling off his skin.
The hand pinning him down releases, and Henriksen sits on the edge of the table. Dean cracks his neck and glances up. “You wouldn’t understand. Wouldn’t believe the truth if it slapped you in the face. Not sure if you seen me, but gettin’ my rocks off has never been a problem.”
A moment later, Charlie walked up and ruffled his hair. “Of course I did. You four are my biggest success stories. Where are the other two adorable morons, anyway?”
A little more relieved than he wanted to admit, Jask chuckled. “Your goddamn right. I’ve been through my fair share, and I promise, ain’t nobody got an ass like yours.” He neglected his burger to fist his hand in Dean’s shirt and pull him into a heated kiss, grateful his inability to shut up didn’t screw him over.
The return knock was rapid and came from much lower, telling Dean the dude was already on his knees and waiting.
He sits, letting the sounds of mountain life distract him as he stretches out his wings. Up here, the animals aren't shocked or scared by the sight of an angel — on the contrary. Within minutes of sitting down, he's got an audience of marmots and foxes surrounding him, and he chuckles to himself as one particularly curious fox swats the tip of his wing. “I can only hope Dean is as gentle as you are,” he says to it. “But something tells me that won't be the case.”
Dean chuckles as he carefully takes a small stack of them. They're heavy, like each one might be multiple pages long — and suddenly… he can't wait to dive in. “Am I allowed to open them?” he asks.
"How is fucking with someone's life just for kicks supposed to be a joke!" Cas rights himself and rolls his shoulder, then draws back and punches Dean with every bit of strength he's got.
They stayed like that for a few moments, with Dean peppering Cas’ flushed skin with kisses until Cas’ ass started actively trying to kick him out. Cas looked exhausted but fucked out as he moved with him, draping a hand over his stomach and nestling in the crook of his arm. “Is this okay?”
Cas smiled lightly and nodded. “We’ll see what we can do about Havoc. Go ahead and get off at the exit. We need to stop and talk about where we’re even going, anyway.”
"We're going to have to rethink our current arrangement. No offense, Cole, I know you're still learning, but... I'd have never let this happen." Cas shifted and then got up, walking to the back of the cabin and pulling out his phone.
“Chicks are gross, too.” They got into a small pushing match but stopped as soon as their pizza arrived. After they were fed, Cas didn’t want their talk to end yet. “So… got a new girl in your sights yet?”
"Hmm." Cas drops to his knees and scoots in front of Dean, palming him as he holds eye contact. "Then I think that deserves a reward, don't you?"
“Hello, Dean,” he says low, stepping up behind him. He sets the coffee down on the counter and slides his hands down Dean's wet body, kissing the back of his shoulder. “You're even more gorgeous now than you used to be, you know that? Like a fine wine.”
“Well the rest is history. Y’know, tandem bikes, sharin’ ice cream cones, the whole nine. He was my longest relationship, hell, my only real relationship to this day. It was just different with him, and then I moved with Sammy for college and I dunno... I failed him. Being far fucked everything up. I was faithful. I woulda jacked off forever if I knew I’d still have him to come back to, but he couldn’t do it. Hell, maybe neither of us could. It just... drifted. I asked myself over and over how something so fucking... bright could fade away. It didn’t make sense, but... then he got a new boyfriend and I knew it was best if I just... stayed away.” Dean pauses and then adds, “He’s my friggin canary.”
Chuckling softly, Cas fixed his pants and smiled at Dean. “If you're still walking by the end of this party… then yes. I'll never say no to you.”
“Yes,” he said without hesitation, surprised by how happy thought made him. Ares was a hot sleeper and not being able to give Cas the cuddles he deserved always made him feel guilty, but for some reason, he didn’t care if he got hot, he just wanted to be in Jask’s arms. “If I get grouchy and push you off, don’t take it personally. I get hot.” He pulled Jask along, knowing deep down that no amount of heat would separate them tonight.
“Damn... you know I’m down.” Once the game started, both of them were muscling the cup too hard from excitement, but once they got a rhythm, it was on. The damn shot glass went back and forth over and over, and Dean realized how bad Jask wanted to win.
“S’not the point, asshat. We took a vow or whatever. No dating other people. If he’s lyin’, I’m gettin’ laid tonight. Why should I be the only one all in this?”
Cas waited a couple of minutes, grinning like an asshole at the ceiling and turning around in circles in an attempt to get the blood flowing to the right places in his body again.
He's still a little dizzy from the sight of Dean getting changed, but he does his best to answer. “Um… I'm not sure it counts since I’ve never seriously considered doing anything about it, but either way, I think you've ruined me.”
Frowning, Cas rolls onto his back and sighs. “Of course. I'll bring it to you in a… well, in a few minutes. I have an emergency of my own.”
“Hey, just outta curiosity… if we’d have stuck to that whole swap schedule thing, what would we be doing right now? You’d be in charge.”
“Don't apologize to me. I wouldn't say no.” He winks and heads over to talk to another customer, leaving Dean to contemplate just how serious he is. He knows he's not; he's seen the way Azrian looks at Kato and it's nothing like the way he looks at him, so the laughter is a little belated.
Cas blushed and slid out of his clothes. “Thank you, Dean.” He climbed in and pulled Dean against his chest, determined to feel as much of him as he could.
Dean laughed so hard he had tears in the corners of his eyes and then got up to grab them beers. “How ticklish you are is adorable, J.”
“You know I cannot. I don't make those decisions, you know this.” Frenchie shifts, glancing toward the door. “But I will talk with ze others. Maybe… maybe there is something we can do.”
Dean gripped Cas’ slacks and licked into his mouth, moaning when Cas pressed their bodies together. Feeling Dean against every inch of him was nearly overwhelming, and Cas found himself carding his hand in Dean’s hair and ghosting his lips down the column of Dean’s throat. He whispered, “we should stop,” with absolutely no willpower to do so himself.
Impatience took over quickly and Cas sped up, desperate to taste him again. He licked and sucked until Dean was bucking up into his mouth and making all the noises Cas wanted to hear, then let him take over.
“Alright.” Dean shut his phone off and pocketed it. “So, are you gonna ditch the suits now that we’re just regular guys?”
“Oh, sure. Don’t gotta, but that would be nice.” Dean buttoned his jeans and shrugged on his flannel. “See you in a few hours, Cas. Have a good day snoopin’.” He grinned and looked like he nearly pulled Cas in for a kiss but he balled his hand and walked out of the bedroom.
Cas moaned quietly and ended the kiss as gently as he could in an attempt to protect himself, knowing this was just a hookup for Dean. It needed to be over. That didn’t stop him from holding Dean close and planting one last kiss to his jaw. “Did I... loosen the suit enough for you?”
“Ugh... I can see it. Ares is more my type. Wanna watch Cops and laugh at dumb people?” He patted the couch.
“Yeah?“ Cas’ frown made Ares doubt himself. “You’re right, sorry. I was just trying to be spontaneous.”
if it happened. He shook his head slowly, maintaining the mask of indifference. “No, I can’t imagine this will do much for me. I’m sorry if that’s disappointing to you, but I have a feeling you’ll be plenty satisfied by the time you leave.”
Ares sits down across from Dean with that concerned look he always gets before he gets all doctor-y. “Hi, Dean.”
“Course you do. Look at you...” Dean shakes his head with his lips pursed. “Covered in flour, pimp slappin’ hoes... what kind of car you drive, Cas?”
When he poked his head out of his door, he saw she was wearing her favorite dress and was donning her best earrings. “I need you to get dressed and come down here, dinner’s almost ready and he’ll be here any minute.”
Cas blinked, but it was the closest to a flinch Dean had ever seen from him. “Right. I’ll make the arrangements. Do you have a preference who takes my place?”
“Well, I wasn't sure, and I figured it was better to be early than late. I can get a head start on breakfast if you don't mind letting me in.” He doesn't ask what Jask is doing outside instead of in. Someone like Dean likely has his fair share of trouble surrounding him.
Dean squirms a little after the eyebrow, and since he’s still feeling bold, he decides to play. “Sure. I have like a— a school girl crush on someone. Y’know... I write his name in the corner of my notebook and shit... little hearts around it. But he doesn’t want me. I mean... his dick wants me, that’s for sure — I've seen it wants me — but... maybe it’s my personality? Maybe I’m just not likable beyond anything but fucking. Either way... nothin’ new to report.”
“He's a hunter. No, no,” he adds quickly, seeing the look on the fox’s face. “Not that kind of hunter. He'd be hunting
Cas is everything he’s always dreamed of, not that he’d admit that out loud. He didn’t even realize he had a kink for being bossed around until Cas, but now, he can’t get enough. He remembers Cas talking about Doms and pulls his phone out to Google it, but in the process he runs smack into Missouri. “Ah, shit!”
When his phone chimes with a message from Dean saying he's on his way, Cas starts cooking. He's truthfully not sure if they need anything at all other than bacon, but it's better to have too much food than not enough.
Dean swore under his breath and shivered, nodding a little. “Yeah, yeah. Sure would… Ahh, fuck.” Cas managed to find that spot that drove him crazy and he thickened in Cas’ hand. “Fuck… right there.”
“Uhh... meth.” Dean grabbed the remote to rewind. “It’s always the same. She called the cops and now she’s going to jail for bein’ loaded. Wanna beer?” Dean got up and walked toward the kitchen, and Cas took the opportunity to check out his ass as he walked.
Dean closed his eyes, knowing they should clean, but he was too sated to care. He placed a chaste kiss on Cas’ head, and drifted off to sleep.
“C’mon, Cas! Taco Bell won’t know what hit ‘em.” Dean called up the stairs. “Don’t gotta get dolled up, honey. I know you’re pretty.”
“Don't let them fool you, he knows why. Butcher loved his nickname and I’m pretty sure Frenchie made up his own.”
“Man... I need to mainline some coffee then. Thanks.” He grabbed the thermos and motioned at the door. “Let’s go.”
The guard mutters something under his breath as his cock pulses and he fills up Dean's ass, humping him until he finally empties. He pulls out with a growl and squeezes Dean's ass, then smacks it hard enough to make the skin jump. “That's more like it.”
A soft hand cards through Dean’s hair, rubbing slowly. “You’re so different from how I thought you'd be, Dean. So good… you just need a little direction, hm? Suck. Slowly.”
In the morning, they went out for breakfast and came back to be lazy and enjoy the weekend. Jask had to work that night, but they’d at least have a few hours before he had to put on the monkey suit and head out. “Pick a movie,” he said as he sprawled out, his phone in his face and feet on Dean’s lap.
He scanned the two teams of students looking for Kevin, but there was a smudge on his glasses that was making it hard to see faces clearly. Cas pulled them off with a frown and tried to wipe them clean with the fabric of his dress shirt, and when they were back where they belonged and he looked up, he was staring straight at Dean Winchester, the PE teacher. “Oh, hello.”
“It was this uh… dating thing. We found it on a Facebook ad, and we traded partners for a month with some hot couple a few towns over. J moved in there for a week, and my new boyfriend is livin’ with me. His name is Cas, and he’s fucking beautiful Sam, but I’m not allowed to touch and I miss J.” It all came out in a rush but he couldn’t find it in him to be embarrassed.
He nodded, hoping his face didn’t give away how desperate he really was. “M’so hard for you, Cas. Look at what the taste of your come did to me.” He sat back, exposing his throbbing cock. That was quite the opposite of what Dean expected to happen tonight, but he damn sure wasn’t complaining.
With an effort, Cas pulled back, edging them both. “No. Now, screw the food, we’ll come back. I need you.” He hastily fixed his pants and licked the palm of his hand, closing his eyes at the taste. “Let’s go.”
If they kept this up, they wouldn’t get home for a month… but he couldn’t bring himself to care about that, either.
Charlie had gone full Angela Martin with some party-planning-committee power and wasn’t putting up with any slacking off. “Dean!” He heard her call out in the hallway and hastily placed a hand over Cas’ mouth, biting back a laugh. How he managed to convince Cas to make out in the janitor’s closet was beyond him, but there they were, feeling like a couple of teenagers searchin' for some pie in the sky summit.
manage to get out of military service altogether, they were still placed in alternative service. That included stuff like education, healthcare, conservation. That sort of thing. Both military and alternative service required a person to serve two years. One way or the other, Uncle Sam would be putting you to good use.”
He closed the door, letting out a short breath as he triple checked he had everything he needed for the morning.
"Oh... Ja—" It was as if his brain was short circuiting, and he couldn't put one full word together.
Cas smiled a little, nudging him. “Don’t worry. I conveniently forgot to bring the gun I don’t own.”
“Easy, tiger. We’ve got time.” Dean kissed him again and then turned around, reaching behind him to pull Cas close to his back. “I won’t be mad if you start to get handsy, though.”
His body flooded with lust to the point he felt he was burning with it. Ignoring the way the carpet irritated his knees, Cas pushed back to meet every quick, brutal thrust. “Oh...
“They’ll love it. I don’t even like to read, but I love reading your books. That should convince everyone else.” He grinned and met Cas’ eyes. “Humans are monster enough, sweetheart. The readers will get their drama but also an awesome spin on some truthful situations. They’ll feel like they’re in the book. It’s gonna be a hit... you’re about to be my sugar daddy.”
The sound of her sucking her teeth makes him wrinkle his nose. “Being stubborn isn’t healthy, Clarence. I know, what do I know about health, right? But still. You can't keep doing this to yourself… pushing everyone away that has the audacity to get close to you. Even unicorns need love.”
cock. You will come by my hand, or not at all.” He sped up, feeling the change in Dean’s body that told him he was closer to coming than Cas had realized.
That look turned icy as she stared him down. “First of all, watch your mouth with me. I made you who you are and I can bury you with a single word.” She smiled abruptly, somehow looking even scarier for it. “You’ll be marrying Jo Harvelle next March, I’ve already sent the details to that useless handler of yours, Jack, and to your bodyguards. Jo has been brought up to speed as well. We feel collectively that this is the next logical step in your...
Dean licks the corner of his mouth and frowns. Lee’s right, that doesn't sound like Cas at all — but before he can say so, Lee nods over his shoulder. “Found him.”
“Hi.” Ares pulled him in for a tight hug, inhaling next to his neck. “I’m going to miss you greeting me every day.”
“Uh yeah. I got us burritos.” He had to walk sideways to continue to block his boner and he couldn’t fight his blush. “Cas... I...”
“Your hands are softer.” Dean pulled his bottom lip between his teeth and started stroking, staring down at Jask’s beautiful face. “You’re fucking gorgeous, y’know that?”
“Well, shucks.” He smirked and bumped Cas with his elbow. “Thanks. He probably would have. Not like he could help it, look at you.” Dean got up and went to make another drink.
“I...” Did he? Did he really want to be part of an industry that tried to mute who people truly were? That focused on how things looked instead of how things should be? He wasn’t so sure anymore. Dean stared down at his hands on the table, trying to find one good reason to remain an actor.
They listened to the coffee maker sputter for a moment and then Cas handed the cup to Dean. “You’re a grown man, and as such, I refuse to lie to you about any of this. You’re stronger than most people think you are, and you deserve to know what’s happening. The response has been overwhelmingly negative, Dean. I’m not sure where all of the supporters in our community are, but they’re unusually quiet right now.”
Dean listens hard to the background noise and he knows exactly where Kato is before he even finishes his question. “Damnit, Kato. You
“How much longer until you’re buried inside me?” Dean grinned and kissed his cheek softly. “Hours,” he whispered back, obviously enjoying the tension.
“I fuckin’ agree. Thanks for that.” Dean sits back after sliding his clothes back on and lays his head back against the wall to catch his breath.
“Gods, no,” Cas chuckles. “I pulled him back to his feet and bought him another beer, but by the end of the night, I knew he wasn't the type of man I'd ever get over. He got my number, but I was so scared of how strong our attraction was that I left without saying goodbye. Three hours later I got a text that said ‘what, no kiss for your future husband?’”
Cas whimpered, baring his neck for Dean and then dropping his head back on his shoulder. “Okay...” he whispered breathlessly. “Now walk to your desk and pretend you’ve been writing so it isn’t suspicious.” Cas pushed back one more time and then started fixing his pants.
Dean nods, taking a sip of coffee. “Alright... well, I also really enjoy all the other things too, so for now... those will do.” He leans in for a kiss and then goes to grab his clothes from yesterday. “Shoulda brought my work clothes here.”
Cole muttered something under his breath about psychos and loosened up enough that the girl could breathe.
The trial turns out to be a joke. His lawyers — a spineless twink named Hughie Campbell and a gorgeous-yet-Bible-thumping broad called Annie January — can't be more than a couple of years older than Dean is himself, and since he's only 26… they don't exactly inspire confidence. The combination strike fear into absolutely no one and Dean’s convinced he's going away for life — but the prosecution fails to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that he murdered that chick in St. Louis, so the worst of his charges is taken off the table. Still, the rest of it is bad enough, and Annie bats her doey, stupid eyes at Dean as she tells him God’s judgment will be worse than whatever the court throws at him.
Ashton Charles — the douche that played Dean’s equally-douchey rival Rex — came out and smacked Dean in the back of the head. “God, Winchester. You really know how to bore a crowd.” He winked, grabbing a chair and flipping it around to sit backward as the room erupted in cheers. “Sorry, am I party-crashing?”
“Shut up, Lucifer,” Jimmy teased, leaning across the table to lightly smack him. “I might be the better half, but I’m not the grumpy one.”
“Dean…” Cas kisses his chest and fucks him harder as his eyes flash some kind of electric blue. “Come for me.”
Cas nodded, feeling the soft fabric of Dean’s shirt under his cheek. “Yes. We were talking about monogamy and polyamory, and the ways commitment factors in with each. Ketch actually asked me how sure I was that you and I were on the same page, do you believe it?”
It didn’t take long for the rumors of their engagement to be brought up in the Q&A and Jo smiled warmly as she took Dean’s hand. He could feel she didn’t do that for the camera, she did it for
Cas shoved his finger in more aggressively and bit down on his neck. “I’ve missed you so much. I didn’t even jack off without you.”
Dean whispered, rocking up into him and wrapping his hands over the back of Cas’ shoulders to pull him down. “You feel fucking incredible.”
Cas walked back over, eyes glued to Dean’s crotch, and grabbed Dean’s hand. He wrapped it around his own rock hard length and tilted his head . “Does it feel like I don’t want it? The whole reason I didn’t take Jaskier up on his offer... was because he isn’t you.”
“You both deserve happiness, and if you’ve gone and found it with each other, well… all the better. I trust you both know how to remain professional about it?”
Jimmy scoffed playfully. “You spent nearly all of Christmas break with him. Obviously it’s getting serious. You’ve never even spent the night with someone before, let alone nearly two weeks. You’re my brother, I want to get to know him.”
He noticed a hot guy near the front without a camera and wondered how the hell he got so close, but he wasn’t complaining. It was rare Dean got that kinda eye candy at these things.
Dean flashed him a cheeky grin that he hoped would show the boy he wasn’t going to be easily pushed around. “I was making a general statement, not my fault it was applicable. Now, if you’ll open your books, we’re gonna jump right into the Civil War.”
Cas was getting antsy from not working out for so long, so he slid out of bed as non-disruptively as he could and dressed silently before heading out to the kitchen. Adam was already awake reading the paper, so Cas offered him a polite nod and poured himself a cup of coffee. “You’re up early.”
The door flies open before Dean’s asshole can even clench and Butcher takes a few, thunderous steps in. “Ishim, you stupid little cunt. Get out’a my sight.”
to fucking do this. “Well... thanks Ashton. But I have to do this the right way. I’m done hiding. LWLB is all yours.” Dean clasped his shoulder and walked around Ashton to go talk to Jo. She deserved to know where his head was at.
Dean licked his lips and grinned. “Will you go to breakfast with me tomorrow? On a date?” He ran his finger down Cas’ stomach, his tongue between his lips as he waited for his answer.
Cas cleared his throat and shifted on his feet, his eyes immediately dropping to Dean’s lips. “Hello, Dean. Can I…” He gestured a little with the tips of his fingers, which were still wrapped around one of his suitcase handles.
“We all knew, Cas,” Aunt Amara says with a chuckle. “Even Jimmy, he's just dumbfounded you actually admitted it after all these years. His brain will start functioning again at some point.”
The words come out whether Cas wants them to or not. “I would tell him that I love him, and that I haven't gone a day without missing him. I'd tell him that I'm sorry I couldn't hold our friendship after he moved away. I'd tell him that I've never seen another shade quite so green, and every time I see someone with freckles, my heart aches so much I want to carve it out of my chest.” Tears well in his eyes, but he continues. “I'd ask him how he is, how he's been… how his brother is. I'd tell him I'm happy for him if he found someone else, but only part of me would mean it. I'd… I'd tell him that there will never be anyone else for me.”
and then we... Well, you can fill in the rest, but I’ll give you a hint. What hangs at a man’s thigh and wants to poke the hole that’s often been poked before?”
Cas walks all the way back to Mrs. Tate’s house before he finally talks some sense into himself. Of course Dean was worried about consent — he
“Ehh... not really. I try though.” He grinned, hoping it would make Cas smile. “Why can’t you gawk at me
“Yeah? Glad I was able to be here for it. I’ve never had a Christmas. Or... I guess I did from like 1-4, but since I was 4, nothin’. This feels good.”
The wall shakes as Jask flies out of the room and his giant body smacks into it. “What! That's not fair, you poked him!”
The doctor actually huffs a laugh and that and runs a hand down his face. “Mmhm.” He looks lost for words, which is just confusing for Cas, but he tries to get back on the subject. “Do you think of that night often? The night you met?”
“Oh absolutely, come on in.” The man waved a hand and opened the door wider. “Ash told me you would be here soon, he’s in the game room. Right this way.”
“It’s not what you think. He said... and I quote, ‘if someone with a gun made their way on set, I’d need my bodyguard to actually protect me, not use me as a human shield to protect Dean’.” He smirked slightly, pulling his hand back and turning on the radio. “He wasn’t wrong, and I absolutely deserved to be fired for it.”
“Am I interrupting something, Mister Winchester?” She pursed her lips and eyed them both. Rowena had to be 5’2
His cock had the nerve to twitch in his pants, he wouldn’t last a full week without him, not anymore.
Dean growled, his hips moving in slow, hard circles as he stared up at Jask’s perfectly sculpted body. “Damn, J... you’re gorgeous, baby. Especially bouncin’ on my cock.”
Dean pushed the door open, holding a container and two forks. “Hungry?” He walked over and sat with a grunt. “So... I just saw Ares and Jask makin’ out.”
“He left like five minutes ago. Benny is comin’ in a bit I think... you’d know better than me.” Dean looked like he might be having the same internal struggle as Cas before he shrugged and looked down at his phone.
“Hill—” Dean’s smile fades and he tosses the sausage back on the plate and shoves it away. “Fuck you.” He stands, adjusts his suit jacket and tosses a hundred dollar bill on the table. “Keep the change.”
“Then you should. I’d be lying if I said this wasn’t what I was hoping for, if I’m being honest. I never wanted to hurt you, but Dean… I’ve never met another person quite like him. I realized pretty early on that what I feel for you is a deep, beautiful thing… but it’s platonic more than anything.”
Is he supposed to sit at home and listen to Alanis Morissette all night, crying while jerking off into a sock? That isn’t him. He’d much rather drink and have fun than sit around and think about what he’s lost —
“Okay, but back to my original question. Am I allowed to comfort you? Get you water? Hold you and let you know you’re okay? Shit like that.” Dean suddenly really wanted to hug him, but knew he shouldn’t.
Mornings were just better. Better for cuddles and kisses, but more importantly, for words. “Morning, sleepy.” Dean kissed his head and kept his eyes closed.
Dean let Cas take whatever he wanted - this was better than rubbing one out in the bathroom before they went to the store, anyway... much better. He raked his fingers through his hair and nodded, his bottom lip between his teeth.
“Yes,” Cas admits quietly. “Newly so. I... ended a relationship about two weeks ago. It wasn't a good match.” He ignores the broader question, knowing the details about his boring job and even more boring hobbies don't have anything to do with what brought him to sit in this chair.
A shiver ran down Cas’ spine as he followed suit, trying to free Ares’ cock with one hand while the other fisted in his hair. “Shit,” he gasped, tilting his head down to spit on their cocks as they came together. He pressed Ares against the side of the car and rutted forward, pinning him as much as he could.
He pulled back, shaking his head a little. “I actually kind of like it. I don’t know why, but I’ve loved every pet name you’ve ever given me... almost especially the feminine ones. And while mistress may not be accurate, it’s still... kind of hot.” Cas rolled his hips and tucked his tongue between his teeth, grinding down.
He kept the video going and moved the camera closer so Dean could clearly see his wet cock and messy pants before ending the video and pressing send.
Dean bit his lip and slid down his boxers without shame, stroking himself as he watched Cas walk away. “Fuck... I want to come on your panties, Cas.”
“She said it all will change, if not, it can all wait. It may die away over time, but I believe—” The door bursting open makes Dean jump from his seat, but when Castiel Novak walks inside, he can’t help but grin. These drunken nights with Cas are always the highlight of his day, and although he can continue singing to him if he wanted, he wants to help him get settled first. “There you are. Was starting to think I’d get through a whole album before you got here.”
“Good morning. How do you feel?” Cas grabbed the coffee and brought it to the bed, sitting on the edge.
Ares sighed, baring his neck instantly for Jask. “I’m glad it’s ours, too. Just like dressing room sex.”
He let Jask clean him up and tuck him into bed, smiling widely to himself when he instantly cuddled up close to him.
Gabe stuck his tongue out. “Mind your business, hot pants. If Double Dip and Abbadouche wanna suck face, I’ll just sit back and enjoy the show. At least she’s not talking.”
Dean laughed out loud and tossed his head back. “Hey man, you brought seven friggin suitcases, you could have an arsenal in there and I wouldn’t know.”
“Was cursed. Name’s Dean. Can we get to know each other after? Man, this ass is amazing.” Dean moaned and leaned down to suck on his neck, effectively ending any argument Cas would’ve had.
Huffing a laugh, Jask finally slid out of him and rolled Ares back over to kiss him again. “I wouldn’t dream of it. Can’t you feel it? We’re perfect.”
Lee claps him on the back and guides him forward, chuckling quietly. “We don't have cells here, we have dorms, but I get what you mean. Come on, we'll get the Devil to get those cuffs off you and get you settled in, someone else already dropped off your shit.”
you brute. Chill, D.” He turns back to Ares and smiles a little. “I give it another ten minutes before Dean comes so much he can't talk.”
When he finally does come back, he closes the door and crawls onto the bed with Dean. “Lee is alive. Michael brought him back,” he says softly, running a hand through Dean’s hair. “And Cain is back where he belongs. You're safe, Dean. He can't hurt you now.”
“Of course,” Cas nods. “I don't think I ever truly intended for you to see them, but…” he trails off as he finds one dated 2013. “This is the first, I believe.”
“Not technically. You had a modesty pouch.” Cas laughed again and it sounded like he got closer to the door. “You’re right. Beg me, and I’ll show you.”
“Butterin’ me up, huh? Knew the French loved butter.” Dean grins, reaching back to move his hand. “I'm good. I like feelin’ it.” He lines up and sinks down, groaning at the burn and not stopping until he bottoms out.
“I know.” Ares whispered breathlessly, tapping Jask’s shoulder lightly, asking to be put down without words, and when he set him down, Ares turned and put his hand over his mouth like he just realized what they did. “Fuck.”
Dean was taken aback and didn’t feel this was the time nor place for this kind of discussion, but he went along with it. “Blue. You?”
“I'm no angel, but then again… I suppose I'm not a day of the week, either. Did you sleep alright? I imagine it was an adjustment after your previous cell and then being in solitary for so long.”
“Cheers, and don’t play — drink that shit, girl.” Dean started chugging, waiting for her to catch up before tossing it back. “Man, remember when you turned 21?” He laughed loudly. “We got fucked
Dean knew he was an obnoxious person, he almost couldn’t help it. Cas getting annoyed with him wasn’t anything new, but Cas getting
Cole was packing up Dean’s suitcase, shaking his head as he disappeared and turned on the faucet. “He’s spoiled as hell. Parents should’ve spanked him.” It was a tasteless joke, but Cas could see Cole instantly regretted it, not that it did much to quell the wave of anger that swept through him. “That was a shit joke, sorry about that.” Cole looked towards the bathroom nervously, seemingly happy Dean didn’t hear.
“Got it. Secret touches like we’re a couple of school boys... sounds fun.” Dean winks and blows a kiss.
He rocked back again, earning him a soft but insistent slap to his ass that had pleasure surging through his body.
“Do I want to know?” he asks skeptically, but follows Dean out to the garage. When he sees the sleek black car, his grin nearly matches Dean’s. “Oh. This is Baby?”
Cas dragged his eyes away from the diner’s glass wall and back to Dean. “If you want. We don’t have to do anything you’re not comfortable with, but this town is so small it doesn’t even have a red light. I can call in and get them to bring it out if that’s better.”
Dean stayed down on his knees, pondering those two options and both seemed fucking sucky. “You think she could ruin me? Why would someone do that?”
“Totally depends on you and how you guys vibe. He'll probably just ask you questions all day until you wanna throat punch him. That's how it went for me,” Lee says.
Dean looks at his busted knuckles and huffs a bitter laugh. “Sometimes, I’m gonna have to fight, French. You know that. I really do appreciate it, though.”
Abaddon finally broke away from Jimmy and leaned clear across the table to smack the side of his head. “God, can we trade you for Cas? You’re disgusting.”
Dinner was good, like it always was, and Ares hadn’t been wrong about the pie. Jask practically had to fistfight Dean to get some of it, but it was more than with it once he did.
“Uh, yeah. And you will too. Fuck this game.” Dean grabbed the remote to change the game. “Alright, old school gangsters, zombies, families fighting for a throne or… fuck, however someone describes the Witcher... some hot guy that fights a bunch of people to get to his destiny? I think he’s also available for hire? Whatever, what sounds more interesting?”
“Hey, no complaints here, handsome.” Dean straddled him with his bottom lip between his teeth. “Wanna top, J?”
Ares shuddered and chugged his beer. “Oh look, I need a shower, excuse me.” He stood and covered his crotch as he went to put the bottle in the sink.
“The hot ones, huh?” Dean grinned cockily and then shook it away when Jask rolled his eyes. “Right, not the point. Alright, so I just call him and say I want his hot, blue-eyed boyfriend?”
Part of Dean is surprised that he's not a little disappointed by that, but most of him realizes he might never be ready to bottom again after what Ishim did. “I’ll take care of you, Az. You got lube?”
Amara looked surprised and then chuckled slightly. “I take it this meeting isn’t just about homeschooling?”
Jimmy rolled his eyes, but offered a small smile. They never did talk about that whole ordeal beyond him apologizing, but they didn’t have to.
He could feel Dean huff a cocky laugh, but he didn’t pull off. He hummed again, smiling when Cas’ body shook with anticipation and then sped up, sucking and bobbing like he was starving for Cas’ come.
Dean tapped Jo’s thigh and she moved out of the way, knowing Dean was in trouble. “Good luck!” Jo ducked away so she wasn’t caught in the crossfire.
“Okay, okay... stop. I’m... I need to fuck you now. Lay on your back for me, baby.” Cas started lubing himself up while Dean got in position. He looked so fucking beautiful Cas had to lean down and suck him off too, just enough to get him wetter, then finally lined up at his tight hole. “Ready?”
Pink flared through his eyes again. “I guess we’ll see if I let you get dressed at all.” Dean smirked, then led him to the bathroom, starting the water. “Jury’s still out.”
Cas nodded, dropping his eyes to the ground and turning back toward his room. “I’ll be in here if you need me. I’m happy for you, Dean.” He shut his door behind him and Cole sighed dramatically.
The argument that sparks after about who’s better at basketball makes Cas actually laugh. At the end of the day, Dean’s not that different from some of the jocks he went to high school with — and he can deal with that. Iron fist, take no shit… and at least he gets to fuck this one.
He was a mess by the time Dean had three thick digits inside of him. The stair below was damp with evidence of it, but Cas refused to go anywhere near his own cock.
“Bobby. That old bastard.” Dean grins and puts up the music, driving to Bobby’s happily. They don't talk much on the drive — Cas seems to realize that Dean just needs time with that open window and the open road, but just knowing Cas is with him is enough.
“Now who’s rude? Now I have an inappropriate boner.” Dean stood up and walked funny towards his bedroom. “Goodnight, Betty.”
Cas’ gaze drops to watch his tongue, and he sucks in a quiet breath. “I… would really like to kiss you right now, Dean.”
Alistair remained quiet as he watched the scene with a smug face, and it took everything in Cas not to punch him just for standing there.
For once, Dean’s timing was perfect. The tiny, incredibly unmanly gasp that Cas let out was drowned out completely by the rustling of him standing up.
Cas climbed back into bed and kissed Dean’s shoulder, then picked up a piece of bacon and hand-fed it to him. “You really should talk more in the mornings. Particularly to me. Actually… Only to me.”
choose him.” He mutters something in a language Dean’s never heard, and the shackles still attached to Cain’s wrists glow with strange sigils.
“Sorry, am I supposed to know you?” Dean struggles against the vampires’ hold and huffs a laugh. “I was hoping my angel would be the one to pin me down tonight. Not into
“Dean. My name is Dean. How are you grouchy after the best sex of your life? And I know it was, so don’t even try to deny it.” Dean moves to sit, pulling Cas onto his lap and then he groans, the movement making him come even more.
“Well, I wanted to bring you the actual information on it, and I wanted to be sure how the program worked here in Madbay first.” She nodded for him to continue so he did. “I’m still required to attend every Friday, but it’s only for a couple of hours just to turn in all of my homework for the week and pick up my homework for the following week. I’ll still be able to take all my required courses and certain electives, and I will still graduate on time.” Jimmy had walked downstairs as he spoke and listened while grabbing himself a soda.
The moments stretched on, and then P must’ve realized his pants were still down around his thighs because he bent over quickly to pull them up, cleared his throat, and walked away.
Ares chuckled and shook his head. “Definitely getting clean. You shouldn’t walk around like that and turn everyone on, it isn’t fair.”
Cas slowly reached his hand out until his pinky was gently nudging Dean’s, keeping his chin up and face pointing straight ahead. “Hello, Dean.”
“You can try. Can't guarantee he'll answer, but he's been pretty open with us. Might be all a bunch of bs, but I doubt it. What you see is what you get, pretty much.” Lee gets up to take his tray back and Dean follows, and Lee gives him the rest of the tour.
Choosing not to engage, Dean turned around to face the board. “Awesome, now… back to the actual subject. The Civil War began on April 12, 1861, early enough in the morning that every single one of us would’ve been useless. Shots were fired at Fort Sumter in South Carolina…”
“We’ve talked about a great many things, but… no, I suppose we haven’t. I believe with all of me that we have the same viewpoints on it, though, and I’m sure it’s only a matter of time before we clarify that. I don’t think we even
Cas lets out a soft laugh. “If I didn't know any better, I'd think your friend and my ex were the same person.” He shifts his position, his expression darkening. “Still, I like your list. Thank you for sharing that with me.”
Ares laughed harder than warranted but he honestly was just so happy for Cas. “Wow... I can see why you and Cas go so well together.”
“You’re the pimp. No handcuffs back here?” Dean looks around for a moment and then walks back over, stopping directly in front of Cas. “Think that pie smells done.”
He came back with a glass of scotch and plopped down next to Cas. Dean took a long sip, watching him from the corner of his eye. “How long has it been since you got laid, Cas?”
He pulled out his laptop and started looking up vacation spots for one. Not surprisingly, he didn’t get a lot of hits that looked appealing.
Dean fought the urge to hug him. Losing parents was hard, but watching them go slow like Cas was had to be heartbreaking. “I think he’ll be alright, Cas. Jagger can kick anyone and anything’s ass.”
“Yeah, she gotta go to jail, man?” He asked the cop. “She seems pretty sorry.” It was probably dumb of him, but he couldn’t help but feel bad for her. He didn’t understand why she felt so desperate to break in, but she probably wouldn’t do it again.
Castiel pulled Dean in and kissed him, so proud and happy that he found a way to be romantic, yet so
“Awesome. You can get comfortable, Cas. Don’t gotta be in a suit all the time.” He walked over and straightened Cas’ tie. “Lock it up, Marine.” Dean winked and walked over to the fridge, and Cas’ stomach took its time righting itself.
“She’s fine. Want her number?” He huffed a laugh. “Kidding. She’s fine. Started community college this semester.”
on the horizon. He's just got to survive the storm, and if he's going to do that… he needs to keep steering his ship through it.
“Hell no, you’ll just get eighty home improvement ideas and I don’t make that kinda money.” Jask huffed and pushed himself off the floor, then handed his phone over to Dean and pointed at a social media ad. “Lookit this shit, it’s like home swap but for people. I could trade you in for a newer model. You did just hit the big three-oh, after all.”
Pulling off with a pop, Dean instantly leaned in and kissed him, swiping his tongue into Cas’ mouth with a moan. He knew he’d never get enough of Dean, that no matter how much time passed or what happened, he’d never forget the possessive way Dean kissed.
“Keep talking,” Jask gasped, his cock bouncing between them. He shifted, bracing himself on Dean’s thigh so he could stroke himself quickly, staring down at the lines of Dean’s torso. “Tell me how much you love my ass.”
Dean took a quick intake of breath and nodded. “Uh... yeah. That sounds... I’d like that.” He blushed at how dumb he sounded and then kissed Cas again as a distraction from his rapidly forming boner over that one sentence; but kissing Cas didn’t help at all, and their bodies were so pressed together there was no way Cas couldn’t feel it.
“We gotta get her home first, big guy.” He helped her walk to the car — hardly balancing himself — and when the car was moving, he pulled out his phone, not caring anymore. “Remember, life’s a bitch, bitch.”
He gets up, swipes some of the butter packets and ghosts the tips of his fingers along Dean’s skin as he walks past, and Dean’s whole body twitches at the thought of actually having public sex.
Dean chuckled and climbed back without pants or shoes, straddling Cas’ lap and rutting their hard cocks together. “Look... he missed you.”
Dean looked back and had to turn around to grab the box. “Whoever you bought this from is awesome. Wanna hear some classics, Cas?” He slipped in a tape and hit rewind. “We actually have to rewind it. This shit is beautiful.”
Ares smiled at how thoughtful Cas was. He was positive Cas was the nicest person on the planet — unless you got on his bad side — and he really didn’t understand how no one had snatched him up from under his nose. “I get to sleep for an entire day, but then I work another twelve hour shift. Want to hang out after a nap?”
“Dean, I love you and I respect the tragic codependency you had with your brother until the actual moment of your death, which you were then planning on continuing in Heaven… but if you say his name one more time, I'm going to turn you into a goat.” Cas reaches over to take Dean’s hand, hoping to take the sting out of his extremely serious words.
Normally, Cas wouldn’t dream of speaking like this to someone he was interested in, but the anonymous aspect helped tremendously. He knew he could say the raunchiest thing that came to his mind and it would only end up making the situation better, not worse. There was a definite freedom in that.
“I’m just worried things will go back to how they were, now that I’m back to just being some sixteen year old student, you know? Like he’ll want something more... with an adult.”
“No. I need you to reach into your lockbox and find a damn smile, then go apologize. Last thing we need is some arrogant rich person posting a yelpagram story about how shitty our diner is. We won’t survive that.” His boss actually looks worried, and it makes Cas soften just enough to suck it up.
She shoves him but asks Sam if he’ll be her partner, knowing Jares are inseparable-at-the-everything, and Dean’s just happy he got away. He’s still in a ridiculous costume, but he can
She rolled her eyes and playfully smacked him. “No, which is why it’s so impossible. But fine, I’ll see if Cole will stay.” Jody squinted at him, seeing right through him as always. “Exactly how loose do you want him to get?”
“Is it better? Do you like the idea that your students find you arousing?” He took a step in. “Do you think about it at night?”
Benny walks away to talk to a guard, and a skinny dude comes over and sits next to him to take his place. “Winchester, right? I'm Fitzgerald, but if you promise not to steal my cookies, you can call me Garth.”
“It’s not that. We only have four days until we meet up with Jask and Ares again for the midway point, and I’d rather be able to talk to Ares before we take that last step. I don’t want to have any doubts.” It was only then that Cas realized Dean hadn’t said anything at all about sex, and Cas was automatically jumping to the conclusion that their singular, shared kiss would lead there.
Ares laid there, catching his breath with a grin. Jask’s moan was so fucking delicious it made his spent cock twitch.
I usually don't post additional trigger warnings after the initial tags are done, but this chapter includes quite a bit of homophobic language and just general shittyness.
Alistar glanced over with a smirk. “Four is the amount you need. Without me, there would only be three.”
He smiled, he could understand that motivation. “In case you haven’t noticed, Dean is… chaos all on his own. I was hoping to go for a run, actually. The last time I attempted to bring him, it didn’t end well… and I think he could use some space from me.”
“Lame. I was rooting for you. So... who’s your favorite? You’re allowed to pick, they aren’t your actual kids. Although, I bet every parent does have a favorite.”
the hookup spot at this school.” Dean placed his hands on his hips and watched as the football players showed off their speed.
Dean frowned and walked closer. “No. But why did you try to fuck him? Of all people? And then you lied about it. You went out of your way to lie about it.”
“Mmhm. Beautiful, ain’t she?” Dean runs his hand along her hood and climbs inside, using a remote to open the garage. “She requires a lot of maintenance, but... it’s worth it.”
“Shit,” Dean whispered, his gaze dropping to watch Cas’ tongue. “How… incredibly forgetful of both of us.”
Dean stood faster than Cas expected and pulled his hand, shoving Jask and Ares out of the way. “Move it, asshats. We need to... uh...
“Yes,” Cas repeats. He feels a little badly for being rude, particularly when Dr. Montague’s candor is the first sign of friendliness he's seen since getting out of his car, but new people make him nervous. Abrasiveness is simply a defense mechanism he never managed to get past. “Where’s Dr. Shurley?”
have to think of a topic for my next book. Maybe an experiment like this would get my creative juices flowing.” He laughed a little and reached over to pick up Ares’ phone. “We’d remain faithful, right? It would just be some time apart to see how other people live their lives?”
As usual, Sam met him outside with a beer and a stereo cranking classic rock. Dean chugged half the beer before looking at Sammy’s plastic abomination. “The hell’s wrong with it this time?”
His day was dragging, and it seemed like every single kid wanted to test his patience. He chose dodgeball as an excuse to keep them busy, and if he laughed at a few kids getting blitzed by rubber balls, that was his own business.
Dean seemed to be doing the same, and before he knew it, Cas was putting on the movie while Dean preheated the oven and started the pie crust.
Cas frowned. “I take your safety seriously, Dean. Knives are much easier to control in a situation like this than a gun, and sometimes my fist isn’t enough.” He leaned in, biting the fork and chewing the steak slowly.
Dean was still in his room but came out a few moments later in gray sweats and a red shirt. “Ah, come on!!” He motioned to Cas’ outfit.
“Have you met any demons?” He teased, chuckling as he took a drink. “She’s... fierce but mostly kind. You might meet her, I never know when she is going to show up and just start cooking. Her girlfriend is nice, too.”
“Busy. My course load is larger than I anticipated it would be, and trying to fake date Dean in the process means I have very little free time. My apologies, Charlie.” Cas side-stepped slightly to remove himself from the cage she put him in, but she didn’t relent.
Ophelia tapped the page. “The part about thousands of bodies and one mind. I guess love fits, at least abstractly. Do you think this is trying to get us to guess motive? It’s a monster in love?”
Dean only fought him a little, his cock swollen and leaking uselessly as he placed both hands on the wall again. “Yours, I’m yours, Castiel. Always.” He surged forward to kiss him again, groaning at the extra tug to his hair.
Jask shook his head a little but looked unphased. “Nah. Haven’t seen my parents since I was eighteen and I never had any siblings. It’s just been me the last several years… well, me and D.” He fidgeted with the bottle, then continued, “Your bio said you have a sister. What’s she like?”
Ares was completely boneless as he laid on the bed, happy Jask didn’t instantly pull out of him and when he caught his breath he huffed a laugh. “Finally. It was better than I could have ever imagined.”
He didn’t hesitate for even a second. Dean pressed their lips together, and they whimpered in unison as he rolled Cas onto his back and slid between his legs. They were both hard from simply waking up, but their morning wood quickly changed to something much more when they brushed against each other for the first time and Dean slid his tongue into Cas’ mouth.
“Do you have any interest in opening your own garage? Or do you think you'd rather leave the business end to someone else?”
“Not if you don’t want to. I... guess I was just curious. I mean it seems to help people appreciate what they have at home and honestly, I need to appreciate you more. Everyone knows you deserve much more than this.” Ares set his phone aside and held eye contact, hoping this conversation wouldn’t hurt Cas.
“Yeah. Whatever you guys need. I don’t—” he sighed. “I don’t mean to be a pain in the ass okay? Whatever you need, really.” He turned and walked back toward the set.
Dean just nods, his annoying mouth finally quiet as they walk back through the store. He can still see the bulge in Dean’s jeans, and he feels pride in the fact that he’s finally rendered him speechless.
P wasted no time wrapping a broad hand around them and stroking, rolling his hips from underneath Dean and gasping into his mouth at the friction. It was weird as hell not being able to see a damn thing, but they didn’t need to. Their bodies just…
Jo let out a breath through her nose and glanced up from the phone. “Dean, it’s your life. You can do whatever you want to, but realistically... what all do you have your bodyguards doing right now?”
The pills disappear under the same book. “Don't sweat it. I don't really need much, and like I said... I won't be here much longer. Just gotta keep my nose clean for the next few months and I'm out.”
Dean walks behind Cas and wraps his arms around him, resting his chin on his shoulder. “Easy. I was a goner the second I saw his eyes. I proposed to him the night we met. I wasn’t jokin’.”
Dean said ‘no’ faster than Cas had, but when Cas turned to leave, Dean grabbed his arm. “Fine, fine. Fuck.” He reached up, pulling both of his contacts out, then slowly lifted his head to make eye contact. Dean’s eyes were an almost perfect mix of concerned yellow… and bright fucking pink. “Happy?”
He held out a hand and could see the second all the fight left Cas’ chest. “Fine, but no one else is dancing.” He blushed and took Dean’s hand.
dating. He had two days with Jask before he had to leave town and hit the road with his team, and that was weeks ago.
“Whatever. Again, I don’t see why you care. You made it clear that you’re just my teacher, and I’m nothing more than your student. I thought you’d prefer this look, anyway.” His mind wandered to all the possibilities of being here alone with Dean but when he met those gorgeous green eyes, he remembered,
The video ended with Dean’s perfect face ducking in the frame with pink eyes and a sexy smirk. “Happy Valentines Day, sweetheart. See you soon.”
“Copy that. How are you holding up, by the way? It can’t be easy with just you, are you sure you don’t want company?”
Dean looked over and then scooted closer, not caring about the seatbelt. “I didn’t get to give you a severance package.” He started fumbling with Cas’ slacks, and Cas gripped the steering wheel a little harder as a shiver ran up his spine.
“Fuck, you’re insanely hot.” Jask nearly tripped over himself trying to get up to follow suit, then dropped to his knees with an awed look on his face. “Yoga me, baby. I don’t know shit about it.”
“They still won’t let high school kids have contacts huh? That has to be embarrassing for him... Wait, you said he’s more the ’to hell with the consequences’ type? Maybe he isn’t embarrassed... I was when Pame- I mean, Miss Barnes told me my eyes were pink.”
It sounds like a better plan than any Cas could've come up with, so he follows without a complaint and loads the groceries into the trunk of the Impala as his cock hardens in anticipation. “Lead the way.”
too well.” Cas closed his eyes and let Dean take care of him, feeling spoiled. “I’ve never showered with someone before.”
Cas raised a single eyebrow and put his palm on Dean’s chest, pushing him out of the room. “Goodbye, Dean.” The door shut again and the lock clicked into place.
Most of him wanted to say no, but he wasn’t on the clock, and Dean was being an ass. “I did hang up you, actually. You’re drunk, Dean.”
It seemed overly formal, even for them, but Cas simply stepped back politely. “Interesting, to say the least. How was yours?”
“Course. Teenage hormones are no joke, you remember. Wait... you never grew out of it.” Sam barked a laugh and polished off another beer. “All good in there, now?”
Ares made sure to take a quick shower, but he was a little nervous for what Cas might want to talk about. Regardless, he knew talking was good, and he didn’t know if he’d made it two weeks without talking to his best friend.
Dean stood there a moment, shocked. “I get to be Batman?! Like for real this time?? Not some failed TV show? Holy shit!” His smile hurt his cheeks. “Batman, Cas?!”
They woke up tangled together and Ares chucked at how crazy Jask’s hair was. Unable to help himself, he leaned in and kissed along his jaw, hoping he stayed asleep while also hoping he’d wake up.
Cas sighed, turning back to Cole. “It’s not like that. And it’s also none of your business, I’m still fully capable of doing my job.” He turned on his heel to follow Dean, but he was already gone.
As soon as he's fed, he heads over to the garage and Gad greets him with a grin. “You ready to fix up that Hellcat? I think you've earned it, and all the vans are caught up for now.”
“I've already told you what he was like, sort of. He had a bit of a traumatic childhood and it darkened him. There were days when he couldn't see how much he was worth, how truly incredible he was. But he never gave up, not on himself, not on me… not on anyone. He’s the strongest man I've ever met. The most loving man I've ever met. But… in the end, that's exactly what drove us apart. He spent his whole life taking care of his brother after their mother died. Their father wasn't around much, and when he was, he… wasn't kind to them. He did what he could to make sure his brother was safe, happy, and stayed in school. His brother ended up getting a full ride to Stanford, but refused to move across the country without him. So… he went.”
Everyone got quiet and looked around the room. “Not yet.” Sonny pulled out his cellphone and checked his messages. “Alistair said he is still in bed. Looks like Havoc bit his pants.” He chuckled slightly. “Damned dog. To answer your question, Castiel… no, he has no say. He would never choose what is best for him. Have you seen the videos of him and Jo at that party last night? He doesn’t make good decisions. He will be informed when he comes in today. I will tell him myself.”
“Chicken butt?” Dean laughed way too hard at his own joke and then straightened again. “Alright, alright, hit me.”
“Hey man, I was dyin’. Just trying to give the kid some comfort before I left. Felt like my job. And you brought him up that time, Asstiel.” Dean gets out of the car with a grin and heads for the trunk. “Mimes are lucky there’s little kids in there, otherwise we’d just grab the grenade launcher.”
“Oh, got him out of the way.” Cain stalks forward, jerking his head and sending the makeshift weapon flying across the room, leaving him defenseless again. “Are you Dean Winchester?”
“Yeah... He’s in my sixth period. He’s a little shit, too, but all those kids without parents are. His brother isn’t too bad, but even he’s an ass sometimes. I see the appeal, I do, but he might get your ass in trouble, D. He radiates trouble... Although, I’ve never seen him with pink eyes. Definitely a
One thing they picked up over the last year was how much more each of them craved words of affirmation, and they both made sure they never missed a day.
“I have to find a way, existing or otherwise, that isn’t currently utilized by relationship psychologists as a method of encouraging communications between couples, particularly when one party doesn’t wish to go to
When Thursday came, Cas scratched off another date and they had to be blindfolded again, this time trying foods and guessing what they were. Dean went into it confidently and when he sat in the chair with his eyes covered, he couldn’t wait to see what Cas was going to feed him. “You gonna feed me or just stare at me?” He grinned, knowing Cas was standing over him.
don’t s—” He let go with a loud, broken cry, coming so much that Dean actually had a problem swallowing it all.
It's a half-naked mess trying to clean up — Dean gets the pan off the stove while Cas cracks open a window, using a dish towel to try and get the smoke out. By the time he's running over to reset the smoke detector, he's laughing so hard he's coughing.
The knowledge that Dean thought of him too made him squirm, but he didn’t show it. Part of him knew this conversation was dangerous but he couldn’t bring himself to lie to Dean about anything. “I have, yes.”
“Love?” Cas offered. “It’s something, obviously, but it can’t be quantified, proven, or seen… so it’s technically nothing, but something? It can also be considered both old and young… what was the last part again?”
He checked his watch again, hoping Cole would hurry up. Cas wanted out of that room and off his shift, before he did something incredibly stupid like
a student he wouldn’t have trouble remembering. Then there was Abaddon, a sophomore girl with fiery hair and a shitty attitude. He knew from the moment she walked in that she would give him grief, and he hadn’t been wrong. Then, there was Jimmy Novak in his fourth period history class. He was
Thursday shifts and moves some papers around until he's pulling out a packet. “I’ll be the judge of that. We’ll start you off with some basic courses, just to get your feet wet again, then move you to business-oriented classes. How does that sound?”
The music took a moment to register, but he quickly realized Dean wouldn’t be joining him on the porch.
Seconds passed with nothing, and Cas thought he was going to burst right out of his skin. Suddenly, Cas could feel Dean’s rough hands sliding up his thighs, spreading the clay in places it definitely didn’t need to be - but knowing that fact only made it hotter. He traced slow lines, driving Cas crazy. Dean’s hot breath brushed over his cheek, and the smell of the cherry pie he was just eating before coming outside reached his nose. “How’s it feel, sweetheart?”
“Fuck... Cas...” Ares kissed him again, loving the feeling of being pinned and the thrill of being in a very public place. Circumstances had him craving something he rarely got such a strong urge for. “I want to fuck you, babe. Do we have lube in the car?”
He had to appreciate that his friend had more to be afraid of than he did; he wasn’t sure he’d have it in him to allow a complete stranger anywhere near his cock.
Dean only teased a few seconds before diving in and sucking Cas off with every damn trick in the book, hoping he could make him feel even half as good as Cas made him feel. He rocked carefully into Dean’s mouth, keeping his moans low and fisting one hand in Dean’s hair while the other was tugging on his own.
The words are out before he can stop them, and he’s got his apron halfway off just on instinct. “You— what? Castiel?” Anna’s face is pure shock but she doesn’t seem angry, just confused. “Are you sure?”
Dean pouts out his lip and kisses again, moving his hips in the smallest of circles. “Can I suck you, babe? I fuckin’ miss it.”
“Yes,” he says quickly. “In the interest of honesty, you're paying me too much as it is. I don't mind cooking, though I also wanted to ask… do you have someone else that will do the dishes? I hate those, but will do them if it's expected of me.”
Jask tried so hard it was comical, but the big oaf just wasn’t graceful at all. It took him about four seconds to fall flat on his face, but grunted and got back up. His second attempt was better, but it was clear he was straining. “You do this shit for fun?”
help. And knowing that, how could I ever live with myself if I didn't? I believe that no one is beneath a second chance. I've seen what happens in places like Cellblock D. And B, and C, and E… and every other prison across America. The way you were treated over there, what do you think you'd be like after ten years? Do you think you'd be able to go back to your life and make something of yourself, or do you think you'd still be angry, and scared, and violent because that's all you knew in here? You'd get out with no skills, no money, no place to stay. How would you ever get back on your feet?”
Cas was generally uncomfortable with that question, mainly because he didn’t have a good answer that didn’t make him seem like a psycho. “Guinea pigs are nice.” He shrugged, knowing absolutely everything he could think of would bore the life out of Dean, and that was the last thing he wanted.
As he lays down and covers his head with the pillow to block out the light, he smiles to himself. If things stay good with Frenchie, he may not need anyone else at all to help him get through this.
“Course. All good here.” He grabbed his beer to polish it off and then tossed it in the recycle. “I really don’t mean to pressure you with shit like that, Cas. I want you comfortable here. Also, got like five houses tomorrow, all before lunch, so... gonna turn in. Take your time, really. Nothin’ is wrong.”
“Princess has spoken, loosen the suit Cas. We’re playin’ pool.” Dean waked over and ruffled his hair. “Ah... better. C’mon.” He waved an arm and walked towards the room he decided to call his Batcave.
Grumbling, Cas threw a pillow at him. “You refused to help me! It would have been done in ten minutes if you weren’t laughing at me so hard.”
It didn’t take long for Cas’ fingers to tightly grip his hair and he thrust into Dean’s mouth, leaking precome in the back of his throat. “This escalated… quickly.” He tipped his head back and a shudder ran through his body as he started face-fucking Dean, then pulled out abruptly, gripping the base of his cock and staring down at Dean. “Get up.” His voice was ragged, needy, even. “I need to feel you, I need to
“I can handle rough, Cas.” Dean grabbed his jeans and pulled them on, leaving the fly open. “How long should we stay in here before we leave?”
Cas has absolutely no way to justify that complete truth, so he simply straightens his spine and heads for the door. “Have a good day, Deputy.”
She wanted to say more, he could see that, but she didn’t push more. “Another thing Abaddon is going to flip over, but fuck her, right?” Jody offered a small smile.
Straight ahead were two vault doors, one with a sign that read “Who?” and another that read “How?”. Cas walked over to meet up with the others, who were all already pouring over the files.
He looked obscenely good, and for the second time that hour, Cas found himself pointedly looking away. But now, he had a chance to erase any doubt. “Did you find it difficult?”
Blowjobs were awesome, but he’d be lying if he said he didn’t want more from this stranger. He had been very clear about this remaining anonymous, and Dean couldn’t complain. This made it easier for both of them. Relationships never went well for Dean - words just weren’t his thing - but now that he was communicating strictly through text, he didn’t have to worry about his dumb mouth getting him in trouble. At least not from talking.
“Of course.” Thursday clears his throat, dropping his gaze back to the files — but it's clear he's not really seeing them anymore. “What did you do for fun? What were you good at, other than hunting?”
It took every ounce of willpower he had to break the kiss, but he did. He’d hoped it would be something short and sweet, just something to take the edge off and ease him in, but instead… it was anything but. Cas knew if he didn’t pull back now, he wouldn’t pull back at all. “Dean…”
Dean hangs on even though he can tell it isn’t necessary. Cas has him, and he’d never drop him. That thought alone has some of the terror he was feeling receding, but his instincts won't let him completely relax. Especially when he still doesn't really understand what just happened. “How many people did he hurt?”
Ares groaned into his mouth, his hips moving in a small circle as he lapped into Jask’s mouth. “Show me how much you want this ass.”
Silence answers him, and Dean's confused for a moment when Cas disappears — until his legs are shoved apart and a hot, insistent tongue starts cleaning him up. Cas sucks the mess from his balls and leaves small, quick hickeys on the insides of his thighs as he finishes the job, then pulls back enough to spread Dean's cheeks and dive back in.
It took him a moment to respond, his eyes practically rolled back in his head. “Fuh… It’ll be fine, you’ll fit. Fuck, I bet you’re gonna split me open so good.” Dean bit his lip and reached down to palm himself through his panties, then shoved them down enough to fist his cock.
This led to him being spacey and distracted as he got out of the car and made his way into the airport, which apparently made him an easy target for the group of reporters that normally hung out there sniffing for stories. He was snapped back into reality by a barrage of questions when one of them recognized him.
“M’fine.” He sounded shaken and paused for a moment as Cas once again got his bearings in the dark. “Fuck, man...”
to get out of the house. He nearly checked in with P to see if he was horny too, but Dean shrugged off his morning hormones and got dressed.
“Agreed. Click it.” Ares’ cock twitched at the implication and he wanted to let Cas ride him in the dirt this time so he had a really good memory before they parted.
A couple of minutes later, Cas chuckled. “Okay. Stay here.” He left, returning a while later with a tray full of food. “Come on, sit up, I don’t want to spill the juice.”
“Whatever, Brains, not the point. I’m not your patient, so… ask me somethin’ and maybe I’ll play ball.” Dean crosses his arms and thinks of another request. “Oh, and order a pizza while you’re buttering me up.”
The class murmured various greetings, and Dean made a point to make eye contact with Cas for once. “Anyone do anything fun last night?”
Luckily, he comes across some cards so he lays them out and stands up. “Who wants to get their ass kicked?”
“I’ll take door number two. Kinda feel like deckin’ someone before I get off. Then you can give me some soufflé.”
“Did you see the looks he was giving his brother? It was… creepy. Anyway, I suppose that's what we get for going into a bar called
just in the month they’d lived together. He was getting a little bigger and was still as annoying and yappy as ever — but the smile he consistently brought to Dean’s face was worth it.
Dean chuckled and took a big bite, much too big to be able to respond, but he still tried. “Girlfriend? Nope. Never. You?”
He felt the teasing poke of Woody’s head at his hole, and then finally felt the stretch and burn of his cock splitting him open.
He figured this experiment would help them, and maybe Ares could even get some topping tips from Jask, but even as he thought it, he didn’t want it. He didn’t want tips from Jask, he wanted to experience him.
Cole shrugged a little and waved his hand in front of Cas’ face, grinning like an asshole. “Probably why I get paired with him all the time instead of the other two, I’m the fun one. Hell yeah, I’ll take some food.”
“I love you, Castiel Novak. With all of me.” Dean starts playing Cas’ favorite tune, and when he starts singing the whole world drifts away.
“There are four riddles here. Great, brain games,” Ophelia laughed. “Just what I wanted on my first day off from the baby.”
vibes, and that was more than he could’ve hoped for. The place came partially furnished, but though Cas would still have to buy quite a few things to fill the interior, he had a bed and working appliances, which seemed like a good start to him. “Just set the boxes in the living room, I’ll start unpacking in a little while.”
He tasted better than anyone Dean had ever tasted, and he greedily drank him down, sliding off slowly and placing a single kiss to the head.
“Okay,” Cas said quietly as he pulled back and turned to the others. “Are we going to talk about the fact that we couldn’t make it a whole day without seeing each other, or… should we just act like that’s not weird?”
Back in safe territory, they talked about Sam’s relationship, politics, and the friggin weather. Anything but Cas.
Dean exhaled a shaky breath as he held his knees spread apart. His eyes were locked on Cas’ slowly disappearing cock, and he pulled his bottom lip between his teeth as Cas sunk inside so slowly he thought he’d burn alive with anticipation.
Ares’ gaze shifts slightly and he stares at his books like he’s lost in deep thought. “Was it Stanford you said?”
The heart eyes looked weird on Cas’ face, but in a good way. “It took you long enough to ask, honestly. Let’s go.”
“Yeah, but he still insists on callin’ me Mr. Winchester. I hate it.” Dean looks around at all the people staring and smiles at some girl’s phone camera. “Weirdos.”
Lunchtime held a surprise when Cas sat down to see Abaddon basically in Jimmy’s lap, her expression as smug as he’d ever seen it. But there was definite gold in her eyes, which was something Cas wasn’t sure
Dean turned, raising a cold eyebrow at them. “If you two spent half as much time listening to me as you did gossiping about me, you might actually be getting better grades.” A few of the students smirked, and Dean turned back to continue his lesson.
That was truthfully the only part of the lyrics he knew, but that didn’t stop Dean from improvising. “I looked for love… in a truck stop bathroom.”
His eyes fell back to the screen, and the bratty looking picture of Cas answered the question for him.
“No.” He answered much to quickly again. “Not at all nope. No, sir.” Ares turned with a smirk. “Convinced?”
When Dean wakes the next morning, his excitement overshadows his hangover. Yeah, he needs an extra cup of coffee before his shower, but once he’s dressed in his uniform and ready to go, he looks almost normal. Ben
“You’re… surprisingly comfortable for someone so” — he squeezed Dean’s bicep — “muscular. I don’t particularly want to move.”
Dean ruts in deeper, just to make his mouthy little omega gasp, and then he grabs some chips and starts eating. “Not like I could help it. Blame your own damn scent.”
The sigh Cas lets out is worth it, but then he raises his eyebrow. “You said the last time we were here that you'd made a connection you weren't quite ready to talk about. Care to elaborate?”
“You always a smart ass, Loreal?” Dean walks in front, chuckling until he sees Butcher. He looks down, trying not to flinch too hard when he sits.
The shuffle that follows almost irritates Cas — there are too many layers separating them. In a haze of messy, needy kisses, he finally manages to pull their bare cocks together and rocks up on his toes, grinding them together with a grunt. “Gods... I forgot how good this feels bare,” he moans, looking down to watch and spit on the tips.
Ares hummed and bared his neck for those perfect hands, thinking of how he would miss them for at least a few weeks. “It was okay, nothing too crazy. Thank you for this dinner and the neck rub, baby. You’re beyond amazing.”
“Fine.” Dean laughed loudly as he watched the video, loud enough that Cas was sure the damn pilot heard. “I won’t show anyone, but I’m keepin’ it.”
“See?” Cas sucked a bruise into Dean’s shoulder where it wouldn’t be seen and groaned as he bottomed out again, grinding against Dean’s body. “You
“Real big, fast car. That flies.” He closed his eyes and licked his lips. “Honestly, I feel safest when you’re there anyway. So, I sleep better. But you’re gonna have to eat sometimes.”
Dean smiled sadly. “Not gonna happen. I wish, trust me, but I can’t. It’s bad enough he comes here all the damn time. No way we could keep hiding it if he was living here full time.”
“Oh, sh— Cas...” Dean grips Cas’ old sheets and plants his feet, loving every second of his prostate’s assault. He tries to speak, but all that comes out is a muffled, “Uggnh.”
Dean grunts as he lands, crawling away from Cain slowly. He can see Cas through the blood running down his face and he worries for him, not knowing how strong he is — but those wings spread wide and his eyes flash, and Dean gets the idea pretty quick that Cas isn't someone to fuck with.
“What kinda bite was that? Get in there, Cas.” Dean reached over and grabbed Cas’ fork, scooping up a big bite. “C’mon, go for it.” He waited with a huge grin on his face.
“What's the name of your ex? The one you're all moody about all the time?” He gets right in Dean's face, gripping his chin to keep him paying attention. “What's his
Sharing anyone didn’t sound like something Cas would be into, but he also didn’t want to hurt Ares if he was behaving.
“I think the fan broke. It overheated yesterday while driving slow in the neighborhood, but not while I was actually driving on the highway. I hope it’s an easy fix. You look... wound. You good, Dean?”
he be the one to read them bedtime stories were odd, especially considering that Dean was the actor… but he had to admit, it was incredibly nice to feel so welcomed.
She chuckled, using her key fob to unlock her car. “Have a nice summer, gentlemen.” Before either of them could say anything else, she drove off. Dean turned to stare at Cas open mouthed.
Cas glanced at Dean, suddenly afraid things were about to go south. He shifted a little closer to him as he asked, “What about it?”
“Well, well,” Jenny tuts, stepping between them. “I always wondered what you'd look like on your back, Dean. This is… better than I thought. How have you been?”
Nothing else came from Dean the rest of the day, until after the bell rang to signal the end of last period.
“Yeah?” Dean still tries to play it off, but he pockets the lube anyway. “What about you? You ever get laid?”
“Yeah right, I already got the one I needed.” Jask grinned, sliding his broad hands up Ares’ body. “You’re not getting rid of me that easy.”
“Just tell me you don’t want me to touch him. Tell me it’ll hurt you, and I swear to fuck I won’t do it.”
had to offer, Cas let out a whimper and angled his head to further constrict his throat, then loosened up as the man started fucking his face.
“Yes, I’ll go get it ready.” Cas kissed his forehead and walked to the oversized bath to start the water, and Dean entered a few seconds later completely naked.
“Yeah, you should. Congrats.” Cas didn’t give a shit about college, but he wouldn’t piss in her lemonade.
The Trickster bowls through them and heads for the TV, turning on one of those Yule log channels and muting it. “Problemo solved.”
“I think we both know you’re going to love him, anyway. You better… I still can’t believe I thought this was a good idea.” He smiled, hoping Dean would realize he was only teasing. “Do you want to reunite him with Chaos, or should we wait?”
He heaved in some welcome air as he sat back, grinning down at Dean’s limp body. “Do you still think I have a problem fitting it all in my mouth?”
The air between them changed almost instantly, but it wasn’t bad; it was charged. Nervous, almost… and one look in Dean’s eyes told Cas it was coming from him. “I love you too, Cas.”
That was enough encouragement to get Dean going and sliding Cas to the back of his throat. He had to reach down and grip his own cock at how fucking hot Cas was but he didn’t stop. Dean reached his other hand up to run it along Cas’ chest and flick his nipple, loving the reaction Cas gave with every new sensation.
Cas bites his tongue and cooks the new order, then slides the plate toward her. “You take it this time.”
Cas turned down Dean’s long driveway. “Because, you can’t be without prepared protection. Someone in uniform needs to at least be in the vicinity.” He parked out front and licked his lips slowly, slowly turning his eyes back to Dean. “If you need a vacation, take one. I’m sure Jaskier would be thrilled.”
Winchester smirked, pushing the steak into Cas’ mouth and biting his own lip as Cas wrapped his lips around it. “Like the taste?”
Ares inched his legs further apart as Jask wiggled two fingers inside of him, making him groan in pleasure. “Oh fuck... gods, I’ll never get sick of this. Take me... I’m still open, baby.”
“No, Ma’am.” Dean blushed furiously, wishing Cas would’ve let them get the words out before the actions. He was grateful for the contacts since he was sure his eyes were bright, iridescent yellow. “I uh… should start by sayin’ I’m grateful you invited me over for dinner, and I promise I didn’t corrupt your nephew. He was like that when I got him.” He smiled nervously, hoping at least someone would laugh at his poor attempt at a joke.
When Cas laid down in bed that night, he was wearing Dean’s shirt from the night before. It still smelled like him, and when he stared at the ceiling with his nose buried inside the collar,
“I honestly don’t. I just couldn’t help it. You have a pretty dick, Cas.” Dean kissed him back and rutted against his hand.
in there.” Dean pulls Cas back up and sits him down, then climbs onto his lap facing the front of the car and lines him up. “Do that mojo thing, Cas.”
Dean grips the couch and releases, moaning Frenchie’s name with a sinful growl and getting it all up his shirt, clear to his chest. The rush of hot come fills him at the same time, and he’s pulled down into a heated kiss as Frenchie slows his movements. Dean rolls his hips through it, stopping after a few moments and then sitting up to roll off and get cleaned up. “Best fuck i’ve had in a year, hands down.”
The looks on their faces were priceless, but Cas couldn’t be more grateful to them. He followed Dean to the bathroom and jumped into his arms suddenly enough that Dean nearly fell over, but he kept them both upright with a happy grin.
They may not have been able to keep their hands off each other before, but that was nothing compared to the moment they walked through the door after leaving Dean’s — and every moment after.
Dean opened and found himself desperately lapping into Jask’s mouth as he climbed into his lap. Burger be damned, Jask needed this right now, and if he was being honest, so did Dean.
Something about that set Jask at ease. “You’re infinitely too good for me. Seriously. Don’t tell Castiel that, though.” He smiled a little and turned back to keep packing, throwing the last of his things in his duffle. “Well, if that’s not enough, I guess I’ll just go shopping. Good thing my boss said he shouldn’t have a problem finding me work out there.”
There was a rustling on the other end like she was flipping through papers, then she hummed an affirmative. “Yep, sure can. Text me the address, I’ll bring the little furball and all his fixins. Do you need anything else?”
Jask opened Ares’ underwear drawer and dug around, expecting to find a dildo or a toy of some sort, but what he found was infinitely better.
smack his ass that time. “Guess we’ll find out.” He took off, racing down the stairs and slamming into the front door. He grunted with the impact and then swung it open, leaving it wide as he jogged down the porch steps and onto the grass.
He doesn't take his eyes off Dean, but he does finally climb off him. If Dean wants to go to his brother, Cas won't stop him.
The class snickered, Cas included. “He may not know how to spell his own name, but he wasn’t wrong there.” People like Ashton stopped bothering Cas years ago, they were like sharks. If they smelled blood, they’d never stop.
They'd met originally when Cain had unleashed the last of his Knights on the world. Even being an angel, Cas hadn't been much of a match for the Knight that could only be killed by the First Blade, and he'd gone to Cain in an attempt to take his Mark. Things had escalated from there, and while the details have mostly faded from Cas’ memory, they'd started something of an affair that lasted decades.
It's a mark of just how much self control Cas really has that he still manages to bottom out slowly. Too fucking slow, but once he does, Cas drops forward and buries his face in Dean’s neck as he rolls his hips to get even deeper. He sounds wrecked with every word, every breath, every thrust that makes Dean’s cock leak with need. “Per-perfect. Your ass is perfect, it's so much… fuck.” Cas’ shoulders pin his chest to the mattress as he reaches down with both hands to lift Dean’s ass, barely pulling out at all as he humps into him and growls against his neck. “Even better than I remember.”
“Against my better judgement, something called ‘tator tot casserole’. It’s basically an edible clogged artery, but I’m trying to do things your way until it’s time for me to take over.” Cas’ eyes lingered for a moment on the dirt, dust, and grease covering Dean’s hands, but the reaction was over almost before it started. “Sit,” he said quietly. “I’ll get it dished up, it should be done in a couple of minutes.”
“Mmhm. Speaking of...” He sets his fork down. “Any of your hookers go missing off the corner? And yeah, I said
Ares suddenly smiled, seconds before laughing out loud and running a hand down his face. “You’re so good with words it kills me.” He teased, leaning in again for another kiss.
“I absolutely wanna spoon you, though... so... just sayin'. Don't be afraid to crawl over here.” He winks as the lights dim for the night but stays on his own side.
pie.” He flipped his barbell between his teeth and stared at Dean’s hand on his leg, suddenly aware of how heavy his balls were. “It should be ready when we get there.”
“Cas.” Dean looks up, still petting Miracle. “We’re free. No one can control us, no one can silence us. We’re finally fucking free.”
“Yes, burgers will be fine. No mustard, but… everything else is fair game.” Cas slid out of bed, not trying to hide his own erection that hadn’t gone away yet. If Dean was going to play like that, so was Cas. “Can I make you something for lunch?”
Frenchie licks into his mouth with a heated growl as he unzips Dean’s jumpsuit and slides a hand in to palm him, gripping his own cock through his pants with his other hand.
looks at the omega for the first time, realizing just how damn gorgeous he is, especially with Dean’s bite. He nuzzles into it again, inhaling Cas’ scent and smiling when he notices how quickly it’s changing. Cas still smells like Cas, but not just that — he smells like
Aunty Amara was pissed at him for ditching so many classes already, and after a thirty minute long lecture that ended with the usual ‘I’m not your mom, but I know what’s best’ line, they sat in an awkward silence at the dinner table. The fact that she tried to make steak was just sad now; no steak would ever be as flavorful and juicy as Winchester’s.
“Shit!” Dean darted outside to flip the burgers. “Almost burned burgers reading boring shit... turnin’ into you, Cas. Your nerd is contagious.”
The fact that he already felt like this after just two weeks made him nervous, but also excited. It spoke of all the amazing things to come, and as Ares fell asleep with his head in Jask’s lap, he
“Yeah, Saturday works.” Dean chuckled. “During the day, this isn’t a booty call. Havoc misses you, that’s all.” He laughed again. “Alright then, see you Saturday evening, asshat.”
“Sounds dirty,” Jask laughed, abruptly stopping when he saw the looks on everyone’s faces. “C’mon, don't even look at me like that. It’s eyes, I’m not an idiot. Sue me for having some fun.”
A shiver runs through Cas as he bites his lip and gets back up in the seat, but the second that Dean tries to come anywhere near him, that fat cock slaps his lips. “Say please.”
“Not the way they're threatening you. They say I'm too skinny, but... no matter how much I eat, I just never seem to gain any weight.” Garth smiles and pats his stomach, but jerks his head back toward Benny. “If you want to avoid getting threatened, he's your guy. Been in here for a dime already, and they say every few years, he picks a toy. No one ever fucks with Big Ben's toy.”
He nods, leaning into the touch and sighing. “Check on Lee please? Just… just make sure Michael healed him?”
“Ah... makes sense.” Dean mumbled around his food. “There’s more patties if you guys are hungry. Toss ’em on, junkless.”
Jask shrugged and opened the cupboard with the liquor. “If you want to, sure. Long week? Or marriage problems?”
“Yeah, AC works great here, built her myself.” Dean moved the blankets to open it and then motioned for Cas to lay. “You get too hot or somethin’? I can turn it up.”
Dean brings his thumbnail up to his mouth and chews it with a gallic shrug. “Well... yeah. Were we not on the same page there?”
Cas cleared his throat, not one part of his expression changing. “I don’t know, I seem to remember winning that night, too... although, I suppose that had nothing to do with pool.”
“Ah fuck, Cas. So fucking full! My ass doesn’t wanna let you go.” Dean braced himself against the pool table.
Jo spoke up for them. “They missed each other, so yeah, what he said, and more. Olivia wants to just relax a little, but we all know Michael won’t let her.” She ruffled Dean’s hair affectionately. “Always a pain in her ass.”
He leans forward and bites his lip. “Which part of your cocky little ass are you offering up, then?”
By Monday morning, Dean knew he’d have to take himself up on that offer sooner rather than later. Cas showed up to school in those damned black skinny jeans, and his ass looked so fucking good that Dean was considering a change of career. He’d long since stopped trying to derail his mind when he started thinking about Cas riding him, his cock bouncing between his thighs as he bounced like a fucking angel. No, he figured it was best to just clench his jaw until the fantasy played itself out, then pray to god that his boner went away before he had to stand up.
“I want a burger and then pie. What about you?” Dean sat up straighter when the waitress came over and let Cas order for him. He pulled out his phone for the first time since they left and avoided her gaze.
“I haven’t read it. Wanna share the quote? Or is it personal?” Dean looked over his shoulder and smelled Cas for the first time. There was something familiar he couldn’t pinpoint about the faded scent of his cologne, but for some reason it made Dean smile.
Without realizing where he’s going, he sees a sign that he’s nearing the docks and smiles. This is probably his favorite place in the world, and he’s been to a few places that a lot of people would say are a million times better, but he doesn’t care. There’s just something about this gem being right in his backyard — so to speak, anyway. It looks as empty as usual, and he passes the main docks and heads to the furthest one from the main road, parking Baby under the oak tree and shutting her off. It takes a few moments of walking to find the dock, and he smiles to himself as he exits the shade from the trees, the sun beaming down on his face. There’s no one around for miles, and Dean lays back on that dock and stares at the sky, trying not to think about Cas.
“Oh... okay.” Dean chuckled and tried to stand up, he tripped over the coffee table and caught himself on the couch, finally seeing where his phone was. “Oh, there it is. Let’s go, Cole. Show me how
“No?” Dean slowly dropped to his knees and kissed a line across Cas’ waist. “Then I guess I’ll be sure to give you a good first impression. Hand me the soap.”
Man comes out as decidedly not straight to his wife, man’s wife takes his daughter and moves clear across the country, and man gets in an accident on the way home because he didn't see the truck about to blow the stop sign to his right.
Dean’s knees clenched so hard they almost touched and his phone slipped from his hand but he caught it before it hit the desk.
Ares chuckled as he walked over to their record player to turn it on. “I think people will understand. They all get nauseous around us anyway.”
be this stuff.” He wrinkled his nose at it and grabbed a serving spoon and a couple of plates. “So enjoy it while you can.”
Blushing from getting caught staring, Cas grabbed his team’s files and headed for the ‘Who’ door. “Just shut up and come on. We have a mystery to solve.”
His breathing speeds up and he tells himself to push Dean away — he really does — but his fingers end up looping themselves in Dean's belt loops instead. Without thinking, Cas leans in and kisses him, all teeth and tongue and rage.
“Yup. Big fail. Now you have to clean me in your shower, darn.” Cas bit his lip and went on his tiptoes to kiss him again. “Are you going to pick my shirt, or do I have to go through your dresser?”
That shut them both up. Cas never swore like that. Cole blinked and dropped his arms, looking over at Cas. “Princess wants to get laid and he just had his world turned upside down. You got a better idea than it being one of us? You want fucking Ishim coming back, or someone worse than him?”
He’d rather not, but Dean’s comfort was nearly as important as his safety. Cas placed one hand on the middle of Dean’s back and kept his eyes peeled in the darkness.
Cas clenched his jaw and pulled out his phone, rapid-fire typing out a message and setting it down. “Nothing out of the ordinary, honestly.” The waitress returned with their food and went on her way, and Cas nodded to his plate. “Eat.”
Cas is vaguely aware of the smell of something burning, but he's so close that the house could burn down around them and he still wouldn't stop. He bares his neck for Dean, letting out a long, low moan as he speeds up his strokes.
Finally able to move, Cas spread his legs as far as he could to grind down harder, gasping loudly at the friction caused from Dean’s jeans. “Don’t stop, please don’t stop. I’m - so close, Dean!”
“Right now. Havin’ a shit day and I wanna forget my own name.” He tripped again and made his way back towards his bottle, taking another swig.
The man must have felt it, or seen it between his dirty boots, because he tensed and sped up his thrusts. Cas tasted him leaking on the back of his tongue seconds before he surged forward with a loud moan, emptying deep into Cas’ throat with enough come he was sure he’d choke on it.
Cas licks his lips slowly. “There's not much to tell. I've loved to cook ever since I was a little kid, I love my family but don't see them often… I’m boring.”
“Thanks, boys! Maybe I will.” She looked way too happy for her own good, but at least she wasn’t talking about homework anymore.
“Yup. My nose was buried in research last night... lots of... studying. See you, Dean.” Cas turned on his heel and walked out, nodding at a guy in the back of Dean’s class.
“Jeez, Dean. C’mon...” Sam scoffed and shook his head as Eileen sat in his lap. “What’s the most romantic thing you’ve done?”
“All of them, Cas. All of them. Even the most innocuous threat could be serious, you know how the fringe fans are. Celebrities have been killed for less, there's just no talking sense into these people.” She sounded tired, prompting Cas to wonder what their schedules were like now.
“Alright.” Dean sat up and pulled out his phone. Once it turned on, he searched for the nearest hotel. “Should we go for one of the smaller motels instead of a nice hotel? To stay off the radar?”
Dean scoffed and grabbed his phone to put it away. “Princess. If I was a princess, I wouldn’t have to settle for shitty plane coffee. And I know I can trust
Luckily for Dean, no one else visits him in the laundry room. He ends up staying there until it's time for work detail to come in and sneaks out quietly before he can get caught, then makes his way to the showers. He'd been excited for this part until he'd actually gotten here — the thought of a bunch of hardened criminals jacking off right in front of him was hot as shit, but he realizes now that's probably not how things are gonna go down at all.
Like the last time, Dean bit his lip to keep from saying ‘hi’, or anything equally stupid. He knew he had a recognizable voice, and the last thing he needed was to be recognized by some kid’s dad, and... yeah. That had happened to him before at a bar. Pegasus had let him know he would sanitize the hole - again - so this time Dean skipped the wipe down and instantly worked on his jeans.
“Again,” he growls, pulling Azrian's face toward his own to kiss him. Az whines but bucks into his hand, his cock still thick with need.
Not a single drop spills as Azrian slides the full glass over, and Dean shakes his head with a laugh as he brings it to his lips. “You’re not wrong.” He takes the drink in one gulp and pushes the cup back over. “Speaking of, how often would you say Norelli comes to visit you, huh?”
Charlie stood on her toes to steal the next riddle from Sam. “My turn! ‘You might find one on a broomstick, or boiling eye of newt. One of them made Snow White sick, by giving her poisoned fruit.’ Well, that’s easy enough, but a witch kind of throws the whole ‘ghost of Dracula’ thing out the window.”
He noted it was a double date that needed planning, so after confirming Jask and Ares’ availability for the coming Saturday, they scratched it off. Cas barked a laugh as he read what it said. “We need to dress up as 1940’s crooners… complete with music from the era, cigars that will likely give us lung cancer, and poker. Apparently, we’re supposed to pretend to be in the mob. I have a feeling you and Jaskier will end up being the ones on the date here…” he trailed off, screwing up his face. “Flirt with him and I'll end you.”
He comes instantly at the command laced in that voice, his body quivering under Castiel’s as he adds to the mess he already made. “Sofuckinggood! Fuck!” He struggles to catch his breath, but loses it again instantly when Cas fills him up again.
It's an easy agreement, so once everyone’s done eating, Cas directs them back to the rec area and dims the overhead lights so the decorations stand out better. “It's a shame we don't have a fireplace, hm?”
“I love you, Ares. And whatever happens… we’ll deal with it in a month, okay? No secrets, no judgement.” Cas kissed him again before he could answer and slowly laid him down, kissing over his jaw and down to his throat.
“I dunno yet.” He thought about it. He used to have ideas, but now they seemed trivial. He wanted to get one with meaning.
“Um... okay. Yeah, I’m Dean. Where am I goin?” He motions further in. “Be nice not to be the new kid that gets lost lookin’ for my cell.”
Jimmy beamed, setting his glass down. “Screw college, that’s awesome! You’ve been working really hard, you should celebrate.”
Dealing with Havoc was easier said than done. The puppy wasn’t yet completely housebroken and had peed on Cas’ shoes
Cas was at his side in an instant, watching their surroundings and holding him close. Feeling his strong arms around him helped Dean finally breathe some of the tension out from his chest, and he nearly collapsed into Cas. “Ima joke, Cas. A fucking joke.”
He ate his leftovers in his office again before taking a walk around campus. When he spotted Cas reading a book under a tree, he made his way over and plopped on the grass next to him. “Nice fall day, huh? Whatcha readin’?”
It's not often that small-town royalty comes into Page’s Diner, but today seems to be one of those rare kicks-in-the-ass. It's always the same — the upper echelon waltz in and think they own the place, and the people that work here. And sometimes, they're not wrong.
Ishim chuckled as he landed, rolling onto his back and rubbing his throat. “Little slut wanted it rough, I was giving him what he wanted.”
“Got an idea,” Dean said with a smirk. He handed the box back to Jask and then pointed at it. “Cas and me need to disappear for a bit after the ‘I do’s’, so why don’t you ask him then? Whether he says yes or no, you’ll distract everyone enough that we can do what we need to do.”
Against his better judgement, he reached out to brush his thumb over the smooth tip. He gauged the space on the statues thighs and realized it was in a perfect position for him to —
Public eye blows. Even when you’re loved, it isn’t for who you are and when they see your true colors, they turn on you in the blink of an eye. Why would anyone
When the bell rang, Dean started erasing the board, standing on his toes to reach the top and making his clothes hug his body in an absolutely obscene way. All the other students filed out, and Cas took his sweet time packing up his stuff. When they were finally alone, he walked up behind Dean and pressed his erection just below his ass. “You’re so fucking gorgeous, Dean.
The second he looks over at Cas, all his doubts fade away. The Novaks have always loved him, why would it be any different now?
Dean hesitated for a moment and then closed his classroom door, crossing his arms. “Every day for months you come in here with eyes so pink they look like a stripper Barbie, and today you come in and they’re purple. You don’t think that’s gonna make me ask what’s wrong? You’re sad, Cas.”
Dean let out a whine and shifted, his cock solid and hot under Cas’ hand. “Yeah, I did.” His entire face and neck flushed, and he licked his lips slowly. “I liked it a lot.”
He glanced up and blushed under Cas’ gaze. “Sorry. It’s not even that good, I’m just starving. Can I cook you dinner tonight? Fresh, without a microwave?”
“Cas!” Dean tosses his hands up with a laugh. “Now it just looks like I pissed myself.” He looks down for a closer look.
“Well, no need to be professional this weekend. Let’s go play with that tongue ring.” Jask checked him out with his lips between his teeth.
“Dean!” Ashton grabbed his arm to stop him from walking away. “I’m serious. No one should have to live a lie like that. And hell,” he smiled cheekily, “maybe it’s selfish of me. Luna Vale has never been big enough for the both of us.”
Cas tilted his head and smirked. “I don’t know, Dean. You tell me.” He shimmied back, leaning down and swallowing Dean whole and fighting back the gag that followed. He bobbed slowly, sucking hard as he traveled back up and locked challenging eyes with Dean.
“Shut up,” Cas said, wrinkling his nose with a smile. “And you are objectively terrible at washing dishes, switch me.”
Ares frowned like he didn’t want Dean to go and Dean hesitated to leave, but ultimately he nodded and walked out the door. Ares met Cas’ eyes. “He won’t stop asking why I’m gay. How does someone even answer that?”
The open road felt nice, the walls had begun to close in on him in suburbia and he already missed the rumble of this baby.
“Good. Because you’ve ruined me, too.” Ares leaned in for another kiss, letting Jask taste himself on his tongue.
Dean stood up like he forgot anyone was around and forced a smile. “Course. Thanks.” He glanced over at the plates and his fake smile was replaced with a real one. “Looks delicious, as always.”
“Well... I’ll keep workin’ on that every day, baby. Fuck... c’mere. Hell with these people.” Dean pulled Cas onto his lap and lapped into his mouth, smiling when they all kept on cheering. “I love you. Thank you for choosin’ me,” he whispered.
He received a smile in response and a curt nod. “Of course, Dean.” Cas pulled off the next exit and drove around the small town until he found a diner. He parked and leaned forward, looking out the windshield like he was scoping the place out. “There aren’t many people here, which is probably for the best.”
While Cas was inside, Dean grabbed the bags and waited, leaning against the car. Standing felt good, his legs were sick of the car but he definitely found a new love of driving on this road trip.
He could hear their voices from out in the hall and then the door opened, shining light into the room for a split swish before it was closed again.
he says sharply, telling Dean not to argue, “I’ve spoken to you enough times to tell you that you absolutely don't know what's best and you should probably
Dean chuckled. “Come with me.” He stood up and pulled out his phone, typing quickly and nodding towards the door as he pocketed it.
The squeak Dean releases under him would make Cas laugh if circumstances were different. “Tetanus?? I was friggin’ impaled, Cas.” Dean squirms under him slightly, finding he can’t move at all. “Cas. I should be the one pissed at you!”
Eventually, holding Dean’s hand became a little too much for Cas, and he pulled it back but covered by standing up. “Do you want something to drink?”
His thoughts became immediately fuzzy. “You... shit.” Cas twitched from the feel of Dean’s tongue and he glanced down to watch him. “I need you to get tested, and to stop fucking other people. I hate condoms, and if I don’t get to come inside of you soon...”
Benny approaches him first, rubbing shitty, prison-issue soap all over his chest as his giant cock swings heavy between his massive thighs. “You look a like a deer in the headlights, chere. Somebody round here botherin’ you?”
It was impossible to control the sour expression that dawned on his face, but he was still intrigued.
“If I die, it’ll be a good death.” Ares chuckled as he imagined himself dropping dead from arousal. It didn’t sound too unrealistic at this point, and if he could help it, Jask would die right alongside him.
Cas knew the answer was yes, and suddenly, he didn’t want to be standing in his own kitchen anymore. “I hope so… if he still wants me after he has a night back with Jaskier. Though, it sounds like Jask is pretty hung up on you.”
He ended up coming down the drain again before cleaning himself off, and with how good Cas looked, he knew he had to wear his nicest red button up.
“No, Cain. I wasn't. Put him down.” Castiel’s voice is laced with thunderous command, and Cain drops Dean as he turns to face him.
“All I’m sayin’, brotha, is that you coulda warned me you were bailing so you didn’t have to listen to them screw each other’s brains out. Coulda done without it myself.” Benny paused and then heaved a sigh worthy of a man Benny’s size. “No, Morningstar left, it’s safe for you to come back.” Silence. “Whatever you say, brotha. See you in the mañana then.”
He shook his head. “I made some eggs for myself, though.” Cas sighed quietly and glanced toward the door. “Is it time for you to go back?”
“Why'd you wanna go and do a damned fool thing like that? I thought you had a good thing goin’ there?” Bobby asks.
“Slim to none.” Dean stands up and cracks his back. “Can you give me a tour? I need a shower. Solitary gives like one shower a week. Shit’s brutal.”
the teacher. He’s gay and doesn’t want a demon. Second of all, that’s fine with me, I’ll middle,” he joked just to see his brother’s face. Cas didn’t really want the gym teacher, he didn’t like his hair. He only wanted
“No, it’s not just you.” Cas sucked in a burst of air and handed him his phone back, then wiped his palms on his jeans. “Let’s go, before we talk ourselves out of it.” He grabbed the bag he hadn’t even bothered unpacking, and they headed out the door.
Shaking his head with a smirk, Jask had other ideas. “Nah, I think that’s him telling me he’ll be whatever I need him to be. Like… Dean 2.0.” He honestly couldn’t believe how attractive Ares was, and the fact that Dean was giving him a green light was outrageously awesome. Now, he just needed to find away to get
“Yeah. No more kids, alright? Three’s enough.” Dean laces their fingers together for the second time and looks down at them with a fond smile.
still an Angel of the Lord, in case recent years have made it seem otherwise.” He leans back, gripping Dean’s hips to raise his ass and slamming in, biting his own bottom lip. “Touch yourself, Dean. Show me how you used to get off to the thought of this.”
“All of your sins?” Cas shakes his head, planting kisses to each side of his mouth. “I'm the Angel of Thursday, Dean. Consider them absolved.”
“I can’t do it, Cas. I can’t do that to her. She says this arrangement helps her with Drake, but I know she does it for me. I’ve asked too much of her. And I’m tried of hiding. Why do I have to hide?” He walked over and kneeled down across from Cas. “Why can’t I just be me?”
“Why would we tell him that? We don’t work for each other, you and he don’t fuck, and he isn’t my boss. No harm, no foul.” He shrugged.
“Love your fucking everything, sweetheart.” Cas stared with his mouth slack, admiring his gorgeous husband.
But he’d never be able to keep that secret for long, and it was far better for Dean to hear it from Cas than a tabloid. He took Dean’s hand and pulled him back down to the bench. “Someone, or several someones, set fire to your house in LA. It’s gone, Dean. Havoc is safe, everyone’s safe… but the house is gone. I’m so,
He came quicker than he anticipated, but blamed it mostly on the fact that he hadn’t seen Arthur in weeks. Cas knew those days were likely over; Arthur hadn’t been happy in the least when Cas had told him he was effectively moving into Dean’s… but he’d promised himself he wouldn’t dwell on it.
“Ah Cas… fuck! That mouth is fucking perfect.” Dean kneaded through Cas’ messy hair, groaning when he slid in two fingers at once. “See…”
“I’m glad, Dean. It was supposed to be your engagement present, so you could have something of your own even once Abaddon took everything else from you.” Cas smiled gently and reached over to take Dean’s hand. “I like this better.”
“Nah, we can put it on at home if you want. It was gonna start getting cold outside.” Dean tapped the steering wheel nervously and then he spoke again. “You wouldn’t change anything about this date, right?”
Dean looked over with his brow furrowed. “Geez... okay, we’re putting it on.” He searched for it and hit play. “It’s about loser brothers that just want to be someone. They keep trying to get in this ’it’ club and never get in and then... they get in. It’s funny. Watch.”
Cas straddled him willingly, running a hand through Dean’s hair. “Seriously? It was weird enough that you knew nineteenth century terms, now you know mafia slang, too?”
Over the last couple of weeks, he thought he’d gotten used to Dean’s absence. Nothing was quite as funny without him, or as bright, but he’d been able to get through the day in what he thought was relative comfort. But being next to Dean, breathing in that familiar scent, and having even that small amount of contact with him… he hadn’t been nearly as okay as he’d convinced himself he was. He’d just gotten used to the discomfort in his chest, and the sudden absence only brought to light how bad it had actually been.
Cas’ eyes fluttered closed and be forced them open again, not wanting to miss a second of how Dean looked like that. “Shh, I know, Dean. I know.” He shifted his angle and fixed the condom, dragging his cock slowly in and out until Dean twitched and Cas knew he hit his mark. “Think you can get hard for me again? I want to taste you.”
There are a few other customers that look up as Dean stands and walks over, his plate in hand. “If you’re the chef, how’d you fuck up something so simple?” He slides the plate across the countertop. “This look scrambled to you…
“Fuck, me too.” Dean bares his neck for more, gripping Cas’ ass while their rhythm starts to falter.
“You’re such an overachiever, Ares. Can’t even work on your lies? Gonna need some help there, buddy.” Some kids started wrestling and Dean blew his whistle. “Knock it off!”
from you, you know. I was staring at you all night like a creep, I thought maybe some fresh air would help.”
Dean could never express how much he loved his best friend. He just saved him from needing to share his pie.
Dean froze. He didn’t realize it was actually helping her relationship. It was easy to imagine being a burden or a strain on them, but hearing he was helping made him actually consider it. He’d never be happy... but if he could help her be happy... “Alright, Jo. W—” He took a breath. “Want me to propose at some public event?”
“Adorable now… be happy you’re the top in your relationship,” Ares said quietly. “I have a feeling I’ll be paying for this one later, though I have to say… I’m not that mad at it.” He winked again at Cas and led him down the aisle, then officially handed him over to Dean.
He sucked in a breath and laughed, lying through his teeth. “Yes, loosely translated, what I just said was ‘now shut up and fuck me.’ It’s a very common Russian sentiment.”
“Okay, Cassy. Take all the time you need.” He leaves Cas’ office, but Cas doesn't miss the thoughts swirling through his brother’s head about transferring Dean back to D.
Meg gags, then grabs a slice of pizza. “Let me know when you're done, I'd rather not throw up in my mouth again.”
Sure enough, Morningstar dipped out of that conversation almost immediately, and Winchester was clearly trying to follow him, but Abby kept stepping in front of him, running her mouth about something Cas couldn’t quite hear. Eventually, Winchester gripped her shoulder and gently moved her out of the way, then shook his head a little as he walked after Morningstar.
A soft gasp escaped Cas’ lips, but a moment later, he relaxed fully and wrapped his arm around Dean’s waist. “I think I’m officially changing my position on cuddling.”
The guilt was still there, not that he expected it to go anywhere, but the arousal he felt was so thick it clouded his brain, fogging up the guilt so it couldn’t be focused on.
Azrian greets him like he was expecting him. “Hey, come on back. Most of the work is already done, and I'm guessing you won't be with me full time, but I'll show you the ovens and stuff anyway. I’m Azrian, by the way.”
“You feel him. Close your eyes, Castiel. You’ll find him. Go to him.” Jack smiles and holds up his hand in a wave before turning and walking away aimlessly.
He was so comfortable and content that he didn’t stand a chance. Within seconds, he was nodding off, and didn’t plan on waking up for hours.
Dean huffs a laugh. “I'm just happy you even wanna be around that long. Everyone else can only handle me in small doses.”
Cas stayed where he was for several moments, until the front door shut and he knew he was alone. He sat down in a heap at the end of the bed and looked up at the ceiling. “Well, Ares… I’m trying. Not succeeding… but I’m trying.”
“Exactly. You can bitch about the new guy later, but if we don’t leave in the next thirty seconds, we’re gonna be late.” Benny walked over and grabbed his arm. “Don’t make this worse, Cas.”
“Yeah?! Alright. We’ll see you soon. Bye, Cas.” Dean hung up and when Cas turned toward Ares he was still smiling.
Cas took a moment to memorize the view of Ares like that, relaxed and gorgeous. “Do you remember when we first started sleeping together? How we weren’t exclusive, but no matter where else we… dabbled, we always came back to each other, and every time, it only made us stronger?” He smiled to himself at the thought, and the way they’d be a little better suited for each other every time they got back together. They really had been a good match, and when they got tired of being disappointed by others who were either perfect in bed but terrible with everything else, or the ones that would be excellent partners but abysmal in bed… they’d found a happy medium with each other.
He points to the door in the corner. “Your stuff is in there, and yeah. I'll take you to the showers.” He gets up, waiting for Dean to grab his caddy and a change of clothes, then leads him out of the dorm and down another hallway.
Briefly, Cas considered calling Dean back and trying to explain, maybe apologize for dismissing him like that - but he wasn’t in the right state of mind to talk to anyone he cared about. After watching her car disappear into the distance, Cas headed straight for the hallway and pulled out the only bottle of whiskey he still had in the house thanks to the alcoholic purge he and April had done. It was hidden in the back of the towel closet like the dirty little secret it was, and Cas had to laugh bitterly at himself.
That seemed reasonable enough, but the problem was that it was Sunday, and any minute now, Dean would be waking up. They’d filled their Saturday with errands, cleaning, and nursing the hangovers they’d gotten Friday night. Cas was just thrilled he hadn’t tried to dance… or worse, done something stupid like kiss Dean.
Dean watched the gun but was quickly distracted. Cas could feel the moment he lost his attention, and watched those beautiful green eyes travel up his forearm all the way to his eyes. Nothing could deny the raw palpable tension between them. “You’re... fuckin’ hot, Cas. Is a gun kink a thing? Cause you with that gun has me...” He cleared his throat and shook his head, looking back at the gun. “Sorry.”
Cas’ mouth went slack as he struggled with words. He impatiently slid down further, slightly faster that he meant to and he dug his nails into Dean’s shoulders with a moan. “Oh, Dean.”
Dean’s eyes widened and then he grinned slowly. “That was hot, Cas. But you’ve met me.” He slid his tongue across his top lip and then glanced over where Cole was walking in.
The next couple of weeks are a blur, and Cas keeps disappearing at random times. Cain stays where he's at, which is nice, but The Devil's gone too, and no one seems to be telling Dean anything.
“You ever jack off thinkin’ of me?” He bit back a grin, stopping right in front of Cas. “I think about you sometimes.”
One more thrust had P grunting and painting the shower wall, and the things that ass did to Dean’s cock had him slamming inside with a groan, filling up his tight channel with warm come. Dean still didn’t want to leave. He huffed against P’s shoulder and took a chance, leaning in next to his ear to whisper. “Close your eyes and kiss me.”
“Trust me, angel. You don’t have to tell me how lucky I am.” Dean smiled with his tongue between his teeth and climbed onto Cas’ lap, the chair creaking under them. “We’ll save the actual ties for my wrists. You owe me a good fuck in that bathroom.”
His friend growled and shoved him off, then sat up to fix his lion’s mane of hair. “You’re fucking gross and I hate you.”
Frenchie's eyes slam closed as he rocks up, bringing his messy hand around to stroke Dean's cock. He starts muttering in French, and it's hot as hell so Dean starts bouncing, staring down and watching him come unglued. “Feel good, French? You like this ass?”
Tuesday night, he got a call from his brother, Sammy, putting up the Batsignal for car troubles. It was the last thing he wanted to do on a school night, but he loved his little brother and would do just about anything for him.
He tossed the phone aside and hid under his pillow, ignoring any and all noises his phone made from then on. He didn’t want to be disappointed anymore and quite frankly, the world could wait.
“Why?” Cas asked, a little too quickly. He sat up straighter, actually feeling guilty for lying, but he was sure that was just because he didn’t
in that house, but he didn’t know it was Cas yet. It wasn’t a secret, but Dean just knew he couldn’t talk about it without turning into a damn girl about it all, so he kept his mouth shut. Cas was his, that was all that mattered.
“I don’t know what I’m doing,” Cas said honestly. “I leave tonight, and while I know it’s only a month, I’m a little concerned we’ve made the wrong decision here.”
“Mmhm... whatever my baby wants.” Ares bit his boxers and pulled out his cock, flicking his tongue over the slit. “Delicious.”
feeling needed, and Dean hoped he knew that he was needed for so much more than just sex. He needed him, because he made him feel whole. Cas didn’t have to say he felt the same; Dean knew. Cas always made sure Dean knew.
tried to make Cas smile, and when he was upset with him it felt like he failed. Once he was in bed that night, he was able to think more logically. The date went bad because of Dean, no point in denying that. He also realized he probably shouldn’t have kissed him in that moment, but he couldn’t help it. He found himself wanting to feel Cas as often as he could, and he hated it.
“I dunno, but I’m like really lovable, so probably won’t be an issue. If not... we’ll have to meet up. Ima miss this ass.” Dean pulled his head back by his hair and kissed him.
When he turned to see Ares, his eyes were squeezed shut and he was feeling around to find his way. "My eyeballs went out of service, please hold." He tripped over Jask's pants and Jask laughed as he dropped down to catch him and help him up.
quick. I double up on beans at dinnertime and let a few rip at opportune moments, no one comes near me. Sorry in advance, roomie.” The laugh he lets out is contagious, and Dean joins in, finally feeling a little bit better.
It looked for a second like Cole was actually gonna do it, but Captain Buzzkill cut in. “That’s an equally horrible idea, don’t — damnit, Cole, get away from him.”
“Yes, I had a lot to take care of. I’m sorry it took so long, but everything is settled and belongings are in storage.” Cas uncuffed him and started fixing Dean’s pants. “I’d love to come home... if you’ll have me.”
An almost predatory grin crept across his professor’s face. “No, please. Continue. Who knows, it might open up an interesting line of inquiry with the rest of the class. I’m assuming it was related to the subject at hand, and not some…
“Goddamnit!” Dean grabs a piece of sharp metal and holds it to defend himself, knowing damn well it isn't going to do any good against a demon that can smite angels. “What’d you do to him?!”
P answered only with an affirmative hum, then brushed gently past Dean as he went to turn on the light.
“Yeah. Probably. It was the past couple days. I think he regrets me.” Dean drank, trying not to think about Cas anymore. “Whatever, what did I expect? Who would really want me, Jo? People wanna fuck me, but they don’t want my baggage.”
He busies himself getting acquainted with the kitchen for a moment and turns back to Jask. “Do you know if I'll be cooking for anyone else? You, any other staff members?”
The poor guy was struggling trying to contain his smile. “How long do you have every day? For your lunch, I mean. I forgot to ask this morning, and I realized I don’t actually have your phone number. Just an email address.”
“A vase.” Cas eyed it then turned to him, darting his tongue out between his lips. “Where do the flowers go, then?”
“Yeah, that’s not a recipe for complete and total disaster or anything. Fuck. But hey, at least it’s legal, right? He’s old enough to get married if he wants, which means the only part about this that’s wrong is the fact that I’m his teacher. Which… don’t get me wrong, I know I can’t do it and that’s more than enough reason not to, I’m just sayin’. Not illegal to think about it.”
Cas lets out a frustrated “damnit” when the skin breaks, but it's followed quickly by a gasp as he comes all over the potato salad in front of him.
Carefully, Cas cleaned off every drop like that was what he’d wanted all along. Dean took a step back and leaned on the table to catch his breath. “Jesus, Cas... you’re... fucking amazing.” He pulled off the blindfold and dropped before him, sliding his tongue inside Cas’ mouth, chasing the flavor of blueberries and come.
“Hell yeah... m’all dirty though. Want me to get clean?” Dean leaned in to nip J’s lip and rutted up into him.
Cas seriously doubted that, since a majority of his focus was locked on Dean. Sure enough, they made it through the entire first episode — and Cas couldn’t have been paid enough to explain what it was about. “That was… good, I think we should watch more of it tomorrow.”
He pushes his way through the few people back there and out the door to the alley behind the diner. The second the cool air hits him, he rips off his hairnet and throws it on the ground, then starts to pace with his hands tugging his hair.
“Nah, once I eat you need to get sleep. I’ll be fine for a few hours. We can even just get more food at this stop so we don’t have to stop again.”
Dean shivered at the name that reminded him of his dad. He made a mental note to have his students just call him Dean, but immediately scratched that idea.
“Good,” Jask whispered, collapsing forward again and kissing him messily. “Then let’s go one more round before that shower.”
“I don't think it matters what I believe. All that matters is what you do now that you're here. Stay on Thursday’s good side, and you'll have it made when you get out. Most cons end up on the streets or right back in jail, but not Thursday’s guys. He’ll have you suited up with a PhD by the time you walk out of here.”
Cas kissed his hair. “I was overworked by choice, Dean. How many times did you tell me to take vacation and I refused? I didn’t trust your safety to anyone else enough to go home for any length of time, and both of my parents dislike California. We’re also... not close. We were when I was younger, but by the time I was discharged I was a very different person.”
He groaned behind the wall and Cas was glad to hear it. They agreed not to speak, but hearing the man was enjoying himself was important to Cas, and it urged him on, already fully hard in his hand.
“Good. Don’t. They’ll understand... right? Tell me they’ll understand. I just want you,” he confessed before kissing him again. Jask let the kiss go on for far too long before finally opening the car door to let Ares in. He probably should’ve spent more time cultivating a proper response to that, but the only think he could come up with seemed rude.
Some of it lands on Cas’ hand and he raises it to lick it off, then drops his forehead to Dean’s back and grips both hips, whispering “you're so good” and “feels so good” over and over against his skin until Dean can feel his come hitting his balls and running down his thighs.
“I… okay.” He stops himself from pointing out the fact that he can't feel temperatures and just joins him, smiling softly as the grains coat his hands and disappear. “What do you want to do first?”
With shallow breaths, Cas nodded. “Not our last time.” They stayed there for a moment, both trying to believe the words. After a while, Ares moved off of him to let him up, and Cas stood. “I should shower before I hit the road… showing up smelling like sex probably wouldn’t be a good first impression. I know you just took one, but… do you want to join me?”
Dean frowned and pushed into the room, wondering why the hell Jody would ever quit. He walked in the office and looked around, noticing that only one person was missing. The only one that mattered. “Where is Cas?”
“I don’t know, do I? I seem to not know the lines you’ve drawn here, Dean. Are you going to give me detention, or kiss me?”
“I’m not either.” Ares laughed. “Let’s just have a good night with no pesky roommates... and yes, Jask is more than my roommate, but he drove me crazy today so he’s back to roommate status now.”
“Thanks.” He pulled up some boxers under the towel, but let it drop before his ass was covered. It was like the little shit was taunting Cas.
He shot Dean one more soft grin before leading Kevin back to his office and starting the long, arduous task of helping Kevin choose the place he’d continue his education.
Grinning, Jask thrusted into Ares again. “Yeah, your jeans are too damn tight. Just had to help him loosen up a little.”
But when his features changed from comfort to confusion, Cas wanted to know what was on his phone. Lucky for him, he didn’t have to ask. “Okay, so you remember that show
He was a nerd with a heart three sizes too big for his chest, who had been grievously attention-starved for longer than he cared to think about.
a HIPAA, De — you know what, never mind.” Ares huffs an exasperated sigh and turns to Cas, who holds up a hand.
