It doesn’t escape Castiel’s notice that he’s holding them oddly – or rather,
there to talk about?
Castiel reaches around the walls of his mind to touch a small bit of comfort against Dean’s thoughts.
is it
“You ready for this?” Dean asks as he sits forward to grab the remote and the tissues from the table. He puts the box between them. “This one is a bit long, but I figure we just get ‘er done and then we can go ahead and watch Avatar. Sound good?”
Balthazar brushes his request off with a vindictive and slightly terrifying glee.
surprise.
Dean shifts on his feet and forces a little laugh. “Aw, c’mon, Cas. Dragons aren’t real.”
When they pull apart, Castiel makes sure to linger long enough to press his cheek to Dean’s. It’s meant both as a comfort and – and what? That question stumps him as he steps away. Dean is wide eyed and open mouthed after their hug.
Dean sighs heavily and leans his weight on the edge of the counter. His eyes track the back and forth of a coffee stir-stick as one end is absentmindedly chewed. It’s weird that he’s kinda jealous of it – but not in the way that he himself wants to be chewed. He would give just about anything to be touching those lips. The very same set of lips that has distracted him for
“Don’t worry about it. I get distracted by the German language all the time.” She sounds amused, if not a little confused. “Hold on. Cas, are you
“I presume this is not the result he was expecting.”
he’s going to be. And, of course, he’s going to keep right on believing that he owns Castiel and can dictate his life as he pleases.
He closes his eyes, savouring this moment.
guys celebrate, of course.”
fault since I can’t seem to do anything right.”
Their safeword is like a slap in the face and Castiel steps back quickly. It’s like ice water has been dumped down his back. What did he do wrong? Was it something he said? Something he did? Is Dean somehow aware of the thoughts – the
make this last any longer than it has to.
with his brother and a grouchy old dude they weren’t actually related to because his deadbeat dad ditched them. Sam had a lot of trouble connecting with anyone – even more so after Dean came out as bisexual
. Not only was dinner downright delicious, and roller-skating fun as hell, but there wasn’t a single lull in the conversation. They had some witty repartee, some in-depth socio-political debate, and general blah-de-blah and it was all interesting. Dean has never had a chat with Cas that he didn’t love and tonight was no different. It’s been near a
“Our lips are sealed, right Sammy?” Dean mimes zipping his lips shut and Sam mimics him.
Without saying more, Dean shuffles out of the room, herding Cas ahead of him. He can feel the touch of the bond in his head and there’s a
“Yes, but we didn’t know that you changed your habits to
“When they’re like
Unsurprisingly, it is Sam and Jess who are the first to arrive on this particular morning. As soon as the kin-connection is made with the both of them, Castiel allows a part of himself to relax. Out of necessity, he is always on guard. Despite knowing that everything they’ve spoken about in the kin-connection with the rebels is true, he can’t allow himself to fully relax while they’re here. That would be suicide. If he’s not always ready for something to happen, he won’t be prepared for when a fang-fin comes in with the intention to do very bad things.
“Sorry.” Dean croaks quietly. He brings his hands to his face, knuckling his eyes and wiping the tears away. “Sorry.”
Castiel turns back to the strips of chicken he prepared for lunch.
. Whether it’s a sense of guilt for causing the fall, or his need to mother everyone around him, Dean is still an excellent caregiver. It’s enough to make Castiel feel bad for his attitude.
Cas ducks his head, still not making eye contact, and mumbles something too quiet to hear. Dean raises his eyebrows to prompt him to repeat it, and Cas sighs. “It’s a – Well, it’s a
No, he’s not, but he’s been working himself up to this all day. His anxiety kept him at home instead of going with Anna, Aunt Amara, and the Winchesters to the Fourth of July celebrations being hosted at
Chill in the shade next to a child-less pool with endless margaritas and a stream of hotties in tight shorts or bikinis walking by. But that seems to be an impossible dream at this resort. If they ever come back to Mexico, Dean is absolutely going to save up for some place that is child free and his decision to stay is going to hinge entirely on how soft their beds are. If he’s spending
Castiel closes his eyes with a sigh and pushes Dean’s hand away. It doesn’t go far; twisting to catch his so their fingers can link again and come to a rest on his chest. His heart is beating a steady rhythm and Castiel focuses on the feeling of it through the pads of his fingers.
None of his thoughts show on his face and neither are they shared in the kin-connection. His allies wouldn’t care that he is worried about the safety of a fang-fin he has publicly declared as a friend. But his enemies know of Castiel’s history of often fighting with Dean on the battlefield. He needs to maintain that act so the fang-fin Council doesn’t suspect them now that they can see how they interact in person.
“They’re waiting to show me some parts of the school’s compound today. I should probably go.” Castiel stands up. As much as he would love to continue talking with them, he’d also like to get the day started before he starts over thinking walking around with his wings on full display. “I’ll talk to you both later, and I promise to send updates throughout the day.”
The answer to that question is Jess, and Castiel is quite suddenly reminded that he was supposed to call her before he started work. He glances at the clock and determines that he can be a few minutes late to the front. Meg can cover for him for now. But just in case he answers the call on his way to hide out in the bathroom. No one can fault him for needing to use that.
“What do you say we order in dinner tonight, hm?” Dean squeezes his ass again, his eyebrows twitching suggestively a few times.
Fic Header by
With another deep breath, Castiel leans in to whisper his exact feelings into Jess’s ear. He’s barely finished before she squeals loudly and wraps her arms around him. It’s the kind of hug that almost lifts him off his feet, even though he must have at least fifty pounds on her.
He groans and rubs his hand over his face. Right now, all Dean wants to do is find a hole somewhere that he can curl up in and never come out. After this confusing mess with Cas, he doesn’t want to have to deal with his mockery of a Council. He just wants to be left alone. But he can’t even have that. Is there
Honestly, that’s the farthest thing from Castiel’s mind right now. He doesn’t remotely expect Dean to try anything today. In fact, he’s more worried about what’s going to happen when they finally sit down to talk. Except – well – Dean said last night that he
We'll kick off the end of 2017 with the end of my longest running story yet! This, however, is not yet
And then the date catches his eye and he swears. It’s for
like to travel with them. But that’s something that he would need to build up the courage for. He hasn’t
The keys jingle as Dean throws them across the room at Sam. “You put a scratch on Baby and –”
everything that they know about this war.
and some of the gravel isn’t coming out. What do they do when the dirt won’t come out? Are they going to have to go to the hospital? Aunt Amara talks about a time she fell when she was rollerblading and had a massive pebble stuck so deep in her hand that she needed a doctor to remove it after numbing her hand. She still has the small white scar on her palm where it happened.
He’s all but itching to get an actual answer, yet of course Dean only gives him one word. “Um.”
Castiel’s fans flare in surprise.
likes that feeling. If possible, he doesn’t want Dean to let go of the leash and he almost wants to wear this right out of here so
that he puts up with it, to which Dean wasn’t very pleased. As he made it very clear, he doesn’t just want Castiel to tolerate it, but rather he wants him to actually
Frankly speaking, Castiel is
His coat is a different matter and he’ll put that on for the car ride.
The fire in his dorm building may have turned his world on its head for a while. Now things have fallen so easily into place in such a short span of time that it’s no surprise that Castiel has trouble believe it’s real. He’s been officially living here with his own ‘
A familiar voice calls out to him and Castiel glances up to find Dean coming out of the general store, a heavy cloth sack slung over his shoulder. The muscles in his arm bulge against the ever present studded leather braces on his forearms and the tight cotton of his white shirt. He smiles, big and bright, and jogs over to join Castiel in the middle of the road.
and Dean looks down at his hand, curious and vaguely horrified about what he might have accidentally shared through their touch.
When Sam told him about that, Castiel had taken the initiative to sit Dean down and talk with him about his drinking habits too. Strictly speaking, Dean actually wasn’t that bad with them. He didn’t drink daily and he really only drank to excess when he went partying with his friend. On most of those occasions, he didn’t get
“It’s not piss water, Bobby!” Dean sits up straighter. “It’s from
Of course not. But Dean isn’t going to say that out loud. He looks away and takes another chunk out of what’s left of Sam’s crab. He knows there were problems with this war being started in the first place, but he’s only a mere lieutenant. It’s not his place to say anything against his commanders or against his Council. All he’s supposed to do is follow orders .That’s what he does. He’s a
“Whoa!” Ah, it’s Dean. “Where did that come from?”
Castiel bypasses the shelves with the collars and leashes. There’s no point in them any more now that he and Dean have their own. He is, however, rather looking forward to the chance when they’ll have enough time to themselves for him to wear his own collar. They haven’t had enough time yet and there’s been an itch under his skin ever since his birthday. A shiver dances along his bones every time he so much as stops to
“Just fine.” The more he repeats it, the truer it has to be. “I guess you don’t need a hand with anything?”
. And where the heck did
Thankfully, no one knows about those thoughts. Hell, Dean barely knows about them either. He’s perfected the art of burying them in places where he doesn’t have to think about them. Really, though, he only actively thought about touching Cas in inappropriate ways maybe – like – once? Okay, twice. Y’know what, no. Those were totally just nonsense thoughts that everyone has when they’re leaning over the edge of being awake and being asleep. Because – yeah – no. That’s not a current Dean wants to swim down right now – or ever. Especially if the fang-fin are going to be leaving in a handful of days.
Now Anna knows and it’s just a matter of time before Balthazar blabs to someone else too.
– one day Dean might love him back.
“Thank you.” Castiel smiles and takes up the bread to rip it into smaller pieces; his stomach giving a rumble of anticipation. “It smells amazing.”
For a few moments, all Dean does is blink up at him. As soon as the words register, Dean’s expression ices over. His eyes harden and he sits up straighter. “And what, Cas?” Even his voice is flat and serious. “The next time you get hurt, you want us to just pack you off to the hospital where they’re going to find out your tattoo is fake? Where they’ll run your ID and find out that you’re not
Now if only doing that didn’t feel like a blow to his pride.
Castiel rolls his eyes and puts his phone down so he can finally finish his teeth. If he leaves his toothbrush in for too long with all the toothpaste goop on his tongue, he’ll start to gag and he can already feel that urge coming on.
wants.
. Sex is the only time he can be close to Dean and new things will keep him interested. It’s just so hard to shake the feeling that the bar hopping and random hook ups will start again if he doesn’t keep things
Cas puts the wine skin aside once it’s empty and starts to unwrap the cloth holding the beef jerky. His eyelids flutter at the first bite and he groans again. “I don’t think food tasted this good even when I was still alive! Thank you. This has been an
She shrugs and finally puts down her textbook and looks to Sam. “I don’t know. I mean, Dean’s not going to move out while you’re in school, right?”
And the most surprising thing about it? Dean almost kind of maybe wants to find ways to have Cas feel like that
“Dean, stop being an overprotective baby.” She points at him but fails to keep a serious expression, instead breaking into a wide grin. “You go to bed at an appropriate time and let Cas party his pants off. He’ll be fine. He’s a big boy now.”
Until then, Castiel is going to have to be very careful with how he walks. Hopefully this will go away soon, because he has classes right through until early evening. Such to the point that he actually saved part of his lunch so he won’t be ravenous by the time he gets home. If he’s stuck with this until then, he might very well murder Dean the moment he walks through the door.
Next, he searches
something. Or rather, this is the first time he’s reached this degree of exhilaration. He managed to beg his way into being allowed to form a small diplomatic group of four that would be sent out to find the new fin-kin and see if they have leaders of their own to speak to. Castiel can only hope that they’re not going to be too far outside of their territory. He’s never been past it and he’s not sure how far the rest of his party will be willing to go.
This, though? This has him breathing easy and leaning back into his chair. “Oh, okay then. That’s – uh – that’s good. For the record, I don’t bring people back to the apartment. You’re welcome to, if you want, but a head’s up would be nice. I can make myself scarce to give you some privacy.”
“Have you had enough of pictures? Can we finally have some pie?” Anna whines as Dean takes the phone so he can make sure the pictures are satisfactory.
Well isn’t that just
knows that he’s technically currently between houses after a particularly messy divorce. What little possession he actually still has are currently in storage with the more important stuff stored at his brother’s house – which is where Castiel will temporarily be couch surfing while apartment hunting once he’s done the hike.
Castiel doesn’t even pause with his list because he’s made his decision for tonight and he’s going to be sticking to it. “I’m not touching you today.”
Dean cups his face and gently squishes his cheeks between his palms. “So, I need you to breathe for me, okay? Just
and he every step further inside is making his heart pound all the harder and he feels too hot and his chest feels too tight and it’s getting hard to breathe and –
me to tell my parents? I’ll call them right now if that is what will solve things.”
right now. Not like how he should be, at least. There’s some form of “happy” sitting low in his chest, but it’s nothing like what Cas is pulsing into the kin-connection.
Dean snorts a laugh and his gills ripple.
secret. But holding off on telling them until after Valentine’s Day might lead Dean into blowing up over how long he kept something this important from them. He’s already playing it fast and loose with waiting until today after sitting on the secret for two and a half weeks.
That’s sweet of him. Castiel is truly touched by how considerate Dean is in all regards. It makes that jelly-fish feeling in Castiel’s chest wiggle just that little bit harder. It makes him want to – to – It makes him want to think about what
the tension in the air when he walks into the apartment. On those days, Lisa is often absent because she’d rather be home than spend the night being angry with Dean and avoiding him in his own apartment.
“I don’t know about the rest of you, but I think we’ve all had a long day.” Dean doesn’t bother muffling his yawn and he stretches his arms above his head. “Are we gonna turn in for the night or is anyone interested in a movie marathon or something? I don’t work tomorrow and you don’t have class, right?”
seasons he’s passed on because he didn’t understand
His grip on Castiel’s hand tightens almost painfully.
Dammit.
Castiel bites his lip and forces himself not to move. His whole body feels like a taut wire, ready to snap at the first touch. Will Dean touch his legs first? His arms? His chest? Will he go back to blowing him or will he jerk him off? Not being able to see what Dean is doing while he gets settled on the bed is fueling his anticipation for everything he knows is coming next.
things get sorted out? Really?
excuse – to not have to do this.
Once Dean is satisfied with how worked up Castiel gets – which doesn’t take long, that’s for sure – he crawls back up the bed again. Castiel whines at the loss of Dean’s mouth, but he knows that something good must becoming now. Dean never leaves him unfinished and he always finds some way to surprise Castiel with something he likes. In this case, it’s being turned on his side so Dean can press up behind him. He lifts Castiel’s top leg, guiding it to hook back and over his.
“What kind of job finds people who don’t want to be found?” He would normally feel bad about interrupting, but Castiel feels like he’s due a proper explanation.
Castiel could tell Dean about his Taekwondo classes, but he feels like that might be something Dean would find boring. Though Castiel enjoys the sport, it just doesn’t seem like something other people would be interested in hearing about. The last thing he wants to do is
It’s gotta be adrenaline keeping him so calm, because Dean doesn’t think twice about turning and raising the colt. One of the mini-me’s is fully formed five feet away and he fires a bullet right between its eyes. It drops like a sack of bricks, shudders, and doesn’t move again.
, huh? The dude prances around town in a leotard stopping crime like some kind of vigilante and claims that he fights the forces of evil because Lawrence is on some kind of magical fault line. I’ve never seen that evil. Have you? No, because it doesn’t exist, obviously.”
As soon as Castiel is close enough, a cold chill races down his spine. Immediately he is reminded of the time when he was face to face with Green-eyes after saving Samandriel. He
. Oh God.
As soon as he’s done speaking, Castiel realizes the error that he made. All five members of the Council are staring at him now, and the links with his brothers are all quiet. Suspicion leaks through the kin-connection from Metatron and Raphael. But the most terrifying of thing is the quiet anger that starts to surface in Michael’s mind.
Dean, on the other hand, seems to have a different idea. His knuckles brush over Castiel’s ribs as one hand tries to sneak down between them. There’s only one reason he could be doing that in the middle of a kiss and it’s simply not an option right now. Castiel stops him from reaching further, though his grip could hardly stop a toddler at this point.
Lilith circles to a stop and pushes a hand through Dean’s hair, mimicking the way her thoughts brush along the feelings he’s letting into the kin-connection.
needed a drink more.
That does calm him somewhat, but he doesn’t stop hugging himself to try and stave away that anxious ball in his chest. His throat works painfully around every word when he speaks. “Why –” He takes a deep breath. “Why does that matter?”
He alternates watching the front door, the side door, and the roof door of building four. His finger rests on the walkie-talkie button and he thumbs the safety on the gun occasionally, never actually turning it off. It would be
is what he wants. This is what
Dean isn’t very interested in the movie. It follows the first in much the same cinematic greatness and Castiel does enjoy the visuals. The concept of the series itself is still intriguing to think about and to watch, but the dialogue and the writing for the movie feels like it’s changed. It’s just somehow not as enrapturing as the first movie had been.
For the second time that night, embarrassment flares bright in the kin-connection. Cas quickly ducks out from under Dean’s arm and puts space between them, his ruffled fins rippling harder than they’ve ever rippled before. It’s endearing and adorable, but Dean doesn’t think much of anything about it. He and Cas have never been really touchy-feely between them. They’ve never been physical friends unless the situation has called for it. That’s more what he’s like with his fang-fin friends, anyways.
Oh. Fuck, that makes Dean’s heart clench all over again.
He must not be the only one thinking along the same lines. Cas slowly guides Dean back and out of the kiss until they’re both breathing hard in each other’s space, noses less than an inch apart. If only the Impala’s inside lights were on. Dean would love to have a high-definition mental snapshot of what Cas must look like right now. He’s all in shadow, but the street lamp outside is just enough to tell that he has an
Castiel gets shuffled over to sit on the couch next to Sam as they look up videos by
God, it still makes his stomach turn and he’s never, ever, going to forget what Dean looks like in a hospital bed. Pale and injured and it should have been
colours!” Jess announces, finally stepping out of the hug. “We can’t thank you enough, Cas. Our marks shot up like crazy just from studying with you. You’re amazing.”
“I do, actually, but a rack is fine. I tend to take the wheel and seat with me anyway.” Cas leans forward to put the beer down on one of the
enjoys working him up with a little teasing. If Dean isn’t absolutely
Dean frowns, eyebrows coming together. “Us? It’s not like I’m going to send it to anyone else, Cas.” He shares a look with Sam. “If you don’t want us to, we won’t even show it to Bobby.”
Dean doesn’t like hiding things from Sam, but he hasn’t mentioned the Druid yet. There are things he needs to see with his own eyes first. “Use your strength, Sam, and give them a show. Swing that brute of yours and chop down a few trees. Won’t take much for them to figure how easy it’ll go through a person if it comes to that.”
. It’s almost midnight!”
“I don’t
For example, he could think about how after his move to California he now has more room to explore a hobby he’s been fostering for a few years now. It started with a book on photography that Castiel had found in the library at school. He had been slowly and surely working his way through the shelves and it was only a matter of time before he came upon one. His first purchase after finding that book was an old Polaroid camera – the kind that prints out a photograph immediately and the picture can be seen as soon as it dries.
.” Dean huffs and grabs the slack of the rope.
There’s a brief pause where he thinks they might listen to him, but then Anna squishes closer with a whisper. “Hug him
“Yup, that’s right.” He nods and tilts his head to the door. “I can show you, if you’d like? I have more floor space, but the closets are basically the same.”
He does twelve push ups for his first rep. They’re slow going, but he gets them done before resting on his stomach for a count of sixty seconds. Dean returns to the room just as he’s starting on the second round. He stops in the doorway and sucks in a breath.
All he can do is shrug and slowly finish off the last of his coffee.
Dean doesn’t like fighting with his brother. He doesn’t like fighting with his friends either. As a fang-fin, he loves a good brawl just as much as the next fin-kin, but this isn’t the kind of fight he’s used to. This isn’t the kind he’s
Dean lights up with a bright smile – one that Castiel wishes he would show more often. “Yeah, sure! I’m feeling… something exciting.” He presses a quick kiss to Castiel’s cheek and pats Sam on the shoulder on his way out of the kitchen.
that has to be on the far edge of town. To get there, they have to either go through
as soon as she was caught. He feels bad for the mutant they’re hunting tonight, but there must be more about her family situation that he doesn’t know about to account for them turning on her like this.
“Hey, Cas.”
The general connection of the minds of the colony is buzzing with whispers. Everyone is talking about their visitors, as they should be. It’s a rare treat to encounter another breed of fin-kin, especially twice in a life-time.
“Take your seat, Mr. Collins and next time set an alarm.” He gestures sharply toward one of the few empty seats in the room. “I don’t expect this to happen again.”
In light of Dean’s injuries, and because he slept through the vast majority of yesterday, they stayed an extra night before heading out back to
- solo
. They were supposed to help him but they only made him feel worse in other ways.
Castiel doesn’t care. This is the perfect morning and he’s
“Maman!” With an excited wave, Castiel breaks away from Gabriel to meet his mother as she walks out of the
“I did pack some snacks and sandwiches for them.” Cas looks up at Dean, bottom lip caught between his teeth. “I don’t want to impose, but –”
He flutters his eyelashes at him, cheek full of sandwich. “You take
thing. Last night’s confession should lead to a conversation that will hopefully end with their arrangement being reclassified as a
All of that just results in Castiel being a little bit more quieter than usual – especially when Dean is around. It might be his imagination (and he sincerely hopes that it is), but he also suspects that Dean is having problems of his own. For one, Dean seems to have issues with looking Castiel in the face during the following few days. But maybe that’s just Dean playing off of how awkward Castiel has been feeling since then – if only because of his damn imagination.
might have with Dean now. There are just so many things wrong about thinking like that, that Castiel doesn’t want to even consider it.
a few days, and Castiel has no idea what to do about any of it.
It feels like Castiel has only just closed his eyes when he hears the key turn in the door. Someone is just getting home, but he feels too comfortable and relaxed to move just yet. Even his mind is floating, caught in the inbetween of waking and napping. They really need to market this peaceful feeling. Not much can really compare to it.
With a frustrated noise, Dean abandons the blanket to scrub his hands over his face. "Sorry, sorry. I –" He looks at Castiel through his fingers before he drops his hands entirely. "I just – I – I need you right now, okay? Just – please?" He makes a loose gesture towards the bedroom and realization finally slips into place. Dean wants him to go into his
Once outside, he stands up on his tiptoes and appears to put the box on the top of the car. Castiel leans over in his seat, trying to see what he’s doing. Dean steps away from the car with an extension cord in hand and he unravels it as he steps over to the top of the parking stall. There’s an outlet post there and he plugs the cord in.
. He knows the book, but he doesn’t know it well enough to quote it to Mr. Adler’s specifications.
He drapes the tie around his neck and returns to the side of the bed. Barely any time has passed at all and it’s
without a family.
when they’re away.
Dean Winchester, Castiel, Charlie Bradbury
- anal fingering
As soon as he realizes that Dean has stepped in closer, Castiel leans forward and opens his mouth. A gentle palm cups the curve of his jaw and guides him forward. To his surprise, the first thing his nose touches is the cold edge of a zipper. There’s only one logical solution to that and Castiel uses the tip of his tongue to find the tab. He gets distracted by the hard line of Dean’s erection and he can’t resist mouthing over it, tracing it through his jeans.
Art by
“Okay, okay!” Dean shakes his grip off and hugs his hand to his chest. “We planned on buying a gift on the way here but I took too long to make a choice while we were shopping.” He looks down at his hand with a wounded pout. “Damn, Cas. You’ve got a hell of a grip there.”
What can he say to that? It’s hard to deny, even to himself, given what he had just said to his parents not long before Dean came over. Castiel can only swallow what’s left of his beer and hold his hand out for another one.
to do this – and for various reasons at that. It’s not just a ‘
Rachel keeps Castiel informed of what the male to their left is doing. Her reports are very boring as he seems to be doing nothing at all, though Castiel suspects that he is talking to the female in a their own kin-connection. Do these fin-kin even have such a link or is that something completely foreign to them? Castiel was under the impression that the kin-connection was species wide. They need it to communicate since the water they breathe inhibits most sounds made with their vocal cords. The colony’s songs are just about the only sounds they can make that actually carry under the waves.
. This is unacceptable. He’s an
At any other time, that might have made him happy. Right now, Castiel can’t really get past the fact that Dean is avoiding him. Did last night really change that much between them?
will strike within the year and I will need more of
Dean cracks a bright smile at him and puts an arm over Castiel’s shoulders. He presses a kiss to his cheek that Castiel is almost tempted to push him away for.
interesting things that we could do too.”
know he was planning this?”
With one final hug, Balthazar takes his leave. Of course they maintain their link through the kin-connection until he’s too far out of reach to hold it any longer, but it remains mostly silent now that their conversation has ended. Castiel just hopes that Balthazar won’t be distracted by his new task. If his garrison suspects anything, he might end up down in these caves too. At this point, Castiel is relying purely on Balthazar’s acting abilities – and that might have been one of the many reasons why he was chosen over Anna.
anyone. Which isn't looking too good for him. He's lucky if he can take down one bright-fin before some rescue team comes sweeping in to save them at the last moment.
. He didn’t really do anything to help Cas. It was all Sam and the others who told Cas everything he needed to know. All Dean does is meet with him every few days.
during your Spring molt.” She lingers on his feathers before looking away again.
Unlike Anna, Castiel waits until everyone is silent before finally speaking again. “The painkillers Dean gave me are strong and knocking me out.” He muffles a yawn under his hand. “Is there any advice you can give me about what to do with the Dean situation?”
“Uh – sometimes?” There’s colour in Dean’s ears when he shrugs this time. “Nothing good or anything.”
. Because right now he can still get out of these handcuffs easy enough and that’s just disappointing. This is made all the more obvious by how he just has to twist his wrists slightly and pick the plastic away to loosen the handcuffs and free one of his hands.
The way he stares at him is rather intense and Castiel finds it hard to meet his eyes. “I bought you a slice of pie from that bakery down the street. It’s one of your favourite, right?” Castiel shrugs and tries to act like his attention is still on the movie. “I got off a stop too early on my way home and picked up a slice of apple pie for you.”
. Granted, he’s never been a potty mouth in any sense, but if that’s something that Dean enjoyed, he would absolutely do it for him.
unhappy people, but Castiel isn’t one of them. It’s not as big a deal to him as it is for others because he could easily find an apartment in the area. If he asked, his father would probably pay for it without question. But he doesn’t want to do that for more reasons than he can count.
; his foot sliding against Castiel’s bare leg through the opening of the housecoat. When he finishes eating, Dean leans forward with his elbows on the table and his chin in his hands. He catches his bottom lip coyly between his teeth and just
. Dean keeps the whiskey in the cabinet above the fridge and Sam grabs the first bottle he finds. He’s been allowed a beer here or there under Dean and Cas’s watchful eyes, but hard whiskey? Never had it.
has hugged him and – and he froze up. And the longer he takes to rectify that, the more awkward this becomes.
Pam ignores him and holds her hand out, which Castiel shakes automatically and then instantly regrets it as the pale blue-green of her eyes bleeds white. He flinches back in surprise, but the grip on his hand remains tight.
Cas does not look convinced.
“Us too. I’m getting withdrawal from my little brother now that you’ve moved away from me.”
. Castiel knew from the very beginning that Dean only cared for him as a friend. He never had feelings for him and he shouldn’t have thought – shouldn’t have
“Of course.” That said, Castiel does find it difficult to look him in the eye. He instead pushes a piece of French Toast through some syrup. “You’re always welcome to stay with me, Dean.”
the reason that Dad stopped coming home from his hunts.”
he doesn’t want him to go. He had many suggests, but it can be frustrating to have them all shot down. Dean could be mad about that. Or is he jealous? But
There doesn’t appear to be anyone else around, so Castiel is comfortable enough to smile down at the flat stone imbedded in the grass where his parents are buried. “Hi Mom; Dad. How are you today?”
Up until that moment, Castiel had no idea that there was a note tucked under the bookmark. It stares at him, the stark white of the paper standing out against the darker shade of the book pages. He stares at it for a long moment, trying to remember when he put that there. Nothing jumps up in his memory and Castiel briefly wonders if someone else did it. But that can’t be right, no one but him has had possession of this book since he put the bookmark there during lunch.
barely see Dean spread his legs. The sound of his heartbeat pounding in his ears is almost enough to drown out the sound of Dean undoing his belt. This is now going to be an adventure in exerting his self control and
"Just –" There's something desperate about the way Dean tries straighten the messy edges of the blanket. "Would you make your bed, please? Make it look like you've left the house, okay?"
. If I have to, and if it’s going to be because of
awesome.
. But Dean hasn’t come yet and Castiel is
While he sits stiffly next to Sam, Dean mutters quietly to himself and shuffles around the kitchen. It sounds like he’s berating himself for subjecting Castiel to Pam, but he could be wrong. Sam is chatting and catching up with Bobby and Pam about something to do with bounty hunting, and it’s making it hard to listen in to what Dean is saying. It doesn’t help that Dean isn’t enunciating a whole lot.
is rather unexpected. He had considered somewhat that perhaps Dean would have already tried wearing lingerie, but this is confirmation and he can’t help but imagine it.
When Dean touches his oil glands, it’s like flipping a switch. A bolt of white hot
quickly, but it definitely sounds like he’s hiding something. “I’ll text you when we’re done if I can’t get a ride home.” Before he can be given any kind of snide answer, Castiel slams the door and starts checking both ways in preparation to cross the street behind Gabriel’s car.
“Occasionally.” Sam raises his free arm and flexes. Even the cassock doesn’t hide the bulge of muscle in his arm. “I’m definitely more in shape than most lawyers.” A wry grin spreads on his face. “And the weak willed tend to give up and confess when I flex while staring them down. It’s proven a useful strategy.”
like being left alone for nearly nine hours out of the day. One of Castiel’s walls has been utterly
herself. It was either that or be thrown in jail for trying to hide a mutant. And that would have meant that Anna had to go into foster care or be placed with Castiel’s family, which ran the risk of exposing
flutters against the edges of Dean’s mind and it takes him a minute to realize that it’s Cas. He can feel Cas’s emotions through their touch and isn’t that just something? Dean bites his lip and looks down at their hands.
have a few days to themselves. Maybe he should try and make things a little more interesting? Castiel does his best not to let any of excitement show externally, in case Balthazar starts to ask about it.
But then Sam turns a soft smile up at him, as if in understanding. He glances around before raising a hand at the unlit candles that edge the tombstone. His fingers twitch slightly once, twice, and then flames flicker to life on the wicks of the candles.
sexually either, then Castiel would ask for nothing else ever in his life.
for this glowing dick.
apologized?”
“Nice to officially meet you, Cas.” Dean shakes his hand with a laugh. He leans down to prop himself up on his elbows again. “So, did you see anything interesting this time?”
. He’s not out getting drunk in the middle of the afternoon and going home with some stranger. Castiel is all for Dean spending time with his friends, but it hurts like nothing else when he doesn’t come home.
Out of the sheer indignity of the question, Castiel’s fans flare unhappily. It’s a good question, but Dean is making it sound like Castiel is some kind of a
. Castiel wants to do things to Dean that will make him shake and come apart under his hands and mouth. God, but he hopes that they’ll continue this relationship long enough for him to know what that will be like. He doesn’t want this to end before he has the chance to hold Dean in return.
easy. Castiel purposefully takes his time in finding the edges of the wrapping paper and
. It wasn’t out of surprise, because Cas doesn’t surprise easily. Dean once tried to scare him by jumping out from around a corner when he knew Cas was coming, and he barely even blinked. So there’s
Sweet Mother-sea, he’s actually
He squirms again and hunches his shoulders. “Not the
Or, at least, he does that for a little while. It would be cruel of him not to do it at least once while he’s fingering him. The first rough rub of a finger over his prostate causes Dean to cry out. He arches his back back and throws his head back. “There! Right there!” Dean starts rocking back against Castiel’s fingers, obviously seeking for more. “
“Hey, lift your leg for me?” His hand is already sliding down to the back of Dean’s thigh when he asks the question. “I made the mess. Let me clean you up.”
Unfortunately for Castiel, Gabriel doesn’t quite get that. He hasn’t shut up about the date all week. In fact,
Dean shakes his head harder and he pushes Sam away with one hand, the other clutching at the bucket.
turn to show you just how much I love you.”
Dean has the
Instead of actually continuing the conversation in any way whatsoever, Cas continues to stare at him. Before Dean can question him on it, Charlie comes up the stairs from the basement. She spots him almost right away and beelines right for him. “Dude, what the hell.”
Dean rolls his eyes and his next kiss, though brief, falls on Cas’s lips. Then his chin. Then Dean takes his time with pressing nibbling kisses along his jaw and down his throat. He’s always been a bit of a fan of marking up his partners, just to prove he was there, and he doesn’t hesitate to suck a dark mark into the curve of Cas’s neck. The quiet gasp in his ear and the way Cas’s hands tighten where they lay makes the moment all the sweeter.
. Well, screw them! Dean didn’t want to be friends with anyone anyways. Not when they were just going to bad talk his parents in front of him or behind his back. Too bad it took him so long to realize that Bobby wasn’t the only one who was friends with his mom and dad. Ellen was too and at least she raised Jo right.
It’s a sobering reminder of what he’s not allowed to have and Castiel would dwell on it longer save for one thing. That thing happens to be Dean’s hands and the firm grip they have on his ass. Considering the fact that Castiel is wearing jeans, it’s rather impressive that Dean is able to grab it as hard as he does. Every squeeze sends lightning zigzagging up Castiel’s spine and it’s all he can do to just keep himself still. He’s never had anyone
Oh God.
Castiel gives her the same flat look. “And you always get me clothes.” It might sound like he’s not being appreciative for what they get him, but he does. He always loves what the get him and It's very useful. He uses Anna’s gift cards to buy the books and video games he wants, and Aunt Amara always modifies the clothes for his wings first - which is nice, because he rarely buys clothes for himself.
secret.” Dean swoops down to scoop her up and tosses her lightly in the air. “When your Uncle Cas gives me that, he’s going to be
“G-good.” He clears his throat with a sharp cough. “Yeah, that’s – that’s good, Cas. Y’know, I didn’t tell you that you could put a second in.”
Bobby is starting to get concerned too, but for different reasons than
If he’s not shifting around, then he’s staring at the little glowing lights of the equipment lined up neatly on the shelves under and around the TV. He doesn’t quite think about anything. It’s mostly unformed thoughts circling the edges of his brain, just out of reach. And, sometimes, one of those thoughts solidifies enough to remind him that
badly.
“Nah, don’t worry.” Dean shrugs and flashes a bright grin at him, blasting away every free that had been building up in Castiel since he sent the e-mail earlier. “It was candid and you grabbed a good moment. If I was uncomfortable with it, I wouldn’t have put it on the fridge of honour. See?”
He didn’t go into that class thinking he’d end up dating the TA, but here he is not only dating him, but
It’s a good fifteen minutes more before Cas comes out of Dean’s office. Charlie has no idea how he does it, but there isn’t a hair or piece of clothing out of place and he looks just as indifferent as usual. Dean’s door remains open and, from her desk, Charlie can see that everything is as neat and perfect as usual. She shares a tightlipped look with Donna before going back to work.
Dean snorts and shakes his head. “I’ll take your word for it.” He usually has a pretty good gut for people, and Cas is giving him the
Before Castiel can say anything in return, he holds up a hand with his phone. “Before you thank me, I want you to see this.”
worried that making such a stupid ‘
He sighs and touches Anna’s face too, a gentle sweep of fingers before he tucks the long strands of her hair behind her head-fans.
The initial resistance gives way and Castiel slips in without warning. It’s only just a bit, but it steals his breath away. Muscles jump and dance under Dean’s skin as his spine arches away from the mattress. He takes a sharp breath and lets it out slowly, clearly forcing his body to relax. Castiel, on the other hand, is trembling. The pressure – the warmth – it’s nothing like he thought it would be. He’s had Dean’s mouth around him before and that was amazing, but
But this is still a step in the right direction. A small step, but a step nonetheless. He might not be ready for
Despite the brief panic attack Dean helped him through earlier, Castiel is actually looking forward to what the rest of the day – and the week – will be like.
Instead of answering, Dean settles even
Once he finally makes it to the kitchen, Castiel finds Dean sitting at the kitchen table with a cup of coffee clutched between his hands. When he looks up at him, there are dark bags under his eyes. It looks like he didn’t sleep at all, or slept just as badly as Castiel did.
Michael rubs a hand over his face and sits on his pillar with a sigh.
Something beeps loudly in his ear and he flinches at it.
A pout fills Dean’s voice and he flops onto his back again. He arms crossed over his chest as he sulks. “I’m not
the castle. But in doing so,
beinga so called ‘
The space is much too small for Balthazar to swim back and forth, but he does it anyways.
“Touch yourself, Cas.” Dean’s voice is soft, but he can feel the words form against his lips before they’re kissing again.
Castiel’s phone buzzes with a message from Sam and he opens the door. “He says there’s only one other person inside, aside from the employee.”
When they pass out of the reach of the colony’s kin-connection, Dean starts getting nervous. He’s tracking Bobby by a combination of things right now and he knows he’s not alone, but there’s silence in his head. It’s terrifying. His heart is pounding almost too quickly in his chest, like it’s trying to punch its way out because he’s
is being said about the video Sam shared. It gives him a chance to view the video too and see what he looks like and – Well. He looks pretty badass.
distracting – which he proves again later that evening when he takes Castiel for a little drive.
. Dean’s smile falls slightly as his attention shifts from Castiel to Michael next to him. Oh, that’s right. This would be the first time that they’ve actually met, isn’t it? Castiel has never had to introduce a friend to his family before and a thrill of excitement fills him for it.
” Aunt Amara has a smile in her voice and Castiel is briefly struck with a bout of homesickness at not being able to see it. “
On the morning of the beach party, Castiel is in the middle of brushing his teeth when his phone beeps in his bedroom. He retrieves it and smiles around his toothbrush at Dean’s name on the screen. It’s a picture message and Castiel raises his eyebrow at the image. The majority of it is a poor shot of a building that he has never seen before, and the rest is filled with the top half of Dean and Sam’s heads. It’s an odd selfie, but amusing.
. In all the time that they’ve known one another, he’s come to learn that Dean is a fairly sexual creature. If it’s not Sam ranting at length about all the times he’s had to spend
The fire crackles in the grate and Castiel crouches in front of it, dipping a finger into the large kettle sitting over the flames. The water inside is warm enough and it takes two hands to heft it from the hook and carry it to the copper tub in the corner. He dumps the contents in and fills the kettle again from a barrel next to the fire. Once it’s back on the rack over the grate, he returns to the tub.
He nods in agreement. “It was. I missed you a lot this last week, but I’m confident that we can get through it.” It helps that they talk almost daily, and Castiel isn’t lonely since Sam is apparently staying with him now.
Honestly, the mornings are Castiel’s favourites. Since he’s usually awake before Dean, he’s not sure when would be an appropriate time to send him a message, so he doesn’t. Dean, on the other hand, texts shortly after he’s woken up – usually with something along the lines of what happened in his dreams or to whine about how he doesn’t want to be awake. Sam has informed Castiel that Dean does this texting while he’s in the bathroom and that they can’t break him out of that habit. Oddly enough, it doesn’t bother him.
It’s a small, quiet whisper but Castiel hears it clear as a bell. He almost stops breathing, if only because he’s never actually
. He only knows the name of the pose because Sam and Jess do yoga and he explained the position until Jess replicated it and they realized what he was talking about. When questioned, Dean also lied through his teeth and said he saw it in a porno. It’s not far from the truth given how good Cas’s ass looked – right before he bent a leg over his back and touched his foot to his head.
masturbate, but only because it’s physically necessary sometimes. And when he does, he’s disappointed to find that it isn’t as overwhelmingly good as what he’s heard his peers talking about in locker rooms. He’s not sure if that’s the enduring guilt of the proper Christian upbringing he’s had, or if it’s something else entirely. Or, it could be because he’s certain that he has never developed a crush on someone and therefore never had anyone to think about when he touched himself. It hardly seems appropriate to crush on someone he barely knows just because they’re conventionally attractive.
Once his messages are sent off, Castiel puts his phone aside and covers his face with his hands. He massages his cheeks in some attempt to make the smile go away, if only because it’s starting to feel so ridiculous. He wants to wiggle and dance; to shout at the top of his lungs; to tell
“If you wouldn’t mind.” Castiel leaves the bags on the floor and quickly moves the pie into the fridge. If he starts putting the cold things away first, then Dean won’t have the chance to accidentally stumble across his surprise.
But, even if Dean had stopped to think about and realize this before, nothing would have changed. It never would have been the right time to tell Cas. Especially not when Dean isn’t even sure if he’s been fully forgiven for his actions in the first half of the war. In fact, he might
Castiel hums to himself. “I suppose I could do with a new wastebasket in my bedroom. I’m currently just using a cardboard box.”
When Castiel approaches the counter, Meg shoves Ash out of the way. He seems perfectly content with manning the coffee station and makes no comment about it. Meg, however, looks more than pleased. “Hello handsome!” Her smile is bright if not a little sly as she leans against the counter. “What can I get for you today?”
Weather on Earth doesn’t really affect him. He doesn’t feel hot or cold and he never sweats, not even in his trench coat. Dean has told him on numerous occasions that he runs both hot and cold. When Dean is too hot, he finds the skin of Castiel’s vessel to be cool. When he’s cold, Castiel is a furnace that warms him. Granted, any time he says that is when they’re sharing a bed, but those moments are few and far between in their lives.
For example, he knows that Cas drives a bright yellow custom coloured Yamaha motor scooter to and from work –
thinking. It means he can’t do anything else but consider actually trying to accept the truth. But that’s so damn
Sam’s cry echoes through the whole kin-connection and not just the link he shares with his brother. He just barely manages to grab Dean’s tail at the last moment and immediately starts trying to pull him back.
day.” Dean hums, still looking up at Castiel with a dreamy look to him – that could be the dehydration in effect. “Got a bladder like a
Dean allows him a few minutes of rolling his hips before he reaches up to run a hand through Castiel’s hair, fingers catching in it. “I thought you wanted it hard, Cas. I
But any happiness had over having a whole rotation off is always dampened by knowing that he only has another seven days before he has to go
right like this. There’s no jolting snap of hips against hips, either him dropping or Dean rising to meet him. But this – Yeah, this is good too.
to talk about past relationships on a first date.”
Dean stops swimming, but his glare is turned on the wall. His hands are trembling fists at his sides.
They stare at each other again for a short moment, and again Castiel can’t help but wonder if they share some kind of telepathic connection that he isn’t aware of. Unlike Dean, however, he’s not going to ask about it. People, even mutants, are entitled to their own secrets.
He continues pushing and pulling at Balthazar’s thoughts while he uses the rounded fans at the end of his tail to sweep the pebbles from his shelf. Hopefully they’ll miss the shelves below him. And even if they don't, it's a common danger of choosing to make a sleep-shelf in some of the lowest levels of the colony.
He has a point, but that doesn’t mean he feels like playing alone.
But that still leaves him unsettled. He just doesn’t like hearing that Dean got hurt, even though he knows that it’s a large risk of his job. There’s nothing he can do about it, but
“Boyfriend, then!” Dean throws his hands in the air. “Jesus, Cas, I don’t know. Tell him you’re dating Sam, or Jess, or
. “You would sleep in the bed, obviously.”
Any arousal that Castiel previous had is quickly drying up. In fact, he might never be able to get aroused again. The jealousy is searing through him now and he crosses his arms against the feeling. “I’m sorry, but I fail to see how that is a
“’Cas’
drunk either. Most of the time, if Dean gets tipsy, he’s actually rather hilarious and fun to be around. It’s only when he’s
and yet, at the same time, it doesn’t feel too weird. It doesn’t feel
His knees feel weak as he stands up. They tremble with every step he takes and he reaches a hand out to grip one of the shelves on the bookcase to steady himself. Perhaps he should take a bath instead? That might be safer. Unless Dean came with him. Castiel could lean against him in the shower and use him as support – in more ways than one. Right now he wants nothing more than to stay at Dean’s side and he hates how he knows how that won’t be an option to him. If Dean doesn’t initiate a long lasting make-out session after they’ve finished having sex, then it means
Castiel gets a good distance from the auditorium before he realizes that Anna is practically right on his tail. She has to actually slap him on the arm to get his attention as she pulls up next to him.
big, and Dean can’t look away. Fuck, he wishes Cas would smile like that all the time. He’s practically glowing, and all because they’re indulging his current Muppets obsession. Though, can you really call it
He doesn’t fight it as they drag him down towards the opening of the mining tunnels. Castiel knows exactly where they’re taking him. When they were younger, he and his siblings found a tunnel that had long been abandoned. There’s a small cavern off one of the tunnel walls that had been used to store supplies and the minerals mined from the cliff walls. It’s been empty since long before they were born and he and his siblings used it as a secret meeting spot when they all wanted to get away from the other hatchlings from their birth-season.
“Breathe, Dean.” Angel rubs firm circles between his shoulder blades. “Just breathe. It’s okay.”
Before leaving the room, Sam stops to look back. He takes in how Dean and Cas are looking at each other - warm and soft and sappy. It's something that he's used to seeing from the outside and he shakes his head at it.
anything. All they search for is anything that might be considered a threat to the colony. What Castiel craves is something
– I want to –” Every word is a gasp and Dean isn’t making anything easier. “
Cas flinches when Dean’s hate floods the kin-connection.
and I will bury you under the basement.” Dean grunts and drops the nail gun onto a nearby work table. “Did you get us lunch or not?”
He doesn’t stop until Cas is coming across his tongue in bitter pulses. The grip in his hair borders on painful as Cas’s body becomes a tight arch on the bed. His thighs and the muscles of his stomach are quivering by the time Dean finishes sucking him clean, and he pulls off with a soft pop. The corners of his lips are sore, but it’s well worth it for the dishevelled mess Cas has become.
where Dean is concerned.
Her smug look overflows right into the kin-connection and she grins at him.
That’s not very surprising. When Dean is unhappy, he makes it very clear when he doesn’t want to talk to people. “Please thank Bobby for me when you get the chance. Anything he can do to help is and will be greatly appreciated.”
Castiel makes a mental note to chew Dean out later for apparently having stolen his phone or gotten his aunt's number by some other shady means, all for the sake of
Sam shifts in his seat, looking first to Castiel and then back at the phone. “I want to go into law with a specialty in mutant rights.”
After a few moments of pen scratching on paper, Cas hums. “And what was she playing?”
The light fades and Cas breathes out slowly. “You can’t imagine what it’s like.” He brings a hand to his chest and presses lightly. “They’re all inside me. Millions upon millions of souls.”
“Yeah.” Dean moves along the wing, tweaking feathers into place here or there as he goes. He has a pattern he follows when caring for them and he follows it almost absently now. “I – uh – I just got off the phone with Bobby.”
of alcohol. He’s been drinking, and that’s the only thing  marring how happy Castiel is to have him home. Never, not once in his entire life, has Castiel ever liked being around drunk people and even less so while they’re sitting on him. Besides that, Dean’s knee is pinching his side rather painfully.
Dean twitches at the flinty tone, but he doesn’t answer. Castiel has to consciously keep his grip on the wine bottle loose, for fear of shattering it. “Actually, Dean is bisexual.” His voice doesn’t waver, but there is a steely edge to it. This ‘
. For instance, he didn’t want to try anything that involved purposefully causing pain to one’s partner. And he really didn’t have any particular interest in watersports, scat, or blood play of any kind.
change his clothes. He does that quickly, opting for something a little more comfortable to work in until he has to go to class. His
Cas ducks his head, including looking down at their hands. That confusion is still there at the edge of his mind, but Dean picks up on a sense of wonder too. Does that mean he likes this kind of touch? He was alright with the way they were sorta hugging when they caught each other earlier. But is
it. The conversations in the hallway during the lunch hour are more than enough for Castiel to know that Café du Crowley has a decent crowd of students who regularly go there. They like the food and they like the serving staff.
It’s exactly like what he was thinking about before; changes are hard, but sometimes they really are for the better.
to other people about the whole thing.”
Holy shit. Sam was right.
that makes him feel.
After a few moments, he stops to tap the back of his spoon against his bottom lip. “How long do you think it’s going to take Reid and Maggie to figure out that we’re married?”
now.”
that he likes this. If he did that, then Dean might really want to stop to make sure that they find a proper way to do this.
supposed to want a romantic relationship. He’s
Alistair has been circling them both since Dean arrived. Meg took off once her job was done and of course that left Dean alone with two of the most intimidating members of the Council. Lilith is pretty scary too, and Crowley can be when he wants to be, but he’s more laid back. These two, however, are just downright eerie to be around – especially at the same time. Their bloodlust is practically a scent in the water and it’s making Dean’s skin and scales prickly uncomfortably.
“I don’t want to be a doctor.”
Some of the students groan and a few start whispering. Castiel doesn’t care. He was raised to be respectful and proper to teachers and to speak the truth. Lying would get him nowhere – and he couldn’t think of a convincing one on his run back to the school. Hopefully his reputation with the teachers will ease any punishment Mr. Adler plans to give him.
lurches through him and Castiel swallows thickly. “O-oh?”
And reading helps distract him from wanting to take Dean’s picture. Castiel has come to terms with how he will never be allowed to do that. But just because he can’t take his picture doesn’t mean he’s not allowed to at least
“And how many coffees have you had?” Castiel has no idea the size of the coffee mugs the Winchesters have, but he imagines that they must be huge, given how caffeine-dependant Dean is in the mornings.
She follows him into his office while continue to read out his schedule. “It’s Charlie’s birthday today and as a reminder I’m going to be going to pick the cake up before lunch, we ordered it last week so it’s already been paid for. I’ll finish editing your reports today and will start on the data entry that was backed up from last week.”
They all check their respective watches or phone at the announcement. Sure enough, they’re only a few minutes away and there’s still so much to do. Without any discussion, they all stand up simultaneously. Castiel is the first to reach the remote for the television. He skims the channels until he finds the one with the countdown happening in New York – actually clicking past it and having to go back a few channels while he sways in place.
. Without thinking about it, he rolls over because he needs her
and Castiel is about five seconds from smashing the pastry of the day into his smug little face.
Dean recoils again, moving to put the coffee table between them. “Like hell we are.”
. There’s pride in there too, but he just seems overly
“I never had any.” Gabriel shakes his head and drops his head back in a relieved sigh. “Thank
” Anna huffs again. “
With his back to them, Castiel is free to frown at that particular comment. He’s the last person to ever judge someone for things they like, or things they do, but
That said, Castiel’s whole world comes to a complete stop for a solid several seconds when Dean grabs his hand as they cross the parking lot to the diner. His heart trips over itself much the same as his feet do. His focus narrows down on the warm hand curled around his and he can barely take his eyes from it. Dean is holding his head. He is holding Castiel’s hand
She clears her throat and at least
That is shorthand that Castiel knows. Gabriel uses it all the time.
“I didn’t
And it kinda is. Basically, the bright-fin just want to keep the water clean. They don’t want to be the ones to spill the blood. But sending someone off on their own, with no kin-connection to keep them sane – they’re just going to lose their mind and die a painful death. The fang-fin way ensures a quick, normally painless death. There’s no
“I have no idea what any of that is.” He rolls his eyes and crosses his arms on the counter top. “But I think you should do it.”
There’s a reason Vicky is Lisa’s least favourite best friend. She loves her to death and was a bridesmaid at her wedding, but Vicky has always had the tendency to call her out on her bullshit or state the things that she doesn’t want to hear. Granted, Vicky’s bluntness was what really helped Lisa realize that her last relationship wasn’t going anywhere. And she also didn’t point out anything bad when they were all talking on Saturday. Though that could have been because of all the wine…
He thought he would be able to learn so much from them and expand just a bit on the little world of his colony’s territory. To find out just how wrong he was is heart breaking. It doesn’t matter how bored he was with the sentry duty. It doesn’t matter that he wanted to explore and learn. Castiel wanted more out of life, but he never wanted
“Thank you.” Cas lowers himself gracefully onto the couch and accepts the mug Dean passes to him. If he’s surprised that it’s his favourite tea, he doesn’t show it. “You and Sam have asked me extensive questions about myself and the history of my family.”
because –
Why did Dean wink at him? Was that truly necessary? Was there a meaning behind it or was Dean merely being friendly? His personality seems to be friendly with everyone – save Gabriel, it seems. The question plagues Castiel through the first few bites of his lunch until he catches a glance of Dean doing the same to a few girls in line. It makes them both giggle loudly and blush. All it does is confuse Castiel a little more. Perhaps it really doesn’t mean much else besides a friendly gesture.
Dean’s heart soars and his grin reflects it. “Then I’ll see you at the mall tomorrow?”
anxious, but – God help him – but it doesn’t actually sound like that bad of an idea right now. It certainly helps that Dean starts guiding him into rutting gently against his thigh again.
for me, you’re going to
Honestly, as good as the orgasm was (and it was
It takes a while, but the candidates get narrowed down considerably. When it’s down to the final two, Sam and an older male, Lucifer starts complaining. It’s taken longer than he expected and he’s grown bored. Castiel can’t blame him. His mind has wandered a few times, but he always brings himself back to what’s happening. Castiel doesn’t want to miss anything important, but he doesn’t have the will of Dean to stay completely focused on the events below.
Castiel shrugs and polishes off the last of his coffee. “That would be interesting.”
Dean stretches out on his belly again. He’s surprised by how strong his curiosity is to learn more about Cas. Is he really that bored? What else can he get Cas to tell him?
. Angel’s wings are gone and now they’re just stark blue lines glowing along his arms and back.
and I caught that dick trying to peddle the pies first.” He throws his hands in the air and starts pacing. “Pies are so
.” Dean grins and squeezes Castiel all the tighter.
can’t. As such, Dean will be taking Sam out for lunch and a fun jaunt around town to visit their old haunts. If his situation were different, Castiel would have loved to go with them to learn a little more about the Winchester. Sadly, his wings are still molting and he still has a job to do.
Dean has agreed on that matter, but he’s never said if he’s spoken to Lisa about it.
kids are. And he’s not even allowed to swear! Bobby has a worse mouth than him on any given day, but Dean can’t bring himself to drop any f-bombs when there’s a kid present, no matter who they are.
Castiel has to tilt his head to catch Dean’s eye. “Are you okay?”
“I’m sorry!” When the realization strikes, Castiel steps back sharply and yanks his hands out of Dean’s grip. His face feels like it’s on
“Hello, Castiel.” Father tilts his head in acknowledgement of his greeting. “Are you going to introduce me to your
Or as calm as he can be when he can see so many things going wrong before his eyes.
, Dean is loud. He’s made mention of it every time he’s talked about his escapades – despite how there have been significantly fewer of those since he met Cas.
Dean makes a whining noise low in his throat, but Sam shoves him off screen with a hand over his face. “
has touched him here before, but he can deal with it. Counting his way through it as if it were almost second nature.
my time with you. And you knew that when I married you.”
told him, he would’ve killed me.” Sam laughs and even Jess and Castiel chuckle. They all know exactly what Dean would have been like if he hadn’t been included. “Besides, who do you think helped me pick out the ring?”
his pen name. The distinction apparently matters, not that Dean cares. Once he gets the files, he could
Today has turned out better than he thought possible. Part of him wants to live in this moment forever, but he is still looking forward to tomorrow. Because tomorrow he gets to wake up next to Dean and repeat it all over again, and again, and
The peace treaty the Councils came to an agreement on basically boils down to the two colonies keeping to themselves until things have settled down. No one, not even the ambassadors, are allowed to pass between the colonies without express permission. They never specified
Cas doesn’t stop until Dean sags in his arms. Then, and only then, does he withdraw and slowly lower him down onto his stomach. Dean struggles to regains his breath and come back to himself again. He’s aware of a palm pressing between his shoulder blades, but he doesn’t realize
“I’m not an invalid, Cas.” A frown creases his face. “I can do shit on my own still.”
Castiel wakes up to a sharp kick in the shin. He groans and flops his arm out, hoping to hit at least some part of Anna to express how much he hates when she doesn’t keep her damn limbs on her side of the bed. It’s a king sized bed! There should be no crossing the neutral territory in the middle. And yet, there’s another kick that makes him grimace into his pillow.
!” He throws the pamphlets onto the cushion next to him. This is
That brings about a whole new worry and causes Castiel’s stomach to drop to the vicinity of his knees. “Is
There’s a leading tone to her voice that has Castiel rolling his eyes. “We’ll come back at least once a month to visit my parents and see you guys. I promise that we absolutely won’t miss your twenty-ninth birthday, okay?”
He turns around sharply to find Meg standing in front of the café’s door, a wide and wicked grin on her lips. Castiel starts herding her into the café where there are less people to witness her teasing. “That wasn’t meant for you to see.”
“At first I thought you were just doing a lot of shopping.” Castiel quirks the corner of his mouth up in the closest approximation of a smile that he finds himself willing to give. “You always come back with food, which makes sense given that we eat enough to feed a small army.”
That both is and
been lying to him and leaving him out of this? Even Charlie? She’s, like, his best friend after Sam. Mother-sea, Dean didn’t think this could hurt any more, but it
display. Dean points that out to some of the other rebels, just in case they need ideas for who should be on their new Council.
Once he’s officially pulled over on the side of the road and not parked on top of Cyclist-Guy’s bike, Dean turns the car off and gets out again. He only pauses long enough to grab his registration and the notebook (with pen) that he keeps in the glove compartment. True, he didn’t hit another car, but Dean is still going to insist that he takes his information. If the bike is insured, which would be weird but not unheard of, then maybe the guy will be able to make a claim.
I’m going to scream if Maggie tries to ask me to dance with her.”
Art by
Castiel reminds him. Normally he would smile at Gabriel’s antics, but the ability to do that feels like it left him a few rotations ago.
“I’m not talking about that with you.” Dean hunches his shoulders. “Are you dressed yet?”
Gabriel keeps his thoughts light as he finally comes to join them, flopping full body across the end of Castiel’s tail. Once he’s comfortable, his thoughts take a serious edge to them.
Dean is still cleaning the dishes once Castiel’s first trip to the bathroom is complete. After brushing his teeth he realized that some of the things he needs for a proper clean are hidden under his socks and underwear under the bed. It doesn’t take him long to get them or even to finish up in the bathroom a second time. Despite that, Dean is still not done in the kitchen by the time Castiel walks out of the bathroom completely done with all he needs to do.
barely covers his shoulders and Castiel has to hold it closed at his neck. Even so, his chest is left mostly bare and he has to keep his arms tucked to his sides or risk showing the tips of his feathers.
From the door, Castiel couldn’t hear the voices in the kitchen, but at the counter, he can. Somebody is having an argument and Castiel is fairly certain that he knows who. After years of hearing it directed at his parents through the walls of his home, he can quite easily pick out Gabriel’s voice as one of the parties involved. Who could he be fighting with? Is it Dean, or Crowley, or perhaps one of his ‘
The hand on his shoulder is one given out of sympathy, but Castiel would have preferred a hug instead. “You don’t know what you want to do, but do you know what you
– to thrust into the delicious temptation of Dean’s mouth or ride his fingers harder, faster – more, God,
He frowns down at the bedding while he thinks about it.
Starting Friday morning again, Dean had been just as down in the dumps as he had been on Tuesday. Which means that he was absolutely forcing himself to be upbeat and cheery for their first Valentine’s Day together. While Castiel appreciates the effort that he went to, and the truly wonderful evening they had, he again wishes that he had held off on giving the Winchesters the information about their father.
The singing cuts out when the bathroom door opens. “Sammy, that you?”
lonely in his life. Every day is one filled with happiness – even on the days when Lisa stays over. Castiel might still be on the fence about whether or not he actually likes her, but not
She tilts her head to grin at the rest of them.
“It’s nothing, Sammy. Just an accident.” Dean cups Castiel’s hand in both of his, using his thumbs to encourage him to close his fingers over the gash in his palm. He smiles at him, soft and warm. “Don’t worry, Cas. You don’t need stitches and you’re going to be all better in a minute.”
of the
to give us a pat down for weapons.”
Dean is ushered out of the room to go change his clothes and take a shower. With him gone, Castiel puts the whole thing out of mind and turns his attention on stabilizing the patient. Getting his heart started and breathing on his own again is only half the battle.
all the books…”
and Castiel unwinds into it slowly but surely. That happy little heat in his chest is thumping away with his heart, warming him straight down to his toes. It’s nice not to have to sleep alone again.
He rolls his eyes at the smile in Sam’s voice. “I don’t know why you didn’t just
Ew. That bubble black feeling of jealousy fills his stomach again and Castiel does
’, but he does hear many people talk about how it happens between their friends regarding friction between relationships of both the platonic and romantic. It’s not something Castiel has had the chance to experience himself, but he does feel like this is as close to it as he might ever get.
“I’m putting this conversation to an end.” Dean  rolls his shoulders and heads for the kitchen. “I don’t know about the two of you, but I’m in the mood for some goddamn
were supposed to be the adorable one in this relationship!” Dean calls after him, and then proceeds to stomp back down the stairs to get all the grocery bags they brought. He mutters to himself about pain-in-the-ass boyfriends, from what Castiel can hear.
Castiel hangs up without saying goodbye. He stretches his arms above his head until his back pops pleasingly. The towel draped across his shoulders falls to the floor and Castiel very nearly drops the one around his hips before he remembers what he should do first. “Sam!”
“What?” It’s half muffled by the pillow, but the confusion must get across.
But then Dean starts moving. He’s tucking himself back into his underwear with a determined set to his jaw. It’s the kind of look that terrifies Castiel. “What are you doing?”
one for
and the next thought that occurs to him is that he should photograph it for posterity’s sake.
. “I want to stress that I am
Benny, the EMT pushing the gurney, is calling out the code and particulars of the incident. Rowena is waiting for them in the surgical unit with the defibrillator primed and ready to go. Dean, however, doesn’t stop giving chest compressions, and he makes no move to get down. There’s sweat dripping from his hair and a determined set to his jaw.
It takes all of Dean’s power not to snort
to be different. Castiel wanted things to be
and it’s not even the
Castiel feels like he’s walking on air and he has no desire to return to work. His editing can wait for another day, he’s sure, and no new recordings have been sent in today for him to transcribe. As such, he bypasses his office entirely – not giving it a second thought as they make their way down the hall together, hand in hand.
when you were three. That’s, like, forever ago.” He could do the mental math if he wanted, but he really doesn’t. Not when he’s apparently got a
It’s so unexpected that Castiel can’t help but smile as he shrugs out of his shirt. He folds it carefully over the rest of his clothes and begins on his pants. “I believe you wanted me to put on new underwear?”
With that, he turns away to pull his sweater over his head and focus on getting into his Squirtle onesie. Castiel tries
“Because I clip them.” Castiel shrugs and crosses his arms; wings folding flat again. “They’re easier to hide under my coat that way, and the long feathers get in the way. They’re annoying.” And he’s not going to mention his molting, because it’s weird enough to have wings in the first place.
- dirty talk
and Castiel is going to have to decide if he wants to show them his wings or not.
Sam’s isn’t quite finished his hug yet and he squeezes extra hard one last time before he lets go too. “Have you checked your mail yet? Jess and I both got ours today. I’m going to tell Dean as soon as he gets home. He’s going to shit his
He brushes his confidence through the kin-connection to soothe the anxious edges of Dean’s mind.
An extremely realistic fake cockroach bounces off his shoulder. “You
He shrugs and sinks his teeth into the sides of the fish briefly. It stops squirming immediately and he drops it in his bag.
happened today.” He runs his hands through his hair before opening the fridge. “They’re frustrating as hell.
rank could have handled the situation as well.”
Disapproval sears through the kin-connection and Raphael adds his thoughts to the conversation. They’re crisp, clear, and extremely unhappy.
exactly? Does Dean tell Charlie about their sex life? No, he wouldn’t dare. That must have been sarcasm. Castiel knows Dean and he knows exactly how much he wants to have their sexual relationship be kept a
The teachers were the silver lining to Castiel’s dark days living in boarding school. They knew what they were teaching and he enjoyed learning from them. Unfortunately, that’s where the good things ended. His education was just about the only thing that was forced on him throughout his childhood and straight into his junior year of high school that he
He can sense their pending objections and he smothers them both before they can give them.
He also doesn’t want to keep sponging off of Dean and Sam. Two weeks is
?” Castiel glares at the single crutch that Dean managed to dig up from the depths of the bunker. It looks to be near a century old, with the padding at the top faded and cracked.
“Otherwise he’d have one every week.”
“You bet’cha.”
Dean leans in and Castiel mirrors him until their noses touch. He can practically
“I don’t know.” Castiel looks down at his lap and how his hands are folded there. “I’ve never been on a date, so I don’t know what kind of date I would be.” It’s not exactly something that he tries to flaunt, but it’s also something that he’s a bit worried that Dean is going to tease him about.
.” Dean approaches the table with a tankard that he puts down in front of the old man. “What have I told you about botherin’ my customers?”
He brushes the metal rope out of the way and settles on the fold of his tail.
detail-oriented now. There’s no part of Dean going un-touched or un-kissed, or
to know. He’s never going to feel completely satisfied if Cas doesn’t forgive him before they never see each other again. Except that it’s not really something Dean can bring himself to ask for. He
by the way!” There’s a hint of envy in her words.
“Supper?” There’s no clock in his immediate eyeline, but he hopes he didn’t miss it by too long.
“I thought you were already – Oh!” Realization dawns and her gasp turns into a laugh. “I get it! Well, congratulations are in order, I guess.” She glances between Castiel and the focus he has on the guinea pigs. “You looking for kids now, huh?”
They don’t technically
to ask her to.” He lifts his head to wink. “For the record, we
“What tier of friendship do I have to be at to get that information?”
Castiel turns to sit cross-legged on the bed, keeping Dean in sight. “I can’t shower.” He stretches his wings out as he rolls his shoulders. “It would get my wings wet.” And then it would take him ages to dry them afterwards – which is why he usually reserves showering for during his molts when he’s too irritated and itchy to want to do anything else.
Watching the delivery boy repeatedly spank the babysitter while he’s having sex with her leaves Castiel feeling mildly uncomfortable and not even remotely aroused. It doesn’t help matters that he’s finding it nearly impossible to even slightly pretend that there’s a connection between the two characters or even their actors. Do they even like one another? There’s no
He thought he would look ridiculous, but he’s surprised by how good he looks.
The guy’s eyes drop to the front of Dean’s sweater and one of his eyebrows goes up. He turns a little more and gestures down at it. “Now that’s a first.”
’ things. The last thing they want to do is store those and the vibrator improperly and risk ruining them.
But he’s trying to be better.
and it’s not exactly a surprising reaction, but it is pretty interesting.
Maybe his nerves are showing, because Dean pulls Castiel into a quick though thoroughly distracting kiss. “You want practice, Cas? Have you ever tried a sixty-nine?”
things with his tongue? A groan rumbles deep in his chest and he all but melts against the warm body beneath him; his earlier concerns fizzling out temporarily.
“But it’s
Dean's fingers slip out and not more than a moment later, something else catches against the rim of his hole. Castiel knows what it is and his immediate reaction surprises him. A gasp punches out of his chest, sharp and painful as his hips roll back. It's almost like his body wants it even more than the rest of him does. He has to bite back a whine of disappointment when Dean leans back out of the way, taking his heat away with him.
After another moment, Sam holds out his hand with only his pinky finger raised. “Swearsies?”
Dean trails his hands down over the front of Castiel’s shirt until they’re resting over his chest. The moment their eyes lock, a grin spreads across his lips. Castiel wants to question it, but he holds his tongue, waiting to see what’s going to happen. To his surprise, Dean curls his fingers to get a good grip on his shirt. With one quick jerk, he rips Castiel’s shirt open and sends the buttons flying. Dean’s smile is challenging, just
Besides, it’s hard to be nervous about anything when he has Dean’s words of encouragement still circling through his head. It’s not just his parents and Gabriel that he wants to make proud with his marks. It’s Dean too. His praise tastes a thousand times sweeter and Castiel can hardly wait to tell him about his marks when he gets them.
That has Dean choking on his mouthful of food. He coughs and thumps his chest to clear it a few times before fixing his brother with a frown. “Wow, Sammy.
Cas just smiles at them and then nods towards the dock. Jack takes the signal as it is and salutes. “Aye, aye, Captain!” He ducks under the arm coming off the mast and starts untying the ropes that keep them tethered to the dock.
Dean grinds his teeth and sinks his claws into the arms of the bright-fin he’s grappling with now. He focuses on the mind of a different teammates, Brady.
thing. But –”
His blush burns darker and Castiel bites his lip harder. He can
In a rare moment of bravery, Castiel shares that curiosity. Dean moves immediately, sliding forward so he can sit over Castiel’s tail. He leaves enough space between them that there’s no chance for their erections to touch when he leans forward to kiss him. Castiel brings a hand to the back of Dean’s head, sinking his fingers into his hair to keep him in place as he kisses back.
“No, I’m not.” Castiel folds them flat to his back to keep them from moving, and purposefully does
A little smile quirks in Cas’s eye. “Why not? They’re catchy and I like them.” He starts around the edge of the table, heading for the door behind Dean’s back.
like what he said was insulting, but it’s possible that Dean took it that way. In which case, Castiel should apologize. But he waits a moment, just to see if he absolutely has to.
This feels more awkward than when he stumbled upon Gabriel’s dirty magazines while cleaning out the closet for his bedroom. And that’s purely because Dean is
Has Jess been ignoring him lately? Did he lose some friend that Dean didn't know about in the last battle? It can't have been because Dean fought so well yesterday that the rumours are floating around of another pending promotion in the near future. That's
“Well, too bad because I’m going to use the big boy on you.” To emphasise his point, Dean grabs for the bigger vibrator and holds it up victoriously. He taps at the vibrating part that sticks out from the base. “This puppy is going to press in
Clearly he was very wrong to think that he could have a talk with Dean and help him through whatever he’s going through. He also probably shouldn’t have decided to take a stab at Dean’s jealousy like that. Although he will readily accept the blame for that mistake, he will
“Oh, yeah? What is it?”
The only word that makes it through the buzz in his brain is his name. Castiel tilts his head back just enough to look up at him. Dean is flushed from his chest right up into his cheeks and his bottom lip is caught between his teeth. He looks
This had got to be some kind of terrible joke. His family can’t be
“Teleportation spell.” Cas shrugs and follows Dean through the living room and to the stairs. “I’m attuned to your magic, so I just followed it.”
Castiel finishes the thought grimly.
A half-smile lifts one corner of Cas’s mouth and he tilts his head. “You don’t know what demisexual is, do you?”
. He was
Cas is still wheezing with laughter as he tosses the pillow aside. He bundles Dean up in his arms and presses giggling kisses to his face.
“I trust Cas not to turn me in.” He shrugs and steps around Dean to enter the kitchen too. “And I know that you’re trustworthy too.”
Aunt Amara seems shaken, and Castiel wonders if he’ll see her cry. He can’t remember the last time that happened. She’s normally so composed and in control, even when she drinks in excess. But this isn’t something he wants her to cry over, even if she’s happy. They’ve both done
It doesn’t take long for him to try struggling again. At this point, he’s only really hurting himself, but he’s going to damn well give it his best try. It involves a whole lot of snarling and wincing and flopping about on the cave floor, but it ultimately amounts to nothing. The rope doesn’t have any give to it and Dean’s arms are starting to ache from being tensed in this awkward position. He probably looks ridiculous and Swirly-blue must be getting a good laugh from watching him.
For now, the view he has of Dean’s chest is inspiring a
since they grew in. Anna and Aunt Amara don’t count because they’re family. They never saw his wings until they were full grown, and that was after they also moved to Lawrence. Unlike Castiel, however, they both think his wings are beautiful. In fact, Anna has even admitted to being jealous of them. She
With Dean? He was
Would it kill him to just
At this point, it would be easy for Castiel to stretch his thoughts and find Dean’s mind himself, but he always likes to wait until he sees Dean before making the kin-connection. Otherwise there’s just too much excitement to have Dean in his head but not be able to see him yet.
[COMING SOON] |
“Why haven’t you told me about this before?” It sounds like it would help a lot of his anxiety issues about going out in public. Although, it might just replace them with a whole new set of worries about being caught with a fake.
The unbuttoned front of his shirt flaps against his chest as he leans over again to balance for the other leg. It's a true miracle that he's managed to stay standing this long and he didn't just drop back onto the couch to keep sleeping until his absolute last if-you-don't-wake-up-now-you'll-really-be-late alarm. He's been resisting that because he already pulled the sheets and the blanket off the cushions because tonight he gets to sleep in Sam's bed while he stays with Jess and tomorrow he'll be in Dean's while he's at Lisa's. They rotate constantly and Castiel
“Hello!” Jack greets him warmly. “Sleep well?”
And with that, Dean is out like a light, darkness filling his vision and keeping him suspended in slumber.
Sam waves a dismissive hand. “Took care of her. Dylan, one of the hunters that was living here a while back ago- he owes me a favor. I called him and asked if he’d be willing to take her for a few days. The guy loves dogs, he's got a whole place full of 'em. She'll be fine."
It would be so
those worlds.”
Castiel places a hand on Dean’s shoulder, looking him in the eyes as he spoke. “You can’t. I can assure you Dean, wherever angels go when they die… it is a place that not even you can reach.”
Both Jack and Castiel turn around and- to neither of their surprise- the Shadow is standing behind them, now wearing Meg’s face once again.
did that to
And that was all that mattered.
Sam rolls his eyes. “It doesn’t matter anyway. Their parents are dead. They died about ten years ago in a car accident.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dean.”
It’s true that Metatron killed you, but if you didn’t have the Mark, you would have truly died. And not only that, but
“Dean-”
“Did you not hear my last words to you, when Billie was after us?” Cas asks. His tone catches Dean's attention and he finds that Cas looks entirely,
Sam tries to think of the right thing to say, but not much comes to mind. “We have to find Jack. We have to save Mom. But before any of that… you can’t go on like this. It’s alright to be upset.”
Jack considers it for a moment before he nods. “I promise.”
Jack, we’ve been over this. If it’s anyone’s fault it’s mine, I mean
It’s not like he's prepared with a ‘have a deep long conversation about feelings’ plan. But it’s all he’s got.
“Yeah, well we never asked you to protect us,” Dean sternly reminds him.
Dean's smile only grows, and the terror inside him eases- even if only a little.
Again, he chokes on his words. He
“Okay? So it’s not that easy. When has anything ever been easy for us? I don’t care if it’s
Dean, however, isn't so lucky. He tosses and turns uncomfortably in the motel bed. Maybe it's the mattress, or the blankets, or something else, but regardless- he can't get to sleep.
it is and that everyone needs to just go back to sleep. They haven’t paid much mind to him, and Castiel hopes to keep it that way.
After a few hours of restless tossing and turning, he finally decides to give it up and just wait for the sun to rise. This wouldn’t be the first all-nighter he’s pulled and honestly, how can he be expected to sleep right now? After everything?
confused,” Sam says. He looks
give Michael the chance.”
Dean huffs and lowers his shirt once Cas finishes. “Thanks, doc. You gonna write me a prescription next?”
He remembers every second. Every detail of that night. The slight chill of the room. The dim lighting and the way it hit Cas' eyes. He remembers his face- the tears streaming down his cheeks, the last bright, true smile he ever gave him before the Empty came. Dean feels fucked up for even thinking it- but in his last moments, Cas had looked so completely content- and if Dean hadn't been so stunned, if his brain hadn't been going a million miles a minute, he might have realized it then. That happiness looks so beautiful on Cas, and he'd give anything to see that kind of happiness on him again- but this time, with no strings attached. Just the two of them.
This wasn’t how it was supposed to go.
“Thank you,” Jack says graciously. “I mean it. Thank you.”
He just hopes that Cas will let him.
Dean nearly drops his beer. “You’re back.”
walk right out?”
Sam sounded tired. His voice was hoarse, almost like he'd been crying.
he chokes out. "Cas. We... we need him back."
I can’t take it…”
“I love you.” He gently cups Cas’ face, bringing him closer to press his forehead against his. “I love you so much.”
Dean smirks. “That’s a first. After we started the apocalypse more than once, I figured most hunters wanted us dead.”
“I feel him,” he says after another few moments, “I can feel Cas. He’s already awake.”
“Thought so."
now. And he wants to do it a hell of a lot more.
Puzzled, Dean’s brows knit together in confusion. “What about Cas?”
Dean pauses as he’s faced with the sudden question. “What? No, of course not.”
“Not when it came to protecting the two of you.” Castiel looks over at him, an almost melancholic expression crossing his features. “But now I can’t.”
And kissing Cas had only made shit worse. Because he’d liked it- no, he fucking
Dean holds up a hand. “Don’t give me the ‘it’s okay to be gay’ speech, Cas. I get it, I really do. It’s just- you didn’t see how other hunters… how
“No one is saying that!” Sam argues, losing his calm composure at the implication. “Cas is my friend too! I wanna do whatever it takes to save him, so of course we’re gonna try. But… I mean, maybe-”
, I understand. I have been exactly where you are and you
“Everything went fine,” he says later that night over beer and some burgers. “It was actually pretty simple, we didn’t have to do a whole lot of detective work on this one.”
He’s tired. Tired of Sam thinking that he’s some kind of psychoanalyst and that he knows all about Dean’s issues.
“Castiel is one of my people,” Jack insists. “He’s my family.”
“I love you too.” Cas pulls Dean in close as the golden-red afternoon light from the setting sun bleeds into the impala through the windows. “More than anything.”
Sam’s face flushes the way it always has when he thinks about a girl he likes. It's a habit that he's never really outgrown. “We’re not talking about me right now, Dean.”
He then turns to look back at Dean. “You should learn some too. It’ll help you communicate with Eileen better, so she won’t have to read your lips all the time.”
"He's taking too long."
“...Seriously? Already?” Dean gives him a flat, deadpan look.
“I… wait, you mean… hold on-” Dean takes a step back as he attempts to process Sam’s words. There’s so much whirling through his head, so much about why he’s ‘hesitating’ that Sam doesn’t know, yet the only thing he can manage to blurt out is-
“Are you ready to go home?”
Cas looks over at him and smiles widely. Dean ultimately can't resist, and he grabs his hand under the table and relishes in how fucking good it feels after so many years of fighting this.
Cas nods. “Yes. I’ve had plenty of time to think it over. This is what I want.”
Castiel turns to look at him again, and his expression is almost deadly serious. But there’s sadness in his eyes, a sadness that Dean knew had always been there but had never seen until now. “Dean. I want to come home.”
Cas helps Sam get to his feet while Dean pours salt through the hole in the floor, where the corpses of the haphazardly buried children lie. Internally, he sends a little prayer to Jack as he pours the gas and throws the match- and he asks him to get these kids to the afterlife they deserve.
“Sure,” Sam agrees. “No arguments here.”
“I’d love to,” Cas answers without hesitation.
Dean met his eyes- he had only ever felt this exposed in front of Cas once- and it was back when they first met. When Cas had looked him directly in the eye and said
“Hey, whatever happened to your student loan debt?” Dean asks curiously. “Stanford definitely wasn’t cheap and I know dad sure as hell wasn’t paying for it.”
should get the right to choose how to use my Grace?” Cas counters.
“Hey, it’s okay,” Dean says. He doesn't get angry- partly because he already knew- but mostly because he understands. He understands now, more than ever. “Don’t blame yourself- Cas wouldn’t want that. He made that deal because he cares about you, and he’d do it again in heartbeat. You didn’t want to go against what he wanted, I get it.”
“Come on man, I don’t care about that.” Dean waves a dismissive hand. “Tell me about you and Eileen! How’d things go with you guys?”
Sam had always been better with words.
You’re here now, and there’s no strings attached- no deals, no cosmic consequences. And now, I just… I don’t know how to feel.”
,” Dean retorts. He’s not quite sure where it came from, but he’s not surprised considering that this was some weird mental torture chamber that this imaginary subconscious dream-Cas had conjured up. “I just want this to stop. If this isn’t real… if this isn’t the real you, then please… no more. I can’t do it anymore. Cas, I watch you die over and over again, all the time. The same scene plays out in my head again, and again, and again. But you wanna know what’s even worse? Knowing that I couldn’t do anything. Being so powerless, so weak, that I couldn’t even defend you. The one who would die for us without so much as a second thought, and I couldn’t, for once, do him right this time. I think about it every day, but if I’m here, seeing you every night and being reminded that I failed someone that I-“ He pauses to collect himself. Even now, even after Cas has long since died, he can’t bring himself to say the word. The dream-Cas before him looks so much like the real one that it makes him almost physically ill, so saying anything of that sort was out of the question anyway.
you to stop me, more than anything. And in Purgatory- you told me you wanted to stop me. But I know why you didn’t.”
But apparently he has yet to learn from situations like these, as Jack’s expression just... falls. He even looks away- almost shamefully.
Sam nods. “Oh yeah. Everyone.”
I made you feel like you had to stay. And Cas- hell, Cas caring about me
He’s joking- mostly- but Cas still frowns. “I don’t know how many times I have to say it before you understand. Me losing my Grace wasn’t your fault.
Dean turns to look at him- only to find him asleep on one of the beds- and using Dean’s duffel bag as a pillow.
“And you think that with your humor and your wit you can hide from it and pretend it doesn’t bother you but I
was unexpected, I gotta say. A real plot twist!”
Castiel had told himself a long time ago that he had accepted that Dean would never feel the same way, and was content with whatever Dean could give him. Despite this, hearing those words come from someone who looks and sounds like Dean doesn’t help those feelings stay buried. He keeps himself focused on the sharp bitterness of the Shadow's voice to remind him that it's not Dean, it will
"I want you," he repeats. "I've tried for years to tell myself that it's not true or that I shouldn't. But fuck that. I want you so fucking much. I wanna wake up with you, and go to sleep with you, and I want to kiss you whenever I want. I wanna take you out and do all that stupid gross couple shit with you. I don't- I don't just
“I’m happy you did it,” the Shadow continues. “I’m glad you made that deal. Because now Sam and I don’t have to put up with your sorry ass anymore. We can finally get on with our lives without you dragging us down.”
“I’d really appreciate it if you could not just pop in while I’m changing clothes, man.”
He’s not sure what possesses him to do it- but he does it, and he’s so damn glad he does. He falls into it so easily. Cas smiles against his mouth and brings him back in to kiss him again.
“Whatever, dude. Don’t use all the hot water.”
Dean kisses him again the next night when he joins him to help with washing the dishes.
He’s not quite sure what true freedom means yet. But as long as he’s got Sam and Cas with him- he thinks he might have a chance at facing it.
Jack, who had been looking out towards the abundance of people now swarming the streets, turns to face him. “I’ve done what I can here, without interfering too much,” he tells him. He fixes his gaze onto the two of them. He looks far older than he should. “I don’t want to repeat Chuck’s mistakes. His problem was that he was too invested in his own story. I don’t want to become like him.”
“...Dean?” he asks tentatively. “Is that really you?"
of being denied by the universe- and the sting is worse after finding out that it's not really "the universe" that's been fucking him over all his life- it was an insane egomaniac with
. Everyone feels that way. But don’t you
“Well, congratulations. Now you know.”
Dean wants to tell him. It’s sitting on the tip of his tongue. About how other hunters looked at people they even
“...It’s nothing to be ashamed of,” Cas says quietly.
“...Yeah,” Dean says dumbly, now going along with it because, well- he dug himself into this hole. “Definitely not gay.”
There was still more they had to talk about, more that needed to be said. But Dean was here now, and he wasn't going anywhere.
"I know it's 'interfering' or whatever, but..." Dean forces himself to push his name out of his mouth,
“If it’s what you want, we can pretend I never heard anything, and go back to normal,” Cas says. “But please don’t make that decision until you’ve heard everything I have to say.” He meets Dean’s eyes. “Please. Just… just hear me out.”
going to leave Cas there. He
Nonetheless, Cas remained firm on his stance, refusing to waver despite Dean's odd silence. “And don’t give me the ‘I’m not worth it’ crap. I’m pretty sure we’re past that, aren’t we?”
, Dean,” Cas urged, his voice twisted with an oncoming sob that he was trying so desperately to hold back. “You don’t have to choose me, or Sam. I want you to decide that you are worth trying to save. I want you to choose
him to mean it. He just couldn’t allow himself to think about it, because thinking about it made it real.
“Is this real?” he asks once the credits of the movie start to roll. “Am I trapped in some djinn dream? Or in some crazy alternate universe?”
it feels too much like coming home.
If Sam and Dean were with Jack, that could only mean one thing: that they had won. They saved the world.
The portal seals itself shut and vanishes, and silence settles in the bunker's kitchen. Jack is smiling-
“Hey! I thought I heard Miracle in here.”
Dean nearly jumps out of his own
Cas nods. “Really.”
came back to you. We never would have done that if we didn’t care.”
“No,” Cas says, far too quickly to sound innocent. “No. Nothing at all. I was just… looking over Dean’s injuries.”
“I'm not-“ He paused to sniffle. “I’m not sad. I think I’m just… really happy..? But I don’t- I don’t know
He has a history of not staying asleep whenever he ends up here, much to the Shadow’s annoyance. A part of him wishes that this time he had been lucky enough to stay asleep this time.
to suffer. He
Was he dreaming? Had he somehow- in this pit of madness- fallen asleep again, even though he swore he wouldn't? "I... this... this has to be-"
“No way, man. I’m good.” Dean turns to finish pushing the buttons. “You don’t need to use your Grace unless it’s an emergency.”
The energy in the room changes, now that it’s just him and Cas. They’ve been sitting at the small table in front of the window for the past hour or so- and Dean can tell that Cas has been waiting for a moment to speak to him without Sam in the room.
“No.” Castiel answers. “This is Paul Miller. 34 years old. A liar, a gambler, and a would be thief. He’s failed at every endeavour he’s ever tried and died trying to hold up a gas station. The register contained one hundred and seventeen dollars, and eighty seven cents."
“I know, this is strictly recon, and between you and me I doubt it’s anything. Ever since we took care of his little ghost problem he’s called us for all sorts of things. Last strange noise was his furnace giving out. I think he’s just lonely.”
Sam smirks.
“H-how, what, what are you doing here? Where have you been?”
“What is it?” she signs.
“I enjoy helping people, some more than others.” Meg laughs as Castiel continues. “Checking in on humanity, bringing people home. It brings me solace.”
Mary stands on her chair and helps Dean gather up his chips.
“Please stop screaming.” Castiel says to the man on his knees in front of him.
Dean tentatively touches the lapel of Cas’s trench coat. He rubs the fabric between his finger and thumb.
“I can’t breathe,” Cas says in a muffled voice.
Dean raises his cards to his forehead, “eyebrow.”
“Cas it’s so good to see you!”
The bells over the door chimes again and a deep voice yells out, “Hey! Drop the gun!”
“How was your vacation?” Jack asks.
Thank you for all the kind comments and kudos left on my last chapter!
Sarah looks up as a wave of fresh air reaches them. Dean looks up too and sees a man in a trench coat coming in the door. His heart stops for a second before he recognizes Doug, Sarah’s husband. Doug rushes over to their table giving Sarah a quick kiss before sitting down. She leans against him. Their intimacy is quiet and comfortable. If Dean feels a small tug in his stomach he ignores it and takes a drink of his beer.
Mary runs to the living room and comes back with two candy canes. One for Doug, and one for her. Dean gives her a look.
“There you go, when in doubt find some mistletoe,” says Dean.
“Doug’s bluffing,” Mary says.
“No she’s not. But she could be...eventually. Please I didn’t have a choice.”
“Not yet.” Mary Winchester answers. She is intensely watching her uncle’s hands. Fascinated by the delicate work.
“Shut up, you big softie.” A moment passes before she asks, “have you ever visited him?”
Meg rolls her eyes at Castiel’s words. Paul looks up and his face contorts in horror. He lets out a blood curdling scream.
Castiel visits heaven to spread some Christmas cheer, but even among friends he is haunted by a loneliness that he can't shake.
Paul looks up into the bluest eyes he has ever seen. The eyes belong to a handsome man in a trench coat. His hand is still resting on Paul’s shoulder. The man is looking at Paul with a mixture of affection and disappointment. His father used to look at him like that. He really hopes this guy is not a cop.
He cranes his neck trying to see past Dean. The person behind Dean comes into view. Sam walks towards the entrance, pushing past his brother.
Cas tilts his head and squints at Dean. “Of you? Dean Winchester, you are the one thing I have always been sure of. But...if this is too much for you, or not what you want…” Cas attempts to take a step back, but Dean grabs onto the trenchcoat holding him in place.
Dean gives Sam’s leg a friendly slap and heads up to bed.
Sarah looks from the drawing to Dean, a concerned look on her face.
Claire leads Cas into the library, where everybody gets their turn to welcome him back. Sam feels a tug on his hand and looks down to see his daughter Mary staring at him with wide eyes. He picks her up.
“Shit,” he mutters to himself.
“Yup. Re-started Santa’s heart right in front of a group of terrified children.” Sarah replies.
After hesitating a moment longer Paul takes it. “Please don’t take me to hell. I can do better. I promise.”
Mary grins and holds up her drawing. It kind of looks like a triangle with a circle on top but if you knew what you were looking at you could tell it was an angel. An angel with dark hair and blue eyes and big black wings.
Claire approaches the pair, “if or when I decide I’m done with the hunting life or whatever, I know who to talk to.”
A soft smile appears on Dean’s face. “The family business,” he says mostly to himself. He applies a bandage over the stitches and then gets up to wash his hands.
Meg interrupts him with a playful smack on the arm. “I know that Clarence. I’m just teasing you. I mean how’s a girl supposed to compete with a love that rewrote the entire universe.”
Sam stays where he is, not taking his eyes off of the library entrance. Claire enters holding hands with her girlfriend Kaia. She looks at Sam standing tensely.
“Sure.”
“I’m not being weird. I’m just waiting for Dean.”
Dean takes a deep breath. He could do that right? Say hello and tell him how he’s doing. It was Christmas after all, the perfect time to reach out to old friends. Yes he desperately, selfishly, wants Cas here, but if there was one thing Dean Winchester is good at it’s burying his true feelings deep down. Dean wipes his eyes and takes a few steadying breaths. He brings his hands together and closes his eyes.
“You didn’t.”
“Anything for my favourite sister.” Dean leans over and kisses her on the cheek. “You kids have fun, and don’t worry I’ll even get Mary to eat a vegetable.”
“He wrote his number on my cup,”
“Of course. For as long as you like.”
Before Paul can finish his sentence a loud crack rings out. Time seems to slow down. He knows he is about to be in a lot of pain, but the pain never comes. Instead something grips his shoulder strongly and pulls him back.
“Well how was I supposed to know that?” Dean tickles the baby’s feet. “Huh, Lily. I’m not psychic.” Lily kicks her feet and gurgles happily.
“Glad I caught you. Would you mind swinging by the O’Leary farm on your way? The old man called and is complaining about strange noises coming from the barn.”
“They’re good. Jack, well Jack is amazing. As for Mary, she said the only thing disturbing her eternal peace was us,” Cas says gesturing between himself and Dean.
“I don’t think poker is appropriate for children,” says Doug.
Sam enters the library carrying a huge turkey, “who’ll be here.”
“How is everyone?” Sam asks.
“Meg, what have I asked you to call me?”
“Your holding hands.”
Dean only grunts in response. He knows the wound looks worse than it actually is. It’s the what ifs that bother him. Claire has grown up a lot but she could still be reckless. She reminds him too damn much of himself.
“Of course you are.” Doug says. “They just know you’re unavailable.”
“That’s your Uncle Cas.”
A thief meets his fate as Castiel makes a house call.
“Don’t dent my kids.”
“Yeah. I want the girls to know about him, and Jack, our whole family.”
“Good. Now even though I’m a grown ass woman,  I’m going to go assure all my other parental figures that I’m fine.” Claire pauses at the doorway before leaving. “Thanks for the patch up.” She’s gone before he can respond.
“You prayed to Jack? About Me and Cas?” Dean asks.
“I didn’t, I didn’t want to intrude on the life you have built for yourself.”
Dean sits at a table rolling his cold beer between his hands. Sarah and Dalbir talk back and forth leaving him be. The bar is fairly crowded with the usual Saturday night crowd. It’s warm bordering on stuffy, but thankfully there is a cool breeze every time the door opens. Dean is lost in thought, he is remembering his first night as a full fledged paramedic. Things hadn’t turned out the way they had today. They had gotten a call about a homeless man collapsed in an alley. It was so late that it was practically morning. The cold rain had poured down on his head, leaked under his uniform, chilled him to the bone. A chill passes through him as he remembers.
It’s Monday afternoon and the bunker is filled with activity. No longer the quiet refuge of the Winchester clan, it is now the home base for any hunter who needs it. There are hunters in every room, researching, eating, grabbing supplies, and sleeping. The place is decorated head to toe with a mishmash of holiday decor brought in by all the people who now consider this their home too. Even the infirmary is filled with Christmas lights, and there is a tree in the corner tipsily leaning to it’s left side. The amount of bulbs and tinsel on the tree invoke a feeling of overindulgence. Dean Winchester sits in front of the tree, frowning, as he stitches up Claire Novak’s upper arm.
“Another what?” Dean asks.
“Is this heaven?” Paul asks.
Meg sighs. “I can’t deny it. He really knows what makes these former meat bags tick. Gabriel is good at his job.”
“Another of our trainees is hot for teacher.” Sarah says. “It’s always you. I’m hot too!”
Jack places his hand on Death’s shoulder. “Don’t worry, you won’t be seeing them for a lifetime.”
“Dean, would that be such a bad thing?”
Mary considers this. “Probably not,” she says scooping up the cookie and running out the door.
“Fine, don’t start dinner without me.”
“People don’t like being eaten by dinosaurs.” Castiel says pointing at Paul who is now cowering behind the couch.
“Do you mind if I crash in the guest room tonight?”
Claire shoves Sam out of the way and punches Castiel in the shoulder. Cas smiles at her and opens his arms.
“Yes, I suppose I am.”
“Weirdly.”
Paul stands up. “My gun wasn’t loaded. I wasn’t going to hurt anybody I swear!”
“Don’t worry short stuff, Hell is a very exclusive place these days.”
“Oh yeah, have fun.” Sam signs and says with a smile.
“Hey Sammy, Merry Christmas!”
“Are you an angel?” Paul asks her.
Doug crosses his arms and sulks.
Claire smiles back at him. “Well old man, I’m still having fun.”
“Yeah yeah.” Claire ducks out of the hug. “And you can talk to me too, you know.” She pauses and looks Dean up and down. “You’re okay right?”
“This is my Uncle Cas!” Mary says excitedly. “He was Daddy and Uncle Dean’s bestest friend in the whole wide world. My Daddy told me all about him.”
He had known the guy was gone when he had started CPR but he still gave it his all. Even if you can’t save them all you still have to try. His compressions were stiffer than they were today. He still had to count under his breath back then. Maybe if they had been a little sooner. His partner made him stop. Maybe if he had been a little stronger. He walked down the alley to take a moment for himself. He sensed her before he saw her. Tessa the Reaper, looking much more lively than when he last saw her, hand in hand with the man he’d been working on. She smiled at him. Told him that there were big changes going on on the other side, thanks to Jack and Castiel. She said he would be proud of them, that they were proud of him, and then she was gone. He hopes she was right.
Mary shakes her mop of blonde hair. “I’m going to be like you Uncle Dean. Helping people, fixing things.”
“W-what was l-l-lost, will be fo-found.” Mary holds up the tiny fortune in triumph. “What was lost, will be found. What does that mean?”
“I eat lots of vegetables!” Mary protests.
Claire hesitates but then throws herself into the hug, “took you long enough to get here.”
“Hey there princess.”
“Well God is your son, don’t you have a free pass to do whatever?”
“Oh right.” Sam stands up and clinks his glass with his fork. “I just want to thank you all for coming. Don’t worry I’ll keep it short. We have a heck of a lot to be grateful for this year. It feels like we’re finally making a real difference, and I’m just happy we can all be here together.” Sam raises his glass. “To family.”
“Mistletoe is a very important Christmas thing,” Mary says seriously, “if you find some he’ll have to kiss you.”
“Are you sure?”
“You know you can stay any time.”
Mary bounces up to the group with a shaggy dog close on her heels. The front of her shirt is covered in crumbs and dog slobber.
Sarah yawns, Doug looks suddenly very interested in his candy cane, and Dalbir looks down at his hands.
“Ha.” Claire responds.
“Hello Meg.”
“Good night?” Dean asks.
“Cas?” Dean lets out with a gasp.
“Yeah.”
“Nice, smooth,” says Dean.
“I know you do. Oh sweetie, I didn’t mean to strike a nerve.” She says and pats his arm.
“No, no, no, hey, Cas I didn’t say that.” Dean takes a deep breath.
“Don’t kink shame little brother.”
“No,” Dean shakes his head and stares at his beer, “no, I haven’t figured out a way to do it that’s not just begging him to come back.”
Unseen Jack observes the gathering before him. His family together and whole. What a miraculous thing they are. All humans really. Sure they could be ungrateful and break your heart, but they could surprise you too, with their love and kindness. The way they changed every day in little ways and big. Jack thought of his predecessor often but he still didn’t understand him. Why Chuck needed control and supplication when he could have just enjoyed his creation. Maybe he was afraid they would outgrow him. Jack hoped that they would. Jack would never become Chuck. He didn’t believe in interference, but he could give a little nudge every now and then.
Meg takes his hand and squeezes it. “Castiel, I never thought I could be more than what I was, but then a fallen angel saw something in me worth saving. You helped me unlock parts of myself I thought Hell had burned away permanently. Nothing is written in stone in the world you and Jack have created. If you find a way to get what you want, take it. I want you to be happy.”
This stirs Dean out of his revery. He gives Dalbir a supportive pat on his leg. “You were great kid. Kept your cool, jumped in when needed. You got this.”
Dean wraps his arms around Mary. “I love you too.”
The woman who once was a demon and was now something else sat beside the angel who was also Death (the last in a line of many titles). They both had jobs to do but they sat together until the last bits of colour left the sky and the stars came out. There was time for a break. After all, it only lasted a moment.
“I’m not lecturing.” Dean glances down at the wide eyed four year old hanging off of his knee, “am I lecturing?”
Mary lights up. “Of course silly! I made it for you.” She throws her arms around Dean’s neck. “I love you Uncle Dean.”
Cas looks back at him, “you didn’t call.”
“There’s math, matching, human psychology, all important life lessons. Don’t be a sore loser,” Dean says.
“No dinosaurs got it.” Gabriel walks over to Paul, pulls him up, and wraps an arm around him. “Come on let's get you settled. We can have a drink and you can tell me all about your likes and dislikes and I’ll figure out how to help you become the best you you can be.”
“Today was eventful.” Castiel says.
“From your understanding, yes. We should go.” Castiel says to his charge.
Paul glances up at him. “Go where? Hell?”
“Fine, but after that no more sweets.”
“I know.” Castiel holds out his hand. “It’s time to go.”
“So, Uncle Cas,” Dean says.
“Dalbir needs his pocket money so he can flirt with the cute coffee boy who works at the Starbucks across the street from the hospital,” Sarah teases.
“Dean…”
“You’ve got a whole army of Reapers at your disposal, you don’t have to make house calls.”
“It’s hard to explain but it’s not a bad hurt. I think it would be good for me to tell you about him. I think it would help.”
Sam wraps an arm around his brother’s shoulder, “don’t worry you’ll always be her favourite.”
“Wouldn’t dream of it. You’re a lifesaver!”
“No.” Castiel says firmly. “I will not abuse my power. I did what I set out to do. Humanity has to forge its own path now and I will not mess it up.”
“Well, can we start doing that?”
It doesn’t seem fair to Dean. After all the hell that Cas has been through- does he not deserve to have what was stolen from him? He wishes, more than anything, that he could give Cas his wings back- give him back everything that he lost because of him.
Dean digs through the duffel bag they brought along, pulling out the salt, the gas, and the matches- however before he can get it to Sam, both he and Cas are suddenly thrown back across the room. They land together in a large heap against the wall, and the door snaps off of its hinges in response, tumbling to the ground.
Perhaps this is what Jack meant by not understanding, but believing.
Cas leans in to cup his cheek, his touch soothing him almost instantly. “After a long life with you. And with Jack handling things upstairs- I have no reason to be afraid anymore. And neither do you.”
Cas has somehow found a way to shift this back onto himself. “Don’t apologize,” Dean tells him. “I’m not mad at you for saying how you feel. If anything, I’m mad at myself for not saying anything back to you.”
decide to invade his head.
“Yeah, it's just- these past few days... I don't know, I just haven’t been able to sleep right.” He walks over to the fridge, pulls out a beer, and then sits down next to Dean. “...Uh... am I interrupting something?”
“...It’s not that simple, Dean,” Jack finally says after another moment of contemplative silence.
Dean can see that Castiel is broken. Shattered. Everyone can. Sam, Metatron, Crowley-and most of the other angels. The angel has been stripped of his grace more than once, endured seemingly endless suffering- and for what? To be beaten to the brink of death by the very man he was trying to protect? It’s these thoughts, and so much more, that has brought him to the door of Cas’ room. They had gotten into yet another fight. Cas could’ve killed Metatron. And he didn’t! He let the bastard live. But, then again, who was Dean to talk? He had just let the
Cas stands up as well- defiant and so very
the parents,” Dean argues. “There was no sign of forced entry- and this cabin is way too close for this all to be a coincidence.” He turns to look over at Cas, who was lurking around in the corner, searching for any sign of where the bodies could be hidden. “Right Cas?”
Sam rolls his eyes. “I’m not saying you
He’s tired of walking on eggshells around Cas. Because as much as he hates to admit it- Sam is right about one thing. A heavy weight looms over him and Cas when they’re alone and Dean knows that it won’t go away at this rate. He also knows that Cas didn’t mean to put that kind of stress on their relationship- he hadn’t expected to be saved, nor did he ask for it.
“Well, while I was looking around for jobs, I got in touch with one of Bobby’s old friends- Jason Richards.”
would feel."
“When you were human, did you dream?” Dean asks. He doesn’t really know where the question came from but it’s there now, out in the open.
He can't tell him the truth, and he can't lie to him either.
“Didn’t you at least try?”
Jack nods, recognizing the thick tension growing in the room. “Of course. I’ll wait for you in the kitchen.”
“Sam and I didn’t do much,” Dean admits. “Jack was the one who did most of the work.”
“We’ll come with you,” Sam offers. “As backup. Or- you can just stay here. Keep the portal open while
“The groceries can wait until we save Cas,” Dean says firmly as he sticks the food into the microwave.
“Dean!” Sam calls out, rushing over to him. He dips down and slips his arm underneath him, hoisting him up. Dean staggers to his feet, searching around the room for any sign of the girl or the other two kids.
“Jack might not answer.”
“They were worried that a fight would wake everyone up, and they’d never be able to get back to sleep," Jack clarifies before his eyes suddenly widen in realization. “Oh- and because of this.”
Dean nods. “...See? Cas gets it.”
now. You’re the most powerful thing in the universe right now- the Empty should be running from you with their tail tucked between their legs, right?”
“This house is pretty tiny,” he notes. “It’s more like a cabin, actually. Maybe we won’t have to split up after all.”
“It’s safe now,” Jack declares after a moment. “You can open your eyes.”
The Earth has practically been reborn, and Dean can feel it.
Dean narrows his eyes. “Do you? Because so far, all I’ve seen is you and Jack trying to make excuses for why we should let Cas rot away in the Empty.”
“Her name is fitting,” Cas notes as he scratches her ears.
Realizing that he'd been far too loud, Dean checks back over his shoulder to be sure that Cas is still sleeping, then steps forward, meeting Sam’s curious look. “Yeah. Cas’ deal? With the Empty? His 'moment of happiness'? It was
He looks out towards the setting sun, and prepares to go back inside.
Castiel eyes them warily, then smirks knowingly. “Yes, well- it seems your luck has run out. Pardon me for saying so, but this place is in shambles.”
“And, I just… I just want this to work. For Cas, and… and for you.”
“Yeah, sure, I’ll tell him to pack a bag- but what about Miracle? We kind of have a dog now.”
, he was stammering like a lovestruck schoolgirl. He felt like he was in a bad romcom, with the way he was stuttering and blushing. “I’m fine. It’s just… this is why I hate goodbyes, you know? Everything we’ve both left unsaid for years comes up and now… now I…”
Cas just sighs. “...Forget it. Let’s go.”
He's hope. Belief. Merciful. Kind. Everything a god should be.
Dean feigns cluelessness- like
"He's had his God powers for like two days, Sam. Not even that."
“Uh... no offense Jack, but vanishing isn’t something you’re a stranger to,” Sam says bluntly.
has (oddly enough, he seems to only have this issue around him). He’s just accepted that that was part of Cas and, truthfully, he didn’t mind it as much anymore. He decides to start with one of the most prominent questions on his mind. Although it probably was not the best way to start off his apology. “Why’d you let Metatron escape?”
"Yup. I don't think the other Bobby has those kind of connections here."
Cas blanched, his heart dropping into his stomach. “What has he done now?”
“Cas,” Dean started, setting his beer on the counter. “What are you-“
“Wait a minute- how’d you know it was
“I’m not talking about that and you know it.”
“Listen to me Dean. I understand. More than
“It gets worse. Keep reading.”
Cas smiles. “Yes.”
When Jack's eyes open again, they're a bright, burning gold. And Dean realizes then that this wasn't just a transfer of Chuck's power- Jack has taken that power and made it his own. He's not just Chuck's replacement. He's a new being entirely.
Cas follows him and stops him before he can open the door. “Dean, wait. Please don't go. Look, if you’re... if you're forcing yourself to say something- don’t worry about it. You don’t have to say anything.”
He curses, stumbles out of bed, gets dressed as quickly as possible, and lets Miracle out, knowing that she probably desperately needed to use the bathroom and was waiting for Dean to wake up and let her out.
“...Sorry,” he says through a mouthful before setting the box down onto the table. “I’ve always liked that one the best.”
Despite how much a part of him screams at him for it, Dean wants to give it to him. He wants to wake up every morning next to his stupid smiling face and kiss him senseless and make him breakfast. He wants to do all that gross, cringey couple shit that he used to laugh at and call pathetic years ago.
Not that it really mattered anyway. No shooting star could grant his wishes. Hell, not even God himself could.
. I am
The Shadow raises their fist and Castiel feels searing pain ripping through his body in waves, from his head all the way down to his feet. He falls to his hands and knees, fingers clawing at the blackness underneath him, screaming out in agony as the Shadow takes clear pleasure in his suffering. In the very core of his being he can
“You haven’t been to a doctor’s appointment since you were..." Sam pauses to think it over, "what, maybe ten? And that was only because Bobby got fed up with dad never doing normal stuff for us.”
now anyway- it's not like he can refuse him anymore. Yet for whatever reason, Jack still asks for permission like he in any way has to ask anymore.
Angels don't get happily ever after as a reward for good behavior. There is only
Their resolve crumbles as they finally break, collapsing into a series of chuckles. “You know what? Fine,” they choke out through unhinged laughs, “fine!
. Who’s to say he won’t destroy Cas the same way?
“So what, Cas?!” Dean finally breaks, his voice cracking along with the poorly constructed dam inside him that had been holding everything in for so long. “You just gonna sit here and list out all my problems? I know, okay?
involved in things like this, so I don't have any reason to suspect anyone else.”
. How could I
“Cas is gone.”
“He’s not at our beck and call, Dean.”
“...Should I be taking notes?” Cas asks humorously as Dean hands him a fork.
“Cas, I’m sorry, but that’s not gonna happen.”
don’t you?” the Shadow taunts. “I mean, you sacrificed yourself knowing more than likely that that was the end for you, but ever since you got here you’ve had hope that maybe Dean cares enough about you to try and save you?”
“Our justice system at its finest,” Dean says flatly. “Hey, their folks might still be kicking. You think maybe if we just go shoot them both in the head, that’ll make ‘em stop?”
got Mom killed,
“He was, but he said he could feel the door giving. He said that it could break at any second and that he didn’t-“ Sam paused to gather himself, briefly casting his eyes down at the ground. “He
be Dean.
“Don’t lie to me, you look like you’ve been all hopped-up on happy juice since you walked in,” Dean says teasingly as he takes another large bite of his burger.
. Everything that makes you an angel. And you’re just… giving it up?”
“...Alright,” he finally says. “But we do this first thing tomorrow morning, okay?”
fault. He woke
Sam pointedly reminds him. “Anyway. I’m leaving tomorrow, meaning that you and Cas are gonna have the place to yourselves for a few days. So if you two haven’t worked out your crap by then, I’m kicking you both out until you do.”
Dean jumps as he turns away from the vending machine to find Cas standing behind him. He'd gotten his own room for the sake of giving Sam and Dean their privacy and allowing them a chance to sleep, though Dean guesses that he shouldn't be surprised to find him out and about at this hour. “Son of a bitch, man. You don’t even fly anymore, yet you
“I know,” Cas says, voice full of certainty. “But I’ve made up my mind. I want a life with you.” He then holds up the vial full of swirling, bright blue Grace- and Dean notes that it’s connected to a silver chain. “And I’ve already had Jack assist me.”
“So you really did it?” he asks. “You fixed everything?”
That being said- he never gets anywhere, and he never falls back asleep. It's like going in circles.
And Cas kisses him back.
“Metatron was right, Dean.” Castiel says after a moment of comfortable silence. “I’m broken.”
“That’s impossible,” Jack says, shaking his head. “The Empty is an infinite void of nothing. Humans can’t navigate it. I have to be the one to go find him. No offense, but you two just aren't strong enough to take on the Shadow by yourselves- and I'm pretty sure they won't just let Cas slip out."
“I understand that you feel responsible for what happened to me as a human. That’s why you want to fix my Grace. But while it’s true that my experience as a human the first time wasn’t pleasant, that doesn’t mean that my view of humanity has become tainted. I faced many hardships while I was human. But I also saw the world differently. I saw just as many beautiful things.” He smiles and it almost looks bashful. “I saw
Dean’s eyes go wide as he hears the word
“No. Now
Dean almost wants to laugh. “Figures. But at least Bobby vouched for us.”
This time, it’s the other two- twin boys, and by the looks of it, identical twins. They’re holding hands and their round, bruised faces are cold, devoid of any emotion. Dean knows rationally that they're far beyond saving, but that doesn't stop his heart from aching for them.
Dean looks over at him helplessly, and doesn't say anything. How can he, with Cas stealing every breath he takes when he looks at him like that?
and I was scared and confused and I didn’t know what to say. I thought it’d be better if I just- stopped it before it started. That way I couldn’t ruin it.”
Dean says through a breath. “Fuck, man, I didn’t even- have you talked to her?”
“Cas,” Dean gasps out, trying his best to keep his eyes on the road and not on the angel that suddenly appeared beside him. Not that it matters much anyway; it’s all a dream, after all.
“No,” Jack answers. “I don’t have that kind of power over the Empty- not even Chuck did. Everyone will have to go back to sleep on their own. But I think that can be our distraction.”
For a while, they’re silent. Occasionally Dean would stroke Cas’ back, and Cas would return the affection by running his fingers over the top of Dean's hand. They remained in their intimate position; Dean holding Cas against his side. Cas moves his head closer to Dean’s neck, and Dean could feel his cheeks flush at the sudden contact. The two broken souls were only left with each other. There was an emptiness that both of them felt, but neither of them could heal. Not even Castiel, who could usually heal anything with a simple touch. The two of them know it, too. That all that he, Dean, and even Sam have, is each other. There's nothing else to hold onto anymore.
“I’m alright,” Dean says. “Let’s save the Grace for when you’ll really need it.”
Cas settles down once more. His breathing slowly begins to even out, but for some reason, the tears won’t stop flowing. A part of him hates to cry so freely in front of him. He’s the one that should be strong for Dean.
It wasn’t supposed to end like this.
He comes running into the kitchen a few minutes later after letting Miracle back inside, and his eyes go wide when he spots Sam and Jack sitting at the table, Sam holding a coffee mug and Jack holding a mug of tea. Miracle comes walking in shortly after, heading over to greet Sam and Jack.
“That won’t happen,” Cas reassures him. “Not with Jack in charge. I won’t ever be going back Dean, regardless of when I die. That I’m certain of.”
It’s not paradise. Far from it. But it’s different. A
Dean swallows nervously. He can feel himself start to perspire as he sits himself on Cas’ bed. “Well uh, there’s a few things I wanna talk to you about, if you have a minute.”
Jack nods and takes a step back. “Thank you.” He draws in a deep breath to focus himself. “This may take a while.”
He didn’t give himself time to hesitate. He pressed his lips to Dean’s in a rushed but fervent kiss. He poured everything he felt into it, everything he wanted to say, he said with the heat of his mouth. It would take eons for him to tell Dean everything, and Dean had always appreciated actions more than words. He could only hope that this would be enough.
“Right, right.” Sam waves him off. “You know believe it or not, we’re actually better off than most people- at least financially. Most people have to pay mortgage or rent, a car payment, student loan debt…”
“I’m gonna miss you guys a lot when I’m gone,” Jack says idly as he looks around Dean's room. “I’m gonna miss being here with you guys. This place is my home.”
Dean nods and motions for Sam to follow- but after he turns back around, he’s met face to face with a young girl no older than 14, with a bloody nose and ratted brown hair. The girl’s face contorts into a look of pure, unadulterated rage, and before Dean can swing his iron rod at her, the girl tosses him effortlessly, sending him flying across the room and slamming hard into the wall. White hot pain shoots up his back and Dean slides down, a loud groan slipping through his clenched teeth.
“I’m aware,” Cas says. “I told you Dean- I’ve thought it over. I understand that there are certain luxuries I’ll have to give up. But I believe it’s well worth it.”
that you and the others have. No bad memories, nothing she regrets- other than failing to kill Dean Winchester.”
of this fair? Stop
Sam leans back and folds his arms over his chest, clearly amused. “So what, you’re too good to work like everyone else?” he asks, smirking.
to stay,” Jack says as he fidgets with the hem of his shirt. “It’s just that- I don’t sleep, so I’m not sure what I’d do all night…”
He watches as the cogs work in Sam’s brain. He can pinpoint the exact moment that he figures it out- Sam's brows are practically touching his hairline by the time he puts it all together. He’s grateful that he doesn’t have to go into further detail.
Cas’ eyes widen to the size of saucers as he looks up at Dean. He waits patiently to hear what Dean has to say, his heart pounding a mile a minute. “And not just for Metatron, but… everything. I’ve said things… did things… that I really regret. I’m sorry, man. I turned my back on you when you needed me, and I-“
Cas nods and spares one last look at Dean before tilting the vial up and letting the Grace pour into his open mouth. His eyes glow a bright blue, and both Dean and Sam take that as their warning sign and promptly close their eyes as a blinding flash of light illuminates the room.
“Dean.” Jack stands up and walks around the table to place a hand on his shoulder. “It’s my fault that Cas is even in this mess in the first place. I owe it to him to do this- and I can’t imagine how he’d feel if something ended up happening to you. How
too sure of himself. “I don’t get why you two are being so weird about this. You know how Cas feels about you, so why are you hesitating?”
The next day comes, and they don’t talk about it. But Cas looks at him differently now, and Dean
Dean draws in a shaky breath, opens his mouth- preparing to blurt out anything and everything along the lines of
waiting for them should their infinite lifespan come to an abrupt close. Darkness. A regretful, restless, unending slumber. This was always to be Castiel's end, yet the thought hadn't ever even occurred to him. As a soldier, the image of angelic perfection- the idea of death seemed so preposterous, because there was no other creature strong enough to stand up to them. Demons of varying strengths would come and go, but in the end they were never a match for the might of Heaven.
Jack shakes his head. “It was nothing. Regardless of what I am now… you raised me. You’re family. And that's what matters more than anything.” A sheepish look crosses his boyish features. “I know that this counts as ‘interfering’, but… I think it’s okay if I only do it a little bit. I don’t really know yet. I’m still working out this whole ‘God’ thing.”
“That’s… that’s not true-”
“How did you guys get out?” Sam asks. “I gotta be honest- I was expecting you guys to come back in rougher shape.”
Dean doesn’t know why this is happening. He doesn’t know if his brain is just playing a cruel trick on him or if Castiel is really speaking to him through dreams. But right now, he doesn’t care. He can see Cas like this, and it makes the days less painful and easier to get through.
