,” Tony repeats, aggressively.
of the flash of hurt that passes across Steve’s face before he shuts it down.  “Fuck you.”
“Yeah, it’s pretty obvious advice,” Tony says.  “It’s just - what do I say?
.  Jesus, Cap, how many pounds of gingerbread did it take?”
Tony rolls away, stares at the ceiling.  “They needed me.”
“True, you might have to fight off a few of those girls,” Stark says, joining him at the railing.  “They won’t want to let you go home alone.”
“Those PSAs undermine themselves,” Steve said.  “Who knows if that stuff we’re telling them is even accurate?  When I was a kid, they said cigarettes were good for our health.”
"No offense, Dr. Banner, but you're small potatoes," Steve says truthfully.  "A scientist who hasn't even been in the game for a year or two - that's not gonna get me promoted.  I just need to know which operations Blonsky's running that call for - for specialized talent.  Men who are more than just hired guns, men who - "
“That’s psychobabble and I resent it,” Tony says.  “Look, the short version is, I screwed it up pretty much immediately, no surprises there.  It’s probably for the best.”
“I guess there’s something to be said for operating outside the law,” Steve says, and Miss Romanov treats him to a smile.
know?  This is supposed to be a surprise, should I be expecting it to show up on Twitter?”
He chopped some more.  Cooking, while not exactly Steve’s favorite activity, did at least keep him busy.  And while absolutely nothing besides maybe (
After a silence, Bruce says, “So anyway, I’m guessing you’re going to get a call from your PR team.”
Tony slides the lighter back into Steve's pocket.  "Anything else on the list?  Base jumping without a parachute?  Learning to knit?"
,” Steve said.
“Good, because it wasn’t supposed to be subtle.  I was going for blunt and unmistakable.”
“Okay, yeah, it’s bad.  But when I started looking for you I kinda thought I might find you somewhere worse than this.”
“It’s funny that you think I would wait for an invitation,” Fury says.
Tony sends Steve a tight smile.  “Thanks for asking about our plans.”
!” Clint snaps, and Stark puts his foot on the gas so hard that they all slam back into the leather seats.
“Just the quiet retirement I was looking for.”
“Why would someone do this?” Steve says, walking around the frozen image slowly.
Steve pressed his lips together.  Considering it was coming from his subconscious, this line of questioning wasn’t exactly a surprise, but it
Steve jumps back so fast he nearly loses his balance for the first time since the serum.  He spins wildly toward the door; in the bedroom, Tony’s butler stands behind a cart piled high with food and looks completely unconcerned at the fact that he just found his master with his hand down another man’s trousers.
“Nobody’s saying anything,” Bruce said quickly.
“I have to tell you something,” Tony says.  “A couple things, actually.  The first one is that I’m a jerk.  I mean, you knew that, obviously, I just want to make sure you know I know.”
“I know you don’t,” Tony interrupts smoothly.  “But that’s what friends do, right?  Looks like you’re up.”  He claps Steve on the shoulder and joins Sam along the wall with the PAs, who all skitter away nervously, like they think maybe he’s going to bite them.
“That seems like a matter for the courts to handle,” Steve says neutrally.  “Why don’t we spend some time talking about all the good work being done by the people of New York to help their friends and neighbors who have struggled since the Blip.  There are so many charities that are in need of - ”
Until he started talking back.
Natasha freezes.  She spins toward Clint, in his usual position by the door, and sees him cock his head toward her.
kind of secretary,” Miss Potts says with a laugh, and Steve ducks his head sheepishly; he
“It was only a matter of time,” Natasha says, kicking one of the nearest fighters between the legs so hard that Steve winces.
“Edgar gave me a tour of the cellars,” Tony said.  “There were samples.  I’m in a good place.  Is Thor around?”
“That makes it sound
“And you’ll really follow me?”
Bleecker.
Clint grinned.  “Or both.”
“That is the most likely scenario.”
“Good plan,” Natasha said.  “Edgar makes a great quiche.”
Still.  Tony’s also… if not exactly one of the good guys, maybe not quite one of the bad guys, either.  Steve slides out of bed, careful not to disturb the other man, and follows the trail of clothes back to the french doors.  He opens them gently and steps into the early-morning sunlight.
“What are we talking about?” Clint asked, his and Thor’s battle to the death over key lime deliciousness apparently resolved.
The idea makes Tony’s stomach roll over.  He closes his eyes until the spinning slows down and then leans back against the wall and cracks an eye.  “Where’s Rhodey?”
“Whats up?” Clint said, joining Tony and Steve in the hallway.
Tony raised his eyebrows and bucked his hips a little sharper.  Steve held Tony’s eyes as his dick sank all the way into Steve’s mouth, and Tony wasn’t kidding himself, he wasn’t huge but he definitely wasn’t
Steve frowned.  “Like what?”
“For me?” Steve says, surprised.
Steve leans in close.  "I don't mean him any harm, ma'am.  I think he might be able to help me."
“I heard that,” said Tony, who was carefully attaching a snowmaking machine to the back of the Mark XXV.
"Perhaps he believes deeply in temperance," Odinson says seriously, and then throws back his head and laughs.  "I've no idea.  He's a man of mystery."
“Not as vivid as you think,” Tony said.  He licked his lips, and Steve couldn’t help but watch.  When had he gotten close enough for Steve to think something like that?
The kids all glanced at each other and snorted.
Pennsylvania’s quiet - still quiet, even with the other half the world back in the picture.  Pepper doesn’t want Morgan to grow up in the city.  It just wasn’t the life they’d pictured for themselves, when they’d shut down most of the company and moved away.
“He’s fine,” Tony says.  “But I need something from you.”
but -
“Holy shit,” Clint said.  “He played you!  Steve Rogers played you!  Wait, if I sit on that guy’s lap will you get me a Maserati too?”
He goes in early to work in the morning and straight home in the evening and catches what sleep he can in between.  He doesn’t even consider going back to the Black Widow until Wednesday, when he arrives home to a note written in Miss Romanov’s neat cursive:
“I feel fine, thanks for asking,” Steve says dryly.  “Did you come to give me a hard time?  Because these two have it covered.”
"Yeah, and you know Glenlivet's operating again, right?"
“Uh,” Steve said.  “Yes.  He’s here.”
“I can’t imagine I’ll be interested, but we’re in no rush,” Pierce says indulgently.  “Go on.”
“And you’re part of the team again,” Pepper says, and it’s not a question.
“Process’t fast,” Bruce mumbled.
“Is this what you texted Sam about earlier?”
feeling this morning?”
“It maybe freaked me out the absolute tiniest bit,” Tony admitted.  “But what freaked me out more was that I might have messed up and missed a step somewhere.  I don’t want to miss anything with you.  I’m kinda trying to get it right.”
Steve came marching out of his room, stood uneasily at Tony’s side until he looked up, and then said, “I don’t think I’m supposed to be here.”
“Facial recognition software,” Tony says.  “Or whatever.  It’s legal.  Don’t worry about it.”
“I don’t need you to - ”
Steve whirls around and catches an approaching fella in the gut; he doubles over with a grunt, and a man down the hall holds up a Tommy gun.  “Duck!” Steve yells, and hopes to hell that Stark hits the deck as bullets fly.
“And here I thought you’d be hungover.”
“Are you eating
"So," the bartender says cheerfully, "what's a law enforcement officer like yourself doing in a place like this?"
.  He screams and jumps backward, patting wildly at his chest, and crashes into the next room.
Steve whirls around to see Stark, his hip cocked against the bar and a sly grin on his face.  "Pardon me?"
“And here I thought you were too concerned about the
"Oh no, nothing so boring," Natasha says, smiling and running her nails gently down his belly. "Clint and I have an arrangement. A mutually satisfactory agreement. He likes to watch, and I like to play. Neither of us are into jealousy. Or pain," she clarifies, withdrawing her nails. "But I can see you're ill at ease, so I'll let you take your shower."
“No, Steve, I told you I’m in love with you because Thor dared me to,” Tony said, throwing up his arms.  “Jesus.  Of course I meant it.  I should have said it a long time ago but I blew it then and I blew it now and so it’s officially fully blown, can we get back to baseball?  I don’t actually care if we win or lose, either way I have an excuse to spend the evening with a bottle of scotch but we have to finish before I can get to that part, so can we pick up the pace a little?  Great, thanks.”
“Look, just admit it,” Tony interrupts.  “Your job is more important to you than we - than our mission is.”
“Because that’s who you are.  You’re the responsible one.  You’re like a dad, but with muscles.”
“It didn’t freak you out?”
“Jesus christ, I’m not doing a speech, would you all shut up?” Tony said.  “I just want to say thanks to whoever cooked because I ate the last frozen pizza for lunch so I would have been hungry otherwise.  You guys suck and I hate you.  Let’s eat.”
“How can you have too many toothbrushes?” Bruce mused, but Tony was already gone.
“Every day - I’d think how if it was just possible, I’d walk right back into her life and make it work out the way it was supposed to,” Steve said.  “Leave it all behind, live a quiet life, finally get that dance.”  He paused at the crest of a hill, gazed out at the city lights.  “But maybe this wasn’t the way it was supposed to go at all.”
“I think I’m probably as close as we get to IT,” Tony says.  “Which, wow, lucky for you all, have you ever seen an IT guy who looks like this?”
Bruce could get by in the kitchen, but everything he made was sad and screamed “bachelor” and “on the run” and Tony tried not to think about it too much.  One day Tony came home to find Bruce heating up some ground beef that he’d bought
“Uh, did you guys forget this is my place?” Clint said.  “You think you can just skinny dip in my pool, use about a million of my towels and then eat all my nachos?”
you - ”
“We made this mess,” Tony says.  “We have to keep fixing it.  They - ”
“Apparently.”
“I know you’re thankful for
“You’re welcome,” Tony said automatically, and then rewound and continued, “wait, what do you mean,
"You know this guy?" the Hawk says, jerking his head at Steve.
“Hey, the night’s not over yet,” Tony said.  “There’s still one more surprise.”
“Your optimism is exhausting,” Tony said.
“Is what helping?”
“Yeah,” Tony said mindlessly, angling his hips to meet him and scrabbling at the bedside table for lube.  “Let me - there we go.”
“He said,” Steve says, and hesitates.  “He said to watch out for you, actually.”
“You’re famous,” Steve says, “everybody knows who you are - ”
“Somehow I don’t think so,” Natasha says.
“So I’m gonna go try to make my mouth acceptable for human habitation, and maybe we can hang out later?”
Steve stares over the bar into the cracked mirror for a minute, then turns back to Banner.  "Dr. Banner, forgive me for saying so, but you're... familiar with Blonsky's work.  Intimately familiar, even.  Am I correct?"
“Then what’s this about?”
“Why hasn’t anyone gotten you out yet?” Steve said.  “If you can talk to us - ”
“I meant it’s hard enough for
And he stepped forward, cupped Steve’s cheek, and kissed him square on the lips.
"Not physically," Bruce says.  "I mean, you can, but we've pretty firmly established that won't work."
“That’s why I’ve brought you here today, son,” Pierce says, and for the first time he turns and looks at Steve head on across the backseat of the car.  “I tried to warn you, but you didn’t get the message.  This balance that I’ve created, it’s delicate, and the other night it was disrupted once again.  And, let me tell you, Mr. Vanko wasn’t very happy.”
“The view is helping,” Natasha said.  “You?”
Because the food was… good.  No, dammit.  It was better than good.  It was
“Your usual room is made up for you, Miss Rushman,” Edgar said, and Tony choked.
“I wasn’t going to ignore an all-call.”
Except, of course, for the mid-afternoon delivery of a dark blue Maserati with red and white interior.  It even had a bow on top.
overbearing parent,” Clint said.
“I don’t think you have much to complain about on that front,” Steve said, which was nice of him.
Sam sets down beside him and stows his wings.  “The semi was empty, and the trailer was moving some kid up to his dorm room at Villanova.  Cops find anything?”
“That’s not what I - ”
“And an unfortunate tendency to accept non-traditional payment,” Natasha added.
Steve leaned against the dresser and smiled wryly.  “A surprise, huh?  Is it hidden under the bed?”
Steve would come by before the team meeting, maybe swing by the workshop, walk up to the conference room together.  You know.  Just to say hi.
“You like… what, exactly?” Tony said, because he was an
test it on kids at the academy, they usually just kept them around the lab until it wore off,” Natasha said.
Miss Hill nods sympathetically.  “I’ll see you in the morning, Agent.”
Like always, they still count it a win.
find Banner, the man shut down as soon as he started asking questions, and there's no reason to believe he might open up now.  It's not worth the risk, Steve decides firmly.
“I really didn’t think I was that hard to read,” Steve says with a wry half-smile.  “I know what I’m getting into, Tony, and I think you do too.  If we’re making a mistake, we’re making it with our eyes wide open.”
“They weren’t even that bad compared to the average,” Steve said miserably.
“Couldn’t wait any longer,” Steve breathes.  He presses Tony up against the wall and kisses him like it’s urgent, like it’s all he’s been thinking about since they last saw each other, not that Tony would flatter himself to think that’s true.
“Oh, please tell me this is what I think it is.”
we talk about?” Clint said.
“So you’ll take what you can get,” Tony said.  “Man.  You used to hang out with actual gods.  Aliens.  You know a talking raccoon!  Bob from accounting has gotta pale in comparison.”
“Little cold, but I guess you’ve felt worse.”
When Steve wakes up, Tony is still there.
But it turned out Tony was none of those things, and so as they got to the top of the stairs Tony turned around and said, “Do you - ”
“There she is,” Pierce says warmly, like a man greeting a dog.  “Our busy little lady.  You’ve gotten yourself into all
“Nice try, kid,” Tony says.
“Long as we have a getaway vehicle.”
“That was a terrible speech,” Thor complained through a mouthful of chicken wing.
“I wouldn’t say that, sir,” Rogers says, his voice clear as a bell in the dim room.  Clint’s face contorts, and Stark rears back so quickly that he almost slams into the wall.  “I just came here looking for a lead - ”
“If you say so,” Steve says, and without another glance back, he walks to the edge of the warehouse and jumps down, lands on his feet and walks toward the road.  Tony watches him, but just for a minute, and then he flips the face plate down and shoots into the sky.
“If you’re actually an adult, you probably have an ID,” Natasha pointed out.  “You can buy your own beer.”
“They heard Stark’s gun go off in Queens,” Natasha says.  “He’s gotta be compensating for something.”
“A winery,” Clint said.
“I don’t think my radioactive teeth are a problem for anybody else,” Bruce said.
need anything?  No?  Then shut up and eat your pizza.”
, Tony- ”
“Yes, sir.”
?” Tony said, lifting an eyebrow.  “I haven’t turned anything down before now.”
?” Tony snaps.
“Unfortunately,” Bruce said with a wince.
Steve pulled back and opened his eyes.
“I think Nat went out to pick up a pie, so we should be okay.”
“Pretty nice, right?” Clint said smugly.
Stark and Banner beat them back to the Black Widow, and they’re already sitting at the bar helping themselves.  “Is that my good whiskey?” Natasha asks, arching an eyebrow.
“Let’s hope so,” Banner says, holding the door open for her.  “Oh, no - ”
Tony used to work all the time because he didn’t have anything better to do, except party and sleep with supermodels and jetset around the world and whatever.  Now, he has a lot of better things to do, like hang out with his kid and help Peter with his physics homework and tool around with his ragtag band of crime-stopping hooligans, but he works all the time anyway, because he is, in the words of the Washington Post, America’s #1 Job Creator.
Stark glances at it meaningfully.  "Your shoulder.  You know, the one that got stabbed last night?"
“You’re right, babies wouldn’t be so destructive to my kitchen pantry.  They eat like
“Add it to your list of accolades,” Steve said.  “Are you okay?”
Steve stared out at the sloping fields and rolling hills and didn’t reply.
“Water?” somebody says.
“Of course I can prove it, but it’d be helpful to know who I was accusing.  Friday, keep combing the footage for more inconsistencies, and start running the names of witnesses.”  Tony smiles broadly at Steve, more confidently than he feels.  “We’ll find something.”
There’s a crowd of cameras outside the public entrance to the Stark Tower garage, and even though Tony could easily go in the back he thinks
Natasha and Bruce disappeared immediately afterwards, separately or together Steve didn't know and would never ask, but Tony wanted to eat, so Steve went with him to the private back room of some restaurant that Tony said used to be his go-to for after all the times he'd been subpoenaed.  He watched Tony eat an entire steak and listened to him talk about the work he was doing on the Milano while he downed glass after glass of expensive scotch.  Just as Steve was about to suggest they head back to the jet, Tony finished his last glass, put it down firmly, and said, "I want to blow you."
Steve snorts, shakes his head.  "You heard me.  After what you've done, you’ve got some nerve thinking you deserve her."
"You sleep here."
, but when he looks at Steve he sees that that’s not it at all, because Steve looks just as unhappy about it as he does.
Steve was unloading a bag of groceries when someone said, “Uh, hi.”
“No matter where you are in time, it’s like you can’t help but put every goddamn thing on your own shoulders,” Tony said.
“You want to
“Good enough,” Tony snarls, and kisses Steve so hard it hurts.
“No,” Bruce said.
“What kind of example would I be setting for the country?”
y what you like.  I’m a scientist, Cap, I can’t help it.”
“Nice, right?” Steve said, gesturing to the water.
“No, you didn’t,” Steve grumbled.
“You mean we’re not throwing punches at each other outside terminal 2?  It’s been a lot longer since then for us than it has for you, you know.”
They stand side by side, watching Peter give the official statement.  Someone coming out of a nearby Starbucks takes a picture of them.  A taxi honks at a pedestrian staring at a tentacle-induced hole in the road.  New York keeps moving.
“Okay, I can work around your schedule.”
"No." She pulls away, just enough to look him in the eyes. "Now you listen. You've been warning me off you since we met, but since we met you've also seen me fight an entire room full of made guys, fend off multiple hostile takeover attempts on my bar, set Tony Stark up with what I think might actually be a genuine war hero, and I'm also pretty sure you watched me with my bartender and my security guy at the same time. Unless that wasn't you in the stairwell that night, in which case," and here she ducks gently to catch Bruce's gaze again as he squirms, "I also sleep with my bartender and my security guy at the same time. Whatever you're hiding from me," and here, she has to do the gaze-catching trick again, because he's swiveling around the room like he wants to hide under the furniture. "
“Perfect,” Tony breathed, and kissed him.
“Friendly my ass,” Tony muttered.
Tony’s finally setting the last flipped Prius right side up when he sees Steve slam the door to the van shut and head back toward his bike.
“That’s pretty cool,” Steve says, and turns to Tony.  “Should I - ”
It’s just so
“Nothing,” Tony says, snapping his head around.  “I mean, yeah.  What?  So drop the class.”
Steve rolls his eyes and swallows Tony down, and doesn't call Tony out on the lie when they spend the whole night in New Hampshire, pressed together under the blankets and watching snow out the window.
“That’s what I thought,” Tony said.
“This conversation has escaped me,” Bruce said.
“Right,” Steve said.  “Good plan.”
Steve glanced around.  “Nope,” he said, and went back to his brussels sprouts.
“You own a
Steve started up he steps.  “My new place.”
“Oh, shit,” Clint said, putting something behind his back.  “I mean, hey.”
, Sam replied, and that was
“We received an anonymous tip,” Fury says.  “We think they may be connected.”
"Sorry, do you prefer Netflix and chill?"
be happy.”
go into the past and risk a catastrophic disruption of the flow of the entire 20th century just so you could get laid, but - ”
“Yes,” Steve said.  “Except I don’t want to talk, I want to have sex.”
“I have to take this,” Tony says, swiping through notifications as they pile up and walking blindly out of the room.  “Friday, situation?”
“I don’t read minds on demand.”
The neighborhood was quiet this late, just the occasional car backfire or snick of a window shutting to keep out the mosquitoes, but Steve didn’t hear any of it for blocks over the rushing in his ears and the pounding of his heart.  He didn’t hear anything, really, which was why he nearly jumped out of his skin when Tony said, “That sounded pretty terrible.”
“It does create quite the tonal contrast with the cape,” Tony said.  “But I think I’m good.”
serious?”
Steve’s disappointed, and relieved too, all at once, and he shoves it all down by throwing himself into the middle of two of Killian’s men.  It’s a pretty bad plan and it shows: one of them lunges at him and gets a grip around Steve’s neck, and the other pulls out a pistol and aims it right at his face.
“It’s good to air out the house once in a while.  What’s the use of a childhood home if you can’t use it to get your friends drunk once in a while?”
“Do we know another Cap?”
“And I’m sure the years since have been good to you.”
“We don’t live together,” Steve said.
“Oh, wait,” Tony says theatrically.  “Wait a second.  I feel like there might be some other people who know what that feels like.”  Tony shakes his head sadly.  “Too bad you don’t know any of them.  Imagine if there was somebody you could actually
The gin joint is empty when Steve pokes his head inside, dim and hushed like a cathedral. Or a crypt.  He runs a finger along the bar and it comes away clean.  The only sign that the place was just 12 hours ago a hotbed of sin and sinners is the lingering scent of moonshine and the scuffs on the floor.
Steve turned to look at him slowly.  “Where did that come from?”
.  They were sixteen, maybe a tall fifteen in a few cases, and while Tony was relieved they’d all taken it in stride when he’d told them they were actually adults and, oh yeah,
, “and - ”
“You heading back to the office?” Steve says.
“Can you imagine trying to date Tony Stark’s kid?” Steve says.  “I don’t envy that sixteen year old.”
“I put them down too hard.”
He nods, claps Steve on the shoulder, and turns to go.
a story that’ll make the papers.
“Caring about someone isn’t always enough.”
“Well, that’s a relief.”  He puttered around the kitchen, wiping down the clean countertops and rearranging the fruit bowl, and when he turned around, Tony was still there.  “What do you want from me?”
“Jesus,” Barton says when Steve steps into the light.  “What the hell happened to you?”
“You and your long and storied history of self-sacrifice,” Tony said.
"No."
with them.”
“Well, gotta love honesty,” Tony said with as broad a grin as he could manage.
“Because the people I’ve done Thanksgiving with don’t always, you know, stick around, and so I’d rather just skip it sometimes, right?  But, uh - I don’t know, you guys showed up and we saved the world and then you moved in and you’re still here, so I guess that’s something.  So I guess I’d have to say I’m thankful for that.”
“Good,” Steve says.  “I’m good.”
The metal shears off with a screech, and then it’s just Tony’s face, pale and drawn with blood seeping out of a cut from over his eye, and Steve hasn’t lost a soldier in a while and this one - this one -
“Do you think he’d be a happy drunk?” Tony said.
“Maybe he has an alert set up for
“Hello?”
Rogers swivels around dubiously.  “You all really want to do this?”
“You make up rules all the time!” Clint argued.
It’s funny, Tony thinks, how quickly the world moves on.  In the week since Beck, he’d gotten an earful from Rhodey over dinner, a mildly threatening voicemail from Fury, and absolutely nothing at all from Steve, not that he was expecting anything; a few days ago he was the most hated man in Manhattan, and now he can walk down the street with hardly an iPhone hastily snapping pictures in sight.
“So,” Clint said, “let’s go around the table and say what we’re thankful for this year.”
“Nothing,” Steve says against his lips.
“So you’d rather just glare at those french fries like they killed your pet bald eagle.”
“Taking a few swings at somebody probably made them feel better.  I know it always does for me.”
Steve grins.  “In that case, I’m game.”
“We don’t even know it’s possible to help me,” Tony said.  “What I did was pretty stupid, and bringing me back might, I don’t know, destabilize the entire spacetime continuum.”
“What the hell is going on?” Steve snaps in his ear.
“Maybe.”
Natasha opens her mouth, and the second set of gunshots takes the wind out of her sails. She barely holds back a wince.
“What matters is that the agents got there before anybody got hurt,” Natasha said smoothly.
“Just throw him the plates, we have a hundred more,” Steve said, grabbing a new plate out of the cabinet and whirling it in Clint’s direction.
“Are you really FaceTiming me right now, Lang?”
“All systems go.”
He takes a left at the canned peas, and the second door is there, right where his source said it would be.  He tries the knob, and it turns easily and opens into a dingy staircase that nobody's cleaned in a long while.  It's dark, and Steve wonders for a minute if they're open, but then he hears it - the clink of a glass, the low murmur of conversation.  He's in the right place.
and Tony can’t help but follow him.
“No idea,” Tony says as they take off.  “Friday, you got it from here?”
Now it's Clint's turn to look dangerously empurpled. "Get upstairs, woman," he growls at her, and crowds her heels the whole way there.
“Morgan’s awake,” Friday says.
Morgan asks Steve a million questions during the drive out of the city, everything from where he grew up to what kind of pizza he likes to how old he is.  “I’m 40,” Steve says.
“I know, but I kind of want to,” Tony says.  “Come on.  I’m being nice.  Just let me do the thing.”
“No such thing as unlisted,” Stark says, and Steve can just
The next time Tony texts him an address it's in LA.   It's already 1 am in New York and he's pretty sure Tony's drunk, if the number of typos and the wide variety of emojis is any clue, but Steve wasn't going to sleep anyway and it's not like he doesn't have access to a Quinjet, so.  He texts Tony back a thumbs up and Tony sends him back a bunch of things that he's pretty sure are meant to be inappropriate but that Steve doesn't think would be decipherable even by someone who hadn't grown up during the Depression.
“It’s a date,” Stark says.
“You wanna put a little something behind it, Rogers?  My granny coulda hit that pitch,” Bucky crowed.  He threw Tony a glance over his shoulder.  “If I were you I’d talk to your pitcher, cause if he throws another one like that I’m gonna swing and I’m gonna hit it right outta the park and you’re gonna lose this game.”  He winked.  “Just a little friendly advice.”
“About yourself,” Tony interrupts.  “You may have forgotten I pretty much have a degree in self-loathing.”
“Boss,” Friday says, and flashes the time on his screen: 8:45 am.
“Hey, Bruce and I set the table,” Clint said, passing the biscuits to Natasha.
“Don’t worry, I’m used to all the attention,” Steve said, and winked.
Steve laid still while a truck rumbled by outside the window.  He thought of all the times Tony had talked to him over the years, the things he’d brushed off, the things he’d ignored.  He wondered why Tony had kept coming, why Tony had kept
“Track both,” Tony says.  “I’m grounded for another couple of minutes but I’ll meet you in the sky when I can.  I’ll have the local cops do a sweep of the grounds, maybe they’re still here.  Cops are on their way over, Spidey, cover up.”
“Happy’s very discreet,” Tony says.  “He’d have to be, working for me.”
Tony threw his head back.  “You’re gonna have to stop saying things like that or this isn’t gonna last nearly as long as I’d like it to.”
seem to be flirting sometimes.  And even if he
“It wasn’t about anybody,” Steve says irritably.  “I was supposed to be trying to make him angry.  I was saying the worst things I could think to say about - ”
“I’m sorry, does Stark think he can just summon people whenever he wants?”
His fingers brush against her lips. The cigarette. "Here."
“Sounds like it,” Natasha says.  “Wait for - ”
“Hi, is this the Avengers hotline?” he says.
Steve snorts.  “Somehow I doubt that.”
“Even though everyone knows speeches are important prior to a battle,” Thor said.  “Just like feasts.”
"Once in a while," Barton says.  He grabs a glass of whiskey and settles down in a chair gingerly.  "It's usually not quite that fun."
“It’s definitely your place, it’s nobody else’s place, actually.”
“Sure,” Tony says.  “Not like I was doing anything else at 2 in the morning.”
you have that ass?  No fair.”
annoyed him in the future.
.  Where we can see each other, and how often, and when we can
“Yes you were,” Natasha said.
“Support?” Odinson asks.
“You’d go to therapy for me?  Aw, Cap, I’m touched,” Tony said.
“What are you saying?” Odinson says.
“Yeah, whatever,” Tony says, and Scott looks between them and then backs away, because Scott Lang may be a lot of things but he’s not a
She notices, in a clinical sort of way, that Banner has left his hat at the bar. She's not going to run it up after him. She's not going to get involved. Banner may be tall, and he may have the lips of a Roman statue, but that doesn't mean Natasha is going to go upending her life to be his minder. He can help them cut the mob down to size and then be on his merry way, and that's fine with Natasha. That's perfectly fine.
“Drinking age is 18 where I come from,” Steve says.
be Tony Stark stumbling into the Opus Suite with a blonde on his arm.  It’s a purpose-built trap, custom made for just one target, and sure, if he’s wrong about what happens next there’ll be some explaining to do to Pepper and Rhodey and, oof, Steve, if he cares, but his reputation can take the hit and anyway Tony doesn’t think he’s wrong.
Steve smirks.  “Eyes on the road, Stark.”
“Are you kidding me?” Steve said.  “Leave ‘em.”
“Repulsors and attitude control are stable.”
“Seems like it’s pretty obvious,” Steve said, grunting as he set it down, ornaments and all, next to the fireplace.  “It’s a Christmas tree.  From the Palace.”
“ - but anything we should be, y’know, worried about?”
“Sure,” Tony says.  “I’m good.  Why are we saying good so much?  I feel like we’re saying good too much, do
“I’ll clean them up
"Would you like to watch that?" she asks. "Watch his big Nordic balls bouncing as he pounds me? See him pumping his white load all over my ass?"
“Nobody had to,” Bucky said.
Tony lets out a breath.  “Got it.  That, uh - okay.  I think I understand what you’re saying.  What did he tell you?”
?” Tony said.  “This is a
it to be a thing?”
They ride the elevator up in silence, and Tony goes straight to the bar.  “Friday, anything hot?”
Clint grinned.  “Can you get me a beer?”
“Where’s your party hat?”
“Sure,” Steve says, but Tony’s already gone.
“I just wanted to,” Steve said, and stopped.
Steve laughed hollowly.  “Can we not?”
“Uh,” Tony said.  “Okay.”
a challenge.  Not that we’re dating.  Hanging out.  Being friends.  Whatever.”
"The Hawk?" Steve says.
“I was literally a wanted criminal for several years,” Steve said.  “The bar is apparently not that high.”
.  Not just your regular, run-of-the-mill, marriage is hard
And that's when Banner comes out of no where and slams into the man holding the knife.  He goes down
book knew he did.
Tony ignores him.  The hatch closes behind Steve, and the engines roar to life.
“Come on,” Tony says.  “You never think about it?  Really?”
“Every day,” Steve says.  He smiles, just a little bit, that smile he puts on when he’s thinking about something he can’t do anything about.  “She always kept us going.  No matter what.”
“No, but I heard there’s talk of you getting voted off the board of your own company for sinking money into job creation projects that’ll never see a penny of profit.”
“I should hit the hay,” Tony said, leaping to his feet.  “Big day tomorrow.  Planning.  Plotting.   Saving the world.  The usual.”
“And,” Steve said, “is it a
“It wasn’t a speech,” Tony said.  “But if you
“Of course it’s not,” Odinson says, and winks, and Steve follows him back into the bar, that good post-fight feeling disappearing as fast as the gin in the glasses of the Black Widow’s best customers.
“It’s a general education requirement these days.”
“I mean,” Tony says, “to look at the tapes again.  If you don’t have anything else going on, of course.  We could see what Friday’s found out since we left, maybe something’s turned up - ”
“I don’t know if I’d call it
“I was actually expecting it to be worse,” Steve says.  “It barely even looks like it was condemned by the city just last week.”
“I don’t think he’ll mind,” Steve said, pulling it out of his pocket and taking another sip.  “And if he does, he’s not here to mention it.”
“You are a curse on my life,” Rhodey said, and hung up.
“I kissed you when I thought you weren’t real,” Steve said.  “And speaking of things I did when I thought you weren’t real - ”
“You pay for it, I’m happy to use it, Stark,” Barton says with a smirk.
, J, something better be on fire or getting invaded, I am
He finds Tony in the kitchen, sitting on the floor surrounded by a deconstructed toolbox, a tipped-over bottle and the remains of what looks like the inside of a computer.  "You're here!"
“What do you want?” Tony murmurs in his ear, and Steve says, “
Or: “Seriously, Cap, you have access to time travel and you decided to be an
, Tony thinks.  He always thought his marriage - when he’d imagined having one, which he mostly didn’t - would fall apart because of something dramatic, something spectacular, something
“You guys took ten years off my life,” Tony said.  “You ran away, you screamed, you cried, you ignored all the rules that I put in place to
“Shut up,” Steve sighed, but the worst part of it was that Tony was his subconscious, and that meant he already knew that Tony was right.  “It was my fault.  I didn’t - I don’t have any friends, I don’t care about my job, I don’t - all I have is her.  And that’s too much to put on any one person.  I should never have put her in this position.”
Steve looked up, surprised.  “Hey.”
“I don’t have any interest in intimidation tactics.”
“In a splash-off?  I’m pretty sure I could ta - ” Tony said, before he was cut off by a literal tsunami.  “Okay, Clint’s gonna have to refill the pool if you keep that up.”
She leans in close, until her voice is just a breath in his ear.  “I like to think I know myself better than that.”
“Actually, Sam bailed on brunch,” Steve says.  “He had a sleepover with a friend.”
“Understandable,” Coulson says.  “But we happen to know a little about what the six of you have been getting up to in your off hours, and we have a feeling you might be interested in the support we can provide.”
"I hope not," Natasha says, and pulls Clint's tie from its clip. "I want you to see him go down on me first."
fair of me to take advantage of your inability to, you know, control what you said.”
Steve wanted to say something else, it was right there on the tip of his tongue, but in the end he just went back to his paper.  It wasn’t good form to talk to a hallucination in public, anyway.
“Well, I’m glad to hear you didn’t think it was a year-long one night stand.  They say you’re smart, after all.”
,” Steve said.  “Please don’t stop.  I’m already so close.”
“God, no,” Stark says.  “For one thing, I don’t have the time.”
“Asshole,” Tony muttered, smacking him with a pillow.
“I won’t have to go,” Steve said, to the room at large.  “This is going to work.”
It’s only fifteen minutes before they hear the door from the deli swing open, and they all go quiet until Clint and Thor thunder down the steps.
is give Tony a list - based on known locations, geo-tracking, technological prowess, and a healthy dose of pure randomized speculation - of people who could plausibly be responsible for the elemental “monsters” that has everybody so riled up.
“That is depressing.  I’m depressed,” Tony said, flopping down onto Steve’s couch.  “Are you still convinced I’m a hallucination?”
“Yeah, you did,” Steve said.  “And just a head’s up, telling someone about how many other first kisses you’ve had literally
Banner stops short when he sees her.  A raggedy towel is draped around his neck.  "Hello," she says.
going to get tired of that mouth,” Tony breathed, and then Steve’s thrusts went erratic and he came in hot spurts over Tony’s hand and stomach, and that was pretty much that as far as Tony was concerned; his vision went black around the edges as he fell over the edge, Steve’s groans still in his ear.
“I was actually thinking about how I’d prefer not to perjure myself in a court of law, if it ever came to that,” Rogers says, and throws back his moonshine.  “Criminy, Miss Romanov.  This is strong stuff.”
“I don’t consider this arguing,” Tony said.  “I prefer the term ‘friendly debate.’”
thinking something’s up?”
“Nope,” Tony said.  “Rock bottom was that off the rack suit you wore when you testified in front of Congress in 2012.  It was tragic.  Whole websites went up overnight to protest it.  The Dow lost five hundred points - ”
“How has no one killed him yet?” Natasha said wonderingly.
“That would be pretty nice,” Tony agreed.  “I’d like to get my hands on you.  All over you.  God, I’ve thought about touching every part of you.  All that muscle, strung tight, so tense, just for me.”
Steve frowned.  “So how’d I get so big?”
“Yeah, but I want to hear you
“That’s both terrifying and a huge turn on,” Steve said.  He dropped his forehead against Tony’s.  “This isn’t how I pictured this happening.”
“I told you the solution to that, I
.  “I think it may actually be very much my business.  You and me, I think we might be looking for some of the same things.”
saying.”
“Nah, that’s enough existential dread for one day,” Tony says, standing up.  “Thanks, Doc.  Do you bill my insurance?”
“So,” Steve says.
“You’re not going to let this go, are you.”
And then backs up quickly, so fast that he slams into the bar.
“Fuck,” he groans, and it echoes around the marble room.
Steve snorted.  “I don’t seem to remember you being so eager to go to sleep.”
"I just can't believe you smoke."
he wants to protect us from.  Could that
Steve blinks.  “You want to
“And now you want me to take a look,” Tony says.  “Send over everything you have and maybe I’ll forgive you for forgetting to send my invite.”
you - ”
“Steve,” Tony said.  “Seriously.  Nothing has to change here.  We can keep going exactly like we always have.  You tell me about your problems, I give you shit, I disappear and we do it all over again a few weeks later.  It’s nice.”
“When have we ever had Congress on anything but a need to know basis?” Tony said.  “Seriously, I can’t believe you would deny me this.  He’s turning 105.  How often do people turn 105?”
Clint stayed up all night playing video games, which wasn’t actually that unusual for Clint.  In fact, teenage Clint was the most like the adult version, which was somehow both a burn and not a burn at all.  Clint helped with the dishes, spilled cheetos all over the couch, told Bruce his glasses didn’t look too big at all and he shouldn’t worry about it, and somehow found the bow that Tony had confiscated and set up a miniature archery range in his bedroom.  Tony really, really liked him.
“I saw it on the news like everybody else,” Barnes says.  He keeps looking around furtively, like he expects somebody to jump out from behind the nurse’s station.
“A few,” said Peggy, who had recently requested several million dollars of funding directly from the Secretary of Defense.  “Shirley, do tell me all about the charity banquet you’re putting together.”
“So you do have a plan,” Natasha says.
Tony watches the three hundred thousand names scroll by and sighs.  “Dopey, start cross-referencing every name on the list with known aliases, projected aliases, social media profiles, and favorite ice cream flavors.  That last one was a joke, by the way, just because Rhodey likes mint chocolate chip doesn’t make him a maniac, you’re not worthy of my comedy.”
“I probably won’t remember in the morning,” Tony said, even though he was pretty sure he would.  “Can you believe Clint was holding out on us?  All this time, and we didn’t know he owned a major vacation destination.  Hell,
“Bad idea,” Natasha said.
Tony’s barely had time to decide which direction to fly in when Friday says in his ear, “Incoming call from Peter Parker, priority code 1.”
“Oh, no, I mean, of course we could,” Scott says quickly.  “You could handle it alone, probably, who needs me, I’m backup at best, but like, these are the Avengers.”
Natasha leans forward and bites her bottom lip.  “Trouble, Mr. Vanko?” she says breathily.
“What’s good here?” Steve asks.
“Hey,” Tony says.  “Do you want to come upstairs for a drink?”
“Yeah,” Steve said.  He pinched the bridge of his nose.  “I meant to say no.  This stuff is strong.”
"I just want to make sure you don’t get any ideas.  I kind of like not fighting with you.”
“Not exactly,” Tony said.
“What else?  Have you seen her?  Are you moving back in?”
“How many can you do at once?” Thor asked, tossing him another.
“I really hope you didn’t break my mask with that superstrength, I
By the time Steve gets back to the office on Monday, somebody’s spread a story around: he got caught up in a brawl and came out the worse for it, and a couple of folks wince sympathetically at his split lip and two blacked eyes but mostly they don’t say a word, because everyone knows he’ll heal up just fine in a coupla days.  Pierce has him reassigned to desk duty indefinitely, and Steve knows it’s a punishment, but it’s got an upside, at least until his broken ribs knit themselves up inside his chest.
Steve surges forward.  He twists the front of Stark’s shirt in his hand, pulling him in until they’re pressed together, chest to chest, and Stark’s tongue is hot in his mouth and Stark’s arm is wrapped around his waist and -
It's not exactly reassuring.
“Do we live together?” Tony blurted out.
“You hated me?”
All Tony got in response was silence.
"Miss Romanov," Stark says, flashing his teeth at her.  "So good to see you, as always.  How's business?"
me - ”
the boss?” Tony said grumpily.
It’s only one name long.
“Not great.”
you’re good at it, but you’re not.”
with him.
“You’ve been pardoned for worse.”
them - ”
seen you here before.  Quiet, always sits at the bar, makes eyes at Romanov.  Banner, right?"
is wrong with you?”
Thor poked his head in just as the tomato sauce was starting to simmer.  “What’s all this?”
It’s frustrating as hell being stuck in a partially-functioning suit, and even moreso once his comms come back online and confirm what Tony had known, in the pit of his stomach, was true: that Beck was three steps ahead of him and long, long gone.
“I don’t think Peggy Carter’s ever been in a position she didn’t want to be in.”
“It’s hard to get clearance when you’re supposed to be dead.”
questions, but the very first one is, did you
Bruce pulls a holo-screen up from his tablet with more force than Tony is used to seeing from the recently gentle giant.  “This was just uploaded on J. Jonah Jameson’s site.”
“Yeah I
“Is this a mid-life crisis?”
“Yeah,” Clint said with a snort, “but you’d
, he was going to get to
They both whip around as Morgan stands in the doorway, frowning underneath her bedhead.
Tony, to his own surprise, completely forgot about his wine.  “What?”
“You’ve pictured how this would happen?” Tony said.
“Yeah,” Tony said, “you, too,” and then he grinned, and Steve - for once - didn’t mind that it made him crazy.
“I’m not mad at you on Bruce’s behalf,” Tony says.  “Although maybe I would be, if I thought a single word you said back there had anything to do with Bruce.”
Stark reaches forward and yanks open the door to reveal a carpeted room with weights along the wall and several balls of different sizes lined up on the floor.  “Calisthenics.  Were you expecting something different?”
“He still pining away after that friend of his from high school?”
wanted more than he deserves.  “So, does that mean - ”
“I’m serious,” Tony says.  “Not about the money - I mean I am making money off it, maybe I should stop making money off it, is making money off recovery as bad as making money off weapons?  I don’t know, I’ll have to think about it - but I mean about it all starting with me.  If it hadn’t been for me, most of the terrible stuff that’s happened wouldn’t have happened.”
Steve’s hips bucked a little helplessly.  “Tony, I’m going to lose it if you keep teasing me like this.”
“I actually own six,” Natasha said calmly.
Banner shrugs and eases into the barstool next to Steve.  "Miss Romanov asked me to come.  She seems to believe you're not here to bring me in."
As Steve’s eyes adjust to the dim car interior, he finds himself staring at Alexander Pierce.  “Everything all right, sir?” he says.
“Volume zero,” Tony says.  He watches Beck talk silently, his mouth twisting around bitter syllables.  “Hey Dopey.  Can you do me a favor and filter the current list of potential targets by people I’ve personally met.”
, Rogers, do you understand me?”
“Well, this guy kept me up last night.”
“Exactly,” Tony says.  “Jameson would love to think he can divide and conquer us, maybe get somebody to stir some shit up, find a weak spot, but guess what?  Been there, blew up that airport, not doing it again.”
“ - did you consider being more selective?”
“All the way to Midtown?”
“Well, sure.  We’re friends.”
“Oh,” Bruce said.  “Uh.  I’m thankful I’m no longer technically an internationally wanted criminal.  I’m thankful Tony invented clothes that stretch and shrink with the other guy.  Oh, and I’m glad they decided not to put the Hulk balloon in the parade after all.”
“It’s enough to give it a try,” Peter says.  “Caring about people is scary, but it’s okay if you’re scared sometimes, you know.”
“So what’s your deal?” Clint said, shoving the chips into Thor’s hands and throwing himself down on the floor in the middle of the room.  “Are you, like, our boss or something?”
“Sure.  Why, do I have bad breath?”
Fourth floor, the silent bachelor who moved in last night, bringing with him a suspicious lack of luggage and a name that sounds like a fake ("Banner"). Natasha is looking forward to scraping his brains off the walls in a few days, assuming he hasn't already offed himself. She
“Not - it isn’t - I don’t really trust anybody,” Steve admits.
was when she stormed out.”
“I must have missed my invitation, but luckily for you all I don’t mind party crashing,” Tony said, coming around the corner carrying a bottle of wine in each hand.  “Red or white?”
“I almost died,” Stark confirms.  “Had to get pretty creative not to, actually.  I didn’t have any immunity serum to help out.  I shut down my weapons plants the day I got back stateside.”
“Do you have pizza rolls?” Steve asked, completely missing the joke to Tony’s extreme relief.
“Man, the 40s must have been boring for you to consider this ‘company.’  I’m serious, I don’t need to be coddled just because I just got divorced.”
“I guess if we could, I wouldn’t show up unannounced in the middle of the night,” Tony said.  “On the other hand, there are some side benefits.  Do you always sleep naked?”
“I highly doubt I’m gonna be interested.”
reckless, all the time.
It's not a question, so Steve doesn't answer, just stretches out in bed and slides an idle hand up Tony's ribcage.
Steve nodded.  “So I’ll have to go back to the future.”
"I mean,
“Well, yeah, but lately, you’re like - you know.  Buddy buddy.”
“I agree, you’re supposed to be in bed,” Tony said, setting aside his tablet.  “Lights out was ten minutes ago.”
There’s a clatter from above, and they both tense as somebody hurtles down the stairs.  “Let’s get out of here,” Banner says breathlessly, a sack thrown over his shoulder.
“Is it a thing for you?  Do you floss?  Do Hulk teeth get cavities?”
“You got in fights, you were mean to each other, you were
But the problem was that, when he was really honest with himself, Steve didn’t want
"My pants?  I don't care about the pants - sure, we don't do this in New York, but this is kind of a letter but not the spirit thing, we can literally
“I’m mighty glad to hear that, son,” Pierce says.  “I’ll look forward to your next debriefing on the progress you’ve made with Zemo, and I won’t expect to hear any more about you stepping on any toes.”  He smiles patiently, like Steve’s a schoolboy who’s just completed a hard sum.
.  So how’s the whole, you know, recovery from the intensely personal mind control attack going?”
The thing about the Annual Intra-Avengers Baseball Game was that it was always a little... contentious.
“Friday?”  Friday speeds through the scene again, then narrows in on one moment.  “Frame by frame, baby.  There we go.  So, this is more detailed than the human eye can perceive, but if you look here - yup, there.  See anything?”
Steve opens his mouth to keep going, but before he can say a word Tony cuts in, "All right, we're within three percent of standard Hulk readings, let's call it a day, yeah?"
And hey, he thinks, whaddya know - the rain has stopped.
“We were already grounded,” Natasha pointed out.
, Strange mouths, and it’s almost a relief, because finally Tony can admit that he’s always known what’s coming.  He’s always known, ever since Strange handed over the stone on that godforsaken planet in the middle of Bumfuck, Outer Space - before that, actually, ever since that vision from Wanda, ever since he stared into the blackness of space through the hole in the sky and realized they weren’t alone.
Steve frowned.  Tony carefully avoided the word
Tony can tell it costs him something to say it.  He blows out a breath and pours himself another glass.  “Yeah.  Me neither.”  He hears something behind him and whirls around to see Peter climbing down the wall from the ceiling in the direction of the bar.  “Cap, there’s a spider, quick, get it away from here, it’s underage.”
“I like it when you pull my hair,” Steve, looking at him calmly, almost
And she was right, Tony knew.  Steve
“I’m honored, milady,” Thor said, bowing his head.
And the worst part of it, Tony thought, was that he was
“It’s supposed to be medicinal,” Steve said, his throat sounding raw.
“Hi,” Tony says.  “We have to leave, actually.”
Bruce turns to her, valiantly covering up his nerves, and holds out his hand.  She takes it, and they begin a slow waltz, just barely avoiding the heels and elbows of other dancers.
“I’m sorry we never came to see you.”
“Only
“What’s this?” Tony said.
"I don't take much stock in who supplies the hooch, I just drink it," Tony says.  "Hell, I even visit your bars once in a while."
“For the record, I was against it,” Steve said, holding up a finger, and then they all burst into fresh peals of laughter.
“Were you hoping for something a little more spectacular?” Miss Romanov says, slipping out from under Steve’s arm and adjusting her blouse.
“Technically I’m married,” Steve said wryly.
“So many times,” Steve said, and he was blushing furiously but looked defiant, too, like he was kind of
Tony scans back through the evening and winces.  “Did I really throw my dad’s ‘thanks for helping us end World War II’ present from President Eisenhower off the landing pad?”
And then he reaches out to squeeze Steve's thigh under the bar, winks, and disappears into the crowd.
Steve presses a kiss to Tony's hip.  "Sure.  Sometimes."
“You didn’t?” Tony said.  He felt like he was missing something.  Oh, right.  His drink.  Steve had taken it away from him, the bastard.  He wondered if he could steal it back.  Steve’s reflexes were good, sure, but Tony was almost certainly more determined -
“I’m flattered.”
“You were an ex-carnie merc with a kink for outdated weapons choices.”
, and the thing is, he really didn’t think there was any new ground to cover.
Ugh, that was gross.  Let’s see, how about… naked.  Tony liked him
“Cheers!” Clint said.
“Because what I
know except me?”
The other Tony looked around Steve.  “This is even better the second time.”
They leave the captured soldiers with what remains of the Sokovian authorities and take off in the jet over a lake glittering incongruously in the early morning sunlight.  Wilson and Bruce talk quietly in the cockpit and Wanda spreads out across a couple of seats to catch a nap.  Tony fiddles with his wedding ring, spins it around his finger over and over and counts down the minutes.
But Steve had already spun around and splashed under the water, so Tony took the opportunity to drop trou and skedaddle down the pool stairs.  It was a little cooler than he would have liked, but soon the worst was over and he was paddling out to the center, where Steve was floating languidly and apparently without any effort at all.
"Look," Steve says, "there's been a misunderstanding, I'm not - "
a speech, I could make a speech - ”
It’s hard to get an audience with the King of Wakanda, but luckily for Tony he’s
“No,” Steve said.  “I mean - you don’t have to go.  God, I’m talking to myself in public again.”
“Have a good night,” Steve says, watching idly as she tidies up her desk.  Desk duty: who knew sitting around doing nothing could be so exhausting?  He has no idea how long he’ll be out of the bureau’s good graces, but if he gets another stack of dropped off in the morning, he’ll -
"I can meet him anywhere he wants," Steve says.  "I just need a few minutes with him.  And I think - I think I might be able to help him, too.  Can you tell him that for me?"
“Yeah, right,” Clint said, going over to the media cabinet and fiddling with it.  “Aw, speakers.”
“I’d rather talk more about the murders that James Barnes committed throughout his decades of service with HYDRA,” Jameson interrupts.  “Including, if the rumors are to be believed, the murders of Howard and Maria Stark.  How is that a man Captain America can possibly defend?”
, he thinks irritably as the hatch closes behind Sam.
admitted to eavesdropping.”
“Nice work,” Tony says through the speaker.  “Light-blocking projections, that’s tough stuff.  You should be proud, Beck.”
“Both,” Clint said, completely without shame.
"You run this place?" Steve says, surprised.
suited for dealing with the dangers of today’s world,” Beck says in the background, where the video from Jameson’s site is playing on repeat, which even Tony can admit maybe isn’t the healthiest thing to do but look, give him a break, okay?
"And now you're a civil servant, a slave to good ol J. Edgar, because you don't know how to do anything else, do you?" Stark says.  "You've never been anything but Uncle Sam's good little boy."
“If you’re so worried about it, why don’t you use all that money of yours to do something good?” Steve says.  “Help the city clean itself up.”
just go on Anderson Cooper and explain what happened.  The problem, of course, is that while the story the press is telling is pretty bad, the real story isn’t that much better.  The two versions share the most important essential truth, anyway, which is that there’s no rendition where Tony gets it right.
“Not my problem,” Tony said, pulling his finger out of Steve’s grasp and burying his face in his glass.  “Should we turn some music on?”
“Cap’s here?” Morgan screeches.  “Friday, tell him to come see me!  I have a drawing for him!”
There’s a pause, and then, “Come on up.”
“Why not keep it clean and simple?  Just let me know in advance if you plan to run off for two years again, I’ll make sure to get your suit dry cleaned for you.”
“Thirty seconds, huh?” Steve said, sliding his hand around Tony’s waist and pulling him closer.
The room exploded around them: Scott let out a whoop, and Sam catcalled, and everyone rushed toward the ship, and Steve let out a breath he didn’t know he’d been holding.
“I’m also thankful for the fact that the Packers are decent this year and, relatedly, for Tony’s 90 inch TV.  I’m thankful that I only broke one of my toes two weeks ago when that robot turtle thing showed up in the Village, seriously, fuck that thing, how was it so slow but also so graceful?  Oh, I’m thankful for another year that Nick Fury pays me to shoot people.  And I’m thankful for having a bunch of assholes to cook Thanksgiving dinner for.”
Stark’s armband blows a hole in the ceiling, and plaster rains down on them.  “That could have gone better,” he says thoughtfully, and dives out of the way of an approaching goon.
“Tony,” Steve says, firmly, and Tony shuts his mouth.  “That’s not why we did it.”
“Steve Rogers, I’m appalled,” Tony said.  “You’re
"Sorry about that.  And all of this.  And just me, generally."
Steve chuckled weakly.  “They’re just so....”
Steve rolled his eyes.  “Oh, I don’t know.  The fact that you drove me crazy.  All the things that happened between us that I regret.  The stupid, pointless crush I had on you probably comes into it somewhere.”
Tony swapped out his standard catcher’s mitt for a gauntlet as Barnes swung his reinforced bat casually from one hand and adjusted his ballcap with the other.  The rest of them all wore helmets, even the Hulk - not because he needed it, but because Tony’d designed one special and Bruce thought it was hilarious - but Bucky had argued that under official MLB rules he would have been grandfathered into the pre-helmet era, and anyway they’d all seen actual
As Tony knew well from the battlefield, Steve was a quick learner: he gathered data, formed strategic insights, and applied his learnings.  Steve was
“Seconds!” Thor said through a mouth full of pasta.
“I don’t know,” Tony said innocently.
“And miss all the fun?” Stark says, pushing up his sleeves as another man advances.  “You look like just the kind of fella who enjoys scientific investigation.  Care to help me out with an experiment?”
“What is this, twenty questions?”
“Figures we’d have to add in new rules just for you,” Bucky said, rolling his eyes.
Outside the window, the Bronx rolls by; Steve tries, without much success, to determine exactly how much trouble he’s in.  Finally, Pierce says, “You ever think about balance, son?”
“Are you talking to him?” Peter said eagerly.  “Is he here right now?”
“Because I’m not real?” Tony said snidely.
of Pornhub.
Steve crawls forward, edging toward a dropped pistol and trying to sort out which feet belong to Pierce.  “I don’t see what’s smart about going into business with criminals.”
“Yeah, I know I don’t,” Stark interrupts.  “Tomorrow night, nine o’clock. I’ll see you then?”
“Lotta people mad these days,” Tony says.  “And most of them are mad at us.”
“Say what?  Stuff you know already?  If I’m your subconscious, then nothing I’m saying can possibly surprise you,” Tony said.
So he settles for screaming at him.  “What the
“Of course this is about last night,” Steve said.  “Forgive me for being a little off my game the day after one of my best friends decides to - ”
"Come with me.”
“I think I can pretty safely say it was not.”
“That was… odd,” Thor said, and then he threw back his head and laughed.  “And extremely amusing!”
“That’s what I thought,” Bucky gloated as Tony pushed up his facemask and began the long, slow walk to the mound.
, but that’s fine with Tony because he leaves with more vibranium than has legally departed the country in years.  He finishes his designs halfway home, grabs a catnap in the pilot’s seat, and when he gets back to the tower he pulls on his welding mask and gets to work.  Bruce checks in around what must be some meal time - Tony only knows that because he brings a sandwich that he eats half of and leaves the rest for Tony to throw away hours later - and looks over Tony’s shoulder curiously until he gets it.  “Wow,” he says, unhelpfully, and then he claps Tony on the shoulder and leaves him to it.  Vibranium is an unusual metal but it’s pliable, interesting but not too hard to work with assuming you’re a genius, and it only takes Tony a few hours before he’s satisfied.  He tucks the finished product into a nondescript bag and drives across the East River, follows Friday’s directions to Steve’s equally nondescript building in Brooklyn Heights and buzzes the front door.
Steve opens the sixth door in the second floor hallway. All he’s trying to do is find some towels for the girls down by the pool, and so far he’s interrupted three menage a troises (is that how you said the plural of menage a trois? Steve’s never even seen one before tonight, and now he’s having to remember French pluralization rules), one encounter between two men that looked.... urgent, and a tuxedo'd man throwing up into a writing desk. It’s been an eventful search. He opens the sixth door.
“Do you golf?” Shirley asked Steve politely when the laughter died down.
?” Clint asked, with obvious horror.
“Morgan’s not the only kid who would have disappeared,” Steve interrupts.  “She happens to my favorite, sure, but there’s billions of kids across the universe who wouldn’t have existed anymore if we’d taken everybody back five years.  Who are we to deny them life?  Who are we to tell the universe how it should work?  That’s what sets us apart from Thanos, Tony.  We didn’t set out with an agenda.  We’re just doing the best we can.”
“Nuh uh, not at my house, I’m very progressive in that way.”
Assuming things go right, at least.
“I hate when people say resurrect, we didn’t
And the very next night at dinnertime, the elevator doors swung open to reveal a massive, fully-decorated Christmas tree, complete with twinkly lights and rows of ribbon and a Swarovski-bejeweled star at the top that just barely cleared the elevator door from where it was balanced on Steve’s shoulder.
“I’m pretty sure the first offense of the night was you suggesting we go skinny dipping,” Tony said, holding Steve’s gaze.
,” Happy murmurs, handing Tony Morgan’s backpack.
“It’s kind of a long story,” Tony said.  “Wait a few more days and you’ll remember it yourself.”
“Should we do it again sometime?” Natasha said.
“Who said anything about an interpersonal conflict?”
“Seriously, Rogers, out with it,” Barton says.  “You disappear for a week and come back looking like you fell face-first into a meat grinder.”
Peter looks down at his laptop and sighs.  “Am I ever going to get to grow up?”
“On the record, we have Tony Stark in the room,” Jameson says, turning back to the camera.
Steve looked up from the file on his desk.  “A promotion?”
Clint hisses, letting loose a flood into her. He collapses out of her and she gratefully lets go of the shelf, letting him pull her into the bed in collapse. She loosens his tie for him, nicely. She'll let him lick an orgasm out of her once he catches his breath. He cracks one eye and peers at her.
"You don't know anything about me," Steve says coldly.
“Breakfast, sir?”
“Never once,” Natasha says.  “Killian, Schmidt, Blonsky - they all get up to things I’ve got no interest in.  Weapons.  Moving money around.  Moving
“Is he traumatized?  Will this traumatize him?”
“Nothing,” Tony says.  “Run the simulation again, 30% more power to the left gauntlet.”
figure out is what
“Not for you, anyway.  You said something about a tip?”
Steve pushed the plate of eggs toward Tony.  “What do
, so, like, no way, right?”
“Are we really not doing the dishes?” Bruce said a bit anxiously as he trailed after them.
“Uh,” Tony said.  “I mean I don’t do Thanksgiving.  I didn’t even know I had a turkey baster, in fact.  Where’d you find that?  You might want to do a little extra sanitizing, just in case.”
“But he agrees with me,” Tony said.  “More wine?  Anybody?  Just me?”
Steve broke the surface with a grin, his hair plastered back and shining in the moonlight.  “What, you never been skinny dipping?”
for you that we live together?”
.  It was dinner, not a date, because he’s
“This world is lucky to have you,” Tony said finally.
They get a table in the back of a little place in Chelsea that Tony has on retainer to keep paparazzi away; Tony orders a bottle of wine and drinks his first glass in thirty seconds flat and wonders exactly when hanging out with Steve fucking Rogers started making him
First of all, there was the basic fact that the Avengers were, to put it mildly, a little competitive.  They had all chosen to use their very specific set of skills to bash people's heads in for a living, and that wasn't the kind of decision generally made by well-adjusted people who enjoyed a quiet Friday night in with a book.  And when they were on the battlefield, there was no such thing as "just a game": there was winning, and there was losing, and losing wasn't really an option.
Tony knew Steve couldn’t lie, but even if he could have, a certain part of his anatomy was giving a
“Isn’t it obvious?” Steve says.  “Sometimes I forget I’m not still just that kid from Brooklyn getting turned down by every girl I ask to dance.”
“Ah,” Tony said.  “Right.  About that - ”
“Do you think you’ll ever jump in and tell everybody what to do?” Tony said.  “I mean, don’t you wish you’d called up the president and been like,
“Some days, maybe,” Tony says.
“Oh, come on, I know Happy was nice about it,” Stark says.  “Don’t blame Happy, blame me.”
“Sign it from both of us,” Tony said.  “Now, where we were?  Oh, yeah.  On your knees, soldier.”
"Self-defense isn't weapons manufacturing," Stark says, pulling off the arm band and slipping it into his pocket.  "I'll pay for the damages."
“All right, all right,” Peter says  “I get the message.”
He took out the trash to hide the evidence.
"Not recently," Killian says, and his eyes are ice cold.
“Okay, sure, maybe, but I drew a hell of a lot of attention to myself,” Tony says.  “I drew a lot of attention to all of us.  And Thanos - ”
