That was a lesser concern, but yes, I would like to emphasize that I was acting as a private citizen protecting my own intellectual property from being used to harm others. There were legal repercussions, by the way, but you didn't see that news in any major publication. Mr. Urich?
TS: Of course not.
He wastes a precious second praying.
"'Don't forget to smile,'" quoth Friday.
"You're not okay," Rhodey says. "I don't know what it is, man, but something is wrong with you. You haven't picked up a fatal heart condition again, have you?"
TS: Hang on, let me…
He circles around the east side of the island and lands his helicopter in the empty parking lot by the docks to the northwest. Friday's waypoint has been a constant through his entire flight, like the kid hasn't moved at all, like he's just… waiting. Tony catches sight of Cap and the others on his way in. Maybe they notice him land; maybe they don't.
Eleanor Bishop, wife of publishing mogul Derek Bishop, was killed in a skiing accident last month. How soon will her hubby be on the market? We're betting on 'soon'—Bishop was spotted in a romantic restaurant with a new squeeze two days ago. That's some cold comfort!
"I didn't realize…"
NB: FuturePharm. They're really out in the middle of nowhere. I think they do some contract work with the government.
"I've had time to think about it," she counters. "We don't all think as slow as you meat sacks."
"I'm not sure why you were," Stevie says.
> LOADING…
Behind the kid, the mist is burning off the river. Rhodey has to be beat—he was up all night fighting the good fight, while Tony was sleeping it off in his nice warm workshop.
"This was a trap," Rogers states.
I had the pleasure of meeting Steve on a handful of occasions, and what always stuck with me was his anger. You might be thinking of Cap punching the Red Skull in the face, or quaking with righteous fury as he stood toe-to-toe with Ultron; but his anger wasn't an idealized, mythological kind of anger. He got mad. He got pissed off. He'd swear when he stubbed his toe (I was there; I heard it) and he'd yell at teammates when he thought they stepped out of line and he held grudges with the fervor of a true, born-again believer. We once spent twenty minutes talking about the importance of solar energy in third-world countries, because, as Cap told me with all the bite and ire of a good man who saw other men doing nothing, it wasn't fair to expect someone who struggled to feed their children to care about saving manatees.
Everyone likes to focus on the neural interface that Extremis wrote into him, but that's not the only perk. The virus restructured his thought patterns, too; not all of it's conscious, but he can problem-solve at teraflop speeds now, at petaflop speeds, more parallel processes than most people can comprehend. He can think about the garage while he misses the Mansion while he tracks the progression of the Registration Movement while he gripes to Carol while he tweaks the cloaking shield on the Model 29.
"I thought what sets SI apart is a living wage and decent employee insurance," Rhodey inserts.
BOWMAN: Well. And that, too.
What people neglect when they talk about Howard Stark is his strength of character. He called Tony names: weak and wimp, sissy, soft, pansy and pussy and momma's boy. None of the names were inaccurate. Howard Stark was a hard man in a hard world, and he did his best to make sure his son was hard, too. It's how you survive. It's how Tony survived. He wouldn't be alive today, if not for the strength of character his father passed down like commandments. You get tough. You have grit. You make yourself into a man. That's how he knows his father loved him.
going to do this.”
Steve nodded, shutting his mouth.
Steve instantly lets go, but where he’s standing, it’s impossible for Tony to get out. Steve knows that, he did it on purpose.
“You’re smarter than you look.” Tony teases, dishing the food up. Peter lets out a light laugh, some of that brightness coming back to his face.
Tony freezes. It’s been so long since he’d heard those words. Heard them from him. It tears him apart inside, in the most hurtful and blissful mix of pain and glee he’s ever felt. He clenches his fists, trying to get his brain to work. Trying to function normally. But he can’t. He’s panicking. Nothing’s working how he wants it to.
Tony’s excited. He hates that.
It was Natasha’s idea to have almost all the original team meet up and figure out what to do. And now here Tony was, watching his fingers drum on the table, too scared to look up and feeling his body tense whenever someone walked in the room. But it was never him. Not yet.
Jesus, this kid’s only fifteen and he’s already wiser than Tony. He’s in way over his head with this one. “You sure, Pete? This isn’t going to be easy.” Tony admits.
“Why the hell should we?!” Tony all but screams. Steve has a fierceness in his face, and Tony recognizes it well. He’s determined. Determined to do what, Tony doesn’t know. But it scares him and thrills him all at once.
“Tony, I’m so sorry. I-”
“He’s… he’s been with somebody else. For awhile now. Says he doesn’t love me anymore.” Tony presses his face into his hands, trembling fingers rubbing his forehead.
Tony sits there for a long time. He holds Peter, listening to his deep breathing, and he wonders what’s going to happen now. What’s he supposed to do when his other half’s gone? What’s he supposed to do without the person that’s been a part of his life for over two decades? How is he supposed to raise this kid without him?
“I know that. But I believe in you. I believe in us. We can… we can be a family. As painful as it is, we can do it.” Peter says triumphantly, and Tony feels a proud smile grow on his face. The kid shouldn’t have to be going through this, but he’s taking it like a champ, and Tony just wants to sprinkle him in everything good because
. Steve had left him.)
Tony’s gauntleted hand, which he’d planted in the middle of Steve’s chest, swiftly closed around Steve’s throat, though not enough to constrict his air.
“You shy now?” Tony asked, nodding to Steve’s hands.
Steve rolled his eyes again, but his smile remained. “You are shameless. Shouldn’t you at least wait until my ribs are healed before you proposition me?”
“Do you understand?”
He was drowning all over again, but he quickened the pace of his hand, even his hips, and didn’t try to stifle the gasps and groans that left him. Tony wrapped his hand around the base of Steve’s cock and met his pace, and somehow, for the briefest but brightest moment, Steve suddenly felt whole – as though this was, in fact, exactly where he was meant to be, exactly how this was supposed to happen, and exactly how he was destined to go.
, “not to go picking fights by yourself.”
“If the cost of using the Soul Stone is one of us so you can bring everyone else back,” Steve said, softly but firmly, “then we have to be prepared for that.”
Tony slapped him again. Steve dropped his head and swore.
And then a mechanical but nonetheless rueful voice said from Tony's cast-aside sunglasses, "
“‘Okay,’ what, Steve?”
“You’re going to go downstairs, to your old room,” Tony said. “You’re going to clean yourself. You’re going to make your old bed with the bedsheets in the closet. And then you’re going to wait for me.”
Tony closed his eyes. His left shoulder was ablaze, and every beat of his heart wracked his chest and ribs with pain, but he stayed on his feet and held Pepper as tightly as he could muster. She still smelled like her lotion; Peter still reeked of ash; and both were still talking, trying to understand what was happening, but now all Tony could seem to hear was the blood pounding in his head and Sam’s voice.
“Keep Bucky out of trouble,” Tony heard him say. Natasha matched Steve’s watery smile with one of her own.
Steve’s hands opened and closed, but he didn’t lift them from either side of his head.
Steve nodded against Tony’s throat. His eyes stung, his throat constricted; he opened his mouth to answer but only the broken remains of whatever he might have said tumbled out in a dreadful sob.
“Only for you,” Steve said, before wrapping his hand around the base of Tony’s cock and swallowing him down.
Tony wrapped a hand around Steve’s cock, breathed in every scent that he had missed so much over the past ten months – Steve’s soap, Steve’s sweat, Steve’s musk – and pumped his hand in time with his hips as best he could. He started counting every pass of his palm over the head of Steve’s cock, focused in on the puff of Steve’s breath against the back of his head, and then, as his own orgasm began to coil and build, he lifted his head and slammed his mouth against Steve’s. It was a messy, painful, desperate kiss, with Tony’s lips colliding with Steve’s teeth before Steve understood what was happening, but then they were chasing the synchronicity they’d come to depend on from each other until Tony was sure Steve was swallowing the air straight out of his lungs, but he didn’t care, he’d give it all to Steve over and over again as long as he eventually came back –
Well, that got Tony’s eyebrows leaping into his hairline.
Perhaps in poor form, Tony narrowed his eyes, studied Steve. They were dancing around something, and while Tony was perfectly aware of what he was avoiding – namely, that he was very acutely aware of his inability to healthily take care of himself, much less of his lack of recent experience taking care of another human being without driving them up the wall with his somewhat eccentric shows of affection – he couldn’t quite place what was bugging Steve. And while their relationship had been on the upswing since the Chitauri incident, and especially since Tony had renovated Stark Tower to house the Avengers, Tony would still forget that he could simply ask Steve what was wrong. He had decades of fantasies about Captain-America-the-Legend to reconcile with the reality of Steve-Rogers-the-Man, who was the essence of everything Captain America was – justice, liberty, all that jazz – but with the alarming addition of being a human being. He enjoyed hot dogs and beer and watched old black-and-white “films” and swore like a sailor on the field and had nightmares and demons and secrets…
Steve did stay, though, and more – he nodded. Tony’s lips parted in surprise. He hadn’t imagined Steve answering in the affirmative.
“It’s okay,” Steve murmured. “You don’t have to come. I just want…”
“Why?”
as he slid his hand over the head. He paused there, circled his wrist and tightened his hold, and Steve almost catapulted Tony off him as he jerked his hips up toward Tony’s hand.
“No shit,” Tony replied with hot puff of a laugh against Steve’s ear. “So get off me -- ”
Tony took another hour to shower, dress, and collect a bag of supplies before he spoke for the first time since he had walked away from Steve at the elevator.
“It’s okay,” he said again. “Just…be with me.”
Tony began to pull his hand free of Steve, and Steve immediately pushed his hips back toward Tony.
fuck – I’m
Steve still wasn’t off the hook, though.
“Skull,” Steve said. He made a point of looking Thanos up and down as the Titan stood and approached Steve with not inconsiderable effort.
He watched the bob of Steve’s Adam’s apple as he swallowed, the pulse of Steve’s jaw as he grit his teeth, and then the barest flick of Steve’s tongue between his lips as he nodded into the vice of Tony’s hand.
fallen into each other’s arms, they
Tony pulled his hand free from Steve again and sat back. Steve returned his hand to the bed, and for a quavering moment, Tony simply watched Steve’s ass clench against  emptiness, watched his fingers dig into the bedding, watched his shoulders draw together and his head bow low.
Tony laughed quietly.
Steve leaned forward and lowered Tony to his back on the floor, releasing him only to push the office chair away before sliding both of his hands under Tony’s shirt and up his stomach to his chest.
Steve released a quiet, shuddering sigh.
Tony slammed one fist into the wall behind Steve and came.
Steve took in the sight of the Red Skull, now as good as a ghost as far as Steve could tell; of Thanos, disgraced and exiled; of the barren mountain and unending sea that stretched around it; and his lips quirked in a satisfied half-smile as he returned his gaze to Thanos.
Tony pulled his thumb free.
He looked to his right, and there was Pepper; to her right stood Peter. Both of them were clearly bewildered, and they both began talking over each other as Tony let the Gauntlet slide from his hand to the lobby floor.
Steve paused, looked away from Tony again, then quickly looked back.
"Steve.”
Tony half-hoped Steve would try to move his head, even with one of Tony’s hands in his hair and the other in his mouth, but Steve stayed still, his breath puffing hot against Tony’s palm as he moaned a garbled attempt at a “yes.”
“After my parents died, I had a friend who took care of me when I got sick, which was pretty damn often. I’d be stuck in bed for days, and he would stay by the side almost the entire time except when he would steal to pay for my drugs or food…all because he wanted to.”
“I don’t – ”
, I can’t – ”
Tony cocked his head.
“Oh,” Tony breathed, twisting his hand again as his knuckles met Steve’s rim, “don’t worry. This is far from over.”
“Got something to say, Rogers?”
“You cleaned the bathroom?” Tony said.
Tony inhaled slowly through his nose. Held. Released.
Tony flapped his hands as he groped for words, came up empty, and scrubbed at his face with a groan.
“Don’t you trust me?” he said, far more candidly than he’d imagined he would when he’d rehearsed this in his head over the past several months. More often than not, he’d envisioned himself sneering, followed by Steve scowling and raising his hackles. Sometimes they’d argued; sometimes Steve had simply left. Very rarely, Tony had let himself imagine what could happen if Steve stayed.
Steve’s eyes danced between Tony’s, as though he was waiting for Tony to laugh it off. Instead, Tony tightened his grip until Steve wrapped a hand around Tony’s wrist.
“You’re such a sap,” Bucky said.
He and Steve had never spoken about that, either.
“Is he still here?”
Tony had expected the Gauntlet to be heavier, and he felt like a child who’d gotten caught playing dress-up with his father’s clothes as he pulled the too-large contraption over his hand. Voting on what had to be done had been fairly easy, though choosing who would be the one to wield the Gauntlet itself hadn’t been. Thor had made a strong case for it, but Tony and Steve ultimately convinced him that they couldn’t risk losing the last of the Asgardian royal line to the Gauntlet. And it was clear on many faces that more people had expected Steve to fight for it, as evidenced by their surprise and confusion when Tony donned it instead.
“Your Dad’s gone. He- he’s not coming back.” Tony chokes out, trying to keep himself together. He’s got to be here for the kid.
Peter’s quiet for awhile. And after a couple minutes, Tony forces himself to look at the kid. He’s pale and shuddering, tears pouring down his cheeks. Tony feels himself break. How could he have done this? To his kid?
“Let go of me. You lost your touching privileges a long time ago.” Tony spits, mind taking him back to all the times they made love. All the gentle touches and kisses, all the times Steve made him feel so good, so loved, he thought he’d never be able to get over it. He still hadn’t.
And as Tony tangled his fingers in Steve’s longer- sexier, if he was being honest, hair, he couldn’t help but think that maybe everything would be alright.
“What happened?” Tony can hear it in Peter’s voice that he’s trying not to cry. Tony’s never felt so guilty before. What the hell is wrong with him? What did he do?
“I- I can’t do this, Steve. This wasn’t a good idea. There’s- God, it’s been
Tony looks at the hand, eyes following up the arm, the shoulder, the neck, then finally, his eyes land on Steve’s face. Steve has a desperate pain in his eyes, and they scream
Tony allows himself to think,
“I-I didn’t- I wouldn’t have-” Another sigh, “Jesus, Tony. I don’t know what to say. I’m so sorry. You have no idea. That is the worst mistake I have ever made. I love you so much. I don’t expect you to forgive me, or to even put up with me, and I promise I wouldn’t be here unless I had to-”
Tony cuts him off. He can’t listen to this anymore. It hurts. Tony’s chest is painfully tight, and he can’t break down in front of Steve. Can’t give him the satisfaction, “Get out.”
The door opened, and Tony swore he could
“Don’t. Don’t you fucking dare. I don’t want to hear it. Not after what you did. And then, after that, it just got worse. You’ve been gone for three years. THREE YEARS, STEVE. Shit like this doesn’t just go away with some bullshit apology-” Tony looked up now, and he wished he hadn’t. He looks different. Jesus, so different. It’s just so clear taking care of himself didn’t matter in the last while, and Tony’s surprised to realize
He shakes the thoughts out faster than they came.
“You tried to kill me.” Is all Tony can choke out. Steve let out a defeated sigh, squeezing Tony’s hands.
“Dad, I’m home!” Comes the kid’s happy, bubbly voice, and Tony feels a pang in his heart. He can’t do this. He can’t tell Peter that Steve’s gone. It’ll ruin his life. God, this is all Tony’s fault. It has to be. It always is.
Steve hears the finality in Tony’s voice, and he knows he doesn’t have a choice. He doesn’t blame Tony, this is a hard thing. So, with resignation, Steve grabs his keys and walks out of the house.
“I’m so sorry, kid. Is there anything I can do?” Tony asks, stirring the food. He hopes he’s doing this right. Steve was always the cook. The last time Tony tried to cook he nearly burned the house down, and before that he
if he never sees you again. Now get out. I’ll ship your stuff to you when you give me an address.”
It’ll actually be him. His eyes. His face. His body. His voice. He’ll be there. Not any of those goddamn dreams or hallucinations or visions or whatever Tony’s been having. It’ll be
And for a minute, they’re happy. They’re content and fulfilled with the two of them.
Steve brings both his hands to the sides of Tony’s face, resting his forehead against the shorter man’s, “Never. Never. God, I won’t ever leave again. I promise.”
“Oh, kid. Jesus, I’m so sorry.” Tony whispers, opening his arms to hold the boy until he feels better. Peter lets out a choked sob, falling into Tony’s arms. So he lets Peter cry, lets him yell, lets him do whatever he needs to get it out. Tony holds him, runs his fingers through his hair, down his back, holds him tight, kissing his face and whispering all the comforting things he can think of.
that I couldn’t do this alone, that I needed you, my mind finally had clicked and I knew I could make it without you. But then you walked into this room, and everything fell apart. Once again, you tore everything down, and I know- God, just like I always knew- I know that I need you. I know that without you, my life isn’t whole. And I hate that. Because I want to be pissed at you. I want to scream at you. I want to hurt you as much as you hurt me.” Tony can’t stop the tears from rolling down his cheeks. How could he? He’s kept them in so long, “But all I can do is love you. I love you. I can’t stop it. And I’m so tired, God, I’m so fucking tired of having to try to hate you and be angry. I don’t accept your apology, because that isn’t fucking okay. What happened to us isn’t okay. But I… I accept you. I always will accept you.” Tony lets out a shaky breath, wiping his face, “You’re it for me, Steve.”
Then finally, the silence was broken, “Tony..”
burn the house down. Well, part of it.
“I wish that were true.” Steve admits, head hanging low. Tony takes in a shaky breath, and he can literally feel pain in his chest. Is this what death feels like? He closes his eyes. Millions of memories flick through his head. Tender kisses, fights that end with heartfelt apologies and gentle touches, blissful hours spent in bed long after the morning has ended, sweet, sweet love-making that made Tony’s head spin.
Steve knows what’s happening to him, he knows the signs. Hell, if they weren’t in these circumstances, he’d be over there, pulling Tony in his arms, talking him through it like he used to. But it isn’t back then, anymore. So much has changed.
If he didn’t want to leave, he shouldn’t have fucking come in the first place.
And he does. He cries and cries and cries. He screams. He throws things at the walls. He yells at the God he doesn’t believe in. He cries until there’s no more tears and all his body can do is choke and hiccup.
“You chose him over me. Do you know how much that hurt? I loved you with everything inside me, and you chose the man who
Tony’s angry. God, he’s pissed. He hates himself for being so happy to see Steve, and he hates the fact that even after their last encounter, he’s sure he’d do anything Steve asked him to. Fuck Steve. Fuck him for getting into Tony’s head. Into his heart. Into his very soul.
He’s sitting on the couch when Peter gets home. Just staring at the coffee table as he tries not to think about what his life’s become.
It wasn’t.
“I’m… gonna go take care of some issues outside. You two talk. Please.” Natasha finally broke the painful silence, and left the room, the door quietly clicking shut behind her.
“No, shut up,” Tony cut him off, “It’s my turn.”
. It’s thick and dark and Tony loves it, and he wants to tear himself apart for that.
Three fucking years.
Steve stutters on his words, sputtering in disbelief. He never thought Tony’d have the courage to do this, “W-what about Peter?”
“Steve, get the hell out of my way. I’m not doing this.” Tony warns. He doesn’t want to hurt Steve, never has, even now, after everything, but he’s pretty sure he’ll do anything to get out of this room right now.
And just like that, Tony leaned up, pressing his lips against Steve’s. It was a gentle kiss, soft touches and quiet sighs, and they slowly kissed as they tried to reconnect their souls.
Steve wipes his own tears from his face, letting out a deep breath. He places his hand on Tony’s cheek, swiping a tear away with his thumb. “God, I love you. I’m so sorry, Tony.” Steve whispered, furrowing his brows.
“As good as I can, considering my parents are split up.” He replied glumly, sitting on a stool in front of the kitchen island and resting his chin in his palm. Tony sighed, sadness filling his chest.
Steve.
that it was him. God, he hated that. But he didn’t look up. He couldn’t. He could barely breathe just sitting there. Steve didn’t move, eyes on Tony as he stood by the door, and Tony kept his eyes trained on the table, not daring to look up. He knew if he did, he’d break down. It would all break down. He couldn’t handle that.
“You heard me. Get out. You don’t fucking love me anymore? Fine. Good for you. But you’re not staying in my house. Get the hell out.” Tony spits, teeth clenched in a flimsy attempt to turn his hurt into anger.
“Just… don’t go back to him,” Peter states. Tony blinks, looking up at his son. That’s
Tony looks away again. He can’t handle it. He lets out a shaky breath, and closes his eyes. He was supposed to have gotten better. The anxiety was supposed to stop controlling him every time things got a little too much. But here he was, chest tightening and hands trembling.
“Because I love you!” Steve exclaims.
“But you stayed.”
Tony hovered his hands over Steve’s hips, down Steve’s back, up over Steve’s ribs. As badly as he wanted to feel the heat coursing just under Steve’s skin, he had to wait. He had to make Steve earn it. He could, at least, hold out for that.
“I get it, Tony.”
“Kinky,” Tony said.
“You,” Tony said, “are a long,
Tony smirked. “Keeping people in bed
Steve raised a hand, very effectively cutting Tony off.
“That is
And now, Steve appeared to be waiting for Tony to finish his thought for him. Instead, Tony raised his eyebrows and shrugged in a sardonic display of feigned ignorance. He was pleased when Steve sighed.
“If you’re good,” Tony said, as he poured lube into his hand, “I’ll think about taking the glove off.”
Tony started to shake his head. Steve unfurled his arms and lowered himself to his knees in front of Tony, wrapped his hands along the outside of Tony’s thighs.
It was jarring, but it was also inspring because that made him accessible, even if the idea of attempting to woo the Star-Spangled Man himself was more daunting than that of tending to Steve while he was bedridden with some broken ribs. And it was, which was why Tony seemed to be botching this chance at connecting, but he couldn’t help it; connection was scary, and when Tony got scared, he snarked.
Bucky snorted and started jerking Steve off, quick and brutal, not at all what Steve usually liked but exactly what he deserved. He knew he must have looked a mess -- he always did, especially next to Bucky -- gangly and blotchy and sweaty, but fuck if he cared, because Bucky had chosen him and Steve couldn’t imagine a lifetime without him even if he tried. He knew he’d do anything for Bucky, but like this, held open and vulnerable to no one else, Steve was sure he’d kill for Bucky, die for Bucky, live for Bucky.
“We don’t know that’s how it works!” Tony said. “Maybe no one has to go!”
Bucky wrapped a hand around one of Steve’s ankles and pulled his foot straight up into the air, forcing Steve to turn onto his side. Steve instinctively straightened his other leg to ease the strain on his back, and Bucky was quick to sit on it, pinning Steve to the bed as he raised his free hand and lay another resounded slap to Steve’s ass. Steve inhaled sharply -- tried to swallow -- choked -- and spat out half the sock as he started to cough. Bucky reached across Steve to pull the sock free and tossed it off the bed, then gave Steve another slap.
“Get your ass up there,” he panted and Steve, coughing, quickly obliged, though Tony was suddenly unable to watch him. Gaze toward the floor, Tony pulled his pants and boxers down in a single movement, kicked them behind him, shook off the gauntlet, peeled off the glove, and then pulled his harness and dildo from the bag on the bed. Only once he was strapped in and had the bottle of lube in his hand did he force himself to look at Steve.
"You want an explanation? Try this on. I'm a weapon, Steve. You're a weapon. We, all of us, are weapons. I've spent the past decade extracting myself from the business; this is something I understand. And we can't stop existing, can't stop doing what we do—we're addicts, on top of everything else, and I know something about addiction, too. You put a bunch of dangerous addicts in a closed community, and you know what you get? You get a time-bomb. And we're ticking away, and none of us know how much longer the timer has. Maybe this is the explosion, but maybe it isn't. Maybe there's something worse coming. I don't care. All I care about is containing the collateral damage. Tick tick, Steve. Are you going to fan the flames, or help me put them out? The last thing I want is to see someone put a bullet between your eyes because they mistake you for a Skrull, or because you won't let us monitor you for telepathic interference, or just because you don't know when to quit."
No, that's not right; he's lost the melody.
Tony finds himself thinking of the pencils in the kitchen drawer all those hundreds of feet above their heads. He gives Reed white to play as a concession.
grief—Tony finds himself missing Thor with the ache of a chronic condition.
"No," Tony says, because he can be honest with Steve if no one else. In the end, it's almost the only thing he can do for Steve. In the end, Steve thought he deserved to die, and Tony can do that, too, but right now there's this, the body, the pursuit, the job. He has to take responsibility.
not as the Tower but as 890 Fifth Avenue, which now exists as a very expensive property holding that generates no revenue. He could turn it into a museum and charge admission; people would pay plenty to see the Stark Ancestral House, never mind that it's also the place that sheltered the Avengers. The biggest fault in Tony Stark is not that he hasn't yet overwritten sentimentality but that he doesn't
art, the consequence of imagination and intuition and a gift for creating mathematical models that only a computer can imitate. It's a futurist's game. He plays it with the best.
"Not much was left. The base was abandoned by the time Stark was back on U.S. soil, and shortly after that someone cleared out everything interesting—weapons, schematics, that kind of thing." I ask her if she believes Ten Rings was hiding their tracks. "No. It's more likely that Stark was cleaning up after himself." Tony Stark is famously possessive of his proprietary technology.
STARK: That gives me more credit than I deserve.
FR: Yes, boss?
"So all this is revenge? Using Iron Man to take out Ten Rings, and then killing me to get rid of the evidence?"
Young Avengers
"Maybe you just don't know me that well," Tony suggests. Which is bullshit with a seed of truth in it—Sue's been his friend for years, his occasional business partner for almost that long, but she's never seen him at his lowest, because that's an honor reserved for those he loves the most. How else are you going to know they care about you, if you don't test them, and push them, and make them hate you?
If he'd had this data before, he could have folded it into his model in time to do something useful with it, but now he can only perform the kind of real-time calculations that make him infamous in the industry. Of course Steve thinks Tony is following some kind of higher ideal here; otherwise, Steve wouldn't even give him the courtesy of this conversation. He shouldn't feel proud. It isn't something to be proud about. And maybe Steve is right; but he's only right in the context of Tony's relativism. Steve thinks Tony is wrong for the right reasons. Tony knows Tony is right for the wrong reasons. That's the schism between them—maybe it's always been there, unpassable, impossible, absolute, the result of a divide in belief and character an atom wide but a light-year deep, the kind of fissure that isn't noticeable when you're standing above it until something new comes crawling out of the dark.
He hauls his pants up over his underwear, buttons the fly, and then digs around under one of the worktables for the old pair of boots he keeps there. There's a jacket tossed over one of his drill presses that will have to do for the rest of his attire; he doesn't have time to turn himself out. "What about the trigger?"
They're going with cornfield kidnappings b/c nbody's found bodies
"Which is why you should believe what I'm saying."
Tony jerks back. "Explain."
"Sure we are," Iron Man says. "The Daily Bugle named me Tool of the Year three years in a row. I still have the plaques."
PASSIVE MODE //
"Well," says his girl Friday, "adequate."
"With the situation as it stands, I don't see any other choice."
which meant the president.
Tony Stark is performative, Tony Stark exists entirely in liminal spaces; other people might have the comfort of home, permanence,
"Thought it was the other way around," Friday says. Today Friday is played by Norma Jeane Mortensen, herself a badly-misunderstood addict unable to orchestrate the performance of her own life. She and Tony, they're both bombshells, they're both tick-tick-ticking away until the grand swell of the finale.
"The armor takes care of that."
"It's a volatile time," Carol says. "People are angry. The public's finally starting to question whether we defend against threats or create them."
KEYNOTE SPEAKER: TONY STARK
Dawn is coming up over Manhattan. He feels a little like Arthur riding out to meet Mordred, and then he chides himself for the comparison. Tony is no Arthur, and Yinsen's son is—
"No," Iron Man says, "that's you."
DEFINITELY A CORNFIELD MURDER
Norriss, 37, started his career as a foreign correspondent in China for Fact Channel News before redefining himself as a writer and director of documentaries. He won the 2014 Ellis Visionaries Award for his film
"Square deal. Hey! Shortstack! Where to next?"
What if he had it all wrong—what if Steve is Arthur, and Tony's only ever been his Mordred?
Perhaps most notably, a handful of Senator Boynton's longtime supporters quietly withdrew their support in the weeks leading up to today's arrest. An internal memo circulated at Oscorp (
"Can't sleep?"
"Anything similar in the other two instances? Never mind, I see the pairs. Son of a bitch. That's it, then."
"I heard she's MIA," he says. "Nothing more than that. Nothing confirmed."
"The best part of you is loving me," Steve says.
TS: There's two answers to that. Do I believe it's possible? Sure. We're already capable or on the cusp of capable of a lot of the things Maya mentioned.
As he pieces together parts, he lets his imagination catapult him to the next step, and the next step, and the step after that. He imagines having a body that is modular, easily repaired or upgraded. He imagines having eyes that never tire and breath that never draws short. He imagines having the mind of a petascale computer and the heart of a super-soldier. This is Iron Man, beatified—Tony Stark 3.0, no longer really Tony Stark at all.
TS: You look like you're about nineteen, you know that, right? Also, I noticed that you didn't thank me for my time, which if we're talking going rate is a lot more valuable than Cap's.
He builds a symphony of justification. The second movement goes like this:
STARK: Not at all. You weren't picked to write the first authorized biography of Tony Stark because you're a soft sell. Pepper knows what she's doing.
"Ever what?"
SR: Only twelve hours? Usually he talks more than that.
On the second day, he talks to Pepper, talks to Rhodey, talks to Happy, talks to Pepper again. Debriefs with Hill. She had his back out there; he can't thank her for ordering the kid's assassination, but she was willing to take out Tony himself when it counted, and that more than anything secures his esteem. He already respected Hill, but now he thinks he might be willing to trust her.
BOWMAN: Eight isn't enough.
BIRCH: And what about you?
Steve, uncharacteristically, hesitates. Maybe there's too much going on inside his head for him to express, too.
"And that, ladies and gentlemen and nerds, that is the future. Your body as hardware
TS: …
win, or that you're pragmatic enough to know you won't win but determined to fight anyway."
"Ignore it. Get me Jack Kooning."
It was raining, and someone somewhere had come up with the dumb idea to have Cap's procession consist solely of a single white horse pulling a casket draped in the American flag. I like to think he would've been baffled by that, and maybe a little amused by the possibility of the horse wandering off the rails when some eight-year-old offered him a piece of candy. The horse was just as soaked and miserable as the rest of us. I hope his caretaker unhitched him later, and rubbed him down with a clean towel, and fed him a warm mash before the patter of the rain on the stable roof lulled him to sleep. I could use an evening like that; I bet he could, too.
When he wakes, he's already lit up with what recovering alcoholics like to call a
"I went twelve rounds with guys that didn't hit as hard as you," says Happy. "How was I supposed to say it? There's no way you can tell him that they want our schematics that he isn't gonna be pissed about." They're trying to soften the blow, Tony realizes, but Happy's right: after all he's done to keep Stark technology out of the wrong hands, SHIELD still thinks they have a
Tony once had shrapnel edging so close to his heart that most of the country's best surgeons deemed surgery to remove the fragments too risky to attempt. He understands the feeling of having a sharp shard of metal cut picometer by picometer through flesh and bone. This hurts in a way that is different but no less excruciating—a pain that comes from hearing exactly what he wants to hear despite knowing that it's a lie.
SR: By length of service, we've probably spent the most time leading the team.
Boynton, pale, nods his agreement.
CHABON: Chabon, uh, Jayden Chabon. How exactly does the enhancile work? I mean, it's—what you're talking about, it has to be restructuring the subject from a cellular level…?
"Is that supposed to hurt me?" She settles back on her haunches. "Let me lay it out for you, since apparently you're too impaired to figure it out yourself." She knocks the back of her hand against the gold cuff that sits like a tourniquet around his ankle and says, "I cut a deal with the DOD, and they gave me a lot of money and very little oversight, and I exploited the opportunity with extreme prejudice. And you know what I made, Tony? Do you know what I built with my own two hands?"
Steve turns away, furious, but he has it under control fast. "Friday, wake Adam and have him meet us at the quinjet. I want a full work-up by the time we lift off."
Here's one dream:
"Someone's cracking my system. You're the only person other than me who understands enough about what Extremis did to me to make that happen, but you're playing jailbird. They haven't let you near a computer since you slipped into that little orange number you're wearing. I checked. So tell me, Maya,
"No. Of course not." Tony thinks: god, he thinks: anything but this. He thinks: please, don't make me say it.
Beneath the white blanket that covers him feet to neck Happy's still—not small, a guy with that much muscle could never look small, but diminished. Something important, some animating force, is missing. There's bruising on his face. They shaved his head. Maybe that's what's missing: not his hair, but the half-bashful way Tony can imagine him running a hand over his scalp while making eyes at Pepper.
NB: Good.
SR: What?
In Alcoholics Anonymous, you're asked to submit to God
Maya had orchestrated every last movement. She'd staged the theft, passed the virus to a group of domestic terrorists, explained Extremis' capabilities in way exactly designed to catch Tony's attention. What better field-test than pitting an Extremis-enhanced enemy against Iron Man? How delighted she must have been when Tony failed and came to her door begging, how delighted she must have been to find herself with not only one but two test-subjects. Because who begged to dance on the other end of Maya's puppet string?
"Tony," Reed says.
"That you're fine?"
Her work was well ahead of her time. While the study of "super" humans had firmly established itself in biology and genetics by mid-nineties, it was still in its infancy as a topic of serious sociological import, and her paper was published in one of the field's lowest-circulating national journals. Nevertheless, Dr. Yang's system has subsequently seen wide adoption among two groups: academics and mutants—or, in the language of the SRA, parahumans.
His rock bottom: all those weeks and months when he'd crawled into a bottle, finding sanctuary only in the soft hollow glow of addiction, and the steady, subconscious knowledge of Steve's disapproval was the only thing that prevented him from drowning himself in that golden escape.
"Because it's the
BOWMAN: It's an interesting intellectual exercise, if nothing else. What is legal and what is ethical don't always align, but in this instance there's a very real and recent ethical foundation for the law. What's so special about my work? Is it really that much more visionary than the work of the other hundred people who are skirting the rules right now?
"My contacts in Congress have been assuring me that the whole deal is dead in the water. They're wrong. One way or another, registration is happening."
When he swims back to consciousness, Captain America is beating him to death.
She skitters back and forth for a while, like she can't decide what to look at first, but ultimately she's drawn to the armor. The Model 7 catches her eye first; Tony can't blame her. It's less flashy than some of his other suits, but it's also undeniably badass.
"It means something that I'm saying this in front of him," Pepper goes on. "I want you to know that."
TS: I'd like to talk to Ms. Cervantes now.
BOWMAN: Why waste resources?
himself for the first time, did he realize how censored his mother's tales were. The romance in the source was balanced by a kind of thoughtless brutality that other people might have excused as being 'of the time.' Tony didn't like that excuse, but there was still something there that drew him back to Malory, whose work was far from the earliest but who still loomed over everyone who came both before and after.
Tony boarded the elevator without alerting Steve or checking the cameras. When the doors opened on Steve’s old floor – long since vacated, with most of Steve’s personal belongings locked away at the Avengers Facility upstate – the first thing Tony noticed was the smell of bleach. He followed it to the bedroom, where Steve was sitting, naked, on the side of the bed, one leg curled under him and the other hanging over the side of the mattress, hands folded modestly in his lap.
There's no excuse for being this late on a promised chapter, but I'll offer a couple, anyway: between my grandparents' deaths, trying to establish a new life in a new city, and general ennui, I had a good bit of trouble just sitting down to write this. When I finally did, I ended up writing and rewriting the hell out of it. This is the third rewrite and is still very, very rough, but I figure it's about time I posted SOMETHING.
“You remember our safe word?” Tony asked quietly.
again, and he hoped with every beat of his heart that he offered at least half of something as poignant and perfect to Tony as well.
Tony cut himself off with a laugh as Steve lowered himself to his knees, unbuckledTony’s belt, and promptly smacked himself in the nose with the end of it.
, Tony’s forebrain supplied, while his hindbrain recalled only the helmet he’d emulated with aluminum foil as a child). He hated how pink Steve’s lips were, and truly, he hated how weirdly perfect Steve’s teeth were without dental intervention. He hated how Steve genuinely looked like he’d never been punched in the mouth, how he could show up in jeans and a t-shirt with that fucking half-smile and no bags under his eyes and –
Tony looked up to find Steve smiling – a sort of sad smile, but still warm and understanding and a
Three hours later, Tony was still in the workshop. Steve hadn’t come or sent for Tony, and Tony hadn’t asked JARVIS if Steve was still there. He was starting to come back into himself, though, and while he would have usually resented having to (proverbially) come back to Earth, he now felt less dangerously volatile.
Tony drew his hands away from Steve to retrieve a pair of gloves and a bottle of lube from the bag. He noticed Steve raise his head at the sound of the nitrile snapping around Tony’s wrist, but Steve slowly lowered his head back to the pillow when Tony snapped the lubricant tube open.
“Then pray to me.”
“Good.”
“Can I…?”
“I’ll get back to you on that.” Steve sat up and gingerly swung his legs over the side of the bed so he was facing Tony. “First things first – it’s time to change my dressing.”
Steve had never been very good at knowing what Tony needed, but Steve was the first since Pepper to anticipate what Tony wanted, usually because it was what Steve wanted, too. For a while, they
“I’m sorry,” Steve said again. Tony lowered his hand from Steve’s throat to his shoulder, bowed his head until his forehead met Steve’s clavicle, the pounding of the dresser into the wall behind punctuating Steve’s continued, breathless mantra as Tony moaned and sighed and sobbed.
Tony’s shoulders shuddered as his grip tightened around Steve’s arms, and Steve released Tony’s legs to wrap his arms around Tony, who slid out of the chair and onto the floor. He hid his face against Steve’s neck, still rocking his head side-to-side, and began to sob in earnest. Steve swallowed against the burning in his own throat, closed his eyes as his vision began to blur, but didn’t release Tony as his own tears began to trickle down his jaw toward Tony’s hair.
He hadn’t called Steve. He’d thought about it, even gotten as far unlocking the drawer where he’d stashed the burner, but he hadn’t touched the phone, and he’d be damned if he broke his streak now.
Shit.
“Sam.”
Now Steve could see Bucky when he frowned, and something cold fell into the pit of Steve’s stomach even as Bucky slapped him again.
And then Steve turned to Tony and raised his left hand, palm facing out. Tony mirrored the motion, but the Gauntlet was too large to bring his fingertips to Steve’s, and so their hands hovered there, fractions of an inch apart, until Steve smiled, nodded, and pressed his hand to the Gauntlet’s palm.
“Indulge me,” he said. “Was it worth it?”
“Me, too.”
Steve shook his head, even as he opened his eyes and sent more tears falling. His eyelashes were darker now, clumping together, and still his eyes were the clearest and truest Tony had ever seen them.
Tony hated how long Steve’s eyelashes were. He hated how Steve could look absolutely cherubic even when lying to Tony’s face.  He hated how Steve styled his hair since getting it cut like a proper twenty-first century man should, hated how it was always looked like he’d casually styled it even after wearing a helmet (
“No,” Tony breathed. “Don’t stop yet. Don’t stop yet. Can you come?”
Or. Maybe because they weren’t.
“Buck -- ”
“Where the fuck – what did he do? What did all of you
His forehead slid against Tony’s throat, both of them slick with sweat and tears, as his back bowed and he came, and came, and came.
“You’re quiet,” Tony said. His wrist was already starting to hurt, but he pushed in further, started rocking harder, until Steve finally lifted his head.
He turned. Behind him rose two gargantuan stone pillars; floating by the one to his left was an ephemeral, cloaked figure, and seated by the one to his right was Thanos. He was bereft of his armor and, it appeared, some of his
, as though losing the Gauntlet to the Avengers had cost him more than just his material victory.
Between gasps and groans, Steve seemed to be trying to form words. The familiarity of it was a blow to Tony’s resolve, but when Steve finally strung his words together, Tony was newly alight.
“It’s okay,” he said.
, okay, Tony, okay – ”
“You’re still dressed.”
“And –
Tony closed the distance between them, unwound his arms to grab hold of the front of Steve’s shirt. Steve hissed in surprise, wrapped his hands around Tony’s wrists, but when Tony put the full force of his body into pulling Steve forward, Steve willingly dropped to his knees. Tony released Steve’s shirt, moved one hand to Steve’s shoulder and grasped Steve’s hair with the other, pulled Steve’s head back and forced him to look up at Tony.
Tony shook his head, and Steve, to his credit, dropped his jaw a little in surprise.
Rhodey and Natasha, Tony noticed, were silent and stone-faced, at least until Steve approached them.
“Maybe. You interested?”
Concrit is welcome and encouraged. The next part will deviate from established canon and have significantly more plot, but I think I'm going to refrain from promising a post date, ha. I hope this was worth the wait.
“Hey,” Steve said, too quietly to sound anything like Captain America. He looked up, looked Tony dead in the eye. “You look good.”
“Thor hasn’t been wrong about any of this yet,” Steve said. “Nebula knows more than any of us about the Stones. If they’re right…”
, Tony, I’m so close! – I’m so close I’m so closeI’msoclose – ”
“JARVIS.”
“I missed you,” he said again, and Tony wasn’t sure if Steve sounded like he was choking on the words because of the hand around his throat or because they were true.
“Can we talk?”
what I -- ”
The corners of Tony’s lips quirked upward, and he didn’t miss when Steve mirrored the movement.
The silence on the other end of the line was so deafening that Steve was almost certain that Tony had hung up on him -- almost, but not certain enough to pull the phone away and check. His patience rewarded him with a tinny but clearly exhausted sigh.
“Shut up,” Tony said suddenly. Steve started to sit up, but Tony crossed his ankles behind Steve’s ass, reached up and pulled Steve back down by the collar of his uniform until he was laying flush on top of Tony – and then, finally, Steve let himself feel the urgency Tony had been trying to suppress and rocked his hips against Tony’s, kissed Tony until he himself started to feel lightheaded, paused to pull his gloves off with his teeth and slide a hand under Tony’s waistband. Tony seemed to be trying to remove the top of Steve’s uniform, but he also seemed reluctant to put space between them again, so after a few seconds he seemed satisfied with returning his hands to Steve’s hair.
Tony was silent as he rocked his hand at the wrist, slowly, until Steve started pressing back onto his hand. He could hear Steve gulping for air, stifling himself, and he lashed out with his free hand to slap Steve’s ass.
“I’m sorry I left, I’m sorry – I’m sorry I lied, I’m sorry I – I played right into his trap, I’m sorry I didn’t protect you, I’m sorry – ”
“Almost a year, right?” Steve said, but he stayed put as Tony stretched the ring around Steve’s cock. Only once it was in place did Tony look up at Steve.
" – well after Steve’s body would let him in, and Tony would have one hand on Steve’s cock and the other in Steve’s ass up to his wrist and even when Steve started begging, or moaning, or screaming, still Tony would whisper to him, “
“No.”
“Will you touch me?” he asked.
“Please,” Steve growled between haggard breaths. “Tony. Please.”
“One of these days, you’re gonna get your ass kicked beyond repair,” Bucky said. He grabbed hold of Steve’s ass and squeezed, then slapped him again.
So Steve rubbed his thumb along the head of Tony’s cock until it shone with precum, then did the same to himself – and then he pulled his foreskin past the head of his cock and over Tony’s. Tony’s hand stilled at the base of his cock as Steve engulfed him, and then he slowly unfurled his fingers and brought them to rest on Steve’s bicep.
“No,” Tony said, and now he could feel the fire rekindling, the inferno that had built him up and torn him down and built him up again and again – the fantasy of self-preservation, the compulsion to self-destruct, all of the imagined justices he knew he didn’t really deserve crumbling to ash from the heat of all the culpability he knew was only his to carry – a flame he’d only known how to extinguish with booze and bodies before he’d built his first suit of armor.
A red handprint ringed Steve’s neck.
The elevator doors opened, and Tony barely stopped himself hissing through his teeth. He forced himself to look at Steve – the real Steve, the one standing in front of him with his hand propped against the elevator doorway to keep it open, not the one he’d been mulling over in his mind’s eye for over half a year – but didn’t say anything as he forced a clearly artificial smile and waved Steve inside. Tony had almost perfectly predicted how Steve would look – casual clothes, gently mussed hair, those goddamn fucking eyelashes – but he hadn’t anticipated how much deeper the lines around Steve’s mouth would be, as though he hadn’t stopped frowning since they’d parted ways in Siberia.
“You’re a smart guy, Tony. And a sneaky one. I know you know what my life was like before I became Captain America.”
“The hell did you just say?” Tony hissed.
He raised himself up far enough to get a hand between them and, with Tony’s help, free both of their cocks. Tony was only half-hard but reached for Steve instead of himself, which Steve belayed by gently brushing his hand away.
“Mmm.” Steve slid his hands down Tony’s stomach toward his belt. “I guess I can make it quick.”
“I’ll think about it,” he repeated.
“You will not come until I tell you to. Do you understand?”
“I got you,” Steve said.
Tony twisted his thumb and watched the muscles of Steve’s back ripple from that small, simple movement.
Back in the old days.
Tony rolled his eyes and leaned forward, unfolding his arms to prop his elbows on his knees. He didn’t miss Steve’s sigh of relief.
Steve shook his head against the pillow.
“I trimmed up this morning,” Steve said. He began to trail a line of rough, open-mouthed kisses up Tony’s abdomen. “Best shower I’ve had in years.”
He made it to twenty-three minutes before Steve reached behind him, grasping blindly for Tony.
“Do you want me to stop?” Tony said, barely a whisper, as he continued to mercilessly fuck Steve.
Steve followed Tony’s order, and damn if Tony wasn’t momentarily mesmerized by the heaving of Steve’s chest and the flush of his face. He did, however, have the wherewithal to wipe the gauntlet against the bedspread before reaching back into the bag beside him and withdrawing a cock ring.
Steve looked up at Tony again but said nothing. Instead, he looked Tony over, taking in the athletic shirt and pants Tony usually wore under in anticipation of armoring up. When their gazes met again, Tony crossed the room to stand in front of Steve, who in turn planted both feet on the floor and faced Tony straight-on.
Tony leaned over Steve, clamped his gauntleted hand around Steve’s jaw. Steve’s eyes flew open to meet Tony’s.
“Yeah,” Steve said. “You.”
“Yeah.” Steve laughed lightly, undoubtedly at the shock that Tony was clearly failing to hide. “Tony, I trust you with my life. I think you can handle making sure I get my three square meals a day and don’t get out of bed until I get Bruce’s blessing.”
-- no, I won’t,” Steve said with a satisfied smile. “You’ll be there.”
“Yikes. If that gets you nervous, you might be losing your edge, old man.”
lasts.”
“Oh, God,” he said, as soon as he found himself again. He lifted his hips away from Tony’s and looked between them to see that they were still joined, let himself cherish the resistance as his cock refused to release Tony before reaching down to carefully pull his foreskin back and catch his come. Tony was quick to sit up as Steve sat back on his haunches, a little lost now without Tony inside him, but then Tony took hold of Steve’s wrist and ran his tongue, broad and flat, up Steve’s palm. He watched with all the intensity of a man with a minute left to live as Tony swallowed Steve’s come and then laced his fingers with Steve’s and pulled their hands over his heart, just to the left of the nanite housing on his chest.
“Then why am I here?”
Steve straightened out until his knees were perfect right angles, so Tony could see Steve’s balls already drawing tight, his cock hanging heavy beneath him.
“Fuuuck, no, Tony, I can’t…”
“You did?”
Fuck, fuck, fuck….” Steve began to chant in time to Tony’s fingers, growing louder and harsher and less coherent as Tony picked up speed. With the gauntlet, Tony could go on for hours if he wanted.
“Yes.”
“I thought about it,” he admitted in a croak.
until he came.)
“Hey, I was given a job, Spangles. Maybe if you didn’t make it a habit of
Tony straightened up, shifted his hips up Steve’s stomach, slicked up his gloved hand, and reached behind him for Steve’s cock, his fingers in a tight
Something shifted then – not just Tony in Steve’s arms, but the inevitability of what they’d just decided, what it meant for this moment now. They had twenty-five minutes to air out their past ten years, but before Tony had even raised his head again, Steve had already decided that the time for talk had come and gone, and he could sense that Tony had as well.
“I’ll never have a good enough explanation. I know I won’t. What I did was…” Steve shook his head, sighing, “Bucky, he- he was the last connection to my old life. Before I went into the ice. Having him back, it just.. I don’t know, it triggers something in me. Brings me back to then. It makes me weak, vulnerable. Not myself. But that’s not an excuse, okay? What I did was… I don’t expect you to forgive me.” Steve grabbed Tony’s hands, running his fingers over the soft skin. Tony wants to pull away, but his brain doesn’t seem to be controlling his body anymore, “But I couldn’t handle it if I didn’t try to make amends.”
nonetheless – and dropped his hands.
“On your elbows.”
“Mr. Stark! Did you – did you use the thingy? The Gauntlet?”
He waved toward the shade of Johann Schmidt.
“I don’t hear any talking,” Tony said, lifting his free hand again.
“I wanna – ” Tony sighed roughly. “I know we don’t – there’s not much time – ”
,” but nothing more.
“Wasn’t sure when you’d be here,” Steve said. He seemed to be aiming for matter-of-fact, but the depth and coarseness of his voice revealed his uncertainty.
“Come for me,” Tony said. “Please come for me.”
Tony slapped him again. Steve released a huffed “
“So are you,” Steve gasped.
Tony slapped him again, on exactly the same spot, and this time Steve cried out.
And damn if Steve didn’t look a little coy himself. Maybe this wouldn’t be so hard after all.
Tony swallowed. So far, Steve hadn’t hesitated once.
Tony tried to ignore the sharp twist behind his heart.
There was no dust, no light, no darkness, no fanfare. In one moment, Steve was standing there, and in next, Sam and Bucky were in his place. As Tony lowered his hand, he saw Wanda standing near Rhodey and Natasha; past them, where Rocket had been sulking alone, now stood almost the entire Guardians team.
Steve inhaled deeply through his nose and bowed his head. On his knees and elbows with his ass in the air, he couldn’t turn far enough to see Bucky, but he could hear him well enough when he huffed a sardonic laugh.
“I’m close, I’m close, I’m so close, Tony, Tony – ”
Steve’s shoulders hitched as he inhaled.
way from getting to fuck me.”
“But I’ve never been very good at knowing what’s good for me,” Tony added. “Now get on your knees and face the headboard.”
Steve shook his head.
“You’re going to beg,” Tony growled.
He was standing on the edge of a cliff, his entire field of vision filled with an overcast sky stained orange and violet by a massive eclipse. He looked down, and at the bottom of the precipice was a vast, bare plane; it was difficult to tell for the distance, but he thought he could see a figure splayed across the ice-strewn stone. He could also see snow falling, but he couldn’t feel the flakes against his face, or even register the cold.
Then Tony took Steve’s wrists in his hands and planted them next to Steve’s head.
“Not yet.”
“No, come on, Tony,
, I get it, I won’t be quiet!”
“Who, me?” Tony said. Steve huffed a dry laugh.
“Too bad I don’t have time for a shave,” Steve said thickly as Tony slid his jaw along Steve’s.
Tony tightened his hold. Steve drew in a deep breath and extended his arms to wrap his hands around the bottom of the headboard.
a talent of mine.”
Ow. Even knowing it was coming, Tony couldn’t ignore the stutter of his heart. Rationally, he knew he wasn’t being shooed away, but Steve’s words stung nevertheless as they demonstrated to Tony that, once again, he was masking his intentions with aloofness and sarcasm. And that he was kind of an insensitive jerk. Of course Steve wouldn’t want anyone doting on him; he was supposed to be past this now, the beacon of strength without needing anyone’s support. Tony could recognize the lone gunslinger act when he saw it.
Tony bared Steve’s hole and slowly started to work his index finger into Steve before answering.
“Is this you being contrite? We’ll see how long
“No promises,” she said. They embraced, and she pressed a lingering kiss to his temple before they parted.
“N-no – ”
“Good boy,” Tony said. “Now turn over, on your back.”
“It’s okay,” he said again, this time into Tony’s hair. “This is my choice.”
<Sir?>
<Yes, sir.>
finished each other’s sentences, they
“Only Sam,” Steve said, gaze still locked with Tony’s. “Tony. I swear.”
Steve dropped his forehead to Tony’s shoulder, but Tony was already shaking his head and closing a fist in Steve’s hair again.
,” the cloaked figure said, almost in genuine greeting.
Tony snatched Steve’s chin in his hand. Steve’s hands stayed in his lap.
Tony grabbed hold of Steve’s elbows.
“I don’t….”
Steve closed his hand back around where they were now joined and leaned forward as far as he could to kiss Tony again.
Tony abruptly crawled off Steve, off the bed, and pointed to the dresser.
“Can we…” Steve propped his hands low on his hips, pulled his elbows back. Maybe opening his chest was supposed to look vulnerable or trusting, but the gesture reminded Tony of an argument over a log pile. That one hadn’t come to blows; the hitting had come later, when Tony had once again been trying to redeem himself.
“Oh, God,” Steve moaned.
– FUCK –
“We’ve barely started,” Tony said, though he knew almost an hour and a half had already passed. Steve never had been terribly patient when it came to getting edged, and as far as edging Tony – well. He’d never really had it in him not to give in almost as soon as Tony had started to beg.
“I don’t think I can come,” Tony said, the words leaden with regret.
Tony pressed his thumb to Steve’s rim. Steve instinctively tensed and shifted forward, away from the chilling metal, but he was quick to come back, and Tony let Steve push himself onto his thumb.
Steve dropped his gaze and nodded.
Tony paused in the doorway. Steve immediately turned to look at him.
“If you want to be here, that’s one thing, but I don’t want you to feel obligated to stay just because Fury told you to. I know this isn’t your thing, and I’m going to be on my feet in a couple days, anyway, so please. Just…go do whatever you’d rather be doing, and I’ll see you at dinner.”
“Don’t know how many times I have to fucking tell you,” Bucky said with a loud final
Tony frowned and pulled his arms tighter against his chest but remained seated, his right leg bouncing manically. Steve hadn’t made eye contact with him since he’d arrived – highly uncharacteristic, to be sure – and Tony was having none of it. Supernanny he may not be, but if there was one thing Tony hated more than the pressure of taking care of a bedridden teammate, it was the ever-present fear of failure. He was going to take care of Steve per Nick Fury’s orders, goddammit, and he was going to do it
