Dean hadn’t been ice skating since he was a kid, but he figured it was like riding a bike. He slipped the skates on and looked over to see Cas doing the same. He wasn’t sure how coordinated a newly human Cas would be out on the ice, but figured it would be fun regardless.
“Dean, I’ve known the whole time how you feel about me, but I saw all the conflict that you felt with it. The doubt I had was if you’d
Cas squinted up at him. “Dean, we both live here.”
Cas stood and turned around, his eyes squinted in confusion. “Dean, what was that you just said?”
Sam looked over his shoulder and smirked. “Yeah, he’ll be fine. I’ll find a cure for you guys and then you’ll be good as new,” he said as he pulled out his laptop and began searching.
“Are you up for the case tonight? I mean, it’ll be your first case being newly human and all, so it’s understandable if you need a little more time to get your barrings,” Dean said as he studied him.
“Cas, um, I was just coming to see you.”
“Okay, so we need to turn left up here,” Sam said, interrupting his thoughts and pointing to a stop sign a few hundred feet ahead.
“I don’t know, Sam. Things are getting, um, complicated to say the least,” Cas said.
The Deal
Dean’s green eyes widened. “The show?”
With Cas’ body pressing against his, he swallowed hard, his eyes searching Cas’. He licked his lips and said, “I give myself over wholly to you, and only you, Cas.”
Sam turned to study him, his face scrunched in confusion at his peculiar actions. “Dude, what’s the rush? I haven’t even finished what I was saying and we need a plan before we take on this case.”
Sam coughed and they broke their kiss and stared at him.
The field was awash with hundreds of red roses. It was breathtaking and Dean shifted uncomfortably when his hand accidentally brushed against Cas’s. He gave him a sideways look wondering if Cas had also felt that jolt when their hands had touched. He figured Cas’s angelic powers must be in overdrive or something.
Sam’s eyes widened. “He did?”
Dean’s eyebrows shot up. “A wuss?” he asked as he took a few steps toward Cas.
“Dean, I don’t think I can go out there,” Cas said as he stared out at the ice rink.
“Yes, we’re with the FBI, ma’am, and we just need to ask you a few questions about a Natasha Brown who had recently visited your shop just yesterday.” Sam held up a picture of the young woman and asked, “Does she look familiar to you?”
Anger stirred in Dean at the look on Cas’s face. He needed Cas to be strong, because he knew when it came to letting people in, he was weak. “Cas, don’t you dare do this,” Dean said, his tone turning stern.
Dean started laughing.
Sam rested his hands on his hips and smiled wide. “Finally.”
Dean grabbed the salt and held it out for Cas. He grabbed it, and as their fingers touched, he felt a shock of electricity run between them. Dean quickly pulled back and began pushing food around on his plate, clenching his jaw as he did.
“Hey, what were you doing?” Sam asked, looking from Dean to Cas’ closed door.
Sam looked back and forth between them, clearly amused by the interaction.
“Dean!” Cas growled.
“It’s sizing us up,” Cas stated.
“I’m Dean, this is Cas,” Dean said as he shook her hand.
“Cas, dammit, open your eyes so I know you’re okay,” Dean said as he gently wiped away ash that covered Cas’s eyelids.
Chapter 3
“Uh,” he cleared his throat. “Hey, Cas,” he finally said, the quiver in his voice was undeniable and he saw Cas’ eyes soften. He took a small step forward, hesitant and unsure as to how Cas would react, and whispered softly, “I’m home.”
“Excuse me, but we were in some fantasy land fighting freaking monsters and riding a damn unicorn. And why the hell are you just sitting there? Did you not look for us?” Dean asked as he took Cas’s hand and stood.
Cas’ eyes flew to hers as understanding hit him. His eyes widened. “Um, thanks,” he said as he quickly downed the shot.
Thick fog welcomed them into the woods like a lover. It embraced them, and the waves of moisture caressed their clothes and clung to their skin, making it hard to breathe. The unicorn finally slowed down as they followed a narrow trail that led deeper into the woods. The unicorn seemed to know where to go so Cas didn’t have to direct it at all. Dean relaxed a little, loosening his grip and letting his hands fall casually to Cas’s thighs. Once again he felt a surge of electricity, but this time it was more subtle than before. He felt Cas tense slightly when it had happened and that was when he knew Cas had been feeling it too. He wanted to ask him about it, but didn’t know how to bring it up. Instead, he kept the question to the issue at hand. “How do you think we’re going to get out of here?”
Dean reached for Cas’ hand and intertwined it in his own, a hesitant, but proud grin on his face. He wasn’t sure what Sam’s reaction would be, but knew he’d be supportive either way.
He gave a Cas a nod and said, “Well, let’s hit the road.”
They retrieved their swords from the pile of ash before disappearing over the hill, hand in hand.
They heard hoof beats thundering towards them as the animal got closer, and suddenly a white horse pushed through the roses and came completely into view, coming straight at them. “It’s not slowing down.” Cas’s voice didn’t waver, but his hand fisted tightly into Dean’s shirt as he prepared to fight for him.
“Well, it had Sarah’s number on it. I don’t have it memorized and I need to call her to tell her I’ll be there to pick her up soon.”
“Dean, we’re working a case right now,” Sam said as he hurried to catch up.
“I’ll be fine, Dean.” He looked down at the cheese puffs that were scattered all over the car. His face softened apologetically as he said, “Sorry for another mess. I’ll clean it up when we get back.”
“I’ll be back later,” Cas said and headed out the door.
Dean gave the guy money and they climbed inside the buggy. The click clack of horse’s hooves echoed in the air and Cas looked out his side as they rode deeper into the city. Dean tried to focus on the scenery, since that’s what the buggy ride was for, but Cas’ leg was pressed against his own and every so often the hand that Cas had rested on his thigh would brush his leg. It was distracting, and then Cas leaned over him, pointing at the ice skating rink to Dean’s left.
“Yeah, wow is right,” Dean said as he began walking around and looking at all the art.
Dean’s eyes shifted from side to side. “Um, just heading to my room. Why, ya need something?”
His eyes suddenly lit up as he said, “I’ll ask Sarah.”
“So, you’ve been hearing voices and seeing things move around?” Dean questioned.
“Dean?”
Sam shot him an exasperated look. “Sure. What is going on with you? You’ve been on edge ever since you got here. And Cas is acting weirder than normal, too.”
“Get ready to grab an end,” Dean said as he grabbed one end of the tree. He watched Cas hurry and grab the other end and they headed to the front to pay.
Dean jerked his arm free and said, “I said I’m fine, Sam. I’ve dealt with worse.” He gave Sam one last look before turning and knocking on the door.
Cas looked at him with blue eyes full of tenderness and said, “Dean, you never needed an excuse to kiss me. I’ve been waiting this whole time for you to be ready.”
“Of course, Dean, you know I’m always here for you. Sounds like an easy case, anyway,” Cas said.
He paced faster as his body ached harder. Every need flowed through his body in painful waves. He dragged a hand through his hair and pushed his bedroom door open, not able to fight it any longer. As he rounded the corner, he came face to face with a disheveled Cas. They both stopped and stared at each other, chests heaving hard, and lips parted in surprise.
Frowning, Dean pulled him in closer and said, “Why did you stop kissing me?”
“Sorry, Dean, but there’s a Christmas Extravaganza next weekend about a half hour from us. They’ll be turning on the lights downtown and serving hot chocolate. Oh, and they’ll even have an ice skating rink set up.”
Dean nodded at Sam’s comment, because this was their first real Christmas, and he didn’t think it would’ve ever happened if Cas wasn’t here.
“Uh,” Sam began, squinting at Cas’ sweater vest and the blue plaid shirt underneath it. He nodded and shrugged. “Yeah, it looks great, Cas.”
Dean looked up at the greenery that hung above their heads like a sign, and then at Cas who had his eyebrows raised at him expectantly. He swallowed, shrugged his shoulders, and said, “Yes, it is.”  And without thinking about what he was doing, he took two steps towards Cas, put his hands on his cheeks, and pulled him into a kiss. To Dean’s surprise, Cas didn’t balk or stand frozen in fear. Instead, he melted into the kiss, sliding his tongue into his and deepening the kiss between them. His hand wrapped around Dean’s neck, pulling him closer until their bodies were pressing against each other. Dean could feel the rise and fall of Cas’ chest as his breathing quickened. He could feel the warmth of his body taking away the chill of the cold, winter night. But most of all, he felt all of his insecurities dissolve in that kiss. Because in that moment, he realized Cas had wanted this just as much as he had.
Dean leaned back, suddenly feeling bad for laughing at him. He kept forgetting this was his first time being human. Everything was new to him and it was probably overwhelming. “Sorry, Cas. I keep forgetting things are different for you now. But, I don’t have anything to put on that, so you’ll just have to tough it out until later.”
Chapter 6
It was the day of the Extravaganza and Dean stood staring at his reflection in the bathroom mirror. He rubbed a hand down his face as he thought about the phone call he’d just made. Sure, it wasn’t a nice thing to do, but sometimes things had to be done. The girl probably wasn’t good enough for Cas anyway. At least, that’s what he told himself.
Chapter 5
Sighing, Sam opened the door and stepped out into the frigid air. He watched Dean pace back and forth, his lips pressed into a tight line, as he shook his head, mumbling to himself, oblivious to Sam staring at him.
They followed behind her, Dean casually looking from left to right, always on guard. The old boards creaked as they walked across the huge wraparound porch and into the house. Dean felt Cas tense behind him which caused him to be on guard even more. There was definitely something off about this place. An energy hummed inside, just like what they’d felt when they had pulled into the driveway.
“Fine, whatever,” Dean sighed. He was an hour from the bunker so he’d just have to grab a hotel room tonight and head home in the morning.
“I can’t read it,” Dean said and then cocked his head in confusion when he heard, “
“I’m not sure either, Cas. I mean, I didn’t take you for a klutz, but…” Dean teased.
Shaking his head, Dean walked up to him and read what was on the front of the apron out loud. “Kiss the Cook.” He shrugged and said, “Okay, I can do that.” He leaned in and gave Cas a tender kiss. He pulled away and rested his forehead against his and said, “Don’t ever scare me like that again. Just tell me when you’re going out, okay.”
Dean looked over to see Cas’ eyebrows raised in question. “Yeah, we can go ice skating, Cas,” he said as they began walking down the busy sidewalk.
“Yes, it did,” he said, his lips brushing softly against Cas’. “Come on, lets go inside, I need to have a word with my meddling brother,” Dean said as he grabbed Cas’ hand and opened the door.
Dean pulled the pillow out from beneath his head and swatted Cas with it.
The sun rose even more, casting its rays across their faces. Birds began chirping as morning descended upon them and Dean felt reluctant to get up, but knew they needed to start their search for a way home. “We should get going,” he said hesitantly.
Dean took another few steps and took his face in his hands. “I can be stubborn,” he said with a laugh.
“If my heart explodes, Sam, I’ll be dead. Again.” He could feel Cas staring at him, could feel the worry that emanated from him, could feel Cas’ need to comfort him. He gritted his teeth and tried to push the need to seek him out from his mind. They were on a case right now and he needed to fight this. He needed his thoughts to be clear, not muddled with this damn spell, or the promise of love that would never be once this spell was lifted. As soon as those thoughts formed, his heart throbbed painfully with an intense ache, causing him to bend over and clutch his chest.
Cas nodded and they began to pick up speed.
Dean leaned in close, his lips brushing against Cas’s cheek. “Anyway, I wanted you to kiss me this morning because I do love you,” he stated and then pressed a kiss to own up to the confession, doing everything in his power to make sure Cas had no doubt about his feelings.
“Then why did you never say anything before?”
Dean’s eyes flew to Cas again and he nodded. “No, we’re fine. But, it seems the spell has a twist that makes us, uh, also desire each other. So it seems the only stuff we’re seeing or feeling is all kinda intimate stuff. If you know what I mean,” his voice trailed off at the end and he tilted his head back and pinched the bridge of his nose.
Sam looked at Cas. “Is everything alright between you two?”
Dean looked over at Cas, smiled, and said, “I guess I just needed a little kick in the ass.”
Dean broke away from Cas’ stare. “Yeah. I’m fine. I think the spell is getting more intense. It’s hitting me, um, physically now.” He walked off and said, “It’s nothing I can’t handle though. Let’s go.”
“You’ll do fine. I won’t leave your side, I promise,” Dean said.
Cas frowned at what he’d just heard in his head and looked down at the buttons on his shirt. He ran his slender fingers across them deep in thought at Dean’s thoughts, not realizing he just caused the top of his shirt to gape open, exposing part of his chest.
The unicorn walked out from behind a tree and stopped in front of them. It turned its head to Cas and nudged him, demanding attention. Cas smiled and patted the horse on the neck.
A half hour later they were pulling up to the motel Sam said he’d rented. Cas grabbed the handle and was about to get out when Dean stopped him.
“Why did you wait until now? We could’ve been researching how to end it instead of eating at some local dive.”
His door unlocked in a loud click and suddenly Dean was able to move. He rubbed his arm and cocked his head at the driver, the urge to kill this weird cab driver was gone and a sense of peace suddenly filled him. He turned to look at the house in front of him and saw a shadow through the window. He opened the door and stepped out just as the front door opened. He walked slowly to the steps and looked up, his breath catching in his throat as he came face to face with Cas.
“Wait Cas, don’t you think we need to make sure it’s actually dead?” Dean asked as he took a few steps toward him.
Dean followed behind him and felt something clanging against his waist. He looked down and saw he now had a sword hanging from his belt. “Well, it looks like she wants us to be prepared to fight something,” Dean said as he pulled the sword free and examined it.
The hoarse cries from Dean beckoned him to fight past the darkness that threatened to sweep him away. He began to fervently push against the monster with the little ounce of strength he had left, but the beast was enormous. He couldn’t heal himself while he was fighting to stay alive. He needed out from under the monster to be able to use his powers correctly. He winced when a loud pop exploded against his ears, and within seconds, he was nestled in a bed of ashes. He heard Dean clearly yelling his name now and felt hands gently rubbing against his face.
“Dean, I think I’ve got it now,” Cas said.
“Yes, Dean, I know and I feel the same way,” he said calmly and squinted as the sun seemed to shine down on them even brighter. He was glad that Dean had finally told him that he loved him, it was something that made him feel complete, but he still had doubt that Dean meant it the way he did. The fact that Dean had said he loved him more than just a brother wasn’t lost on him, but he wasn’t sure that Dean knew how deeply he truly loved him. He turned his gaze back to Dean and asked, “Is that…okay?”
Sam laughed and said, “That’s not what I was talking about. It’s about time you guys finally admit your feelings. You don’t know how many times I’ve wanted to lock you two in the closet myself and not let you out until you’ve admitted it.”
“Dean, I’m sorry. I can’t…” Cas began.
Chapter 2
Dean blew out a puff of air and looked to the car where Cas sat in the backseat. He forced his attention back to Sam. “Cas spilled a potion or something and we got the crap all over our hands,” Dean mumbled.
A sudden rush of energy blew into the closet and Cas grabbed Dean’s shoulder. “Something is happening. Stay back,” he said as he pushed Dean behind him.
Sam looked up from his laptop when he heard the front door open and then his eyes widened when he saw their hands intertwined. A knowing smile slowly crept across his face as he said, “So, how’d this non-date go?”
Dean’s eyes widened in panic. “No, Cas. I’m not afraid of being with you. I’m…” His eyes danced around. He was never good with expressing his feelings. “I’m afraid of losing what we have in this moment right now. How can we keep this when we’re always fighting to stay alive or trying to save people? Here, it’s just us. Back home, we’re hunters. Our love can be used against us even more now.” The more he talked about his feelings, the more he began to fidget. “I don’t know, man,” he started, and then shoved a hand in his hair in frustration. “Maybe we’re just kidding ourselves here.”
Disintegrating Denial
That made sense to Dean because he knew he could be a stubborn man. And it nearly broke him in two to realize everything Cas had lost for him and that it took a spell to give him the courage to admit he loved Cas more than a friend. “I’m sorry, Cas,” he said with a sigh.
The last thing Dean remembered was Cas kissing the top of his head.
The witch shrugged. “Okay, but that spell you have on you, will eventually kill you. Your heart will ache until it eventually breaks. A classic example of heartbreak.”
“Wait, it what?” Sam asked.
“Dean, it’s beautiful,” Cas whispered. His lips brushed against the side of Dean’s neck when he spoke, and he thought about moving, but he stayed put like Dean had asked him to.
“It’s about time, sleeping beauty. I thought I might have to come kiss you to wake you up or send Cas in to do it,” Sam said with a laugh.
But the knowing smile on Cas’ face let him know he was not doing a good job of blocking his thoughts.
“Okay,” Cas said, his voice was deep and rough as if he’d just woken up himself, but he’d been awake all night listening for any noises that signified a predator was getting close. He slid his legs in between Dean’s and relaxed as he nuzzled up against him.
“Dean…” Cas started to take a step towards him, his eyes full of worry, but Dean cut him off.
“Sorry, Dean,” Cas said, and as he leaned down and gave him a light kiss, they heard a loud squeal behind them. They both turned their heads and saw the girl, Heather, bouncing up and down in excitement.
“And you’re perfect, Dean? As if you never push me away when you’re angry or hurt or feeling any kind of emotion in the least bit?” Cas challenged, his tone was rimmed in anger even though he didn’t want to be angry at Dean. But he was feeling all these emotions that he wasn’t used to and it was clouding his judgment.
“Even though we were fighting for our lives in that weird land, I slept better next to you than I have my entire life. It was nice and I don’t want it to stop.”
“I can see the aura of magic around you. I saw it when I opened the door. But, it’s getting worse, isn’t it?” she asked, her eyes dancing around him, seeing something that no one else could. Her eyes lit up as she said, “I can help you. Let me walk free and I’ll tell you how to rid yourself of the spell.”
A low grumble came from Dean’s throat as he ran a hand through his hair, causing it to stand up in spots.
“Yes, it was, Dean,” Cas agreed, giving him another kiss before collapsing on the bed next to him. He wrapped his arms around him and pulled him in close as he began absently running his hand through Dean’s hair.
She eyed him wearily and then smirked.
“Ah, so you and Cas had a pillow fight before bedtime,” Sam said laughing.
“I hear a lot of noises in the closet at night, but I can never make myself open the door,” she said with a laugh and nervously twirled a strand of hair around her finger.
“What the hell is that?” Dean asked as he held up his hand to shield his eyes from the sun.
“Cas?” Dean said, confused by Cas’s reaction.
Cas looked away. “I didn’t think you wanted me. To you, I was always your buddy, your friend.”
“Cas?” Dean asked as he tried to see Cas clearly in the dark. When his vision finally adjusted, he squinted and said, “Hey, why are you crying?” His hand reached up and wiped away fresh tears that were streaming down Cas’s face.
Reluctantly, Dean settled in closer behind Cas and wrapped his arms around his waist. “I can’t believe this,” he griped into Cas’s ear. A shock of electricity surged through him when they touched and Dean thought he saw a hint of a smile appear on Cas. But then the unicorn took off and the thought vanished as Dean had to tighten his grip around Cas’s waist to keep from falling off.
“Now, make me breakfast, I’m starving,” Dean said. He pulled Cas into him, pressing another kiss against his lips.
“No,” Dean said as he took another sip.
The End
He swallowed hard at those thoughts and said, “No, you’re doing great, buddy.” He always made sure to add in “buddy” as a way of diverting his trailing thoughts so no one could see his true feelings that lingered just below the surface.
“Why would you do that?” Cas questioned.
“Where are you going?” Dean asked as he sat the beer back down on the table.
“Yeah, just wait, okay?” Dean said, still not meeting Cas’ eyes.
The haze of want dimmed slightly from Cas’ blue eyes. “Dean, these feelings are all mine. I know you don’t want to admit it, but the witch was right. My soul wants you. You’re my soulmate. It’s always been you.”
Dean stared at him. “Like he’s always fine every other time he vanishes?” He began pacing again and said, “Dammit, he promised me he wouldn’t disappear like this again.”
Dean turned and began cleaning up the mess. “Yeah, well, I was just in the mood to cook, okay?”
The woman studied the picture and then nodded. “Yes. What has she done? Kids these days are just troublemakers anymore,” she said as she held the door open and motioned for them to come in.
“Oh, well, maybe I can find a date to go. Isn’t that what humans do?” he asked, blue eyes peering up at him innocently.
They pulled into the parking lot of King’s Tavern and Dean felt his pulse racing through his body. He needed alcohol, like right now because he wasn’t feeling all that good anymore.
Dean was just inches from Cas’s face now and his eyes dropped to the light sheen on his parted lips. Dean’s hand found Cas’s leg and he smiled when his eyes widened.
Dean looked over at Cas who nodded. “After you,” he said to Heather, gesturing for her to show them the way.
The woman’s gaze shifted to Sam. “He’ll die if he denies his soul the other half that makes it complete. Especially since their souls have found each other.” Her eyes veered to Cas and she gave him a knowing smile. Her eyes slid back to Dean as she said, “Give your soul what it longs for and you’ll be healed. You’ll be complete.”
Cas helped Dean sit up and pulled him into a hug. He held him tight as tears continued to quietly fall. With his body shaking, he said, “Because I thought I’d lost you just as we had truly found each other.” He pulled back and looked into Dean’s eyes for a second and then pressed his lips desperately against his. Cas broke the kiss and said, “Dean, you don’t have to worry about me disappearing again. I’m never leaving your side no matter what happens.” He gave a slight nod and added, “I want to be with you. I’m all in.”
“Awesome,” Dean said under his breath. “We’ll let’s do this,” he said, clapping Cas on the shoulder.
Light barely peeked through the horizon, and as Dean began to wake, he felt something holding him down. His eyes shot open in panic and he looked down to see an arm curled around his chest. He felt the warmth of the body pressed against his back and saw two legs intertwined with his own. He cast a look over his shoulder and saw two blue eyes.
“What Agent Kilmer is trying to say, is that she was in fact murdered last night and we’re talking to the people who saw her last,” Dean corrected, giving Cas a look and thought,
Cas leaned over, opened the drawer, and grabbed the bottle of lube he was looking for.
“Okay, now tell me how to end this spell,” he said.
Dean’s arm shot out, trying to block the blow, but Cas was too fast. The pillow smacked him in the face again and suddenly they were both swinging the pillows at each other at full force. Just as Dean thought he had a second to snatch the pillow from Cas, he’d get blindsided by another shot. It didn’t help that the light was off and he could barely see a few inches in front of him. His head whipped back as Cas got another shot in. “How are you a pro at pillow fights, dammit,” Dean cursed as he threw his arm up to shield another blow. Cas was really getting into this, he thought.
Dean sat on the floor, his knees pulled up towards his chest, and his head resting against the wall. They had been sitting here for two hours and nothing had happened yet. They had done research to find out what could’ve happened in this place that a ghost would want to inhabit, but Dean came up empty handed. And once they had gotten here, they had done everything they could think of to entice this ghost out of hiding, but still nothing. He was positive there were no ghosts in this place. He was trying to keep his thoughts clean, but he was now realizing just how much he actually thought about Cas. And then when those thoughts ran through his mind, he’d catch a little smirk on Cas’ face, letting him know he’d heard him. He rolled his eyes, wishing he was anywhere else right now besides here.
“Dean, are you referring to how people go on dates?” Cas asked with a slight inclination of his head.
They came up to another clearing and the unicorn suddenly stopped and stomped one hoof into the ground.
“Come here,” Cas urged as he tugged on his arm. “You can rest your head on my chest.”
Once they parked the car, Dean paused and turned to face Cas. “I hope this was everything you thought it would be. I know how excited you were to go tonight,” he said.
Fighting Fear
Cas pulled himself onto its back and extended his hand out to Dean. He pulled him up and his lips twitched into a smile when he felt the warmth of Dean’s body as he settled in close behind him. His body relaxed as Dean’s hands slid up under his trench coat, wrapping around his waist.
“Okay, we’ll be there tonight at eight,” Dean said and hung up the phone. He leaned back in his chair, took a long swig of his beer, and then silently prayed for Cas.
Cas trailed his lips up Dean’s jawline towards his ear and whispered, “But you’ll regret it when this spell wears off.”
Cas nodded slightly as he looked at Dean wearily. “Yes,” he replied, his voice stern even though he was wondering what Dean had on his mind.
“I…I don’t know. But I’m here now,” Dean said and then leaned in and kissed him. His kiss was gentle and tasted like remorse and forgiveness. Dean grabbed his trench coat and pulled him closer, needing to feel the warmth of his body against his. After a moment he pulled back and said, “I’m sorry for how I acted that night, Cas. I just, I wanted it to be something you wanted, too.”
“So, when you saw this woman…” Dean started but was suddenly cut off by a blast of energy throwing him across the room. He hit the wall and reached for his gun, his eyes blurry from the impact. He looked around the room for the woman and saw Sam and Cas already running into the kitchen after her.
Dean paced the length of the hallway, listening to Cas in his bedroom as he talked on the phone with someone. With the softness in his voice and the flirty laugh here and there, it was obvious he was talking to the girl from the library. The extravaganza was only a few days away, and Cas had already been fussing over what he should wear, and Dean swore that if he came into his room one more time to ask if the outfit in question looked good, he’d throw his beer bottle against the wall and scream.
After getting a call from Sam, who ended up finding a case an hour away, they left their case early and were now hightailing it to help Sam. Cas had been glad to get out of that stuffy museum and was hoping the fresh air would do them some good, but it wasn’t helping. If anything, being confined to the car was even worse. The air was heavy with so many emotions that Cas had to loosen the collar on his shirt to feel like he could breathe. As he slowly undid the first few buttons, he caught Dean glancing his way from the corner of his eye, and then heard a faint, ‘
With a mouthful of food, Cas said, “I now have a date for the extravaganza.”
“You were shivering so bad last night. The temperature had dropped significantly in the middle of the night and I didn’t have a blanket to put over you, so I used my body heat,” Cas said as he started to uncoil his legs from Dean’s.
Dean pushed on the gas, his body buzzing with electricity every time his eyes found Cas, or he thought about him, or he heard Cas thinking about him. Okay, it seemed this spell was getting worse. More intense every second. He looked in his rear view mirror again, for some reason he wasn’t able to control the need to seek Cas out. As soon as Cas met his gaze, his body vibrated, a deep ache pulsated within him, not just in his bones, but down into his marrow. He quickly looked away, hoping the feeling would pass. But, it didn’t. He squirmed in his seat and sweat formed on his brow.
Cas looked up at him in confusion. “Do what, Dean?”
on his laptop. They both looked up when he walked in.
“Let me fix that,” Cas said as he gently touched the side of Dean’s cheek. The wounds healed immediately but Cas let his hand stay a minute longer as if he could feel a shift in Dean’s feelings. His dark brows furrowed when Dean reached out and placed his hand on top of Cas’s, giving it a light squeeze while his thumb stroked back and forth. “Why did you tell me to stay back? You could’ve been killed, Dean.” Cas’s voice was soft with worry and he reluctantly let his hand drop from Dean’s face.
“But, I heard you,” Cas stated, still frowning.
“Okay, let me get onto the ice first so I can get my barrings, and then you can follow. Just hold onto the wall right here,” Dean said as he led Cas to the wall that lined the ice skating rink.
Just then, a large creature jumped out of the woods, landing on the ground a few feet in front of Cas. It wailed, and saliva dripped out of a mouth that was full of large fangs. Two red, beady eyes studied its prey with rapt fascination behind a mound of gray fur. It stood still and tilted its head, daring them to make a move. With his blade held high in his hand, Cas yelled and charged towards the monster. He faintly heard Dean yell in the distance, but if he could help it, he would do his best to keep Dean out of this one. The monster veered to the right, out of his reach, and began to head towards Dean. Cas whirled around, his blue eyes wide with panic when he saw where the monster was headed. He knew Dean could hold his own, but he always felt like his protector. He couldn’t imagine if something were to happen to him.
Just as Cas paused mid-step, there was a loud bang.
Cas’ feet scraped back and forth against the ice as he stared at Dean. His brow furrowed just slightly as he said, “Thank you, Dean.”
Cas narrowed his eyes and looked at him, one eyebrow arched. “Why not?”
“Yeah, Cas, that’s what humans do,” he said through clenched teeth.
“What happened at the museum.”
Cas looked at the ice rink with trepidation and sighed. “Okay,”
“Yes, you humans and your traditions always surprise me. But, I guess since I’m newly human, I can now join in on all those silly traditions,” Cas said, causing the buggy driver to look back at them with a questioning look on his face.
Too many beers later, Dean stood on wobbly legs and pulled out his keys.
Sam looked at him, opened his mouth to say something, and then just shook his head. Dean quickly pushed passed him, slamming his door behind him. He flopped back onto his bed and put his headphones on, wanting to shut out the world for awhile, especially the thought of Cas going on a date.
Rolling his eyes, Dean said, “Great, thanks Cas.”
Chapter 4
The Spell
Cas looked up at him and nodded. “I would assume if there is a way in, then there should be a way out.” Seeing Dean’s eyes fix on him, he said, “What?”
“Warning me about what, Dean? This?” Cas said and then swung the pillow at his face, again.
Cas gave a little laugh. “You were being a wuss about the cold water,” he stated with a shrug.
“Something like that,” Cas said as he elbowed Dean in the stomach, urging him to get down first.
“I hope this isn’t anything poisonous,” Dean said as he stood up and examined the bottle in his hand. There was a rusted metal label on the front with ineligible writing that had been rubbed off throughout the years.
Heading towards the door, Dean paused, tilted his head back, and looked up at the ceiling. “Don’t ask.”
A smirk played at the corner of Cas’ lips before he slid a wet finger in.
“Ah, you have a spell on you,” the woman stated. She leaned in and sniffed him as she looked him up and down.
Snow fell onto the front windshield of Baby as Dean watched the wipers go back and forth, listening to a very excited Cas talk about all the things he wanted to do for his first Christmas as a human. Dean couldn’t help but smirk as Cas talked about baking Christmas cookies, building snowmen, and listening to every Christmas song that was ever made. Christmas had never been one of Dean’s favorite holidays, it only reminded him of all the lonely ones him and Sam had experienced, but seeing Cas’ blue eyes fill with excitement was making him second guess himself. With Cas, he might just have a reason to like it. But, he couldn’t picture himself in the kitchen baking cookies or building snowmen like Cas was envisioning himself doing either. But it also tugged at his heart to think of Cas doing those things alone.
“Dean, what are you doing?” Cas asked as he followed behind him.
Dean didn’t hear anything Sam was saying, all he felt was the touch of Cas’ skin still vibrating on his thumb, and his heart aching.
Dean came up beside him, his eyes falling to Cas’s bare chest as he began to casually undress. After all these years, he had yet to see Cas completely naked. The only other time was when he had shown up on his car naked, and covered in bees, but the bees had hid most of everything. Now, there was nothing covering his body and Dean found himself blatantly admiring his lean, muscular build. He looked good and Dean wished he hadn’t been hiding that body under all those clothes for so long.
Dean rubbed a hand over his face at the mess in front of him, and said, “Cas, what’s up, buddy? You’ve been a clumsy mess lately. I’m guessing you don’t have your coordination yet?” He’d been waiting patiently for Cas to get his strength back after losing his grace and becoming human, but he seemed like he was doing just fine now, other than the fact that he was now a klutz.
Dean rubbed his legs and said, “I need to stretch my legs for a minute, we’ve been on this horse for hours, Cas.”
Dean urged him forward and they both inched slowly towards the rink.
The door to the bunker squeaked open and Dean followed Cas inside, his hand lightly brushing the small of his back. He saw Cas smirk at the touch and then heard Sam down the hall.
“Disappear like you always do when things get tough.” Dean looked him square in the eye, daring him to even acknowledge that that was on his mind.
“Guys, what are you doing down here?” Sam asked as he rounded the corner and spotted them. He abruptly stopped and said, “Oh, um, do I need to come back?”
He thought about it for a minute, studying the witch for any inclination of dishonesty. He risked a quick glance behind him at Cas whose face was twisted in agony. He looked back at the witch and said. “I’ll loosen my hold just a little. But if I feel that you’re lying in the least bit, I won’t hesitate to slice through your neck. Got it?”
“It’s beautiful, Dean,” he whispered.
Cas’ fingers paused briefly before getting lost in Dean’s hair again. “I had already announced my love for you in the very beginning when I fell from Heaven, Dean. I chose you over Heaven, my family. That’s big. Everyone knew you were my weakness. When I first laid my hand on you in Hell, I knew you were my soulmate, and given the chance, I would have told you exactly how I felt. But you weren’t ready to admit your feelings, so I chose to wait.” He leaned down and kissed Dean’s temple.
Cas shrugged and shoved a forkful of eggs into his mouth. “Okay.”
He stopped in front of Cas, and with trembling hands, reached out and cupped his face. As he looked into Cas’ eyes, he didn’t see uncertainty, but rather knowing.
Unlocking the door, Dean shoved the door open and searched for a light switch. He found one and light bounced off glass cases, showcasing a large, open room adorned with artwork, statues, and sculptors.
“Morning, sunshine. Gotcha some coffee,” Dean said as he slid a glass of black coffee towards Cas.
Dean felt the emotions shift between them and hoped he hadn’t ruined the night. He’d wanted this Christmas event to be special since it was Cas’ first Christmas and he had been excited about the whole extravaganza.
“We are being watched. You need to be ready, okay?” Cas whispered through clenched teeth.
Cas turned and began making breakfast. As he cracked the eggs, he began to hum the tune to Led Zepplin’s, Whole Lotta Love. Dean smiled, recognizing it was one of the song’s from the mixtape he’d given him, and realizing they both had a Whole Lotta Love for each other.
Cas narrowed his eyes and Sam looked up from his computer.
Dean smiled and said, “Good,” as he grabbed his leg and yanked it towards him, pulling Cas under the water. He laughed as he watched the Angel flail around, trying to get his barrings. When Cas finally shot up out of the water, Dean couldn’t stop laughing. Suddenly, he forgot about being cold.
Dean pulled out a beer and slammed the refrigerator door shut harder than he’d intended to. He looked up to see Sam staring at him. “What?” he asked, his tone laced with irritation.
Seeing Cas in his old band shirt tugged at Dean’s heart. “Are you sure you don’t mind laying here with me?” Dean asked.
Dean’s boots scraped across the hardwood floor as he paced, the sound harsh against the stillness in the bunker. Sam looked up from the book he was reading at the table and shook his head before returning his attention to the lore that was laid out on the pages in front of him.
“Dean! Cas!”
“She wants us to get off,” Cas stated, turning around to look at Dean.
Keeping his eyes on the road, he waited for Cas to continue, but suddenly cheese puffs were flying in his face and he caught sight of Cas in his peripheral vision, flailing his hands around, yelling, “Dean! Dean!”
“Um,” Cas began, rubbing his palms against his thighs in nervousness.
“Yes, we just went through some kind of force field. It could be from the house, but I’m not quite sure,” Cas said, scowling as he studied the large, two story home and girl in front of them.
“Ouch, that one hurt!” Dean yelled as he swung his pillow. He laughed when he felt it make contact against the side of Cas’s face.
Dean eyed him up and down, alcohol letting his desire creep in even more, and he was suddenly second guessing his decision to drink. Now, he felt even more vulnerable. He watched Cas take the shot and found his gaze falling to his lips. They were wet now, glistening from the alcohol that he’d just drank. He knew Cas was doing his best to not look at him, but suddenly Dean wanted him to look at him. He wanted him to notice him, wanted his eyes to lock on his, wanted to feel the intensity of this spell even more than he was right now. He watched Cas down two more shots and could feel the lust growing between them with each sip of alcohol that they drank. Their inhibitions were coming down, allowing the spell to completely consume them. Dean pulled him in even closer to where there was no space left between them. This spell felt good now and he felt his soul beg for more. And with that feeling, he felt Cas stiffen beneath him and saw his jaw clench as he drained another shot of Whiskey. He briefly wondered if he’d gone too far.
“Are your angel powers not working here? I mean, usually you know things before they get here,” Dean said as he pulled out his own sword.
“Dean, this is nice,” Cas said, pulling his arms around him tighter.
They looked up to see a young woman walk out of the home. Her long, dark hair was pulled back in a loose ponytail and she pulled the leather jacket she wore tighter around her body, looking like she was cold. She waved at them, and as Dean pulled Baby into the driveway, they both stiffened as a bolt of energy zapped through them.
Cas thought about it for a moment and said with a shrug, “Well, we’ll just have to stop at the Christmas tree farm on the way home.”
There was a loud pop as the monster burst into flames, disintegrating into thick, black ash. They both shielded their eyes from the ashes, and when the air cleared, they looked at the spot where the monster had been. The monster was gone, but in its wake there was one word spelled out in the ashes. Denial.
He quickly got up and took off after them, aggravated that he was so off balance. He darted into the kitchen and saw Cas lying on the floor, doubled over and clutching his stomach in pain. Sam was pinned against the wall, a look of pain and anger on his face. The woman had her back to him as she held her hands up, her long gray hair floating all around her as she chanted the words to the spell to keep them from moving.
Cas looked around at the mostly vacant square and everyone packing up their things. “Well, it looks like it’s over, so I’m ready now.”
Cas walked to the edge of the cliff and gazed out into the distance. “It’s beautiful,” he whispered. He turned around and held out a hand that was full of colorful wildflowers. He looked down at the ground bashfully as he said, “I picked these for you.” Blue eyes were finally visible as he looked up at Dean and added, “I saw them and just thought, that, um…”
“What?” Dean questioned, throwing his hands up.
“Because of what he did,” Dean said angrily.
Dean shook his head and smiled.
“Um, no, I don’t mind you in my personal space, Dean,” Cas replied softly.
They both stood staring at each other in the dimly lit storage room and then they looked down at the wet spot on the floor. Their eyes flew back to each other’s in pure panic at the realization of what just happened.
“No, Dean, I had a great time with you. You were a perfect gentleman.”
“Wow,” Cas sighed behind him.
Sam held his hands up in mock surrender. “Hey, just saying. You’re not focused and we’re going on a hunt. I don’t think it’s smart, Dean. Maybe we need to head home and sort this out first.”
“Nothing,” Sam said and added with a shrug, “So you guys want each other.”
Sam smiled and said, “That’s great, man.”
Dean quickly jumped up and said, “Let’s go!” as he pulled out his keys and began to jiggle them impatiently.
And then, they were gone.
Dean peered ahead and drew his sword out when he finally spotted the large animal coming towards them. He felt Cas’s hand press protectively against his chest. “Cas, I’ll be fine,” Dean said.
“What does it say?” Cas asked, rubbing his hands on his pants and leaning in towards Dean.
“Alright, truce,” Cas agreed as he brushed the loose feathers off the bed and laid down.
Cas nodded and turned around, looking out over the edge of the cliff.
Dean fluffed his pillow and groaned.
Nodding his head in agreement, Dean reluctantly pulled his eyes away from Cas’s and withdrew his sword. He sighed and his shoulders slumped as he said, “Let’s check it out.”
Cas walked over to him and Dean stood and ran his hand through Cas’ hair, knocking the pine needles onto the floor. He planted a kiss on his lips and said, “Now, we just need to decorate the beast.”
The witch took out a small brush and went to the closet. She pushed back some clothes, dipped the brush into the red liquid, and began drawing a symbol on the closet wall. When she was done, she turned to the young girl. “Now, when they both step in, you cut your hand and place the blood to the symbol, then say the magic word and the spell will ignite,” she said as she stepped out of the closet. “Just don’t say the word aloud until it’s time or you’ll ruin the spell. Okay?”
“It’s called breakfast, Cas,” Dean said. “You have to eat now that you’re human, remember, so there ya go.”
Dean squeezed Cas’s shoulder and said, “Yes, thank you, now we’d better get going before things turn even more strange.”
They climbed onto Willow, and Cas grabbed a handful of the horse’s mane as the unicorn went into a canter. His tie flew behind him from the wind, and Dean had to push it away from his face. They rode for hours, searching and scheming for a way out. Waves of heat dropped down from the deep orange sun, and large, white puffy clouds hung above their heads as they rode through the foreign land they’d been cast into. This was their first opportunity to really explore the new land and they rode quietly as they studied their surroundings. Dean’s fingers played with the edge of Cas’s trench coat, running it back and forth between his index finger and thumb, as he let his mind drift to home. He wondered what Sam was doing. If he knew yet that they were missing. And he wondered what the reasoning was for the girl to send him and Cas here. She had to have a reason because it had been a thought out decision. Seeing the collar flipped up on Cas’s shirt, he reached up and began to adjust it, his fingers skimming across the soft skin on the back of his neck. He saw Cas turn his head slightly to see him from the corner of his eye, and when Dean was done, Cas let out a murmured ‘Thanks,’ his lips tilting casually to one side in a little smirk.
Dean eyed him irritably and rolled his window up before spinning out of the parking lot.
A groan behind him made him jerk around and he saw Cas struggling to stand. He rushed over and kneeled in front of him, his hand resting on one knee as he said, “Just relax for a minute, those wounds look deep.” Dean pulled Cas’s shirt up to inspect the damage and his eyes lifted to Cas’s pained expression. “Can you heal yourself?”
After awhile, the crowd began to thin out, leaving them alone on the bench. He saw Cas shiver slightly, their hot chocolates long gone, and he turned to face him and said, “Here, lemme fix that.” He snapped the top button of his coat and wrapped Cas’ scarf around his neck tighter. “There, is that better?”
“Me too,” Cas said in a breathy whisper. His eyes locked on Dean’s and he said, “Dean, I’m sorry about spilling that potion, but I can’t fight this anymore.” He paused, throwing his hands up in front of him. “I don’t want to fight it anymore.”
As Cas gently pushed himself in, they both moaned as they finally let themselves take what they’ve been needing for years. Dean clutched at Cas’ hips, urging him in deeper. Within seconds, they had found their rhythm, and each caress silently spoke the words they’ve been hiding from one another.
“Sorry, man, but I can’t let you drive home. I’ll call you a cab,” the bartender said as he grabbed his cell phone.
“Dammit, Cas!” Dean yelled as he looked down at his wet hands.
“Oh, okay, then,” was all Dean could manage.
“I don’t normally sleep so I don’t have any pajamas,” Cas said.
fill in the empty space between them. Dean thrummed his fingers on the wheel as he peered out the windshield through a tiny space that wasn’t covered by green foliage and thought back to that almost kiss. He looked over at Cas in the shadows of the passenger seat. His hair was slightly disheveled from the toboggan he’d been wearing while they had searched for the perfect tree and his cheeks were tinted pink from the warmth of the heater.
“Because you only have two options right now. Tell me how to end the spell and there’s a chance I’ll let you live. Or, don’t tell me and I won’t hesitate to kill you.” He cocked his head and shrugged. “You have a 50/50 chance.”
Cas’s eyebrows drew in when he asked, “Why would I be afraid? I love you, Dean. The only thing I was scared of was you not letting yourself love me the same way. What else is there to be afraid of?”
As soon as he felt Dean’s fingers slip under his shirt and caress his bare skin, Cas swung his leg over and straddled Dean, their lips never parting. Cas ran his hand through Dean’s hair, gently tugging, and when Dean moaned, he pressed his hips harder against him. He pulled himself away from Dean’s lips and trailed light kisses down his jaw and along his neck. His teeth grazed the delicate skin, gently nipping, before replacing the sting with a kiss.
Dean’s eyes widened at the sneaky plan Cas had whipped up. “You did all that on your own?”
Cas finally lifted his head to look at Dean. “Yes, but I haven’t fallen yet.”
Dean risked a glance in the rear view mirror at Cas. Ever since the almost kiss at the bar, he hadn’t said a word. Dean sighed, he knew this would happen if he let his feelings be known, but this spell wasn’t giving him a choice. It was obvious that Cas didn’t feel the same way. Regardless, the spell was still in high gear and it took everything to pull his eyes away. At least once this was over, Dean could blame all the images Cas had seen on the spell and no one would be the wiser. His eyes flew to the rear view mirror again and he sighed at Cas’ raised eyebrow. He kept forgetting they could hear each other’s thoughts when it came to the other. So now he couldn’t blame the spell. That was fine. It was what it was. He just hoped they could forget about it and keep things the way they had been before this spell screwed everything up.
“Oh, um, thanks,” Cas said, his eyes shifting to the ground in embarrassment.
They sat on a wooden bench with hot chocolate in hand and stared up at the large Christmas tree just in time to see it and the square come to life in an array of lights. Everyone cheered and Dean looked over to see Cas staring up at the tree, a smile covering his face.
Cas narrowed his eyes at Dean, “Dean, I was just calling it what it is.”
Dean patted his leg and then put the car in drive as he said, “Don’t worry about it, Cas, this car has had worse.”
“What’s the matter?” Cas asked, tossing a look over at Dean.
Sam gave Cas an exasperated look as he stood on the bottom step, and when he noticed he was staring at Dean’s ass, he rolled his eyes. Cas just shrugged as if to say, “What?”, as he continued to stare at Dean. Sam huffed, threw his hands up, and said, “Fine, Dean, whatever. But, I don’t want to hear you crying if you’re heart explodes or something.”
The bird let out a loud screech as it swooped down towards Dean. He covered his ears at the loud noise and flung his sword up into the air as the bird came at him. It barely grazed the creature, and he ducked when long, black feathers fell on top of him as the bird shot back towards the sky.
One eyebrow raised as he said, “I think stubborn is an understatement.”
Dean shook his head, trying not to laugh. Ever since he gave Cas his own salt gun a few weeks ago, he’d been dying to use it. Tossing his empty bottle in the trash, he said, “We’ll see if we need it or not.” He looked down at his watch and added, “We’ll leave in an hour.”
Dean finally looked into Cas’s blue eyes. “You what?” he asked, one brow raised in question.
Dean laughed, shaking his head as he said, “An enormous beast just fell on top of you, almost killing you, and you’re asking if I’m okay?”
As they got in Baby, Sam said, “Were you guys riding with the windows down the whole time? It’s like thirty degrees outside.”
“Yes, it is,” Cas said quietly as he sank into Dean’s embrace.
“Do what?” Dean asked.
Prologue
Dean turned and walked out of the kitchen.
They were both filthy, but Cas had ashes and blood coating his entire body. As they made the trek down the steep hill, Dean watched Cas in front of him. He couldn’t help but think about this different type of bond that was forming between them and wondered if it would continue once they got home. He seriously doubted it. He looked around at the bright green foliage and the beautiful orange sun that was starting to set and guessed they were just in some kind of fantasy land, and once they were back home, these feelings they had for each other would disappear. It was a shame, because these feelings felt good.
“Dean, are you ready to skate on that big block of ice?”
Cas stared at the waitress, then to Dean, and then down at his menu, suddenly flustered himself. “Um…” he began, still scanning the menu. The wave of jealousy that was emanating from Dean was getting to him and he began to fidget with his collar again. He wished Dean would tell Sam about this spell so they could figure out how to end it. It could be any kind of spell. But they didn’t  know anything about it yet because Dean was being stubborn. For all they knew, it could have disastrous consequences.
Sam laughed. “Okay, that would be weird, but I don’t see why that would make you not want to tell me.” He studied Dean for a moment and then said, “Unless there’s more? I mean, it doesn’t look like it’s hurting you or anything, right?”
The corner of Dean’s mouth quirked up at the amount of emotion Cas was showing. He had been showing more and more emotion throughout the years, but never anything like this. He reached out and cupped his face and said, “I’m all in, too.”
“Put your arms around me,” Cas instructed as he tossed a quick glance back to Dean.
“Dean, I had wanted that night to happen from the beginning.”
“You were supposed to just be checking in on an old friend, but now there’s a case involved?” Dean asked by way of greeting.
“Dude, I’m sure he’s fine,” Sam said reassuringly.
Dean sucked in a sharp breath, his hands gripping tightly around his waist, pulling him closer as he begged for more. Just as Cas began to move his kisses down towards Dean’s chest, they heard a whinny in the distance. They both jerked up, knowing the whinny was nothing but a beacon of dread that waited for them.
After a moment, Dean finally straightened. His eyes roved over Cas for a few beats before he said, “Why aren’t you in pain from this damn spell?”
Cas stared up at him, his big blue eyes questioning. “A bee?”
He looked over at Cas and frowned. “What did you say?”
Dean snorted and suddenly realized how date-like this night had really been. And he also realized that Cas seemed oddly okay with it. Had he been misjudging him all along?
All the times Dean had fantasized about this moment fluttered through his mind, and as he openly let them in, he prayed Cas saw all the images for what they were worth. He closed his eyes as he let each fantasy consume him. When he opened his eyes, he saw Cas’ blue eyes wide with shock and said softly, “No, I won’t.”
“Please, Cas, hurry up,” Dean pleaded as he squirmed impatiently.
“I’m just going to do some research until we get to this bar,” he said with a smile.
They rode home in silence, letting
“Dean, I need…” Cas began, but was cut off by Dean.
Chapter 2
They stood like that for a while, Dean standing behind Cas, his arms wrapped around his waist. And Cas clutching Dean’s hands, his head leaning back and resting against Dean’s shoulder as they watched the sun slowly dissolve into the bright green landscape below them. Birds soared through the air and on the ground they saw a herd of wild horses running.
Sam smirked across from him and Dean shot him a look.
“What’s so funny, Dean?”
“Yes, I talk to her at least once a week when I go there,” Cas said.
Cas had Christmas music playing the whole way there, and even though
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Cas apologized, looking from his own wet hands and then up to the angry scowl on Dean’s face.
Without thinking, Dean pulled Cas up to his feet and into a hug, his hands clutching him tightly as his mind replayed the scene. He thought he’d lost him for sure this time. He was lucky he was an Angel, because there was no way he would’ve survived that fall if he was human. Dean felt Cas’s hands wrap around his back and squeeze, and before Dean could second guess himself, he found his lips brushing against Cas’s neck as he whispered in his ear. “I was so worried I thought I’d lost you.”
“This is fun, Dean,” Cas said next to him.
Cas’ lips twisted to the side in a little smirk. “Well, not to sound egotistical, but I was referred to as the best looking Angel in the Garrison.”
Cas pushed himself up and murmured, “Sorry, Dean.”
“Yeah, Dean, I did. You think you hide your feelings, but you really don’t. And it’s about time this happened,” Sam said, gesturing at their hands.
“It’s very dangerous,” the witch said as she paced the young girl’s bedroom. “Once they are sent to this place, the key to break the spell lies within their hearts, and if they don’t have what they need deep down, they’ll never make it back out. They’ll be stuck there forever.” She paused and the long, black dress she wore swayed from side to side. “Is this a risk you’re willing to take?”
Dean grimaced and his eyes narrowed on the witch. “How do you know?” he questioned.
He pointed at the horse and buggy and Dean rolled his eyes. “Yeah, sure,” he said, trying to hide his smirk.
Dean turned towards Cas and said, “Wait, so you’re saying that girl cast a spell on us? But why would she want to send us to this place, wherever this is?” He waved his arms out in front of him gesturing towards the woods and land that seemed endless.
to fight this monster himself. He saw Cas scowl and reluctantly take a step back, clearly torn about the decision, but there was also a look of understanding that showed on his face. No words were needed, because from day one, Cas seemed to have a way of knowing Dean better than he knew himself. Dean focused his attention back to the monster who was now circling him. He squared his shoulders and held the sword out in front of him as he began to run towards it. A loud roar erupted from deep in his throat, sounding foreign and far away. He had no idea where this strong desire came from, but determination to finally end this beast soared through him as he ran directly towards it. He’d never wanted something more in his life than to squash everything about the monster that stood in his way.
“So you guys all ganged up on me?” Dean said.
“Uh, yeah, right. Look, we need to end this spell before you guys do something you both might regret.”
“I can keep you warm, come here,” Cas said, his arm still out in invitation.
“For the tenth time, everything’s fine, Sam,” Dean mocked, his tone was sharper than he’d intended but he didn’t have the energy to apologize at the moment. His thoughts were fixated on the blue eyed, newly human man in the back seat. The one who had his eyes now trained on him as if he was ready to devour him. Dean swallowed hard as sexual desire swirled inside him. Lust, need, and want attacked every ounce of his body and there was no controlling his thoughts anymore. He couldn’t tell where his thoughts ended and Cas’ began. They were blending together inside him. Thoughts of two separate people were melting together as one inside his mind. They were taking on a mind of their own and suddenly it was just him and Cas, their arms reaching out and pulling each other in. Their bodies pressing together with the barest of space separating them. Their hands kneading and raking along bare skin as their lips met and their bodies hummed with relief as if they were finally complete.
“Wow,” Dean said.
Grumbling, Dean tied the massive tree to the hood of Baby, cringing every time he heard the tree limbs scrap across the paint. The car had been through hell and back, so he figured tying a tree to the hood wasn’t nearly as bad as some of the other things the car has been through. After he tightened the last strap, he stood back and studied what looked like a driving hazard. The top of the tree hung over the front windshield and the back completely covered the back windshield.
Cas gave him one last look before slowly pressing his lips over Dean’s. Their kiss was soft and tender at first, and when Cas slipped his tongue into Dean’s mouth, the moan that escaped them sounded like a hum of relief. Cas reached up and cupped Dean’s face, bringing him closer, needing to feel his body against his own.
Cas cocked his head to the side in a silent question, but got in without saying a word.
He looked over to see Cas digging into a large bag of cheese puffs, his fingers and lips tinted with orange dust. Ever since becoming human, Cas ate non stop. He didn’t know how the guy stayed so skinny when all he ate was junk food. He shook his head and smiled when Cas began licking the cheese off his fingers.
He heard Cas let out a low half moan, half cough in the back, his eyes still watching Dean. Dean slammed on the brakes and Baby skidded to a stop.
“Yes, Sam, I did.”
Dean rested his chin on Cas’s shoulder as he studied the mountains that were coming into view. Thin strands of bright yellow light barely peeked out from the side of one of the mountains as the sun began to set. It was hard to gauge how fast darkness would come upon them in this land, so he knew they had to find a spot to rest for the night soon.
“We’ll what?!” Dean exclaimed, but when he looked into Cas’ face and remembered how excited he had been to celebrate his first Christmas, he knew he would be riding home with that damn tree strapped to Baby’s hood. “Fine, Cas,” he relented with a sigh.
Branches pulled back to reveal a large wolf like animal with black fur and gold eyes staring at them. It hovered behind the tree line, and when it snarled, large white fangs flickered from within the shadows. It clawed at the dirt, leaving large rut marks in the ground, before quickly charging towards them.
Cas looked out the passenger side, his thoughts drifting to who he could ask to go with him to this Christmas Extravaganza, because it was something he knew he didn’t want to miss.
The girl shifted nervously and said, “No, it’s not a curse, exactly. It’s a spell that sent you guys to that land, but the only way you’d come out was if you both truly had those feelings for each other deep down. If you didn’t, then…”
“It’s a soul mate spell. Your soul is aching to be united with its other half and it won’t stop reaching for that person until both souls are united as one.”
Cas studied him for a moment, raised one brow, and nodded. “Thanks, Dean.” And then turned and left.
“Well, we’ll tie it to the hood, of course,” Cas stated.
As soon as he got close, the monster reared back and thrust out its claws, slashing four deep wounds across Dean’s face. He stumbled backwards a step but quickly regained his footing just in time to see Cas running towards them.
Dean put Baby in park and leaned towards Cas. He was looking at something on his arm and Dean reached out and pulled his arm towards him. “What the hell is the matter with you?” he asked, pushing cheese puffs out of the way.
“I’m pretty sure most of the feathers on the bed were from my pillow,” he said with a huff.
Cas looked at the snow that was spitting onto the window and back at Dean. “But…”
“Is this okay, Dean?” Cas asked as he ran a hand awkwardly down the front of him. He looked up and met Dean’s eyes and said, “I tried to pick the one you seemed to like the best.”
“Okay, anyway, as I was saying,” Sam began.
Dean glared at him and said, “Don’t wait up, Sammy.”
Dean held up his hand and said, “Wait, so you’re saying that we’d be stuck in that place if we didn’t truly love each other that way?”
“I thought…” Cas started but was immediately cut off.
An hour later Dean was revving up Baby’s engine and Cas was climbing in the passenger side. They were heading to an old museum where the owners swore they had seen a ghost while cleaning late one night. That coincided with the weird noises guests have heard. Dean was positive it was nothing, but they weren’t busy at the moment, so they were now heading to the old museum.
Shaking his head, Sam turned to Cas and asked, “So how’d it go last night at the library?”
“Our what?” Dean asked incredulously as he yanked the note from Cas’s hand. He read it and said, “I’m not getting on that thing. And what, we’re supposed to ride double on a damn unicorn?”
Dean stood to his right and murmured under his breath, “Wow.”
Dean walked up behind him and wrapped his arms around his waist. His chin dropped to Cas’s shoulder as he took in the view. “This place isn’t so bad,” Dean mused as he gave Cas a gentle squeeze.
“Awesome,” Dean said and then looked at Cas.
Cas jerked back at the sound of Sam’s voice, and they both stood there staring at each other, the almost kiss evident on their faces.
“And you’ve talked to this girl before?” Dean questioned, his eyes focused straight ahead, not wanting to look at Cas for fear he’d give his feelings away. Of course Cas would want to date when he became human? He should have known this would happen.
The young girl watched the witch pull out a piece of chalk and draw a large symbol on the hardwood floor. The witch then poured the three vials into the bowl, along with the bundle of herbs and ashes, and as smoke began to drift out from the bowl, she closed her eyes, tilted her head back, and began chanting. The young girl couldn’t understand what the witch was saying, she assumed it was in Latin, but after a few minutes, the witch opened her eyes, and yelled one final word. There was a loud bang and a large flame shot out of the bowl. The young girl cringed and her eyes shot to her door, hoping the witch’s spell hadn’t woken up her parents.
Cas pulled back, breaking their kiss. “Dean,” he began and pulled his bottom lip into his mouth as he thought about his words.
“Thanks, Dean,” Cas mumbled as he took the cup in his hand.
Cas quickly looked away and said, “Um, thank you.” He downed the shot, running a hand through his hair as the tension surrounding him began to suffocate him. It was jealousy that radiated in the air. From Dean as he glared at the bartender. His hand fell to his jacket and he began to unbutton a few top buttons, needing air to breathe.
“Nothing man, Cas was just getting flustered so I thought I’d help him out.”
“Get ready, Cas,” Dean said as he tightened his grip on his sword.
Giving him a sideways glance, Dean said, “Yeah, I’m freaking cold. The sun is setting which is taking away the little bit of warmth that I had.”
Dean tilted his head back and began laughing. He couldn’t help it. They were covered in cheese puffs all because Cas had gotten stung. “Cas, it looks like you got stung by a bee or wasp or something.” He was still holding Cas’ wrist and he gave it a quick pat and said, “As long as you’re not allergic, you’ll be fine.”
“Dude, what the hell was that about?” Sam asked, his eyes shifting from one to the other.
Dean leaned back in his chair, legs resting on the table as he eyed Cas over. He was sipping slowly on his beer, his eyes fixated on the paperwork in front of him regarding their next case, and his hair was slightly disheveled.
“Ah, So Cas told you the plan we came up with?”
Dean tilted his head to the side as he looked at Cas. His face softened and his voice dropped an octave when he said, “Because I’ve been holding back way more than you have been, so it was my fight.” Dean leaned in and gently brushed away the dirt from the light scruff on his cheek and smiled. They had been here less than twenty four hours and Cas already had a fair amount of peach fuzz. He brought his other hand up and held Cas’s face in his hands, his eyes roaming over every inch of his face. There was something that he needed to say. It had been on his mind for a while now and he finally found the courage to say it. “I’m a little late to respond to what you said when you almost died a few weeks ago, but I wanted you to know that I love you, too.” The words rolled off his tongue without hesitation and Dean wondered why it had taken him so long to finally tell Cas.
Cas leaned down and kissed him, a moan escaping through their parted lips as their erections pressed together. Cas planted soft kisses down Dean’s neck and chest, before tracing his nipple with his tongue. Dean squirmed beneath him, a moan vibrating deep in his chest, making Cas smile.
“Wait,” Dean cut in. His eyes shifted between the two before finally landing on Sam. He held up a finger, and said, “You knew it would work?”
As if reading his mind, Cas said, “Dean, I’ll never leave your side no matter what happens. I could never do that. Do you want me to stop?” he asked as his lips brushed against the heavy stubble that coated Dean’s flushed cheek. Cas was praying he’d say no. He had wanted to kiss Dean for a long time, but he never knew how he would feel about it. He didn’t even know himself what to think about it or what it all really meant. He just knew it was something he wanted to do. But now, he was realizing Dean might just be okay with it. He would give anything for him to be okay with it. And the words that Dean said next soothed some of the doubt Cas was feeling.
was about to drive him insane, Dean couldn’t help but smile every time he saw Cas singing along to the song. He hated Christmas music, but wasn’t about to tell Cas to turn it off. This was Cas’ night and he didn’t want to ruin it.
Cas frowned as he looked around. “My powers only seem to work when I need to heal us. For whatever reason we’re here, they want us to stay alive.”
The waitress came up and took their orders, and after Sam and Dean ordered, the waitress smiled at Cas and said, “And what would you like, handsome?”
Cas nodded. “Okay, Dean, if you wish.”
When they finally broke free from the kiss, they were both smiling.
“And I got your eggs and bacon ready, just how you like them, sunny side up and the bacon extra crispy.” Dean gave him a grin as he sat a plate of food in front of him.
He saw Cas tilt his head in question, his lips forming a little smirk, and Dean quickly pushed anymore thoughts out of his head.  As soon as he did, he began to rub at his chest, the pain building again. It was his heart, and he briefly wondered if it was on the verge of exploding. He gritted his teeth as waves of pain fluttered in his chest.
“Nothing,” Cas breathed, picking up the last of the glass.
Sam smiled. “Yeah, I thought so too.”
“I-I don’t know, Dean.” He shook his head at the mess at his feet. “I feel fine now. I’m not sure what’s going on,” he sighed.
He awoke the next morning to an empty bed. Groaning, he got up, dressed, and headed into the kitchen.
“Okay,” Sam began with a smile.
Dean scoffed. “Yeah, like I’m supposed to trust you.”
“Don’t worry, I won’t do anything that will ruin my chance of this finally happening,” the young girl said as she went and opened the bedroom door. “Thank you so much for doing this.”
They pulled up to a little diner fifteen minutes from the hotel, and as they shuffled inside to grab a booth, Cas wondered if he should sit next to Dean or not. But as Sam and Dean took seats opposite each other, he saw Dean was the only one who had scooted over to give Cas enough room to sit. He slid in next to him, trying his best not to accidentally brush up against him.
The bird lunged for Cas and he readied his sword for the attack. Its outstretched wings began flapping as it built up speed, causing large clouds of dust to form around them. The visibility was next to none and Cas shielded his eyes from the dirt with one hand and aimed his sword with the other hand. When he saw the shadow of the bird through the cloud of dust, he aimed his sword outward and took a few steps forward. Large wings swooped around him, almost knocking him off balance. As he tried to regain his balance, he was flung backwards by a large wing. He skidded to the ground and heard Dean yell. Cas grabbed his blade and quickly got to his feet, running towards the bird that now had its back to him and was going after Dean.
“Are you…”
Cas tore his eyes from the ground and looked up at Dean, a pained look coating his face. “Dean, I’m not good with these human emotions,” Cas stated. “I’ve only experienced them completely once, when I was human. But the more I’m with you, the more I feel. And the feelings I have for you are not the same that I feel when I’m with Sam.”
Cas tilted his head to the side and said, “I didn’t say anything after I asked what was on the label.”
Dean slid off the unicorn and began searching for a safe spot to sleep for the night. He followed a path of wildflowers that led him up and over a small hill. As he got to the top of the hill, he looked to his right and saw a small ledge that had an amazing view of the land. It was a perfect spot to settle in for the night. He went to the edge of the hill and motioned for Cas to come up.
Dean shook his head. “Nope, nada.”
Cas turned to him, the Christmas lights casting beautiful colors across his skin, and when he saw Dean staring at him, his smile turned softer.
Cas looked in the direction where Dean had pointed and said, “That must be the girl you spoke to.”
“Dean, this isn’t funny,” Cas said, his deep voice cracking with fear.
As soon as Cas had both feet on the ice and hadn’t fallen down yet, Dean said, “See, you got this.”
Cas walked towards him, his feet stopping inches from Dean’s, and said, “Dean, I promised you I wouldn’t disappear again, and I won’t. I went to buy food to make you breakfast.”
Dean and Cas sat there for a minute before they burst out laughing.
“Ouch!” Dean groaned and looked up to see Cas once again on top of him.
“No problem, Cas.”
Frowning, Cas said, “But Dean, I wasn’t awake yet either.”
He stood and when he got his balance, he looked down at Cas. “Are you ready?”
He huffed, ran a hand through his hair, and went to turn for his own bedroom, but just as he whirled around, he came face to face with Sam staring blankly at him.
Dean grabbed his hand and brought it to his lips, kissing it tenderly. “You’re too good for me.”
“There it is,” Cas called back to him as he stomped through a mess of weeds before stopping at the edge of the water. He began pulling off his trench coat and unbuttoning his shirt.
“Right,” Dean echoed.
Cas held up a finger, walked over to the sacks, and pulled something out. He slipped off his trench coat and pulled something red over him. He turned around and grinned, pointing at his stomach. Sam burst out laughing and Dean just stood there dumbfounded. “What do you think? The cashier insisted that I buy it,” he said, still smiling.
“Because you gave up everything for me, and if it weren’t for this spell, I probably never would’ve admitted to these feelings. And even with the spell, I was still pushing against them as much as I possibly could. It just doesn’t seem fair to you.”
Dean eyed him briefly before turning away to resume his pacing. Of course he was wrong sometimes, but dammit not this time. Or, was he? Hell, he wasn’t sure anymore. Things had unraveled so fast that night he didn’t know which way was up or who started the whole thing.
They parked Baby a few blocks away and began walking towards the main square. Christmas lights twinkled from small shops along the way and snow was lightly falling.
Dean swallowed and looked over his shoulder at Cas. He was standing there, his eyes narrowed in thought as he studied the witch. Could this witch be telling the truth? That Cas was his soulmate?
“Ah, that’s right, the show Supernatural. We’ll be looking forward to that, too.” Dean gave her a wink and followed Cas down the steps to Baby.
“Are you cold? We could grab some hot chocolate to warm us up,” Dean suggested as he spotted a hot chocolate stand halfway down the sidewalk.
Dean tore his eyes from the beauty of the old building, only to burst out laughing at what he saw.
Cas pushed past Dean and reached his hand out to the girl. She stared down at it and then hesitantly shook it. “Thank you,” Cas said and added, “I was worried it would never happen, but you helped us conquer our fears of letting each other in.”
Dean laughed. “Come on, move your feet a little so we can start actually ice skating.”
Dean could feel his shoulder vibrate where Cas had long ago, ‘gripped him tight and raised him from perdition’. But as soon as Cas’ hand melted into the scar that was shaped as his hand print, he felt his heart steady. He felt more grounded than he had ever felt in his life.
Cas stepped out first and Dean followed.
“Cas talked enough that night. I’m not wrong to be angry,” Dean grumbled.
With his hands white knuckling the steering wheel, Dean said, “Something like that.”
Handing the piece of paper out to the young girl, the witch said, “Remember, don’t say the word aloud until it’s time.”
“That sounds good.”
Cas gave him a hard look and then looked down at the ground.
He heard Dean mutter something under his breath and asked, “What did you say, Dean?”
He looked over at him and nodded. “Yeah, it is. I told ya you had nothing to worry about.”
Dean hadn’t taken his eyes off Cas yet, so he had no idea what the tree actually looked like, but that’s not what he was referring to when he replied, “Yes, it is.”
“Heads up, Sunshine,” Dean called out as he tossed Cas a beer. He watched the bottle turn a few times in the air as it headed towards Cas, and then watched Cas awkwardly take a step towards it, his hands fumbling wildly in front of him, only to miss it. Dean winced as the bottle shattered all over the floor, beer spilling out into a large puddle, and Cas stepping over the mess to quickly grab a towel.
Dean sat staring at the empty bottle of beer in front of him as the beat of the music thumped all around him causing his head to pound in rhythm to it. He motioned to the bartender for another and glanced around the half empty dive bar he’d found himself in after driving for an hour. He wasn’t sure what town he was in and frankly didn’t care. It didn’t matter. They didn’t have any cases going on at the moment and Cas was gone. Had been gone for weeks now and showed no sign of coming home anytime soon. Home. Dammit the bunker was his home, not some shitty ass hotel he was more than likely staying in right now. So what was there to do right now other than drink? He shook his head and chugged the rest of his beer, his thoughts a tangled web of emotions as he thought about that night with Cas. The feel of his lips against his, the touch of his hands as they held him close. Dean shook his head as the memories pulled him even farther into the night that had pulled them close to each other, only to then rip them apart. But, that was always the case with them it seemed. He gripped the bottle of beer tighter as he let the memory consume him.
Dean pulled away and his eyes went to the ground behind Cas. Beneath the ashes the word ‘worry’ was spelled out. They both stared at it and Dean shrugged. “I have no idea what is going on here or what kind of messed up place we’re in. First there was ‘denial’ and now ‘worry’.”
Dean opened a door that led into the last room they had yet to search and held a flashlight out, searching for a light switch. He flicked it on and they both went separate directions. Five minutes later he came up to Cas standing on his tiptoes, his face pinched in concentration as he reached for something on the top shelf.
They walked around the building for another hour, looking for anything out of the ordinary. Weird smells, peculiar noises, or shadows darting around. But, they found nothing.
“You’ve been gone five days,” Sam said.
They finally pulled apart and with a shaky voice, Dean said, “I’m glad I finally had an excuse to do that.”
Dean stared at him, unsure if he had heard him right. “You have?” He choked out.
Straightening, Dean leaned in and brushed a large spot of cheese dust off the stubble of Cas’ cheek. He smiled at the puzzled look on Cas’ face and said, “You had some cheese stuff on your face from the bee incident.”
“Yeah, yeah, I know, just…whatever Cas,” Dean said as he punched on the gas.
“Because it’s not, now shut your face,” he said pointing his finger towards him. He looked at Cas who still had that adorably confused look on his face and said, “Cas, go get ready, we’ll leave in an hour.”
“I had no idea their bite would be so painful,” he said quietly.
Dean was suddenly pushed back onto his mattress with Cas above him. His hands gripped Cas’ shirt and pulled it up and over his head. He tossed it onto the floor and then took in the sight above him. Cas’ lips were barely parted, his chest heaving from desire, and his erection prominent through his jeans. Dean’s tongue flicked across his lips and he ran his hands over the lean muscle of Cas’ torso, nodding in approval. “I’ve wanted to feel this for a long damn time,” he admitted, and found he loved how it felt to say that so openly. He couldn’t take his eyes off the beautiful man above him and he wasn’t sure why he ever denied him anything. This felt right. It felt like everything he had been missing his whole life. Cas felt like the home he never had.
Dean waited.
Dean studied his face, not sure how Cas had felt about him canceling his plans with Sarah. He suddenly felt kinda bad about it. “Look, Cas, I’m sorry I told Sarah not to show up. I’m sure you would’ve rather have gone with her instead.”
“You, shut it right now,” Dean said, pointing his finger at Sam. He looked around the kitchen and asked, “Where’s Cas?”
Confused, Cas followed Dean’s gaze, and noticing the blood, said, “Oh, yeah, that’s not mine. What did you need?”
“Right, it’s just the spell,” Dean said as he pushed past them and headed back to the bar.
Dean nodded. “Yeah, I know. Let’s just say that I was pleasantly surprised. And you should be pleasantly surprised that I didn’t want to come home and kill you.”
Standing upright, Cas said, “I’m not sure, but I think it’s an animal of some kind. And it’s coming our way at a very fast pace.”
Dean shrugged and smiled, not even bothering to give the guy an explanation.
“You two kids have fun tonight,” Sam said as he rounded the corner, smiling wide.
“Um, okay,” Sam started, looking back and forth from Dean to Cas. “It looks like we know what to do now.”
Dean cocked an eyebrow. “You’ve known this whole time?”
Dean grabbed another beer from the fridge and walked over and handed it to Cas this time, wanting to avoid another accident.
“Cas, I need you now,” Dean panted, his hands tugging on Cas’ jeans.
Cas gripped the side of his seat to keep from sliding around as Dean pressed on the gas, causing Baby’s tires to squeal against the blacktop. Dean had the music blasting and Cas sat in the passengers side not understanding why Dean thought having the music so loud would block their thoughts. But, he wasn’t about to ask him to turn it down.
“Dean, I’m going to,” Cas breathed.
Dean shrugged and said, “I didn’t say anything.”
Thirty minutes later, they were lying on their backs, staring up at the stars in the sky. Cas had one leg draped over Dean’s, his bare foot constantly rubbing against his, and every once in a while he would brush against a sensitive spot that tickled. Dean would jerk back and Cas would smile but wouldn’t stop. Dean’s hair had grown out enough that Cas was able to twirl strands around his fingers. As he did this, he hummed a soft tune in his ear. It wasn’t lost on him that it was always a Led Zepplin song, which tugged at Dean’s heart.
“Ah, that’s right. Okay, then, I’m beat so hopefully the sun stays down for at least four hours,” he said as he turned on his side, not bothering to argue with Cas about how creepy it was for him to watch over him while he slept, because here, he probably needed the watchful eye of his angel.
Cas’ face was just mere inches from his and Dean had to tear his eyes away to look at the ice skating rink to his left. He couldn’t find his words as the scent of Cas’ cologne drifted towards him. He smelled woodsy with fruity undertones. It was nice.
“I’m so sorry, Dean,” Cas mumbled as he bent down and began cleaning up the beer.
Cas’s face softened at the realization of Dean’s words and he reached out, tenderly placing his hand on Dean’s leg to still his nervous jitters. “But you know you’re wrong about that, right, Dean? We’ll make time for us. You’ll see. There’s no need to make things more complicated than they are. And we’ve been pitted against each other from the start and always find our way back to each other. I have faith we always will.” Cas pulled him close, now feeling fearful that Dean would pull back when they got home in order to keep himself from getting hurt. He rocked him gently as he kissed the top of his head and told himself he wouldn’t let that happen.
“Cas!” Dean yelled as he shielded his face from the explosion.
“No, of course not. I am surprised you asked though,” Cas said as he pulled the covers up to his neck.
“So now you’re the horse whisperer?” Dean nudged Cas in the side as he laughed at his own joke.
“Your cab is waiting,” the bartender said, giving Dean a nod towards the door.
They all three walked inside to a small living room that was filled with various plants. Dean sniffed and rubbed his eyes as they began to water from a strong onion smell that wafted from the kitchen.
They walked towards the bunker and Dean stopped at the door. He had no idea what to say but knew he wasn’t ready to just walk inside and pretend this had just been another regular night. He sighed and turned to Cas. “Look, I had a really fun time tonight. I just wanted you to know that. And I thought...I don’t know, that we could do it again sometime. You know, just us two.” He gestured between them, not sure if Cas was getting the point. Hell, he wasn’t sure what point he was trying to make. That what, he wanted to date Cas?
“Shall we go in?” Cas asked, looking over at Dean.
“Hey, Dean, did you happen to see a piece of paper on the table?” Cas asked as he paused the show.
“What’s the matter, Dean? You look troubled,” Cas said as he slid one leg onto the bed and turned towards him.
“Hmm…” Cas placed a finger to his lips as he thought about it, and then his eyes brightened as he said, “How about Willow?”
The lights suddenly flicked on and they both froze mid swing and looked up. They wore the same shocked expression as they sat on their knees facing each other, pillows dangling from their hands, and feathers falling onto the bed and into their hair. Dean swatted a feather away from his face and watched it fall on top of his leg.
Dean grabbed his arm and let out a grunt in objection. “Stay.”
Cas took a bite of hash browns that were covered in ketchup, doing his best to keep his eyes diverted from Dean’s because every time he looked at him, he felt everything ten times more. He took another bite as he thought about the spell he had spilled on them when suddenly Dean was leaning in towards him. His face just inches from his. Cas pulled in a sharp breath, his eyes finding Dean’s.
Within seconds, they were both completely naked, clothes tossed on the floor in a forgotten heap.
Smiling, Sam stood and said, “Uh, yeah, it’s plain as day, Dean. Anyway, I saw the piece of paper on the table with the address you’d jotted down, and when Heather finally admitted her plan, I was all in.”
A smirk appeared on Cas’s face when he said, “Well, it’s better late than never. Isn’t that, uh, what people generally say?”
Sam stopped at the side of Cas’s truck that he’d borrowed. “This is nice,” he said as his eyes dropped down to their hands that were now intertwined.
It wasn’t long before Dean was able to let go of one of Cas’ hands and move to his side. They were still skating slow, but Cas’ confidence was growing. Dean knew how it looked for them to be holding hands while ice skating, but he didn’t care. He was enjoying it and he had no problem taking care of whoever tried to take this moment away from him with a negative comment. But thankfully, there had yet to be any. They skated for another hour, and even though Cas had picked up his pace even more, Dean never let go of his hand. He told himself it was to make sure Cas didn’t fall, but deep down he knew he enjoyed it, and Cas didn’t seem to mind.
With weapons drawn, they followed the narrow trail to the hills, and when they got close, they heard hoof beats thundering across the ground, along with a loud screeching sound. They took off in a run and when they got to the clearing, they skidded to a stop when they saw a large vulture flying low. Every few seconds, it would dip down and attack Willow.
Sam pushed the book aside and said, “Dean, why are you even mad at Cas anyway?”
“Up here is where most of the action happens,” the girl said as she motioned for them to follow her up the stairs. “Mainly in my bedroom.”
Dean inched closer and said, “I don’t want to either but you have to fight this. For you, it’s just the spell. I don’t want to ruin anything between us, Cas.”
“What? We never said anything about making dinner,” Sam stated smugly.
Dean aimed his salt gun towards her, but as soon as his finger hit the trigger, a blast of air plummeted towards them. He felt Cas’s hands grip him tight and then they were falling onto grass. All of the air rushed out of his lungs as a heavy weight fell on top of him. His eyes shot open to find Cas staring down at him, his face inches from his. They stared at each other and Dean licked his lips and said, “Cas, personal space.”
“Very much so. I now know all the words to every song on there.” Cas took a seat on the bed as he began mouthing the words to the song while nodding his head.
“And later tonight,” Cas continued, “we can put up the Christmas tree and lights in the bunker.”
Cas fidgeted in the passenger seat, not sure how to deal with the current situation he’d just gotten them in. Being human was proving to be more difficult than he’d imagined. He never thought once he became human that he would be on the klutzy side, but he’d been accident prone ever since he lost his grace. Now, they rode in awkward silence, doing their best to avoid any contact whatsoever. Cas hated it but he didn’t want to make Dean anymore flustered than he already was.
He could only sit and watch as the town he’d just been drinking away his sorrows in disappeared and foreign scenery came into view. He had no idea where he was going, but he knew it wasn’t back to the bunker. Dammit, he just wanted a peaceful night out to drink his pain away, now as soon as this cab stopped, he was going to have to fight for his life. Again. When would they ever get a break? He was so sick of nothing ever working out for them. And now, he was stuck in this weird cab ride, not able to move or fight. And he wanted to fight right now. He had so much pent up anger from the past few weeks.
Clapping from the crowd broke the trance they shared and Dean cleared his throat and looked away. “It looks like they got the star on,” he said distractedly.
Sam’s eyebrows rose in question, and when he realized Dean wasn’t going to elaborate, he said, “Well, I know Cas would never do anything to intentionally hurt either one of us. If it’s one thing we’ve found out about Cas, it’s that he always thinks he’s doing the right thing, so maybe you’re overreacting.”
“Since I’m an Angel, the temperature doesn’t bother me like it does you,” Cas said as he calmly stood waist deep in the water. He dipped his head underwater and stayed under for several seconds before finally emerging a few feet in front of Dean. His eyes traveled up his bare chest and a mischievous gleam lit up his blue eyes. His lips twisted to one side in a devious smirk.
“So, Cas had a date but you told her not to go so you could take him out instead?” Sam reiterated.
Cas’ lips brushed across Dean’s just briefly and Dean felt his hands find Cas’ waist. He slid his fingers under his shirt, just barely caressing his warm skin beneath. “I don’t want you to stop,” Dean all but whispered, his chest heaving from desire. Cas was so close now that Dean could hear his heart thumping, he could feel it against his own chest, dancing in rhythm with the beat of the music in the background, just like in the images he’d seen in his head.
“Dean,” Cas began, his hand tightening around the small shot glass. “I don’t think drinking was a good idea. I have…” He glanced up at Dean, blue eyes hazy with desire, and said, “The alcohol is making me even more weak.”
“I’ve been human for six months and you’ve never made me breakfast before,” Cas stated.
The waitress brought their food and gave Cas a flirty smile before turning to leave. Cas shot Dean a look and asked, “Dean, can you pass the salt?”
Cas readjusted himself so that he could look Dean straight in the face. He placed one hand on his cheek, forcing him to look at him. “Dean, are you afraid to be with me? Of what people might think?”
A smile appeared on Dean’s dirty face. “I think I know what’s going on here. Let me see if I can help you out. Do you suddenly feel certain about anything?”
Dean let his hand fall on top of Cas’s as he said, “Yes, it is.” His eyes softened as Cas turned his palm over and intertwined their fingers together.
“Tell me what?” Sam questioned.
Scowling, Cas eyed the sword and said, “This can’t be good.” His own blade dropped from the sleeve of his trench coat and he held it to his side as he began walking again.
Cas paused in the doorway and watched Dean sit his record player on top of his dresser. His eyebrows pulled together as he asked. “Why?”
Dean studied the tree, not sure if it would even fit on the hood of Baby. “It sure is big,” he said as he stared up at the tree.
Cas nodded and slowly stood. His legs wobbled and he swayed from side to side. “Dean!” he yelled as he frantically tried to find his balance, but was failing miserably.
Cas inhaled a deep breath, instantly feeling his powers buzzing as he began to heal from the inside out. When he finally opened his eyes, he saw Dean staring down at him. His green eyes softened and his jaw relaxed when their eyes met. “Dean?” Cas said, his eyes scanning the worried face in front of him. “Are you okay?” he asked.
A flash of light appeared before they did, and before they knew what was happening, they were falling onto the floor of the closet. They both rolled several times and Dean felt his head slam into something before they came to a stop.
Dean shook his head and tore his gaze away from Cas. “Nothing.” They hadn’t talked about what he’d said earlier, and Dean didn’t know where to start, but knew, after all these years of pushing it to the side, that he needed to say something soon. He leaned forward, pulling his knees up towards his chest and rested an elbow on each knee as he thought about what to say. He suddenly realized he was worried to explain to Cas what he’d really meant when he had said he loved him. Anytime he opened up to someone, it never went the way he’d wanted it to. What if Cas didn’t feel it the way he did. Was Cas even capable of loving someone in that way? He had no clue. For all he knew, Cas just knew love as in brotherly. The day Dean had told Cas he was their brother shot through his mind. He’d wanted to say more that day, but yet again, he didn’t know how to put it into words. Now, he was full of worry and regret that that love he’d never voiced was nothing more to Cas than what he’d said it was. Brothers.
“You’re home,” the cab driver said softly, never moving or looking back at Dean.
“Shit, Dean!” Sam yelled next to him, throwing his hands up against the dash to keep from flying through the windshield.
As Dean started to loosen his grip on the witch, she smiled slyly as the beginning of a spell flowed from her lips. Without hesitation, Dean instantly slid the blade across her neck. As she fell to the ground at his feet, he pulled out his gun that was loaded with witch killing bullets and shot her directly in the heart. He turned and headed towards the door with Sam and Cas following behind him.
Shaking his head, Dean said, “This is absolutely ridiculous, but of course, it’s not like I have a choice or anything.” He took Cas’s hand and wheeled himself onto the unicorn. “I can’t believe I’m riding on the back of a unicorn with you right now,” Dean mused, fidgeting with his hands when he didn’t know where to put them.
Sam turned and looked at him. “Yeah, right. You look like a nervous wreck right now.”
“She comes into my store every once in awhile. Is she okay?” the woman asked. “She seemed like a nice enough girl, I’d hate for anything bad to happen to her.”
“Thanks, Dean,” Cas said as he pulled a drawer open and began to look through it. He pulled out what he needed, slipped his trench coat off, and draped it across a chair. He undressed and pulled on a pair of red flannel sweat pants and one of Dean’s old, faded AC/DC shirts. He turned the lights off and slid into bed next to Dean.
“What the hell is so funny?” Dean barked, pressing the blade firmly against her neck.
Cas smirked and said, “I wasn’t being completely honest with you, Dean. That date was just a sham. I was hoping you’d break it up.”
Cas tilted his head to the side, a confused look stretching across his face as he studied Dean.
“Get ready,” Dean whispered to Cas.
With a long exhale, Dean ran his hand up Cas’ arm. “I’m ready, just come on,” he begged.
“It’s stuffy in here, just roll it down,” Dean said as he began rolling down his own window.
“I know what you are,” the woman whispered. “You’re a hunter,” she hissed. “How do I know you won’t kill me after I tell you?”
Taking a seat, Dean said, “Um, yeah, why?”
“Just thinking. Why don’t you shut the lights off and come lay down with me. I’m beat.”
“Dean, you don’t need to…”
Cas gave him an exasperated look, but began scooting his feet along the ice.
“So you’re saying we’re just going to return home and fall right back into the same old routine? When things get tough, you’ll disappear, and I’ll get angry and lash out at you? Well, that’s just great, Cas. That’s exactly what I’m talking about.”
“Oh, okay. Well, I have a case for us tonight. We’re meeting a girl at eight. She says her house is haunted. Sam’s on a hunt with mom right now, so I was wondering if you could come with me?”
Cas looked out the window to where Dean was pacing back and forth. “I’m not supposed to tell you.”
The corner of Dean’s mouth twitched to one side as he took the flowers. There were only a few times that he saw Cas shy and it had always made his knees weak to see the stiff Angel turn awkwardly adorable. He leaned in and gave Cas a kiss, a wide smile appearing when he saw him blush. “Thanks, Cas, I love them,” he said as he brought the flowers to his nose.
Without a care or worry in his mind, he grabbed Cas’s hand, intertwined it within his own, and led him away from the scene.
“Yes.” Dean nodded, waving an impatient hand at him.
“Yeah, but we were getting ready to make some dinner. Aren’t ya hungry?”
Suddenly Dean was hit with images of Cas pushing him up against a wall in a dark hallway. Music played in the background, its beat thumping in rhythm to his quickened heartbeat as Cas’ hands gripped his waist while his lips were just inches from his, teasing him with the one thing he craved the most.
With a look of shock, Dean watched as Cas took a handful of mane and jumped onto the horse’s back. He held his hand down to Dean. “Are you coming?”
Sam smirked. “It didn’t look like he was too angry, Cas.”
They pulled up to a small stone house and parked. Evidently this was the home of a woman who owned a small antique shop that the last victim had visited just before she’d died. The sun was setting in the distance, falling to the earth and splattering a beautiful mix of orange and pink hues, and Dean had a vision of him and Cas watching the sunset together, his arm around Cas as he nestled under Dean’s arm. His heart ached, almost painfully, and he clutched at his chest at the vision. Longing and sorrow filled his soul and left him feeling empty. Was this his vision or Cas’? They were so intertwined now that he had no idea, but when he looked to his right and saw Cas staring at him with a look of what seemed to be shame etched across his face, he realized it must be coming from Cas. He bit the inside of his jaw, realizing it was just the spell and that was why Cas looked ashamed at what was crossing his mind. He had no control over what was going on between them. Cas began to take a step towards Dean, probably to apologize again he assumed, when Sam opened the car door and got out, eying them both.
“Dean!” Cas yelled, bounding up the few steps that separated them and pushing past Sam. His hand clutched onto Dean’s left shoulder as he peered into his face.
Chapter 1
Sam shuffled into the kitchen and eyed Cas’ plate of food on the table. He looked up at Dean, a smirk forming on his face, and asked, “Did you make my breakfast, too?”
They came to a stop and he felt himself being pushed backwards until his back hit a wall and Cas’ body was pressed against his. The weight and heat of Cas against him pulled him out of the dream state of the spell for just a brief second, but then he felt Cas’ hands grip his hips and pull him even closer, and when he felt the hard length of Cas rubbing against him, he was suddenly falling back into the fog of lust and desire.
After rummaging through the storage bins, they found a few boxes from the Men of Letters that were full of Christmas decorations. Cas said they had hit the jack pot and they all chipped in to decorate the tree. It had taken longer than Dean thought it would, but an hour later, they all stood back and admired their handy work.
Cas swung to the ground in one swift motion and stood next to Dean. They stiffened when another growl came from the woods, this growl sounding closer than the last. They both pulled out their swords and stood back to back when they heard leaves rustling.
“Cas, what are you thinking?” Dean asked as he started to back away.
Cas jerked in surprise as the pillow slammed against his face. “Dammit, Dean!” he yelled, and then pulled his own pillow out, hitting Dean with it.
Dean stepped even closer and took Cas’ face into his hands. “You were always more than that. You’re all that and more to me, I was just too stubborn to see it. I didn’t want to ruin our friendship.” Dean’s skin burned, a fire igniting inside him that only one person could put out. “I want you, cursed or not. I always have.”
Dean glared until Sam opened the car door.
Dean stretched out his legs as he sat down, feeling that hint of spark shoot through him when his foot rested against Cas’s. “So, the plan is to keep searching for a way out of here as soon as the sun rises in the morning. Surely, there’s a way out of this damn place?” His voice was thick and low as he watched Cas loosen his tie and he smiled when the top two buttons of his white dress shirt casually draped open.
