“Thank god that’s over,” he said.
“We don’t know, sir,” Sally said gently. “But we think it might have been Ange- ”
Sherlock never dated any pages, apart from when it was practical to record times of lengthy experiments. Said experiments were a major feature of the notebooks; results and hypotheses and methods and diagrams making up the body of the texts. Oddly, Sherlock only wrote in them with one specific pen - a fountain pen, a very old one. It lay unassumingly on Sherlock’s desk, next to a squat bottle of black ink.
“Sherlock,” he began, resolving to say something, anything, what he had meant to say hours before. His friend replied with a small hum. “You know this is going to go fine, don’t you.”
Sherlock had jumped out of his skin when he heard the door open and had turned his back to the rest of the room, trying to subtly burrow into the clothes hanging in the wardrobe.
“On the grand scheme of things, if you look at it from above, it is. I have to delete some things to make room for others which are more important,”
Sherlock was turning to God. “Where did
He heard a brief commotion from his family as he began to shake and then nothing more as he
“They didn’t really expect it, to be honest,” he continued, sitting on his own desk and watching his roommate at work.
“So I tried again, a little more calmly this time, and we crunched forward on the gravel and everyone cheered and I was on such a high, Sherlock. God, it was good. I got more and more confident and in no time, I was driving in circles round the tree in the middle of the drive and feeling like the king of the universe.
“Oh, nothing,” she fixed him with a stony gaze, a confident smile on her crimson lips.
John shivered as he walked. The sun was slowly sinking beneath the horizon, sucking all the warmth out of the early evening air. The sunset splashed the sky with a fiery orange, coating the dull grey stones of the library with a delicate honey.
John nodded. “Maybe hate is more powerful than love after all.”
“Is he what?” John asked.
A splash next to him, and a body was enveloping his. Sherlock opened his eyes. It was Karim, grabbing him by the face and yelling, “YOU WON!”
“Okay.” John folded his arms. “Listen. I don’t know how, but someone got wind of this and put it on Instagram.” Sherlock’s face darkened, but he said nothing. “Sooner or later, a teacher is going to find out,” John continued. “In fact, why hasn’t a teacher noticed he’s missing by now? Surely if he missed registration this morning - ”
He was standing stone still. The only parts of him that moved were his eyes, following the ball.
They didn’t speak again until the film ended. John gave his mum a kiss on the cheek, got up and turned the TV off. Harry followed him down the hallway. John opened the front door, the half-darkness spilling into the house.
“How much time do you have?” John teased, but Sherlock ignored him, suddenly raising his hands to his face and sitting up very straight. John pressed a napkin into his friend’s palm, recognising the seismic tremors of a snotty volcano. After a suspenseful moment, however, Sherlock drooped again, throwing the napkin down. He picked up his fork and went to prod at a sausage, but seemed to reconsider, and with an “Ugh,” he put the cutlery down and pushed his plate away from him.
The boys who were competing were standing next to blocks of plastic attached to the side of the pool. When the announcer told them to take their marks, they climbed onto them and crouched.
“It’s someone who is used to the paint, look at the confidence of the curves,” Sherlock muttered.
“Don’t smile,” John sighed.
“Isn’t John supposed to be the one – ”
Yo-yos.
John was speechless. This boy, this stuck-up, pretentious, posh twat, had just laid his life out in front of him. All his secrets, all the things he’d tried to cover up, to hide, that no one outside of his family and his therapist knew, had the right to know - they were TV listings in a newspaper to him. A tube map. A menu in a café. Uncaring, merciless facts.
They said nothing as they proceeded down the lower sixth corridor, suitcases wheeling behind them, knowing they wouldn’t see what was behind them for three weeks that they knew were going to feel more like three lifetimes.
Sherlock turned his head, all of a sudden fascinated by the wall.
“It’s… all true,” John said, and it was. “She talks about Bradstreet’s pets, the fact that you had never gone to school before coming here, even - even your brother, I… Sherlock, there is some really, really personal stuff in here.” Sherlock made a dismissive noise. “No, listen,” John insisted. “There’s some stuff in here about, uh. About your… medical history.”
“So, good New Year’s, was it, then?” John teased. The Watsons stood in their living room surveying their work, and realising that they had never seen their house more clean.
Sherlock refused to go to dinner with John. John did not bother asking if he wanted the apple he brought back for him, but left it on his desk. Just in case.
“It is,” John agreed. “But I’ll be fine. Here, take some sweets to keep your magic levels topped up.” The girls took the chocolate, still stealing petrified glances at Sherlock, who crossed his arms and tried to look as scary as possible. John would disapprove if he didn’t play along.
“I don’t know, sir, I thought he was right behind me.”
Tom raised his eyebrows. “Well, there you go. I didn’t even know that. Now, I have to get a little serious. Sherlock, as you well know, there are some new laws that you must follow.” Sherlock wanted to roll his eyes. He blocked out Tom’s voice, mind wandering until a particular word yanked it back.
John handed his friend back his phone. “Change of plan; we’re taking the tube to Tower Hill,” he said.
They turned a corner and Sherlock was immediately blinded. He stopped. A rushing noise, growling, and a blaze of white light and –
And the rest of the swimmers at the deep end of the pool, words intelligible. He raised his eyes for a moment, saw them all crouched on the side, slapping the tiles, mouths open in primal shouts.
Now there were whispers of interest from the group.
“That was brave.”
“Hey, Mike. Are you doing anything?”
“Sherlock!” The man behind the counter exclaimed upon seeing who had entered his shop. “It’s been a long time, little man! Well – not so little any more, are you?”
She spotted a lit Bunsen burner on Sherlock’s desk.
John was laughing with Stamford about something, but Stamford had a girl around his neck, and the two began to kiss, and it was that that made John turn around and see Sherlock.
She laughed gently. “That’s okay,” she said. “Late night last night?”
“Er,” The voice hesitated. There was some shuffling in the background. “Right.”
He had woken up early, and he had wanted a bit of air. To clear the dream that had woken him. The one of John laughing as the sun set, of John laughing and smoothing Sherlock’s fringe off his forehead, of John laughing and pressing his mouth to Sherlock’s, of Sherlock sighing and winding his arms around John’s back.
John wished as he looked around the circle. But he was met with nods and intrigued faces, and he felt his heart sink.
“We can’t tell anyone,” Sherlock said, but his eyes were trying to tell John something. John frowned, and Sherlock sighed. He beckoned John down from his bed. John complied, confused.
“That it was,” Sherlock grinned. John grinned back. Unashamedly, unabashedly, unapologetically. There and then, after having not slept for days, after having split his hand on someone else’s nose, after having laughed himself winded with his madman of a best friend, John felt happier than he had in a long time. He felt alive again, after so long dead.
He took the phone from his ear. Sherlock had already hung up.
Their steps got smaller and smaller as John tired. Their circle tightened. The inches of space between them dwindled. And then they were barely moving.
Well.
“In the kitchen,” came the barely-audible reply, and John took that as an invitation to enter.
The strip light in the ceiling of the corridor outside Victor’s flat was flickering. The air smelt of urine.
“No, I was researching into the sources of the school’s food… in an office I shouldn’t have been,” Sherlock admitted.
Time passed. Sherlock couldn’t have said how much time, but John was not in the room when he finally finished having a row with Mycroft down the phone. Imbecile. As he slotted the thing back into his pocket, the case of the Turners flitted into his mind again.
“You don’t have a choice. Do you have pyjamas in here?” John indicated the satchel.
“A sports metaphor?” John folded his own arms across his chest now, a gesture which also served the purpose of hiding how much his hands were shaking. “Really?”
John’s brow furrowed as if it was obvious. “Because I have to spend the night answering the door to small children, and I thought it’d be less boring if someone else was here to keep me company.”
“Do you have to?” Harry whined.
"Really? He's almost as new as me..."
John woke on the morning of his seventeenth birthday in a cold sweat. He was alone in room twenty-one, Sherlock’s bed already empty and perfectly made, as ever. The house was still, the only sounds being the muted chatter of the birds outside and his own breathing.
“Going down to show Harry and mum the house singing ensemble,” John explained, walking again now that Mike had caught up. He adjusted the angle of the laptop so that Mike was in the frame. “Care to join us?”
John’s phone vibrated again. A message from an Instagram account he didn’t know asking about God. John’s thumbs hovered over the keyboard, debating a reply, when his phone vibrated again - another message. Then again, and again, and again, and John decided this had to end. He navigated to
Sherlock raised his hand to the peeling paint of the door and knocked twice.
That afternoon, Sherlock was standing at the window in their room, toying with a few melodies on his violin, keeping one eye on his phone for any incoming texts from Harry.
“Stop shouting, for Christ’s sake,” Lestrade poked his head out of his house and looked up at John. “If you’re going to have a conversation about boobs, can you please not do it with three flights of stairs between you?”
“In all fairness, Jo,” Sherlock piped up, the voice of reason. “It seems as if trouble comes looking for us.”
“Sometimes you are beyond immature, Sherlock. Answer my question.”
“Yeah – different panels, if you like.” Mike nodded in understanding. “I’ve got to bring it to the art block before dinner, so I’ll have a nosey at the competition and report back.”
“Sometimes… I don’t know. Sometimes I feel like everyone can see straight through me. And they’re whispering about what I did -”
John sighed. “So what are we doing now?”
“Right,” John said, trying to understand and failing. “What?”
While Sherlock struggled with carving the pumpkin – “This isn’t fun, this is manual labour, John” – John sat on the counter behind him with the cranium of the pumpkin in his lap, pouring his sister’s glow-in-the-dark nail varnish onto an old paint brush and coating the stem with it.
“Why Carl? Why not any other of the members of the swimming team?” Sherlock said, voice stronger now. He looked at John. “Maybe he was killed for love.”
[in which there is cheap alcohol]
Sherlock opened his mouth, but didn’t seem able to say anything, so he reached for John’s wrist and tugged. John allowed himself to be led out of the pool of light created by the streetlamp and into the darkness. John was disoriented - he had run from the teacher without thinking and wasn’t sure where he had ended up, and the grey moonlight combined with puddles of orange from the street lamps made the buildings around him almost unrecognisable. But then the space around him seemed to open up and he could see the moon again. They were standing on the road that overlooked the main rugby pitch, set up now for the summer cricket season, but John could see the goalposts left up at either end, reaching towards the clouds. The sudden wideness of the sky pushed the breath out of John. Sherlock had not loosened his grip on his wrist.
“Canapés in the Watson household consist of Sainsbury’s Scotch eggs and mini sausage rolls, tell Viola she’ll be fine.”
“Oh, stop fighting,” Sherlock said suddenly, and then he had swept back into the kitchen. He knelt by the animals, and John returned his mind to the case at hand.
“Well, to take my little brother home, if that’s all right with you, Mr Watson,” the man said, eyebrows raised.
“Morning, boys!” she beamed at them. “I’m afraid breakfast options are a little limited today – what would you like?”
Irene led the boys around the bike sheds, down an alleyway between two buildings, and stopped in the middle of a small courtyard.
Sherlock kept looking at John. John knew it was because, even thinking mostly about Mike as he was, he kept looking at Sherlock. It was automatic. If Sherlock was in the same room as him, it was an effort to look at anything or anyone else.
“I’ll be watching from a discreet distance,” he bargained. John laughed shortly.
into the chest and it’s just the sweetest thing, dad. She’s growing up so fast. It’s like watching one of those Attenborough documentaries when they speed up a plant growing up through the soil, so it looks all jerky and alien… I’m not sure I like it.”
“Snipers? In a school?” Sherlock laughed. “This is ridiculous.”
“No, Harry, it’d be best if our mother wasn’t trying to make us hate our own classmates,”
“A matter of months. I don’t care to count. Anyway,” she retreated and leant against the edge of a table. “I didn’t come here to chat. I have a case for you.”
– came to its forefront. It seemed they were both beginning to take each other seriously. His therapist - no;
“So, what do you want to do?” John checked his watch. “We’ve got about, ooh, two and a half hours to kill before… ” he looked up to find himself alone. “Sherlock?” He spun around, trying not to look like an idiot, finally spotting Sherlock with his face practically pressed up against the window of a tiny menswear boutique that looked like it had been there for at least a century, gathering dust and an air of snobbery you could basically smell.
“Are you coming down?” John asked, leaning against the door frame. “What are you looking for?”
He shoved Sherlock, who was walking closest to the edge of the pool. Sherlock toppled, and John opened his mouth to laugh, but felt a hand close around his forearm.
Mike held the door of room nineteen open for John, and sat on the floor with his back against his wardrobe. John did the same opposite him, against Ollie’s, watching Mike finish his ice cream.
A hand with the fingers flexed, flowing down into the smooth plane of a wrist; a foot, its lumps and bumps highlighted by the deep shadows they cast; the shell of an ear and the curls around it; the expanse of an upturned chin, the knot of an Adam’s apple, the branching of the collar bones and the suggestion of the chest.
Harry looked at him and in her eyes, fear and hope were battling for precedence. “It’s a penalty,” she said, “to us.”
Mike gave him a final slap on the back and retracted his arm.
, John thought loudly.
He looked up from a stain on the carpet and Sherlock’s gaze was steady.
“Morning,” he said, deciding neutrality was the best way forward.
(By the way, the verse John remembers his dad reading to him is from Dr Seuss' Sleep Book.)
“Do you still talk to him?” Mike asked softly, and from his tone of voice John knew that Mike knew everything that he hadn’t said aloud, and he wasn’t sure how to feel about that.
“Yes, it does,” agreed Mrs Watson. She fiddled with the collar and the buttons, smoothing down the lapels and tugging at the fabric. “Oh, look at you, so grown up,” she mused, before dropping her hands and stepping back once more. “Right then, shall we go and see dad?”
John heard his phone smash as he dropped it. He pulled the door open so hard he felt a stab of pain in the old injury in his shoulder. The ancient floorboards squeaked under his feet as he ran. There were a couple of people on the stairs. He pushed past them. The quickest way to the road on which the oak tree stood was through his house master's garden. He scrambled through Lestrade’s kitchen, out through his back door, felt heads turn to him as he tore through the crowd, felt the rough wood of Lestrade’s gate give him a splinter as he wrenched it open. He turned.
Ollie shook his head. The other boys murmured their agreement. All except Glen, who was sitting in stony silence with his arms folded.
“It’s fine,” Sherlock said, not being able to keep silent for any longer.
“The CCTV will be on – unless you’ve got another black-out planned.”
He turned the handle and walked out into the corridor, despite every cell in his body telling him to go back go back go back go back to the voice that was calling his name as if he’d never say anything else ever again. John blocked it out.
“Admitting that you’re an addict to my mother is not a good thing.”
“Come on,” he said, and picked her up and carried her upstairs.
“Get good grades, go to university, get a degree I don’t need to do a job I don’t like, retire at sixty five and play my part in the great wheel of opression called capitalism, yes, I know,”
Sherlock didn’t know precisely why he felt as if he should have to balance the situation – he’d never done before, and had had no urge to. More people than Sherlock cared to remember had felt uncomfortable, angry, upset and vulnerable as a result of Sherlock uncovering their secrets with such ease, and he had been punched, shouted at, sworn at and much more for it. But he’d never seen a person react the way John had done. John had looked…
John had to bite the inside of his cheek to stop himself from bursting into laughter. “And you’re coming to me with relationship problems because…?”
“Break a leg,” John wished her, and didn’t entirely mean it in the theatrical way. He was still surprised by how much she unnerved him. She looked at him as if it were through him, and it was uncomfortable to say the least.
He leaned against the counter and took out his phone. He knew Sherlock would be getting into the car, almost beginning his journey north, back to St Bart’s, back to Doyle, back to room number twenty one. He envied him. He wanted to be on his way.
“Us, Doyle,” John elaborated. He wasn’t even annoyed at Sherlock’s question - he had simply grown used to his friend knowing next to nothing about anyone else’s commitments than his own. “Me.”
Sherlock’s mind felt swollen.
He slowly made his way around the room, trailing his fingers over bottles and equipment as he went. So many things he could do with all of those chemicals at his fingertips. Of course, it was a little unpleasant, the smell of them all. Despite that he had become quite desensitised to all manner of toxic vapours over time, the sheer concentration of so many in one place was a little dizzying. A little overpowering.
“Tell me about Irene Adler.”
He opened the door to the bathroom and the strip lights on the ceiling flickered on, making his eyes hurt. He rubbed at them. He splashed frigid water on his face, making him gasp a little, clearing away some of the fog in his head. He groped about on the shelf above him for his towel, and rubbed his skin dry. He stood with his face pressed into the fabric for a moment. Bulk-bought laundry detergent, his own shampoo and shower gel, and something reminiscent of home clung to the cloth. He replaced the towel and scrutinised his bloodshot eyes in the mirror. He was going to have to steal Mike’s eye drops again, blinking would begin to hurt again sooner or –
(See the end of the chapter for
“I haven’t read it yet,” Sherlock replied. “What is it about?”
Back in October, the incredibly talented, hardworking, hilarious
“Poor man,” John sighed.
He filled two tall glasses with water, two with orange juice, and fetched two doses of aspirin from the medicine cupboard. Rehydration, sugar, pain relief. The Watson family recipe for the prevention of throbbing hangovers, passed down from generation to generation.
And all the way back to –
There was no response, so John assumed his friend was still sleeping.
And then he was in earshot.
Meanwhile, Harry and her mother had stepped gingerly into the foyer of Doyle.
“Wait, this was this year?” Glen interjected.
“Mustn’t I?” Sherlock said quietly.
Eric settled himself at the piano. “Right, then, shall we try it from the top? Sherlock?”
“No, I - ”
The boys turned around.
John thought about Mary. Wondered what she was doing, and whether she still wondered about him sometimes.
And John did smile then, just a little, before slipping out of his room and into his own.
“Not the time, Sherlock.”
“I’m going to tidy up, I’ll only be a minute,” John said, leaving the room. Sherlock heard his steps on the stairs. The bed had a gravitational field of its own, an inexorable pull, but Sherlock forced himself to locate his toothbrush and paste and head into the bathroom.
John grinned. “That was all you had to say,” he said, climbing down from the ladder and handing one of the parcels to Sherlock.
“Nope, sorry’s not going to cut it. Phone Ella as soon as you can – in fact, what are you doing now?”
“I don’t think so,” John said, allowing himself to calm down a little. “Uh, do you want popcorn or something?”
“Goodnight, John, Sherlock,” Eddie, thus far silent, called after them as John dragged Sherlock by the arm into the corridor. Once there, Sherlock tapped his violin against his thigh, chewed his lip, and just as John closed the door behind them and opened his mouth, walked off towards the stairs.
is going on,” Angelo said from the doorway, voice edged with fear. John could not answer him. Sherlock went to the window and leaned out of it so far John almost started forward to stop him falling, but then he withdrew. His face was closed as he turned and made for the door, but Angelo stepped in front of him and, arm up at Sherlock’s throat, shoved him against the wardrobe. “Where the
“Hey, John; hey, Sherlock,” Clara replied, clearing her throat. John saw her risk a fearful glance over to Harry and tried not to laugh. He was tempted to take as long as possible in the kitchen, and filled two cups to the brim with water, the only sound being the radio DJ babbling into the awkward silence about a concert ticket giveaway. Once he had finished by the sink, he tried to hand Sherlock a glass, but both were so full that water was slopping down their sides. He took a sip from each of them before handing one to his friend, who was trying very hard to hide a smirk.
“More coffee? Tea?” Sherlock asked the Watsons, itching to get out of the crowd, to breathe.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“It means the game’s over,” she whispered back. “It means this penalty decides everything.”
“The most dangerous man you’ve ever met and not important right now.”
Sherlock turned his head and read the small writing on the side of the container.
“Anyway, we don’t get many new pupils in the sixth form. We usually get the year tens to buddy the new year nines, so Lestrade thought he’d better do the same for you. Not that he thinks you’re as incompetent as some of those foetuses, but as you’ve probably already seen,” Mike yanked open a door and continued, “- it’s pretty easy to get lost 'round here, at first anyway. By the end of the week you’ll feel like you’ve been here forever. Just be glad you’ve only got two years of this place; I will have done seven by the time we're done with A Levels. Oh,” Mike stopped for a second, and pointed to a door on their right. “This is the bathroom. My advice is to get up before the rising bell in the mornings so you can have a shower before everyone else. It’s much more peaceful.” He gave John a smile and continued. They entered an even narrower corridor lined with cream doors on either side.
At this, Sherlock tried not to roll his eyes and took the second copy. He was glad to leave the girl behind, who was smiling at him in a way that he couldn’t exactly pin down.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Because it’s true. I’m a fake.” Sherlock’s voice broke.
At first he hadn’t believed it, but he got older. And then Redbeard was taken away. And Mycroft went to boarding school. And the kids from the village had thrown stones at him on his second day at the primary school. So he didn’t go back. Spent his childhood in the family home. And then had been sent to Bart’s. And had been ostracised and mocked and punched and kicked and laughed at.
“Mum, what the fuck?”
“As is yours,” he replied.
“You were snooping in some office you shouldn’t have been, then,” John assumed – and infuriatingly, he was right.
“What’s he called, mum?” John interjected, trying to change the subject. “What’s he like?”
“Are you kicking me out?”
of the microwave shattered the conversation. Sherlock opened the door and brought out the mug.
“Oh, nothing, can you -”
Sherlock’s father never spoke to him about the serious stuff.
Sherlock shook his head.
His own body heat began to warm him as the opening titles rolled, along with the mug of hot chocolate he cradled in his cold hands. This was not what he had envisioned himself doing that evening, but it wasn’t an unpleasant turn of events, not really.
, Harry, sh, okay…”
“Three hours with her, celebrating it, yes! How ridiculous? Women, man…”
St. Bart’s had broken up for the holidays a week earlier than most state schools, so the next Monday, John woke up after Harry and his mother as they clattered about the house, readying themselves for the day.
“John, catch,” Mike instructed a split second before a bottle came flying through the air towards John’s face. He managed to catch it, just, and as he turned around to look for a bottle opener, Lestrade moved past him and handed one to him.
John sighed and turned around. “What is it, Angelo?”
“Great, well if you’d just like to wait in here with… whoever this is, and then I’ll give you a tour,” Smith guided John into the waiting room, which was tiny, and contained, oddly, church pews instead of chairs.
Slowly, the jollity faded from his friend’s face. “It does all seem horribly coincidental,” he fell silent for a moment, pensive. Suddenly he picked up the pace. “Need more data. Come on, Molly’s waiting.”
John furrowed his eyebrows. “You,” he said, as if it was obvious.
“You’re no less pathetic than you were the last time I did this,” Sherlock said.
“…Oh.”
He wanted to ask Richie why he lived with his uncle and not his parents, but didn’t feel the boy would be comfortable with it, so he steered the conversation back into safer waters. They (John) talked about the reason for Richie’s physiotherapy (rugby injury – unsurprising, seeing as the boy looked as if he would be blown away in a brisk wind) until Richie was called in by the doctor. John waved goodbye to him, and thought that the boy walked a little taller when he got up. But he put it down to wishful thinking.
He got to his feet, every ounce of his being wailing at the distance he was putting between himself and Sherlock. “Right,” he said. “I’ll see you, then.” When Sherlock didn’t look up, John dared, “I will see you, won’t I? Over the holiday?”
“Well, then, Sleeping Beauty, I expect you’ll be wanting some breakfast, then?”
“Then, no, I don’t think the violin would bother me at all,
“I don’t think that’s any of your business,” he said, measuredly.
John could feel Sherlock glowering at him as he began to undo the chunky buckle of his belt.
“I know, but - ” John began.
“True.” Then, after a pause, “I bet you deleted Michael Jackson.”
Eric, Eddie, an Upper Sixth who was nicknamed The Hulk by Lestrade (and everyone else - John doubted whether anyone actually knew his real name), a Year Nine called James but universally referred to as Ben Ten, and a Year Eleven called Marco, were gathered silently, each sitting on a separate piece of furniture.
In the porch were two flickering hurricane lamps, sitting on benches that ran parallel to each other and perpendicular to the house. The door itself was large and looked like it belonged on a church. John searched around for a knocker, but found a simple doorbell instead, which he rang.
plate of food or was it done during the cooking process – was she targeted or was it a general attack?”
John turned the image over in his mind. Something about it was familiar - the disappearance, the bedroom, the circle - “Oh! Circles, Sherlock. Remember? Circles mean danger.”
is the version of
There was a seating plan projected onto the whiteboard, so John assumed his position. He had a decent seat, middle row, third from the right, with a clear view of the board and the corridor outside. John’s lab partner sitting next to him had long, mousey brown hair tied in an intricate plait. On sitting, John realised she was very pretty indeed, and even prettier when she smiled at him in greeting.
“Sherlock,” John began on their walk back up to their room. “What are you going to do at uni?”
“Oh, now you’re trying to guilt-trip me,” John said, turning back to his work. “It’s not going to work. You can time yourself, Sherlock.” He heard Sherlock huff behind him and put his earphones back in.
John broke the surface of his dream, gasping for air. He was sitting bolt upright, shaking. The nightmare was still there, behind his eyes – this time he’d been trying to turn the wheel so hard that it broke, shattering and collapsing into ashes in his hands. He had looked to the passenger seat and a pair of wide, glassy, quicksilver eyes beneath a mop of curly hair had stared back before –
Sherlock showed no sign that he had heard John’s scolding save that he pursed his lips, dropped his gaze from the dog’s body, and took a breath. But that was enough.
“Lounge.”
“So you didn’t like it?”
“Oh, how
“Seems that way,” Harry replied. “He’s around here most nights mum doesn’t have a shift, or she’s at his. He’s nice.”
“That is irrelevant,” interjected Sherlock.
When he didn’t get a reply, he texted Mike.
“Yes you did, John. Stop interfering.”
He paused a moment before writing his reply.
“Please stop offering us money,” John interrupted. “She was happy to have Sherlock, as was I.”
“Could I have a word with you?” he said, lips pursed. “Sorry, Sarah, I’ll be just a minute,” he called apologetically over his shoulder as he half-shoved Sherlock out of the room. Sarah threw her hands up in resignation as the door shut on her.
“Yoohoo!” Mrs Hudson pushed the door open and poked her head into the room. “Good morning, John, sweetheart, how did you sleep?”
Nadia nodded, fiddling with a ring on her finger. “What do you think, Sherlock?”
John and Sherlock were lying in their respective beds.
Habiba took a step towards John and whispered, “Are you being held hostage?”
“Jesus Christ – no,” John said. “It’s a long story – do you actually
“Sherlock!”
John barely heard Sherlock’s last two sentences. The first one had knocked him sideways. He remembered a photo he had seen in Sherlock’s house at his new year’s eve party, of Sherlock as a toddler.
“Everyone takes someone. Just the way it goes. Weird not to.”
Without thinking, John sped up a little, but Sherlock seemed to have no problem keeping up. Until a kid skated into the back of him, knocking him off-balance. Immediately, John’s arm was around Sherlock’s waist, the other arm under his back, as his friend toppled over backwards. Sherlock was halfway to the floor when John managed to halt his descent, nearly himself falling over with the sudden weight in his arms. Sherlock was gripping his shoulder like a vice, eyes wide.
“Yes, alibi, John. A statement or piece of evidence proving that-”
“That’s sweet.”
“About the - " he lowered his voice - "about the heroin.”
He was making his way slowly around the rink, inch by inch becoming more confident, but keeping close to the wall and the railing. It was bizarre to see Sherlock so uncertain of something, his arms slightly raised for balance, such a look of concentration on his face. It was kind of… cute, actually.
“This is so weird,” John said. “It’s so quiet.”
Lestrade gave a monstrous roar, and the shrieks of the boys were infused with hysterical laughter. John reached the top of the stairs and split from the Year Nines and followed his own year into their corridor. He slowed down, catching his breath and marvelling at the lack of spillages.
Sometime in the blurred boundary between Wednesday and Thursday, John woke from a restless sleep with a gasp. He exhaled as Richie’s voice faded, the last words he’d heard from the child.
“Are you…?” Sherlock prompted, loathing himself for not being able to get the words out.
Sherlock huffed and dutifully waited until John had tugged off his boots with a gratified sigh. He reached into his pocket and drew out Sherlock’s phone, which was taken from his hand as soon as it was in sight.
Sherlock couldn’t quite bring himself to be annoyed, and so followed her into the dining room.
“My name is John Watson, I go to Bart’s as well, I’m in lower sixth,” John said quickly. “I’m here to help you.”
The walk to the village church was long anyway, but on that Sunday, it stretched out into a tortuous eternity. Sherlock was still nowhere to be seen, so John had no choice but to walk with Mike and the others and make conversation.
John shut his eyes again, not quite realising why he’d woken up. Until, that is, he felt a pressure in his lower abdomen. He couldn’t bring himself to leave the warm cocoon of the duvet, however, burying his face in the pillow and trying to grasp the edges of the hazy dream that was slipping through his fingers. Something about cake and champagne and Sherlock giving him a can of silly string. Weird.
“But you haven’t encountered any… unpleasantness, any bullies?”
John stood up, drawing another exasperated exhalation form Sherlock, who stood too.
“All right. Good luck, I guess,” she laughed one last time, then entered the tuck shop. Through the frosted glass windows, the remaining two could make out her form finding a table and sitting, facing the counter.
a next time, I will sleep with a knife if I have to – and why were you examining my cells? They’re exactly the same as yours, there is literally nothing interesting about them!”
“Yeah,” John sighed. “I think he will be.”
“You were amazing.”
It was night; the moon was full and close, he could see streaks and mottled patches of grey on its surface. It lit, with its fraudulent light, the field, like a floodlight, throwing everything into sharp contrast.
“I’m just going to go get something, I’ll explain in a sec,” John wheezed, leaving the room. He was going up the stairs two at a time, by the sound of it.
A pause.
Back in the reception, John busied himself arranging leaflets on the table until the pupil was called into the nurse’s office. As soon as the door shut behind her, he approached Jamie’s desk. Sitting on it, he said,
and by sharing the video because holy shit it took weeks and weeks of work. I have been so excited for so long for you guys to watch it - I hope you enjoy it!
“Oh, of course,” John exclaimed. “The cleaners come in at ten in the morning, and seeing as this dorm’s right at the top of the house, they probably wouldn’t get to it until past eleven, so if these scuffs had been here before then, they would have been washed off.”
John gasped. “Shut up, Sherlock.”
John watched Sherlock reply, watched the way his delicate fingers held the pen, tried not to think about how they’d feel laced with his.
There was a shape in the mirror. A shape slumped against the wall behind him. A shape with raven’s-feather hair.
“She’s – she’s fine, I think,” he replied, eyebrows furrowed. “I haven’t spoken to her recently.”
“Is Anderson still causing you trouble?”
. John sat atop his bunk, drank his tea and ruminated on the state of affairs.
“John,” came Sherlock’s voice, breathless, quiet, fast. “John, something – hang on, I – ”
Suddenly, Percy yelped and jumped up.
[in which there is a squashed tomato]
“You’re late,” Sherlock remarked from the floor when John finally made it back to their room.
“He has very dry skin. So much so that he has this prescription moisturiser in the winter.” Sherlock unscrewed the lid of the pot and dipped a finger in. It came out coated in a thick white substance, and he crouched down and, next to the circle, drew a stripe on the floor. “At home we don’t let him touch anything after he’s put it on because it’s so greasy. I assume he – ”
He swallowed once and raised his face, forcing himself to keep his eyes off the ground. He watched the faces of kids he didn’t know stream past him for a moment before stepping into the playground.
“There’s another behind my wardrobe.”
John pushed him in the side, hard, out of the way of the oncoming car. Heard him calling him an idiot. Calling him stupid.
“You need to stop,” John threatened, tightening his grip just enough to make Charlie aware that he could. “You need to stop posting all that bullshit. Or I will find you again. And next time it’ll be less nice.”
“Everything happens for a reason, what goes around comes around, yes,” Sherlock said to himself. He was pacing back and forth in his pyjamas, muttering to himself every now and again, the same phrases over and over, stuck on a loop.
“Who do we have here, then?” John asked Sherlock quietly, trying to keep calm.
“And you guys haven’t fought recently? Like, are you
The announcement and exhibition of all the pieces was to be held in the assembly hall, which had been transformed into a makeshift art gallery. The chairs had been pushed back and pillars erected, on which were hung photographs, paintings, drawings – all manner of artistic endeavours.
Sherlock ignored him and went straight to the window, peering out of it.
Without giving him a chance to finish, Sherlock stalked off down the alleyway, leaving John to his very confused thoughts.
“What do you think of Dave?” John asked him, but there was no smile there – he wasn’t asking for an opinion.
“Oh, really?” Victor raised an eyebrow. “I see. The case of Sherlock Holmes being Victor Trevor’s bitch, right?”
“I didn’t say anything!”
“That’s impolite,” Sherlock said, returning his attention to his phone.
“It’s your fault you weren’t listening.”
He took a step in that direction, then another, and another. He picked his way over fallen branches and bits of headstone, avoiding the gaping holes in the ground that had yet to be filled in again after their occupants had vacated. As he got closer to the fence, the feeling grew stronger, as if he had pins and needles all over his body. He could feel each hair on his arms raise, feel a wave of nausea.
“How was your exam?”
He turned towards the eastern corner of the graveyard and felt the hairs on the back of his neck stand up.
Sherlock grumbled something affirmative and strode back across the foyer and into Lestrade’s house as John and Mike stealthily made their way upstairs.
“He was fired.”
“That’s why he’s in Dickens,” said Sherlock, stressing the first syllable, surprising John into laughter.
John smiled. He inclined his head upwards and whispered back.
“Well, I’m definitely not here to seduce a mediocre saxophonist with two budgerigars and a history of money laundering, so I doubt it,” he replied, "although, despite your state of dress, it doesn't seem like you're having much luck with the seduction. Are you sure this woman is that kind of criminal?"
bad,” John said, feeling as if he should defend his roommate, even though Sherlock’s current behaviour was making it difficult to do so.
“Come on,” he said, beckoning with a cock of his head, and Sherlock followed as his friend led him back to the rest of the house.
Henry got some toothpaste on his forehead somehow, and Louis’ bubbling giggle was infectious, and John caught Sherlock’s gaze in the mirror and the two smiled at each other without knowing what exactly they were feeling.
“Oh! It’s upstairs,” John led Sherlock up the stone steps and into a corridor lined with past GCSE and A-Level pieces. He stopped beside a set of double doors set into the wall. “I’m pretty sure it was here,”
But it didn’t. And didn’t. And John was standing there with nothing but the vapour of his exhales, breathing. He wondered if he should ring the bell again. But just as he raised his finger, the handle turned and the door was pulled open.
“Of course she did,” John grinned. “I’m offended you even had to ask.”
John turned around. The boy pushed the hood off his head and grinned. “John, mate! Long time, no see!”
“What’s this?”
John smiled to himself. He could see the way Sherlock would be glaring at him, but the way he would draw a breath before complying. Because he knew he would.
“John? John!”
“I can’t,” Sherlock said, and he really was crying now. John’s chest felt like it was being crushed under its own weight.
“Stop making excuses,” the Hulk growled.
As he pushed through the boys and started up the stairs, two at a time, he could hear hushed conversations breaking out below – their tones ranging from angry to disbelieving to resigned. He looked back and caught Mike’s eye – the boy mouthed one word to him:
“My memories start up again properly when I was sitting in the waiting room with Lestrade. Molly’d had to stay at school. I had to be there because I had been the one who’d found Sherlock. Lestrade had to be there because he’s our legal guardian when we’re at school, obviously. After I’d told him what I’ve just told you, about how he moved to the attic and how everyone pretty much forgot about his existence, we didn’t speak for a very long time.
John imitated him, voice high and reedy – “Why should I? I’m Sherlock Holmes and I wear proper shirts all the time and I’m far too important to get my head out of my own arse and do something fun for once in my superior-in-every-way life.”
He usually felt himself falling asleep. Usually ticked off the symptoms in his head. When he didn’t, he was startled and unnerved when he woke up. Grumpy, John would have said. It was more about the lack of control than anything else. His body was something to be mastered, or at least monitored.
“No, I don’t,” John retorted. “When have I ever talked to you about having sex with Mary?”
“There’s a reason I don’t get high with you anymore,” Sherlock replied, reaching out to take one of the pills.
“Well, if it isn’t Sherlock Holmes,” she remarked, drawing out his name as if it were a particularly disgusting fungal infection.
“Quite easily,” Sherlock said, though he wasn’t so sure.
And then
“I don’t blame you,” John was continuing. “You must be really bored, I’m sorry.”
John knocked on Lestrade’s door and waited for a response. When none came, he knocked again, and then put his head around the door frame and shouted, “Sir?”
“God, I’m freezing,” he said. “Hey, race you back?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes at the teasing tone of John’s voice.
“You pretended to be gay with your best friend while your maybe-girlfriend filmed it on her phone to get the head to give some woman the sack?”
But all thoughts of the police dissolved when he looked down at the small packages in his hands.
“You’re bloody useless, you are,” he sighed, fetching two glasses from a cupboard. “What do you want to drink?”
“Apart from him, John,” Mike said, “we’re all with you. If you’re with him, then we’re with him, too.” John turned to look at him, vision clearing as his anger subsided, leaving only a hollow gratitude for the boy before him. “But we’re worried. You won’t remember, but… he’s looking like he did. Before you.”
“You’ve dropped the ball three times in the last half an hour. What’s Sherlock done this time?”
“And my father is alive but I haven’t heard from him for years.”
He and Sherlock texted until around midnight, when Sherlock told him to go to sleep. Which John did with a smile on his face.
Sherlock nodded, then realised John couldn’t see him and said, “Yes.” His mind was whirling, a tempest of names, connections, places - but cutting through it all was their argument, the look on John’s face when he had jumped through the window. Like he never wanted to see Sherlock again.
“No, I’m not,” she denied vehemently. “It was only a couple of shots, and it was Clara’s idea anyway,”
“It’ll never happen again.” He joked hesitantly. When the man only frowned in confusion, he elaborated. “You know. Because that’s usually how immortality… never mind.”
The boy reached into the bag that was sitting innocently in between them on the linoleum floor of the kitchen, raising another marshmallow to his lips. He tried to open his mouth to shove it in, but John couldn’t help snorting a laugh at the white goo that threatened to ooze out and at Sherlock’s efforts to contain it. Sherlock tried again but something about it was just so funny that John laughed again, and again, and it took all of his concentration to hold his mouth shut, clamping a hand over the lower portion of his face to prevent leakage.
“Oh, this is Sherlock,” John explained. “Friend from school.”
“The one he uses to see people in is on the ground floor.”
He had looked at his lap as the hairs on the back of his neck stood to attention, and the cold, it must have been the cold, made him shiver.
“I simply didn’t have anything to say to anyone,” he said after a pause, evidently seeing the questions behind John’s eyes. “They never really worked that out.” John wondered who
“Did you or did you not lie to me, John, when you told me, to my face, that – ”
sorry, John,” Sherlock said quietly. Before John could say anything, he continued hastily. “I was bored and I – ”
Claus punched him, and John laughed.
“Do you know this for certain?” John began. Sherlock opened his mouth, but John interrupted. “Actually, scratch that, of course you do. Do we have to do this now?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Mycroft sighed and put his pen down. “I see. Well, I deduce, little brother, that you were caught experimenting on Redbeard again.”
. But it’s the shape, I don’t…”
“Happy birthday, Doc,” Lestrade finished. “Have a good one."
Over dinner, John didn’t mention the news report because he already knew what her reaction would be.
“Oh, and one for me too, please.” Mrs Turner whipped her head around. John looked up. Sherlock had his most charming smile on his face, the one that seemed to fool everyone but John. Now he turned those pale eyes on John’s own, the only indication that he was acting, and even that was difficult to spot. John was suddenly aware of just how close together they were when he felt Sherlock’s breath move the air between them as he said,
“Hey, shoes off,” John instructed. Sherlock’s brow creased in confusion. “What, were you raised in a barn?”
Mycroft ignored him. “Look,” he began. “I know you’re worried about – ”
“You’d better,” Clara whispered back, winking in such a ridiculous manner that Harry spluttered a giggle before remembering that it was gone midnight and her mother was not pleased with her anyway.
“Unfortunately, most of the guests are around that age where, for whatever reason I cannot fathom, they all wish to reproduce. So yes.” He sighed and began pointing at each of the kids, which was difficult as they were still leaping around. “Here, we have Louis, the youngest one of Celine’s spawn – ”
“Who are you? Where’s my brother?”
After having finished passing around the canapés, trays much lighter than they had been when they’d started, Sherlock and John made their way back to the kitchen, but they were intercepted by two small boys, no older than thirteen.
“Comfortable? Ignorant? So I don’t scare them? Is that the reason?” Sherlock kept an intense glare focused on her, knowing his eyes were making her nervous.
would be pleased.
“Just saying that we’ll be there soon. You’re a bit of a quiet one, aren’t you?”
John felt as if they were all posing for a camera, a perfect picture of family life. Polite conversation, caring gestures, respectful jokes - complete ignorance of the countless nights of slamming doors, shouted expletives, smashed plates and blood-shot eyes that they had all been reduced to not so long ago. A glass vase, teetering on the edge of a mantelpiece.
John thought to himself.
Sherlock frowned, and John cocked his head, as if asking,
.” Sherlock read aloud.
Sherlock sighed. “When you pretended to wash up for fifteen minutes and got soapy water all over yourself because you were surprised to see me there.”
, he remembered – “This is for you,” he said, holding out the cup he hadn’t drunk from, and Sherlock lifted a gloved hand to take it.
“Sherlock?”
“And why not?”
He reached forward.
“Morning,” she replied. “Coffee?”
The clang of Big Ben reverberated out through the television’s speakers, the camera showing a shot of the clock face, both hands pointed to the sky, with the first fireworks bursting behind it. John could barely hear the ensuing eleven strikes of the bell and the accompanying fireworks, as the Holmes’ drawing room erupted in cheers.
There was nothing different about the mouth, save that the lips were pale grey, which struck John as a bit odd.
He was incredibly tempted to overturn the piece that was currently laying face-down on John’s bed. To distract himself, he got to reading through the books he’d taken out. He started with the one his brother had read, but found relatively little that would help him. The second book was more useful, however; it got him thinking about the method of administration of this mystery substance.
“So this is him,” she said, in equal parts to Sherlock, John and herself, looking him up and down.
There was a knock at the door. John jumped, startled out of wherever he’d been in his head. He wiped the wetness from his cheeks –
“Trick or treat, Johnny-boy.” The boy heading the group of teenagers at the Watsons’ door removed an Anonymous mask to reveal a familiar face John was hoping to avoid.
When he sat back down at his side, John nudged Sherlock with his shoulder. “See? Told you you’d get it,” he whispered, but Sherlock did not get to reply because the headmaster was saying into the microphone,
A small, elderly woman was revealed, and John realised with a jolt that this must have been Mrs Hudson.
“Oh – Mike, meet mum and Harry; mum and Harry meet Mike.”
“Yes, that’s true.”
He had wandered through the building for hours, breathing in the smell of the books, of the wood polish, of the dust in the corners. Using his phone as a torch, he had sat on a table, an old book of poetry in his lap, into the early hours, until the words swam before his eyes.
Content warning for underage drinking. To avoid, please skip the part between the sentences “Lestrade had already had…” and “"Never have I ever robbed a shop…” Open this information in another tab
As the train pulled away, he took out his phone. Harry had finally replied, asking if he was ‘there’ yet, wherever ‘there’ was meant to be. He updated her, then considered sending another text to Sherlock, but didn’t.
A photographer appeared out of nowhere, and the team got into a formation, posing. John’s smile was his real one, and Sherlock felt warm.
“I know, I know, I was only joking!” John appeased, getting down from his bed and taking out his pyjamas. He began to get changed. Sherlock, realising what John was doing, lay down on his bed and watched the ceiling closely.
“Oh,” John said, smiling a little. “I punched him earlier.”
They were silent for a while, Sherlock sorting his socks out in the bottom of the trunk, John leaving neatly folded shirts beside him on the floor.
While he was making the teas – plural; if he put it down within Sherlock’s reach, hopefully he’d drink it when John wasn’t looking – his phone buzzed.
But still nothing from Sherlock.
When he could speak again, John said, “Look at us both, huh? Daddy issues the size of continental Europe,” he shook his head. "That was pretty insane, back there."
“Do what?”
John laughed. “Shut up.”
– put it in the middle of the floor, and dumped his socks in the bottom.
“You think we’ll lose without him?”
Of course, John couldn’t hide himself and Sherlock away in room twenty-one forever.
“Why should I, freak?”
The first part of the journey was a breeze – the Tube was a little disorderly, but that was to be expected on New Year’s. Once the crowds began to thin as he left the centre of the city, he managed to find a seat. He put his fraying backpack on his lap, finding comfort in the shape of the yellow disposable camera in one of the outside pockets.
As John sat in the Sholtos’ kitchen, nursing a cup of tea and declining Jammy Dodgers, he kept his eyes on the woman sitting across from him.
) to appreciate the reality of a thirteen year old being snatched from a place of supposed safety. Nadia gave him a small, sad smile, and sat on her brother’s bed. She pulled a hoodie that had been abandoned on top of the duvet onto her lap and rubbed at it with a thumb.
“Oh, not much,” Kitty replied. John mostly avoided speaking to her; something about her gaze, intense, searching, penetrating, made him uneasy. “I’ve just been thinking. About you, about your position in the Herald.”
“…Right,” he heard God say behind him.
Sherlock and John had very little left to pack into their suitcases, having done the bulk of it the night before, so room twenty one was bare so quickly that it was a little disconcerting.
Harry huffed the beginning of a protest.
He had seen it earlier when he’d gone up to deposit his bags in John’s room. He took the stairs two at a time and when he rounded into John’s room, it was still there, on his bedside table.
“…And could the lower sixth please stay behind for a few minutes, Mr Carter wishes to speak with you. Have a good day, everyone. You are dismissed.”
John had tried to convince Sherlock to come, but his friend had said something about some things he hadn’t had a chance to do that afternoon and declined, so he went down alone.
The grin that bloomed across Harry's face was matched on Sherlock's before she slipped quietly from the house.
“Let me rephrase that; they don’t like me there.”
He typed the boy’s name in again, pressed
“Go to sleep,” John replied. “That’s the only thing that will get you better quicker.”
. And he had said it as if it was the most certain thing in the world, that Sherlock would still be dragging him into peril all the way through their A-Levels – beyond that, Sherlock truly didn’t allow himself to think. So certain that it would, indeed, be pragmatic for them to have some sort of mayday known only to themselves. So certain it was as if Sherlock had no choice in the matter –
“He’s… nice enough. He’s a light sleeper, but he doesn’t mind about the… you know.”
Sherlock frowned. He wasn't sure he had an answer to that, but before he could form one, the door creaked open and a man put his head into the room.
“Swimming,” Sherlock had replied.
“No, it isn’t, it’s fucking awful,” John said, but that didn’t stop him from grinning. “You fucking laughed while I was yelling at you, I don’t think you have any authority over appropriate humour.”
John began walking towards him even as Sherlock walked towards John, drawn together by every force in the universe, and Sherlock extended a hand, but John was laughing at him. He stopped and looked at the hand, opened his mouth in disbelief. Sherlock frowned, but then John laughed again and shook his head.
It was ten minutes later, John sitting at his desk, having thought that he might as well get an early start on his maths homework, but now heavily regretting that decision, when Sherlock finally replied.
“Hey, oh my god,” John said. “This floor would be perfect for sliding on, let me just – ”
“No, and something comestible,” Sherlock replied, huffing after a few seconds and straightening up, closing the door.
“You’re the one who has a therapist” returned Sherlock, shocking John into more laughter, and earning himself a pillow to the face.
He felt Sherlock turn his head. John did the same, and the proximity of their faces would have been uncomfortable had Sherlock not been looking at him like he’d just suggested Mycroft and Viola get married. “Why the hell would we do that?”
“He hasn’t replied yet, Sherlock. I only sent the message thirty seconds ago. Chill.”
He tried to list the places Sherlock may have run off to, but that turned up frighteningly few results. John sometimes forgot that he had only known Sherlock a couple of months, but that night was not one of those times.  He found himself wondering whether he should go back and ask Mike, or Lestrade, but that was not what made his footsteps falter.
And sat there.
“Time for bed, boys,” the man said in a gravelly, likeable voice, free of the marks of upper class that marked the voices of most of the students. “Ah, John. Sorry I haven’t been able to say hello to you before now, I had some personal stuff to take care of.” He came over to John’s bed, and John leaned over the side to shake his outstretched hand. “Greg Lestrade, housemaster. I’m sure Miss Marple here will take good care of you, won’t you, Sherlock?”
John shook his head. “Why are you saying this?”
“Anyone interested in the case at all?” Sherlock asked, an edge of annoyance to his voice. The girl gave John one last smirk before turning back to Sherlock.
“John, right? John… ugh, what was it? John…” one of the boys on the sofa interrupted, clicking his fingers in annoyance.
“John. Can you get out of the san?”
And he did. Sherlock’s gaze landed on John’s, and the recognition on his face was instant. A small quirk of the mouth, a relaxing of the forehead.
“John,” he started, his voice measured and deliberate, obviously remembering their argument that afternoon. “Would you mind doing me a favour?”
He was standing in front of the window, curtains wide open onto the pre-dawn inky blue sky, in a dressing gown. He had his violin tucked under his chin, and seemed to be playing random notes, a few chords, sometimes just plucking at the strings.
The house was dark, quiet.
On Monday morning, Lestrade called him and Mike up to the front of the common room during registration.
“If this is about Carl again, I’m really trying to move on, so…” Muhammad said, sitting down.
“Shut up, Seb,” chuckled John as he finally passed the finish line.
“If – if you would just hear me out – ” Eddie stammered.
“That wasn’t so bad, was it?” John asked, lying on his bed after the rehearsal had disbanded.
John looked around the assembled boys in astonishment. “What do you mean?”
Mycroft. Past-Mycroft. Barely older than Sherlock was now, but three times his height, leering and patronising. Just like daddy.
“There’s still a chance.” Sherlock said. He looked back to his salad. “London needs your medical expertise just as much. You could… you could stay with me.”
The music combined with the steady rhythm of the dance, the beer in his blood, the low buzz of chatter around them, and Sherlock’s body heat, was making John feel sleepy. He looked down, watched his and Sherlock’s feet moving together.
“Yeah? You sure?” John checked, and he could see Henry fold his arms out of the corner of his eye. “Okay, camping it is.”
“Sherlock…”
– he moved back into the kitchen, hearing Dave and Jo chatting by the front door, taking off coats and scarves and suchlike.
“I was thinking maybe we should have something like that,” John continued, and Sherlock looked down at him.
“You – that crap you pulled this evening – I don’t know whether to kill you or kiss you,” Eddie said, almost breathless.
“The woman who always wears that hideous necklace, the gold one with too many pendants.” Sherlock elaborated, as if that explained everything.
“Second place goes to a house who wowed us last year and this year were almost as technically perfect as our winner. Their performance built beautifully, and that performance was Funke with
Fifty nine seconds.
“It wasn’t, uh,” Anderson started, then cleared his throat, a gesture which betrayed a depth of emotion that John hadn’t thought he would have displayed. “It wasn’t pretty.”
“You and God Staunton meet up for study seshes,” John said, not bothering to hide his incredulity.
“It… it was right here,” John said, running his hands over the bricks. Dry.
Sherlock cursed silently. He was now obliged to face John, as the other boy had engaged him in conversation. Sherlock put an arm in a sleeve and turned around.
There was a sudden rustling and flapping, and John opened his eyes to see Sherlock frantically shaking off his coat, leaving it where it fell on the floor, and roughly clearing a space on top of his chest of drawers. Numerous objects fell to the floor, and John rushed to catch them before they broke.
John groaned in what Sherlock assumed was frustration. He turned to the taller boy, pointing a finger at him. “Look, Sherlock, I am taking – what?”
In response, Sherlock simply raised an eyebrow and sang at him. “
The second time John stepped onto that pitch, in front of all of those people, all nausea was gone. God Staunton had silenced Baynes and had given them the firm talking-to they had needed to get their blood boiling, and John’s head had never felt so clear. He didn’t look for Sherlock this time; he found him immediately. He looked exactly the same, and John drew a breath.
And then sneezed.
judging by the post-it stuck to the front cover of the one her pencil case sat atop, her name and house scribbled in a middle-aged woman’s writing.
“Don’t ‘
“Have they been bad?” Still, even after all this time, still this subject was talked about with an annoying delicacy.
Sherlock’s world narrowed to the two metres of water directly below him, tinted dark by his goggles. He was almost certain his heart had stopped beating, his breathing so shallow he could barely feel it passing through him.
-ed. “You sound like your brother.”
Life at home, John realised, had gone on without him.
John sat at his desk, trying to force some last minute maths revision into his head without much success. His pen kept wandering to the margins, doodling patterns and figures.
He took a step back and sat on the bed opposite Sherlock and took out his phone.
ed, and John retrieved the bag and emptied its contents into a bowl. “Get the milk out the fridge?”
“That first half term holiday of the year, I am pretty sure he didn’t go home. He just stayed up there, alone. His family didn’t care. The pupils didn’t care. No one cared. No one except me and Molly Hooper. She was as much of a friend to him as I was, and we’d been texting each other about him every now and then.
. If John had, for reasons unknown to Sherlock, persisted in seeming to like him for (
“...Not regularly.”
He couldn’t really process what he had just experienced. Sherlock had spent time making music, actually
…” his mum followed, joining in the song, her face lit up by the sputtering candles on the cake she was carrying in outstretched arms.
As soon as she’d gone, John slumped and breathed out a long breath of relief, stowing his phone in his blazer pocket.
“John, thank god,” Lestrade exclaimed when he saw them. “Finally someone sensible in this madhouse. Could you please find your teammates and tell them to, first of all, calm the fu- to calm down, to find a mascot if they haven’t already, and to find some paint and bring it into the common room? Thanks.”
“Fuck off, John,” she said. John laughed.
Even though Sherlock had never felt so light-headed, he knew that now, because the rest of the guests had left, John would revert back to the original plan and sleep in the room across the hallway.
“Just over two hours, I know,” Sherlock finished. “Yes, fine – but these are the only circumstances under which I will ever watch a James Bond movie with you.”
Sherlock stopped, and the boy walked into him. Sherlock took a step into his space, towering above him, face like thunder. John put a hand on his arm.
He remembered the two nights he had slept in John’s house. The first he barely remembered at all – he had been in a bad state then. But he did remember the way John’s bed had smelt. Like John’s bed did in school, but so much more intense. Like John himself did, but everywhere. He remembered trying to bury himself in it, to be absorbed in it. It had smelt like home.
“I didn’t say anything.”
In went the OXO cube, in went the honey.
“I know you want to help your mother and sister, and be with your family, but honestly John, you can’t please everyone. You can't replace your father. You don't need to fill his shoes. You can just be sixteen. You can let yourself move on.”
“I can float,” John replied. “And I used to be able to do a mean doggypaddle.”
Sherlock was lying on his back on his bed as John dressed.
Sherlock thought.
“So this is what my thousands of pounds in school fees are going towards,” Mrs Watson joked. “For you to wake up to this every morning.”
It was a Saturday evening, and John was trying to do some maths homework without passing out. His eyes were burning and rubbing them only made them sting more. The symbols on the page before him swam and merged and blurred, and John put his head in his hands and sighed.
Sherlock thought.
“Sherlock, I’ve brought you your new roommate.”
“As risky as hiding thousands of pounds worth of drugs under your bed?” Sherlock turned the knob, opening the door as he said it.
“Yeah?”
the hands on his arms as the memory began to fade.
Sherlock turned to John in a last-ditch attempt to escape.
“No, never. You can usually hear them from my house. But I’d like to, one day.”
“No, we haven’t,” Harry agreed.
John’s phone vibrated in his blazer pocket. Not taking his eyes off the man in front of him, he took out his phone. The text was from an unknown number.
“Even I’ve seen those movies, mate,” Glen said disapprovingly.
“Hey, what’s that?”
It was eight the following morning. The sky was the kind of blue that only comes with the flirtation with zero degrees.
“I’m sorry.”
“It was a joke, John.”
“Like something out of a bad crime drama, no?” Sherlock finished. “While I agree with you, the more I read into it… for example, there are some documents that have only been released in the last couple of years about some experiments MI5 did in the eighties. During the Cold War, during the Second World War, even. Prisoners of war weren’t just prisoners. Guinea pigs, too.”
Sherlock heard John snort a laugh.
Into what he wasn’t sure, but he wanted to be absorbed, to dive deep and never resurface.
“Yeah. Are you thinking of doing it?”
He turned to her, but what he was about to say evaporated from his mind as he saw a purple bruise on her cheek, badly disguised with makeup.
The card game the boys were playing is called ‘Bullshit’ (or 'Liar', when you're in polite company...!) and it involves lying about what cards you have. It’s great fun and Sherlock would win every single time.
He returned to the living room to find Sherlock sitting on the floor applying eyeliner to himself in the borrowed mirror.
Sure enough, Mike stopped in front of a door with the number twenty-one in the top right hand corner, at the very end of the corridor. While all the other doors had various bits of paper stuck to them - pictures, magazine clippings, doodles, hand-drawn name cards – this door was completely bare. Mike pushed it open.
She shifted slightly where she sat and Sherlock’s eye was caught by the way she gingerly rested her right foot on the floor – instead of flat, as her left was, her toes were raised slightly.
“Mhm.”
“Brill. See? This is easy! I’ll get the pot-pourri from the toilet – sorry, the loo, as you would say – and you go get the potassium whatever from the lab.”
“Only if you answer mine,” Sherlock sang. He rounded a corner and nearly walked into Anderson.
“That art teacher had sex with those two history teachers last night,” he proclaimed.
“You know, like him. Brain as big as the moon, no friends, solving mysteries like he’s in a penny dreadful...”
Sherlock and John exchanged a look. Sherlock smirked.
“What?” John asked, still confused. “We’re not going to steal someone’s shoes, are we?” he exclaimed.
“You’re not answering your texts, John,” started Kai.
John breathed a laugh. “I suppose that’s true.”
“Harry?”
His mind raced –
Everything, apparently.
“Let’s put some music on,” John said, getting up and going to Sherlock’s bed, where Sherlock had left his laptop. Sherlock lay down on the floor, hearing John tut. “Why do you only listen to classical music, you grandpa?”
Check out this gorgeous art of John and Sherlock dancing:
“Don’t take another step towards your - your precious roommate,” John said, and Sherlock saw a red light flash above him.
“I didn’t do anything,”
He lifted his finger from the bell, expecting the door to swing open immediately.
“Celine? About forty f-”
John was surprised. He’d never been to a swimming competition before, so this was completely unexpected. The only sound was the lapping of the water against the sides and the hum of the machinery. John wanted to hold his breath, lest it disrupt whatever was happening here.
In the basement, Muhammad had been cut free of his bindings and was being looked over by paramedics. He had a blanket around his shoulders and a tear was tracing its way silently down his cheek. John introduced Sherlock and they told Muhammad a little about what had happened. John tried to be as charming as possible and soon Muhammad began to stop sniffling. The boy confirmed Sherlock’s deductions and added extra bits of information, like his attacker sneaking up behind him and pulling a pillow case over his head before he could see who it was. He wasn’t entirely sure when he had been knocked out, but the paramedics said that it didn’t matter, a point which Sherlock contested until John raised his voice.
Room twenty-one was empty of Holmeses. All Sherlock’s stuff was there – the skull watching him silently from its bedpost as usual, the flame of a Bunsen burner glowing blue from behind a pile of books on the desk, his long coat hanging over the back of his –
“No, no – I mean, I miss you, and home, of course, but I’m doing fine. It’s very different, though.”
“More in-keeping with the style,” he said, nimble fingers sure and efficient as he finished one sleeve and turned John so he had access to the other. “Besides. Looks better this way. You’ve worked for those biceps, so you may as well show them off.”
“Charlie Magnussen. Pleased to meet you,” Charlie replied.
He’d also forgotten Anderson.
“Hurry up! You’re late!”
His friend’s voice, almost shy, brought him back to room twenty one.
He thought wearily.
True enough, the lock on the trap door in the ceiling of the uppermost corridor was open, as was the door itself. Directly underneath it was an upturned washing basket. John knew Sherlock could easily get himself up into the attic without it, and smiled – he had left it there in anticipation of John’s coming to find him.
The same Anderson from the day Sherlock had first texted him. He sighed.
“Why?” Sherlock replied, thankfully matching John’s volume. “It’s not as if any of those idiotic rules about respecting the dead apply to animals,”
“Never,” Sherlock replied, and John realised Sherlock had curled his fingers around John’s.
Lestrade’s office was small, messy, and seemed more like a second living room than a professional working space.
“They’re just… cells,” John said, frowning at the lumpy structures.
“Ah, that’s normal, don’t worry – he’ll be back at some point,” Mike smiled. “Coming to dinner?”
“I… I don’t even know what to say, Sherlock, I… that’s terrible. I’m sorry.”
“It would, wouldn’t it, moron – you chose this entire outfit, I followed your instructions to the letter, so of course it would look good. Except,” he said, bending down and pulling his trouser leg up a little, revealing his ankle. “I took a little bit of liberty with the socks, hope you don’t mind.”
The chorus approached, and John planted his feet and gyrated, giggling at the way Sherlock’s breath seemed to catch as he understood the meaning of the lyrics.
He didn’t realise he was falling asleep until Sarah woke him up.
“Holmes, do you need to be excused?”
The room was different in the light of day. It seemed less personal, airier. The cream of the walls and the brown of the wood made John think of coffee.
“Sherlock,” John answered. This was the first he’d heard from his friend since their parting farewells at school five days ago, despite numerous texts from his end. He put the phone to his ear. “Hello?”
“Are you all right?” Sherlock murmured.
Sherlock had been reading the same page of Latin for the previous half an hour. He was finding it difficult to concentrate, especially when John rubbed his foot absent-mindedly. Infuriating. But he’d read all of
Sherlock was walking across a great field. The sea of grass stretched as far as he could see, empty as a promise, and he was barefoot, the short blades tickling the soles of his feet as he went.
“Mm?”
John woke.
At lunch, Mike and John sat with the rest of their friends at their regular table. As they ate, John’s eyes wandered about the dining hall. On the table in the furthest corner sat a huddle of bronze-skinned figures, deep in conversation.
“Nope.”
. “There you are,” he said triumphantly. “Richard Brook, twelve years old, been in twice before.”
“There. Replied something reassuring about Muhammad having simply bunked off and deleted the conversation so Lestrade won’t know a thing. Shall we go?”
“And what question would that be?” Sherlock called over his shoulder as he turned the corner and went through the door.
Sherlock hummed. “Regrettable.”
“Uh,” Angelica began, looking to John for reassurance.
“Big, isn’t it?” Mrs Hudson commented.
With that, he turned on his heels and strode out of the common room, leaving behind the smell of wet fabric.
“What in god’s name is going on?” Bradstreet asked.
Sherlock had gone out about an hour ago, muttering something about road-kill and litter distribution on country lanes.  John had gone downstairs into the common room and had found Mike and some of his friends from Pullman and a couple of girls from Shelley house yelling at the television while Mike and a boy with a lilting accent and a copious amount of freckles battled it out over a game of
, he wanted to say. This was exactly the kind of situation that Sherlock could not resist - a puzzle to solve, and high enough stakes to make it exciting. Unfortunately, this was also the exact kind of situation that Sherlock would let rip him apart, and if there was even a slim chance Victor was back... But John did not say any of that, hanging up on a sigh. He put his phone away and headed in the direction of Victor’s house. He wasn’t sure which missing boy he was expecting to find there, but he had no other ideas.
Five. A couple of hours, then, until he would have to slip back into the clockwork of the school’s routine, but, until then, the world was still unconscious, and he could walk where he pleased. On any other day, he would have gone for a walk in the woods, but that day, he had to find his friend. His probably drugged-up, self-destructive, obsessive, frustrating, childish, but somehow best friend.
“I would be highly surprised it if wasn’t,” Sherlock responded in the tone of voice he used when his attention was elsewhere. When John pressed send and looked up, Sherlock was reading a page of tiny text on his laptop, eyes flicking rapidly as he scanned the information. His pale skin was bleached by the light from the computer screen, the only light in the room, save the screen of John’s phone.
If Mycroft wanted to comment on the picture they were looking at, he didn’t. Instead, he briefly greeted them both, and then turned to Sherlock.
“Aw, she’s out,” Harry sang, bouncing down the stairs. “Where you been all day, Johhny? I missed you,”
It was dark; John lay in bed, as did Sherlock. Curtains closed, teeth brushed, all but two lights turned off.
He was sitting on the floor, leaning against his ladder, legs stretched out towards Sherlock’s desk. Sherlock was doing the same against his own. The taller boy’s sock-clad feet reached John’s knees, but John’s barely passed Sherlock’s ankles. After having played three rounds of the game consecutively, John had been running out of names of celebrities his roommate would know, so the Post-it note on his forehead simply read ‘Sherlock Holmes’.
Sherlock almost couldn’t watch. He heard John shouting something, louder than he had ever heard him, and more primal. However, Sherlock couldn’t make out what he was saying as his shouts were drowned under those of the spectators, under those of the Doyle team, under those of the Green players, under the rain.
Only once he and Sherlock had rounded the corner did John stop and lean against a wall. He inspected his hand, slowly stretching out his fingers and curling them again.
“Yes, that is correct, and we-“ Eddie’s voice was once again drowned under mumbles of irate reluctance.
“Christ almighty,” John muttered, eyebrows raised. “I’m surprised you haven’t gotten arrested yet.”
“Alright, good,” John said, turning back to Vlad. “Understand?”
Sherlock hadn’t noticed that the crowd was beginning to disperse – the ceremony was over. “Do you want to stay or shall we go back to house?”
“They said something about a committee. I stopped listening.”
“The queue has moved along, John,” he said, and John sighed and shuffled up.
. To find out how to avoid it, go
Suddenly, the stage lights fell into darkness and he heard the audience hush.
John bristled beside him. “Just wake up Raz, Anderson,” he instructed, voice low and commanding.
“Ancient? How ancient?”
Sherlock had stopped eating four days previously, stopped sleeping three, and hadn’t left their room for two.
“He’s on a diet,” Sherlock said loudly to John, who had to resist the urge to kick Sherlock’s calf.
Sherlock fiddled with the cork. He frowned at his heart rate.
Irene smirked. “Poor lamb,” she purred. “Are you a little bit confused?”
They had played duck-duck-goose, musical chairs and pass-the-parcel (for the grand prize of a blow-up crown the winner, who turned out to be Eddie van Coon, was forced to wear). The evening had dissolved into unorganised milling, groups of boys clumped around the garden as the sun set about putting itself to bed. John had positioned himself and Sherlock half in, half out of a group containing some lower sixth and a couple of the friendlier upper sixth, all of whom were politely ignoring Sherlock’s presence - better that than talk to him about God or Carl or the pets or… the list went on. John was paying little attention to their conversation in favour of allowing himself to enjoy this small pause in the chaos of the rest of the week. The sky was blazing orange at the horizon, the wispy clouds above them tinged pink.
March sprung up out of the winter-hardened earth. Grey skies occasionally let slip small rays of cold, striving sunshine before shivering winds blustered the clouds back into their place. John realised the time left before he sat his first AS exam could now be counted in weeks instead of months, and panic-made a revision timetable. Sherlock seemed unbothered by the looming assessments - John suspected that he had forgotten about them until he reminded him one evening.
Eddie heaved a breath of relief and fumbled in his gratitude. “Oh, yes, what a wonderful idea, ever the voice of reason, John – ”
“Let John have a go, Sherlock,” Mike reasoned. “Besides, when was the last time anything was yours or John’s anyway.”
Sherlock had sent him for a very particular book, and John had memorised its index number. He set off down the central aisle as quietly as possible, his shoes squeaking conspicuously on the floor. An impossibly long table ran the length of the building; John guessed that it must have sat over fifty people. As he progressed down the library, John realised that none of the shelves were labelled, or labelled legibly at least. The writing had faded over time to leave just the ghosts of letters on the yellowing paper stapled to the ends of the bookcases, and John realised he’d managed to get himself lost inside one single room.
John supposed,
By the time they reached the san’s door, John could easily have walked on his own, but neither boy had made a move to disentangle themselves. Sherlock could feel the slight curve of John’s waist under his hand.
– and carefully poured it into the older mug. He went to do the same to the rose-patterned other, but John made a noise and told him to do one at a time – “so you can refine your technique”. Sherlock thought that to be a risible remark, and told him so, but obeyed.
Lestrade was holding the door open, and as John passed him, he wished him “a nice holiday, Doc”. John returned the sentiment, joining a cluster of boys outside the house.
Sherlock smiled and nodded. And then there was nothing left to say.
, he replied underneath.
“You don't
“What about nitre, then? What even is nitre?”
“Don’t ‘what’s up’ me, young man. You wouldn’t happen to know anything about the letter that came through our door this morning, would you?”
Sherlock swallowed. “Congratulations,” he said.
As he handed over the money, Sherlock muttered a “Thanks,” to him, and, rather unexpectedly, kissed him on the cheek.
Sherlock rolled his eyes at John.
“Mind what now?”
“We only came third,” Sherlock wheezed.
“Hey,” John returned, aware of the weight of his friends’ gazes on him. “Can we chat for a sec?”
Smith folded his arms. “Mm. They met at a swimming gala. From rival teams. Don’t get me wrong, my nephew probably provoked him, but Powers broke two of his ribs. My sister was distraught, it was very annoying.”
The boys began to get ready for bed, despite both of them knowing they’d be up for hours to come.
“You’re looking smart this morning,” said Eric. “Doing something special?”
while watching sixty pairs of eyes pretend not to be glancing at Sherlock, who was sitting at the back of the room and staunchly feigning ignorance.
John put another marshmallow in his mouth, feeling like his cheeks were going to explode any second. “Chubby bunny,” he managed, but it was almost intelligible.
“Harry’s probably out somewhere with Clara,” John said into the quiet as he and Sherlock took their shoes and coats off. “Mum and Dave are coming home a bit later, so I think it’s up to you and me to make dinner, my friend,”
Sherlock shrugged, drawing his eyebrows together slightly. “No, sir. Have I done something wrong?”
, it’s – I know it, it’s defunct!” Sherlock exclaimed, startling John a little with the force behind his words. However, he did not let it show.
“Oi! Stay still – Glen, stop that!” he was shouting. “Shut up!”
Neither would remember, later, when they dropped off to sleep, but each would maintain that they outlasted the other.
“Sorry?” John heard himself ask.
Sherlock pursed his lips. “How about the handwriting? Someone who graffitis here regularly?”
His friend swallowed and kept his eyes on the floor.
Bill laughed and slapped him on the back. “I’m just messing with you, John,” he said.
“See you later, John,” Sherlock said, and made to sit down.
“That it?” John murmured.
“Oh, God… your face was right in front of my crotch when he came in,” he groaned, then shook his head and laughed in disbelief. “Now he probably thinks we’re secretly fucking or something…” John laughed again and began to retrieve the equipment from where Sherlock had stowed it under his desk.
“Open it, you great wally,” Mrs Watson laughed.
Sherlock had never thought about this side of him. He seemed almost transformed, on the pitch, from John, the reliable friend, to John, the first team rugby player, the sportsman, the leader.
Nothing had changed. John supposed it wouldn’t have done, but he was still pleasantly surprised at Doyle’s consistency. Same smell of dust and laundry, same bare door of room twenty-one, same cool paint beneath his fingers as he pushed it open.
most enjoyed of the house competitions, so don’t knock it ‘till you try it. Oh, and if I hear one single person say anything about it being ‘gay’, I will supervise their Saturday detention myself.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “One fifty.”
Sherlock smiled, and John was surprised to see that it was a genuine expression. “I suppose not, no.”
“…and, I believe, it’s our very own John Watson’s birthday today,” Lestrade announced as he closed the register. Fifty faces turned to John’s, some smiling, others not. Mike playfully slapped him on the shoulder.
John began to struggle to his feet, and Sherlock suddenly realised he should help in some manner – he offered out his free hand, which John gripped tighter than he was expecting. With the help of the coach, the boy stood, and wrapped an arm around Sherlock’s neck, Sherlock’s own finding John’s waist.
“Were you…?” he trailed off, hoping Sherlock would fill in the rest.
“Such as?”
“And pirates wear eyeliner,” John supplied sceptically.
John jolted awake.
“Oh, okay, that’s easy, no precision involved,” Sherlock said dismissively. “Although Mycroft did make me stop doing it a few years ago, so I may be a little out of practise.”
His friend still had his shoes on, so John set his glass down on the bed side table and began to unlace them. He pulled them slowly off the other boy’s feet and set them neatly by the bed. He pulled the duvet folded neatly at the end of the bed over the sleeping body, and was tempted to lie down on the bed opposite and take a moment to rest, but he could hear someone opening the door to the building.
“Tomorrow, I’ll pay you tomorrow,” Sherlock replied, wanting to be out of the house.
After two more lessons, it was lunch. Sherlock was nowhere to be seen, so John went and sat with Mike and his friends. They chatted about this and that, and John soon left them in search of his roommate.
“What?” Sherlock said once he’d caught up with him, but John simply took a hold of Sherlock’s right arm and held it up, then let go and put his arm around Sherlock’s waist and continued singing some football chant Sherlock didn’t know. After a moment of surprise, Sherlock realised he still had his hand in the air like an idiot, so he lowered his arm and put it around John’s shoulders. John turned to him, grinned, then turned back, and Sherlock stopped fighting his own smile.
“That’s because you have no taste.” Sherlock dismissed.
John swallowed and nodded.
“Goodness me, it’s so lovely to finally meet you, John,” she said, pulling back. John could already feel himself relaxing in her presence. If Sherlock trusted her, then he could. He was about to return the compliment when she added, “I’ve heard so much about you.”
John had the plastic bag containing the hat swinging from two fingers of the hand that also held the paper one containing the nuts, popping one into his mouth every so often.
He remembered the way his senses had gradually returned to normal as he lay on those scratchy bed sheets, and the way the door complained whenever someone pushed it open. He remembered how the nurses would try to put a screen around his bed whenever another student entered the ward, and how he had kicked up an almighty fuss and had refused to eat until they had given up, so he could deduce someone new, anyone different at all to the few people who bustled in and out of his life all too often over that period.
Sherlock cleared his throat uncomfortably.
?” he joked, trying to be as casual as possible.
He grabbed Sherlock by the arm and ran out of the classroom.
On entering his room, Sherlock was suddenly overwhelmed with the urge to lie down. All rational thought had been trapped in the goo in his head and all that was left was an aching exhaustion, pumped through his veins to his extremities.
“Should I be?” John returned.
“The crash didn’t hurt. It was… so full of sound. The metal colliding and splitting and wrenching apart and grinding and screeching and then it just stopped and everything was stationary. Dad was screaming. I don’t know if you’ve ever heard a human scream, properly, but it was so primal and tore at a part of me that lay buried by thousands of years of evolution, and it hurt more than I thought I was capable of being hurt without dying.
Eddie held out the booklet. Sherlock made no move to get up. From the kitchenette, John mouthed at Sherlock to ‘
“What?”
Forty seven.
The house was quiet in a way John had never experienced. He trailed his hand up the banister as he climbed the stairs, listening to his own footsteps and realising that he was alone in Doyle for the first and, most likely, last time. When he reached the top floor, he gave the banister a squeeze for good luck before moving away down the corridor towards the upturned laundry basket underneath the open attic door. He had decided what he wanted to say to Sherlock.
John knew the look Harry would be giving him. He stayed still, hoping if he played dead she’d go away.
“That’s - Sherlock, I couldn’t do that.” John unfolded his arms as the enormity of what Sherlock had just offered swept through him. “That’s so much money, Sherlock.”
“I - ” John began, but his knees buckled. Sherlock grabbed him and guided him to the floor, helping him to sit against the changing room wall. He sat heavily down beside him.
Mike shook his head. “Unless there was someone specific,” he said, and John snorted.
to text him, but this way we’ll be allowed into his house without question.”
“Yeah, I know, but let’s pretend he doesn’t. More fun if it’s secret, right?”
John’s phone vibrated again.
“Okay. Seriously, what the
Sherlock sighed at the little text-face and looked over his phone at his friend, who noticed him looking, grinned, and then mimicked the emoticon, sticking his tongue out. Sherlock rolled his eyes and went back to his phone.
“Yes. Go on,” John folded his arms, an expectant smirk on his face.
Her mother nodded and they returned to the living room, Harry sitting at the computer and her mother pulling up a chair she had dragged from the dining room to sit beside her.
you don’t,” John said sarcastically. “Your qualifications of ‘not much’ don’t exactly match mine.”
“Do people really talk? About…” John held up their intertwined hands.
about whether you deserve it. To think otherwise is idiotic, so you’re an idiot.”
“All right, sorry, mate,” Dan said genuinely. “It’d be cool if you came out with us, though. We have missed you.”
, John pleaded silently.
“And he told me his name was James Sholto. And I tried looking him up on Facebook when I got home, tried every spelling I could think of, but no luck.”
He put the box on his bed and almost stabbed through the cardboard with his impatience while he tried to open it. Once the sellotape had been dealt with, he lifted the lid carefully, digging through the protective tissue paper until his fingers brushed plastic. This he tore open, bringing out the blazer within and holding it up.
“You didn’t hear him, Sherlock, he sounded so scared, he’s just a kid - ”
Sherlock looked up. John was looking at him levelly but expectantly, and Sherlock caved. “He’s been divorced three times, John.”
“Hello, John. How were lessons?”
“Who was invigilating?”
There was a few moments of brief limbo as the swimmers got out of the water and those competing in the next race got in at the deep end.
What goes around comes around.
They continued passing notes back and forth, rapidly filling page after page, and Sherlock didn’t realise how engrossed he’d become in the way John drew his commas until he felt another something hit him in the back of the head.
“Text Angelo. Tell him to send you a list of all God’s friends, people he associates with, people who it would not be suspicious to see walking towards his room.”
Again, no reaction.
“Transport, yes, I know,” John finished wearily, “but the brain needs fuel too – I thought you’d know that, being such a child genius and all.”
He was out within half an hour, a personal best.
,” he said, voice low, putting one foot in front of the other like a model on a catwalk, wobbling a little, making Sherlock laugh. When the singing began, he swung his hips, still mouthing, Sherlock laughing and laughing and laughing.
All John could do was watch as a flash of something dark fell in front of the rolling green hills outside the window.
“John, I swear to god – ”
“I think you should turn off Beyoncé, John,” Sherlock said slowly.
His roommate left his bag by the door, and started following John down the corridor.
“John,” Sherlock said, and then there was a hand curling itself around the fist John was pressing against the rooftop.
“Why, though? You’ll have lots of other supporters, it’s not as if you’re an unpopular person.”
The lights came up, and John was surprised at their strength, and then he waited. The entire house did. For Sherlock. For what felt like hours, they waited, but in reality John knew it must have been mere seconds, agonising, terrible seconds, before –
“I’m going to post you your Christmas presents, so text me your address?” John asked, turning to his best friend.
Once there, he sat down on a bench, as far away from the entangled couple on the other end of it as he could. He laid the flowers next to him gently, and then rummaged through his backpack until he found his scarf, gratefully wrapping it around his bare neck.
He was on his knees now, now on all fours, coughing, and his breaths were quick and short. Sherlock dropped to the floor.
NB part 2: there is some more old-ish English in this one -
John and Sherlock texted into the small hours of Christmas day, and Sherlock was astonished at how much there was to talk about.
There few a few titters from the crowd, and then Molly appeared from behind someone, Sherlock’s clear plastic box in her hand. “Here,” she said, blushing bright red. “I didn’t think you’d want the mud back,”
“Actually, yes,” Sherlock replied, surprising John. “It’s grey. I think it’ll suit you.”
“Sherlock!” John protested, but his friend paid no heed. John muttered apologies to the people he was barging through by proxy, Sherlock’s grip on his arm unyielding. John was always surprised when Sherlock touched him, simply because the tall boy was such a self-contained entity. The only times John had seen him initiate any physical contact with other people were with the purpose of manipulation. Technically, every time Sherlock tugged John by the arm, John was being manipulated as well. But somehow it didn’t feel the same.
“So how could I get the extra point five, then?” he asked.
“However, the atmosphere was certainly frosty to begin with. Everyone kept asking me what had happened, and I dutifully told them that he’d got hypothermia and had fallen unconscious on the rooftop. Once I’d convinced them all that he hadn’t tried to commit suicide, or set up a meth lab in the attic, things began to get a little better. But still nobody talked to him. I told them that it would be much better if they would, and that I had made sure he wouldn’t do his mind-reader tricks on them. Eventually, they agreed, and stopped talking around him so much.
“Doesn’t she mind?”
“Ooh, he’ll be in an awful mood when you get back to house at break… mind you, he looks magnificent when he’s angry, all moody and-” Molly stopped, mortified. “Did I just say that out loud?” John nodded, biting back a laugh. “Oh, God…” Molly turned around again, red flushing her cheeks.
John wrested his arm from Sherlock’s grasp but felt his back hit the wall behind him, Sherlock a little too close for comfort. “I’m fucking worried about him. I don’t expect you to get it, Sherlock. You wouldn’t understand feeling protective of kids, you don’t have a younger sibling, but - ”
Sherlock was there and John felt like he’d been washed away by the sea.
Upon poking his head out of the door, John saw Mike and the others sitting at the other end of the corridor, each with small white cards in their hands.
“Wait…” Claus said. “Girls come?”
(See the end of the chapter for
John, as reliable as ever, had burst in, extricated them both from the situation, and then everything had started to go downhill. Which was an understatement.
“What? Keep going – ”
“Or someone with a laser pen. They very well may have been bluffing.”
The village was crawling with the pubescent insects he had the misfortune to go to school with, the church service having finished, oh, about half an hour ago. He eyed each one with distaste as he passed them, so wrapped up in their little existences as they were.
“D’you want a cuppa?”
“Don’t worry, she’ll forgive you,” the woman at the till said to him, smiling at him as if to reassure him of something.
John walked over to Anderson, who was standing with Sally Donovan. They both had perturbed frowns on their faces.
“What-?” Sherlock began, but John had one hand on the back of his head – making sure his index and middle fingers weren’t touching his hair – and was advancing towards his face with the other.
“It suits you, John,” Harry said.
“Mycroft – ” another click, and the line went dead.
cells?”
“I didn’t even know you could inject cocaine. Thought you snorted it. Not - not you specifically. One. I thought one snorted it.”
“I can imagine. First year at Saint Bart's, is it?”
And, strangely, against all odds, Sherlock was increasingly at his side.
The next few days passed in a whirlwind, Sherlock focussed entirely on their one singular goal, John trying to help as best he could. Numerous lessons ended without John having written more than a couple of words, instead spending his time typing away on his phone under his desk - messaging Sherlock, searching online second-hand marketplaces, trying to find a way to ask Nadia if he could speak to her brother again. All the time, though, his mind kept returning to Richie’s small, scared voice in his ear. His thoughts would wander, he would stare out of classroom windows, running the events of that night over and over, until a teacher would call him back and he would find his lip bleeding from where he’d worried it with his teeth.
“Yes.” John gave him a look. Sherlock sighed. “I may have insinuated that he is cheating on his girlfriend with a girl named Sally Donovan, which made him particularly aggressive for some reason - ow!”
“I’m not going into town, John.”
“‘Seeing as you can take your test in a year, I thought now would be a good time to start to teach you to drive.’
The roads back to Doyle were empty save a few gardeners and teachers with a free period – and as he scanned each face, he realised he was looking for something, someone.
“Oh, yes, but you aren’t having them, my dear,” she smiled at him. “Those papers are mine. They’re a part of my aegis, you see. My protection. Not everyone likes the idea of sixteen year old girls sleeping with, well, anyone, let alone the people I have. So I
“You’ve met him; how many friends do you expect he has? No, I am the closest thing to a friend that Sherlock has.”
“Oh.” John stopped smiling for a split second and swallowed, before instantly brightening again. “Now you’re getting nosy. See if you can get it, if you’re such a mind-reader, but if not, I’ll tell you some other time.”
– he focused on the pounding of his feet against the concrete, the feeling of the wind pushing against him, the flapping of his blazer behind him, remembered Sherlock’s grip on his arm that night, that night so long ago –
– he had said he might go for a walk. John had shifted uncomfortably, wanting to ask for more detail but not knowing how, until he gave up and went to find his boots.
“She isn’t as smart as she thinks she is, but she is smart. Never say never, John.”
to be?”
Five minutes later, he had twenty four unread texts and decided that he would rather not have Mycroft ‘send someone to find him’ as he had threatened. So he left the papers on the bench – all the news stories were about PDS anyway, no crime of interest to speak of – and traipsed back home.
Sherlock’s phone rang, and he answered it with the sigh that meant ‘Mycroft’. “I’m on my way to the station. No. No! Jesus Christ, Mycroft, you know full well – do you think I care?” Sherlock hung up, then saw John was looking at him. “What?”
“I don’t know why I even have to be there,” Sherlock complained from off screen. “I know it, they know I do. I don’t see what the logic is in practising when I
“Oh, yeah, no, we – we weren’t even together in the first place, really, but we broke up a few days ago.”
“No,” John said. He had had inklings, little things he’d said about girls, the way he used to look at him, the way the air would feel between them sometimes – but something in him had told him to ignore himself. So he had, probably beyond the point of reason. The thought hit him that maybe he had actually been trying to ignore himself, but he pushed that thought away.
“Who even are you? This is none of your business.”
“I don’t know, honey, why?”
“You were thinking. It was annoying.”
,he thought, and launched himself in the direction of the branch, trying not to think about the air rushing beneath him, and latched onto it, not caring how undignified he looked, with both arms and one leg hugging the swaying branch tight.
The walk back to Doyle was calming. Very few things, Sherlock had found, were calming to him. His own thoughts scratched and scraped at the inside of his skull, the blood too loud in his ears, making restful sleep fundamentally impossible and something even a semblance of waking rest even more so. However, ever since he was a child, the soft sound of his bare feet against the ground, the small noises of the night, the blank blackness of the sky, had distracted him from the futility and abhorrence of his own existence.
He breathed out. Sherlock had to know. John swallowed and braced himself. Sherlock had to know
“No,” John replied, sighing. “I think I passed out for a few seconds after I hit my head – I felt someone slam into me, and the next thing I knew, I was lying on my back with all these people looking down at me.”
“Yes, you are. Good afternoon.” Sherlock made to turn and leave with John in tow, but John caught his arm and spun him around.
John slept stretched out. That was something Sherlock had observed about him. For someone so small, he liked to take up as much room length-ways as he could in a bed. Like a cat in a patch of sun.
“Next
“Getting you to listen to me.” John said, dropping his hand. “It’s about the Angelica thing. I think we might have something similar on our hands…”
“Er, no clubs, as such, yet. I am in the rugby team though, the first team, actually. Also, we have to do an activity on Tuesday afternoons so I joined the army section of the Combined Cadet Force.”
As the NCOs made various tweaks to their respective platoons, John risked a glance over his shoulder to where Sherlock had told him he would be observing from, a conveniently leafy oak around ten metres from the car park that the school used as a parade ground once a week, directly behind the students.
“What is it?” he asked.
“Okay, everyone,” Eddie began, swallowing. “Thanks for being here. We’ve only got just over two weeks until we’re performing this in front of the school, so we’ve got a lot of work to do. Hopefully you’ve all heard the song by now, so you should have some idea of what we should all sound like, but, uh…”
Sherlock pulled out his phone. “Like…” he tapped and scrolled and tapped some more, finally holding it out so John could see the screen, “… this.”
“So. Obviously, you two being the only two who ran, one of you got head of house and one of you got deputy. Do you want to know which of you got which?”
Twenty eight.
“What the fuck do you want?”
“Sherlock, what the hell are you doing?” John had a hand on his chest, and had moved in front of Sarah slightly.
“How long has your mother been gone?” Sherlock asked.
By the time it was at the end of the fourth round and John was collecting responses for the card ‘
“You want to know what I think?” Glen said, turning to John.
John’s vision was mainly occupied by the inch of skin between Sherlock’s scarf and the curls at the base of his head. He didn’t realise how close they’d got until the train shuddered to a halt at their stop and braked a little too hard, catching John off-guard and causing him to stumble into Sherlock, who steadied him with a hand. John quashed his embarrassment as they disembarked and followed the crowd up to the street.
Sherlock sat on the ledge of the row of sinks while John rubbed at his knuckles, which were beginning to bruise.
Maybe John had done the wrong thing. He started to feel overwhelmingly guilty.
“What the fuck?” he asked.
“Mum and Harry were very impressed with your violin,” John said, closing the laptop and handing it back to his friend, who had his face stuck to a microscope and waved a hand to communicate ‘
The darkness was claustrophobic, the air felt too thin. There was a boa constrictor around his chest and a knife in his shoulder. He was choking.
“What am I looking at here?” he asked.
“Some time in May, I woke up at about six thirty in the morning with a fever. I knew that I needed to get to the san, so I forced Ollie to wake up and we let ourselves out of the house and began very slowly to make my our over there. While I was concentrating on not passing out on the road, I heard the sound of a violin coming from the house. We looked up, and there was Sherlock, sitting with his back to us on the fucking roof, playing this beautiful piece on a violin. Nobody had known that he could play, and if I wasn’t feeling so crappy, I would have stayed and heard it out. It was the saddest thing I’ve ever heard, John, I swear.
“Sherlock,” he began.
Hi again!
Sherlock splashed him back, and John had to retaliate, but he soon realised who had the upper hand when Sherlock dived at him and pushed him under water.
“Consulting Detective,” Sherlock corrected absent-mindedly, as he paused the recording and spun around to lean backwards against his desk, hands to his lips in that praying way of his. “I don’t have one yet.” He was distracted momentarily by John checking his phone, once, twice, thrice –
“Oh,” Sherlock said, turning and jogging back to the pile of woggles. He picked up his gun and, after a moment, the vest, before returning to John.
He moved to John’s desk and pulled out the drawers, rummaging through each one. John pulled the jacket on and shoved his feet into the shoes.
“Ah,” said Molly, hugging her diary to her. “Okay. Well - if he changes his mind, could you tell him… actually, never mind,” she said, looking down and making to leave. John swore he saw her flush slightly pink.
There was a buzzing coming from one of the lights above him. It was flickering slightly. The buzzing was deafening. The lights were dazzling, he could feel their heat, prickling on his skin. He could feel a sweat break out against his collar. His tongue felt huge in his sandpaper-dry mouth, like a dead slug, useless. In his clenched fists were woodlice, making his palms itch and tingle.
John seemed drawn to it by some sort of variant on gravity, and so Sherlock found himself also approaching the stall. The owner barely looked at them, as there were a couple of other customers already being served.
, John thought to himself; the school was huge and sprawled lazily across the rolling countryside.
“How’ve things been here?” asked John.
After a moment, John said, “Right: I’ll take the front legs, Sherlock the hind, and Anderson could you support the middle?”
, despite John having told him not to play at all.
His heart leapt.
“Envisioned?” John tried to read through the layers and layers Sherlock was parcelling his words in. “Sherlock, we’d still be friends. Even if I had to go somewhere far away after uni, I wouldn’t - couldn’t - forget about you.”
“I’m not tired,” Sherlock lied.
“He’s precious,” Irene turned to Sherlock. “Not what I’d expected, though.”
“Did he ever – ”
’, “Lestrade’s first name is Greg.”
“It shows you’re a team player, you utter arse.”
“Yes,” he sighed. “In the south of France.”
“Listen, if you really don’t want to do this – “
The classroom stilled.
Five minutes later, Harry had slammed her bedroom door after her begs for
“Oh, right,” John replied.
“Don’t think that simply because you share living quarters with me that you have some divine right to intrude on my personal life,” Sherlock said, each consonant sharp, each vowel a stab wound. “Because you don’t.”
He went to the cupboard in which he’d kept his other journals. He lifted the panel of wood that hid it and smiled when he saw the notebooks as he’d left them. He reached in, pulling one out.
“Vegetables have no concept of gender, John.”
“Okay,” John said, positioning himself. “On the count of three? Percy, can you hold open the door to Mr Bradstreet’s house? We’ll put him in there.”
“Pumpkin?”
I also just wanna say thanks for reading thus far - it always blows my mind that even weeks after having updated, I can check this fic from one day to the next and the hit count will have gone up. Where all you new readers are coming from I don't know, but what I do know is that you're all brilliant.
“Keep in touch, Harry, yeah?”
“…are you?” the driver finished, what seemed like several minutes later, shaking John out of his thoughts again.
“Of course I’ve tried apologising, I’m not stupid,” Anderson said.
“You can’t have ‘not really’; yes or no?”
John didn’t reply. Seeing him standing there, in nothing but swimming trunks, in the light of day, in front of half of the school, was so different to seeing him in nothing but swimming trunks in the half light of midnight when it was just the two of them and the water. He looked like a different person. Confident. Focused. Proud.
Quite a bit more shouting later, the parade relaxed into standing easy, and awaited instruction. John took this moment of rest to talk to Lottie.
“Oh, god, I remember the first actual fist fight he had with one of us,” Mike groaned, shaking his head. “It was about three weeks in, maybe a bit less. It was a Sunday night, and we hadn’t seen him all day. Curfew came and went, then bedtime, then lights out, and he was still out god knows where. We didn’t say anything to Lestrade because he’d done this before, but never so late as this. So we went to sleep, pretty confident that he’d be back by morning.
John instructed him to kneel on the floor by the shower and bend his head forward. Sherlock heard the hiss of the shower being turned on, heard John adjust the temperature. Then warmth, water trickling through his hair.
When his stop (or the one Sherlock had texted him) approached, John stood up, put his backpack on, and pushed his way through the crowd of men.
“What are you doing?” John asked, shutting them behind her. “Are you drunk or something?”
A couple of nights later, John was making dinner for his family when he heard the front door open. But his mother’s voice wasn’t the only one coming into the house; a man’s voice, deeper, joined hers.
Lestrade’s other eyebrow joined its raised partner. “That’s ‘sir’ to you, Holmes.”
Sherlock blinked. “With a knight? No.”
That last one was John’s, and it took a second to work out that ‘got with’ meant kiss, or whatever trendier term was currently in circulation, and that took Sherlock by surprise a little. He listened to the explanation, and was even more surprised to hear about Jeannette – surprised that he hadn’t noticed. He supposed John hadn’t wanted Sherlock knowing, so he’d been sure to wipe his mouth of all lipstick before he’d come into contact with Sherlock again afterwards. He felt strange. John had hidden something from him, and it made him itch.
“Eddie ambushed me as I was coming up the stairs. I said I refused. He said that that was not going to happen. I told him that he might want to invest in a better nail varnish remover. His ears went quite red. I walked away. And here we are.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but John could see the smallest of smiles on his lips.
but he didn’t know what he was sorry about. Sherlock looked at him.
“Er.” John went over to the sink, where assorted knives, forks and spoons lay on the draining board. He held up a teaspoon to the light, rubbed it a little with the hem of his shirt, and gave it to Sherlock.
“No, Sherlock, listen. That song was the best present I have ever – and probably
When John returned to stand next to him, Sherlock let himself smile at his friend.
“Just saying what a terrible roommate you are,” John said.
“Thank you, Sherlock. Sweet dreams to both of you when you get there,” she said, the boys returning the sentiment before she stepped away.
you expect?”
Sherlock shifted a little. “It was nothing.”
Angelica was sitting up in her bed, laughing weakly, while Sherlock was sitting on one of the beds opposite, one leg crossed neatly over the other, a barely-detectable smile lingering on his mouth.
The two boys floated in peace for a minute, John getting his breath back.
One minute nine.
“In a good way?”
“You know when I was trying to get you to smile earlier?”
They started walking.
“No, he went out a while ago. I don’t know where.”
“Really?” he replied without thinking.
“No.”
“Shhh,” John hissed, eyes flicking to the open door, heat flushing his face. He could barely look at Mike, who was all but bouncing up and down next to him.
“What’s that?”
John seethed, but Sherlock was walking away in the direction of Doyle, so John had no choice but to follow.
“Vaguely,” Sherlock replied.
,” Sherlock imitated, ostensibly not fussed by the change in weather.
“God, you’ve got huge feet,” John noted. “They make mine look like teeny-tiny little mouse paws.”
“Now, boys, we didn’t win, but – ” Lestrade began, interrupted by noises of upset from the boys. Sherlock watched John for a reaction, but his friend’s expression was neutral. Lestrade shushed the house. “Let me finish. We didn’t win, Green did,
The brothers changed into their pyjamas in the bedroom, while Sherlock and John took turns in the ensuite bathroom. Once they were all ready, all four of them crowded around the sink to brush their teeth, and John had to lift little Louis up so he could reach.
The next number was
“Whatever,” John dismissed. “After
“It’s from the NHS, John.”
John laughed. “A good idea? Brilliant? A stroke of genius?”
The statements continued.
Then, John heard Sherlock breathe an “Oh, no,” under his breath, and he turned to the entrance of the room to see Mycroft walking leisurely towards them.
“How’s your head - did they hit you? Do you feel concussed? Can you remember - ?”
“You were distraught when he – when he went, yes? I know you; I know you must have been.”
John tried to word his next sentence as sensitively as possible. “Do you remember Redbeard?”
“You see, John?” Mrs Watson said. “Sherlock knows his manners.”
“I’m not.”
“Did you se- ?” Claus asked.
He saw Sherlock take a breath, put the bow to the strings and play. Just as beautifully as John had ever heard him. John felt himself relax. Eric strummed on the bass and Eddie chimed in with the piano and they were off.
Sherlock’s car followed their taxi out of the school gates and through the village, slipping into the lane next to them at a roundabout as the traffic slowed to a crawl. John tried to see through the tinted windows but it was like trying to see through a brick wall.
Sherlock seemed to consider this. “Those can easily be written over,” he said finally, as they climbed the short flight of steps to the door.
“I looked over at dad and grinned, and my god did he grin back. And then everything slowed down.
Unpacking didn’t take him long; John had resolved to travel as light as he could, and he didn’t have all that many possessions anyway. When he was done, he climbed back onto his bed and sat with his back against the wall and observed his new home with resignation.
Sherlock turned on his heels and strode away into the night, leaving John with his mouth agape. He turned to Sarah, who had her arms folded.
“Sherlock?”
, he wanted to gasp,
“It’s lovely to finally meet you, Viola,” he said politely, smiling at her. She returned the gesture, and John found himself not liking her teeth. They seemed a little too pointy, almost predatory.
“I found myself in the attic. I hadn't even known Doyle had an attic before. It's up in the gables of the house, and the ceiling is slanted, so I had to crouch in most places. It was early evening, and the sun came in through the windows and made the dust dance in the stale air. The walls are crumbling, you can see hundreds of years' worth of wood, plaster, brick. The floor is super uneven and I was afraid to move in case the rotting floorboards broke underneath me. It looked like it had been abandoned for a very long time. I doubt anyone besides Sherlock and I had been in there in half a century.
“What-” John began, but got no further, as Sherlock put a finger to his lips and ran. John rolled his eyes and followed suit.
John said something, another apology, but his mind was racing. Just then, the bell rang, and the next thing John knew, he was walking through the doors of the science block. He walked up to his biology classroom and cast a glance inside - Sherlock wasn’t there yet, so he oscillated outside, tapping his fingers anxiously against his folder.
“I’m fine, I just need to stay horizontal for a bit,” John interrupted. “Tell Mr Hay I’m sorry.”
“What’s wrong?” John asked.
“Oh, same as always. It’s been strange without you, though, Johnny – hasn’t it, Harry?” Harry hummed an agreement into her mug.
“Why are you being so nice to Angelo?” John asked him as they walked back to house. “I thought you hated his guts.”
“I’ll get it,” Harry shouted, she and Clara coming into view as they walked down the corridor.
“John!”
The first half had been rough. They had had to stop play for injury twice and had to make substitutions every ten minutes due to the sheer level of intensity. They had had a collective heart attack as their captain, God Staunton, had gone down particularly hard under a Boscombe player and a boot narrowly missed his face, and John had watched Angelo as he’d frozen in his tracks. John himself had lain pretty low, keeping his head down and making space for the rest of his team to do their thing. But he had a feeling that Boscombe was going to come back after half time with fire in their bellies, and he knew that that would mean Bart’s would have to do the same. And looking at the boys around him, exhausted and bruised, he knew they would need a miracle.
“Nope,” John said. “I know – all sounds a bit far-fetched, doesn’t it?”
He looked back to Sherlock. “Are you good at the violin?” he asked.
“And the pins?”
“What does the army mean to you,” John dared, “that you would do that for me?”
“I don’t think I’ve ever been in here before,” John mused, looking around. It was filled with books and stacks of paper, an ancient computer sitting on a desk so cluttered John was having trouble imagining Lestrade actually using it.
John sighed. “Sorry, sir. Yes, sir.” As the doctor walked back to his office, John grabbed the pile of papers and got up, making his way to the wall of cabinets that lined the back wall of the room.
“This is your bit,” he said as everyone stopped singing.
He somehow managed to get Sherlock into his own bed. John arranged his thin limbs into the recovery position, just in case, and draped the duvet over him.
“Rice and that Mexican chili,” she recounted, and John flicked a glance to Sherlock, but his roommate didn’t even so much as notice. “And jelly for pudding,”
way she’d bite into that toddler’s face?”
He watched him for a few more long minutes. He could almost see the energy coursing through him, like his veins were cables thrumming with voltage.
“Sherlock, I don’t want any doubt involved in this, not today,” John warned.
He turned his attention back to the world beyond the window and closed his eyes. The red glow of his eyelids was a blank canvas splashed with memories, some recent, some fading, some barely there at all.
As soon as the screen lit up with Sherlock’s name, John answered.
“And did he?”
John sighed. He could certainly see why other boys before him had complained about being roomed with this moody creature, but John himself wasn’t inclined to request to move just yet. He didn’t mind quiet; he was grateful, in fact, that he hadn’t been assigned to a boy who chattered aimlessly and relentlessly about the first thing that popped into his vacant head. He'd had enough of that with his old friends. And he staunchly did not think about the fact that he just thought of the friends he'd known since he could barely read as 'old'. Perhaps not having a relationship with his roommate would be good for his work ethic.
“You know why, Harry. Don’t be a bitch.”
Mike was looking up at him. He freed John’s ankle and mimed peeling a plaster off his arm. John pursed his lips and continued walking.
“…education until the age of eighteen, until which time the government will aid you with finding appropriate employment.”
“Sherlock, what are you doing?” he hissed.
“Bit late, don’t you think?” John wondered aloud, checking his watch. He and Sherlock went to the door anyway, residual laughter painted across their faces.
As he took the contact lenses out, he thought about leaving. He couldn’t spend the rest of his…
“Clara?” he whispered. “Clara, it’s John. Wake up,”
“So you’re really just gonna sit here alone all night while the whole school goes to the ball?”
“You will,” Sherlock said, turning back to the microscope on his desk.
“Mhm.” And then he was gone.
“Every doctor needs a lab coat,” Harry smiled.
John simply shook his head, still shaking and sobbing silently.
“Like, light and dark,” John explained distractedly as Sherlock began to move towards the stairs. “Look, I’ll see you later, yeah?”
“A car can’t run without petrol.”
Sherlock was sitting at the piano, playing things he remembered from the few lessons he had endured before having a tantrum and refusing to return. He had been eight and wanting to imitate his older brother, who didn’t even look at the keys he pressed to produce the beautiful music that brought such pride to his parents.
“Uh… thanks?” John said, and suddenly there was a rush of movement next to him and he turned to see Nadia gripping Sherlock in a tight hug. The cheering started up again, giving John cover to mouth to his friend, ‘
The holiday hadn’t been all that long, just a couple of weeks, so he hadn’t taken very much home. A few books returned to their shelves, clothes filled his wardrobe again, shoes tucked neatly under his desk.
Sherlock frowned and turned back to the game. The Boscombe players had retreated to the goal line they were defending, and St Bart’s had gathered together in a bunch, seemingly negotiating something.
“Yeah, and Jeannette,” John said.
John was distracted from the slightly sour turn the conversation had taken by his phone buzzing again.
“It makes everything… so clear.”
“This girl called Mary Morstan from my old school,” John replied.
“Obviously, we had no idea where Sherlock spent his time if it wasn’t the dorm – when he wasn’t in lessons, he seemed to vanish off the face of the earth. We would have presumed that he spent his days visiting friends in other houses, except, well. It was Sherlock. He doesn't have any friends.
[in which John spends half his life feeding Sherlock]
“How am I supposed to know?”
The old building was filled with people, and they all looked like they knew what they were doing. Even their laughter sounded confident. Harry brushed her hands down her front, trying to smooth out wrinkles she knew weren’t there. She glanced at her mother, who wasn’t much taller than her now.
He was considering the viability of various oral methods when John returned.
*old-timey newspaper seller voice* Extra! Extra! Click all about it! Art of this chapter here!
“Violin.”
“You ready for house swimming?”
As Sherlock finished the piece with his usual flourish, the crowd applauded, a couple of the kids whooping. Mrs Hudson shouted for an encore, and Lestrade laughed and joined in, and soon enough the rest of the audience was in agreement.
He could see for miles, the horizon stretching away in the distance, dappled with forests and villages and fields and fields and fields of snow. The houses in the village, into which the road they were standing on dropped, looked from this distance as if they’d been dusted with icing sugar, their chimneys puffing out white smoke that lingered in the frosty air. A farm could be seen just over there, and there – a river.
, he wanted to say, but then John would get annoyed with him. It didn’t matter of course, but John’s co-operation was preferable nonetheless.
“I’m glad nothing happened, obviously,” Sherlock would say. “But…”
The vicar chose that morning to give a sermon on forgiveness, and John nearly laughed aloud at the irony.
“What are you – ”
As the door swung shut, Sherlock raised a middle finger to it, causing John to burst into laughter.
The night was thick. The summer was being forecast to be early, hot and long.
Sherlock won the game three moves later. John threw his king at him and called him every bad name Sherlock knew and then some he didn't.
John frowned. “Who’s David?”
“Mm,” Sherlock replied vaguely as he drank.
“Well, his hips definitely do not lie,” Mike commented, and John didn’t have a response to that. The boys in the front row had obviously been chosen for another reason than their dance skills (which were being shown off spectacularly as their hips swayed to and fro); the same reason that they were the only boys in the house to be topless and that he could barely hear the music under the screams of the girls. He couldn’t really blame them – the contrast between the silver glinting of the sequins and the darkness of Jamie’s skin as it moved over his muscles was so –
“You’re not still hung up on Mary, are you?”
Sherlock huffed. “As if we could,” he muttered to John as the two began climbing the stairs.
And Sherlock nearly answered –
January, missed two meetings without explanation – ”
Mycroft turned around. “Then go to your room.”
“The very same.”
“Mhmm.”
Sherlock turned off the Bunsen burner and lay down his tools. He turned in his seat and extended his hand towards John. John gave him the paper and watched Sherlock read the piece. When he finished, he closed the paper and gave it back to John. His expression was entirely blank.
(put CC on for lyrics)
“Now I’m the odd one out in the family,” John joked. “Everyone else is spoken for.”
“I thought I felt – ” John began, before feeling it again. A snowflake, landing this time on his cheek. “Oh my god, it’s snowing!”
“Piss off,” Sherlock mumbled half-heartedly around a mouthful of bread.
“Yeah,” John breathed, still out of breath. “He was blond, young-ish. Never saw him up close.”
“Cut off a hangnail.”
“Don’t be such a pessimist, Sherlock!” John exclaimed.
“He’s old, Sherlock. He doesn’t have the energy to protest anymore.”
“Yes, but why would anyone want a necklace so resplendently ugly?” Sherlock said impatiently.
“You know what I mean,” John sighed, then stopped in his tracks.
John and Sherlock did not exchange another word until the coach began moving and the chatter of the other kids had reached a sufficient level for them not to be overheard.
“Oh.”
“Go for the second shade of red,” Sherlock replied.
Sherlock sighed. “We’re not getting anywhere,” he said, voice thick and hoarse.
“First physio appointment,”
“Fresh air,” John said happily as he stretched, Sherlock clambering down off the coach behind him.
“Not long now, son.” The voice of the driver reached into John’s head and heaved him out into the taxi; he was so deep that it took him a couple of moments to register that he had been spoken to.
He opened his eyes. A few inches in front of him, an arm dangled limply from the bed. Sherlock’s skin was alabaster-pale in the weak morning light. John stretched where he lay, and pushed the duvet off himself. After a pause, he stood up, looking down at the boy in his bed.
“I thought it was pretty good, for a first go,” John replied. “And you didn’t try to stab anyone with your bow, so that alone makes it a success.”
“Sherlock?” John mumbled quietly, rubbing a hand over his eyes. He turned his head to his left and upon seeing an absence of the lump made by Sherlock’s legs, repeated Sherlock’s name, sounding more awake, voice laced with concern.
John felt his annoyance dissolve instantly, confusion taking its place. “What?”
Molly, Jamie and John leaned in. The cupboard was stuffed to the roof with bottles of pills, syrups, tinctures, everything and anything. Most of the names printed on the labels John couldn’t even pronounce in his head, let alone guess at what they did or what they treated.
That was all behind him now. That was what he tried to tell himself.
, but you know what I mean. Those cases are dead and gone now. Don’t work yourself up over them. You did good with those two,”
As the car moved away, Sherlock watched Mycroft and Viola turn and go back inside, shutting the door behind them.
The sun was rising, the sky sliding from a delicate lilac to the disappointing blankness of the September day. Sherlock was lying on his bed, on top of the duvet, eyes open, studying the ceiling. He was already fully clothed in his school uniform.
He followed Sherlock upstairs, but was too slow – as he reached the beginning of Sherlock’s corridor, the boy was coming out of his room, violin and bow in hand.
“Just go to sleep, Harry. I’ll tell her you and Clara had a fight or something so you went to bed early. Okay?”
John spun on his heels and walked away, hearing Sarah jog to catch up.
“Isn’t it just,” John agreed, laughing. “I thought our little dance yesterday was nice. You’re a good dancer.”
Sherlock shot him a look. John laughed.
“I can’t believe this,” John commented to Eric. “If a teacher at my old school gave you alcohol, they’d be fired straight up.”
“Maybe that wasn’t such a good idea,” John said.
Green-blue.
The main square was stuffed to brimming with market stalls, their owners either shivering behind them or happily engaging the rosy-cheeked customers bustling from awning to awning.
“About a week before the first half term holiday, everyone had reached the end of their tethers. Sherlock was refusing to cooperate with our requests for him to either stop his gross experiments or take them elsewhere. Not only that, but he was being more rude and detached than usual, and everyone had cabin fever anyway - as I said, dark clouds gathering.
?” John choked, but he knew the answer.
“I agree. He should go to the san,” the man said, and –
“I – ”
“Why did you do it?”
“You were going to hit the side,” Sherlock said. “And you somehow managed to swim diagonally, but that was definitely a front crawl – or something like it, anyway,”
The phone in John’s hand vibrated, and John felt his heart skip a beat.
“Yeah, pretty much,” John replied, putting his phone back in his pocket and returning his attention to the pasta.
“It’s true." Mike said, then lowered his voice to a whisper. "That’s one of the reasons why he was so difficult to find a roommate for." John's concern at that statement must have been visible on his face, because Mike's expression also fell. "Ah. You didn't know that. It's no biggie - "
“Don’t worry, I get it a lot - forgettable face, apparently.” Seb smiled.
“Sherlock says it’s like a private detective, but not,” John explained for him.
The room was dipped in darkness, the sun having set long ago, leaving the sky outside the window a dark but intense blue.
They sat in silence for a moment before John’s phone buzzed. As he unlocked it, he felt Sherlock peer over his shoulder to read the message. He could hear him breathe. And hear him make a noise of frustration at the content of Anderson’s message.
“Any more thoughts on your plans for this afternoon?” John asked Sherlock while he was changing.
“His belt?” John giggled, and Sherlock realised John wasn’t exactly sober either. “Where’s the rest of him?”
He nudged Mike, who followed his questioning gaze.
John began to type a text back, but couldn’t put his thoughts into an order, so he got up and phoned him instead, walking through his house to stand on the back step.
“An interested party.”
Once outside, John slumped against the wall, and let out a breath he didn’t know he’d been holding in. Who the hell was that man? And the girl, Anthea? She had been wearing the school uniform but she couldn’t have been a student. He should report this to a teacher. But something told John that if he did, it would have no effect whatsoever on the man. He gave the impression of being above any kinds of law, and judging by his appearance, could easily bribe his way out of prison.
“Not sure,” Sherlock replied, turning around to face John, who had his hands in his pockets and was leaning against the doorjamb.
, who says that?” He laughed again, remembering. It had been the night before the Turner case had erupted, and they had been brushing their teeth, and John had laughed into his toothpaste. He remembered Sherlock’s face, mildly annoyed but also a little surprised, for whatever reason. “He’s a bit melodramatic.”
“French, economics and geography,” she said, still not looking at him.
“Your face isn’t in the piece at all so it makes no difference!” John replied, holding the phone back up. “Smile!”
Sherlock barely heard the sympathetic ‘ooh’ of the crowd. In a split second his view of John was obscured by boys from both teams. There was a tussle until one of them ran off, ball in hand, and the rest followed. But John remained lying on the floor. Angelo ran past, and Sherlock watched as his steps faltered as he did a double take of the boy who looked like he’d been dropped from a great height. Then, and Sherlock felt his eyes widening, he doubled back and crouched at John’s side.
“I can already play it.”
Sherlock sighed. “The only balls I am even remotely interested in attending require at least two years’ ballroom dancing training. You go, have fun. I will pass, as you’d say. Just promise not to vomit in our room.”
“I’m sorry for not giving you a better welcome home, Johnny - I must have fallen asleep after lunch. You should have woken me up, Harry.”
John rolled his eyes. “You don’t need to be with them, Sherlock, but they need to be with you. You’re by far the best musician there, but don’t tell them I said that.” There was a pause before John turned back to the screen with exasperated amusement in his eyes. “He’s like a toddler.”
Silence fell. All the heads in the room turned to stare at Sherlock, who clamped a hand over his nose and mouth.
“Pretty much.”
He re-folded the paper and slid it across the table to John. He heard John open the message, read it, and snort, and Sherlock bit his lip to keep a smile at bay.
“Oh, yes – sorry.”
“Fuck
Fire on his tongue, chemicals, bleach, and Sherlock felt himself spit.
The smell of another’s skin.
, Claus!”
For a moment, Sherlock thought he was referring to his physical proximity (if Sherlock blew as if trying to extinguish a candle, John’s hair would have lifted off his forehead) and answered before realising his mistake.
Darkness was falling. The attic was long and pitch black, the creaks of the house and the clunks of the boiler seeming to come from everywhere at once.
“How do I know what?”
“I don’t think you’ll be returning.”
“Mum, I’ve got to go!”
“It’s early days.”
Sherlock knew what they were going to say to him, so he put on his most innocent expression and walked over to them.
Sherlock picked up his cutlery and began to twirl his fork in the pasta. He and John had had that argument so many times it was beginning to become tedious, predictable, even. But it was still necessary.
“Yeah… why?” Sherlock looked as if a great idea had struck him.
John sat up and watched him for a moment. “Will you teach me something?”
“See, Glen,” he said. “You’re not a minority.”
He turned off the lamp and extricated his phone, smiling as he read through the messages from the previous night. They’d been discussing their GCSEs, and the conversation had turned to English Literature, which, John had learnt, they’d both taken.
They turned into a large kitchen and Sherlock went to a cupboard. John took this opportunity to marvel at the scale of the room – it looked like the kitchens John had seen on school trips to local stately homes when he was younger; equipped to feed dozens of people at once, hooks on the wall for meat (now decorative, he hoped), a gigantic table in the middle that looked as if it was as old as the house itself, a door open to reveal a pantry as big as John’s bedroom, flagstone floor that made Sherlock’s footsteps echo as he came back over to John, a vase in his hands.
“He gave it to me!” she said, jabbing her chin in God’s direction. “And he can have it back, for all I care.”
, John, hurry up!”
“That throws a lot of light on a lot of things.”
seeing people upset, or angry, or embarrassed. That’s why he does it. He gets off on it. And the more people hate him, the more he gets off. It’s some extreme superiority complex and it’s weird. If that isn’t a psychopath in the making, I don’t know what is.”
First, however, he bypassed into their room, picking up Sherlock’s violin and bow and, after doubling back, a block of rosin (
Sherlock froze.
Sherlock was rather out of breath himself, and he made a mental note to focus more on prolonged sprints rather than stamina the next time he went swimming. He hadn’t counted on John being so fast, and had spent most of the aforementioned one hundred and eighteen seconds trying to remain level with his short roommate. Sherlock wiped the few remaining rain droplets from the canvas and gave it to John.
What was different about this case? Why could he not see even a glimmer of a shadow of a dust mote of a lead? Why?
“I was wondering how many nights Sherlock had spent standing where I was, looking out at the horizon as the sun set, when I noticed the foot. I’ll be honest: my heart stopped. It was sticking out from behind a parapet. I scrambled out of the window and ran over to it. And sure enough, attached to the foot was Sherlock.
“About your father.”
“So, someone injected something into their bloodstream which killed them,” John said.
“Seventeen days until we’re out of this hell-hole,” he mused aloud, breaking the moment of whispers, and John knew that a secret now rested in their hands: they knew, but Mycroft didn’t know that they knew. They had the upper hand.
“Should we not call the police? Or at least a teacher?”
“He’s been what, Sherlock?” he said softly. Sherlock opened his mouth but nothing came out. “Sherlock. What’s Dave been? Answer me.”
“Ollie?” Mike said, aghast. “You’re, like, the biggest virgin here, what the fuck?”
Lestrade opened the door just as Sherlock finished his sentence. “Holmes, my study, please. Now.”
“How’re you feeling?”
Before John could reply, the whistle blew for everyone to get back on their feet. Mike jogged away and John didn’t have the time nor energy to speak to him again.
John, in order to change the subject, properly took in the pumpkin, the carving now completed.
“I’m not, miss,” he repeated.
“Mm,” Sherlock said vaguely before grabbing his towel and sweeping out of the room.
“John. Lovely to see you again.” Mycroft greeted him when they reached the bottom of the stairs.
“You cannot let that happen.”
Sherlock spluttered a giggle. “We’d have to make the products.”
“All I’m saying is, two days ago, you were prancing about stuffing your face with mince pies, like the cat who got the cream - but since last night, you’ve just been sat at your desk getting more and more agitated with whatever the hell it is you’re doing, and you’ve been even more cold to everyone than you usually are. So what's up?"
His sister had posted a photo with Clara on Facebook, her hair even shorter than John’s now; Nadia Gazi had sent him a friend request. And
“I know,” he said, as if it was the dullest thing in the world. Which, to him, it probably was. John had noticed that his friend often had that effect on others of all ages, despite his youth, and it was no great stretch of the imagination to see why. If John didn’t know Sherlock and saw him in a crowd, he knew that his strange face would linger in his memory.
“What’s his pulse like?”
“I won’t.”
Sherlock smiled in that way he sometimes did when John complimented him, like he wasn’t sure if it had really happened or not, and whether he should allow himself to be pleased by it.
“John.”
“Who?” Sherlock felt mildly disconcerted, as if he was missing something.
“You fucking eavesdropped, didn’t you?”
“Half past.” Sherlock corrected, leaning against the wall next to John.
“Just do it.”
“What is it?” John asked, rushing to his side.
friend, Sherlock, do pay attention.”
gesture. “Go and talk to the ones you do know. Everyone knows he’s missing now anyway, so you don’t have to be subtle.”
Sherlock’s eye was caught by John straightening up, face open in surprise as the radio static faded into an obnoxious song that he seemed to recognise.
“Shh!” Sherlock hissed. John strained to hear him. “I need to just – I can’t talk right now, I’ll call you back.”
“What does that mean? Appropriate?” Mrs Hudson asked, a mixture of worry and offense in her tone, at the same time as Sherlock tried to point out that he would never turn eighteen. Tom replied with platitudes and reassurances to them both, but Sherlock felt a weight within his chest, a sharp weight that lodged itself between his ribs. A weight like panic.
He hadn't been there. At least, he hadn’t been in the room.
Mike rolled his eyes. “Just rip the plaster off, mate. You never know, it might not hurt as much as you think it will. And even if it does, you’ll have the half term holiday to let… the wound… scab? My analogy is falling apart a bit here but you get my drift, right?”
“Alright then, Harry’s it is,” said Mrs Watson, revealing a small package wrapped in gaudy gold paper. It was soft and malleable in John’s hands, and he went through an overwrought charade of holding the paper up to his ear and shaking it, then sniffing it, then eyeing it from every which way, until Harry was bursting with anticipation.
John nodded. He couldn’t think of anything else to say. Well, he could. But he knew Sherlock wouldn’t want to discuss that. Her. Discuss her.
John tried and failed to make eye contact, eyes fluttering shut from the effort.
Boots, scarf, coat, and wallet later, he was out of the door and turning around almost immediately to get some gloves.
When there was no response, John tried slapping his face gently, then harder, but to no avail. John set to trying to undo the knots in the rope lashing the boy to the bed, trying to remember the rudimentary basics he remembered from CCF, but they were too tight and nothing he did appeared to have the slightest effect. He kept going until his fingers were rough from the friction, at which point he found the only sharp object in his vicinity – a pair of scissors – and tried sawing at the rope, but still nothing came of his efforts. He was on the verge of giving up when there were footsteps on the stairs and his heart stopped.
Soon enough, John caught a glimpse of Muhammad in a large group of boys, boisterous with pent-up energy after a day of lessons. He was laughing at something one of them had said when he caught John’s gaze, and John felt his heart sink at the way his expression fell.
“So, what now?” she asked Sherlock, who had gone back to looking at something on the floor. “And how did you know that the scuffs were from Muhammad?”
“Exactly, that’s the issue,” John said. “She might begin to suspect that if you don’t seize this opportunity to show off your relationship to the whole school, like any boyfriend worth his salt would.”
“How’s Clara?” John asked after a moment.
The weekend came and went uneventfully. On Saturday, John played his first match of the football season. They won easily, and John searched the sidelines for a long, black greatcoat, but to no avail. On Sunday, John overslept, Sherlock absent when he woke. He found him sitting on the bench beside Doyle’s front door when he and a few others left for church.
“To him wanting to fuck kids?”
“Apologise. It’s all true.”
Sherlock felt his face scrunch in confusion.
“Christ. Are you okay?”
“Unfortunately,” Sherlock said, “boys are the most stupid of all animals,”
He lowered his weight off his toes, feet flat on the floor.
“Where are you?”
The first night back home, he’d been lying on his back, staring at the ceiling, when he’d heard his door open.
-ing sound. John turned back to Charlie. “What.”
“It was about ten at night, so I flicked on the head lights and I watched the flies in them for a second. Then dad asked me if I was ready, and I said ‘Hell fucking yeah,’ and he didn’t tell me off for swearing because he never did, that was only mum.
“I’ve got an excuse, I’ve been running around for the last hour and a half,”
As he made his way down the length of the building, he passed fading hand-made posters that lined the walls, and his brain couldn’t help but provide a rapid commentary on each one as his eyes flickered over it.
A pause. “Yes.”
“From what I’ve heard, you have quite an affinity for them.”
John wasn’t a bad singer, Sherlock realised. He could hit the notes, and his voice was strong, but it lacked finesse, but Sherlock wouldn’t have changed it for the world as John turned to him and the two boys sang at each other.
“Morning,” Sherlock said, getting up and falling into step with him.
“I know it doesn’t,” Sherlock interrupted. Then, after a pause, “But today was not the first time. Well deduced.”
anything.” They’d been over that point many times, and John had grown very tired very quickly of it, and so, this time, ignored her and carried on.
He waited for a reply for five minutes before one came – which was unusual.
Anderson heaved a heavy sigh, digging in his blazer pocket for his phone. As he was tapping on the screen, John thought through the boy’s story again.
“John Watson? A sound for sore ears.” Mycroft sighed. “I truly apologise for my brother’s behaviour, turning up at your house uninvited, he really has no thought for anybody but himself – ”
,” John said, and then, when Sherlock gave him a look to say ‘
Mycroft ignored his brother. “So, are you enjoying the party?”
certain is that, contrary to popular belief, we aren’t sleeping together.”
“I can’t, mum, I’ve got a really big football m- ”
“No, you mustn’t. There is literally nothing more you can do about the case, you’ve worked yourself half to death.”
Sherlock stood upon the Watsons’ doorstep, a brown satchel slung over one shoulder. He looked momentarily startled to be greeted by two teenage girls, but his features instantly reformed into what John had named ‘The Greeting Face’, polite and unthreatening.
“Ready?” Sherlock said out of the corner of his mouth, lips barely moving. He was walking at the same pace that John was crawling and looked the very picture of tranquillity, hands casually in his pockets and surveying the area with disinterest.
“Okay,” he shifted through the papers on his desk until he found the pitifully empty sign-up list and a biro. “What does he play?”
Again, no answer.
“Death after twenty four hours, unconsciousness after twelve; that only applies if you’re, for example, hanging from your ankles or something like that.”
“Hello, dear,” she said, smiling at him warmly. Then, when John continued to stand there, “Well, get in, then!”
“You’ve said that, like, thirty times already, let’s go,” John tugged on Sherlock’s sleeve.
This waltz, John knew. He ducked his head, forehead on his knee now, as if to hide from someone the grin that had bloomed on his face. The song climbed and danced and spun to its climax, and John was embarrassed and overjoyed at once. As the last note glided to its conclusion, John managed to look up again, and felt heat burst in his chest. Sherlock had turned around. Sherlock was looking at him.
“Oh, shit,” Harry cursed. “You okay?”
The room was light. His skin was warm.
“Did – did he tell you?”
“We’ve got to be quiet.”
“Mmm, not bad,” Sherlock responded after a moment.
“This is fantastic,” John commented to Sherlock, who hummed vaguely in reply, reaching for a jug of orange juice.
John took his time walking back to Doyle, mind lost in the grey clouds above. When he opened the door of room twenty-one, he was surprised to see Sherlock sitting at his desk.
Except his brain was mostly refusing to co-operate, so his rationalisation of the way his stomach flipped every time he remembered dancing with John was –
, John,
Hastily, John filed the rest of the papers, then, Carl’s in hand, knocked on Dr. Smith’s door.
“No,” John said, thinking. “I saw one come through the door but I didn’t open it. What’d it say?”
“What’re you reading?” he asked in response, propping himself up on his elbows to better look at the thick book Sherlock had on his knee.
“Fine.” She raised her eyebrows. “No. Not fine. I feel… guilty - for being away, for leaving Harry, I should be at home, I should…” he trailed off into a sigh.
He withdrew the hand, tucking it beneath him.
“No. Not in the slightest.”
The text was from Sarah –
“Well, yes, I suppose, but it’s awfully cold, are you sure – ?”
John frowned. “We have these things called cars, nowadays, Sherlock.”
John looked at the photo again, then at Sherlock, and was that - ? Were those eyes… hopeful? Maybe even a little sad, he looked just like a – a – a puppy. Yes. A motherfucking puppy.
“Okay,” John said, and he was gone.
Sherlock did as he was instructed. John parted the thick tangles of Sherlock’s hair to reveal a bloody patch where some of the skin had been taken clean off, coating the brown waves with a sticky crimson gloss.
John and Mike were sitting on a see-saw, John relishing the feeling of the balmy spring air on his skin.
“I’ve got to go,” Seb said. “See you.”
She made deliberate eye contact with him and cocked her head.
But no.
John shook his head.
He turned around and made his way back to his room. His suitcase, half full, was lying open on his bed. He sighed and went to his wardrobe.
“Sherlock.”
kind of guy.
Sherlock’s hands and eyes were resting on the instrument in his lap. His eyebrows were creased together, his mouth was shut tight. He looked… in pain. Confused. Childlike. John had never seen him like that, so emotionally raw. It twisted something in his chest. Sherlock glanced up, saw John watching him, and instantly his features reset into a hard mask.
He sighed. “Alright. Out with it."
“Humans lose skin all the time, it’s nothing big. Did you know that every thirty minutes you lose – ”
They encountered Mrs Hudson in the hall, and Sherlock rushed to take one of the large trays she was carrying off her, and John took the other. They were laden with small morsels of food, and John couldn’t even tell what most of them were comprised of.
John, having found two adequate slices of bread, put them in the toaster and turned it on.
“That is complete and utter horseshit, Sherlock Holmes,” John laughed, punching in the code. “You’re going to be out like a light as soon as – ”
took its place.
Baynes cocked his gargantuan head to one side. “You’re digging yourself a hole, here, boy.”
(This fic got a mention on fytl! I'm not exaggerating when I say I screamed and ran around my house fist-pumping when I saw. I know I talk about fytl a lot, but they are a force for good for those who love this AU and it means a lot to be mentioned, even in passing. Okay bye~)
“What?”
Sherlock’s instructions had been to wait at the bus stop for Mrs Hudson, so John did just that. He wouldn’t have been surprised if this bus stop was the only one in the village – even with limited visibility, he felt as if he’d stumbled upon a reconstruction of a Victorian settlement. The houses were small and pastel-coloured, the roads narrow and in need of new tarmac.
look, but complied, and John laughed, and joined in: “
John laughed. “Nice names,”
“You okay?” asked Sherlock after John’s breathing slowed a little.
“John?” she called, and John got up, making sure not to slip on the icy pavement as he made his way over to the car.
“Good. Busy. How’s your sister’s leg?”
He began with the mouth.
“Oh, come on,” John said. Sherlock turned his head away from the eyepiece, not looking at John, but at least he wasn’t looking through that goddamn microscope anymore. “You’ve been snappy and short with me all day. What is it?”
“I thought you were
The shout came from in front of him, and plunged him straight back into the match as his hands immediately opened to catch the ball that spun through the air towards him.
“Never have I ever had sex outside.” Ollie, Vlad.
“However, I have to say,” Lestrade went on. “It was… weirdly effective, you great drama queen, so well done,” he finished, and John thought he heard a softness in his voice that was almost paternal –
“Mm,” John agreed. “If only they would talk to each other instead of trying to out-man each other all the time. Then maybe they wouldn’t be so fucked up in the head.”
“So you’re saying your mind…
John took a breath. It felt like he was breathing through a straw.
’, to which Sherlock looked very confused and slightly annoyed, but he hesitantly brought his arms up to reciprocate. John grinned from ear to ear, so much that it was almost beginning to hurt. He turned around and Muhammad was standing in front of him with his hand held out in front of him.
And now John raised his heavy head from his arms where he sat on the rough carpet and looked at the silhouetted figure standing by the window, watched him, as he had done many times before, as he swayed gently with the music that could very well wake the rest of the house, but was more likely to find its way into their dreams and calm them, make them smile in their sleep and sigh into their duvets.
“Got your eye patch?” he asked, settling his ‘bolts’ on his own head.
“You know I can’t hear a word you’re saying,” John said over his shoulder. It was partly true; the acoustics of the room made conversation very difficult when seven hundred other people were trying to talk over one another. That, and the fact that he hadn’t slept very well the night before and so was finding it hard to muster up any interest for anything that didn’t involve his bed.
“I’m not gay, though,” John said. “Honestly – did you not just hear me talk about Mary?”
John nodded. “Yes.”
in that house. He remembered back to a plan he had come up with while high once, a plan to run away. It had been the first time he had been high with another person. Victor had told Sherlock to trust him. Had convinced him to stay in his flat. And Sherlock had talked and talked and talked.
, he wanted to say, and hold his hand and pull him back in. “Okay. See you later, then.”
“Why?” John repeated. “So I can take care of you and not get a detention at the same time.”
“Go, Sherlock!” he screamed, before joining in with Doyle’s chants of “SHER-LOCK! SHER-LOCK! SHER-LOCK!”
Sherlock’s smile had fallen away, leaving behind nothing but the weight of his gaze, serious. Intentional.
He watched John gather his things and he reminded himself that he’d see him again in just under a week – four days, in fact, which was barely any time at all.
John sighed and took the paper back. “Fine.” He flipped to the back of the paper and found what he was looking for.
“Thank you.”
“What?” John said.
“It’s not bravery, Molly,” Sherlock replied. “It’s logic. We aren’t animals, therefore they can’t treat us as such.”
John pulled his football boot on, stamping a little to settle his foot comfortably into it. He was not looking forward to leaving the warmth of room twenty-one for the damp, muddy football field, but with Sherlock at his gala and his other friends being busy, he was starting to get bored inside. Granted, he did have a substantial pile of homework waiting for him on his desk, but he was purposefully ignoring it.
Sherlock didn’t know what to say to that, so he just smiled.
“Well, go on, then,” John encouraged.
And there: something about that had sounded right. That short combination of notes and rhythms and pitch. That was what he wanted to give to John. Because Sherlock’s violin spoke when Sherlock himself could not.
John turned back. Lottie’s eyes had softened a little, something hopeful on her face.
“Those posh fags get you into opera and caviar yet?” Dan joked.
John had never liked him. And he knew he’d never liked John. And he knew that he knew that he’d annoyed John earlier. And he knew that he was looking for another opportunity.
Sherlock threw the tube of paint back to John, who caught it with one hand and twirled it in his fingers.
Sherlock was in his room, phone in hand. He was looking at John’s last text.
John kept his gaze on Sherlock’s face, hoping that the sheer force of his stare would make him look up. Sherlock’s eyes flitted all around the pool hall, but he just wasn’t seeing John.
The force of the water hitting him. The sudden muffled silence, the moment of calm before he began to kick.
As they came to the bridge of the song, the singing dissolved into full-on shouting, and Sherlock shouted along with them, and he didn’t even think to be self-conscious with John’s hand gripping his waist – but he could barely feel it through all his layers, he wished he could feel each digit pressed into his skin – “
