Sherlock smiled, "You sent that? You're 'Three Continents Watson?' "
had been out all night doing whatever it was that he did. He decided to shower right away, to scrub off the grime and sweat from the day before, rather than taking tea first.
Interesting choice. Was she not afraid of being seen?
Sherlock felt the horse push into him, wrapping his neck around to get to some grass behind him. Sherlock laughed, feeling tears prick out of the corners of his eyes. He remembered riding his horses barebacked in this very pasture, and he longed to feel like a child again. Safe. Care free. Happy.
Sherlock didn't do or say anything else, but turned on his side, with his back to John. When John heard his breathing slow, he scooted closer to him, gently running his fingers through Sherlock's hair, being careful not to touch his scalp. He was tempted to pull the detective into his arms, but he wasn't sure if it would be welcome or not.
John felt the warm and uncomfortable drag of more fingers pushing inside him, he was embarrassed by how hot and turned on by the filthiness of it. He imagined how they'd look to someone else. A blonde man, bent over a prop size version of a gymnasium bench, metal sliding against the cement floor. The blonde man fucking himself on the fingers of the taller, lithe, dark haired younger man who was still fully dressed in a T-shirt and criminally tight black jeans.
Sherlock couldn't catch every word, but John said something regarding "Ideas in his head" and "terrifying" and "he does not need to be afraid."
His father laughed, "I'll let John explain that part himself."
"Oye, stop it!" Sherlock yelped, pulling away, covering his face with his arm.
"You will sit here by me," John arranges him, Sherlock is quiet, as John takes off his jacket, his shirt, and they are both undressed from the waist up. John wraps his arms around Sherlock, they hold one another, quiet, not speaking. John rubs Sherlock's arms, rubs the back of his neck, draws circles with his fingers over his ribcage.
Sherlock moved so he had more leverage. Asking permission, he rolled  his hands across his aching shoulder, pulling at the tense muscle. He didn't know much about human anatomy, but in his livestock studies, it seemed to be a strained re injury.  As his hands and John's muscle warmed, he felt John roll the shoulder, stretching and pushing at his shoulder blade, increasing the range of motion.
Like in the movies? If you kiss him, he'll only feel bristly kisses! He won't like it!"
Hamish continued, "But there are two chairs in front of the fireplace. Mr. Detective, instead of you sitting on the couch and talking to clients, you should sit in one of the large chairs in front of the fireplace. Daddy could sit by you, and you could talk to clients. Daddy observes different things than you," when Mrs. Hudson appeared in the doorway, Hamish jumped up and took her hand, "I'm going with Mrs.Hudson, if that's ok with you, daddy. Mr. Detective wants to talk to you but he's a little nervous with me around."
"Yes, there is a spare bed closest to the cow door and stable. It's a small bed but it's been cleaned up and it's warm. We can put the horse up near you. The horse and the straw will keep you warm."
John only wipes his eyes when he hears a terse knock at the door.
"We could be in Afghanistan, sir," the attending huffs, gathering supplies.
"Sweetheart," Sherlock says, shaking him awake, "You hurt your knuckles."
John stopped and pulled Sherlock close, to whisper in his ear, "Publicity?"
The stranger on the horse nodded, "Thank you," he jumped down, leading his horse. As he pulled his lead, the stranger introduced himself, "I'm John by the way, John Watson."
The light dims, and he feels fingers against his neck. The fingers are cool, and comforting. (Sherlock's? Is Sherlock still here? Is he on the phone?) He can hear talking, mumbling, whispering; he can't quite make out the words or decide if he should reply. His tongue is dry, his throat is warm, and all he can feel is fingers on his neck and the sensation that he is in waves.
"We should decide where we're going on our date," John asked, hands on his own knees, "We've been too busy today to talk about it."
"It is Seanmháthair's old recipe for blessing and good luck," William's voice cracked as he continued speaking, "She made me promise that upon on your betrothal that I would be especially kind to you, and bless you, and prepare you with all the gifts she gave me for you."
Sherlock starts again, shaky, "John..."
They do not speak. They stare at one another. Mycroft is vibrating, jaw clenched. He appears just as the day John brought Sherlock home from the crack house.
Sherlock deduces where John has traveled to the end of the runway, based on scuff marks and displaced gravel patterns. He finds signs of John drinking water, hitching a ride to a small village, spending the night with a family he didn't know.
I've always loved you.
Since they were little, Sherlock followed Mycroft around. He wanted to be just like Mycroft; his mannerisms, his voice, the way he walked. Their parents, especially dad, encouraged Sherlock to be his own person. Sherlock wanted to be a pirate, but act like his big brother.
Mr. Holmes. Whose mission was it?"
upset when you talk to him and you get mixed up on who is really there and who you're talking to-"
Human error.
"I just..."
A ring. John couldn't believe it. He'd been rehearsing, practicing, thinking over how to propose for weeks. Here, he'd been beaten to the punch. He saw Hamish smile, "I told you, Papa, he wanted to propose, too!" Sherlock smiled, but continued to play, not speaking. He turned to face John, continuing with the well-known wedding melody, gently setting on the edge of the bed. As he ended the song, Hamish jumped up a bit, clapping his hands. He was grinning from ear to ear. Sherlock picked his bow up gingerly and took the ring off of the end, unwrapping it from the fishing line that held it in place.
"Please, John," Sherlock said, grabbing at John's arm to pull him back into their house. They stumbled through the flowerbeds, John giggling as he caught Sherlock from falling. John pulled Sherlock up, and with the momentum he turned, running into the front door. He herded and crowded Sherlock back until he fell onto their rumpled bed.
"I just, I just imagined they'd have to learn to be together as sisters and brother. I hung my hat on that. I'd been with him through his shitty marriage, helped him move into a new place, we were getting so close. Then, he started talking about a man he'd met at work, and I had to pull away. Hamish, as a result, didn't get to see Greg's girls as often."
"Ok. Ok."
Without recollection, Sherlock had launched himself off the bed onto the floor. John had kept his distance, not restraining him, not touching him, but he'd opened the door and started talking to him. John was familiar with PTSD response. Of course, he was an army doctor. The open door would help Sherlock realize he wasn't trapped. John not touching Sherlock would help him, in his panic, understand that John wasn't trying to restrain him. John used only his voice to ground Sherlock back to the present.
Sherlock continues to stroke John's face, his hair, trying his best to calm him. He's never been at anyone's bedside before, never worked on comforting anyone during nightmares. He remembers bits and pieces of his father rocking him to sleep when he would cry out in the middle of the night, afraid of the dark, or of noises; he always felt better with his dad just being there. He never recalls being there for someone the way his dad was there for him.
When the three were outside, John asked to speak with Tavis alone. Sherlock heard only bits and pieces of his conversation, but he was angry. Though Tavis was taller and heavier, Sherlock could tell he was frightened.
As John spoke, Sherlock turned his head, causing their faces to nearly connect. John crinkled his nose, "You smell lovely."
John ran his fingers under Sherlock's eyes, cradling his entire face in his palms, "My rùnach. My Sherlock. You're upset over something that no one here will let happen. We belong to each other. If you want me near you, that's where I will be."
John texts Mary as he heard Sherlock rustling in the bedroom. "Let's meet at a cafe. To talk for a bit." He shuts the phone, put it back in his pocket. Sherlock is padding over to him, wrapped only in a sheet. John is giggling, but didn't get up.
Everything will begin moving quickly.
John sat up, pulling Sherlock forward. He drew the young man into his arms, their foreheads touching. John nipped at Sherlock's lips, "You are mine, Sherlock Holmes. Now and forever. Don't you ever talk about anyone else having you. You are mine."
"Since we're two blokes, I decided to get up a little higher than you, rather than down on one knee."
"Oh, we're not that bad."
John pulled back, his hand now in the nape of Sherlock's neck, rolled in his curls, "You are so very lovely. I am so lucky. I don't know how I got to be so lucky," John kissed him again. Sherlock thought it was pleasant, and nice, but not something he'd do for hours. After a few minutes John pulled back, breathing heavily.
Sherlock felt affection, and warmth, for  John Watson. He couldn't help moving over and kissing John's lips again. He missed his target, and his lips connected with a tickle of John's beard at the edge of his lips. Sherlock giggled.
"Sherlock," John calls, "Breakfast! And you're eating!"
John kisses him goodbye in their hallway, pulling the hoodie over Sherlock's eyes in a tease. Their hallway, where they giggled like schoolboys after chasing a cab, where they laid on the stairs, making a bed out of them when they were pissed. John can't help himself, he pulls Sherlock to the stairs, and John stands up two stairs so he's a bit taller than his best friend.
"I'm not discussing this right now. What do you want from me?"
"Why do you think I don't love you anymore?" John snaps at Sherlock.
rùnach = beloved
John had just done the same.
Louder than he had ever heard him speak, Sherlock shouted "For god's sake shut up and get out. We will let you know when we are ready."
Sherlock was dizzy and could hardly keep his eyes open. He crawled as close to John as he could, rubbing his fingers against the soft hair of his beard. Before oblivion took him, he kissed John, missing his target. He smacked his lips on the side of John's mouth, sighing out loud enough for his cousins and brother to hear, "Please, let John. Let him. Let him lay with me in my bed. My beautiful grian."
It's a bit not good to start giggling here, right now.
John bit his lip, and swore, his cock so heavy. He rolled his hips, just twice, his cock and balls rolling together in only his underwear and jeans. He came, only with Sherlock teasing at his hole, and the visions of Sherlock, fully dressed, just with his cock out, teasing him just with the tip of his cock, while bending him over a bench.
It was another photo.
The days with John and Hamish seemed a dream. He hadn't heard John's voice in days. If he didn't have the text messages he would've thought he'd dreamt the chase, the ribs, the kisses.
Sherlock's always loved it, every moment, as John has been the kindest to him, from the first cab ride. Kind even in his correction at Sherlock's rude behavior. Kind in the face of Sherlock's depressed, dark moods, his addiction, his cowardice. John has always been brave, stood up to Sherlock and for himself, but he's always done so with the kindest methods possible. He desperately wants to stare at his eyes, his face, this absolute picture of the kindest man he's ever known for the rest of his life.
As everyone broke bread, Mummy Holmes questioned John Watson. All the side conversation at the table stopped when she spoke.
When Sherlock nodded, John helped them both stand up. As they walked to his bedroom, John texted Greg explaining that they may be home late. Greg replied that they could spend the night to watch Hamish if needed. When John looked up from his phone, he quickly put a hand out to Sherlock's hip to steady him, as he was tilting into the wall. Sherlock whipped around batting his hand away.
"John, she's...let me bring you some items to the other flat. Your flat."
Sherlock was moaning, doing his best to rock back and forth without putting too much of his weight on John. However, John encouraged him to move by running his fingers on his ribs, bucking himself up into Sherlock. Sherlock's erection was caught between himself and John, and he moaned as he felt Sherlock shudder and cry out. He continued to moan, rocking, crying John's name.
Sherlock could imagine a place, easily, where Greg and John would be a far better match than Mycroft and Greg or John and Sherlock. The logical part of his mind understood that two single men coming together, who already had children, would best understand one another. If Greg didn't know before, would he act upon it now, if he knew? Would that leave both his brother and himself heartbroken?
Sherlock put his hand back on his lap, watching. John took a breath, and began again.
Sherlock put his finger to his lips for John to be quiet. He snuck to the right to go behind Mr. Hudson. He was deciding how to grab Mr. Hudson and the gun when he saw Hamish twitch his leg. Mr. Hudson yelled at him, "Stop moving!" Sherlock took this as his cue.
The doctor does not understand why he never saw (observed) this beautiful man. So scared of being alone. Sherlock tries to duck his head in embarrassment? Guilt? But John runs his hands up the sides of his neck, his face, kissing him. Gently. Remembering the warmth of last night's bath and their earlier need to touch one another.
John yells at the door that they're dressing, though Sherlock seems to be moving especially slow to be rebellious. When Mycroft steps into the flat, John can feel the atmosphere change in the room. Sherlock's face is taut, lips pursed together. Mycroft is bringing bad news.
Sherlock took John's hand, gripping it tightly, "I was curious, always getting into experiments and testing things in the garage. The neighbor, he was nice, at first. He would come over, would talk to my parents. He started to touch me a lot."
It's quick, efficient, but Mary grabs at Mycroft at the last second. A bullet hits his leg when she turns him.
"I heard you last night. Through two sets of walls."
"I don't understand."
Sherlock blushed, trying to figure out what the boy was getting at. Sherlock thought about it, remembering John's stern warning about pain. "No, it hadn't really hurt, just been a little uncomfortable."
"John, this is my-"
John perked up at the mention of Sherlock's name, "Where did you see him?"
The door swings open, Mary creeping around. Prepared to fight or flee. With the turn of her hips, Sherlock sees she's off balance. Faking a pregnancy. Gun tucked off her hip.
Sherlock is in the quiet before the storm. He texts Mycroft asking him on Sunday to please bring over a meal and the gift they discussed for John. Mycroft takes longer than normal to respond.
"I mean every word, Sherlock," John stares at him intently.  Sherlock looks back at him, as he is buttoning up his white shirt, tucking it into his black pants, "I love you. We need to placate her, and get you away from her. I can't live -"
Sherlock began to run around the flat, getting dressed. Without thinking, he ran through the front door, hailing a taxi that he then shooed on. Remembering John, Hamish, and Mrs. Hudson, he ran back inside, giving Hamish and John kisses on the forehead, and hugged Mrs. Hudson goodbye.
John grunted, snuggling further into Sherlock's lap. Daemon continued, "Everywhere Moriarty went there was an insurance payout with the same company and the same agency. Mercrium insurance with the Seb Moran agency. That was all we could find tying every one of these accidents together with Jim Moriarty."
"I need to lie down. I'll call you." He hurries out of the cafe, nearly blinded by his tears. He's not sure why he's still crying, the performance is over; Mary cannot see him from this distance.
Better to be unarmed and keep his body sharp, his mind tuned. He remembers the days and nights of hand to hand combat, both before The Fall and after, so he practices some sidestepping kicks and spins in the underground alleys.
"How could he, Mycroft? Be here?"
Sherlock continued to look at John, raising an eyebrow, "No…I guess not. What are you-"
Tha gaol agam ort = I love you
"John, please leave."
John stirred, waking to find Sherlock crying and Hamish in his arms. John reached over to run his fingers through Sherlock's curls, "You two ok?"
A thousand welcomes to you with your marriage kerchief,
"What? Are they too informal?"
Reckless.
"Did you say something, daddy, to Mr. Detective? Did you do something? Do you guys just not like each other? Mr. Detective, why aren't you and Daddy friends anymore? It's something daddy said because when I mentioned it, Mr. Detective broke eye contact. So, what did you say, daddy?"
Hamish just grinned, not upset in the least by being yelled at, "Did it hurt when daddy rolled you over, Mr. Detective?"
Sherlock peeled himself away from John and moved to the sitting room. He stared out the window, rubbing his arms, watching as the sky lightened. He slowly realized John had been calling his name over and over.
"Thank you. Thank you all for allowing me-" at this, his voice began to break. Gregory unwrapped the tartan so he could put his arm around his husband's waist, "For allowing us to marry. I love Gregory so much. It would have been easy to go through with a match-made arrangement. Thank you, mummy and daddy, and Serg and Kara Lestrade for giving your son to me."
John stutters as he grabs the box to his chest, hugging it, "He's, he's not using, using already, is he?"
The cruise ship left from Southampton every Monday at 7:00am. They traveled to Southampton by train on Sunday. During the trip, John dozed for at least thirty minutes. The rest of the way they sat in companionable silence, Sherlock smiling once when he caught John looking at him in the afternoon light. John felt butterflies when he thought about sharing a room, and sharing a bed, with his detective.
"No. Well, not for the reason you think." Robert takes the hand that was just touching his face, and kisses the palm.
John wakes with one of his newer nightmares, one he hasn't had for three nights. He was panicked, Sherlock bleeding from his chest, and he was having to slowly lower him by rope to the bottom of a great cavern. The blood on the rope kept causing his grip to slide. He woke with the feeling of frayed rope burns still on his palms.
The entire time John was in route, Sherlock was prepared by all the doctors that John would most likely not make it. In the first hospital in Norway, Sherlock had been escorted out by the police because he was absolutely inconsolable while John was in surgery. Mycroft had gotten him to calm down with some valium and cups of coffee, and a copy of their marriage license that he could show to the hospital staff.
Sherlock awoke to the sound of rain softly tapping against his roof. The sun had set long ago and it was now the middle of the night. He sighed, stretching, wiping off his face with his nightgown.  He went to his nightstand, took out a lamp and matches, and dressed in his oldest clothes. He padded down the hallway, walking quietly past his parents' room. He was quiet as he walked past Mycroft's room until he remembered he wasn't home. He was surely at his house with his new husband.
"You know I love you. I hope I am not just tolerated. I would do anything for you. I am desperate to have you."
"I guess," John's voice was shaking, "it's just I have been alone for so long. I've had to work while I've been sick. I've been exhausted. I've never had anyone else around for years. It just hit me. You're here. With us. I'm not alone. I'm not doing all this by myself anymore."
"And how long was he…" She stopped, biting her cheek, "Is your policy to allow theatre guests to inspect the equipment unsupervised, or do they always have a company escort?"
"Daddy, I know that I'm not supposed to deduce, but Mr. Detective will think your mustache is itchy…."
John can't help rubbing himself against Sherlock; he's gorgeous, warm, and spread out tall, stretching all his limbs. He rolls so they are facing one another, and they stare, watching each other's eyes dart across their faces. Sherlock loves to watch John's face as he looks at him.
"But your daddy loves you, and your grandma and grandpa love you, and people who try to be your friends, they love you exactly as you are. You don't have to be clever for them. They know you're clever. You also can't be rude to them. Or impatient. Or hurtful. You may want to, but those you love, who are around you all the time, you have to practice being patient."
"Where did Sherlock come from?" John ran his fingers up and down Sherlock's ribs. He felt Sherlock relax, settle down on top of him. John could feel Sherlock's manhood up against his thigh.
Daemon shook his head, "That's brilliant how your mind works. Insane that you can make that connection, but brilliant. John said you were amazing."
He takes to box back to the kitchen, and opens it at the counter.
"I'll tell you later," Sherlock ghosts against John's ear, "Let's get a few hours sleep before tomorrow."
It's his Tshirt.
My lover
"John, lay down, we can make love while you're laying down," John laid on his back, arching, amazed that he was already hard and ready again. On top of him was the expanse of marble and beauty that made his chest ache. Sherlock moved forward and rubbed his erection and pelvis against John, grabbing the lube from the drawer.
John and Sherlock bump into one another, laughing, as they try to undress each other as quickly as possible. John wants to be free of anything that Mary had bought him, anything that he'd worn with her (he had a fleeting thought of setting a match to all his belongings) but his mind snaps back to his love, his Sherlock, as he rolls on his back.
"How do I have your word, Mary, when all I've had thus far  have been lies?"
John turned Sherlock's hand so he could lace their hands together and rub his fingertips over his knuckles. Sherlock ran his thumb over John's upper lip.
a few times?"
"I am a little scared, if I'm honest," he said, running his fingertips up and down John's back, "I am not sure how you are to fit within me. I have had it explained to me how it works, but being faced by your size is altogether a different matter."
Just as he was soaping his arms he heard the door handle turn. "Sherlock?" He asked. John heard his voice through the splash of the water, "You usually eat breakfast first." He sounded so terribly young.
"I bring you into my house to take care of you, and you're going to interrogate me-"
John was sitting on top of Tavis' mare, Soilleir. John's stallion was pawing and waiting next to him, already saddled.
Sherlock's brain finally caught up with the miscommunication, "John. Hamish is definitely your son. You both assume right away you did something to offend. No, you're…you. I like, I do like being here. I like you. Especially without the mustache," John laughed, tapping Sherlock on the forehead,"And you
Wher'er to bear
John moves closer to Mycroft, their shoulders touching. Their group of soldiers took the nonverbal signal and readied weapons.
John stopped speaking when he reached the entryway to the bedroom and saw his betrothed sitting up. Discreetly, William and the rest of the family stepped out of the room. Sherlock's eyes were still unfocused, but he could see the slump in John's shoulders and the sweat that had been pouring off of him. There were two figures near him that moved in and out of focus, two other men that were wearing the Watson tartan.
After a few more minutes, John lifted his pelvis and got his hand around his cock and stroked. The angle caused Sherlock to cry out. John was now perfectly angled so Sherlock could glide the tip of his penis from John's tailbone all the way to his bollocks.
Sherlock grabbed John, shaking him by his shoulders, "It was Mrs. Hudson's husband. Get yourself together. We'll find them."
"What do you mean? Mummy just gave this to me. I've no idea why. William didn't know why, either."
"Are you afraid, Sherlock?" John met Sherlock's eyes and didn't move away from him.
Sherlock is not as comfortable with guns as he believes he should be. He's killed, while dismantling Moriarty's network, while running cases with John he's kept John's gun with him at times, but he doesn't trust himself. He's too impulsive. A former junkie, he's afraid with his addictive personality he may get too used to using it rather than his wits. He may become too dependent on getting out of a situation with a bullet rather than skill.
Sherlock still wouldn't make eye contact.
Sherlock runs his thumb across John's lower lip, "Why are you smiling?"
"Yes, I am
Dr. Watson was grinning as he flipped through Sherlock's chart, but he lifted his eyes enough to look around the room, "The patient needs rest as well."
Sherlock began thrusting in earnest, but didn't make a move to grab the lube, or to prepare John. He rubbed his cock on the outside of John's entrance and his cheeks, just teasing, just enjoying the sensation. John was moaning with Sherlock, rutting himself in an alternating fashion against Sherlock's cock and the sheets.
"Yes, you are!" John answered in a sing-song tone, closing Sherlock's bedroom door behind him.
William, red faced, looked John up and down. He pursed his lips, and shut the door with a small snap.
"Who will protect John?" His voice is low, John feels the cello vibrations in his own chest. He takes Sherlock's hand.
"We've ordered a helicopter. A med-evac." The lead EMT barked at Harry. Everyone could always tell she was clearly the one in charge.
After they make love, both of them naked except for Myc's new jewelry, Robert explains where the necklace came from.
He snuck out the back hallway, through where the stable archway led. He went into the stable, and there was John Watson's magnificent black stallion. In the bright morning light he could see he was larger, and more magnificent, than he had realized at first. He was a black Eriskey, 13.2 hands, a rare animal by all accounts. Currently, he was pacing, swaying, pulling on his lead. His ears were back. He was anxious. Without thinking, barefoot and with just his nightclothes on, Sherlock took the horse out for fresh air.
John laughed, and Sherlock chuckled. It was an internal laugh, a shaking of his shoulders and a throaty sound. It made John want to hear his voice more and wonder what he sounded like when he spoke. He turned, watching him as he started the car and pulled out, following the police car. John turned on the radio, listening to BBC just to check on the news. John pulled up his BSL app to find another couple of signs to show Sherlock when given the chance.
"John, there is a serious case-"
Sherlock huffed out as John pulled on his legs. John was shaking his head, "Wait, which Mr. Wiggins?" Sherlock thought through all the Wiggins he knew. There was five in his homeless network, one that worked at the largest grocery store, two school teachers….he continued mapping in his brain the layout of their locations as Hamish talked.
Sherlock smiled, "I'll get a lock for the door. We should probably get up and get dressed. See what he's up to."
Moving quicker than a woman her age should, she runs outside, grabbing a pan as she goes. As she rounds the corner to locate the intruder, she sees a young man crouching.
John looked at Sherlock, cocking his eyebrow. Sherlock wanted to take in all his features, but he was embarrassed. He could tell, by stealing small glances, that John Watson was tanned, blonde, blue eyed, and had a bright smile.
"John, John," the way Sherlock said his name was scared and joyful all at once, "I read your vows, and I was so scared. They didn't know if you would come out of the medical coma, and all I could do is read your words and think about….oh, John…." John was able to hush Sherlock while he rubbed his beautiful cheekbones in an attempt to calm him. If Sherlock was dehydrated, it was best that he stopped crying. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John and hugged him close to him, "I'm sorry, I was just so hurt. I didn't know….I didn't think you-"
"I was quite sad during that season. I didn't have anything to look forward to. Everything was gray. The same every day."
"John, John," There was warm breath on his neck. Who was that? He smelled like Sherlock. Sherlock and his ridiculous poncy tea tree oil shampoo. Coffee breath. There was a scuffle.
John laughed, "You are a ridiculous man," kissing his nose, his mouth.
"Let me do this, John, please," Sherlock nuzzled into John's neck, nipping playful bites, sucking on his skin. His cock slipped in between his cheeks just a bit more, but he didn't penetrate him. He just rubbed, and fit himself in between, lazily rocking himself against him. His skin slapped against John's, sweat causing them to stick together. Sherlock felt a deep pull to rut, to push, to grab onto John and push him into himself.
Not waiting for Sherlock to answer, the older woman, the grandma, fixed up Sherlock's blankets, adjusted his pillows, gently raised his head, and, most likely out of habit, smoothed his hair out of his eyes. She smiled at him, "Johnny said you took quite a fall with the murderer. You were out for almost 12 hours. I hope Hamish wasn't talking your ear off. He does that."
He goes into a cafe, making sure he's in a corner, facing out. It reminds him of the time, months ago, when he'd first confronted Mary, smashing chairs.
Sherlock jumped, forgetting that Mycroft had sent Greg into the kitchen with him, to wait for Mycroft to explain, how Sherlock would help, how Sherlock would be specialized to help her and understand what she went through.
"Doctor." is all Mycroft says, putting his phone in his pocket. His eyes search up and down John, deducting, same as his younger brother does. There is no affection, just a sag of shoulders, both worried, both tired. John lowers the elbow, nods his head. No apology.
"To get you out of England while Sherlock talked with Moriarty. Keep you away from Mary. We were 87% sure Moriarty wouldn't harm Sherlock, but we brought the Calvary just in case."
Now, Sherlock brought Mary up because he was hurt, attempting to get a reaction from John. A visceral, angry, nasty reaction. He was desperate for a fight.
"Yea," John said, blinking lazily, his fingers pushing Sherlock's hair out of his face.
She walked away from their corpses into Moriarty's network again without a second thought.
soilleir = Brilliant. Starry. (For author
John checks himself, with difficulty, and gently rubs and rinses Sherlock. He takes moments to hold him, whispers into his ear as the water warms their skin pink. John loses track of how many times he tells Sherlock he loves him, how much he's missed him, and how amazed he is at how their bodies perfectly fit together.
John ran to the kitchen, grabbed his bottle of Grant's, tumblers and ice, tucking a wet flannel over his shoulder as he went. He sat down on the floor and began gently bathing Sherlock, who was already beginning to doze.
get his dumb ass back here now we've got to send him away."
The Spanish police force and helicopter arrive on a landing pad outside of an empty car park near the Holmes' parents home. They begin running plans and counter plans. The layout of Appledore is reviewed again. Scenarios are ran if they have to use a sniper through the glass windows, or if they have to come in under cover of full nightfall.
"Mycroft," Sherlock simply said, quickly and urgently pulling John's arm to regroup in Sherlock's bedroom.
Sherlock didn't smile often. He felt himself grin. His Da clapped him on the shoulder, "I'll leave you fiancées to it, then. Two weeks planning is quick to get to your estate, Master Watson. I've got to wake the hungover lads. I figure a good bit of shouting and banging pots should get them roused up!"
John tilts his head, "What?"
The spider, the lying wife, the businessman. There is only one that will be left in all of this. Only one of them can live to see the new year.
The man looks at John, then Mycroft, "že je v příštím plánování dveří do budovy. On nám chtěl říct svému lékaři Johna Watsona , že se těžce poučili, neopustit svého milence za sebou , takže je stanovení tohoto chybu."
After a few minutes,when John's face was red and Tavis looked fully chastised, both of them walked over to Sherlock. Tavis offered to go back inside, but John cut him off, "No, I want you to witness this, too."
"Can I sit by you?" Hamish asked, his stuffed animal hugged against his cheek.
John sniffs in a breath of air, trying to relax. He knows he's looked and felt just like Jim, willing to negotiate anything for love, willing to work with anyone.
John looked back at Sherlock. He rolled his shoulder, moving away from Sherlock's touch.
"It has everything to do with it. Unrequited love or no, Greg is still my best friend. After Hamish, I say his name at least as many times in a day. I do talk to him, when I'm by myself. Because I had no one else to talk to," John gestures to the skull, "That's all it meant. Yes, I still have to work through some things, but I choose you. And Hamish chose you. And I'm not giving up without a fight."
John gave him a frightening look. His brow was furrowed. He looked up at Tavis, then back at Sherlock. When John spoke again, his voice was quiet, but thunderous.
"What do you know of the youngest Holmes? And the Holmes clan? Are they good people?"
Mycroft meets Robert at a cafe a few blocks from work (after his bodyguards and operatives had scoured the area). Robert smiles at him after they order, and Mycroft finds himself smiling back. (He thought for a fleeting moment of Felipe and their first meal in Spain, then the moment passes).
Sherlock chuckled, "You saved me. If you wouldn't have hit him with that chair-"
Sherlock clicked his fingertips against the waiting room chair, tapping against the plastic edging of the laptop. Daemon threw up a crumpled Playbill into the air and caught it, muttering to himself.
"You don't have to look so smug about it," John smacks Sherlock with a pillow before rolling over to sleep.
"Don't leave."
The shooting range is completely empty.
John put his arm on the back on the couch, "Based on your weight and size, you've got about an hour before you become incredibly sleepy."
Sherlock looked confused and looked down, pulling his hand away from John's.
Sherlock, still looking so young, so doe eyed, lets John guide him back into their flat, into Sherlock's bedroom.
John lets go of Sherlock for one moment to throw the towel in the hamper. Sherlock collapses in sleep with one arm stuck in a side angle in the shirt sleeve, so John moves behind him, rolls him over and under the covers as he tugs the shirt straight.
Daemon pulled out a Playbill, then another. He smoothed out the listings so the cast was side by side, including the understudies.
"John, I'm....so cold,"
They hadn't spoken for two days, not since their mix of notes and talking in Robert's office, but they both needed time to work out how to proceed with Magnussen.
Sherlock shifted in his lap and John drew in a breath and bit his lip. Desire struck him suddenly, Sherlock's inky curls were irresistible, but he needed to focus.
Sherlock was surprised by the tears tracking on his cheeks, "I was just thinking of my brother. I agreed to be arranged to be married so he could marry his love. I was just resigned to the idea, and the best I thought I could hope for was someone who wouldn't ask too much of me physically and would allow me to still work on my experiments."
"No, no. Let's review the plans."
John rolled off of him. They lie naked, on their sides, facing each other. The light began to stream in brighter, diffused by the rough blown glass.
The over-the-door bell dings as he enters. His senses feel razor sharp from the adrenaline and the lack of sleep. A woman with a baby in the corner, a waiter balancing a tray of food for a table of eight, and his lying, cheating wife.
"I'm going to talk with Mary..." John feels Sherlock tense and try to get up, "Wait, wait. Let me explain.  I love you. I am seeing her, in a public place, because I think she's more dangerous without hope. I want you to be safe. I'd like to tell her you're still at hospital, and hide you somewhere. Maybe in a town with a rehab hospital?" John keeps his head down, kissing Sherlock, rubbing circles into his ribs.
Unloading the boxes into Sherlock's sparse apartment, the rooms filled up quickly. John caught Sherlock biting his lip as the movers were loading the last boxes into his laboratory. "Sherlock, is this too much?" John rubbed his arm, "I know you're used to your space."
John put a ringlet of Sherlock's hair behind his ear, "You do makeup, yea?" Sherlock nodded, "Practice on me, show me what you do?"
John and Sherlock exited the bedroom, dressed and clean. Sherlock felt pride, joy and wonder that the man at his side was his betrothed. He had cared for him, comforted him, dressed him and braided his hair into oiled and decorated braids. William had insisted that he should be the one to braid Sherlock's hair, as his helpmate since childhood, but John was resolute that he wanted to learn. John assured William that he would have a high station in their new household but that there were some tasks pertaining to Sherlock's care that he would be taking over as his husband.
"Please, I want to, please-"
When Sherlock was wet and open, John sat up and pulled off his plaid and kilt. He sat back on his knees and heels, his cock red and dripping, jutting out straight from his body. Sherlock ran his fingers through his own hair, pulling at his scalp, "How will it fit? John, please, how will that fit..."
Sherlock spends an hour wandering the edges of the town. It begins to rain, wiping any hope of easily following a trail. He assumes John left early by foot and didn't hitch another ride. He texts Mycroft again, who still stubbornly refuses to help.
John, impulsively, got Sherlock's attention on the curb before he could get into his car. He made a fist, knocking on his chin
"I'm sorry, Mr. Detective, I can go get daddy-" The boy, blonde haired, lanky, covered in freckles, did his best to straighten up his wrinkled clothes as he stood up.
Sherlock looked up at William. He knew there was more, as the tartan was unlike anything he'd ever seen. It was not the Lestrade clan, a yellow with deep green stripes, or their distant cousins the Hooper clan, whose tartan was a lighter blue with white. This was a new pattern, and his mother was putting it on him for a specific reason.
John rubbed his hand over his eyes, "Sherlock, it's not like that-"
Sherlock watched John interact with his parents. Though the artist's relationship with his mummy and dad was good, it was different. They'd sent Sherlock to school to become a lawyer. When he'd dropped out for makeup design at a local summer stock theatre they hadn't talked to him for weeks.
John tried to call Sherlock a few more times in the cab, but there was still no answer. Straight to voicemail. When he got to St. Bart's he threw some bills at the cabbie, unsure if he'd horribly over or underpaid her. He went floor to floor, asking after him in his usual haunts. The processing room.  The cold freeze. The intake. Finally, he reached the lab off of the main morgue floor and found Hamish huddled over a microscope and Sherlock and a female, most likely an autopsy tech or a medical examiner or pathologist. There was a bone saw and a face shield, both dirty, just a few inches from his son.
Someone knocked at the door, Sherlock bade him enter. William entered with Tavis behind him. They both smiled brightly, carrying Sherlock's Watson tartan pattern kilt, plaid and dressing shoes and hose.
"Please, let Seb and Moriarty talk as much as they want. They're both bastards, but..." He puts his head down on his knees, breathing in and out raggedly.
Sherlock nodded, wiping the tears away with the bath water. The fragrance of the crushed leaves was similar to roses, lilacs and spiced mead. It was invigorating.
"Sherlock." John says softly, his hands now on Sherlock's face, roaming over his gorgeous, sharp features, "Are you ok with this, with us? I'm going to go upstairs, and get a few things..."
Mycroft texts John and Sherlock that they need to be ready to move within the next two weeks. His intelligence is sketchy; the sources aren't quite sure when Jim and Mary are set to meet about their secret plan.
"I think you're making a mistake," Mycroft says, as he takes the pen and paper back from Robert, "We could get through this if we would work together," he writes
John put his hand on Sherlock's knee, his voice harsh, "Wait, are you saying I had something to do with the murders to keep him off his honeymoon?"
He watches Sherlock go out, and come back hours later. Obviously well fucked and high as a kite. Sebastian tries to talk him through it. Offers coffee, suggests a cold shower. Sherlock rejects it all.
Sherlock looks at John. John looks at Mycroft. Mycroft begins, leaning forward on his umbrella, "Sherlock, my sources believe Mary was in Magnussen's office that night to kill you, and not Magnussen. She's been stopped for now, but to protect you, my sources and I need to move you from Baker Street. What I mean is, that's what I recommend. She is under the impression, according to her discussions we've taped, that you are in hospital. If you stay here, that assumption will be broken."
The young boy is leaning over the bedrail with his chin in his hands. "Hello."
"John, John, we can't push you too far. You're still healing, you only finally just got dressed…." Sherlock's voice was swallowed up in a gasp of pleasure as he put his had on John's good shoulder to steady himself as he rocked to the side.
"I can feel your heartbeat and your breathing. Can you feel me?" Sherlock nodded, bearing down on the burning feeling of John stretching him. John wrapped his arms around Sherlock, kissing him deeply, rocking his hips up and back.
"Sherlock, I'm trying to ask you a question."
Sherlock pursed his lips and stared at John for a few moments. As the silence became uncomfortable, he growled, "I certainly don't recall welcoming a man into my bed," Sherlock rubbed at his temple, his eyes fixed on John, "I hurt all over. My ribs. My arms. My head absolutely aches."
Sherlock pulled the car directly in front of a modest restaurant only a few minutes from the police station. After parking the car, he notated in his phone and turned it so John could read it.
"Hamish, I'll bring you back some case notes, ok?" Hamish grinned at Sherlock, wrapping his arms around him. Being very light, he swung the boy up into his arms, "You have to be good for Mrs. Hudson, and then you can help us with the loose ends, ok?"
"Hi, Sherlock," he had a dazzling smile, "I'm not really a theatre person, I work in construction, by my sister Harry asked me to help. Sounds like the rigging will be pretty complicated?"
"Oh my god. The scaffolding."
John's field of vision narrows to a small, pinprick of light in front of him. He must remind himself to breathe.
Sherlock reminded himself that John had chosen him, and the man speaking to him was John's relation. He bit his tongue, his stomach rolling with the man's rancid breath. Sherlock focused on his next piece of rope to weave.
"Thank you," John wipes his hands, again, and holds out his hand to shake Mycroft's. Mycroft uses both of his hands, moves in closely to John, and in a whisper, "You understand, don't you? Everything Sherlock has done, was for you?" John doesn't answer; Mycroft spins on his heels and walks away. Before John returns to Sherlock's hospital room he realizes Mycroft wasn't carrying his umbrella.
"My prince, forgive me," John kisses his eyelids, his cheeks, his neck; he sits into Sherlock's lap deeply, wrapping his arms around him, putting his fingers under his shirt to touch his skin. John stops to take Sherlock's face in his hands.
After plans were set for Mrs. Hudson, Greg pulled Sherlock and John aside, "We can watch Hamish, if you'd like. So you two can go on a proper date."
"You're being discharged today. Where are you going?"
Sherlock bounced up and used the stallion's mane to climb upon his back. He hadn't regularly ridden a horse for years, something he'd missed so desperately, and now he'd been given a horse of his own. He looked at his betrothed. Even though Soilleir was smaller and overweight, John looked regal upon her. He looked every bit of a clan leader, familiar with hard work and defending his flock and land from others. He imagined his Da had looked that way years ago, handsome and ready to take on the world.
"But daddy, he said I was amazing and extraordinary and didn't get mad when I told him  you called him an idiot!" Sherlock considered that the boy must be quite proud of his deductions and the praise from a stranger. He considered most people were highly impatient with him, and Sherlock couldn't be too sure he wouldn't have snapped at him already if his ribs weren't broken.
At 2 am, the sheriff arrived. They cleared the theatre, asking for everyone to leave except those who were directly involved with the raising of the scaffold. No one spoke as all the costumers and light techs left. Sherlock held John's hand and felt his fingers vibrating.
Sherlock's full name.
"John, now may not be the best time..."
My lassie is moonlight
The first pages are detailed schematics of how the Christmas party at the Holmes parents is going to go, down to their scripts and clothing, and the takedown of Magnussen. The takedown of Magnussen is not detailed, but simply states "John will follow Sherlock's lead when they visit him."
Sherlock allowed Tavis to lean him back into the pillows. William was called, and he brought compresses and medicines for pain. They helped Sherlock stand to change his clothing and the bedsheets. Each wave of exertion took three times as long as normal, but the pain medicine eased his discomfort. William was serving Sherlock sips of broth as the evening light filled the room.
Sherlock's ears were pink, and his neck and chest were flushed. He chewed his lips as he spoke, "Alone with you is fine with me."
"It wasn't even my fault, the detective said," John kept speaking, the others stayed silent, "No matter how safe I made it, he was determined to get his fame and glory. No matter how it happened. No matter how many friends and family loved him. It wasn't enough. He wanted fame at any cost. Even if he brought others down with him. Even if it meant a horrific injury."
One text message came in.
"So, Sherlock," John's mom began, "How long have you and John known each other?"
ask me explicitly to do so. You are the most beautiful creature I've ever seen. But I will never hurt you. Or frighten you. Or make you do anything you don't want to. We can have separate rooms if you want. You're young and innocent. I'm an old man who has lived through many heartaches. I know what it feels like to have one's heart broken. I won't do that to you. No matter what foolish things other people tell you."
Sherlock looked up at him, "We can't stay in bed all day. We would get chaffed."
you. And his opinion is one of the most important to me."
-----
They sat for a moment, each on the bed, staring at one another. Sherlock moved so he was poised on John's lap, his pelvis lined up with John's, but now there was no clothing in the way. His precome leaked onto John's penis, thick and wide, red with need, and John gulped, grabbing Sherlock's ass and pushing them down into one another.
John took a cup of coffee and sat back against the couch, leaning into Sherlock's side as he drank it. Daemon and Sherlock didn't speak, but continued to research. John dozed in Sherlock's lap for a couple of hours. Before lunch, they snapped awake when the doorbell rang. Sherlock answered it.
Mary rises, nods to Sherlock and Mycroft, "As long as you go away to die and stay dead, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, I really don't give a damn how you do it."
"Yes?" Sherlock looked up into his mother's eyes. They were soft with concern.
John takes his half Valium. He's always been a terrible liar.
Normal life had screeched at him and made him restless. Life had slowed, been unbearable, ever since Sherlock's jump. Sherlock had slowly become more human, more caring, then he'd left for two years. He'd become independent, wild, selfish. Nothing would change him. As much as John loved him, he would never get in his heart, his mind.
"Do you like it, John?" Sherlock stood close to John, his tone questioning, hoping for approval.
"I'm glad I'm here. To meet you and Hamish. Despite all the pain," Sherlock felt John pull him closer, his eyes deep blue, offset by his tanned face. Sherlock put his shaking hand on John's jaw, "Thank you."
"I know what you're going to say, Mycroft. Though I appreciate the sentiment, we both know my temperament and personality. Being in a relationship," Sherlock inhaled, "shouldn't have even been attempted. It's better to be alone. Alone protects me."
"What are you making, Hamish?" John asked, allowing Sherlock to lean on his arm for support as he let him down gently into a chair. John stood behind him, rubbing Sherlock's shoulders as he talked to his son, "Are you baking something?"
The two young men created what they agreed was the most morbid Pinterest account to ever be created. They linked theatres, dates, plays, directors, playwrights, set designers, locations and producers. There was nothing they could find that linked the incidents except Moriarty.
Six months ago, he may have felt melancholy sipping on this gift, but now he uses the memories to fuel his resolve. The moves and counter moves play in his mind as he swallows; a comfortable burn as it goes down.
"That soldier fellow. He'll either be the making of my brother. Or make him worse than ever."
John recalled the silly case, barely a 3, where this
"I'm sorry, Lord Watson, I hope you aren't too disappointed. At least your
Sherlock feels tears creep out of his eyes, down his cheeks. He's happy, and scared. John was here; there's a tramped down section of grass that fits his body size. The light is fading quickly, but he will not leave without John. He circles around until he crosses out of a small patch of trees into an open glen. There is a cabin in the distance, with the lights glowing inside, and further away another small town.
"I was engaged to be married once," John began, "Her name was Mary. We had a common witnessed wedding. She was with child. I thought I loved her," John's voice cracked with emotion and Sherlock squeezed his fingers, "She lost her mind. She had delusions that everyone was ready to hurt her. She stopped eating. We lost the baby. She finally…"
Tavis touched Sherlock's cheek, "Are you alright, rùnach?" He draped the tartan around Sherlock's shoulders, smoothing all his clothing, "If John Watson is not good to you , Sherlock, I will kill him. He knows that."
Mycroft looks sympathetically at John, then addresses Sherlock, "Is this what we need to do, Sherlock?"
"Sherlock, sweetheart, you said that out loud."
"But what has changed, old friend?"
It was too interesting of a phenomenon, so if it had ever happened to him, he most certainly wouldn't have deleted it from his hard drive.
Billy is dressed warmly; a jumper (Sherlock smiles, a more in fashion jumper than John's), scarf, coat, gloves. He's shaved. He looks nice, benign, presentable. Mary will recognize him if she sees him up close, of course, but if he stays at a distance, she shouldn't think anything of him.
After a minor spat about what to ask, where to go, and who to talk to, John is out the door. He goes to the drug house where John had found Sherlock, where he'd first met Billy. He walks in the dimly lit crack house; calls out for Billy. No answer.
Mycroft sits in his office, sipping whiskey (a gift from the King of Spain.) They exchanged love letters tucked into gifts and shared clandestine meetings for a year. This aged whiskey was one last gift he hadn't been in a hurry to finish.
"John." Sherlock sat beside him, moving his legs and his arms, asking John to look in his eyes, "John, I'm not a doctor. Can you tell me how you feel? Do you have a concussion?"
"Did you read it?"
(Love. What a word. Where did this feeling, this word, spring from.)
John stared at him, his blue eyes looking into Sherlock's. He straightened himself up, "What happened, Sherlock? Hamish is incredibly angry with me. He's 8 going on 14. What did I do, tell me?"
John realized everyone, including Molly, Greg and Sherlock were dressed in suits today. John remembered that a high profile researcher on cancer medication from Mayo clinic had traveled to London just to speak today. John felt underdressed. As he walked past the sign language interpreters, he saw Molly and Sherlock give some signs back and forth to one another. Molly laughed. John thought they might be talking about him. When he caught Sherlock's glare, he knew he was.
Sherlock tilted his head and pointed to the house. John nodded, allowing Sherlock to fall behind him. He could hear crying and some off key screaming from inside the house. He paused, turning around and nearly running into Sherlock. He held his finger up in a
John's palms are sweaty and itchy, he wipes them on his pant legs, "Mycroft, I need a battle plan. I can't watch, I can't...."
John didn't know how to sign back, so he mouthed back, "No problem."
"John, you've ruined my sheet," Sherlock laments, starting to stand.
"Hello," Sherlock squeaked back. He was unsure what to ask next. Luckily, the man on the horse kept speaking.
John is asleep on the couch. He'd been reading the paper, and he's splayed out, his stomach slowly rising and falling with his inhales. The paper rises and falls with his breath. Sherlock sits on the floor, beside the couch, and threads his fingers through John's. He sits on the floor, content to let most of the morning pass by, watching John sleep.
He watched Sherlock smoothly navigate his car into a spot in front of the station. Sherlock winked at him as he smoothly exited the car, giving John a chance to look at his arse as he did so. John looked at his scrubs, comically underdressed compared to the other man, and jogged to catch up to the long-legged interpreter. He started to type out his note asking for his number to take him on a date but got distracted watching him walk, the lean muscles of his thighs and forearms swinging in tandem. He was beautiful, constantly looking around him. He turned, waving at John to catch up.
Sherlock nodded. He replied, "Can you ask a more specific question? Something that I can truly describe or answer?"
"Sherlock," Daemon called after him as he bolted up the large cement stairway. Sherlock didn't hear him as he swung open the double doors into the lobby. He was nearly arrested himself as he demanded to speak with the detectives on the case.
John stopped grinding and sat back up on the couch, "So, you are? I thought Irene was joking."
John gave him space, smiling up at him, "There is nothing to be sorry about. I was shot right after eating crisps with lunch. To this day, I can't even see that brand of crisps without going into a near panic attack. It took me years to figure out the connection."
"Ok."
John takes out the clip and snaps the safety on (which is unnecessary since it is unloaded) but he's worried that suicide is crossing his mind. He hasn't thought if putting a bullet in his brain since right before he met Sherlock. He know that Sherlock cares; he remembers the look on his face in the pool with Moriarty. But now, Jesus, they're siding with the bastard? Against Mary? God.
"So I'm assuming the yelling is where the wife is?"
"John," is all Sherlock can say. He buries his head into his dear love's neck and allows John to rub his back until they fall back asleep.
John smiled, pushing the fringe of hair out of his eyes, "I will take you however you are, Sherlock Holmes, exactly how you are."
Mycroft can't help the interruption, "Greg."
"We may need to not show our hand to her, just yet," Mycroft answers, slowly, weighing each word, "If she knows at all, and loved you, she would not have shot him. You may have some time with Sherlock to let things cool off..."
"John, this isn't funny. I'm trying."
Sherlock coughed, "The son, Elias, is receiving threatening emails, letters, calls. The person or persons identify themselves as 'WBC.' The police force hasn’t taken it seriously, as the person is sending photos of….well," At this Sherlock blushes, "Porn photos and cutouts from magazines with rather upsetting messages."
"Sounds perfect."
Sherlock tilted his head, "You expect me to cook?"
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock, pulling him into his embrace, putting the boy's head on his chest and shoulder. He breathed into his hair, kissing the crown of his head, running his fingers lightly over Sherlock's shoulders and neck.
John squeezed Sherlock's hands, "Please, help me up. I'd like to sit up and watch you work, or play your violin. I've been cooped up in this bed for far too long."
Sherlock bent down, putting his forehead against John's. They bucked into each other, moaning, John felt hot with the glory of his beautiful, alabaster husband writhing on top of him, feeling his heartbeat and his body engulfing him.
On one pass, Sherlock rounded behind John  and forced his horse to a near crawl. They were riding northwest, and the sunlight was gliding over John's features. His back, his shoulders, his thighs were accentuated by sunlight. Dust that the horse kicked up floated around him, catching sunlight in a cloud. Sherlock surprised himself with the feeling of longing, of
"I wrote it for you, John, when I knew I loved you. When I thought you might love me back when you wouldn't lie to me about Irene. When you told her that you would tell me she was back, and you still wouldn't help her. I wrote it for you."
John met Sherlock's eyes and he felt a burning urge to ask him, immediately, to marry him. He loved him so much, and he didn't want to be away from his side. Sherlock looked at him with such burning intensity, he leaned down and kissed John so deeply it curled his toes. John pulled back, "Sherlock, I need to-"
"John, I am, John..." Sherlock grabbed at John's hair, pulling him down for a kiss. He bucked his hips up, his legs unable to keep still.
John's heart is beating out of his chest. The language, word choice. There has been some major cock up, some factor they did not anticipate.
"No, no. I can just tell. By how you're acting. And the newspaper. And keeping away from everyone-"
Since he was getting dressed in Sherlock's room all he did was put a towel on his waist. He didn't bother knocking and let himself right in. He immediately noticed the package wrapped in gift paper on the bed. Looking beyond that, he saw Sherlock putting the finishing touches on a full length plaid, a Watson Tartan, that was wrapped around him from shoulder to ankle. It was a long piece of continuous fabric that was curved and then clipped at Sherlock's slim waist. The rest flared out to the floor. At the other side of his waist that was unclipped, his alabaster skin was exposed from hipbone to delicate foot. It was a cross between a woman's and a man's highland dress, similar to ancient greek style clothing, and it was absolutely
brogan tionndaidh = leather shoes
Hamish stomped as he walked, but he did make his way to his room, muttering under his breath, "We're chemists, daddy, not scientists."
"I thought you'd gone," Sherlock isn't crying, but his voice, the way he's holding on to John's arm, Jesus.
John would say these vows to Sherlock, whether or not there would be time made for personal vows, or whether or not Sherlock would listen. He had to tell him. Whatever else happen, would happen.
John hooked his chin over Sherlock's shoulder, pulling his front nearly flush against Sherlock's back. Sherlock thought he felt warmer than he naturally should. John's voice and breath were right in Sherlock's ear as he spoke.
Sherlock sat up a bit. John gasped at more air and continued, "We went there on horses. We were riding back when you got hurt. You were thrown off your horse."
Mycroft decides to be brave, so he goes to Robert's office and knocks on the door. He hears a vet tentative sniffle (crying, rustling of papers, drawer shutting) and an answer to walk in. Mycroft pushes the door gently.
He pulls his sweatshirt close to him and rubs his hands together. He's wearing his bullet proof vest under the two layers of sweatshirt material.
John hung up the phone, lips pursed in a thin line. He inhaled shortly, "You will come home with us. I am only doing this as a favor to my best friend and his husband. I understand addiction, but I am less than thrilled about bringing a former cocaine addict into my home-"
As he was running his fingertips over Sherlock's back he fell into another wave of sleep. He woke again when the room was dark, and he jumped a bit when he realized he was alone in a cold bed. He stood up, falling back down when the blood rushed back to his head. He heard voices in the living room, Sherlock and Hamish, discussing something in hushed tones. He dressed, peeking around the bedroom door.
Robert cracks back in, "Mycroft, what's the plan?"
As they get up to leave, John watches Sherlock carefully folding up their conversations and putting them in his pocket. John attempts to pay, but Angelo rushes them out. Angelo signs some things to Sherlock, in which Sherlock turns red and uses a sign that John instantly recognizes to tell Angelo to
"You left."
John feels like giggling. He reigns it in.
John saw the hounds at Baskerville. He stood in front of Sherlock and shot them. Over and over and over. But they bit him. He had rabies. It burned and ached and he begged to be allowed to die. But Sherlock was safe. He was on the couch, eating takeout, while the hounds ate his flesh. But Sherlock was safe.
Sherlock was trembling, linking his fingers through John's. He needed to tether himself to here and now, to feel John's pulse in his wrist with his fingertips. Sherlock moved his torso so his mouth could press against the pulse in John's neck. John shifted, pulling Sherlock so the lanky detective was half laying on top of John.
John couldn't breathe. He let the towel drop to the floor, and went over to Sherlock, kneeling at his feet, "Please, Sherlock, is this my gift? You are so gorgeous."
John nodded his head, "Yes."
No answer. Sherlock moved to get off the bed. John blocked the door, "Sherlock, I am not going to hurt you, or keep you blocked in, but you need to tell me, why are you angry with me?"
"Well," she threw up her hands, "he must really like him! He introduced him to us, and he's cooking us all breakfast. This hasn't happened before!"
"For God's sake, you're on the floor, I've taken your bed, come here."
John looked up, "I'm not gaping at you-" Sherlock cut him off again, making the same
Sherlock took a jumping leap and grabbed Mr. Hudson by the forearm attempting to wrestle the gun out of his hand. He heard John yelling for Hamish. Mr. Hudson dropped to the ground, and as he wrestled with him, he was able to grab the gun and slide it away from his reach. With Mr. Hudson's hands free, he took his thick fingers and squeezed around Sherlock's neck. Sherlock felt the room go even darker as he gasped for air, as he felt himself shut down. Suddenly, the pressure was released.
Daemon sat up on his elbows, blinking up at Sherlock, "What are you talking about, Sherlock?"
John Watson was wearing his betrothed's tartan. He was staring into his face.
John moved himself closer to Sherlock, and he was aware of John's hipbone, his thigh, his chest. His chest and ears turned pink as he purposely shuffled himself so more of his body was touching John's. They leaned closer to one another, and John brushed his lips against Sherlock's, asking if he could kiss him. Sherlock nodded, and John replied with a kiss that was tender and passionate, rolling his body and arms so he pressed himself into him.
"Oh, Sherlock," John moaned, running water over his shoulders. He took some lavender, crushing it into the water. He took a cut plaid, dipping it into the water, swirling it into the lavender water. "How is the temperature?" John could see the goose pimples on Sherlock's back and arms, so he went to the hearth and grabbed the kettle of warming water. As he approached the metal tub, Sherlock said something that John couldn't quite understand.
He recognizes her eyes. Clear blue, multicolored, iridescent. Eyes he's only seen in one other human being.
John held Sherlock down onto his lap and thrust up. The tip of his cock skimmed over Sherlock's cheeks and hole. Sherlock was so wet it slid, just glancing, teasing against his entrance. John wrapped his arms around Sherlock, forcing Sherlock to hold onto him by wrapping his arms around his neck and his legs around John's waist. John twisted, lifting Sherlock from the bed and pressing him down against him.
John looked at the fire. Tavis tapped his knee to get his attention, "Lord Watson, I tell you this to encourage you. My cousin hardly knows how to behave around you now that he knows he loves you. He's so afraid that at any moment you will see the real him and leave him. He's always been smart, spoken exactly what's on his mind, and kept to himself with experiments. He's made himself to think he's unlovable."
John hardly finished a sentence with his parents when Hamish demanded to be passed the phone. Now eight years old, Hamish had never had tantrums, even when he was a toddler. This morning, John heard his son having a full blown meltdown.When nothing worked to quiet the child, John's parents relented and handed Hamish the phone. John had to stop outside the restaurant and let go of Sherlock's hand so he could plug one of his ears.
"Yes, Sherlock, I would be honored to marry you. I would love to be your husband."
Sherlock pulled himself closer, kissing John's shoulder. They sat, silent, lazily running their fingers along each other's arms, ribs. A knock at the door interrupted their cuddle.
For her to return
John blocked Hamish's view, but ran his fingers over Sherlock's arms. He kept his eyebrows raised as he touched both arms.
John rested his forehead on Sherlock's, their breath mixing together. Sherlock nodded, then tilted his chin up to give John a soft kiss. The stared at each other for a few moments before John started grinding himself against Sherlock in small circles. Reaching between their bodies, John dipped just the tip of himself into Sherlock, drawing himself out again. He then rubbed the tip all around the outside again, slicking the ring with precome and stretching out the muscle. John dipped in again, going a little further, circling the tip of his prick around the slick outside each time.
"No, you are."
Sherlock is shocked by the lack of real documents in the basement of Appledore.
It's a once in a lifetime occurrence; Mycroft Holmes calling in a favor.
"Hey, I don't want to intrude, but why didn't you ever come? Mycroft mentioned his little brother a few times. I even think he was trying to set us up on a double date but you never showed up."
"John....my stomach feels as if it burns and itches."
Anthea has set it up so there are varied targets at the end of the breezeway, and provided Mycroft with a variety of guns to try at various distances.
"He'll be sleeping on the couch, outside our door," the detective answered. Even if he weren't outside the door, the boy could probably deduce everyting.
"I don't want you to go. Hamish doesn't want you to go," John puffed out his lower lip in a fake pout, "But I know you have to. And we'll actually
Hamish didn't chastise them for the kiss.
Sherlock didn't stay for the home blessing. He ran, as quick as he could, back to his room. He sat on the floor, shaking, tears starting to pool up on his eyelashes. His bed, a mat on the floor, was covered with a beautiful patchwork quilt that his grandmother had made for him when he was a wee lad. When he was overwhelmed, he would stroke the fabric, running his fingers over the pattern, humming his mother's lullaby to himself.
He was so hot. This was so hot.
Sherlock slicks himself up, and they make love, crying, not even stripping, their pants barely to their knees. Sherlock plunges deeply into John, and John rocks against him, working on memorizing every nuance of Sherlock's groans, his hips, his neck, his lips. Sherlock comes quickly, spilling inside John and onto the bed. It takes John a few minutes later, as he's trying to breathe, to keep the great, large sobs from wreaking him. He's cried more these weeks than he's cried in years.
Sherlock put the two seats close together so they could still hold hands. John looked over at Sherlock, "Do you have any leads on the case? Or any ideas on how to proceed with the rest of the investigation?"
Sherlock opened the door slightly. His face turned pink, "Um, I'll talk to you when you're done. I just have two or three theories I want to run past you. And the Captain has invited us for brunch."
"Who are your friends now?"
"These small silver fox tails remind me of your eyes. Especially when they are wet with dew, early in the morning. I could stare into your eyes for days."
"You answer me. What do you want? Sherlock is bleeding, back in the hospital. What do you want? What are you playing at?"
"Daddy?" Hamish sniffled, "Are you okay? Is Mr. Detective with you?"
Sherlock put his hands on John's shoulders. His ribs were screaming at him. He prayed for the pills to kick in and that the pain wasn't showing on his face, "We're even, then. I've never talked about myself with anyone, either. Now, does he not get along with Greg's children?"
There was a pause on the line, then DI Dimmock continued, "What exactly is a Sherlock?"
Sherlock felt that he'd talked himself into a corner and he couldn't get himself out of it. He waited for John to feel insulted and march off, but instead he started laughing.
"Then why, Mr. Holmes, can you not answer a simple question on whose international mission you just barged in on? You thought it'd be funny? Fucking hilarious?"
"John. You know I wouldn't do this if it weren't for the
"Don't roll your eyes, it's rude." Sherlock said, staring at Hamish, eyebrows raised. Hamish stared back, "A simple yes or no will suffice."
"Not a sociopath...my sweet prince," John is cooing; Sherlock has never heard anything like it. He's shushing him, kissing him, wiping away his tears. He wants to tell John he loves him but he can't compare with John's wonderful words. Even though they've slept all night, his body is bone tired. He wants (itches, craves) to be held, rocked, comforted. He's never felt this way (never let himself). He's let John bathe him, dress him; he knows he's an adult, but he's been on his own for so long. Now John is here. John will always be here.
"Sherlock. Sherlock Holmes," He said loudly, hoping, however unlikely, that John could hear him.
John huffed, "Well, I'll be talking with Sherlock, alone, after breakfast. If he indicates you were too pushy, or too
The Americans clinked their glasses even louder and whistled. Sherlock tilted down and caught John's lips between his teeth and nipped at him, eliciting more whistles and a low moan from John. Sherlock whispered in John's ear, "Let's go out on the deck."
Hamish bounced up and down, grasping his hands in front of his face. He was absolutely buzzing, "Yes, papa!"
John snuggled closer to Sherlock's legs, no longer participating in the game. They decided to put the game away as the debate over the killer was growing more heated, and the smell of the food was distracting. John got up from the floor, and Sherlock patted the couch beside him, "Will you sit by me, for a minute?"
The doctor stood just inside of the doorway, white lab-coat, grabbing Sherlock's chart off the end of the bed. Hamish continued talking, "That's my daddy, most grown-ups call him Dr. Watson, or Captain Watson if they are his army buddies. He is very good at stitching and surgery and fixing people up and he's brave."
"Sherlock!!" He yells as loudly as he can. He sees Sherlock jump, spilling water out of the glass he's carrying towards him.
Billy continues his leisurely pursuit. Her hair is  a similar blonde color, possibly a bit darker, but most people who know her should be able to recognize her. She weaves into an alley. He follows, climbing up a fire escape so he can watch her from above. He is light and silent.
"Hello, Mr. and Mrs. Watson," Sherlock said, pushing his hair out of his eyes, "I'm Sherlock," He remembered the love mark John had left on his neck, but it was too late to do anything about it now.
"Go change into pajamas, get into bed, and I'll get you a snack, ok?"
"No, no," Sherlock shook his head, "Everyone in my clan shaves. It's just different. But I do like it. I think I do."
John wrote a note,
He didn't remember the nurses leaving, or Sherlock entering the room. He must have dozed. He woke when he felt a hand upon his cheek. John turned to the touch, then felt fingers grasp his left hand. He opened his eyes.
John, nervous and shaking, used the signs he practiced:
Sherlock shut his mouth. He watched John's smile quirk to the side and his eyebrow raise.
"No, just in general. In the future. Go out, as a real couple, and eat, watch a movie, and have a date," John fluffs Sherlock's hair, pulling up on his arm. He tugs on his IV line, wincing in pain.
Sherlock, his headache now just a dull pain behind his eyes, was sitting in a chair with a plaid draping over his head to provide shade. He sat weaving rope with his nimble fingers, listening to gossip from the clan of his
John bends down to where Sherlock is on the floor, looking into his face. John knows that look on Sherlock; he's trying to read him, interpret his voice, his clothing, his actions. John will give him no such satisfaction. Years of military training has taught him how to show nothing while dressing down a lower ranking official.
John laughs, the laugh that makes Sherlock thrilled to hear. Not a care in the world. Breathless, but coming deep from his belly, "You were talking, or wrestling around, or something. I decided to kiss you. In case it was a nightmare."
Cum do theanga ablaich gun fheum = shut up you idiot
"Will you lie with me without any plaids, my husband?" Sherlock asked, letting go of John's hand to unwrap the plaid from his upper body. He didn't wait for an answer as he unclipped his kilt and his brogues and socks, slipping under the covers, completely bare. He turned to watch John, beautiful John, keep his eyes on Sherlock as he took off all his clothing, piling it on top of Sherlock's plaids.
"Why won't John take care of me?" Sherlock tried to move forward, and he felt nauseous. He bent forward, his forehead on the ground, "I don't want Tavis. Or Mycroft."
Everything they do now must be more quiet. No violin, no yelling near the window, no leaving the flat without protection and disguise. But the memories, and the hope of living together, in love, in the future, keeps Sherlock's thoughts from spinning into a sulk or self pity.
"Sherlock," John looked up at him. The wet fabric was sticking to him, and Sherlock could see everything. His knees, his muscled thighs, the juncture of his legs, and his manhood jutting up and tenting the kilt.
Sherlock had to shut John's jaw with a quick snap of his forefinger. He was smiling at him, "I'll handle this, John." Sherlock stepped out of the hug, bent down and took Hamish's hand. They went into the living room together, whispering.
Sherlock had been in a state of anxious anticipation for so long he couldn't believe the day had arrived. He was happy that his family's future was secured, while also overjoyed and nervous with the idea of being John Watson's husband.
John's parents' bar,
His duty was now shifted to being sure members of the Network were driven out to Mummy and Daddy's village to keep an eye on them. He receives regular reports on their activities.
As they entered the dining room, John heard upbeat piano and cello music. They weaved around white linen tables until they arrived at the Captain's table. Sherlock guided John to sit next to a silver haired man and a blonde woman, obviously dyed. When they sat down, Sherlock discreetly moved his chair closer to John so their thighs were touching. John smiled at him. When Sherlock smiled back, John had to fight the urge to jump back up and kiss him senseless.
Sherlock pulled back, one hand on John's chest, the other still holding the jar of flowers, "You're wearing my plaid. I'm just supposed to wear yours. Why are you wearing my plaid? My tartan and colors?"
"But I like the name John," Sherlock interjected, at nearly a whisper.
Sherlock leaned into John, looking quizzically into his eyes, "The case?"
"You're ridiculous," Sherlock huffs, pushing his sweat damp curls off his forehead.
(See the end of the chapter for
Hamish saw him first, "Are you better, Mr. Detective?" He put his cards down, running to give Sherlock a huge hug. His head rested against his stomach, and instinctively, Sherlock stroked his hair.
" 'Lock, ssshhh, you're ok," Tavis started again, putting his hand on Sherlock's shoulder. Sherlock tried to bat it away, missing, flailing his hand in the air.
John cannot feel pity for Moriarty. He knows he should. He feels guilt pulling at his gut, but he pushes it away. Moriarty kept Sherlock from him,
Sherlock nodded, his stomach pooling with heat. John took the first vial of oil, putting the bag back on the floor. He ran the oil in between his fingers, keeping his eyes on Sherlock.
John dreams, finally, of sand and heat and gunshots. But he is pulled out of it by closer noises.
"Well," Robert begins, cheeks flushing, "Last time I saw you, that detective fellow was really keen to talk to you, I thought maybe you and he, were, you know. Together."
Sherlock then deduced that it was a copycat murder suicide. The husband, angry at the wife for cheating on him, gave her poison at gunpoint. Then, the husband, swallowed the same poison after disposing of the gun. He wanted their final act on this earth to be dramatic, and to make a statement, rather than just a simple shooting. He wanted them to be remembered, and to get back at his wife's lover by causing her pain in the last moments of her life.
They discuss work, their family. Mycroft would usually be bored talking to someone this long. He's not. Not bored at all.
Sherlock continued, "Are you concerned that you are in love or infatuated with a girl or boy at school?"
Sherlock knelt, putting his arm around John's waist. He hoisted John up to standing. John laughed, "You're much stronger than you look." Sherlock laughed. They walked together to a shaded area by the paddock. Sherlock laid John down gently onto the grass.
"It will involve you taking a week, maybe two, off work,"  Sherlock was crowding closer, "You'll be going with me, on a case," John huffed at this, "It's on a cruise. A cruise from Southampton to Norway."
The meet at the front door when they're done. They whisper, kiss into each other's necks; do their best to wipe each other's tears. They know, in every moment, breath, and movement they belong to each other and each other alone. Silent, they leave together, in Mycroft's car, holding each other's hands until John is dropped at Baker Street. John kisses him quickly and leaves the car. To dawdle would arouse suspicion.
"John...shhhh...I'm here. It's ok. Don't go where I can't follow. He's right. Mycroft is never wrong. But we will be ok. Put your hands down, let me see your eyes."
As his breathing returned to normal, he felt long fingers wrap around his hand that was clutched near his breast. A deep baritone responded, "You are alright. You always get nightmares the first night when you've changed your bed. You are home. You are with me, your husband."
"Alright," Sherlock breathed, watching John take the plaid and wash himself, "When we are done, can we try what you described?"
him from what he's supposed to be doing."
. I have exceptional taste in men. You, are amazing."
, sleep, he traced patterns lightly over his cream colored back. He traced circles and lines, running the marriage proposal over in his mind a few more times.
John is a soldier when he raises up off the floor. There is a mission to work through. Commanding officer has given the next order. John kisses Sherlock's head and helps him up.
My lassie is fair
"The time of death is throwing everyone off because the killer murdered them weeks or months ago, froze them, and dumps them after very slow defrost."
John looked back at Greg, "Wait, the sign language interpreter up there?"
John walked past the Captain's door, searching the hallway for any additional information. Any clues. He didn't see anything. No other paint or anything on any other surfaces.
"He said I was amazing and extraordinary. He didn't get mad when I told him that daddy called him an idiot. He thought it was good that I noticed the dead body was reaching for the alley, which is where the other victim was."
John felt Sherlock's warm fingers upon his. He grinned, looking at Hamish and then back at Sherlock. Hamish looked as if it were Christmas morning. John kept his eye contact with Sherlock while encouraging him to put the ring on him by moving his fingers.
John cleared his throat, "It's common after hitting one's head to have some memory lapse. You can be assured your brother can defend himself quite readily when needed."
The rustiling of clothing gets louder, more impatient. Mycroft must be sitting next to the chair by his bed, so Sherlock snaps his eyes open. There is no Mycroft. He sees the wide, blue eyes of a child not inches from his face.
John adjusted his arms so they were wrapped under Sherlock's shoulder blades, his palms cradling Sherlock's head. He leaned down, kissing Sherlock sweetly on the mouth, his cheeks, his eyelids.
Sherlock put his arm under John's, and helped him up, opening drawers and laying some things out in the bathroom. John was steadier on his feet now that his pain was under control and he no longer needed as much pain medication. The physical therapist had warned Sherlock, pulling him aside, that 'his arm will never be quite the same. He may not be able to work.' Sherlock had cried at this, desperately attempting to pull himself together before he helped John down off of the workout table. John had sacrificed everything for him, over and over and over. John had known, even though Sherlock had put on his mask and cleaned his face, and had told him, "I know. It's okay, I know."
John stopped touching Sherlock, but moved so he was making direct eye contact, "Sherlock, you can tell me, or you can choose not to. It's ok either way."
He asks Robert to lunch, Robert accepts. Easy.
"I need to talk to my network John,"
"No, I just...I think I'm shaking because I'm finally not so scared," John pulled up close to Sherlock, kissing him, tracing one of Sherlock's cheekbone's with a fingertip, "I was afraid I'd never see your beautiful eyes again."
Sherlock smiled, running his fingertips across his husband's cheekbones and lips. He used his thumbs to wipe the sleep from the corners of his blond eyelids. John sighed, pushing down into the mattress, his legs straddling one of Sherlock's. They rubbed against one another, their skin still soft from the oil of the night before. Sherlock sighed, and began to moan as his prick thickened with the heat and friction of his husband's thighs.
Sherlock stared at Hamish. John was breathing in through his nose, his neck was flushed.
She turns, that sick, dangerous smile on her face. As her attention is focused on Sherlock, the rest of the homeless network scatters. Samantha lays at their feet, her blood pooling around their shoes, but neither Mary not Sherlock move. She lowers her gun.
"When your daddy puts his head down, bites his lip, or turns away from you, that means he's frustrated by what you're doing. You have to learn to read those signals and change your behavior based on what you're seeing from others."
John pushed into Sherlock, adding his ring finger, driving his fingers in and out. With each thrust he pushed in deeper, watching as clear precome leaked and dripped on Sherlock's flat belly.
"I've got to run one more experiment with Mr. Detective. He's helping Uncle Greg with the case on the jealous babysitter. Uncle Greg isn't sure if it's the wife or the babysitter, so Mr. Detective is having to run analysis on everything in the house to see if they can pin down the murder weapon, " Hamish yawned, "I have school tomorrow, so I need to get the blood run to see what type it is-"
John continued, "I knew some interpreters from a few years back. Let me see if I can locate one of them. If I do, can I send them to the house?"
What would she do differently if she knew today was the day she was going to die? Would she regret?
"No, no. It's nice."
John tried to give Sherlock his most dazzling smile, "Whatever you want, whatever makes you more comfortable. I'm going to go upstairs and start sorting through clothes and begin packing. Let me know what the plan is, yea?" Sherlock nodded, almost imperceptibly.
Robert hands the paper with the note attached to Mycroft. Mycroft, still on his knee, takes the paper and the note, reading them both slowly. The newspaper listed an anonymous source with a potential expose to come in the future with more details and names. They headline specifies that members of government have earned their titles by sleeping with one another to raise their ranks and stations, or to earn higher assignments. The note, in Magnussen's hand, specifies that more information, and specific names,  will be placed in future papers.
"Please, my love, please. I love watching you. Come for me, love. My Sherlock."
seanmháthair = grandmother
Sherlock nodded, "Today is a break from physical therapy. I'm free for the day."
He didn't answer Greg, but continued to look at his phone, determining how to answer John. He was at work until midnight, but he wanted to hear his voice. He didn't want to be rude, but he really wanted to be alone. He loved his brother and brother in law but there was only so much he could take.
At this point in his career, with a Master's Degree from Carnegie Mellon, he should be in a large theatre. In New York. In London. Anywhere. Not in Kansas City, where the little theatre company that could (as he took to calling it in his head), had to rent out a different space for each production.
Sherlock hangs up his brother's call and keeps walking. He huffs into his fingers in an attempt to warm them. Sherlock wishes he could retreat to his mind palace to consider the information Mycroft has given regarding additional assistance.
John smiled, "I don't think that this is the most comfortable place for you to sit, Sherlock."
Hamish's eyes flitted from John to Sherlock, "Well,
"Jo-John?" Sherlock hated how small his voice sounded. But John turned and looked up at him. His smile was so bright.
- something he learned from you, by the way- but for once, I wish he'd deduce it and tell me everything. I have no idea. Did I push you? Did I hurt you? I - goddamn it, Sherlock, I am falling in love with you. And I'm telling you, because I want you to know. You're important to me, and I don't want to regret--" At this, John's voice and composure wavered, "I don't want to regret not trying. To tell you how I feel. I don't want to regret. No matter what you decide."
"Yes," He winced in pain, "My parents are on vacation and my brother Mycroft and brother in law DI Lestrade are going on a belated honeymoon. Didn't know if you'd," he kept coughing, "met him at the crime scene?"
Sherlock sits in a chair, having makeup and oil added to his face by Anthea. For pallor. To convey illness. To play his role.
"I will make him my responsibility. You love him Sherlock, so I will give everything to protect him."
Around the table were cries of goodwill and congratulations. John heard glasses clinking, and looked at Sherlock quizzically.
As the boy moved to go into the hallway, an older couple, in their mid to late 60s, entered the room. They were dressed in casual clothing, their hair messed in all directions on their heads. Silvery gray hair indicated they had been blonde when younger, and the grandpa had the same lopsided grin as the young boy.
"Oh Jesus, John," Sherlock pulls up to try and grab at John, to pull them together, but John blocks him with his knees.
John grabs onto Sherlock, lowering him, gingerly, carefully, into the arms of the emergency staff.
"Perfect," Sherlock answered.
always the videographer?"
"Nearly midnight. Do you have somewhere to go? Somewhere we can take you?" The young woman asks.
John stopped before hoisting the piece of board on the table saw, and gave Sherlock a dazzling smile, "Thank you."
Sherlock felt a bit dizzy with the crisp scent of rose oil wafting around him. He was not used to being perfumed. As Tavis led him to the head-side of the dining table, his family was milling about and shuffling to make room for all the cousins. Norris, Gavin, Price and Tavis had lived there for years with Mycroft and Sherlock, but Jamie and Eric were still visiting from the wedding, and presumably Greg hadn't taken Mycroft to his homestead yet. It was a full table.
He thinks of what parts of Sherlock are his favorite: definitely, his long, gorgeous fingers, his elegant neck, his hips, oh his arse is amazing...
He laid in his bed, listening to the sounds of John puttering in the kitchen, hoping they were sounds he would hear often, that he could hear forever. He fell asleep before John returned with the tea and toast.
In the middle of the night, Sherlock opened his eyes as he felt the mattress dip. John sat next to him, placing a candle on the bedside table. Sherlock exhaled, shifting his long legs under the bed sheets. John laid on top of the covers, on his side, facing Sherlock. He put his hand under Sherlock's head, cradling it, using his other hand to stroke his hair.
Looking around at the EMTs, up at the technicians, he felt no sense of peace. No sense of resolution. No collective sigh of relief.
Mycroft leaves them. They are to await further instructions; Mycroft will be bringing supplies. They are stuck here; they cannot leave. The destroyed Baker Street flat serves as a cover for their absence. Mrs. Hudson is safe with family for the time being.
"No, don't misunderstand me," Sherlock pulled him into a kiss, "If I'm overwhelmed it's because I'm so happy. I always expected to be alone.  And I'm just so happy right now. I feel as if I may float out of my skin."
Sherlock gets up, all legs, arms, crosses down to the end of the bed, is unsure. John gets on his knees, reaches, urges Sherlock to get in the bed with a pull on his wrist.
"Oh, bloody hell, Sh'lock...I'm trying...I'm trying not to be a mess. I love you."
"Absolutely not, Sherlock. You're supposed to be in hospital."
John grinned, following Sherlock into the restaurant. He noticed the people on the street who stopped to admire Sherlock, as he was an unusually handsome man. John walked close behind Sherlock so it was clear to everyone that they were together.
Sherlock felt warm, but he couldn't imagine feeling like doing
John kissed him back, enthusiasticaly, "Nothing to be sorry about."
"Sweet Jesus pull yourself together," John said, out loud. Sherlock turned around at that moment and saw him, and John wondered if Sherlock had heard him. Realizing that was ridiculous, he paid the cabbie and began walking towards Sherlock, thinking how frumpy he must look in his work scrubs compared to Sherlock's GQ look.
"You're my sun," Kissing him deeply, rubbing his back.
A religious radical attempts to blow up the hospital with a suicide bomb.
Your John.
Mycroft loves their parents, but there was a rift so deep it took years to fix. Sherlock was always sensitive and loved animals, but also loved morbid experiments and the macabre. He never had friends, and when Redbeard died, they'd gotten Sherlock some counseling. His father, in a slip of judgement, had an affair with the therapist. Pedestrian. Plebeian. Idiotic.
"No 'John' me. I'm Captain Watson. I'm giving you an order. Leave me be and do what I say."
There is a pause before Mycroft answers. Mycroft sounds murderous. Frightening.
Sherlock blinked a few moments, unable to speak. Though his cousins loved him, they'd always teased him a bit for his experiments and his desire to watch and learn how things work. Mycroft was the only other person who understood his curiousity and thirst for knowledge, and he swore he would lose that ability to experiment as much once he and his brother were married.
Sherlock took John's face in his hands and searched his eyes. John replied, "I know, I've been trying to tell you. I'm not very good at this either." John ran his fingers up and down Sherlock's ribcage. "Oh, John," Sherlock whispered, deep and breathy, wondrous and sleepy. John instantly loved
Sherlock inhaled sharply, "I won't pursue treatment, not," His voice broke, this acting was easy, imagining  John choosing anyone else over him, "not without John. Now that...now that it's clear to keep him alive he must stay with you."
John sucks in a breath.
Sherlock opened John's palm, letting his fingertips run over his raised nipples, his pectorals, his upper arms. He kept his own hands over John's forearms, following the pattern, looking down at his body's response. He was hard, aching, his legs and hips moving and seeking out release. Sherlock almost broke contact with John to touch himself but thought better of it. He moved John's right hand down to touch him, but John shook his head.
Whenever there is an open pit, or an open hole on the stage, regulations require that a shadeless, single bulb lamp be kept on an in the middle of the pit at all times. The lamp alerts everyone that there is something dangerous on stage.
John remembers the conversation with Sherlock, years ago: his brain was a locomotive, shaking, hurling off the tracks. For love, for John, how vicious could Sherlock be? To himself, to those near him?
. Why not
"A necessary evil, Dr. Watson," Mycroft sighs, "To keep you apart, so we can ensure you are safe and the plan moves forward. Moriarty, Sebastian, Mary."
"I look very forward to meeting him."
Gorgeous, tall, pale Sherlock. Normally physically intimidating and difficult to read, was laying underneath John, completely naked, looking up at John with absolute adoration. John felt his eyes well up, and tears were falling down his cheeks. Sherlock, keeping his eyes on John as long as he could, reaches into the drawer, grabbing the lube.
"John. Jo-hn," Sherlock was saying John's name in a playful, happy tone, singing it. John woke, Sherlock was sitting on the edge of the bed, rubbing John's hip. John had been home for seven days, and they hadn't talked in detail about the cruise. Their time had been filled with medication, helping John, and physical therapy. Sherlock had been sleeping on the couch so he didn't disturb or joustle John in the middle of the night. John's favorite part of the day was when Sherlock would come in the bedroom in the morning and kiss him awake.
They sleep in each other's arms until morning.
Sherlock yelped as John rutted against the bed, pushing into his fist. He popped off of Sherlock's cock, moving down lower to his hole. Sherlock groaned in anticipation. His cock jumped as John licked, gently, lapping and running his tongue against the pink bud. Sherlock drove himself further down onto John's tongue, amazed at how wonderful it felt to have John kissing him in that place.
"I know."
"Yes," Sherlock smiled, "You're learning my methods."
"They're spending a lot of time together?" John asked. He was grateful that he was dripping wet from the pool. He was afraid he might cry.
Did Sherlock break John?
" 'Lock!" Tavis admonished, sitting down beside Sherlock, pulling him close, "You're freezing! Your betrothed is beside himself. We need to get you back home."
"Why do you think it's important, Hamish? Why do you think he would
"Mycroft..." John whispers into the phone as he hears the ringing stop. The two men are on the phone with each other,  silent for a few moments, just listening to each other breathe. John knows Mycroft, respects him as the only other person who gets Sherlock, who understands the pit in their stomach when something goes wrong. Mycroft has been purposely absent during Sherlock's shooting, staying away during the first hospitalization. Mycroft explained that he had to help Sherlock "In other ways." This was before he knew the shooter was Mary...Jesus. The mother of his child. His wife. He can hear footsteps echoing in the phone, and he can hear steps behind him. Mycroft, in his infinite wisdom, followed them? Knew they were coming? He is suddenly behind John, grabbing his shoulder, John on adrenaline almost knocks Mycroft to the ground with a swift spin of an elbow to the throat.
They hold each other, move slowly until they are bare chest to bare chest, rubbing hands over each other in lazy circles. The touches are small and infrequent compared to the words; fragments and stops and starts, low and whispered for only each other.
John ran his fingers down Sherlock's neck, over the love bite. He lined up his cock over Sherlock's entrance, teasing him, his hot, dark red cock a contrast against Sherlock's alabaster skin. He rubbed the tip of his cock up and down and around, just barely dipping in and out of his entrance. Sherlock tried to push back, but John would hold him still with a palm on his neck or his upper back, forcing him just to take very small nudges of his cock.
"Jesus fucking Christ," Billy huffs, pushing back on his heels to turn and chase after Mary. He sends a text to Sherlock.
There is dealing with our problem. Our
Gavin put his hand on his stomach and roared back and laughed, "Oh no, laddie, I caught you. It was you that was swooning. She had access to you under your kilt."
"Mycroft?"
John hears more mumbling, talking (Mycroft?) and arguing (yes, must be Mycroft) and he feels a cool rag on his neck. He hears a female voice and he panics, (God, no, not Mary. Please, not Mary. Keep her away from Sherlock!)
He brings the flannel to Sherlock, kissing him awake, pecking kisses against his chest, his neck, jaw.
The man in the bed popped up slightly, pushing up on his elbow. He looked over Sherlock, tilting his head, "May I ask a question of you?"
"Not yet. I'm waiting for it to hit more news stations, to presumably reach the cardiac rehab hospital in Birmingham."
Sherlock grinned, "Do you want to see some more?"
John thinks to himself that Sherlock cannot love, because Sherlock cannot trust. He assumes everyone, even his best friend, is an idiot. An army doctor, a captain, a sharpshooter, a man willing to die for his love, for his friend; an idiot. On the same level as Anderson.
Sherlock pulled away and looked extremely uncomfortable, "Did I do something wrong?"
"No. You wouldn't have liked me then," Sherlock stroked John's back thoughtfully, "We need to stop hugging. It's not one of the 35 approved methods of back or rib adjustment."
"John?"
Roderick stares at John. Sherlock grabs at John, holding him, "John, now is not the time, my love. Soon. You saw the photos. You've seen him before. Now is not the time."
Something in the back of his mind hoped a new meeting, a start over, would be better.
"He's going to help Sherlock and I with a project-"
Soilleir was used to the family dynamics, loud noises and celebrations. Laoch, a stallion that had been living alone with a bachelor, was not.  John was slowing down to approach the Holmes clan. As the family began hollering and yelling in joy for the men's return, Laoch began to spook. Sherlock was accustomed to horses, so he rubbed the horses neck and grounded the horse down with his thighs and pelvis. However, the horse was terrified and irrational. He reared up, tossing Sherlock. Sherlock saw the back of the horse's head, then in a flash saw the stallion's belly and the bonfire and John in the distance upside down.
He writes Joseph Green a thank you note and leaves some money to repay them for the clothing and the packet of bread, meat, cheese, and apple he puts in his pocket.
Before John could protest, Greg had grabbed his arm and dragged him to the front, easily visible to the interpreters. John was transfixed for a moment, watching them sign back and forth, curious about what they could be communicating. After a few minutes, the tall bloke turned over to look at them, then gestured to the female interpreter. The female interpreter came over, her face red.
"Shh, go back to sleep, I need to take care of something."  John dresses, shaking out his nerves in order to take two cabs and a bus to meet Mycroft.
Before he closes his eyes, he puts his weapon back together, taking the safety off. He tucks it right under the couch where he can easily reach it.
to the end of the sentence, but he stops himself. The idea of marrying Sherlock, even just for a case, has propelled his brain forward in joyful hope.
It was 12pm, he was dressed and ready to go, then he realized he wasn't sure where the wedding was to be held. When he went into the hallway, he saw Julie. She was beaming at him, "I've come to collect you. Your bridegroom is waiting for you. He looks just as smashing as you do!"
John had no idea
Hamish began speaking, "He has some but I don't really think so because they're not here-" The grandpa squeezed Hamish's shoulder and he was quiet.
"Aren't you going to hold me?"
"I'm Cheryl, and this is William," She smiles, "Please, come over."
Daemon stopped talking as the front desk attendant brought over a folder to Sherlock, handing it to him with a nod. He looked over Sherlock's shoulder as he read the steps for the internship application.
She's mine and she's lovely
John felt affection and love from every pore. Beneath him, spread out as a alabaster statue, was the most beautiful man he's ever seen. He trusted John implicitly, and had given himself to him, body and soul.
"And for the record," John squeezes Sherlock tightly to him, puts a hand on Mycroft's shoulder, forming a circle, "The two of you care. Far more than you'd like to admit. Far more than you want to show. I'm glad..." John coughs, finds it difficult to continue, "I'm glad you're both here with me. That we are all in this together."
He searches for John, pesters Mycroft, after his smaller plane had touched down back in England.  He had ridden the separate plane to and from so if he were targeted, John and Mycroft would be safe. He thought he'd been loving, kind, and brave to beat John there so he could suss out what Moriarty wanted before his brother and John went in there guns blazing.
"You play violin, too?"  John tilted his head to study Sherlock's face, "Are you serious?"
After plates had been cleared, and the check paid (by Sherlock), they walked back to Sherlock's flat. Sherlock knew the first night alone would be difficult. Before kissing him goodnight at the front door, John made sure he had his mobile and work numbers, "in case of emergency."
"There's no connection, Robert, between our departments. There's no proof that anything we do influences each other's career. We've gone to lunch once."
He thinks through his options, unsure of how to proceed. John is mad. If he snuck up on him, he may cause him to fire his weapon, fight him, or run.
John didn't speak at first, looking over Sherlock's face, "Even if something had happened, Sherlock, it wouldn't have been your fault. Thank God it didn't, but none of this was your fault."
Then his heart stopped. In John's arms. And John couldn't watch Sherlock leave him again. And Sherlock understood John.
Sherlock suddenly interjected, "Let's all go home."
John dreams of rain, and the wind. He doesn't dream of the desert.
Sherlock has spent all day writing, typing, editing. Mycroft is on his way over to the flat with some food and movies for John (Sherlock hopes he's happily surprised.) John is still asleep in their bed. They'd spent most of last night wrapped around each other, facing each other under the blankets.
Robert trips over his words, "Well, I mean...I told her. Dammit." He looks down a minute, then rests his forearms on the table to lean forward and look at Mycroft, "Yes, I wanted to, ask you out. She told me, not to, because you were seeing Graham-"
me show off, yet!"
The second date John and Sherlock had planned was cancelled. Case #545 happened instead.
"I need to know what to look for! It's really important. In this case the police are currently working, they say Mr. Wiggins killed Joseph Brandow-"
John tries to breathe as he feels more tears welling to the surface (is he always crying now?) and he grabs onto Sherlock tightly. Sherlock rubs his hands up and down John's back, kissing his forehead, his neck. He gently picks up his chin again, they are looking into each other's eyes. John is still gulping back sobs, now gripping Sherlock's arms.
John re-enters the cabin like he owns it. He leaves the door open for Sherlock and sits on the couch. Sherlock follows, looking around the cabin, eyes settling on John.
"Sherlock, Sherlock," John moaned, feeling against his lover's neck, keeping time with the pulse point there, "I love you. I've never loved anyone like this. I love you."
"Your lips, and your cheeks, John, have natural, beautiful color," Sherlock kept eye contact, noticing John's pupils dilate, "I love how they flush this gorgeous peach shade when you're embarrassed. I wouldn't cover it, I would just match that color, and place a little more on your face, so everyone could see," Sherlock gently placed some light peach rouge on John's cheekbones, rubbing it in gently with his fingertips, and his thumb. He was touching him far more than was needed, and kept one hand on his knee.
As they entered the room, they came face to face with two men sitting on either side of a small, run down table.
John chuckled into the back of Sherlock's neck, "Usually, this happens after, uh, other activities that leave both parties quite tired, quite sleepy. It's nice."
"He was blabbering on about how we need to stay together," he wipes his face, his eyes, letting his imagination go. Times away from Sherlock. When Sherlock was bleeding. When he didn't believe Sherlock could feel things that way, "For the good of us. The good of the baby." John finds tears are so easy, he's nearly sobbing, he breathes, willing himself to focus.
"No, I'm stronger than I look," Sherlock gingerly sits on John's lap as John pushes the chair away from the table to make room. John hugs him tight, kissing at his arms and neck.
Sherlock finally shook Tavis free, straightening out his plaid. Jaime laughed, "He's giving you a speech just like your Ma would when you would get into one of your sulks."
Sherlock reached out to William, patting his hand, "It was an honest mistake. You're not going anywhere. I need you with me."
"I'm just sad he's sad," Hamish said, pulling his blanket and elephant closer, "I'm glad you're here. He came inside and slept on the floor and didn't cry the rest of the night. I told him you're very nice and he agreed, saying that you're very nice, too."
He dreams. Pleasant dreams during his slumber; the last kisses he remembers with Sherlock, tea, the view outside their flat.
They smacked against their flesh, sweating, growling and yelling. John had never felt this way about anyone. He loved him so dearly. He turned Sherlock's jaw back towards him to nip kisses at him, almost slipping completely out of him.
"John," Sherlock says, "Thank you...."
"Robert, he'd been stationed, as a spy, from the Czech Republic, and he became friends with Roderick. He found him. His history checks out." Mummy and Daddy hold each other's hands, but do not speak.
There is a bed, a table, a couch, kerosene lamps, very small kitchenette.  John takes the covers off the couch, shaking out the dust. He decides he will kip just for an hour, at most, then continue. As his eyes begin to droop, he notices a small pantry in the kitchen. If there is food, he may take some more, leaving more of his money behind as repayment.
6 days. Magnussen. Then Mary.
John could only nod. The owner brought out a tray with two matching rings, "They are titanium with charcoal inlay. Titanium is fairly indestructible, so it's popular among soldiers, funeral directors, firefighters, anyone in dangerous or messy lines of work." He gestured for each man to try theirs on. John's fit perfectly, and it was incredibly light.
"You have your brace off? Are your ribs better?"
They were black, and slightly large at the toe, but looked sharp against the gray and white socks, the black and white sporran, and the plaid pattern of reds, greens and yellows.
John watched Sherlock's mouth, quiet and fascinated by the ache of love for this man. He stopped, and John kept his fingers laced in between Sherlock's, their hands joined and lying between them on the bed. Sherlock smiled, and John responded, laughing.
Sherlock understands what it must be like to be in other peoples' brains. John is talking, exactly how Mycroft would talk to him when he was little. He doesn't understand. John didn't want him there? Didn't want him to be with him? Distraction? John was just distracting him, with what?
John slowed, finally pulling away, wiping himself and Sherlock off with the bed linens. The sun brightened the room, and as Sherlock crawled on top of John, the light reflected behind him, casting his curls in a glow. He kissed John sleepily, comparing the feel of his mouth to the feel of the skin of his chin or behind his ear. John tossed a sheet over both of them as he heard steps approach the door.
"I need to sit," John reaches back for the bed, nearly falling on the bed sheets and blankets crumpled on the floor.
"No, I don't want to bother you..."
Sherlock pushed his long curls away from his eyes and flipped them back behind his shoulders, "I do not sulk."
Mycroft, expecting another shy smile, or an invitation to sit down, stops short of entering the room completely. Robert is looking at him through lidded eyes. A newspaper is on his desk. He picks it up, shaking it at Mycroft.
John notices how Sherlock's coat and clothes are damp and rumpled. His pants and shoes are splayed with mud. As he's watching him, Sherlock takes damp letters out of his coat pocket. He unfolds them, reading them to himself, then refolds them.
The beep of a heart monitor, carts rolling in the hallway, shuffling of clothing nearby. He's in the bed nearest the door and turned on his side, facing the middle of the room. A nurse has wedged a pillow behind him. He feels stitches pull and itch across his legs and his ribs are wrapped tightly with linen that starts under his arms and ends at his navel.
luaidh = cherished one
The observer would have described a man willing to destroy, or be destroyed; a hurricane. They would not have been able to tell you the man standing there, overlooking the city from his brother's flat, gripping his mobile until his knuckles were white and red, was Mr. Mycroft Holmes.
painted red with a message.
"Oh for fuck's sake. Mycroft gets married before Sherlock and I?"
"Sherlock. My mind is full of memories I'd like to forget. Tell me, please. What is like a Jane Austen novel?"
(See the end of the chapter for
John fidgeted with his BSL app as they drove on to the station, desperately trying to learn at least a few more signs before he left Sherlock's presence. He searched, but was unable to figure out the difference between the sign for
No one wore the same multi striped tartan pattern that Sherlock wore. He stood at the end of the crowd, watching everyone talk and circle around each other's groups. In watching the milling crowd, he deduced the deep red tartan was for relatives of the Lestrades who had married into the clan. The green blue were distinguished guests from a neighboring clan of the Holmes with whom his mother was working towards an alliance.
Sherlock's knees feel weak so he bends them slightly and reminds himself to breathe. He will not, cannot, give her the satisfaction of seeing him faint. She has outmaneuvered him again; his only consolation, only hope, is that she still truly believes Moriarty is dead. He is their last Ace.
Sherlock lays on the bed, facing John, their favorite position as they had determined. Close enough to whisper, touch, and look into each other's eyes. "Why do you keep calling me your prince?"
Robert is good on his word.
-----
Sherlock let go of John's hand and stood in front of Harry, she backed up, dropping her hands from her brother's face. "Harry, you know your brother," Sherlock's voice cracked, "He goes over safety multiple times. Jim Moriarty inspected it. Everyone cleared it. Don't put ideas into his head-"
He keeps his eyes on Mary. Mary's look is hard, but she doesn't say anything.
"Sherlock, look at me, please," John tipped his head up, catching Sherlock's face, "I've tried so hard to tell you. But you didn't seem to be listening. I want you. I'm in love with you."
When they arrived back at the home, John parted to lead his stallion and Sherlock went up to his room. Though it was only nearly noon,  he felt tired. When he arrived in his room William was pouring boiling water into the copper tub. John Watson's betrothal clothes had been refreshed and laid on the bed with a satchel of dried lavender and mint.
John doesn't understand.
"Still," he sniffs, "Let them talk."
It was a musty shop full of antiques, books, and a cabinet in the front under the register full of loose gems, rings, necklaces, broaches and earrings. The owner looked up from his crossword puzzle when he heard the bell clang above the door.
"I've missed you," John groans into Sherlock's mouth, "Now fuck me,"
Sherlock attempted to talk, but he kept coughing, only able to convey with a raspy voice that he could only breathe shallowly. As Hamish sat and read a book, John looked over Sherlock thoughtfully.
Tavis stepped back to inspect his work. Sherlock tried to touch his hair as a reflexive gesture and Tavis swatted his hand away.
"Sherlock," John said, turning over, grabbing at him, pulling him close, "Baby, are you ok?"
"You're here?" Sherlock's voice is cracking as he leaves the bed, strips down to his boxers, and returns to bed; both now under the covers. They hold onto one another, as if they are drowning, grabbing each other for buoyancy.
John sits, the breeze moving across his face, he opens his mouth but he can't think of anything to say. The normally impatient Holmes brother allows him to sit a moment, to process. Mycroft begins again.
-----
"-and then extract Roderick with his connections. He's willing to die, Mummy, for us and I hardly know him-" Mycroft tries to hiccup breath, but he can't. He feels his face flush, his chest constrict. He's never felt this way in his life; he's terrified, remembering the pain from before, sad when they had to send Roderick away, holding Sherlock while he wailed over Redbeard, surely, but this is too much.
Sherlock lays on the couch, wearing his own bullet proof vest and 4 (John thinks only three) nicotine patches. John is in the kitchen, wearing his bullet proof vest, humming. The vests are new material; slimmer than any he's ever seen. To help the illusion, they decide to wear them as much as possible so it shows off as natural movement.
Sherlock did his best to keep from spilling the water from the jar as he ran, but as it was, the jar was nearly empty when he rounded the ridge and came upon his homestead. The scene reminded him of his brother's ceremony, but no one was sitting as there were no benches set out. Everyone was standing and talking. He imagined this was due to the fact that John was as anxious to leave as his letter conveyed.
seen, while Sherlock was saddened that almost all of John's international travel was for military assignments. John knew Sherlock loved his parents and brother, but he spoke of his insanely protective brother the most. Sherlock was happy for John that the rockiest part of his childhood was being caught in the backyard kissing his high school rugby player boyfriend, Michael. This had ended John's years of fear about coming out to his family, as they'd always known, but were waiting for John to say something first.
"Love, Sherlock," She stopped on the last syllable of his name, taking his hands in hers, "Is a choice, is a decision. You can be attracted to someone, like a moth to a flame, but to love, that is a decision. An action verb. Greg came with Mycroft last night because he loves Mycroft, and wanted to help him. Mycroft wanted to help his brother. They can, and do, say they love you with words. But they act it out. John acted out love by caring for you. Hamish acted out love by opening up to you. And you may not be able to call it love yet. John may have said things, that he's attracted to Greg, but what do the words matter? What do the actions say?"
John woke to a smell of pancakes and the sound of giggles. His back ached from being in and out of bed for most of the last 24 hours. As he rolled up and sat on the edge of the bed, he heard Hamish yell, "Papa, Daddy's finally awake!"
Sherlock is pushed, is turned back around, arms  grasped by an operative. John imagines this must be all for show, a soundless video for Mary.
The man didn't take invitation to stop talking. He chattered on.
Robert and Roderick load their gear, rifles, themselves onto the helicopter to collect Mycroft. Roderick is in full riot gear, tucked in the back of the helicopter, no one will see him through the dark glass, even if they do wake up.
Sherlock breathed a little easier going to the lunch table knowing his cousin was at his side
John was very close to Sherlock's shoulder. Sherlock couldn't turn to look into his eyes anymore, but he kept talking, "I'm sure I'm not his father. Never slept with a woman."
leannan = sweetheart
"John, not now, John." Sherlock grabs at his arms, searching his face.
Mycroft drops his coffee.
"I know," John put his hand on Sherlock's knee. He was on the floor now, looking up. He looked so young, so like Hamish, open, wide eyed, just waiting for an answer.
John brought out from the folds of his kilt a handkerchief. It was white and delicate, and embroidered on the edge was the filigreed initials J. H. W.
Hamish put his pencil down, turning so he could look at John and Sherlock, "How do you know when you love someone?"
John knows he didn't have Sherlock's clever and quick mind, but he wonders if this was a bit of what Sherlock felt like. Moving people like chess pieces around in his mind, replaying their actions and their counter actions. How to keep everyone safe. How to tell Sherlock, when it's all over, how to explain that they did it to keep him safe from Mary. And Magnussen.
Sherlock did his best to not scream at the boy, "Can you get your father, please? I can't get out of bed. It hurts too much." Sherlock exhaled, more tears squeezing from his eyes.
"Captain John Watson. My vehicle broke down. Can you give me a ride to the next town?"
Sherlock was dumbstruck.
"It's just personalities."
Sherlock stripped down, sinking into the nearly too hot water. As his skin turned pink, he scrubbed at it with the ball of soap William handed him. After a few moments, he crushed fragrant leaves into his bath water. Sherlock raised his eyebrows in a question.
Molly and Sherlock looked at him, Molly's eyebrow tweaked and Sherlock's face completely unreadable. John stood there, wondering how he had managed to come across as an inconsiderate arsehole to two strangers within the span of one presentation. The three of them didn't say a word. They just stared, and John felt his face heat up, but he held his ground. When the next speaker began to test the microphone, the two interpreters left him standing alone by the coffee.
"Why?"
Sherlock scooted closer, ignoring his ribs, tossing pillows aside, "Hamish is a great little boy. With a great dad. Mycroft has talked about you both. He doesn't say things he doesn't mean, and he thinks Hamish is delightful. Greg has children, does he play with them?"
"May I kiss you? And touch you?" John asked, pulling the blankets back. Sherlock nodded. John used his oiled hands to rub the oil across Sherlock's manhood, pulling the oil up in between his legs to his entrance. Sherlock groaned, feeling exposed, oil running over every intimate part of his body. John pushed his thumb into Sherlock's entrance, just slightly, as John kissed him. The kisses started tentative, then turned heated, as John began to alternate stroking him and pressing into his body.
Mary is in a spare bedroom, Mycroft and Sherlock are sharing one, Billy is floating around.
John raised an eyebrow, "What are you talking about?"
They fall sleep like spoons in a drawer with John's arm under Sherlock's shoulder. Both of John's arms are reached around his beloved's torso at an angle so that their fingers are laced around each other's.
John turns, and Mycroft is biting his cheek. His eyes are watery. A trick? John out of his mind? Both Holmes brothers, crying?
Sherlock isn't hardly breathing.  He stares, eyes open, into John's eyes, then turns his head to face Moriarty.
"Oh sweet Jesus-" John reached for the phone.
Mycroft pushed back into Sherlock, wrapping him into a large hug, "Sherlock, why are you worried about John? What is wrong?"
"Sherlock, what is wrong?" John reached out and put his hand on Sherlock's shoulder.
Hamish turned again to Sherlock, "So, Mr. Detective, do you go to crime scenes all the  time? Are you friends with Uncle Greg? He has parties and I've never seen you before. I go and play games with his kids, but sometimes they get tired of playing with me because I play different games-"
Mycroft is pacing, rubbing his hands against the black and silver wallpaper, over the yellow smiley face and the bullet holes. Sherlock's breath hitches; he remembers the basement of his mind palace where he was at war with Moriarty, with himself, forcing his heart to restart.
"That's my husband! I demand to see my husband! John, open your eyes. I'm here. John!"
As he watched the father and son make pancakes, Sherlock could see the back of John's neck and ears were red.
John knows he has to feign interest in Mary, the baby (non baby), but his skills can only carry him so far. He cannot put on different faces or pull tears on command like Sherlock. For something to sound true, or to come out of him with conviction, he has to believe in what he's saying.
John wishes Sherlock were here to share the joke; for now, he has to turn his head and purse his lips.
Sherlock said John's name tenderly, as a mother, to remind him that he was there when John was lost in his own thoughts. When John returned from a failed date, the loss of a patient, or an especially grating fight with Harry, Sherlock made tea. He would make his tea, exactly how he liked it, and hand it to John by nudging the cup to his fingers. This gesture, all while saying
Sherlock wrinkled his brow, "But we don't have any family jewels. We have some gold, but no large jewels. And if we did, why would you want people you hardly know putting their hands all over them?"
John pulls Sherlock's curls so they are eye to eye, "Forever, you're mine, I'm yours. Please. Please. Say it, tell me,"
"No. Listen. And listen good. Did commander Mycroft invite you to join? Did he tell you to meet us at the rendezvous point?"
John leads the group into the barn structure. It is already set up, thanks to the local 'homeless network,' with rope, benches, and small lamps. John hates torture and interrogation. He hates thinking that these men may just be pawns and may have no idea what they're doing. He thinks of Sherlock, and Mary, and strengthens his resolve.
He needs to see Sherlock, but the route must be clear. Mary believes he's currently breaking, or already broken up, with Sherlock. That her threat worked. He can't be seen heading to Sherlock now. But he's desperate to see him. Wipe away whatever Mary did.
"John, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.."
John feels Sherlock suck in a breath and leave his lap all at once. He jumps up and nearly tackles Mycroft in an awkward hug of limbs and shaky "thank yous." Mycroft gives John a look of wonderment, and John truly believes his protection may be the reason for the brothers' first physical expression of affection.
Sherlock shoved his phone in his back pocket, running back outside and down to the police station. He had motive, reason and some proof, and now to turn it over to the authorities. He smiled, giggling, covering his mouth as he chastised himself, "I can't giggle, someone died for god's sake."
. The next week, they were chasing after a criminal, Sherlock skidding into some trash and knocking himself out cold. John yelled, browbeat, and forced his way into the ambulance, the hospital, the MRI room. He used his Captain Watson voice and stood anyone down that tried to keep him from Sherlock.
John smiled, scooting closer and patting his knee, "You'll need to do some research on Victorian flower meanings." He looked out the window, leaving Sherlock alone to his thoughts for a moment. When they arrived at their flat, it took Sherlock extra time to exit the car, as he was cradling the flowers to his chest to keep the water from spilling.  After they were inside the flat, he put them on the table in the sitting room, near the sunlight. Sherlock stood by the window, looking out at the street.
John lowered himself down, Sherlock coming down with him. They rolled over, Sherlock helping John with his left arm, until they were wrapped around one another, on their sides, facing each other. John kissed Sherlock and growled, "You're not sleeping on the couch tonight," and pulled his fingers through his hair.
He wonders on what countdown day that Sherlock will notice his note.
John knew he must have looked an absolute fool. His fingers were tingling, his face was  pink with anticipation. He went with Sherlock to brunch, proud of the beautiful man on his arm. As they neared the restaurant, John called his parents. He felt like a teenager, reporting back to them that they'd have to keep Hamish for a while.  Sherlock and he were on a date and working things out.
"Sherlock," Tavis began, swirling the mead around in his cup, "You're dressed in your potential betrothed's tartan. Your mother is declaring in front of everyone that you are betrothed by matchmaking."
John resurfaced as if he were coming up from underwater. For a moment, he thought they had just buried him at sea, not knowing he was still alive.
Greg gestured to the front stage. The only person on the stage was a nurse in her 70s preparing her notes on the first topic of the day,
Sherlock looked at John, biting his lip. John had scooted a bit closer to him, one knee popped up on the couch, his other leg dangling to the floor. His arm was on the back of the couch.
"Mr. Jim Moriarty," Mycroft clips, not even allowing the other man to start speaking, "I suggest you quit with the clandestine secrets. We have to work together."
Price interjected, "Oy, Sherlock, you need to get used to this. Dressed as you are. You're going to be showing off your family jewels to your own laddie soon enough."
. It didn't work. The realization, the declaration, would have to wait for potentially even more tragic circumstances for their feelings to come to light.
Sherlock tried to sulk, on his own he could easily lay on his couch for days, stuck in his own mind. Today, when he tried to retreat to his mind palace, he was drawn away by the giggling in the front room. There were accusations and deductions and it was louder than his house had ever been. He decided to get up and at least have his sulk around other people.
"No. I mean, they haven't said, but Mummy may know. She's like Sherlock and I."
Sherlock also noticed Greg and John talking amongst themselves, but he tried to not pay attention. He simply did the work as he'd always done it, but he did get John's medical opinion on the cause of death. John determined, with the vomit present on the woman's lips, that there was something more than a gunshot that caused her demise.
He didn't have a husband. He never would have a husband.
------
Sherlock sighed, letting Gavin wash his face. He assured them he was fine, that what he really needed was to be washed, some food and to sleep. Eric agreed to run and find William and Price went to find John. Tavis took Sherlock back to his room, where he'd returned to staying since he'd recovered after his fall. John had taken to saying good night to Sherlock and sleeping outside, working on pieces of their future home by torch light and lamps.
In the kitchen Mycroft makes coffee and sits, watching birds at the bird feeders. He hears Robert's door open and he calls for him quietly.
"Last role was Salieri in Amadeus, talked about how dying would be part of fame, and he wanted to live a life to fame-"
When they'd nearly run out of money, they locate Billy talking to another homeless man. John ruffles his hair back off his forehead (Jesus, he needs a haircut) so he can clearly see the men in front of him. Billy's jumpy, nearly runs when Mycroft calls his name.
John lays under Sherlock, rubbing his hands under his shirt, feeling his ribs, kissing him deeply. He pulls his coat off of him and attempts to lay it over the back of the couch, but it slips to the floor. Sherlock giggles.
John smiled, letting the reins up and allowing Soilleir to finish the familiar pace to the stable, "No, just to spend a bachelors' handfasting honeymoon. I will then move into our house on the Holmes homestead."
Sherlock opened his mouth, John held up his hand.
As they settle in their seats, Sherlock began, "To what do we owe this pleasure, Mycroft?"
The introduction to the spouse and the planning of a wedding will need to wait for another day.
"It was a gift, from a grateful widower. I proved his wife's death was accidental, and not a murder as the police were first led to believe. It's just been me, so it seems wasteful, and I keep meaning to sell it….."
liath-uaine = grey-green
Sherlock smiled, "Like I said, I think you're perfect," he cleared his throat, then kept going, "If I'm going to just highlight your features so the audience can see them more clearly, this is what I would do." He paused, mixing up some foundation and eye makeup, and rouge.
John is shaking, reaching his arms out, moving his fingers. He feels along the bed sheets, runs his fingers against his arms, and feels tape and something itching. John starts to pull at the tape and he hears Sherlock's voice in his ear, "Sshh, John, leave it alone. You're ok."
John came, shaking, and he and Sherlock collapsed. The build up was so long that the actual event was over quickly. John pulled out, kissing his back and neck, "Oh, Sherlock, are you alright? Please. Say something?"
"God, please no, younger, if anything else-"
Silence.
John was using love, sentiment, as a way to keep Sherlock from seeing their plan. John and Mycroft.
With his thighs quivering, Sherlock removed his hand from John's back and snapped him upright a bit more. His long fingers bit into both of John's hipbones and he drove into John's hole with one long, punishing thrust. John felt like the inexperienced one, the near  virgin, as Sherlock drove into him, straight and hard and quickly, digging fingers into his hipbones. He came, and they collapsed onto the bench.
John crinkled his eyebrows, "You, you texted me?" Sherlock searched his face. He knew John well enough to know he was a terrible liar. He'd at least told him the truth.
"What do they normally say?"
"No, no. John. I'm so happy. Please."
Appledore.
John barely makes it to the cabin before the rain; it's still quite light outside in the late afternoon sun. He knocks and knocks, but no one answers. It's abandoned; a vacation cabin. He doesn't even have to pick a lock to get in. The door cracks open with a solid push.
"You are gorgeous, prìseil. You are wrecked. I love you upon my lap. Your  skin glistening in the morning light, beautiful curls over your eyes. Your legs wrapped around my waist. I cannot wait to have you fully."
John and Sherlock are in their bullet proof vests. Robert, Mycroft and Roderick all know that John and Sherlock would rather die together than one live and the other perish, so it took Mycroft physically snapping them on the two men.
He'd received a few texts and a call from John in the midst of the case. He'd only texted back that he was on a case and he'd talk when he was done.   The one call he could tell Hamish had been terribly upset by Sherlock's absence. John had been trying to cover it up by keeping the phone away from him and muting the sound with his hand. Sherlock asked John to text only after that call, in case he was at a crime scene.
Whe'rer she go
John looks at Sherlock, searching, then pulls him in. Their lips rub, nipping, gently, at each other's, the only bodily contact John's hands on Sherlock's face. John wraps his arms around Sherlock's neck and back as they dip backwards just slightly, so Sherlock can kiss more deeply, wrapping his arms around John, pulling him to him, nearly every part touching from shoulders to shins.
As they arrived at Sherlock's flat, Sherlock was bounding out of the cab before it was fully stopped. He carelessly threw some money at the cabbie. He went to the door, hearing John behind him. As he opened the door, he wished he could've blocked the scene from John.
Hamish grinned, "Daddy's teaching me how to shave. Daddy is shaving because-" John gave Hamish a look, "You'll find out!!" Hamish yelled, running back into the bathroom and nearly losing his towel in the process.
Sherlock held his hand out. In one sweeping motion he pulled John up and over, sitting him on his lap. John giggled, hiding his face in the crook between Sherlock's neck and shoulder. Sherlock's rumbling laugh resonated in John's chest, and Sherlock's arms circled around his doctor.
Sherlock looks down, barely at a whisper, "Is that not good?"
"I don't want anyone else. I've not…I don't do this, Sherlock," John was pleading now, taking a step closer, "I know we've not really…been together all that long. But I've not been interested in anyone else for years. I assumed I'd always live alone."
"Sherlock, has your mother and father not explained basics of lovemaking to you?"
Sherlock swallowed. He knew he must look a fright. Covered in dust and horse hair, not having a proper bath for a few days, wearing his nightclothes, his father must be mortified.
"From where?"
Sherlock didn't protest, but allowed John to place the flowers in his hair. They itched, but he left them alone. John's mouth was on his, pressing and moving against his lips, his tongue running against his teeth. John used his fingers to skim under Sherlock's kilt, touching his thighs, his cock and balls. Sherlock moaned, trembling, opening his legs for more of John's touches.
John awoke sometime in the night, unsure of how many days he'd been in the hospital. He wasn't sure if this was a new day, or a continuation of what he thought of as the day before. Sherlock was lying on the bed and his arm. John heard him crying, weeping, and slowly moved his right arm out from under Sherlock. His left fingers and arm felt heavy, so he couldn't reach over and stroke Sherlock's hair like he wanted to.
Sherlock looked at John, sitting down even closer than before. He wanted to hold him, to kiss him, to explain to him how happy he was. He couldn't think of how to express his incandescent joy, so he surprised himself by saying, "Can Soilleir gallop any faster?"
"How do you….how do you
"No, John, I rather like you on the floor," his eyes were twinkling, and he quirked a smile at the side of his mouth. John loved the way he said his name when he was laughing, when he was truly happy.
John smiled, and for a moment he considered standing up in the tub to scandalize Sherlock further. Instead, he just left it at a smile, waiting to exit the bath once he was alone. He dressed in a bathrobe and met Sherlock in the suite's small sitting room. Sherlock was looking down at his phone, flipping through it with his right thumb. John felt a wave of affection and love, and his feet were moving on his own accord. His goal was to finally kiss Sherlock, properly. As he moved forward to kneel at his feet, the ship moved forward, pitching John nearly into Sherlock's lap. He landed on the floor instead.
