**..**
"Canada!" John said, raising his voice. Sherlock and Armand startled and turned to face the doctor, a puzzled expression on their faces. "Just in case you want to uh... start a family, Canada is your place." He cleared his throat and his concentration returned to the laptop in front. Sherlock frowned. Armand opened his mouth to respond but Sherlock's phone rang, cutting him off.
"A warning!" There was a pause and it seemed the entire world was quiet after the slam over the desk and Sherlock's voice. It had been calmed but it held a little resonance to it that made Mycroft keep still for several seconds. He couldn't move and Sherlock liked the little power that word had over his brother. It only proved Mycroft knew more.
Sherlock gave John a very comical glare, John knew the glare wasn't serious, though. He had seen Sherlock glaring seriously and he had prayed, more than once, not to be at the receiving part. John lifted an eyebrow as a response.
With a smile coming just out of morality, John walked outside and stretched his back, put his jacket back on and walked to 221B. Once there he didn't go upstairs. He waited outside for Mrs. Hudson. The last time he had been there had been that same day, the same day of "The Fall" as he called it in his head and after that day, he knew he couldn't come back.
"I've locked the door." Was the automatic reply. John giggled too. The hug became rather intense with every second. They could feel how a tension in the air went out of the roof. Even though, they weren't doing anything else but hugging tighter than before.
"The king has to fall." Sherlock repeated almost in a questioning, incredulous tone. He looked at the floor for a few moments and thought deeply about some weeks ago, he thought about the same, in John's arms, on the couch. John...
"Why is it necessary for us to go?" John asked, he saw by the corner of his eyes Sherlock clenching his jaw, sighing soundlessly and swallowing impatiently.
"What is that...? Is that Sherlock?" she asked, evidently surprised.
..." John threw his head back on the couch. When he did this, unconsciously his hand stroked the scalp on his lap again. Sherlock closed his eyes at that, but soon it was over. A loud sigh from the detective echoed on the walls of the darkened flat.
"Sherlock?" there was no answer in the flat but the lights from his own room sneaked down the stairs.
"Mm?"
Sherlock lifted his brows in a silent question.
"The armpit?" She asked, confused.
"Oh, no clue." John lifted his brows; he pulled a very innocent expression as he sipped on his tea without taking his eyes from Mycroft's. He knew that look always made Sherlock say
After Sherlock left his office Mycroft sat on his chair and sighed. He rubbed his temples, surprised at his brother's request of the mind-reader game. He took a hold of the card on his desk.
“How do you even know a captain from the New York police bureau?”
"This vehicle belongs to this person." He said handing the paper to the DI.
If this is what Sherlock called
"My... fluids?" John couldn't help a confused smile.
When Lestrade found out about the drug and the possible reason it had been given to Sherlock, he pulled his strings and went back to the facility with a warrant and the specialist firearm command. John was still waiting for news about the case; last thing he knew was Lestrade calling him before heading for the facility.
He moved his hand carefully from Sherlock's chin and the other man tossed a bit in his sleep, John felt a tug at his shirt below his jumper when Sherlock grabbed the fabric there, his hand moving over his waist and hipbone, his fingertips resting there lazily. It was such a simple and naive movement, but John felt all of his alarms sounding inside his head. He needed to get out of there, but he didn't want to wake Sherlock up. He threw his head back on the armrest and exhaled, his furrowed lips forming a never-ending "u". He stayed there, looking at the ceiling for who knows how long, his mind battling internally between the feeling in the lower part of his stomach, his heart about to break his ribcage and his mixed feelings with all the variants. Unconsciously, John lifted a bit his hands so they weren't touching Sherlock anywhere, and his fists began to clench and unclench in a rapid movement.
Not yet, at least. He was angry, angry with Sherlock and angry with himself. The feeling was so strong that he would probably just go in there and punch and break all of Sherlock's possessions, screaming.
"You should have brought
"John, I don't really care what people think about me."
Walking out of the hospital, he found a pretty woman at the waiting room, apparently waiting for him. A phone in her hands and she seemed to be texting something all the time. John recognized Anthea, even though he hadn't seen her in a while. She took him to Mycroft's.
"Sherlock."
"Ahm... yeah, sorry to bother you on your day off..." Lestrade heard a loud thud coming from Sherlock's room, he hurried to the door to see if everything was okay, but then he heard a loud laugh resonating around the place... and a curse from John. Lestrade chuckled standing outside the detective's room.
"No, no. I couldn't sleep... what is it, Sherlock?" John flopped back on the bed, putting his hand over his forehead, relieved. He was trying to calm down his heart; it was now racing inside his ribcage with fear.
The Knee Grope (Sherlock couldn’t name it any other way if he wanted), that small touch that had sent pinpricks high up his thigh, and had Sherlock thanking a God he didn’t know existed for booze and its ability to put down unwanted casual cock reactions (but sometimes he scolded himself for unwanted brain-to-mouth reactions that had him saying “
"It is a big thing... I mean the drugs dealing, Sherlock... it might not be the last time we hear of it..."
"Sherlock?" she stopped him and he poked his head from the other side.
"Yes..." He cleared his throat and tried to pull on a normal face. "Yes?"
"I just meant to return it."
“Oh, Jesus…” John’s laughter was high-pitched and contagious. Sherlock opened one eye to look at John’s shaking shoulders.
Sherlock was perched on the edge of the tub somehow, there was a toilet next to it and a small sink on its other side with a mirror above that covered the upper half of the small wall. There was also a window above the mirror and - with the moon high in the sky - John could see his reflection from the waist up from the door.
She laughed and protested, asking for him to let her
"Sorry. Yes, carry on..."
John gave a short laugh. “You haven’t written a thing in that file.”
Abby and Craig were getting closer but they stopped when Craig asked her something. John cussed under his breath, but with his face pressed to Sherlock’s neck, he could clearly feel a low rumble inside Sherlock’s chest; it was laughter.
After a couple of seconds, though, John tentatively darted his tongue to touch Sherlock's upper lip. Sherlock moaned deeply, his tongue soon followed John's. The wet touch brought a whole new level to the moment. Both of them were breathing heavily through their noses, never breaking the contact even with the lack of air. The kiss grew intense every second. Sherlock's hands were fists at the front of John’s vest now; John had moved his hands behind Sherlock's neck.
When Sherlock had scanned John this morning, when he had called for him to let him know about his discovery of the numbers in the card, white little letters told him a lot about the doctor. The blue, sleeveless sweatshirt that exposed his well formed triceps and a little of chest hair, the stubble on his face, the devilish grin he had in his features when he noted that his first word in the morning had been his own name... all of that exposed to Sherlock how insecure John felt with Armand being around. Because, in the morning, John had been a whole display of masculinity. Rough, mature manliness, if we compare him to Armand's. Even though his eyes, his talking, his whole body language exposed that John was actually a little fond of the guy. Besides, there was the
In 221B, Sherlock sat on the sofa in the dark living room. The place was only lit by the white screen of his laptop placed over the coffee table in front of him, and the faint light from outside.
"John?" he asked as he looked around. "Where is John?"
Hours later in the evening, around 8 pm, John had to stop as soon as he entered their flat in Baker Street.
Lestrade giggled behind John. The doctor just smiled at the childish behaviour.
"Detective inspector. From the Yard."
"You have, sweetie."
“No problem,” Mrs Hudson said and Abby’s heels sounded twice; she was coming back.
There was a knock on the door and Sherlock tensed, automatically. That was part of the plan, too, but he didn’t imagine it was actually going to come to him as natural as it was.
"Sherlock? What's wrong!"
John had to smile and shrug at Martin’s confused expression.
But on the other hand, Sherlock was frightened, he had never opened to anyone before, there was so much he wanted to tell John... his mind's barriers were falling apart, and suddenly all of the rooms of his palace had an underground access to John's room. He was at lost. It was all impossible to classify and sort, but he was still curious about all this. He would make sure to collect all of this data and then take a time to think and put an order to all but... later.
The old man smiled at him in a wicked gesture. "Don't worry..." then he whispered "I'll leave you two alone." He winked to the doctor, "you know, many couples come here, it's very private."
John joined several blank papers from his notepad together, creating one big, long piece of paper and he wrote in the side of it:
"Cream...? Oh! Cream! Or lotion? Mrs. Hudson's lotion... I won't be loud thanks to the lotion..."
"I know, but I do," he said, smiling lightly, "and I trust you, so you're gonna have to trust me as well."
Sherlock’s face was right against his. There was a bit of stubble-burn as Sherlock moved his face even closer, like a caress. His mouth was open against John’s jaw and he closed it over that spot, the tip of his tongue leaving a wet spot. “Is this okay?” he asked. John moaned.
Slowly Sherlock lifted his eyes. When they locked their gazes they chuckled shortly. "I hate them." He said softly.
"That scar below your knee... it was a stone. A rock."
He took his phone and texted Jack, a bartender that owed him many, many favours. He was glad he still remembered his phone number. For a moment there he almost wished he hadn't erased all of his phone's contacts.
Sherlock snorted. “If that’s what you want.”
“Amazing, just… amazing.” John turned around to inspect the place and went straight away for the drawers.
"Yes... but still John, we were really very young." Sherlock took a hold of the notebook in his lap and pressed a lot of keys in the process, the blog reloaded.
Click.
Click.
Mycroft started to lift himself from his sitting position, but Sherlock grabbed his wrist quickly, making him still.
“Shut up, Mrs Hudson.”
Sherlock was paralysed at first, but soon understood the situation and wrapped his arms around John's back and waist, slowly at first and then adding pressure. His face was on John's shoulder and he let out a sigh, sounding very much like a repressed sob. John's fingers drew little circles in Sherlock's curls.
“Frank Hud- Mrs Hudson’s Frank?”
His heart.
“…in our products. You already noticed the fragrances, the textures, and the variety.” The voice of the recording was a calm voice, the British accent seemed somewhat forced. Sherlock mouthed ‘
But John didn't follow immediately; he stopped halfway with a shaky sigh. The situation wasn't moving the way he expected, but all in all, things were going smoothly. At some point, he wanted to pursue the topic about the alley but desisted. He was certain, if Sherlock wanted to talk about it then there would be no stopping in him doing so. John was pretty much aware that, this time, he couldn't be able to hold back if the stimulation grew to be too much.
"How can you know that?" John said panting a little as he followed Sherlock. Even when he enjoyed the
John tried to wake up fully. He gathered his pyjamas and walked to the shower.
. Savagely. He sat down on his chair. “The photos are right there, I had them copied so you can take those with you.”
would make him so bewildered. He felt betrayed. Without knowing what else to do, he hung up.
Sherlock woke up earlier than usual. After last night's massage he could barely get a good sleep. It was almost a miracle to see Sherlock going to sleep in his bed, and surprisingly, he actually wanted to. He had been feeling sore, even after John's massage.
Sherlock pressed one muttering something like
His thoughts were interrupted as John moved lazily, still fast asleep, and laid on his back. Sherlock's brows went up; he was delighted to know that John had gotten so used to his presence that he didn't wake up, not even when he was touching his arm like this. He had noticed so a few months ago, when they fell asleep on the sofa. He had moved his arm around John's shoulder and John hadn't even shifted.
"So you didn't...?"
The cab stopped in front of 221B. Sherlock got out and opened the door. Mrs. Hudson was in the bakery, there was no one else around and he found the peace of the flat alarming. He thought he was seeing ghosts everywhere, almost paranoid. He walked upstairs slowly and opened the door carefully, everything he was doing was cautious.
“Gentlemen,” Sherlock said, then threw his head back, looking at John upside down, his face serious. Then in another accent repeated, “
He looked around him and checked the time. Still twenty-two minutes to go. He went to lock the door and came back to the mirror, his back to the door. Sherlock closed his eyes for a while and evoked John’s smell.
"What the hell are you doing?" John passed his fingers over his head and let them rest on the back of his neck, moving his fingers there, trying to soothe a little his tiredness. He was very sore. He had been at the clinic from seven am until two in the morning and his body wasn't up for those prolonged activities anymore. At some point in the afternoon, he even found himself stroking his leg; the one with the psychosomatic pain.
Now they looked as lonely as he was now, with no John next to him, but further than that, they seemed brilliant points trapped in a darkness canvas. Like flies trapped in a spider web.
"Transport." Was the muttered answer.
Beta: the great Lita Kelly. Thank you, dear!
"No, of course you haven't. You couldn't sleep that night, could you?" there was a dark chuckle, "that night your pet killed my cabbie. He was going to die anyway, oh yeah, I almost forgot about that! You loved to deduce that, even if it was a
"What is this?" Sherlock eyed the site quickly. "Chemicals..."
"...so, after all the facts I told you before, if you take Armand's number you can say the department and the options he belongs to; every two numbers a different option on the phone, zero stands for false..."
"Oh." Sherlock recalled that, "if you mean fellatio, yes, it was very close. I didn't deep-throated you though, I just sucked the tip... it was a very interesting flavour."
"Come on, kids. Please." Lestrade let out his throaty voice, full of controlled anger.
Mycroft rolled his eyes. “And good evening to you too, brother, John, Rosie.” He didn’t even look down to the girl glued to his legs as he greeted, but he was careful to leave his umbrella out of reach. “She is a Watson after all, completely Holmes-proof, apparently.”
"Just talk." Was the deep, dark, half-whispered answer from the detective. Lestrade startled next to him, surprised at the unusual tone.
"Think! There has to be an order of these things..."
**..**
John snorted and eyed Sherlock who was just staring back, confused.
“So I did.” Sherlock gave a snort. “It fit, didn’t it?”
*Insert it’s been 84 years gif here* Life’s been hard, so I’m sorry this took so, sooooo long.
"I assume you're not aware of everything that's happening here, John..." right in that moment, a waitress approached them. Mycroft remained silent. John asked for another tea, just to prolong the moment; to shake the older Holmes a little off his comfort zone. Mycroft asked for a black coffee, and proceeded as soon the waitress turned her back to them. "I told you before: my brother is a very important personality..." John frowned at that, placing his mug on the table. Mycroft just carried on, "... he is brilliant. But I think you have a better hold of his..." Mycroft closed his eyes a bit, and managed a very poetic face, "...emotional integrity... if you might call it that way."
Armand smiled gently.
John's eyes snapped open. Armand's images flashes through his mind; the over concern about the case, the old fashioned phrase
"Mycroft...?"
"I don't know dear, I just got home about half an hour ago... it's everything okay? How was the trip?"
Martin was back to the photos and Sherlock could see them upside-down on Martin’s lap, even if they had outrageous greens and reds, the expressions of obvious pleasure were extremely notorious and he could feel himself blush. His body was welcoming it, though, the heat that started low in his gut and spread to his neck, cheeks and ears. Although, Martin taking this professionally helped quite a bit.
“You’re clearly not,” Sherlock could barely control a full-body shudder as John’s thumbs worked over the collar of his shirt. “Abby really has an American accent, as you said. I’m thinking about the north of the States. Illinois, maybe Wisconsin.”
"I'll wait in my room!" Sherlock screamed as he stormed into said place. John heard a lot of noise, so much he was afraid Mrs. Hudson would wake up and come up the stairs... he mentally snapped himself; no. Mrs. Hudson was already used to Sherlock's blasts at ungodly hours. She just comes upstairs when she gets scared at something, like the scream in pain the other day. John smiled at the memory.
“That thing with… Martin. You did realise he took the photographs with him.”
were forming in his mind;
“No, no. I’m not…” Sherlock blinked a couple of times and cleared his throat. He didn’t turn to John for help, as he often did.
Sherlock finished putting his coat on and turned to John, there was something in his expression; he seemed almost lost but somehow secure at the same time. "John… I… uh…" he started, his rapid eyes focused on the floor and then on John's face. "I need to ask a favour, before you leave." John gave him a questioning nod. "Can we… uh… hug again?" Sherlock seemed a little embarrassed and so out of character if not for the petulant lift of his chin; almost as if asking for cigarettes.
[Face]
He never saw John’s confused frown and headshake.
“Finally, my back is killing me,” John snickered and added, “I’m going to act startled, then,” His voice was oddly calm, his lips grazing Sherlock’s shirt as he spoke. “Hamish and William caught red-handed, how does it sound?”
received at 04:30.
"Alike, but not Moriarty." Sherlock held his breathe for a couple of seconds, exhaling slowly, still a firm grip on his scarf.
John shook off the thought and took a hold of his breathing and heart rate being a little calmed down. But he was still hard.
sent at 04:57.
As Sherlock was about to step out after John, Lestrade stopped him grabbing his arm. "What the hell did you do to her?" he muttered to the consulting detective; anger and confusion evident in his voice.
"My family is a shame." Armand snapped.
**..**
"Oh so you did tell her..."
John didn't answer. He just chuckled along with Sherlock.
"I like this one better." Sherlock said, his lips were brushing his skin as he spoke. He inhaled deeply again, "I definitely like this one better."
, we even tried to look him up." Sherlock's lips rose at the realisation that John had used his sister's name. The detective used a showcase in front of them as a mirror and found the man following them confused by the name and begin to turn around. Sherlock sighed in relief; he recognised him as one of the homeless gang that stabbed him that afternoon. He couldn't have followed him to Baker Street,
received at 13:16.
"Thank you."
When using nicotine patches, he felt his mind stimulated; the stimulus helped him to think faster and to make ideas materialise on their own, then he could contemplate them in awe, almost like it wasn't even his own mind. He felt the mindquake – equivalent to earthquake inside his mind – in the mind palace and he could see how the disaster left the answers there, in plain view. Now, with these other drugs, his mind felt the mindquake too, but this time he found the effect reflected all over his body. He didn't know if it started in his body and then it expanded to his mind or vice versa;
"I come in peace!" there was a raspy, throaty laughing voice; Lestrade appeared from between an opening in the wall, his phone in hand, recording the scene, laughing insanely when he saw Sherlock and John's scared faces.
“Shh…” John placed his hand over Sherlock’s mouth, conscious of the noise and Mrs Hudson downstairs. He moved his other hand to Sherlock’s broad chest and pressed his palm hard against the flat muscles, feeling almost in a trance by looking at his own fingers opening one, two, three and four buttons of the white shirt, the scarce hair he found there was awfully tempting and he wondered how it would feel under his lips. He looked up and saw sweat on Sherlock’s neck, so the most logical thing right now was to lick it; his tongue firm and hard against the skin.
The usual overwhelming shame that came after calling that name in the throes of passion never really came, quite the contrary. He couldn’t stop, now. Besides, the pillow was a great improvement for noise isolation. He was aware of this fact even if his body was so beyond that he was unconsciously thrusting his hips as the hand that wasn’t clenching the pillow roamed to his chest to pinch and massage his nipples, travelling down and pressing on his thighs, squeezing his buttocks.
“Wha- Why? What do you mean?”
He sighed, an incredulous smile ghosting his lips. His eyes fought between the detective's profile at his side and the window in front but finally he gave up. He kept his stare on Sherlock's sleeping face and allowed himself to observe. His eyes lingered at the parted pale lips, Sherlock was breathing softly through them, a little pool of drool had already formed on his own shoulder and he realized he didn't give a damn. In fact, he found himself smiling at it, feeling almost proud to be the only person with whom the detective felt comfortable enough to do... whatever this was.
Craig loaded the wireframe they were going to show Abby and then opened another window with a chess board. His hands were shaking and Sherlock felt a small pang of sympathy for the poor bloke.
"You're not going to ask?" Sherlock questioned staring into the other's eyes, they were extremely close; their noses were inches apart and neither of them seemed to mind.
John’s hands were on his knees now, the massage still firm and slow.
Sherlock entered the fake ambulance and Louis drove away to Angelo's place. Sherlock took off his mask and eyed around. Moriarty could be anywhere now.
John stopped moving completely and there was a long pause. Neither he nor Sherlock moved, but John could feel the firm grip, the breathing at the top of the back of his head for all the agitation Sherlock had done. Then he felt how Sherlock stepped a bit closer and lowered his forehead, making it fall softly over his shoulder.
At first he assumed that, maybe a person with experience in the matter would be the right one to do this job. But this wasn't working. Maybe this wasn't the kind of stimulation he was looking for. His thoughts were interrupted by another voice.
"The cab ride was bad enough." He said snorting, his shoulders shaking, his face with a huge grin. John burst into a new tight fit of laughter.
received at 12:07.
"How much do you even know my brother?" Mycroft asked.
There was a pregnant silence as John got to work, Sherlock could feel the slides being removed from his toes and then heard the acrylic being placed next to his knee. When he looked down there was also a pencil. John was
The DI walked outside and again the flat remained silent after their goodbye. John walked to the kitchen, he needed a cup of tea.
"And what do you have to say in your defence?"
keyed up, could barely wait to tell Elsie.”
Then he realised he had scolded himself aloud then Rosie repeated ‘
As soon as they stepped into 221B, John immediately opened his laptop. The thing today with the therapy supplies was really bothering him. He wanted to know the real prices, so meanwhile he searched in the Internet, Sherlock got into his blue robe and sat on the large couch. He needed to think.
And Sherlock loved to be tested too, he was very aware of that. But Sherlock's self testing was over important matters. He never invented himself things to be tested and that's what made the big difference between the Holmes brothers and Moriarty. That's why he could never believe Donovan when she had said that some day he would get bored and he, himself, would be the one providing the body. That wasn't testing his intelligence...
"An erotic book, obviously." The tone was monotonous but still breathy.
A drenched man entered the flat guided by Mrs. Hudson, who handed a towel to the young man, a chair and then went downstairs as quickly as her hip allowed. She knew her boys were on a case, so she tried to disturb them as little as possible.
Sherlock furrowed his brows and nose at the question, visibly annoyed. "Why would I want to discuss that matter with
he wrote on the browser, adding the quotation marks as Sherlock taught him years ago. Several books popped out, all of them were written by women.
"I thought you would never show up." Sherlock threw the guy carelessly to the floor and shook a bit the sleeves of his coat. Three bigger guys came from the bunch of people, lifted the man off the floor and took him away.
John blinked deliberately slowly as he contemplated his friend’s face. Sherlock’s jaw worked, notoriously clenching, then he opened his mouth a little and his lips separating sounded like a kiss, loud in the silence of the kitchen. He drew a bit of air and was about to say something when John interrupted, his voice hushed.
passed his mind.
"Armand's number is 0212020011901, correct?"
"Oh." The detective straightened his neck up, almost defiant. "Am I."
The two Yarders could barely grab the strong man Sherlock was holding and Sidney, at the same time Martin quickly went for the old man behind Elsie, releasing her from the man’s grip. She fell with a thud on the bed next to the sleeping Chloe.
. I’m not justifying you. There’s nothing to justify. But... sometimes we need to do wrong to understand what’s right.”
"Why what?"
But he didn't count – or maybe he did – on Dr. Watson's behaviour when being challenged. John stared back at him, blatantly. He observed him from the tip of his shoe to the top of his last curl. He wanted Sherlock to feel watched, naked if you will, defenceless. Sherlock followed the intense gaze with ease. It seemed a battle of wills. After a couple of seconds, John stood up and placed his laptop on the chair. He took a few steps, closing the distance to the detective in front, his eyes never leaving the pale ones observing him back.
Sherlock’s eyes locked with John’s for a moment – or two – and John could clearly see that Sherlock was deliberately trying to calm his breathing. John’s eyes went to Martin, but as he was turning his head, he could see Sherlock licking his lips, swallowing and straightening his spine in the chair.
There was a long and awkward silence, she scanned her superior's face for an answer, for anything, he was stressed and his eyes were piercing hers.
that exposed him a lot more. The morning held a bit of a contest feeling to Sherlock.
The ID was blank and the face of the photograph was a mask. He wasn't recovered of his surprise yet when he heard steps and was about to leave the man there when he realized it was Louis.
He prepared himself a coffee. His phone beeped as he poured the hot water in the cup.
Phillip noticed the discomfort of the man in front and placed a hand over the other's arm from across the desk.
"But you
"John Hamish Watson..." he told himself, "you are... completely... and utterly... fucked up."
"Let's see... the data we have..." Sherlock muttered and John answered with a
“The data recovery from this afternoon?”
"Eat." John said grabbing his fork. Sherlock made a quick gesture clenching his lips.
Sherlock did as he was told, trying hard to hold onto his William Scott persona. His eyes were firmly checking the tightly secured door as he positioned himself, face down, over the stretcher. He didn’t know what to do with his arms, so he just crossed them below his head, the side of his face resting on his forearm.
(See the end of the chapter for
He knew he had to get out of the situation. Fast. Sherlock wasn't moving from his position and was still staring at him. John just smiled weakly.
"You got me!" laughed the DI, "did he tease you boys too much?"
And Greg had known Sherlock for five years before him, how had he not taken the time to see Sherlock as he really was? Sometimes it just pissed him off, the more he wrote on his blog about the case, the angrier he became with his own thoughts. It was stupid, but he couldn't help it.
"Hm?" John hummed behind the towel over his head.
"Your phone… it was pink before." Sherlock never lifted his eyes from the microscope.
. He mentally saw himself hitting his head against a wall.
“Are you alright?” She paused.
"Well John..." Sherlock pulled a very serious expression, "...imagine I go out with some random woman and fall in love with her…"
Sherlock’s eyes were on the door as if waiting for John to enter the flat. There was an empty bag of crisps and half a glass of water on the small table next to him.
"I know exactly where I have to go, Louis, but if I tell you, you'll be involved." Sherlock waved a hand dismissively.
John's mind travelled to the DI and, as many weeks ago, he thought, if he ever came in to check on Sherlock – or actually the laptops – they really would be cocked up for life.
He received two texts from Chloe letting him know about Elsie’s reaction to Wilson and how happy she was – ‘
For the first time he didn't try to shut his thoughts; the few seconds he spared watching Sherlock's sleeping form, plus the dozed state in which he still was, has pulled his mind completely away from the case. He reached for the detective's chin and moved the other's face up carefully. Sherlock seemed to be following his hand. A knot formed in the pit of John's stomach when he noted how Sherlock had no resistance to his presence whatsoever, not even in his sleep. He remembered how, when they just moved in together, Sherlock always slept alerted; a little noise and he was already with big eyes searching and looking around the flat, even if it was just John coming downstairs to make tea.
Both; the DI and John watched closely how Sherlock got closer to a red car, it wasn't old but wasn't brand new either. Sherlock walked around the vehicle a couple of times, he opened the passenger door and, taking his magnifier glass, he watched carefully the wheel, then at the box next to the driver's seat. He lifted the cover of it and placed his hand where his eyes couldn't reach. After a couple of minutes searching in the most common and uncommon places, Sherlock let out an affirmative hum. He got closer to John and Lestrade with a card in his hand.
"Yes. There." It was obvious, even to the most inexperienced detective, how Sherlock tried to sound calmed. The vein at the side of his neck said otherwise, though; it was pumping vigorously under John's touch.
he could work with.
"And you know the worst part?" John asked, his voice breathy to such extent, that Ella thought that John would either collapse or have a panic attack any moment. She just shook his head at the question. "The worst part is that I was- I
"Tonight!" the voice spoke loudly again, he couldn't tell where it came from, "tonight will be in your mind forever, I already know the process, Sherlock... you and I are just the same! Our attention is focused and then we want to learn everything about a matter as long as our mind is stimulated. Did John do just that? Did he stimulate your mind the way you wanted? Because I'm certain he did, you are a horny little bastard in the end, aren’t you?" the voice continued. The speech was fast and with a lot of variations in the pitch.
"Yes."
**..**
"Of course you can!" She said, "Do you want me to be someone in particular? My name is usually Abbey, but you can call me however you fancy...” Sherlock got genuinely confused at the question.
“Evening,” John called from the kitchen. “Tea, Mycroft?”
to sleep, Sherlock. I have never told you this, but when you don't sleep, you scare me."
In a couple of seconds, Sherlock knew exactly why they were like this. He moved his toes and felt relieved that he had a complete control of his body now. John was sleeping deeply. He knew he had been giving the doctor a hard time, he could hardly remember anything.
', Sherlock told him that time in a quiet voice, '
"Why not?"
Still with this big smile on his face, he turned the kettle on. Not many plans for today, so he found himself enjoying the idea about being alone in the flat for a while.
give excellent massages.”
Of course, sentiments were not his area at all, even if he knew the basic chemistry of them. He was aware but was he supposed to change because of them? John knew he needed to think, he had told that earlier and John respected that.
. We never heard from the kid again... You know,
“Abby, I need the oils for Miss Hanson’s appointment.” That was John’s voice from behind the door and he gasped audibly. John’s voice was a bit different and the way he carried his vowels were
John took a cab to 221B. It was late already and he had to meet Sherlock at the flat.
Sherlock noticed how, now being close to the doctor, his pulse began to rise, slowly. "I wanted to seduce you."
John arrived home about nine pm. After they took off from the facility in the morning, he and Sherlock had stopped by to eat when he received a call from the clinic. He always thought his 'adventures' with Sherlock were pretty much incompatible with clinic hours, especially those times when Sarah asked something from him and he really didn't want to go. This time, he’d asked Sherlock if there was something else he could help and the detective had given him his
“Then speak up.” Sherlock finally looked up; a gaze so intense John had to swallow. “What is missing in me?”
But he could also remember Sherlock’s smile, the soft, “
On one hand he was happy Sherlock didn't ask. He knew his answer was going to be the same, but he didn't know if his brother was up to listen the same thing.
"I thought they were journalists again. What is he up to now?" Mrs. Hudson asked surprised, pointing a thumb over her shoulder in Sherlock's direction.
But still, today, he felt like shit.
John watched intensely how, after Sherlock's last word, his eyes suddenly closed and his pupils moved frantically behind the eyelids, a frown on his brows and his head gave some short and small shakes.
Everyone in the room – except for Sherlock – stood rooted to the spot. Martin took a few seconds blinking at everything in his hands. Sherlock’s eyes were fixed on John, who was positively beaming. It took Martin a sigh to make him turn back to reality.
"I know, I know... Mrs. Hudson, please don't worry about anything. I can handle Sherlock... and I'm sure Inspector Lestrade won't bother with a drug's bust now... he saw everything, remember he was with us."
“Look, Sherlock,” John licked his lips and his voice went rough. “I’m not…” A deep breath. “I’m not against it.” John stared at Sherlock for a second. Sherlock’s expression was completely neutral. After a moment, John started to move his hands over Sherlock’s forearms. There was a silence as John moved and pressed his hands. Sherlock didn’t interrupt. When John spoke again, his tone was casual, not nearly as affected as before, “Look, I don’t care that much... if we really have to.” John pressed Sherlock’s wrists firmly. The mint was making their skin cold.
"Well... first thing he told me was you're a very important personality..."
“My pulse is elevated, you could have just asked,” Sherlock managed between shuddering breaths.
“Still.” John laughed shortly. “It’s not going to happen.”
“Okay, that’s enough of that, Watson,” Sherlock said as he lifted Rosie from Mrs Hudson’s lap. She had been nodding off for the last five minutes, right after her bath. “Are we clear on everything you need to do tomorrow?”
“Capsaicin?” Martin asked.
"Damn it, Sherlock." John grabbed a couple of books and placed them carelessly over a shelf. "All I wanted was to throw myself on the bed..." John stopped his sentence and sat at the edge of the mattress, placing his head in his hands, elbows over his knees, he gave a loud, tired sigh. He massaged his temples seeking for a caress.
There was something about Mrs Hudson’s smile that John found a bit charming and always made him unable to say
A couple of seconds passed, Sherlock was staring expectantly to the younger man's face.
“People need to feel good,” the record – Abby – continued, “when I opened this spa in London I wanted people to feel good in every aspect of their lives. You know sex is an important human feature; having someone they can rely on and a place they trust when they are alone and need a release – there was more paper noise – here. This is the erotic spectrum of our spa and here… are the services provided and the price for each. We have colourful names for the service and they’re always gender-free. You can pretty well bring a woman to orgasm or a man, it doesn’t matter. As long as it’s sanitary and the two parties ag-”
“Sorry,” John said at that. “It was kind of bound to happen, the towels here are damn small.”
in a high pitch voice.
When John was about to grab the detective arms to take him back to his room, the door opened, almost hitting Sherlock's face. It was Lestrade, who got to their flat with a very concerned expression. He had two laptops in his hands; the big one with the map software and the one the woman had on her lap, the one Sherlock had managed to sneak out before knocking himself on the desk.
The detective smiled satisfied and confused at the same time. "Thank you."
“Yeah, I’ll have a look at it later.” He managed a smile and walked to Rosie, giving her a soft peck to her forehead. “Let’s all eat now, shall we?”
There was no response from Abby, she probably made some gesture for Mrs Hudson to go on. “It was that Oolong tea, the one with the blue and gold box? How is it called?”
As always, thanks to my amazing beta
John took a moment or two to compose himself and rein in his heartbeat. He knew he was in too deep, but now was not the time nor the situation. Sherlock’s feelings were right there, deliberately presented on a platter like a gourmet dish; delicate and insecure and so very true. All of the what-ifs came to his mind now. He thought about him being too slow to respond or maybe it was just his lack of tact. He decided to leave the self-reproach for later and hurried to the next room.
"Five more beers and I can give you a whole..." he gestured with his hand to Sherlock's body, "...full... body massage if you want." John smiled and, taking another gulp of his beer, he added, "Not that I'm gonna remember tomorrow anyway." John burst into laughter at his own words and Sherlock followed the contagious sound. It was like they were tickling each other with each look; it was really hard to stop. They usually had that effect on each other when they started to laugh like this. After long seconds, they were finally able to calm down and stop. Sherlock lifted his glass and bumped it lightly to John's. John followed, they drank another gulp.
this one. I am watching my prologue now, so if you excuse me..."
John’s smell was quite unique. Sherlock could physically feel how it invaded his nostrils and his mind. He moved his hand to unbutton his trousers, his hand easing inside his pants. He grabbed the base of his penis and stroked just once, teasing it. He wasn’t hard but he could feel the muscles on his face contracting at the sensation.
Sherlock sat there. Listening. The bloke went on and on, letting Sherlock know how he would like to touch him.
"Yes! It's uh..." John hissed, "...it's a long story, Greg. I don't really want to talk about Sherlock's experiment. I don't understand half of them, anyway..." he took the little bottle from Lestrade's hand and threw it inside the wardrobe. His expression was so serious that the DI didn't ask about it anymore.
The silence following John’s laughter was easy and homey. He was cleaning and soon Sherlock was next to him to offer some help out of habit.
best friend
“Look, she never told me, but over a counter I saw… edible ones, remember? Even if I haven’t the faintest idea of the purpose of those,” John said with mirth in his eyes, Sherlock just smiled, possibly clueless. “There is vaginal tightening and a general tightening, a… uh…” John cleared his throat again and Sherlock waved with his hand indicating for him to continue. “A muscle relaxant.”
Slowly and gently Sherlock worked there with his finger, he teased John's cock with his own just enough to distract him. When John opened his eyes, he saw Sherlock panting silently, his eyes fixed on his face, concentration clearly expressed on his features. John reached for Sherlock's face and kissed him. He groaned loudly in Sherlock's mouth when he felt the finger enter him until the first knuckle, Sherlock was so gentle in his ministration that he didn't even notice when the detective had his middle finger completely inside him until he reached the prostate. Sherlock separated them so he could observe John's face; it was lost, his eyes rolled back and his teeth were clenched, he couldn't tell if it was pain, pleasure. Perhaps both.
“Haha, yes. I see that. You don’t like not knowing from the start, I get it.” John found a piece of paper. “Sherlock,” he said, taking the paper and a photograph, green and red came into view. “Come here and look at this.” Sherlock did. “Is that…?”
confirmed it, the man's cause of death wasn't overdose; heroin levels in the man's system weren't high enough to kill him. It was a cardiac arrest, caused by the younger son when he told his father he was getting married. Of course, a catholic man wouldn't want his son to marry a Jewish girl, but that wasn't the worst part. The worse was that he recognised his future daughter in law, because he’d had an intimate relationship with her in the past… probably because he was her teacher and she was the student who would do anything to get good grades…" Sherlock got closer to the girl who had lost the colour from her face. "It's truly denigrating to witness people relying on sex to achieve their goals; little confidence is something that only proves how low we humans can hit bottom…" Sherlock was staring at the girl once again. She was pale, uncomfortable with Sherlock's gaze and proximity. John realised Sherlock was talking to her, not to Lestrade. Greg had his arms crossed over his chest, with the folder hanging from one of his hands, eyes glued on Sherlock with a
. Even with no experience in the matter whatsoever, it was the only logical way out. Sherlock concentrated in the background noise; there was a light tapping, some random voices.
"Sherlock... sorry but this can be done tomorrow. I really need..."
Sherlock felt something go up and down in his stomach quickly. He opened his eyes with a snap. He recalled the pattern of the sweat over his face and his eyes searched for something rapidly, although he didn't know what was he looking for. John had touched his cheek when he was dreaming...
Sherlock held his breath.
"No, you probably didn't. Your hands are never dirty, Phillip. I admire you for that." Mycroft exhaled slowly, the smoke around his face gave him a somewhat dangerous aura, even more than normal.
“Okay, go ahead. Tell me how plainly ordinary I am; I wanted to hear that. How long has it been? Three years?” John said with an eye-roll.
"Please," he said somewhat sarcastically, "do keep in mind that this is my way to see to your protection." His voice was small as he left the flat. Sherlock heard the main door slam behind his brother. By the window, he saw a black car disappearing.
John placed facts in place, solving the puzzle.
“If you can be an arse then I assume you’ll be fine.” They smiled at each other. Sherlock removed his hand from his crotch and he shivered. “Is there… anything you need?” John asked, he was relieved when he noticed how truly concerned he was.
"But if Mycroft wants me out of this, then what about Armand's family uh? What is the connection? What if...?"
As they walked, Sherlock noticed a strange figure following them. Sherlock eyed John, who was completely unaware of the situation.
“Of course.” Sherlock’s smile was small, his eyes going from John’s retreating back to the floor. “Dorian Gray.”
Deliberately Sherlock stood next to the bed for several seconds taking in the naked form of John Watson, something he couldn't do before. He found himself incredibly aroused only by looking and taking in little details such as scars, there was a very visible scar below the knee. Sherlock could almost see the scene in his head of John falling over a sharp object; he got closer and by the irregularity of it he concluded it was a stone. Soon he was bending over, brushing his finger over the scar tissue and then his fingers were replaced by his lips. He kissed the spot and then smelled again. There the smell of soap was stronger than other spots.
Sherlock started to shiver; his teeth chattering and his eyes fluttering trying to keep them open in the darkness. His left hand sought for support on the sink before him as he panted and trembled. His right hand was completely frozen over his crotch, he didn’t dare to move it.
. He saw John leave, in his mind he was screaming. He remembered one time, at Dartmoor, when John walked away and that time he had been able to grab his arm, to turn him around and tell him everything, that time he had told John he had felt doubt, he had told John he was his only friend. Stopping him, running behind him.
Mycroft was about to reply, but his phone went off. He excused himself and answered to the DI, there was a troubled breathing, he knew the raspy tone and what it meant.
She sat on Sherlock's table – not the chair – and she positioned herself so one of her long exposed legs was at Sherlock's eye level, the tip of her heel pressing Sherlock's knee.
"Yes, Sherlock… I'm going to get you some med-"
“You mean... case’s over.”
"I did say that, but..." John's finger still moved around Sherlock's entrance as he spoke. It was truly difficult to try to speak under these circumstances. Specially after he heard Sherlock say that. The word felt alienated in Sherlock’s voice.
and he loved it. With each syllable, the corner of his lip would lift or fall, only one corner at the time and rarely both. The baritone voice had a lot of variations and he knew them all. The tendons and little muscles in his neck moved along his jaw's movements. His cheekbones seemed more prominent than usual under the artificial light hanging from the ceiling.
Now he understood what she was talking about.
But Moriarty's mind was a mystery beyond mystery; you could say he was like Sherlock and Mycroft, but they had chosen the path to serve people, whilst Moriarty had chosen the path to be recognized, to be tested.
"Yes, almost solved. I just need the results from John's samples to compare the data... do you mind if I make a quick call?"
“Oh.” Sherlock thought for a moment. It wasn’t easy with John’s hand being there, his thumbs pressing into his inner elbows, “Let’s say, William has a big crush on Hamish, that’s because I have to come here for massages, so William comes often. He’s a computer professional so he lives with backaches and a bad clinical condition of carpal tunnel as well as tendinitis. The cameras are a new variable. As long as we keep on with arms and wrists massages, we’ll be fine.”
The battle that was forming inside Sherlock's mind was alarming. It was the first time he allowed his mind palace to fall into chaos... it was the first time he authorized his body to posses his mind. He didn't like it at first, but soon he found himself enjoying the feeling like a drug; it was nearly as addictive as nicotine. Endorphins, hormones. He had said once that love made a very simple chemical reaction – actually, love
"Then, what is it?" John yawned.
I mean the force. We've been monitoring the facility for weeks in case they come back."
“I wouldn’t want to ruin the fun for you.” Sherlock smirked and John lifted his free hand in the air, sighing an
"Hm?"
be mad at the situation, but the expression on the man's face didn't let her. He was expressionless. There was no judgment in there, as she feared, but only knowledge of the circumstances, nothing else. Christine's hand searched blindly for the arm of the chair next to her. She needed to sit down, her knees were failing her. Sherlock reached for her arm and pulled the chair closer to her.
Click.
"What is this code... the number doesn't make much sense." Sherlock stared at the card for a moment and sighed. John lifted himself from his chair giving a tired groan in the process.
Sherlock froze for a few seconds, knowing John was having this reaction was a whole new thing. “Paragraph before that one was…” Sherlock moved his face closer to John’s, their cheeks touching and rubbing. “But this time when I touched him something happened in him and in me which made this touch different from any touch either of us had ever known.” His nose travelled from John’s ear to the side of his eye. “And he did not resist, as he usually did, but lay where I had pulled him, against my chest.” His hands slid from John’s shoulders to his lower back. John was panting softly in his ear. He took one of John’s hands and placed it over his own chest, he felt fingers caressing the fabric and the pectoral found there, hard. “And I realised that my heart was beating in an awful way and that he was trembling against me and...”
Sherlock’s arms were up, unsure of where to put them. He closed his eyes and, after a few seconds, moved his right hand to the back of John’s neck and his left arm slowly around John’s shoulder blade. He fisted the fabric of the jumper in the middle of John’s back and pressed his face to his shoulder and neck. He inhaled deeply the scent he found there, his mind felt disassociated from his body as he tried to make sense of what was going on. He had the feeling of moving underwater.
The hand Sherlock had on John’s shoulder slid to his chest and John recognised the gesture as acceptance of them having to stop this. But no. This was not what he wanted and he knew he had to do something fast. He was not going to let his insecurities waste his time anymore.
It was hard to stop now, but Sherlock had a very clear idea of what he – and John as well - wanted. So he reached for the little bottle of lotion, it was a oily against his fingers, he took John's hand, coating his fingers with his own and then he moved that hand to the back of his scrotum, his mouth still working with John's as he opened his eyes a bit to see John widening his own in surprise. John removed his tongue from Sherlock's mouth to swallow, but still, tentatively, his hand moved the way it had to; kissing Sherlock again, slowly, alert, he moved his middle finger around Sherlock's entrance, circling it and forcing the tip inside. Even if it was a light touch Sherlock moaned even louder inside his mouth, it was almost as if someone was performing CPR on him; it felt oddly intimate to touch Sherlock's arsehole as he breathed the air coming directly from his lungs. It nearly made him dizzy.
"He found this one just a couple of hours ago."
Sherlock’s mouth did something like a little smile, not really reaching his eyes. John didn’t know what his face was doing anymore. It was probably petrified this whole time.
the sound in his body, but Rosie and John’s comfort were always above his own, now. Still, his body was throbbing, aching, vibrating in mute. A particular high note made him bit his lower lip and flop onto the arm of his chair, crossing his legs so he could feel a bit of much-needed friction. The vibrato that came from that made his arse cheeks clench tightly and that simple and involuntary movement made his penis throb inside his pants.
"I only leaked useless information."
"Sherlock?"
"You will withdraw when you notice how deep you are reaching, Sherlock Holmes." Mycroft said with a sigh. "John will enlighten you with the details of the case and I'm sure you're clever enough to figure out the rest." Sherlock frowned at the tone his brother used and he rapidly eyed John, who just shook his head quickly and closed his eyes, sighing silently.
He should tell John about the aphrodisiacs found in two of the products. He started to type but then his mind took over.
"Oh, my brother was just trying to prove a point. The man they took to prison today appears as dead in the records..." Sherlock snorted, "Well, as dead as a man from the government can be."
A sigh was heard in the flat and then a couple of beeps.
"Yes!" Sherlock tossed John his phone with the text so he could read it, turning around, heading for Lestrade's office again. As soon as John caught it he frowned when he realised there were only two contacts; his and Mycroft's number. It was new, the last time he saw Sherlock's phone there were over hundred contacts. When he lifted his gaze Sherlock was already turning to Lestrade's office, he jogged to catch up.
There were three bags next to him on the passenger backseat. He couldn't believe how, even when Sherlock could do the shopping too, he still played by his rules. He got paid today so he could also buy some food, bathroom supplies... and the cheese snacks, just to piss him.
[Hair]
As he walked away from 221B this morning, after spending the night on Sherlock's sofa, he was actually considering the possibility to be obsessed with the detective and he let himself to be lost in this line of thoughts: maybe he was just in love with an illusion. But it didn't fade after Sherlock's turn down, quite the contrary; he wanted Sherlock to trust him, he wanted to help him... and John as well. It was his real desire but it seemed fogged with the current – maybe romantic – interest towards the detective. He was sure he would have to sort out his feelings somehow... but he also felt them meaningless. The black car finding him a couple of blocks from Baker Street as he left the detective's flat didn't help to ease his mood either.
"Really," the old man gestured with his hand for the detective to get closer, he and John got nearer to the little window "this part over here," he whispered making a round gesture with his index finger in the air, "they were all obliged to move out when they closed the factory over there. I recommend one of these abandoned flats to do whatever you want to, couples coming here usually use them." John had to fight the urge to wrinkle his nose and grimace. "Do not go near the canal, though."
"Aah! And why not?" John frowned, not that he wanted her to flirt with him, but really, he was curious.
"And he didn't do it. I assume you can ask Anderson to be useful for once and gather enough evidence to incriminate the brother…" Sherlock walked to the exit at the end of the hallway, flipping up the collar of his coat, preparing to leave.
texting. At the thought, she felt a bit betrayed. As a woman, to be interested in a man and failing at win him over because she was competing to another man... was a little frustrating. Still, she and John had talked it through and they became
They had poisoned the informants on both ends, then made it look like a suicide, planting a bullet in their skulls. The shot was post-mortem. Both victims were recurrent florists... after that, easy to track down.
“We knew that, but they… our parents wanted grandchildren to take care of the business, organised crime needs an heir, they said!”
When he was about to smile again, he became conscious of his facial expression; still there was this big, goofy grin plastered to his face and he frowned. Interesting. He texted back.
"Yes, good thing we're not on a case now..."
Now he realized how stupid his thought had been. He
“I should probably apologise, though,” Sherlock said solemnly. His hands went to his lap beneath the table and John lifted his brows in confusion. “I should have known what was going to happen, but then I found the phenethylamine…”
"What? What is it?" Angelo asked in his Italian accent as he observed Sherlock swallowing a huge piece of apple pie, he was almost as his usual flawless self, a wind whirl full of energy around the kitchen, sipping the last bit of coffee from his mug.
all over her..."
The door started to open and, after a second for dramatic effects, John was a good metre away from Sherlock, both of them breathing fast, and really looking as if caught in the middle of something. Sherlock’s shirt was rumpled and John’s face was scarlet.
“Whenever I fuck this up…” he made a gesture between the two of them. “You come with a newer, better version of yourself. Please believe me when I say I’m jealous. It’s small stuff or sometimes big stuff, but somehow you always come up cleverer, sharper… polished.”
"It's nature, John. Easier way to explain it." Sherlock smiled and sipped his tea as well. John glared at him playfully and smiled. Sherlock instinctively got closer to his companion and moved a little, making himself comfortable.
"Lestrade, I need to check the place the body was left." Said Sherlock as soon as he arrived. Lestrade gestured to him, tilting his head and they both walked upstairs. "Oh, and Donovan, you really should put a pillow under your knees when you clean Anderson's floor, they're going to bruise one of these days... and that makeup is way too dark even to cover the bags under your eyes."
. Sherlock had excellent cicatrisation. In the early days, he would cut himself and the spot had been completely healed in three to five days. That’s why, when Sherlock turned his back to John with just his T-shirt on, John braced himself for what was coming.
John frowned. “Obviou- sorry, what?”
"Three sugars, if I recall correctly?" a hand emerged from its confines. He had a glance of a very innocent and pleased smile. She took the offered cup and sipped from it, an appreciative sound coming from in between the blanket. He supported his back on the tree next to her and took off his phone, taking a big gulp of the warm liquid.
... how do I call you now?"
John got up from the sofa. He crossed his arms over his chest and looked down at Sherlock.
should have been an
Sherlock held his breath.
"Lay on your stomach, Sherlock."
"Hm..." he hummed, "no, no cases Sherlock, the only one still hanging is the one from last week, remember? The one about a bloody painting... did you check your website?"
mind."
brother. Or at least that's what he claimed. Mycroft had gone far enough to give him an advice:
“I… see…” John was flipping through the photographs and then looked at Sherlock, incredulous. “And how did you get these? Craig?”
"John... this... ahh...!" Sherlock moaned out loud as he kept on rocking his hips against John's. He knew they were close. John's panting and gasping became rapid, he wasn't able to speak anymore and he fell back against the mattress again, his elbow not able to keep him up anymore, the hand on Sherlock's hair moved somewhere on the other's back, his ankles had moved behind the detective's thighs at some point but he couldn't remember when.
Sherlock’s laughter was silent, only his shoulders moving. John could feel tears coming to his eyes as Sherlock made a circle with his arms and hands in the air, as if massaging a big ball in front of them.
undercover as well,
He told Sarah she had no idea about their friendship, how she shouldn't step into his business. He also told her if she didn't want to be with him now, to not interfere with his private life... etc. It was all pretty shitty and John felt like hell. Especially after her little comment at the end
“I mean it. It’s fine,” John turned to look at Sherlock and Sherlock noted with horror how John’s eyes roamed over his body, stopping for a second on the tented towel. He didn’t seem uncomfortable, which told a great deal about John Watson’s personality. “I can turn around for a bit if you… need…” he cleared his throat as he motioned with his hand in the direction of Sherlock’s groin.
"What gives you enough confidence to believe that
John lifted his gaze and his expression changed into one of pure adoration as he moved over Sherlock, his palms rested at each side of Sherlock's face over the mattress as the rest of their bodies were pressed together, they both felt the sticky substance spreading between their stomachs but none of them cared. Without breaking his stare, John kissed the other man, both of their eyes locked into each other as the lazy kiss deepened. Neither of them could move anything but their lips and tongues. Butterfly kisses were given and received, some of them deepened, some of them didn't. John lost the track of time as he kissed his friend, eyes still open, none of them dared to break the moment or to close their eyes. They played with their tongues, they took in the whole of their visual field occupied by the other's face. Their noses touched, their breaths mixed, Sherlock's hand lazily fell over John's waist, pressing them closer together, not bothered by the weight of his friend over him.
"And wh-"
The thing is, he had been quite sure he had committed every word to memory, but sitting in front of his computer with Google right there, he realised he hadn’t. What he had committed to memory were the feelings; that’s why when he closed his eyes he could see Sherlock again… having an orgasm, words like honey drifting from his mouth, something about sensuality, about madness.
He was pretty sure that The Wink was going to be one of those moments. And Sherlock’s shakiness afterwards, even though he tried to act normal, had been too obvious.
John wanted to laugh. He wanted to be mad at him, he wanted to ask, scream '
"Hm?"
"I was like this, correct?" Sherlock motioned to his body with his hands and John tried to suppress the heat running over his cheeks.
He chuckled as Rosie started to tell Mycroft and John about the genius Billy and the idiot prince Myke, then he sat on his chair and closed his eyes, his mind back on the case.
“She was testing them on herself. Obviously since they were close, Chloe also inhaled some of the concentrate the same way you did this morning. She was never directly exposed but Elsie was also making sure she released the antidote before going to sleep, so she was never in any danger except for last night.”
"I don't want that anymore though. I want this... I'm strong enough to be by your side, Sherlock... I can take care of you, even if you don't want me to. I can be there when you need me. I can kill for you if you want. Hell, I can even d-"
“John, I appreciate your concern, but I assure you I’m completely fine just… please do
wanted to be called...
"Sherlock... I am perfectly capable to kick the shit out of you if I want to. I'm not a fine china you have to take care of, you know...? I'm strong. I've been in the war. I've seen..." he gulped and cleared his throat, Sherlock's grip on his arm tightened a little in a silent support, "God if only you knew... if only you
"None of your business."
Sherlock frowned and did what he was told. He had never seen Lestrade so troubled.
"Where is the line?" Sherlock demanded this time, his voice firm and deep.
As he continued writing the story, he found himself just about to write down the incident in the pub, about how hurt he had been, and the relief upon Sherlock telling him he was his one and only friend.
“Shut up!” John whispered.
there?"
John entered his room, put some pyjamas on, gave Rosie a kiss and got under the covers. His mind was still tormenting him with the wink. The Wink.
"What." Sherlock turned to John with a confused frown. The light outside was still enough to read, even, so Sherlock had a really good view of his friend with the little distance separating their faces; the doctor was flushed and was still giggling uncontrollably.
"I will never do that." the younger man walked to Mycroft, standing in front and taking a big gulp of air. "I've seen innocent people going down thanks to my family pulling their strings." Armand tried to ignore the weakened state of his knees when he saw how Mycroft opened big eyes at that, "I went to see your brother because I'm convinced he can make the
gone.
"No, Sherlock, sorry. No Cluedo tonight. No. I'm too tired."
"Sherlock! We need to get out of here, fast. John will join us, I'm sure. We have the evidence we came for!"
“I mean, there’s more to this case.”
"I was."
received at 04:20.
to touch yourself to release your body needs, you won't touch you, you won't come..."
Yours, Kr-Nl
He lifted his hands and was about to place them at both sides of John’s jaw, but he could see how John’s face made a little frown and how he steeled himself. Sherlock knew right then that this game of theirs had its limits. Several scenarios came rushing to his mind. He could even kiss John and John would let him (
"No problem." John and Lestrade opened wide eyes and they eyed each other. Were they hearing right? No objections? What was the whole talking for, then? "If that's all, Lestrade, either please go away or give me a new case."
"Urgh!" Sherlock let out a loud groan and withdrew his hand from John. He was breathing a bit heavier than normal, looking at the floor, almost dramatically. Slowly, he lifted his gaze to John, who had his cheek red from friction.
"I need a case." The phrase was quiet, whispered almost and John couldn't help but laugh, he took the newspaper again and began to scan it quickly.
The flat was silent, an unfathomable, thick, silence. John noted immediately that he missed the comfortable one. He had to confess, that even when he didn't like the familiarity of the younger phone sex worker, there was something that just didn't let him hate the bloke, quite contrary; he had enjoyed the breakfast, it felt good, actually, that somebody dared to treat them both, Sherlock and him, with that familiar way instead of the
"Sherlock, can I ask you a couple of questions?"
They were acting, but there was still a dangerous disturbance in Sherlock’s lower abdomen.
Rosie’s routine was very simple to go through; after dinner she and Sherlock said “
John didn’t make a sound; his hands continued the massage, this time with pressure over the muscles. Sherlock couldn’t help a small groan. John did it again and this time Sherlock huffed through his nose. He was obviously affected but John, again, didn’t seem to mind.
“Because she asked.” Sherlock’s voice was tired, John could tell. “When I came back, she asked Mycroft for any permanent trauma or medical condition she should be aware of.”
shape, his brows up and his gaze over the chaos. In his mind a little victory.
When John stepped back into the living room, he saw Sherlock's good arm working on his own neck. John didn't know when or how or why, but his fingers replaced Sherlock's. He took a hold of his actions when it was already too late to step back.
, who is amazing and always teaches me so much (and has the patience of a saint, with my writing and my rants!). She makes an indirect appearance in this chapter too! (Did you notice, dear?)
"Sherlock... your bloody... curly hair is tickling my nose..." the voice was sleepy and Sherlock could tell John was smiling lightly. The detective didn't move but a little snort let John know Sherlock was smiling now, too.
“I don’t need an ambulance. Where’s John?” Sherlock put the mask in his pocket as he spoke, still out of breath but more composed than before.
The girl came out of her trance and turned her face to John. She was shorter than him, had big green eyes. Her hair was long, brown with a shade of red.
As the detective talked over the phone they entered their flat, taking off their wet clothes. Soon Sherlock was sitting on his chair with the notepad over his lap, John was curious about the discovery Sherlock had made in the port, so he just followed and sat on the chair in front.
John sighed. There was still a tickling sensation in his lower belly and he cursed mentally. In his mind, everything that happened last night was replaying nonstop; Sherlock's voice, how warm he was, his movements, how lost he seemed. It was the first time seeing Sherlock so discomposed, so out of himself.
He clinched his fists - hell, he had even killed for this man, and would do it again, no second thoughts too. He would definitely protec-
behind.
"Why would Mycroft want that?"
John was alone in the clinic's cafeteria having only a sandwich for lunch. He was in a hurry; there had been a multiple-vehicle collision and the emergency room was crowded. He had been receiving texts from Sherlock all morning, so he decided to leave his phone on silence mode. Now sitting there, he could finally read all of the missing texts he'd got since twelve o'clock.
Sherlock walked to her and placed a firm hand on her shoulder, only his eyes could be seen and she saw Sherlock again in them. They held security and a petulant stare, but as they looked at her she saw that look subsiding and those eyes smiled, wrinkling at the sides.
"I did." John stated before he could catch his voice. Sherlock smiled gently but didn't open his eyes. John's hands moved below Sherlock's jaw and his own jaw tensed. The pale skin was flushed at certain spots John's hands had touched: neck, especially. The doctor could barely see the change of colour thanks to the faint light of the fading sunset outside. The flat was wrapped in a warm orange-like light, the silence was overwhelming; the only sounds being heard were their own breathing, Sherlock's voice, and that subtle whisper of skin dragging over skin.
"Raw sensations, no filtered by reasoning?"
"John does." Sherlock said in a whispered voice "And he expresses that in every variable existent in the English language."
"You leave my son in peace."
Sherlock kissed him eagerly. John was taken aback by the sudden action, lost in the rhythm Sherlock had decided out of the blue, but he allowed himself to relax. Soon the mess of teeth and tongue took a normal course; he flicked his tongue inside Sherlock's mouth and it was sucked by the other, his fingers got lost in the dark curls, Sherlock's hands moved indecisively between his shoulders, neck and scalp, his breathing erratic through his nose, little sounds forming in the depth of his throat. It was madness, and soon John felt himself getting lost in the kiss.
received at 15:31.
"Oh, well if it's a crime I already have a suspect." Donovan said walking behind Sherlock and in front of Lestrade.
"Even if it were true, Sherlock... what's the point in pursuing it? You know if Mycroft wants you out of this he will succeed." Sherlock's expression changed from exited to serious and John continued. "Mycroft is not your enemy, Sherlock... he is your brother at the end."
Chapter 9 and 10 won't take as long as this one.
Sherlock stared down as John slowly opened his eyes, he was panting hard, his lips parted and his expression contorted in pleasure, the pleasure that Sherlock had brought alone.
"They do, but they usually erase them after one day or two... you can ask for a copy if you liked the conversation too much, tho'..." added the young man.
"I know exactly what to do. I know where to go."
At the thought of The Woman, there was a knot in his stomach; he couldn't quite place the feeling. He posted the entry and kept on thinking about all of the times he’d seen Sherlock behaving like a human being. Surprisingly, there were a lot. John had seen Sherlock doubt, he had seen him hurt, nervous, gentle, loving, caring… and he had even seen him… aroused.
"Crap... yes it is. And I have to be in court tomorrow, eight in the morning."
"You're so sweet, Mrs. Hudson. Thank you so much."
He took the opportunity and ducked in the stairway; if he bent down enough, he would be able to see, without going downstairs, what Sherlock was up to. He saw Sherlock's profile; he was reading the contents of his phone, there was a smile on his face and, now and then, his shoulders would shake a little with a silenced chuckle. John watched the scene with delight. After a couple of minutes, Sherlock shifted the position of his phone and wrote a text. In the faint light, John saw the detective smiling still. Apparently, once the text was sent, Sherlock tilted is head back on the chair, facing the ceiling and then sighed deeply. The book still on his lap, unopened. After a couple of seconds, John's phone emitted a light. He took it and saw the message.
Sherlock looked at him with a frown. It looked comical, his serious face with the moans in the background.
"Don't. Do. That." He warned. The words barely made their way out through Sherlock's clenched teeth. John took off his hand immediately from that spot when he realized the way he was touching the other man. With an amused expression on his face, he fisted his hands looking for a place to place them, hopefully away from Sherlock's feet. Finally, he folded his arms on his chest. "No... It’s okay, John. Just... not there." Sherlock added.
He knew that if he wanted, he should be able to control his body; all he needed was a minimum amount of concentration. Soon he realized he didn't want to. He welcomed the sensations, he wanted to feel more... like that night, when he allowed his body to do and react the way it wanted, according to the natural drugs it was releasing.
Sherlock glared at him at the comment, "don't I live with one?"
Completely naked now he went back to the bed, pulled the covers completely from John's figure and sat. John was nearly hard has well, a bulge was evidently tenting his pyjama bottoms, muscles in his stomach were clenched and pupils moved rapidly behind closed eyelids.
mind.
“John,” Sherlock interrupted, serious, but not trying to put some distance between them. “My scarf and my coat might still have some of the... liquid. I need to…”
"John."
Sherlock did without question and John started to knead softly around his ribs over the vest, then moved his hands to Sherlock’s waist, sending an involuntary shiver to his body that wasn’t acknowledged, even if the touch was completely clinical. John’s hands went up and around to his shoulder blades and to the small of his back and Sherlock had to use all of his willpower to suppress a more notorious shiver.
"O-Okay…" the childish voice was timid, it was frightening, disturbing. Sherlock put the phone back inside his pocket, connection still on, but he clearly didn't want to hear it; John didn't miss this detail, or the gesture of disgust on Sherlock's face. They kept on looking for the source of the voice, examining every spot their eyes could reach from their strategic location at the stairs.
"So... what do I need to do to stimulate your mind?"
“Hm?” Sherlock opted for not speaking.
So, Sherlock's final conclusion was this: of course he shouldn't want to be touched by John, least of all receive a massage. It was too dangerous for them. For him. How would he react to John’s oily hands slowly tracing his back, counting his scars, discovering the one at his right buttock and trying to find where it ended, purely out of curiosity and – dare he think – friendly concern? How would John react if he knew that this particular scar would lead him to find two more at the back of his thighs? How would Sherlock react to John asking how he had gotten them all? What if John wanted to learn how he had survived? What could Sherlock say? “
“It’s not really that odd, considering it really
“Yes. Our client wants to talk to us later in the afternoon. She said she is going to Baker Street around two if she’s feeling good.” Sherlock thought for a minute and added, “Oh, but didn’t you have to go to... work?”
"Excellent! Don't forget to keep Sherlock alive, no matter the cost, but! At first contact Sebastian will put a bullet into their bodies. And
He looked at his palm and asked himself if giving Sherlock pleasure – or helping him to reach that climax – would, somehow, redeem him a little bit.
received at 18:01.
"Really." Sherlock said surprised.
"Did you-?"
Sherlock smiled, blinking slowly. He looked down at himself and then back to John's eyes with a deeper frown now, "After all we uh... did. Is this normal?"
with you, I'm with you because I want to."
“No.” John found himself smiling too, despite the tension and his fast heartbeat. He wasn’t mad at Sherlock. He was… he had no idea what he was feeling. “No, there is no need to apologise.”
“So,” John started, lifting the heavy, sudden and inexplicable tension in the air, “We were inducted to the politics of the spa today.” He moved to clean the other arm, “We were told that massages are
"Sherlock is a human being, Mycroft. I think he is capable of feeling just like anyone else." Mycroft made a little smile.
. Ever.
"Who is Philip Smith?" John asked, keeping Mycroft's stare.
"Have I succeeded in seducing you, John Watson?"
to be apologetic), to finally agreed no boundaries inside the flat. If there was something going on – a date, for example, as John had made clear to point out – they would have let the other know before. Sherlock usually didn't go into his room, but the times he did – to take a book, to ask for John's phone, to take the laptop – John would still freak out a little, even when he politely knocked every time. He didn't, last night. He hadn't freaked out. He actually wanted for him to stay a little longer.
The detective sipped his coffee silently now, victory dancing in his eyes. John and Armand looked at the man in awe.
" [Lestrade!] Sherlock yelled, turning around almost completely and trying to fight the firm grip on his arms. "Desrrad, what happened to the laptops? I didn't catch what you said..."
"I don't know..." Sherlock took the paper from the confines of his pocket and observed the numbers on it. He heard John clearing his throat and giving a throaty giggle at the same time.
"Yes... damn it."
**..**
"So, as I told you…" he told her after explaining the situation, "I think it would be on your own behalf if you stop lying to yourself. You knew the answer all along. Now it's up to you if you do something about this." Sherlock spoke seriously; a middle aged woman, younger than Mrs. Hudson, listened intently. Her eyes danced up and down the younger detective's face. Her expression indescribable. She wanted to get mad. She
"Yes," she breathed out, "I have a black nighty on..."
He nodded and furtively started a chronometer on his phone. “Exactly. We’ve done software design for other companies with requirements similar to yours.”
“Hamish?”
” Ah. There it was.
Sent at 5:10
He had to admit it pained him. And it confused him even when everything in his mind was in order. On one hand he was relieved; his mind being in order was something he could trust for sure and then the events that would follow he knew exactly what to do. On the other hand, he knew Mycroft was right. He cared, deeply, about John. He knew it.
covered in chocolate. He snorted at his own thought, he couldn't help it. His shoulders started to shake and soon a throaty little laugh escaped his lips. It was the first time in his life having such a thought, and about a man, at that. Months before, he would only imagine a naked woman – or in a nighty, in a compromising position and... that would be all.
"Thanks..." John flashed him a little, surprised smile as he tasted his new glass of beer. He made an approval sound and a nod. Sherlock smirked and sat again, the same position he was before. Their shoulders supported each other. They finished their drinks in silence. Again silence, that comfortable silence. The silence and quiet they both loved so much, even with the loud music behind.
"Hello. Who are you?" this voice seemed younger than the woman before. Early thirties, Sherlock deduced.
Sherlock giggled at this and soon John followed.
"All right..."
He tried to speak, but his throat was sealed, he felt gag reflex and pain. He coughed and soon he was about to vomit. He felt a hand on his chest and a pinch in his nipples, he managed a sound somewhere deep in his throat.
"You okay?" John asked rubbing his eyes, huffing tiredly.
John smiled surprised again, he was really interested in the case now. It seemed much more...
"Sce-what scene? It's not a crime, Sherlock."
Sherlock had had an exhausting week as well. He hadn't slept in three days. At this point, John was actually considering using some sleeping pills so the man would get some rest, and hopefully in his bedroom this time. He hadn't been prepared emotionally for… anything, really. With what happened with their case last week, the Hound, as they called it, he had not been prepared. He had never seen Sherlock emotionally shaken like that and didn't want to see it ever again. John closed his eyes and remembered what had happened; this last week had been crazy when they got back from Dartmoor, he didn't have the time to think, let alone post on his blog. He was glad his blog had the option to post out of date, that way he could keep things in order.
found him sites that spoke of yoga and meditation.
“You said she was from New York…”
"I am aware of that, yes, but that's not what brought you here, is it?" Trying to change the topic, Mycroft offered him a cigarette; Phillip took it and toyed with it between his fingers. The gesture somehow annoyed Mycroft.
"Very. It was incredibly chilly outside and I had to wait a long time for a cab..." Sherlock sighed and proceeded, "the cabbie who took me in was returning to his home, so he left me around five blocks from here..." the serious tone in which Sherlock was talking seemed incredibly humorous to John, who was visualizing an over grown kid sulking.
"What? No, of course not. I'm just saying..." John turned to face Sherlock, trying to ignore the knot in his stomach, "that Armand would have been useful. He knows the facilities and the people working there. That's all. No second meanings."
"Sorry, sir..." the woman said, "but I am afraid we don't have a service under the name of exotic fantasy..."
John stood up from his sitting position and supported himself with one knee over the mattress, one foot still on the floor. He spread the lotion over shoulder blades and pressed his knuckles there. There was a very ugly sound when he made more pressure. Sherlock whined with an
They watched Abby leave the spa and Sherlock opened a map on his phone to follow Abby’s route. It was relatively close, only 30 minutes by car. That gave Elsie and Chloe 30 minutes to fall asleep.
"Sherlock! What the-" John pretended to sound mad there, but there was something in his voice giving him away, his aroused state from before came back full force.
He wrote down everything as he was told, the laptop's battery was almost dying, but he managed to write everything down and, taking a memory flash, he saved a copy of the whole folder just in case.
“Her father made her do that!” she exclaimed. “We didn’t… it was never our intention to kill anyone with PIEDRA, we only wanted to make them realise how it felt to be in love!”
"The idea is appealing, yeah." John answered giving a light tilt of his head as well, his face was also very serious.
"Sherlock?"
Sherlock snorted, his shoulders moving with the sudden effort. “I have an eight gigabyte SD in my wallet.”
He shook his head and headed up the stairs. He could hear muffled voices, Sherlock and a man. The pitch was not as rough, so not Greg, then.
“Pattern?”
"You collected- what?"
“You know each other?” Craig asked, it was not part of the plan but still worked.
Sherlock smiled a bit at that and John smiled, never taking his eyes from Sherlock's. The detective's smile widened and his lips moved, still closed, into a more confident smirk. He placed his hand over John's and the doctor separated a little his fingers, letting Sherlock's fingers to fall in between.
And he wanted John to live.
"One week!" Lestrade placed his fist over his desk, startling Donovan, "one week and you have what? Nothing. I'm calling him, Sergeant Donovan, and for the last time, I don't want you to bother him, I don't want you to call him freak, either..." he paused. The woman in front opened big eyes. "I'm sorry... it's just..." his voice softened, "there must be something we're missing..."
"No, of course not..." Phillip shifted on his chair, took a lighter from his pocket and lighting Mycroft's and his cigar he continued, "It's the Turner's Reichenbach."
John came out of the bathroom when he saw that scene and froze. Headshaking, he got closer to Jack, who had a knowingly smile on his face. He was looking at Sherlock and the girl. Jack seemed to recognize John, he turned to him.
"Good." Sherlock played again with the - now cold - coffee inside his cup and continued, "Now, place your fingertips over your nipples. Move them in circular patterns..." he moved the coffee inside his cup in circular patterns as well, as if to follow his own orders, "...now with your thumb and index, nip them softly... gently. Can you feel that?"
But what was happening inside his body and mind was way stronger than his logical reasoning. He was used to the close presence of his companion, to be left out of personal space when he was around, but this was completely different. His most inner desire was surfing up; he wanted to, he really wanted to cut the space between his face and Sherlock's. A terrifying and thrilling sensation was forming in his body as it reacted to his desires since, almost by itself, his hand moved to Sherlock's face.
Sherlock moved his head so their cheeks were touching now. It was stimulating. John felt a weird state of contentment despite his memories; it was the first time for them to talk about such matters. Even if the growing sensation in his pants told him otherwise, he wanted to hear Sherlock, he wanted to tell him everything. The feelings? A mixture between sexual arousal, friendship, unconditional love, tenderness, frustration, understanding, longing... all of that in a simple hug. And he loved it, he felt alive.
Sent at 5:25
“Which one?” Sherlock replied, but he wasn’t looking up. He had lifted both of his eyebrows, though. John put the casserole on the stove and turned to look at the scene.
"Okay. Where do you want me to touch?" At the answer, Sherlock opened his eyes. He really didn't know what to reply.
Being in Afghanistan, he always thought about getting back to London. He didn't want to die there. He wanted to settle down. Inside his most lovely fantasies, he had a wife, she would have long hair and a good temper, they would have kids. They would turn a comfortable house into a home. They would love each other and their kids. They would grow old together and he would watch his kids growing, maybe one of them would like to share the soldier career, he would be proud of them. Then, he would die old and gray in the peace of his home. Sweet dreams those were.
“The gun in your pocket,” he started, his tone clipped and fast. “You didn’t have the intention to kill anyone in this house. You probably don’t even know the real identity of Wilson Hargreave since you were too young to remember and his name wasn’t in the official records. You weren’t on the normal road here and you didn’t have the gun with you when you were at Elsie’s place earlier.” She gasped again at this. “So I must assume you went out of your way to get the gun, but why would you do that? If we take into consideration that you were rejected twice tonight and how you already have everything you needed from Elsie, including the products for the sex spa - and yes, we know about that and PIEDRA and I must tell you, that’s illegal.” He made a flourish with his hand at Abby’s intake of air and continued, “Also, let’s not forget she was the only one who knew everything about the business and there’s no real connection between the two of you except for your spa’s logo profile, which is the first clue that gave you away and fairly obvious, by the way. You were on your way back to kill Chloe Hilton and Elsie Patrick in their sleep. And yes, considering the rope burn on your left hand that wasn’t there before, you wanted to make it look like suicide on Elsie’s part - romantic concept of her killing Chloe and then hanging herself - hence you came here first to make an alibi, thinking Wilson Hargreave was going to help you, going by the message he sent you, coincidentally, just in time.”
"You can text me. I will be stepping out of the lab every thirty minutes to check my phone."
“I just need to…” Sherlock gestured to the bedside table on Chloe’s side.
"Come in." John supported himself on an elbow, groaning with the action, he saw the shadow of a tall figure in the door. "You okay? Did they find the pickup?"
"I think I have checked over thirty people just from six am..." she said in a very whining tone, "night shift had to stay too, I'm relieved people from the afternoon shift arrived earlier, so we could finally have a lunch break..." Sarah took the first bite of her sandwich and continued talking between bites. John's eyes battled between the woman in front and the text he was writing.
Sherlock took yet another sip from his coffee. The hot liquid in contrast with the cold air felt splendid. Again, a bitter smile crossed his face, this time for entirely different reasons
"Are these the ones you brought from the facility?" he asked, opening the small one. A screen asking for a password opened and the older brother just stared at the screen.
"Oh for God's sake..." Sherlock sighed, throwing his head back on the armrest of the sofa; the doctor followed his every move. Sherlock was still with his blazer on, but it was opened and now it hung from his sides, a deep blue shirt under that. As always, he had a couple of buttons loosed at the neck, the scarf was over a chair near the kitchen. He had taken off his shoes and socks, and his long feet were now supporting themselves on the doctor's lap.
say that it must be placid in our heads, because it
“You’re drowned in a fish tank, brother mine.”
” as she ran her small hand over a lipstick stain. Or “
“Yeah, Miss Eldridge, the receptionist? Well, hello there, darling,” he took Rosie from Sherlock with an already practised move. “Oh, and the owner, Abby Slaney is American. She tried to fake the accent the whole interview, but I could tell that it was somewhat forced.”
"I told you..."
“Where is that from?” he asked, his voice muffled by Sherlock’s shirt.
On his way back to the Yard, a cab nearly hit him and he couldn't see the driver. It was odd, since the cab seemed to be waiting for him. Again, not enough evidence so he didn't reach a conclusion. Then, near the Yard, a falling brick almost hit his head; he looked up everywhere and even thought about calling Lestrade but decided against it in the middle of the dial. Instead he walked up to the roof of the building, spending there almost an hour, observing the people below him, looking for anything suspicious.
The doctor started to doze off, Sherlock continued to play with that bloody little sphere.
The doctor was about to talk again, but Sherlock took his notebook and searched for the last written page. John sighed, frustrated.
. A pleasure - a luxury - he had denied himself for years, but John knew it now. It made him feel exposed, but, again surprisingly, it didn't bother him.
"Do... do what? What do you mean?"
“You can call me Bill,” Sherlock said with a wink, now trying to disassociate them from the heavy atmosphere that they had somehow created. John laughed briefly and cleared his throat.
, but he couldn't really tell what it was, "You're upset, care to explain? Is this about the press?"
Sherlock was looking intently to Lestrade, who just stared back. He believed Sherlock of course, and he was aware they were there only once, but Donovan couldn't know Greg had been there with them at the time.
With a content sigh and a proud expression, John sat next to Sherlock. The detective wore a serious, indescribable one.
"John, I need you to go to the crime scene as soon as possible. Search for dirt, broken plants' pots... collect samples of everything and take them to the lab, tell them to run them immediately. I have one here as well. There's something here that just doesn't fit."
"Shhh! Sound sensors!" Sherlock whispered, opening big eyes and eyeing around the place. John's scream still echoed on the walls around them.
“You were looking at Chloe and smiling every few minutes. You know she’s going to be thrilled to reunite with her fiancée’s godfather.”
“We found nothing of Abby Slaney going to Ridling Thorpe,” Lestrade’s voice came urgent and muffled by the speaker of Sherlock’s phone. “Sidney Eldridge is not going to confess, but that’s not my division since that’s Martin’s water wastes case.”
"You're not teasing me this time, then." John was surprised at himself. It was supposed to be a question but it went out as an order instead.
It was a little confirmation about John's suspicions, it was the
Mycroft hung up and sighed once again today. "Armand took Xavier to the police station to present his proofs." He said absently rubbing his temples and closing his eyes. The phone was still in his hand.
“Thank you,” he added politely.
"That's it, Sherlock. Then I told you I was here, but really, I'm not that good of an actor."
“Oh! May I ask you something?” Mrs Hudson said and Abby stopped.
"Sherlock, you did an awful job... this doesn't look good."
"All right..." Sherlock took a brief gulp of air and lowered his voice, he started to purr the words, "touch your neck..." he said, accentuating each consonant, "imagine that your hands are my hands going down your skin..." he heard a light rustle at the other side of the phone, "... go lower and touch your breasts, move your hands up and down a bit... and around them,
Sherlock was standing in the middle of his room, observing himself in the mirror. He was blushing, embarrassing as it was, he
He commanded his lips to open and speak, but there was no sound coming from them. None of the drugs he had tried before had this effect in his body and he was suddenly terrified. He couldn't trust any of his senses. He tried to concentrate on John's voice, but now he was hearing it like if he had a glass over each ear. He wanted to move his head and couldn't, the only things that seemed to be working fine were his eyeballs and fingers. He felt his legs trembling along with his torso.
"I did." Sherlock stared into John's eyes, knowing John’s line of thoughts. "But I won't talk to her."
"You really care about him. You went to see
"I see..." Sherlock said rubbing his upper lip with his index finger, "so this code, what logic does it have?"
"It is embarrassing, Sherlock." he started, at the same time he placed loudly the two cups on the kitchen table. "I knew my father was involved somehow but I only thought it was because of my aunt. I had my suspicions since she was the only one offering me her help when she knew I had gone away from my parent's home. It seemed suspicious and I thought my father had sent her, but then I realized that she knew an awful lot about my job. After talking about it with Xavier my suspicion rose, but I never imagined..." at this point, Armand's voice trembled. The usually low and calmed voice had now a little tremor and it slowly high pitched with every word. Sherlock looked at him expressionless, waiting for him to finish.
"Sherlock...?" John's fingernail, despite being really short, managed to get deep into Sherlock's skin. The detective startled lightly. John heard a short
“Do tell Celia to take care of her, and to add a splash of vanilla to her porridge, she developed a liking to it.”
“Hello.” John had his gun pointed at her and she only lifted one eyebrow.
Lestrade just made a frown and looked over at John for answers, John just eyed Sherlock. The detective made an exasperated frown and kept on explaining.
, John thought immediately about the strawberry pills and chocolates –, and his laptop, he sat back on his chair.
"That we captured the woman at the facility."
John's search stopped when he touched a patch very close to the armpit area. He took it off and recognized it as a transdermal patch; used in medicine to deliver drugs into the bloodstream.
John saw, with little disgust, how the girl brushed long fingernails by Sherlock's jaw. His eyes were fixed on hers all the time. Sherlock eyes never moved to look more of her. In John's head, a scene from months ago was replayed. Irene, naked, in front of Sherlock. The detective had said
“Had. Exactly,” Sherlock smirked and got up from his chair, his camel dressing gown making a flourish as he gestured in the air. “She took the necklace off two months ago. She informed Miss Hilton that she had lost it, but that’s the
have to go after her and clear this misunderstanding! It's your fault after all, Sherlock!" John took off his jacket and placed a little bottle of lotion on the desk, right in front of Sherlock with a loud noise. The detective eyed the bottle, frowned, and then looked at John. "Mrs. Hudson! She gave me this bottle of lotion!" John added with a throaty growl. He stood mute for a minute, his glare locked with Sherlock's and then... he burst into laughter. His companion followed and soon they were laughing so hard that John had to support himself in the back of the armchair, leaving his jacket there. "Really, Sherlock..." he said, gasping "...you
"So this must be an especial occasion." '
“No,” Wilson pointed out. “My nephew was in love with Abby but then he learned she went for women but didn’t give up. He was helping her to put her business together but then he learned about the PIEDRA issue and left the clue for whomever was going to investigate her. He almost died a few weeks later, stomach problems, they said. Since Abby tried to kill him, I used my contacts to put him under a witness protection programme. I knew about PIEDRA but didn’t have anything in my hand to prove it because it leaves no traces for the standard tests. It was the same way my very good friend Patrick - even though he was a criminal - and his wife died. I followed Elsie to protect her. So when she came to London I thought she was going to be safe until I learned Slaney was in the UK, too. I always knew Elsie was threatened by her.”
When the third slide had been satisfactorily rubbed under Martin’s nails, Sherlock had completely forgotten about the two men in the living room, having gone back to the kitchen to check the sample under his microscope.
"Now, with your free hand, touch your chest, slowly." Sherlock did as he was told; he moved his palm over his torso. "Move lower and touch your hip now, you will find a bone there... press over it, gently." Sherlock did. "Now, slide your hand and touch your inner tight, rub all the way up from your knee."
very distracted. What did Abby want?” Sherlock reached for John’s nape with his left hand, holding him in place. John made a little noise that felt like a warning to Sherlock, so he lifted his hand a bit; enough to fool the cameras but not really touching John.
John seemed worried last night after the cracking noise in his spine, he had told Sherlock to
“Good. Do you have the slides?” Sherlock asked. He looked in the mirror once again only to discover he was still blushing. He frowned at his own reflection.
John clenched his eyes and gasped through the laughter and curses. His agitated state slowly subsided, being replaced by a slow and steady breathing. He closed his eyes gently now, as if to prove he was relaxed enough. When he did that, he immediately noticed how silent the flat was. The only noises that could be heard were his own breathing and Sherlock's calmed one.
"The same you liked to do when we were younger.
Separating his mouth from Sherlock's, he growled out between gasps "You're driving me fucking insane..." Sherlock opened his eyes lazily and clenched them again as John kissed him once more. With his unused hand, John brought Sherlock's hand to the front of his jeans. Sherlock moved his other hand in between their bodies and touched John's erection over the fabric. John growled again at the contact.
The wrapped man then took the cup and the cake. He paced awkwardly to the couch with everything in his hands; trying not to drop the sheet, the cup, the cake or the phone as he did so. Then, he placed everything on the table and put his laptop over his knees. He browsed for
"As you always do." He repeated. She didn't look back; her stare was fixed over her own hand. Slowly she opened the door and dismissed herself from Lestrade's office.
... oh yes, John... Please..."
"Sherlock?" the doctor called as soon as he opened the door of the flat, there was no answer and it was extremely silent, Mrs. Hudson was nowhere to be seen, she probably was with Mrs. Turner. He sighed and turned on the light over the desk and moved to the kitchen to turn on the kettle.
"Interesting." John nodded while looking at some point in front. "I saw a video on the net a long time ago, about a bloke who entered a giant fridge-like camera. They also put a steak in there. After several minutes, the steak was frozen but the man wasn't... want to watch it? I'm sure I can still find it..." he said pointing to the laptop in front.
Sherlock smiled back, his face completely relieved, and stared at John's eyes for a moment. To John, it was an eternity. This time, it was Sherlock whom got closer. He closed his eyes slowly, parted a little his lips and pressed them over John'. It was the first time Sherlock kissing someone like that by own initiative. He decided to enjoy the moment. Never taking his hands off John's face, he parted his lips further and felt John doing the same. Their lips moved together, slowly. Neither of them wanted to involve tongue. John moaned involuntarily, for it was the best kiss he'd ever had. It was slow and sensual, naive even. The dry sounds resonating in the room of lips against lips was nearly indecent.
He couldn't help but laugh shortly at that. He was pretty sure if he was being seen, he really would look like a madman.
Sherlock was leaning over John, supporting himself on the mattress, carefully not touching him, he leaned further and ghosted his nose by John's neck, breathing deeply the scent of aftershave, soap, shampoo and John's own fragrance. He stopped when his lips brushed against John's life vein. It was pumping vigorously, steady. He moved then his nose close to John's nose and lips and he smelled the air that went out from there, same with his cheek, he brushed his lips against them, both sides, inhaling and cataloguing every smell he could collect.
"What do I tell him?"
“It’s okay, Miss Hanson, don’t you worry!” Sherlock couldn’t help but smile at Mrs Hudson’s thought of changing her name to Rosie’s attempt to her last name. “Are you alright?”
, to scan. Those extraordinary words were coming from the extraordinary man in front of him. The firm doctor, the secure and loyal John. Nerves of steel John Watson. The soldier, the doctor, the friend, the heart.
"Alright, now I'm going to take it off... is that okay with you?"
**..**
“I lost sight of her from here, where is she now?”
Sherlock couldn’t help it. He laughed. He took the
They climbed the stairs and Sherlock took his coat off, and started to pace around the flat.
the right to know..." John's tone was a bit harsh and demanding in contrast with his actions, he still massaged Sherlock's hand and fingers one by one.
The cafe was almost empty. It was nearly ten in the morning and John sipped on his mug and tapped the table impatiently. It wasn't usual for Mycroft being late, and he had to meet Sherlock in about an hour. But if John could obtain some information from Mycroft, the course of the investigation could really change for good.
"I'm so glad you came, Mycroft..." she said continuing their little chat, placing the tray on the kitchen table, Mycroft just listened with a gentle smile on his face. "I am sure Sherlock will be happy to see you care. He will never admit it, but he
kind of joke but Joey mumbled something and I put my head down to hear. Joey raised
“I was -”
Sherlock sighed. "Nothing."
, actually. It was almost unbelievable, but at the same time it seemed almost logical, the only possible way out. The romanticism, longing and holding with previous partners didn't exist between him and Sherlock. What did he expect? A kiss? Taking it slow? Was it even possible with a man craving for data like Sherlock? Possibly, yes. John shook his head. The course of events and the precedents said otherwise. They met the first day and they agreed sharing a flat, second day he killed a man for Sherlock's safety. Third day it was almost as if they knew each other all of their lives.
"Of course, Greg." John said, his smile widening.
.' '...
"Awful," he said, "the press is all over the place, they are following the Yard no matter where they go, that Lestrade fellah gives little information, he keeps saying that he will talk about the cases once they are solved. Just then he would give the press information and not before," he shook his head with a smile "he really knows how to handle them, doesn't he..."
"What?"
"Don't do it." Sherlock made a gesture with his palm down, reaching out his arm to the man in front. "You're right, there."
received at 04:08.
“I… I know what you deduced.” John cursed mentally. “Sometimes I forget you can read my mind like that.” He tried to look into Sherlock’s eyes but the other man’s icy and closed face made it nearly impossible.
"You can always obtain information that way." Sherlock let out a throaty chuckle and John smiled in surprise.
"Armand? What's going on?" John tried to sound indifferent, but inside he was a chaos. He hated right away the oddly familiarity of the young man, but then again, he remembered how he had been greeted the same way today. And besides, it was too obvious Armand seemed far more interested to meet Sherlock for real than the doctor himself.
**...**
”. It was true that Sherlock was mostly flirted
"What is it!" Lestrade screamed throatily, adrenaline still flowing around his system.
Neither of them talked. Sherlock was obviously sulking. He just sat there next to John and looked around, his lips sealed. The silence between them, even with all the noise around, felt intense. John's hands failed each time he wanted to gulp down his beer.
There was more crackle in the recording and John’s voice was heard, loud and clear. “Of course.”
“Well,” John entered the room and left the basket with products on the desk, closing the door behind him and completely dropping his Hamish persona. “That was… odd.”
- the obvious things in other people. Actually, something
They were panting softly now. Sherlock had an unknown expression, one John had never seen before. He suddenly seemed so young, John even thought he was committing a felony. John felt a strange sensation of power. He had to kiss Sherlock again. But this time, the kiss was harsh, rude. The detective let out some restrained noises in his throat as John kissed him full force. They fell back on the bed, Sherlock's head over the pillow he was before with a light thud. John managed to support himself with his arm right next to Sherlock's head not to crash over the man below.
it's going to be on the news soon, send miss Hickey to report about the tale and once the article is ready and the case is solved, leak it out to the press... yes of course, the Daily Star as always..." there was irony and a grimace behind some of the words, as if Phillip was joking, he rolled his eyes a couple of times at Mycroft as he spoke, and the iceman just smiled a couple of times and shook his head, almost a clear '
Sent at 4:57
experimentation.
"Sleep."
He knew Sherlock would be taking all of his stuff out of his bed. Usually, he had papers and books over it. John wondered if he even had arranged the closet’s disaster. He should take a look now, he might end up doing it anyways.
John pressed the side of his face to Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock knew his heart was beating loud and fast. John reached for the slides, placed them against his palm and made his open hand travel from Sherlock’s hip to his calf, hiding the slides safely in Sherlock’s left sock. Sherlock’s leg was lifted in the process, his left ankle pressing against the back of John’s right thigh.
“Jo-!” Sherlock’s moan was a surprised whisper. His left hand flew to the mirror in front of him for better support and he bizarrely thought about fingerprints and dust. He was too aware of the points of contact between them now; too aware of the noises he was making even though he didn’t want to. In the back of his mind, he recalled a pillow.
Sherlock stared back for a few seconds before walking to take his coat. "Fine, do whatever you want."
Late at night John stared out the window. It was dark outside but he didn't bother in turning the lights on. After lunch, Sherlock had gotten a text, probably from Mycroft, and they had parted ways at the walking back home. He went to the clinic in the afternoon; they had called him to see if he was available for a shift tomorrow at the emergency room.
Spending time with him, as a friend and not as a romantic interest, had made her get to know the doctor much more. And she had admitted to herself that her feelings for him were growing. But Sherlock's presence between them was much bigger.
He braced himself for the worst; he stilled his hips and sighed loudly, his body sagging a bit on the stretcher. He didn’t dare open his eyes, not yet, lest he sees John’s regretting face. He could hear his own soft breathing and John’s steps.
On the other hand, he had made Sherlock visibly nervous. He didn’t want to give it too much thought, but it was still a sight to behold, to see his friend so shaken by a little flirting. It was about time, though, usually it was Sherlock doing the flirting with him, even if he didn’t know what was going on. But well, Sherlock should be kind of used to be flirted with (
” from Martin in response and a softer “
"Are you feeling better there, Sherlock?" John withdrew his hands from the detective's upper body, reluctant, with a tiny clear of his throat. He placed his hands on his hips as he backed a couple of steps away from the sofa. If Sherlock wanted to play, he was able to... but he had to be careful with the reactions of his own body. He wouldn't be able to hold on for much longer if things kept going at this pace. Sherlock had left him hard and frustrated last night. Now it was Sherlock's turn.
