Morbid but nice.
“Uh, well, it could be that one, this?” Gabriel picked up the cord and plugged it into the wall. “Isn’t plugged in and two, you gotta make the batter, little brother.”
Hanging up he frowned walking over to the window watching as the Omega started to pace in a circle in the yard looking terribly upset. Dean wasn’t close enough to sniff his scent out, but he had a feeling if he were close enough the scent would have been flared up in nervousness and fear.
With his book opened for studying Sam was about to take a bite of his food when there was a knock at the door. After the fun morning and most of the afternoon with Jimmy’s family coming by their lunch had been cut short due to work calling Jimmy in. A co-worker had gotten sick and they needed help and the others hadn’t felt comfortable sticking around without Jimmy there.
Nodding Cas rubbed the back of his neck yawning. Getting to the back of the room, they gave their fake names, and who knew being in witness protection gave you free health care?! It was nice, a worry of them. Looking around Castiel saw a poster, must have been years old, there and he tilted his head as a memory danced across his mind.
“Lucifer!”
“I’m not. I just like cooking,” Looking at the towels, nervousness filled him. “Do… Do you want me to take those insides for you?”
Looking up Michael paused seeing Darius there in the office. “Darius. I thought you’d be at home.”
“Nick,” The blonde sighed looking over the painting. “I feel like something’s missing, but what I have no idea,”
Sitting next to him Castiel started to daydream about the movie he had been watching earlier.
Pulling out the last of the books from the moving box Sam saw something wrapped up. Taking it out he looked over at Jimmy who was placing things on the shelf. Books, some small items and pictures. Going over unwrapping it he pulled out a ten-inch statue.
Jason got angry so easily.
“Hey, Cas!”
“Hey, good luck on that,” Standing back up she stretched. "Hold down the front lines, I’ll be in the back if you need me,”
Looking over the painting, he was rather a lovely one. Skies melting into the city with the sun going down while many small people walked on their way not seeing the gorgeous sunset.
Still hearing nothing Dean frowned.
“Oh, I’m pissed, because now I wish I had beaten the ship out of Jason. Dan. That Alpha bitch! Now, hurry and go pack whatever you need!” Dean watched as Cas scrambled up the stairs. Turning around he rubbed his mouth because fuck. A drug dealing killer was next door. Well, in jail but his so-called friends could have a deeper network. Running to the safe he kept in the kitchen typed in the code before grabbing his gun. Shoving it into his pocket he pulled out this phone. “Hey, Benny, I need your help. I’m coming over and I’ll explain.”
After they hung up Jimmy didn’t go back to the table as he tried to compose himself. Instead, his eyes watered up into pain. Chest feeling tight and a lump in his throat he jumped when a hand was on his shoulder.
“Strong ones. Smell anything?”
“It’s kind of shocking, yeah, I mean, I still feel like it’s not real? But I think it’s because Castiel had to go see that detective… but I’m shocked they managed to pry him from Balthazar.” Standing next to his mate Lucifer took a drink of his coffee. “Is it a fancy party or will there be a DJ?”
The phone rang until it got to voicemail.
“Did what work?” Sam kept his gun on him. “What did you do?”
“Oh, no their dead, Mom died when Sam was young and Dad died in a bad crash, cops think Dad was drinking at the time.” Sighing Dean leaned down so their foreheads together the tension slowly releasing from his body. Taking in a deep breath he moved them back to the bed. “It’s just been a while since I dreamt of them,”
“Mistakes are one thing, mine is not turning his ass into the authorities when I had the chance.” Handing the phone back Michael turned around angrily heading out the back of the staff hallway and into the main office of the building. He had enough of this game. “I’m going to put an end to this.”
“Darius..?”
Maybe this is what they needed.
“Like what?”
“Hello, Sam,” Jack smiled. “It’s nice to meet you.”
“Cassie,” He smiled seeing the Angel sitting on the bed with a box in his hands. “How are you?”
It took a second before Castiel frowned. “We?”
“That’s what I thought until I heard the words Life insurance. I don’t know what the guys parents did to piss them off, but they died, and they got the insurance money.”
That day they both talked about Bobby’s Dad and soon Dean realized that if Bobby could do it so could he. Alright, he still fought it mostly, but he’d be damned, it helped.
Looking up he saw Dean looking at him with a hunger in his eyes that sent sparks up his spine. A grin made had Cas feeling almost out of breath his green eyes looking at him like Castiel was something delicious to eat.
“Nah, however, I don’t think you want to be on the floor,”
“Thank you,” Came the automatic reply as Castiel got up, took the plates away and when he came back, he ate his cold meal.
“Enough you two, just eat!”
Stunned Balthazar let out a dry humorless chuckle. “You had to pay them back the price of raising a child they ignored most of his damn life and his schooling. Those assholes.”
Meanwhile, Castiel headed to the kitchen dropping the lunch bag off on the counter before heading upstairs to put the doctor’s bag away. Once it was hung up, he headed back down to take all the trash out of the lunch bag, clean it off and set it aside for tomorrow.
“What is?” Taking a bit of his food Jimmy raised an eyebrow and joked. “He didn’t like my food?”
“Do you know if Jimmy and his twin had the same blood type?”
“Me either, but we have four more months to figure it out,” Clicking the machine again Dean nodded. “Okay, I'm getting closer,”
Rushing to get into the passenger side Castiel pulled the door closed when suddenly the car moved. Yelping he turned thinking the car had slipped out of gear only to come face to face with someone he thought he’d never see again.
“I don’t like people sniffing at me,” He said and from the corner of his eye saw the Beta Manager turn around fast. He took the receipt and papers turning around feeling off from the bad heat. “Thanks.”
“Accident...?”
“…Dan…” Gasping Castiel turned trying to get out of the car when a strong hand grabbed him yanking him back by the hair. “Please let me go!”
A frown on his face Balthazar didn’t answer for a moment. “Yes, why?”
“No, why?” Sam asked getting up to go check the bowl in the fridge because either he was crazy, or his taste buds were off because he swore, he saw Jimmy make the spread two days ago. “You still binging that show you told me about?”
“Don’t worry about it, you do so much,” She helped him sit back down rubbing his back. “You just hold Bee and relax,”
“Cut him off? Wait, how old were you?”
“Nick, for the love of God,” A voice called before a man was walking into the room waving his hand. “Open a damn window when you paint.”
“No, no, no,” Shaking his head. “It’s not me. It’s Castiel.”
After he had fallen asleep, he had woken up to Dean cleaning them up. That had never happened before, not when he was with Jason. The soreness he had wasn’t painful, there was no yelling or violent bites. Dean had even whispered praises of love to him that left him purring until he fell back to sleep.
Getting up Sam went to his room looking for the box he had saved his essays in, once an older friend had told him to keep all their papers and that it seemed silly, but once it helped her win a case. Going through them, glad he had left them in the order he found the paper he was looking for.
“What?”
“Good night, Dean,”
“Oh my god,” Gasping as the air left his body Jimmy flipped through three more names while they all held the same face of the same Alpha. “Are these all him?! Dan?!”
“Great.” Gulping Sam watched it turn into a long line. An orange glowing line just there in the middle of a forest road. Looking around before getting closer using his car. “Any idea what it could be?”
“Yes, they were,” Frowning Balthazar looked at him. “How come you two never told me? Hell, even Luci?”
“Thanks, Jack, you didn’t have to do that,”
And so, the cycle continued of Balthazar getting the short end of the stick. Even if the twins helped him out here and there. Jack was a good kid, polite, well behaved and he loved him.
“Yes, of course,” Michael glared at Darius who glared back but had to move on to see what Castiel wanted. He watched as Sam’s brother pulled the tall Alpha away to talked while Darius saw himself out. He frowned seeing the other take out his phone leaving to answer it. Looking back at Castiel he noticed he looked nervous. “What’s wrong?”
“Cassie,” Balthazar rubbed his face stress taking over his body. “how long?”
“Yes, thank you, brother,” Still mixing he only paused when the batter puffed up a little bit. “Is it ready?”
Looking up Balthazar nodded. “It’s been a while but wasn’t it because two Alphas wanted to go as a couple to it? Sweet couple by the way,” He nodded. “What’s doesn't that have to do with Lucifer?”
“Thanks, Clint,”
“Yes, Dean?”
Meanwhile, across the way, Dean happened to look overseeing Cas moving his head a little to the music. Grinning he turned it up some more. Their eyes met and he swore he saw a blush on the other's cheek before he looked down to go back to washing the dishes.
Handing over the reports, the papers he had managed to get from the detective, some more from illegal means, thank you Charlie, and flipped them over pulling the names out, the way things had been set up, pointing to them while really hoping that he hadn’t broken Jimmy enough for the smaller male to go to the kitchen and stab him.
Grabbing a cleaner and rag he made himself look busy while cleaning and wiping down the things in the living room. Jason was sitting on the couch while going over the many papers on the coffee table. He was chewing on gum looking up before ignoring the cleaning Omega. Flipping through the papers he rubbed his chin. Taking out his phone he called someone talking to them without a care that he was in the room.
“Why do you even use them?” Lucifer asked shaking his head. “You have no reason to.”
“I feel fine,”
Kissing the marked neck again Dean shivered as he breathed in the scent of Cas's skin. Inside he felt afire burning with need. A need to fully claim Cas and be damned what anyone thought. It didn’t matter, that bastard didn’t deserve Castiel. Cas was his. His Omega and only his. Instincts pulled the heat of their passion Dean bit over the first mark on Cas’s neck. This pleased him knowing he could secure a mating bond, a full one, not the semi-marked one previously there.
“Hey, hey, hey, now,” Dean couldn’t help but sigh in relief. Holding Castiel in his arms trying to keep him safe from the world. “You won’t. You’re safe now, you’re with me, and I will take care of you. Both of you and the baby will have us.”
Turning around he watched as a car pulled up to his house. Someone got out of the car looking up at the house before grey-blue eyes looked at him. The person stared at him for a long moment.
“Not you.” Sam snapped listening to the echoes. Glancing down he glared at Dean. “Alright, he says your not lying.”
Jimmy grumbled.
Polishing the vase Castiel looked at the tv biting his lip to keep from smiling. He hadn’t seen that movie in a while. Not since high school. Looking away he put the vase down moving onto the next items slowly making his way around the room. When he heard the wash stop, he left to toss them into dryer, start a new load before leaving so he could watch the rest of the movie.
“Wow, really?” Dean smiled taking a bite out of his. “Nah, pretty sure this one's better.”
Which was true, Darius needed a moment. A long moment as he pulled out his phone putting in a call to an old friend.
Downing another drink Balthazar walked around his apartment. Empty now, at least for a few days. His small breakdown had been found out earlier today before thanks to a simple slip of the mind that Jack’s afterschool bible study had been moved from Tuesdays to Thursdays.
“…Had?” Sam slowly said.
Gasping he covered his mouth.
Pulling out his fingers, Dean took a moment to stumble a little bit trying not to fall on his mate as his hand reached to the nightstand grabbing lube. Even if Cas was wet, he wasn’t willing to risk it hurting. Popping the lid off he quickly poured some on his cock stroking it a few times.
“Okay, okay, okay, let’s get you back to bed. It's all alright,” Dean promised to scoop his mate up again because honestly, he had no idea if this was hormones or the trauma Cas was going through. Cas he been showing signs that he had bad trauma and he remembered when Bobby picked up on his brother after Bobby had sent him to therapy. Not long after Sam had to go in as well. “How about I make you your favorite food and something warm to drink?”
It was like someone had put cotton in his mouth. Lucifer's eyes felt heavy, his tongue stuck to the roof of his mouth as he was pulled along. At some point it was like time had jumped. Someone was moving him roughly and being shoved into somewhere that was dark.
“Ah, I’ll ask him, but from what I know, it’s a no. The court wedding was alright, but I wish it was more. Though he might change his mind, we never know. I’d like my family to be at a real wedding if we have one,” He smiled before a waiter came over with a large bottle of wine. Thanking the young worker he took the bottle. “Well, I better go see what he’s up to,”
“That’s different, I’m the middle child!”
“Last one, Clint!” A co-worker called. “I got this; you head on out!”
“Need help?” He called walking over wondering what he was up to. “Or a cart?”
Looking up Castiel tried to think back on everything they had done when they got there. From grocery shopping to setting up the house even just from their walks they took just to get out of the house because both of them missed their families.
“Aww, all of you are sweet, but I don’t think I can take it if you all are fighting,”
Nodding Castiel set up all new accounts, with a nickname and made a new email. Once that was done, he added Dean to Skype. Happy with the tablet he smiled before heading inside to charge it up in the attic where Jason wouldn’t find it. He had turned it all the way off just in case.
“I want to see Castiel. Please, take me to him,” Jimmy was already worn out from everything he just wanted his brother. “Please, take me to him,”
Laughing Jimmy talked to him for a little while longer. Once they hung up, he headed off to class. The drive was lonely. It always was now that Castiel wasn't with him.
“Mine either, at least you’ll keep me company, but if you want to kill me and put me out of my misery you can,”
“Whoa, that’s some bad luck. Alright let’s go,”
That voice!
“Lucifer, no one cares if he’s black. I’m simply happy you found someone- “
“What if Jason asks why I’m not cooking?”
“Bla- What?! No, Balthazar, god, it’s not that,”
Ignoring whatever conversation that started after that Castiel got up wanting to go to his room, one he had no recollection of having, and changing into something comfortable. Tossing the work clothes on the floor he pushed them aside rubbing his face.
“What?”
“Stop…” Lucifer yelped when his arms were pulled down. Glaring up at Eric he was about to spit in his face when someone behind the Beta made him freeze his blood going cold. “…”
“Yeah, yeah, pizza food now, talking later,” Walking away Adam when to go seek out which place, he was going to order from. “By the way, my mom says she’s going to come over next week, you and Dean should stop by,”
“Come on, Bee,” Castiel said softly loading her into the cat carrier. She got in as he zippered her bag up. He had packed some of her food, bowls, and a small bag of litter. Putting a blanket over the carrier to keep her warm, Castiel pulled the carrier over his shoulder before grabbing his bag and Dean when his mate came in taking both the bags. “Where are we going?”
“Eat.”
“Coming around all day.” She huffed closing the door. “Bothered your mate so much from just looking into the window we switched places. Honestly, don’t blame him. That woman gives me the creeps.”
“Aw, aren’t you sweet,” having to arch up and Sam leaning down his kissed his cheek. “Well, I’m starving, let’s eat,”
Must have given enough time for the Doctor to flee. Flipping over the list of suspects they had managed to round up he was pulled out of thought process when his phone went off. Looking at it seeing Jimmy’s name his eyes went up to the time and groaned.
Looking up Sam blinked. “Oh, thanks,”
“Yeah, you know it’s easy to find people in prison who are willing to work for you, more so when you can get them out,” Moving back Eric walked away waving his hand back. “Enjoy your time, Mr. Pines, oh and leave the bruises where they can see them.”
“Hey, I had to drop off someone, but I’ll be there in five minutes. I’ll go get you and we can grab a soda,” Dean smiled putting the phone on the seat next to him as he drove to go get the Omega. “You would not believe what just happened a few minutes ago.”
Dancing was something that Castiel hadn’t done in such a long time, and with the heat of the people around him, the way Dean somehow managed to keep him close well they danced made him feel peaceful. When a slow dance came on, he thought they’d go sit back down while couples danced away.
“Know what?”
Walking back over now dressed in normal-looking clothes the Alpha rolled up his sleeves. They started to talk about the car. He was surprised that Jason knew his way around cars, but it unnerved him how friendly he was being. The way Cas acted had left him wanted to rip the man’s throat out but now he was wondering who the hell was this?
“Yep,”
Getting him to use a cellphone was hard.
“Welcome back,” Closing his eyes the blond sighed. “What is it now? I can feel you itching to tell me something.”
“What about dinner?”
Soon the fear in the scent started to fade. Dean had to push his rage down to help his mate relax. This had happened before. Small things set off Cas, sometimes it was just dropping something, and those blue eyes would snap to him in worried or fear, his head ducking down in submission. It was going to take a while, maybe therapy but Dean always let Cas know it was alright.
“I was joking,” Dean sighed as he drove his car down the street. Next to him, the blond Omega had a knife happy settled into his seat while he was on the phone with one of his family members. “Jeez, we’re you in the mafia or something?”
“Sleep well? Because I know I did.”
“How are you going to get the codes? Exchange this for the Omega?”
What was a little looksie?
Nodding Castiel sat back down. With everything, he had just unpacked. Now he was wondering if he should have just left boxes in the shad. No, Jason might need it. Instead of wanting to ask where and when the Omega just ate his food even if his stomach had soured.
“Good morning,” Darius sat up taking the soda, and pulled Lucifer down onto his lap rubbing his mate's side as they shared a kiss. “How did you sleep?”
“I’m listening,” Castiel looked back out the window. It was raining today. Cold gray clouds cause a chill when someone walked outside to breathe in the crisp air. “And I’m not lying.”
Grinning Adam took more pictures of the book. “Work smarter not harder,”
“Yes. Now, just,” Micheal opened the maker. “Put a spoonful in here and enjoy.”
“How much longer do I have to stay here?” Required therapy, he thought was ridiculous. However, getting caught digging up bones in a cemetery had lead to an arrest, then a mental hospital stays when he explained what he was doing. “I have work.”
“He wants me to call you Sammy. He thinks it's funny, like when people name their twins Dawn and Don.” Sam smiled a little though. “But it works, so Sammy, tell me everything while we get to a friend’s place.”
“Pizza it is!”
Seeing his family there Lucifer frowned wondering who the hell they were talking to. Reaching over he pinched one of them hard on the side.
“Stay right there,” Dean headed inside, maybe he was being to forward but the way the Omega didn’t have a phone and had a clock in every single room unnerved him. Grabbing a box Dean pulled out a tablet and headed back outside. He looked at it before looking at Cas handing it to him. “Here. This is for you.”
"The crime scene is my house," Dean took the card watching the man leave Turning around he looked at the others who were just staring at him. "Uh, Sam. Gonna introduce me?"
“Balthazar,” Michael came in looking ruffled.
There had to be a reason for what was going on. Maybe it was someone just... no, it couldn’t be. Castiel knew they were safe, they didn't contact any family or even thought about doing anything that would set off alarms. Hell, they even got a new account with Netflix under their false names and everything they had was junk mail or deliver to them under the false names.
Looking at his hand Castiel frowned. “We’re not holding hands.”
Sure, he could have taken Jack with him
“Yes?”
“Took over a construction company,”
“Oh, I’m walking them. Donna called out sick, so I wanted to make sure they got their turn,” petting the dogs he introduced them to the old Alpha had nodded at the dogs. They talked a little here and there until the door opened. Smiling Castiel went over to his mate. “Clint, hey,”
An echo screeched. Sam looked behind him seeing something swirling, like a tornado. Slamming on the gas pedal he pulled away as the thing faded into what looked like a tight ball. Slowing down Sam spun his car around looking at it.
“There was no wedding, they got married in a courtroom” Michael gruffed. “Didn’t even know they were together.”
Castiel had to leave.
“… Jason likes Bud light.” Walking over he was about to pick up the 24pack when Dean got it for him. Pulling his hand back in surprise he blinked. “Thank you, Dean,”
“I’m alright, you get some rest,” Picking up a paper with the amount of blood found, that no human, more so for Casteil’s weight and height, would ever had in his body made him realize that the Omega might not be dead. “I’ll call you in the morning so we can make plans for lunch.”
“Because… sometimes they are really good at making you believe they're good people but they’re not.”
The ten minutes it took to get back to the house and the door open, Dean had neatly lost his damn mind. The bite had triggered Castiel’s heat, which was odd since it had just passed but who was he to question this blessing?! The sweet scent had him hard and throbbing. Vaguely aware of slamming the door closed, that poor Beta uber diver speeding away, Dean scooped Castiel up rushing to the bedroom.
It was a nice kitchen, not big, but not smaller either. “Um, I don’t know where to put this basket.”
“There are four more in the living room.”
“Anything?” He asked Jimmy who was on his phone. When the other shook his head, the blond crossed his arms trying to calm himself because of course life was horrible. “Me either,”
Sighing deeply Jimmy set his hands on the counter looking at the food shaking his head. “I don’t know. I just can’t stop being angry.”
“Charlie?! What happened?!” Rushing over to help her from falling, she gasped fanning herself. Yelling back to anyone for water Sam got her to a chair as she tried to gasp out what she was trying to say. “Charlie, what happened? Are you hurt?”
And so, while Dean had a couple of his damn well famous burgers he watched as Cas happily ate a burger that had just the patties and a lot of damn cheese. When his Omega wasn’t looking, he took a picture.
“It tastes… like a molecule.”
“Are you sure? I don’t mind,”
“Oh, well, that sounds fun,” Looking over Lucifer curled up against his mate before frowning. “Those are Michael’s accounts.”
“You couldn’t have known he’d met Dan. Besides, if you hadn’t pushed him to new hobbies, Cas would haven’t had a lot of fun times, swam, or anything, you helped him grow,”
“Well, we have fifteen minutes, so let’s try to talk a little more alright?”
“Because Jimmy’s boyfriend dug into the case and turns out Dan lives in this town, and last they were seen had Castiel with him.”
Right?
“What?” Frowning Dean paused. “His little pet got depressed?”
Garlic bread was delicious.
“Hey, Bruce. You still have a back shelf? Yeah, man, I’m cashing in that favor.”
Luckily Dean had offered him to stay with him until Jason got back. Saying yes was a survival tactic. Guilt filled Castiel, but he needed somewhere safe. Dean was safe. And kind. Made him feel like a person again.
“Here you go,” Sam handed him a Soda, while he himself had a beer. Pulling out the chair he smiled. “After you,”
“Hey, enjoy, you nap?” Dean asked smiling at the warmth of his mate.
“Us?”
“…Am I invited?”
Shaking his head Castiel felt a pang in his very soul. “I miscarried them way before I ever showed  or knew and I never knew how long I was pregnant,”
When Jason was done, he got up. “Clean this mess up, then you can eat.”
“Darius Henderson,” The man inside grinned “The CEO himself! Come in old friend!”
"They didn't though, and your codes are safe. I have them hidden very well since the last scare," Jason smirked leaning back against the car. "So, where to next?"
Even thought he had been pissed off at Castiel he couldn’t stay mad. Besides, it had been his choice to say yes in the start. That was on him and when they had taken Castiel away and him being left alone in his body all he thought about was getting back to his family.
Rewards for being good.
The more he spent learning about them, chilling out while watching things go down, he discovered that Castiel was the last Angel. He never left heaven only got to see events play out in heaven. Explained why he knew of everything that had come to past.
To make sure he was dead, of course.
“Michael.”
“Bartholomew-”
Balthazar would think that he’d remember that because the man was very handsome.
A dark growl was the only reply.
“Um,” Looking at the menu he picked it up slowly. “Can I have a burger too?”
When Dean walked into the hotel room he yelled out pulling his gun out pointing it at Lucifer who was just made a face at him and shushed him. Alright, he had no idea what the hell was going on but the devil just shushed him!
“Whoa, first the dinner then the sandwiches,” Taking a bite of his food Sam waved at it. “Probably not as good as Jimmy’s but, hey, it’s nice,”
“I’m been good, just got out of class,” Hugging his brother Jimmy smiled. “And Gabe promised he’d buy my food,”
“I’m in the nursery!”
“Sorry,” Came the suddenly worn-out voice. Jimmy was curled into Sam’s side-eyes puffy from crying.
Snapping his attention to him the Blathzar got up. “What?!”
Unable to move Lucifer tried talking only to let out small breathless groans. Nothing he did could make sense or send a single to his brain to move his body. Each thought seemed to leave him the second he was done thinking about it.
“Can you move?”
“Nah, someone assholes broke in last night, slashed all our tires. I got some of the others working on it, but the bastard sliced every single one and Billy checked a few of the cars, breaks been cut. We need to see if it’s all the cars got their breaks cut too, that’s why I’m calling,”
“Save him for later,” Darius growled. “I’ll finish him off.”
“Oh, you just missed him like ten minutes ago,” Sam moved aside waving him into the apartment. “I was gonna eat, but he might be back later,”
Flipping through them until he got to the part where he had studied a case about fake deaths and secret identities, he felt someone watching him. Oh shit. Sam slowly looked over to see Jimmy standing there staring at him. There was no way his Omega walked through the door without seeing all the stuff on the dining room table.
Inside Castiel was helping clean cups. He was nervous and needed to do something. Benny had told him he didn’t have to but just the small movement was helping. Setting the cup down into the drying rack he was about to reach for another one when the door slammed open. Jumping he almost dropped it scrambling to set it down blue eyes wide in shock.
Walking the dogs around on their leashes, Castiel was happy that the dogs had learned to trust humans again, two of them medium dogs and one Senior dog wagged their tails as they enjoyed their walk in the snow. Doggy shoes and coats help keep them warm as the Omega headed across the street to the Auto shop.
“Whoa, hey thanks,” Taking it Dean smiled. “I’ll bring the bag back later or tomorrow. And you can use the cart all you want, okay?”
“Hey,” Pulling on his coat Dean shivered from the sudden cold air. Kissing Castiel, he waved back at the old man. “See you tomorrow, Boss,”
Damn it.
Sitting there as the cops arrested Carl, real name Markus, who had a rap sheet longer than he could count as he listened to Sam run down the rest of the situation. It was odd to see Jimmy tucked into Sam side because it was just hitting home that his mate’s twin looked so much like him and yet he could tell how different they were.
They started to yell at each other. Castiel could hear them from the kitchen. Words still hurt his soul.  Maybe he was used to it or it didn’t matter anymore. It wasn’t the first time they talked about leaving him behind or killing him off.
“Jeez, it’s nice to see you too, Cas,”
Staring Balthazar took a long sip of his soda, eyes wide a smile curling on his lips. “Luci, do you have a lover you haven’t told us about?”
“Look, look at me,” Dean took his face into his hands, trying to sooth his Omega as the scent took on a fearful sickness to it. “This is real. You. Me. Your family, all of it is real.”
“Right. After this, you go back to your life, and this one you knew, where I knew you,  and you become a stranger.” He looked at him in the eye. “But I can see that you love your mate, so as a farewell me and the
Taking in a shaky breath feeling a huge relief off his shoulders. “I... I want the baby,”
“But it bothers you that he’s dating Henderson?”
“What are you doing here?!”
“Is it not true then?”
“Really good,” Wiggling his eyebrows Lucifer leaned in for another kiss. Cupping the man’s face his smile dropped a little. “What has you so stressed out? You were glaring at your computer like it did something to offend you.”
“Your… Grace?”
“Sure, order whatever you want, here,” Sam handed him his card. “Thanks for letting me use your place.”
“Bruce,” Darius chuckled as he walked in sharing a moment to hug. Pulling back, he patted the Alpha’s shoulder. “All these years, you're still looking sharp.”
Almost like God loved to mess with him there was a knock on the door. Both turned to look. There was a tall man there, maybe six foot four or five, Balthazar couldn’t say for sure, broad, with a gruff handsomeness to him that made him pause.
Carefully transferring the pancake onto the plate Castiel stared at it in awe. Fluffy and warm.
Laughing Lucifer tried to wiggle out of the man’s hold when there was a knock at the door. Looking over they both paused, and he looked back at Darius's face.
“Oh. Oh,” Walking over to his brother Jimmy hugged him tightly. When they were little Jimmy was a lot more adventurous then Castiel in everything. Baltazar loved Castiel, yes, but there was no denying that he was always there to help Cas with each step and when they found out that he was dead Jimmy had been heartbroken, but Baltazar had a mental breakdown. After all he took care of Cas more when their mother and father just left them alone. “I swear that it won’t happen. Sam is nothing like Dan, okay?”
“What- Dean, it’s the same Omega I told you I started seeing. Jimmy just picked up my phone by accident,”
“Hear me out, look, come with me,” Walking over he gently took Jimmy’s hand pulling him back out to where Jack was just standing near the table reading over the stuff. Jack moved back when they got closer. Picking up the blood reports, the missing blood, and so on he rubbed his mate’s back. “It’s way too much to be in Castiel’s body, the amount they had gathered, and even if he were bleeding out there wouldn't even be half this amount. Plus, look,”
“Why are you helping me?”
Cas was still sound asleep curled up on the couch with a blanket over him.
“Can I go shopping today?”
“No thanks, Gabriel,”
“Castiel,” Michael said walked over as the smaller angel-backed up wings lowering showing he meant no harm. “Why have you’ve called me here?”
“Did you order lunch?”
Sitting down he watched took his plate, grabbing this and that as they passed around the boxes the conversation that was being held did bring him any interest in their daily life, work, so on and so forth. Eating his food he silently only answering a few questions with short curt answers.
“Alright fine.” Sam sat back looking right at his glass bottle lifting it up and bring it close to Sammy's face, watching closely as he ignored Dean's glare. “Say hello, Lucifer.”
“Henderson?” A loud voice called out. Everyone turned around to see a man in a suit looking around.
Gulping Castiel rushed back down turning on the kettle and grabbed a few pans to put on the other burners. Opening the fridge, he hurried to get out the eggs, some pre-cooked bacon, luckily it was the only kind they had when they stopped last night, and grabbing a box of pancake batter, he had put together last night he rushed to get it done.
“Because you were thinking with your, knot, not your head!”
Reaching over Castiel took the cash only to wince when his wrist was grabbed hard. Whimpering as pain made its way up to his arm, he looked at the man heart started to pound so hard as fast small breaths left him.
“Care to explain what you're doing?” A voice called.
Looking at Dean shooking his head Castiel looked away. Dean held his hand taking over while his lover let the new sink in. Quickly coming up with a story on how Cas always had trouble had carrying, leaving out the stress from his kidnapper the doctor had told them they had to keep Cas out of a stressful situation, that it could be the reason for the miscarriages.
"Dean, Jimmy, Jimmy, Dean, and these are Jimmy's brothers, come on, Jimmy, let's go get some coffee."
“Damn that sounds good,” Dean smiled. “Got a recipe?”
“No. Dean gave me a gift and it’s not working,” He looked so disappointed as he waved at the small teal pancake maker. “I got everything as Gabriel told me to but it’s not working.”
Holding the cat closer his eyes prickled up as he started to sob softly. “Thank you, Dean,”
"And?"
Which was why he is keeping his resentment for his parents and for Lucifer packed down and sometimes it came up. Would sneak up his skin into his body and soul with his mind fighting him. Reminding him of his past.
Glaring up at him Balthazar looked at Michael. “He touched me.”
“No,”
“Oh, don’t worry about that. Michael and Darius are at each other throats, by the time the notice him missing, we’ll be long gone,”
“I… I just don’t want to be alone in the house…” Gulping Castiel shivered. “I’m not trying to keep you from going, it’s just that… I don't like being alone.”
“Sam, this is, in order, Michael, Lucifer, Gabriel, and Baltazar,” Taking Sam’s hand he swallowed from running three blocks from his class. “This is my boyfriend Sam.”
“No, I was out of town, last week, so that might have been why. Still, why not the others?” Lucifer frowned taking his own sip of his coffee. “I’m the evil child remember?”
“I knew it, I fucking knew it!” Dean pointed at the computer. Castiel being marked as deceased and Dan being accused of both murders, the trail of crimes that followed the bastard as well as the stab wounds told a tale of someone who knew what he was doing. “I knew Cas was drugged,”
"Dean…?" Lips on his again Castiel body let out a shiver as those callous hands pushed under his shirt going right for his chest, molding the soft chest, brushing his already hardened nipples. “Ahh, please, please,”
Leaving the living room Sam went to put his files away when his phone rang. Picking it up he saw Charlie’s name. Swiping up he closed the bedroom door to hear what she had to say.
As much as he hated to admit it Jason helping him had helped a lot. The Alpha put on a good act, but if life had taught Dean one his gut instinct was never wrong. Having learned that when he was younger Dean had no issues putting together that Jason was just a damn good liar.
Jimmy sobbed.
The car speed off
The house was nice, but he didn’t know the layout too well or if it creaked or had anything that would make noise. Carefully going down the stairs the omega finally made it to the kitchen.
“Nice to meet you-” Adam choked on his onion freezing looking at the Omega eyes wide. “-…”
“He should have been here,” Picking up his own phone Sam checked the time seeing it was almost half an hour since Jimmy should have been home, even if he were late, he’d always called or text. “Hold on, let me call him.”
“Oh, uh, Jason doesn’t like moving boxes. It gets in his way while he works and he’s a doctor,” Castiel looked down. “I wanted to ask… if I can borrow your cart again?”
“Long way to tell someone something,” Getting closer he eyed him actively trying to figure out what to do. Putting his hand on the glass bottle holding it up a little as it echoed nervously. “Do you know what this is?”
There was a knock at the door making him freeze and look at Jason who looked at him with a frown. He nodded at him to go get the door. Nodding Castiel left the room heading over. Peeking out the side window he frowned seeing two people there.
“No.” Sam shook his head. “No, I didn’t. Just a place he can be safe without a vessel.”
“I will take you up on that offer,” Walking into the house Dean expected to pick up on Jason’s scent. Instead, all he could smell was cleaning supplies and Cas’s calming light sweet scent. “So, did you find the movie you wanted to watch?”
“Nope, I just thought we could hang out,” Dean waved him over as he locked the door. “I kind of told a lie. Jason seemed busy and I offered to get him some food. Come on, sit down, and relax. I’ll get them food and get us some food.”
“That’s my name,” He smiled at the black-haired Omega helping him load the heavy boxes into the cart. He tried to hide the fact that something was off. Cass seemed upset but something and when it got worse, he wondered if it was because, well, he was still a stranger to the Omega “So, might rain huh?”
Seriously Dean was going to punch Jason.
“Oh, came to save Bobby’s ass and thought I’d come see you!” They hugged and he moved back. “So, do I finally get to meet the poor sucker who’s dating you?”
One of the two.
“About what?”
“Can we, sit down?”
Of when he was little, maybe six or seven when Balthazar had gone with them to get their shots, the young teenager hounding their Father until he had gone with them since a parent needed to be present.
“Do you think about the baby’s name?”
Long where the days he spoke of this to family faces that held strangest looks. None of them seemed to recall such things. Adventures they had. Trails of the past fifteen years erased. No one recalled any events.
are coming with you to help.”
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel smiled softly. “I hope you like dinner tonight,”
Looking back over he decided that the couch wasn’t too comfortable. Going over he carefully picked up Castiel before heading upstairs. He paused sniffing the scent of the other.
“Like death.”
Going over to the window he moved the curtain around looking out seeing them still loading the boxes into the house. After half an hour he saw the Omega come back out, wow, stalking now, or he was being a noisy neighbor, yet the way, oh damn, what was his name- Castiel, picked up a few small boxes looking at them and then down the street like he was going head down it.
Chuckling the older angel smiled. “Anytime, Cassie. Well, I will chat with you later then. Farwell,”
“What do you think?”
“Damn. That would have been a good family bonding time.” Sitting up again still reeling a bit the blond just stared. “I want to go home.”
“I have no idea. I’m high enough, so maybe,” Sitting back Balthazar patted the bed. “Come on, you never talked about the fight you had before you ran away. Tell me all about it.”
Way too much to ever be inside Castiel.
Rubbing his chin, Michael shook his head. “First of all, I could care who the hell Lucifer dates, just as long as they treat him right.”
Taking a bite out of his burger Sam looked around the lake house. A safe house that Bobby had, one he had been staying at for a few weeks. Just until he had to move again.
“I didn’t know if I should or if it was just this,”
Hanging up he sighed looking around. He could hear Jimmy running around upstairs. Going outside again he walked to the backyard trying to think over the events and wondered, just m wondered if he had ever heard Dean mention the Omega he befriended and brought home if he ever mentioned his name.
Sniffling Castiel leaned into his Alpha relaxing. Strong arms held him close relaxing him. They stayed like that for a moment or two before they had to head inside. Inside it they were met with the detective that had ushered them into the office.
“Since we just moved here get enough for a while, stalk on up on cans, whatever since we’re gonna be here for a while.” Jason counted out a good chunk of change and held it out. He waited until nervous blue eyes looked at him before darting back down. “Don’t be an idiot while you’re out,”
“Or I could stay the night,”
Sniffling he looked around the place. It was warm, the lights flickered on as Lucifer walked into the place tossing off his bag, probably from work. The man-made his way to a hallway vanishing before reappearing to hand him towels, a robe, and a basket.
“Thanks, it means a lot.” Nodding his head Darius took a sharp breath. “I need to get going. Traffic.”
“Dean?”
“Family heirloom?”
“You feeling alright?”
Nodding Castiel looked down. “I knew where you lived, um, me and Balthazar found out and we tried to come to visit you the other day, but you weren’t home.”
“That’s his number.” Dean looked over grinning at his mate. Damn, that felt good have the right to say and he was never letting him go. Pulling Cas to his side keep him close while he talked, he felt him tense before relaxing curling closer. “Thanks, Benny, he’ll be waiting for your call. talk to you again soon man,”
They all looked around at the source.
Maybe it was his punishment.
“Yes, but Sam,” Charlie reached over pointing at the picture of the house, there were two houses in view. “Look!”
Reaching down Dean pulled him close. “Hey, Cas?”
“I’ll hold you to that.” Dean forced a smile on his face to make it look as natural as possible. “I got some cold beers, hurry up, dude,”
“And?”
Now however had had Dean.
“Shut up!” Lucifer glared. “Where am I?!”
“Let’s go, we’ll send the address to the rest of your family,” Heading out of the house Sam was still reeling. He patted Dean's shoulders.“Who would have thought that my brother would end up with your brother.”
Reaching over to grab a glass Dean helped Cas wash his mouth out. Using the sink hose to get rid of the rest of the throw up he rinsed it away. Patting Cas's back Dean rushed away to get some mouth wash. When he got back, he found Cas trying to deep clean the sink with soap and a metal scrub.
“Next time let’s go out of town.”
“Because you are fresh set of eyes,” He patted the Beta’s back. “Let’s go.”
Now with a curve over the once flat stomach, Castiel smiled. Looking at his stomach in the mirror Castiel gently rubbed his hand over the curve. Still small, lower bump of his stomach where the baby was. Turning sideways he looked closer. Letting his shirt fall he hummed happily. A loose shirt made it barely noticeable. He felt happy knowing that if he wore a coat or a jacket no one would be able to tell.
“Is that why we took an uber?”
Being outside Sam looked around when he heard screaming. Whipping around he started to run back into the house hearing his mate screaming for him. Grabbing the door, he was horrified when it was locked.
Smiling Jimmy rubbed the tall man’s back and headed back over to finish up making dinner. Looking back up he saw Sam putting away everything. With hope the Omega wanted him to relax. Whatever the case was it always worried him on how much it would affect the Alpha lawyer.
“Awesome,” Flipping the burgers he looked over his shoulder. “Lunch is almost ready,”
“I can send them to your phone,” Taking out his phone Dean looked up. “What’s your phone number?”
“No teasing, babe,” Dean promised kissing down the lips trailing all the ways down the chest stopping only to tease the pink nipples. As much as he’d love to tease them until they were puffy and sore the Alpha pushed the legs up looking at the twitching hole. Dripping with slick that his own cock twitched against his abandonment. Using his thumb, he tased the entrance almost growling in pleasure feeling how hot it was. “Beautiful.”
Opening it he slid into the car seeing another note there. Picking it up he opened it and couldn’t help but laugh.
“Yep, got a whole box,” Pulling one out, Lucifer tossed the box pulling the patch out. Fighting with the plastic cover he managed to get it off and finally putting it over his neck. “Ahh, better,”
“Yeah, he likes angels. And bees,” He patted Sam’s back. “You can relate you got a religious boyfriend who likes church and,” Dean tapped the little nicks on the tv stand. “Angels.”
So, when Dean had found out that Jason had not only got drunk but had taken a few Oxycodone pills, it made sense. Sadly, they didn’t have his real name, which means he had only a few months to find where Jason hid the money and take off.
“I know,” Darrius kissed the mark again, this time softly. “That place was hell and I get it. It affected you a lot but eventually, your family is going to notice I’m around or what are you going to tell them when you move in with me?”
“No, I was just going to ask you,” Things were looking up now. “Any idea where he would have gone?”
Far away from that murder.
Carefully rolling them over Dean pulled the sheet over them kissing Castiel’s forehead before leaning his head back trying to catch his breath. Panting softly Castiel shivered from moving but curled up close to Dean his eyes dazed from how amazingly good he felt.
“No!” Jumping Cas held his hands out before pulling them back. “Th-the tv is broken,”
“Yo, man,” Bruce stopped him. “We’ll clean this place up, but we got who you wanted.”
“No, the guy thought a little bit of pink in the baked chicken he made, wasn’t gonna hurt him,” Dean sighed. “You know, before I moved in with Bobby, I didn’t know how to cook more than a few very basic meals, rest was just cereal, or whatever I could find in the house.”
“I love you, too,”
“So, he’s okay then?” Dean asked.
“Michael wouldn’t do that,” Lucifer frowned. “I know he’s stupid, but he wouldn’t mess up accounts.”
“Morning! Hurry, Jack, shoes, backpack, I’m they changed the class time so I gotta drop you off and then-” Tripping Jimmy fell over, popping back up. “-get to class before the exam!”
Walking back over he set it next to Jason. “Um, I made the sandwich that you wanted…”
“Uh, five miles up there is a strip of restaurants, movies, theaters, bars, and a little bit of everything.” Dean headed back outside, he didn’t need the Omega thinking he was a bad person, more importantly, it looked the other was paranoid about Alphas. “If you go by the bar, ask for Benny. Tell him Dean sent you, he’ll give you a cold one.”
“How about we take lunch inside? Besides, I need you to finish that last half of the movie,” Dean took another bite loving how damn good it was. “And you gotta give me the recipe to this, I need this in my life,”
Shuffling around the bushes because he knew the damn thing couldn’t have gone to far, he finally found the thing pulling it out. Hoping it was damaged he brushed what leaves from the bush he could find, turning around when a light flashed in his eyes.
“Yep. Only differences where I was outgoing, Castiel was more of a homebody,”
“I had mine, it was over right before we heard you were in the hospital,” Rubbing the patch he winces. “It’s not a rut coming on,”
“What? No!” Frowning he waved his hand making the Smoak vanish. Walking over he glared at the thing. “You’re making pancakes.”
“Stake. And this time, have it done on time. 8 pm sharp, got it?”
“How about I give you a knife, would that make you feel better?”
“Um, let me write this down for you. That way you won’t forget anything,” Laughing at the idea that Cass was going to go shopping the archangel snapped his fingers he got a list. “Here you go. Well, have fun, Cas, I got a poker game to go too,”
Next to him was a suitcase with some of his clothes, a garbage bag was keeping his phone from being ruined and the trench coat he had on was doing nothing to keep him dry.
“Hm, yes, well, good thing he wasn’t a blood doner like his brother,” Looking at Jack one more time he hugged the teen again. Moving back, he cupped his cheek. “I’ll be back in a few days. Then I’ll pick you up and we can go home,”
Maybe because Dean was his only friend?
“No one said you could speak.” Pines snapped watching as the blond desperately tried to cover his ears again only moving as far as the chains would let him go. “Let’s review,”
“Yes.” Castiel said suddenly. If he could get to the store he could get home faster. After all he only had 6 hours left and he had to get that food done and the house settled before Alpha got home. Even with hiding these boxes, he needed any time he could get. “I have one more load and then I’ll be ready to go.”
“Thanks, man, and I’ll send him back in a few hours,” There was some more talking between. “Well, sadly I don’t know how to make pie. How about you? Yeah? Damn. I’ll throw in an extra case of beer. Nah, man got paid good to get this car done and I sold two more this week. Yeah, no I see him. Talk to you later, Buddy,”
“Ah, the owner says that it was sitting in his Grandfather’s lot for years and thinks animals got into it. He wanted it fixed in a week,” Bobby walked over handing him the paperwork. “I already checked into it, the guy has good credit and the family has money.”
“I have five brothers,”
“You’re right, he’s not,” Sammy said, having no idea how much drugs could be pumped into Dean or how they’d affect them, and if Dean would just shut up, they could probably get help from other Sam or at least get free. “I promise I’ll call him by his name.”
“Hey, I love that movie,” Getting the las to the oil off Dean walked over-drying his hands on a towel. Tossing it to the side where a basket was the Alpha could smell the food. Picking it up he took a bite moaning at how good it was. “Anyone ever tell you you’re a genius, Cass?”
“Indeed, I did which means, I can finally sell it and take a long vacation,”
Turning around Sam got up to call Jimmy’s phone. He put his hand over his cards because he could tell Adam was tempted to look at them. The other blond gave him a look before getting up to go see what Jack was up to in the kitchen. The plan backfired because Jack handed him a knife to start cutting the onions.
Looking at the house as they parked in the driveway Castiel leaned back. They had been given coats, cards with new names on them, and Dean and Castiel had been set up with an income for now. Slowly getting out of the car Cas looked it like it was a house from a movie.
Was it a slip of the tongue?
“Hey!” Dean glared but he was gone. “Son of a bitch!”
“I can ask, Benny,” Dean said as he rumbled through the coat closet finding some gloves that he handed to the Omega. “Uh, yeah let’s not talk about that right now. Because I’m going out. No! Alright, yes, the same one, but hey, let me know if you stop by in town, I’d love to see you. Yeah, alright Sammy, talk to you later,”
“Who in the Heaven sent you down here with no knowledge of Earth, deary?”
Laughing Jimmy set it aside moving out of Sam’s arms. Picking up a spoon of mashed potatoes. “Here, taste this,”
“Balthazar,” Standing up he held out the box. “I was given a gift,”
“He doesn’t have a phone” Jason didn’t realize he had gotten comfortable and a flash of realization on his face and he turned to Dean. “He- “
“Don’t like phones.” Dean had a hard time believing that one, but he could tell how this seemed to upset the Omega. More so when his scent spiked again with nervousness. Which was a shame because Cass had a nice smell. “Well, yeah, let me write it done. I gotta go there in a little bit you can follow me in your car.”
“Alright, think you can handle it from here?”
Looking over he saw Dean setting up a crib. His Alpha had been buying things left and right for the baby, which honestly warmed his heart seeing how much Dean was excited for the baby. Looking back at the mirror he ran his hands over again trying to see if anything small changes had happened.
“What?”
That sure explained a lot. Also, why Jimmy’s brother had been giving him a suspicious look when he had shown up. At least now he knew that they didn’t right off hate him they just had a worry for their little brother. Kissing Jimmy’s softly Sam just held him, swearing that he’d do anything to comfort him.
“Damn, I can’t wait for dinner,” Opening the car door for the Omega, Dean watched him sniff around. “Can you smell him?”
“Yeah, let’s head out. Hey, this place has a back door?”
Hours later when Castiel woke up he felt something warm, soft. Looking down to see a ball of black fur he sat up quickly realizing he had just stolen his favorite cat from the shelter. Bee was a senior cat that hadn’t been adopted and it was hard finding her a home. He held her close looking around confused until it hit him that he was home, in bed with warm pajamas on.
Didn’t even know they were moving again.
“That’s why he agreed to go to college.” Balthazar looked horrified, sick to his stomach as he fell back against the pillows. “Wait, that makes no sense because after college he didn’t take a job like you did. What happened?”
A few minutes later Castiel was mixing the batter by himself looking happy. Michael was now thinking that maybe sending down the young Angel with blind knowledge to the world was a mistake. Yet he couldn’t help enjoy how happy he looked making a portion of human food.
“Well, you know how I took off years ago?”
Dean could feel the family glaring daggers at him like it was his fault that Castiel had to leave. He was only glad that Cas and Balthazar were back int the hospital room. Dean was also glad that Balthazar hadn't kept the knife with him because the blonde had yet to let go of the younger Omega and might actually stab him.
“Fucking finally,”
“Do you want to eat?” Jack asked turning back to head back to the kitchen making her a plate and dodging the question. “I made it tonight, but I don’t think Jimmy noticed. He was really focused on his brother. I hope he’s alright,”
Ropes?
“You, you’re next door?!” The other Alpha glared looking him over. “Why the hell are you coming over at this time at night?”
"Alright, I was worried, and I needed back up, come on, you can ever have a milkshake."
Shivering Cas closes his eyes taking in deep breaths of Dean’s scent. They relaxed into each other for a long while scenting each other, the humming of his anxieties easing away as he felt Dean’s hands running down his back and spin. They stayed like that in a comforting silence until Cas felt his stomach turn again.
“Hello! Welcome new neighbor!” The woman smiled, she looked friendly and held out a tiny pan. “We heard you moved in last night, so we brought over something to eat, you know, since moving is tiring.”
Shifting a little Castiel slowly nodded unease shifting in his scent. Reaching over he started to put everything back into the bag. He tried not to look at Jason as he did so. Once it closed, he set it nearer to Jason.
From the reports the neighbor had seen Castiel earlier that day that he was packing his things with the other Omega when Dan came home early. She heard a lot of commotion and then screaming. She called the police and in a frantic fear she had messed up the address.
“Dean, I’ll call you back,”
“We needed some things,” A lot of things since they just up and left. “I just need to get the meat last. I’m making stakes tonight.”
Jumping he looked over where his brother was waiting. Slowly he got up to follow him, up the stairs, he noticed it was covered in pictures with people he didn’t know, not like the ones back home where he knew who and their clothes were given their status.
Cass?
“We didn’t know. I mean, we knew that Cassie didn’t come home as often or call, text, and there was always an excuse about not being able to come home or visit but like… it happened slowly.” Sitting down Jimmy wrapped his arms around himself. “I don’t know how we didn’t notice. Then we find out there was a murder at the apartment where they lived. A body was found stabbed multiple times. They were gone. Now that we know about who this guy really was and that’s when put up missing flyers… that’s why I was upset. I saw one in the restaurant, it was old but, it’s been a while since I’ve seen one.”
Nodding Castiel turned around seeing the mess on the floor his hands going to his head with a sudden twinge of fear. He reached for some of the dishtowels and was about to get on his hands and knees to clean it up when Dean stopped him.
“How old were you when he gave you to Bartholomew?”
“I miss my coma already,” Chuckling that turned into a gasp Balthazar groaned as the pain flared. “Alright, laughing is off the table. When can I go home?”
“Promise,” Kissing him softly Dean looked into those sky-blue eyes. “I’ll be back soon.”
“Hey, hello?” Lucifer patted his head with a fake knock. “Don’t think about going back right now. First, it’s freezing cold, second, your clothes aren’t done and besides, you need time to think.”
“Babe, no, listen, you don’t worry about that. You got to be with your brother, uh, do you need a bag or something I can pack for you or anything?” Worry filled him because Jimmy didn’t sound alright. “I can bring it over or go get you and bring you home. What do you want to do?”
Instead of using it to go to college he cashed it in, took off. Got his apartment and ended up finding a nice cafe nearby which happened to be hiring. So, he took the job, low paying as it was, and worked his way up into being taught how to cook.
Frowning Dean headed downstairs to go make up an excuse to see what kind of a mood Jason was in. After was the was a couple had ‘missed’ the block party, the Alpha’s saying that they were going out of town to visit family. The car had left, Jason with it, but Dean had been texting Cas all the time he was gone.
Letting out a deep grumble from his throat Castiel got up. If he didn’t head downstairs then they’d come looking for him. Going down the stairs his stomach growled as the aroma of food wafted up. Rounding downstairs into the dining room where they were moving together to set plates down Castiel went to grab the ice.
“Do you like it?”
Crap, did he sleep with him?
Growing, years later, accepting the past, that nothing could change, so the shock of seeing- no, it wasn’t real. Whatever Balthazar had seen was just a Hallucinations his mind had made up thanks to the violent heat. One that hadn’t happened in so long he nearly forgot about it.
“Cas, I talked to Meg, she said you’ve been in love with that cat since your first day, and she seems to help you,” Adding another cloud Dean shrugged. “Besides, I heard you mumbling about her and look, I know it’s still hard for you to tell me things, it’s alright, but please remember this. You never have to be worried about asking me about anything.”
“I’ll call you back later!” He hit the button seeing whatever it was line up before a pulse humming through the area. Looking around Sam pulled out his gun setting it on his lap. “Any idea what that thing is?”
“Thanks, man,” Sam got to his feet rubbing his backside. “Uh, I don’t think we met?”
“Nope, I finished that,” Dean went to the profiles and laughed when he saw a new name next to his. “I let my neighbor use Netflix, just curious on what he’s watching.”
“I’m not going anywhere,” Kissing him, Darius grinned against his lips feeling Lucifer's smile. “Sleep for a little bit alright?”
“…No. Yes,” Looking down Castiel licked his lips. His body was sore, worn out and from everything that seemed to come crashing down he looked over at Dean. “I feel like I’m not myself. Kind of like I’m out of my own body just watching things go by,”
“Uh- Um, thank you…” Looking at his plate in a state of shock he picked up the fork carefully eating the food. Having no idea what came over the Alpha he just opted to keep his mouth shut. Seeing the beer bottle empty he stood up getting the bottle. “Would you like seconds, Alpha?”
“Only because Henderson'ss accounts have been odd. I don’t trust him, but I have no proof, and knowing he’s involved with my family makes me, well, worried.”
“Uh, what I mean, is that it's everywhere. No patches. Like it was thrown and if there had been furniture in the apartment it would have been on that or left, plus I just got this from a good friend of mine,” Handing over the printed-out papers he put his finger on the door. “There is no record of a Dan up until five years ago, but wait, look at this,”
“Ugh, fine,” Rolling his eyes the blond-headed outside to where the oldest was smoking. “Hey, so, Jimmy’s here, we’re gonna sit down and eat,”
“Dude, I thought the perks of me living in my own apartment meant I’d be alone when I slept,” Sitting back rubbing his eyes, the nineteen-year-old looked at his brother. “Can you at least buy me pizza?”
“Lucifer didn’t run away.” Michael started. “You remember the big deal that happened at your high school at Senior Prom?”
“Hey, Jimmy, your boyfriend is insane,” Gabriel walked in with a small box, clearly not wanting to carry anything up. “But he is in damn good shape,”
Staring at Adam the Alpha sat back. “Smart move kid,”
“Wow, that’s a Coincidence.”
“He yelled ‘See you later bitches, I’m going to go fuck around’ and danced out the doors dancing to a stripper song,” Castiel face turned redder shaking his head as Dean busted out into laughter. “It’s not funny, we didn’t go back for months!”
Because he was just using Dean until he could run far, hide, just vanish. Even though he wanted to go home, go see his family there was no way they’d see him. With everything that happened, what he did to Elias, there was no way they’d ever want to hear or see from him again.
“You left it in way too long,” He paused. “Did no one tell you when the light goes off you need to take it out?”
“Are you alright?”
Closing the trunk Balthazar followed him over to the car. He smiled seeing it coming along nicely. Almost like the old pictures back at his grandparents’ old house. Walking around it slowly a part of him was still shocked that it was the same car. Pausing he frowned and looked over.
“Hey,” Holding out a lunch bag Castiel smiled. “I made you a sandwich for lunch,”
“I’m coming too,” Darius pulled Lucifer to him, holding his hand tight. “I’m looking forward to that chat.”
“What?”
“Sure, however, I’m on my way out of town,” Letting go of Jack slowly he looked at the tall moose of an Alpha. “What is it?”
Muting the phone, he sighed deeply having his night now ruined. Sliding his lover over, the man got out of bed pulling on his boxers and his robe. Tying it up he looked at the blond who was starting to stir.
“Random? I’m fixing your car,”
“You know, when you asked me if you could bring Bee to the shelter, I was thinking I’d see you bring her in a carrier,” Meg said as she wanted the Omega to come in. “I didn’t expect this,”
Eerie in a sense the fallen had seemed to take on a mix of both the human he inhabited as well as his sassy self. Still, he had looked offended when Castiel had called him Lucifer before asking why the others got normal-sounding names.
“Alright, they are on their way to do a checkup at the house and I finally got my breath back,” The redhead smiled. “So, how are you?”
“Sam Winchester. Jimmy’s mate.”
“I can explain.”
Now he planned on saving up some money here and there. Meeting Jimmy had been one of the best things that happened last year. They had run into each other with Jimmy rushing to get to class, Sam rushing to get to his job when Jimmy dropped a book and when he leaned down to pick it up, Sam had come barreling around the corner tripping over him and they both ended up on the ground in pain.
Meanwhile, Dean was telling himself not to sniff the air, not to sniff the air but damn it he did. It was the best scent he had ever picked up. Heart beating fast, butterflies going nuts in his stomach he had to take a step back to remind himself on how inappropriate it was.
“Ah, been a while. Used to work at a shop to help put myself through school. And you? You always wanted to be in this business?”
All he could think of was where he could be, regret of not seeing what happened because he was too involved in fighting with Michael. If only he had known that the real threat was right under his nose.
“Stop!” Jimmy took a breath. “Sam. Do you have proof, that Castiel is alive or not?”
“Sam? Sammy?!” Cursing under his breath Dean hung up sighing. Walking back outside to work on the car he glanced over, the house was locked up, Castiel having brought over very few things. “Damn, what am I gonna do…”
No way.
“Jack? This Earth?” Sam narrowed his eyes at him. “This some new kind of plan you cooked up, Dean?”
Taking the phone Michael frowned reading over the documents. “What’s this?”
Jason always let him know that it was his fault, that God was punishing him for his sins.
That’s when his phone rang. Forcing him out of his sleep. Looking over at the name that flashed across the screen he frowned wondering if Michael had realized he wasn’t sick, and therefore about to nag him.
Once the dogs had been put into their proper kennels with food water and fresh warm blankets Castiel signed himself out as they walked on. Holding onto Dean’s arm as they walked down the street towards home, they both talked about their day.
Once dinner was over, they followed the same routine. Castiel cleaned up, washed, anything Jason wanted until it was time to sleep. As he slowly drifted off to sleep all he wondered if Dean had eaten a good dinner.
“Not yet, I need to watch it later.”
“What?”
“Um, something happened to my gift,”
“Good, give me a moment,” Standing up Jimmy excused himself for saying he’d be back. Once he was out by where the hostess sign was he smiled. “How was your day?”
“No, no, no, Jack, it’s alright, you can ask me anything,”
That little bastard had both him and Michael fooled.
“I was not, simply doing that I had to,” Sniffing a little he pulled back to hide the misty eyes, cleared his throat and clapped his hands. “Now then, let the others move in your things. Let’s make something to eat, I’m starving,”
“Ugh, stop that!”
"Not yet." The normal happy amused voice sounded tired. "Look, I was going to call you after class but then Balthazar got worried."
“Cas get the money, and baby picture, we’re leaving,” Dean growled looking around. He didn’t trust this. His mate wouldn’t lie, not about as something as serious as this. “Now. I’ll lock up.”
Looking over a bit surprised he saw Jimmy’s mate there, Sam, the Alpha was reading something on his phone while looking up on his laptop. Whatever it was Sam was frowning at it. Opening his water Jack took a drink slowly walking over.
“Not far. Need help?”
The Cat not only her own jacket, but it had a hood, and a harness with a leash, safely wrapped in her owner’s arms blinking a little. Castiel shifted a little bit kissing her head.
“Huh, they must buy the same brands,”
Jack had been in his room playing video games when it happened.
With being stuck here, according to them, their childhood home, he was back to living with Lucifer, who went by Nick, who was a painter, and instead of the sassy snark that he had gotten used to, he was calm and almost mellow. Painting and singing when he thought no one could hear him.
All packed up he headed over to Dean’s house.
Flipping through the papers of the crim scene Sam rubbed under his mouth looking as closely as he could. From what he gathered Dan Peterson had apparently been in a two-year long relationship with Castiel Novak before there was a loud commotion at the doctor’s apartment.
Making sure that everything was alright Dean left the hotel place heading back to his house when his phone rang. Getting to a red light he opened it and hit the speaking button.
“I’ll be good, and pick up after myself,” Jack promised. “I can cook and clean, and anything really,”
“Eric oversees that. Honestly, I think he has no idea how to say no to any of the speakers,” He chuckled. He watched his mate pour their glasses taking the one offered to him. “Thank you,”
Which was a shame because he had wanted the Angel to make Angel Food Cake. Laughing to himself at his own joke of an angel making angel cake Jimmy relaxed while Castiel ate.
“Does it matter? It’s not like he’s going to come through the door or anything,”
Finding out quickly that Jason was a narcissistic asshole Dean had to hold his tongue. He noticed that Castiel didn’t engage in the conversation. Instead, he looked like he was daydreaming, off in his own world as he ate. And it shocked Dean how the Alpha tapped the empty beer bottle causing Castiel to snap out of his daydream.
And not he had another wish.
“Oh, okay-”
“Yep.” Sitting up Adam cleared his throat hitting his chest. “Uh, so, who’s hungry?”
“What about a statue of Heavenly Father? I used to have one a long time ago, it was a set of two, but it…” Biting his lip Castiel had a flashback to when Jason smashed it against the wall, back when the Alpha used the name Dan. “…It got lost.”
“Oh, there it is,” Jimmy took it placing it on the shelf with a smile looking up at Sam. “I was wondering where it was,”
“Why me?”
There was a pause as Lucifer took a long slow drag looking out at the night sky. Releasing the Smoak he took the moment to right himself. Looking at his brother he sighed shaking his head.
Tensing a little Castiel reached out taking the pan. He hadn’t noticed Jason coming up behind him. Yet, like a switch Jason smiled his charm coming out naturally.
“Dean.”
“…Cut the bell peppers?”
“It doesn’t affect me,”
“You talked to it, so I guess… that’s a fairy?”
With nothing else left to help out with Michael just smiled watching at how mesmerized his brother was at something so simple. Taking off he was glad that Castiel could enjoy something so simple.
“I don’t know, let’s see,” Closing the laptop Sam walked to the kitchen looking around to see if they had anything. “Nope. I need to stop by a place, how about I buy you something to eat out there?”
Looking over he saw the man being shoved into the back of the car's trunk. Darius stayed still for a split second looking at his old friend Bruce shifting his mate before he looked down at a half-conscious Lucifer whose hand clung weakly to his shirt, eyes out of focus and his tongue was sticking out slightly from dehydration. His mate wasn’t weak by any means, but they had been hurting him since he was kidnapped.
“See you when you get here, Dean. And don’t be stopping for roadside hook ups,”
“I’m telling you, it’s a good thing we got here,” Linda growled. “Why the hell should we leave in a few months?”
“Mother trucker, that hurt like a bitch!” Jimmy held his hand to his chest cradling it as he bent over in pain. “Are you made of metal or something?!”
“Oh, of course,” Michael looked at his mate. “Excuse us,”
“I know, but it’s my company too. I want to know the truth for myself.” Standing next to the Alpha as they got to the elevator. Once it came down they stepped inside. Going up he could feel the anger rasing off the other Alpha. Looking up at him he placed at hand on the man’s shoulder looking upset. “Hey, it’s alright… I mean, I know he’s married to your brother but at least he treats him right? Come on! I bet you guys had a blast at the wedding! …Wish I was invited, that kind of hurt.”
Green met blue as the world melted away while the song played, the warmth of their bodies gave comfort that neither of them had before.
“You’re going to pass out one day,”
“We have time; besides, we’re waiting for our new identities,” Snapping his fingers Jason didn’t even bother to look at his Omega. “Food. Now.”
Michael, Gabriel, and Raphael.
“Well, you saw him…” Shrugging his shoulders. “What would Michael think?”
Yes, that had to be it.
“Um, no,”
“Sure, I’ll be right back,”
“Dean, let him pick his own stuff,”
Looking out the window he saw someone there looking up at the house next door. Just staring at it like the house was something so strange. Frowning he watched as other people got out and opened the back of the moving truck, hauling out stuff and rushing to get it inside.
“Dean.”
Still, in some shock, Jimmy looked through the files as Sam explained everything, from the clues, that oddness of the take-offs, empty apartments, missing doctors, blood tech, and so on.
“It sounds like something out of a movie,” Getting into the car Jimmy shook his head calling Michael to let them know what was going on, what happened, and rattled off the address before hanging up. The ride felt like it took forever. When they drove into the Bar, he took a breath, this time he wasn’t allowed to jump out of the car because Sam held onto his arm until the car was in park. “Let’s go!”
“He’s fine, probably pissed I left him in the hospital without telling him what's going on, but look Jimmy called and I need to talk to you.” He pulled Lucifer out. “Now, family matter first.”
Chuckling Darius smiled. “I wish there was a DJ. It actually would be exciting.”
“Easy, easy,” Darius had to stop him from jumping up. “You’re really banged up.”
“Castiel!” Jimmy yelled pushing Sam off running into the house. “That’s his scent! Cas! CAS!”
When they had released Balthazar from the hospital Dean had thought they would find somewhere to talk, but among the talking as he held Cas close they somehow ended up at a hotel, fancy one at that and everyone was checking in.
“First of all, this whole  thing is about Luci dating an Alpha, right?” Looking at Michael Balthazar really wished he had a drink. “I don’t remember what happened when Lucifer ran away from home because he came back to our parents' house, and for once Gabriel won’t open his trap, so… are you going to tell me? When he ran away all those years ago?”
“Wait, hold on,” Hand up to try to make sense the Omega shook his head. “Why hide it?”
Damn if Bobby were here, he was sure the man would have smacked him upside the head.
Happy to be carried since he had no idea if walking was an option Castiel panted. Being tossed, or maybe they tripped, he had no idea because Dean was on him kissing him senseless the second his back was on the mattress. Moaning deeply the Omega spread his legs eagerly feeling himself slick.
Inside it was furnished. Setting his suitcases down Castiel headed to the kitchen opening the fridge and frowned. It was empty.
"What do you mean he's out of jail?!" Dean yelled. It echoed down the hallway to the hospital room. "How the hell did they lose him?!"
“Thank you,” Lucifer let out a nervous laugh. “Uh, Balt, buddy, be right back, Darius, can you come with me for a few minutes, I need to talk to you.”
Getting up Castiel retrieved the tablet from the attic turning it on. He licked his lips before texting Dean through Skype.
“Wait, they’re not sick?” Sam frowned. “I sent them money for food.”
Taking in a deep slow breath Dean leaned forward, not sure if Cas would pull away or not, and pressed his lips against the other. Blue eyes slowly closed melting into the kiss. When he felt Dean deepen the kiss he let go, whimpering when Dean let out a satisfied grumble that radiated from his chest to his mouth.
“Oh, I got into a car crash, I thought I saw you, looks like I did and got hit by a car,” Shaking his head Balthazar just held on tighter. “Just let me hold you,”
“We don’t know,” The voice belonged to the doctor who walked in with Michael, the Alpha had a laptop with him over the patient file. “Sustained a fractured left arm, collapsed lung, we got that fixed, concussion to the head which led to coma, and deep bruising on your left side and back. We want to keep you for a few days and from if you’re doing better by then we can get you home.”
An echo chimed in happily.
“Thank you,” He blinked as the Omega left. “I wasn’t done- never mind, Jack, can you go ask if I can eat something? I’m starving,”
“He’s still in therapy,”
With a click and struggle for the key, the damn thing never worked right, he managed to push it open. Getting inside he made sure to lock it before looking at the keyholder to see who was home. Only one was there with multiple little cards for food places, gas stations, rewards, and so on all of which hung off with a duck keychain, the strap of the pink lanyard had buttons pinned to it with five on each time.
“Father’s going to be mad.”
Gather his clothes he squeezed them out before putting the basket he was giving. Trying to mop up the floor with one of the towels gave him a little time before he had to go out and talk to Lucifer.
An echoing voice whispered.
“I did. I also watch a show I enjoyed and now there was a movie that was on my list. I think it was recommended,”
“Hey, Sam,”
“Cas, listen, we’re going to go see the doctor, but please tell me when this stuff happens to you. Anything, sick, tired, you don’t have to hide this from me, okay?”
Walking in Sam smiled seeing them there. Staying back, he let them have their reunion. He was suddenly pushed out of the way though landing on his ass as the rest of the Novaks, minus one, came barreling in. Cussing as he went down, he glared up only for someone to help him up.
It was strange. Castiel remembered being upset about getting a shot, Jimmy crying and throwing a fit, but he could also remember that after the shot his brother had gotten them ice cream, took them to the park and the shots are forgotten until way later when Jimmy recalled his arm was sore.
“Can I ask you something, Sam?”
“You were tired,” Michael rubbed his neck. “The twins were sick, so you had been up all that weekend watching them and when their fevers broke and they knocked out, you did too.”
“Yes?” Standing Darius walked over frowning. “What is it?”
“Oooh, that sounds fun,” Lucifer moved back walking over to the couch in the office. “Did you bring cups?”
The lasted for a short while when he found out that Castiel had been mated. From an Alpha who he damn well didn;t like. Heading home there was a meeting on it with all the family coming back to arguing that none of the siblings liked the Alpha Dan.
Jerking his head up from the trunk running around tackling the person off his mate. Growling he started to brawl with the Alpha who attacked his Omegayelling at Castiel to get in the car.
“I gotta go with the guys for a few days. Got a run-in town over. Get all this cleaned up before I come back on Sunday.” Jason waved his hand around as if all the stuff should have been put away when they moved in last night. He grabbed the lunch and stuff the rest of the money into his pocket. In less than a split second, he grabbed his Omega yanking him close, and breathed down his neck. He could feel the tremors from Castiel body. Pulled down the collar and tie more he looked at the mating mark. Teeth aching Jason bit down hard enough to break the skin growled when Castiel gasped in pain and wiggled. Letting go without bothering to lick the wound he pushed him away. “Now, remember, don’t do anything stupid while I’m gone.”
Even worse the more they had a small chat Jimmy could feel the love that Castiel had for Dean and it made him sick. Because every single time he knew that Cas was going to forgive Dean, but Dean was going to drag out being angry and pissed off at Castiel until he needed something, or death was at the forefront before forgiving the angel.
Moving back, he unlocked the door and opened it. “Dean, you’re back.”
“I thought I saw Cassie getting on a bus,” Gulping a pain in his heart and throat he shook his head. “He seemed so real and next thing I know I’m waking up here.”
A tense pause before he turned away heading back inside.
“Wow, thanks,” With a smile, Jack went to go get ready.
“Yeah, thanks, Bobby.” Dean sighed. “Sorry, I didn’t know. Well, I’ll hold on to Balthazar’s money until he wakes up or his brothers come by. Hey, so you said they knew Sam?”
Eyes slowly closing Castiel whispered something. He wasn’t sure exactly until he heard Dean speaking before the world went into blissful darkness.
That’s what he called himself here. Castiel had no idea what kind of curse this was or how long it was going to last, still he had been shocked when he was bailed and signed out by a few of his brothers, more so when they claimed to have different names. At least Lucifer had kept his vessel’s name, but he wasn’t anything like the Archangel he recalled.
“Joy.” Adam took the books over to the table setting the stuff down before going back to grab the rest of the stuff that the Alpha was handing him. Part of him thought that maybe he should have stayed home. “Sam, don’t you have class or work or anything?”
“…Sore,” Eyes closing he sighed deeply. “In a lot of pain…”
“Well, I do like to spoil you but sadly no. Company has its meeting, disguised as a party to see if we can close some deals, which means both I and Micheal must be there for it.” Sighing he shook his head. “This weekend, but I don’t want to leave you on your own while your family is going through something like this,”
“I don’t know, I don’t think so,” Castiel looked down before holding his head frowning. “Everything is happening so fast,”
“No way, you found someone to restore it?!”
“What?!” Rushing over Lucifer opened the device on the table he tossed the burnt thing into the sink and turned on the water. “What are you doing?!”
Nodding Sam turned around grabbing his jacket off the bed. “I just remembered I forgot to take care of something, I’ll be back in a bit.”
“Sure thing, man,” She smiled leaning against the fence “Take care of my unicorn,”
“Don’t move.”
“You do love beer,” Castiel nodded.
Pressing against the wet entrance Dean kissed Cas hard once again hiking the Omega’s legs over his arms. Slowly inch by inch into the tight incredibly hot wet heat, swallowing Castiel’s gasps of pleasure until he was buried deep inside of his Castiel.
Looking into the cup for a long second Castiel thought about going back, to say he was sorry, it was his fault, he must have done something or said something or just wasn’t enough and he could fix it.
“I think I got it,” Dean nodded checking it. When it still gave an off clicking sound, he frowned. “Guess not. Bread me.”
“He has a knife!” Jimmy yelled as loud as he could. “Sam!”
“Castiel?” Sam frowned. “I thought he was taken back to heaven?”
“Why did you ask me that?”
“Yes, and I will be prescribing a few things to help, but let me be the first to congratulate you two.” The doctor smiled holding up a paper looking right at Castiel. “You’re pregnant.”
Leaving Castiel walked down the street. It was freezing cold outside and the coat he had on could only keep him warm for so long. He had no skills, not human ones anyway.
“I had a friend who got bad heats, they’d hit him out of nowhere, so I keep them around to help,”
“Aw, damn, that sucks,” Dean pulled up some statues. “Was it special to you?”
“Uh, awesome. I’m gonna go take a shower, be back in about half-hour, sound good?”
“No, they wouldn’t. No, I talked to them, well, yelled mostly. Somehow it got to how much it would be to let Lucifer go, and they set a price.”
“Ouch,” Nodding Dean sat back looking up in thought. “I’m coming up with nothing. Cas?”
Leading down Angels to fight demons. Glorious battle with only the thought of pleasing and completing their mission to God above who would be proud of them for completing such a mission. To cease the Fallen Brother who disobeyed that everyone knew even thinking such thoughts of doubt would result in seeking reflection.
“Yes, I see,” Nodding Darius sighed. “Just a lot of things going on with my Husband’s family. No, it’s alright, I’ll talk to him about it. Thank you Eric, I’ll talk to Micheal about the Company Party. Speaking of which why is it called a party if it’s a Mandatory meeting with food and wine? No, friend, just getting old I guess, talk to you later,”
Sam looked over at where the line had been, it was smaller, but still concerning. “Cut yourself.”
Work went on until three am. He was supposed to leave an hour ago, but looking for another call-in had been trouble. The Manger looked like they were losing their mind until finally, someone else came in. Eyes swollen with sleep, hair mussed up, and claimed they got there fast because they lived across the street.
“You drugged me!”
Eric.
That made it worse.
“Well,” Dean cleared his throat. A wave of bubbling anger filling his body. Signs were popping all over about how the two worked. Getting up he walked over to wash his hands peeking over as Cas leaned down to put the tray of rolls into the oven the collar of his shirt moving. Bruising. Repressing a deep growl that wanted to merge he cleared his throat. “I have a projector. How about we watch the movie over at my place? Besides, it’s been forever since I've seen the movie,”
“Hey, Cas, come on in,”
“No!” Jimmy snapped grabbing Castiel's hand. “We just got you back!”
“Yep.”
Maybe Castiel deserved this life.
“Thingy?” Chuckling Dean walked over as the guy popped the trunk. Going to the back he looked at the old part for the car picking it up. “Yep, that’s the thingy I needed. Well, come on over, check out the progress.”
"Yes. Forget the Omega, we don't have time for that."
Once he got the oil changed, he happened to look up when he heard a car door close. Looking up he paused seeing Jason there. He was smiling at his phone, which pissed him off. But he forced a smile.
“Cas, look at me,” He said gently. “I’m going to be right back and don’t worry, Benny is a good man, he’ll protect you. I will be right back and you're safer here than anywhere else right now.”
Looking for the cat that needed his help Castiel walked around, hearing it but not seeing it. Where was the poor cat? Worry filled him when suddenly he was jerked awake, hearing a gasping sound next to him. Blinking Castiel sat up slowly next to Dean realizing he had woken up when Dean had shot up in bed and it causes him to fall off him.
“Yeah, sure, when pigs fly,”
“Fine! Look,” Dean took out his knife slowly, running it over his arm and when he looked up the other Sam had holy water out throwing it into his face. “See?”
“Dean, Jimmy makes his own spread.”
“What happened to your parents? If ya don’t mind.”
Then Cas went inside when Jason said something.
“No, but I found you.” Dean pointed. “Sammy met Sam and his captured Angel.”
“Hey, I’ll buy us some dinner, come on, let’s go have some fun!” Grinning Dean moved back out of the room. Ever since Cas had moved in, he had been very hesitant about leaving his own home because he was constantly worried that Jason would do somehow do something to Cas. “Come on, get ready, I’ll go check out the movies times,”
“But you don’t know. What if it’s a bunch of ones hidden under the hundreds or if the bills are fake?” Moving away from the Alpha he crossed his arms. “I could double-cross you, and you’d never know,”
Watching as the Alpha walked away, he had to keep working on the car glancing over every few minutes. Ten minutes felt like a long time until finally, he saw the man come out with Castiel who helped him carry in the suitcase. There was a moment where he had to pause seeing Jason smiling at him, pulling out something from his jacket handing it to the Omega who looked it over his hand running over the picture with a small smile.
“Sam!” Jimmy screamed out from inside. “SAAAAM!”
“Yes, you did,” Michael smiled. “Now you know what happened.”
“Of course, I’ll find someone to check on you later,”
Driving up to the house, with the street covered in snow, the houses coated with it as Dean and Castiel looked up at the house. It was a single-story house out in the suburbs where they had been placed. They only had burner phones from the detective and an address once they were dropped off at the airport.
Castiel went to open his mouth before closing it. Looking at the coffee mug in front of him he thumbed it before taking another sip trying to warm up at least a little. For a second, he thought it was a mistake to come here, to leave home, and to leave the Angelic Foundation family.
“Yes?!” Jumping the Omega backed up hearing the voice call up. "Dean?"
“…Yep. Uh, for about six months now,” Poking at the wall not wanting to talk about it he reached up scratching at the patch. “We kind of met at one of Michael’s company parties and welp, things happen.”
“You could have fooled me,”
“Welp, hate to tell you this but he might not,” Taking another bite Dean looked over at the tv. “Hey, mind if I check Netflix?”
“Well, go on, let’s see what you got,” Summoning a drink he watched as Castiel slowly opened it. “Who gave it to you by the way?”
Ah, some things would never change.
There was a long pause of silence that left Dean worried.
“Yeah, still don’t believe why you’re here.” Sam paused hearing an echoing. Reaching into his shirt he pulled out the vial hanging off the rope that kept it around his neck. “You sure?”
Something must have happened to leave Castiel so down on his luck, so- wait. Hold the hell up! Jimmy took a long moment for it to hit on why they were always hungry or why they would sleep randomly or at least Jimmy thought that Cas was doing some Angel mind stuff but now it hit him.
“We don’t know.” Stomach twisting Castiel felt horrible. “I’m sorry,”
“Oh, wow, this is amazing,” He grinned shaking their hands. “Castiel, why don’t you put that in the kitchen, please? I’m so sorry we just eat, or we would have eaten the food you brought.”
“Cas, you don’t have to cook all the time, okay?” Putting the suitcases away he grabbed their coats putting Cas’s back on him. “Let’s go see what’s out there, aright?”
“Yep?”
The echoes chimed, laughing.
Nothing came to mind.
“Yep, and these,” Darius had to hold onto his mate as he moved forward to point at the next one. “And these are mine. And those ones are Eric’s. We all have the same amount; the company is shared between us equally but something has been happening between mine and Michael’s accounts. Just can’t figure out how it’s spilling into mine.”
“… Yeah, okay. Have fun,” Alright, he couldn’t even use him to his advantage this was just sad. He paused hearing a hacking sound. Looking back, he frowned. “What?”
“That’s right,” He grinned as he downed the last of the beer tossing it into the bin. “One last ride.”
“Still feels like a dream. Sometimes I wonder if it happened or if I’m trapped in a messed-up dream,” Castiel looked into those green eyes. “Dean?”
“Dean?”
Just to be away from the Winchesters.
Jimmy groaned at their boss.
Cass!
“Yep. So, come on and please, try not to fight with Michael, you know what today is,”
“He wasn’t Father of the year,” Drying his face the Alpha headed back out of the bathroom pulling Cas off the door frame. “Bobby adopted me and Sam. I think of him as my real Dad. Tossed my ass in therapy. Man, I was pissed, but in the end, it helped me.”
“I wish I could talk to Cas,” Nuzzling his face into Sam’s chest Jimmy sighed deeply before taking in his scent. He loved this man so much. When they got married, he wanted to let him know how much. Frowning he paused moving back. Looking out into space he whispered. “Castiel needs a seat.”
“Of course, anything you want,” Dena looked at Cas. “I know your religious, so I was thinking, there’s a church not too far from here, I’m not, well, can’t say I’m religious, but if you want to go, I’ll go with you,”
“I looked up baby clothes and they do,” Castiel smiled at him. “And matching little boots,”
“Four months seems long, and short,” Getting up slowly the omega went to get something to drink, chocolate milk with way more chocolate than it should probably have and a beer. Going back to sit down he popped the cap off the cold beer handing it to Dean who took it. Pouring more milk into his glass he took a long drink. “Do you have any in mind?”
“Way off,” Sam nodded, it was almost five hours, they had hit town thirty minutes ago. He was holding onto the glass orb as small gray ribbon-like things held onto his wrist. “I need to get gas and something to eat,”
“Please,” Rubbing his face Cas held onto Bee as the cat just hung there happy to be held.
It came out as a question. Keeping from wanted to snack Jason’s neck Dean looked back at the car. It didn’t need to be done today, so he had time. Walking into the house watching as the Omega moved over still looking confused about what was going on.
“De- Um, Clint,”
Nodding Castiel carefully put the batter in, closing the top, and waited.
“Bring me back ice cream,” Lucifer mumbled rubbing his hands over Darius’s shoulders and head. “Oh my god, you're so handsome. Are you single?”
“Thank you.” Eyes closed Castiel pulled back to go get drinks. Opening the fridge he grabbed chocolate milk. He had been having a bad craving for it all week, so he drank it with each meal. “Do you want a soda or a beer?”
“Yeah, well, a cult leader is like that.”
Nodding Darrius watching the family hugging. “So, mind catching me up, I only got the hysteric from the phone car while me and my mate, Lucifer, we’re heading here.”
Looking at it, Cas ran his hand over it. “What’s this for?”
“This is it?”
He also found out they were damn rude to Cas.
Getting the others to help was like pulling teeth. Having to use guilt to get some time off so he could study only to have that door shut when his parents decided that a free caretaker was better to have then his turn to go to college.
“I started my heat. In the middle of getting here,” Looking around nervous his body feeling hot inside. “I put as much scent blockers as I could on, but I don’t need someone sniffing me out.”
Rushing upstairs to the bedroom he grabbed the calendar looking it over. It was nowhere near his heat. Not only that his heats were so light sense he had a miscarriage. The stress on his body over the past few years had kept the heats down, more importantly, had kept him from carrying. If anything, even if he had gotten pregnant the stress would cause him to lose the babies.
“Yeah, but let’s get a drink.”
“This one will have more flavor,” He held it out waiting anxiously waiting. Relaxing when the Alpha took it, he looked smiling. “Um, it’s the marbling,”
Sam walked over with the bowl of spread and looked at the name. “Angel?”
“Pancakes- what?! What the hell is going on?!”
“Hey, yep, I got a rush job, so I wasn’t able to stay but, uh, you know I really meant it when I said you didn’t have to wash the cart right?” Dean smiled, he had come home to only to find the cart washed, cleaned and he wasn’t sure but he sure that it was polished. “So, I have a question,”
Once that was done, he headed back downstairs to the kitchen. The food in the oven was smelling delicious. Checking on it he figured another ten minutes would do the trick. Standing up he turned on the water to the sink filling up on the side so he could soak the bowls he used.
A loud crack was heard far off. “Jimmy!”
“Don’t worry, Cas, I’ll keep you safe.”
Looking away Castiel looked at a few things, the ceiling fan, the tv before glancing back at Dean. He was worried but Dean smiled at him warming his heart. Looking down at their connected hands Castiel licked his lips.
“Oh wow, thank you,” Dean took the warm pan looking at it. “Yeah, we haven’t lived anywhere where it snows before, so we’re getting used to it. Clarence, come meet our neighbors.”
“Oh shit.” Leaning back the Omega rubbed his face. “They snitched to Dad and Mom.”
Grabbing some jeans, he had tossed over a chair, and his jacket Dean made his way downstairs. He paused thinking maybe it was odd to go say hello but then again what better way to get a peek at what the new neighbor had. Walking out the door he easily crossing the yard and walked over to the other standing there.
“I can’t smell anything,” Balthazar commented picking up his drink. “No, rut, so why is your gland hurting?”
“You can’t promise me that,” Jimmy said sorrowfully.
“Just upset.” Sam pulled over into a rest stop.
“I told you,” Gabriel half sang. “I bet that’s what woke him up,”
Sam was sitting at one of the many circle tables watching as people talked about the company. It was his third time at one of these so-called parties and next time he was serisuly thinking of begging Jimmy not to come back. The food was amazing, drink options alright, he preferred a beer and once in a while dancing. Be it mostly slower and slower dancing but damn it he wanted to leave. Smiling once the speaker was done and they did a odd golf clap thing he looked at Jimmy.
“Now?”
“Oh, right did you ever meet, Castiel?” Charlie asked.
“Wait, Michael!” With a worried face Eric rushed after him keeping at the heels of the Alpha. “I’ll come with you.”
“Oh, well, “Nodding Dean pursed his lips frowning as he nodded. “No problem.”
Jimmy was happy about that as they stalked more.
Taking a slow bite of his food Castiel’s eyes were stuck on the movie he was watching. It was something he’d never thought to put on his list, but Dean was always popping in on the profile to add in whatever he thought he would like and so far, Castiel had enjoyed it.
“Take our or cooking in?”
The doctor looked taken aback. “I’m sorry, it wasn’t in your chart and we were having trouble getting your records from your old doctors,”
“He’s in the guest room, right down the hall and to the left,” Closing the door Sam went gather up all the files, papers, putting them into his bag. Going to his room to grab his shoes, he was heading out when he saw the room open and the older Omega hugged Jack tightly. It was comforting to know that the kid was well-loved and taken care of, but he just felt bad knowing now that Balthazar lost a good chunk of his childhood and teen years to it. He paused. “Hey, uh, can I ask you something?”
“Jack, Charlie you stay here, Jack you help her and Charlie once you catch your breath, do your thing okay?”
“Only if you want too,” Reaching over Dean popped the lid off. “There you go,”
“Because, A, I’m not a dick and B, you need to be here safe, I talked to the Omega downstairs, she has a Do not disturb protocol for Omegas and I’ll wait outside until they bring your food and water,” Dean helped him to the bed letting him lay down and backed away. “Um. Good luck… and you can do this… so… do”
A sob escapes Castiel’s throat, one he was trying to cling onto. Memories of the times he lost the babies, twice he hadn’t even picked up on being pregnant only to spend a day alone bloody and forced to clean up before anyone made it home. The fear of bringing in a child with how Jason was left him traumatized.
“You, what?! Who?!” This was great then Dean and his mate could come home! “Who is it, Charlie?!”
“I got you,”
“Not yet,”
“What’s wrong?”
“Guess we gotta get moving then.” Nodding his head Sam looked up at the sky. “They’re getting faster this time.”
“You want to get remarried in a church?” Jimmy tried to rush forward fully ready to get his brother to agree to a full-on wedding when he was pulled back by Michael. “Hey!”
“What?” Looking up Jimmy watched as Sam hurried out. “Hey, don’t forget your phone!”
“You ever check the group chat?” Lucifer pulled out his phone looking it over. “Both Christian and Ricky said they’d be here about seven and Don said he was going to be about a half-hour late.”
Feeling the warmth and comfort as Castiel took his first bite of a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Slow and unsure until he relaxed. It was a nice feeling, even if he had to walk an angel through making one and not just trying to toss them together in a messy heap.
“It was your brother’s,” Shocked Sam couldn’t imagine finding out that your brother was dead that way. Studying law had shown Sam that it almost meant double as a detective to prove evidence. If they had that much blood, then the only outcome was that the bastard hid the body. “Did they ever find the guy?”
“Lifesaver,” Leaning up he kissed Sam before moving away hugging Jack. “Love you both, see you after school!”
Nodding Darius looked at him. “After this, we don’t know each other, right?”
“Ow, ow, ow,” Balthazar gasped but hugged Jack all the same. “Deary, I’m in pain, but thank you,”
“Yeah, no, come on,” Pulling Adam out of the room he raised an eyebrow. “How are those flying pigs?”
Jason and his friends... Carl and Linda were there.
Turning away Dean heading back to his place. Going inside he rubbed his chin thinking it over. Even if this was a short move or why they moved here in the middle of the night something was just not right with the situation.
“Alright, where is your spare?”
Grinning Darius chuckled pulling his mate close kissing him back. “As tempting as it is, I made a promise to stick it out, but how about tomorrow we go out? Movie, dinner, just a night out on the town?”
“Just hold on a minute!" Dean held his hand out. “Jimmy that’s you?! HEY! PUT THAT DOWN!”
“Cas, listen to me. I don’t think you killed your friend, from what it sounds like you were drugged but we need to go now,” Dean gently grabbed his upper arms making the blue-eyed Omega look at him. “I still love you, Cas, a lot but we need to get out of the house now and I need to get you somewhere safe.”
“Bee would have gotten cold.”
“Yes?”
“Really good,” Nodding Lucifergiggled waved towards the window. “I feel like I’m flying. I mean look at the stars.”
“Ah!” Pulling the phone away from his ear Sam frowned at it before holding it back up to his ear. “Are you okay?”
“Yeah?”
Picking up a plain piece Castiel leaned over a little bit helping Dean eat the bread as he watched. The Alpha downed the bread. Grabbing some water, he helped Dean with that too as he ate his frosted bread.
“Coming,” Running back over Cas felt sick. “Are you sure you’re not mad at me?”
“Your eye looks gross,”
“So, Jay, you work on cars as much as you do people?”
His phone when off from where it was clipped into the car vent. Glancing over he saw it was Bobby. Turning the music lower he reached over putting it on speaker.
It was his fault.
Sam watched him rush around finally grabbing a pen. Going back to the planner he wrote his twin’s name into a space between him and another family member. Realizing what this was Sam sat next to him puling the mate close.
“What is it?” Jimmy looked over with him. “What’s wrong?!”
Walking into the living room the smell of paint hit his nose. Even if he had grown used to the scent he still had to take a moment to scrunch up his nose. Walking over to a window he pulled it up letting the air filter out the fumes.
Downing it while the other put the tire in the trunk he was half thinking about jumping out of the car. Shivering looked down as the fire in his stomach started to make him hotter and there was no way he wanted to explain why/if he slicked the in the man’s car.
If Sam said he pulled into the driveway, that was a lie. He almost tore into it before parking. Jimmy was out of the car before he could stop him. Pulling out his phone Sam called the police to meet them at the house while Jimmy ran next door.
Jimmy was pissed off tugging at Cas’s mind.
He was going to punch Dean!
“You can have whatever you want,” Dean leaned back. “How about a couple of beers?”
"You what?!"
“Oh,” Lucifer groaned and held up his hand frowning as he made a face. “Please teach him how to word things.”
His older brother used to call him that. Still, he managed a smile. “Yes, I’m sorry. If everything were done, we’d be more than happy to let you in.”
“No, looks like his neighbor made him the same thing for helping him move boxes in.” Handing over his phone Sam laughed. “It looks just like yours. I thought it was just him resending the picture back, but the plates are different.”
Eyes closing tight Lucifer tried to block it all out but the shouts, the banging, and then something banging on the metal doors made him almost, and he really meant almost, had him praying when light flooded the space and his eyes burned with the light even though they were closed tight.
“You selfish asshole!”
“I’m sorry, I don’t want to upset anyone,” Castiel jumped when he was pulled into a hug leaning into his family. Sniffling his already red puffy eyes started to blur again with tears. “I don’t want to leave either,”
Going downstairs he stopped hearing Dean talking to someone on the phone. Instincts told him to go somewhere else, but he wondered, maybe slightly fearful or shamefully to see what Dean would do if he walked over.
“It’s fine,” Lucifer shrugged again, still a bit curious about this situation. After all he hadn’t seen any of his family since he was kicked out. “So, how about you tell about this husband? First, congrats didn’t know you were married, second, what’d the bastard do.”
Slowly Sam woke up feeling like his head had heavy bricks in it. Eyes opening, he heard something playing. Music? Sitting up he realized he was in a car. Looking overseeing his other self-driving he blinked shaking his head.
“Cas?” Eyes wide Dean hurried down the ladder rushing over to him. “Hey, what’s wrong?”
“You must have felt him,” Sam patted the jar as it let out a happy cry. “If it's tracking down the closest Angel then it picked up him.”
Going back inside Castiel went to go get laundry done. Jason wanted everything he was taking this weekend to be washed, ironed and folded. Adding in the pods the Omega let the wash run while he went to go dust some things. Nothing needed to be cleaned but Jason was watching a movie that he liked.
He had to tell Dean no.
“Well, I haven’t been disappointed yet,” He grinned. “Hey, need me to bring anything?”
“I didn’t know,” Jason growled
They hung up as Sam rubbed his face his stomach sinking. Castiel, if he were alive because for two years, the Novak family had no the Omega might still be alive, but in those two years if Dan had killed him no one would no. Rubbing the back of his head the Alpha let out a grumble of frustration.
Suddenly it felt like his eyes were open and Jimmy could see that the reason for the darkness had been because Castiel had his eyes closed. They also felt sore, whoa that was new. And cold.
Jimmy knew this.
“What did it tell you?”
“Nope, we left a few days ago,” A few hours ago, really, but Sam had no idea if Dean was there or listening in. “Took care of a witch while we were there,”
Ignoring it he went back to thinking of a plan when it happened again this time he was sure it was Castiel. What would he want calling him? Besides the fact, he had killed him. Then again if anyone needed proof the youngest angel was the favorite because Father kept bringing the kid back to life. Curiosity got to him so he went to go see what the baby angel wanted. Planned on maybe scaring him only to appear in a room with smoke coming up from the table.
Following Dean around, as they explored the place, the found the washroom, bathrooms, the Master Bedroom was a nice, fairly good size, even had a tv in there. They worked together to put their clothes away.
“How come you didn’t tell me?” Dean frowned a little bit. When Cas looked away, he reached over gently pulling his face slowly over to look at him. “He didn’t care if you got sick, did he?”
“Jimmy?” Confused as his mate pulled away from him Sam followed his Omega who went to their room. He saw him pick up the wedding planner they hadn’t touched in months, not with everything that happened, yank it open flipping the pages. “What are you doing?”
“Sam!” Jimmy smiled hugging. They kissed for a moment before he pulled back waving at the younger Omega. “This is Jack,”
Walking into the suite living room Lucifer saw his mate going through the CEO's company laptop. The other Alpha had a serious look on his face as he typed away, paused here and there before going back to typing.
“Uuugh…” Dean tried to force himself up when the door opened. “Shit”
“It’s from one of my favorite Christmas movies. It’s called ‘It’s A Wonderful Life,’ and there’s an Angel in there named Clarence. Kind of silly, huh?”
The only thing was he couldn’t figure out why. Normally Jimmy could just go back and search Castiel memories, but the angel begged him not too. Which was odd because if he wanted to, he could easily just keep him out.
Well, that was suspicious.
If Jimmy had three wishes he wanted to stab some of these angels. It was like they wanted to keep Castiel in the dark while expecting him to understand things.
“Hey, Dean,” Sam answered as he waited at the police station. He was trying to find something out, so he set up an appointment to meet with the detective who had worked on the case. “And sorry, but I don’t have a lot of time.”
“I’m sorry, what? Oh, yeah, I know some good auctions places here. Want to sell it? I can get you that information, just let me write down your number and what was your name? …. Aright,” Dena grabbed a pen and started to write it down on a notepad he kept nearby. “I’ll call you tomorrow with the action details, Balthazar. Yeah, no worries, man, talk to you soon.”
The Judge awarded him with 90% custody of one Jack Kline and 10% to Lucifer.
Not hearing a voice answer, Dean kept an ear out as he finished washing his hands. Grabbing one of the thick paper towels he dried them off looking around. He heard fast footsteps leaving. Rushing he saw someone walking off down the street.
“What?”
“Well, let’s hope in four months we get an idea,” Laughing dean sat up as his phone rang. He almost grabbed it when he realized his hands still had oil on them. “Babe?”
“What?” Looking over he frowned pulling Lucifer close to him. “Of course you are, why would you think you weren’t?”
“What?”
“What?”
“Maybe, why not tell me?” Turning over Balthazar pulled the blankets up closer to him wondering how he became the family therapist. “And why do you look so pissed off?”
“Oh, I’m sure they would call,” Jack said. “I just hope they’re alright.”
Nodding Dean pulled the Omega along to a part of the place where they had tables facing out so people could watch others dancing and eat until they were ready to go join them. Helping Cas to the table he offered to take his coat, watching the small, confused look he had on before pulling out a chair.Slowly the Omega sat down.
“Sure!” Looking over the video and the date Sam clicked it with the news clip about Castiel Novak’s disappearances and apparent murder. Frowning he listened over a dover again about what they found at the crime scene. Pulling up the reports, thank god he was going after his PHD and has access to this and reading over the reports. “Damn.”
“Hey, how’s it going?”
“Damn it!” The man turned to run out the kitchen door when a loud bang went off. He screamed loudly as he fell to the floor blood seeping from his jean’s leg. “Fuck!”
“This is a nice surprise,”
Being thirteen and having to watch the twins all the time, making dinner that wasn’t just pizza and chicken nuggets, getting them ready for school or for anything they had that week, doctors, homework, Chruch, walking them home, and even with the car his parents got him for his sixteenth birthday he used it to take the twins anywhere.
Shaking his head Sam looked to the back seat seeing Dean slowly coming out of it. Relief filling him that his brother didn’t get left behind he jumped suddenly feeling something prick his skin again.
Looking down at the little maker Castiel smiled.
A little over an hour into calling Castiel looked up seeing someone looking into the Shelter. They looked right at him and Castiel just froze. Something about them was sending a buzzing sensation to his ears, the back of his hair standing up.
“Dan, and” Sam handed him another paper. “It’s not the first name he’s used.”
Standing their Jack took a moment thinking it over. “Do you and Jimmy get along all the time?”
Reaching up he held his head cursing anything and all above. Rubbing his face, he licked his lips looking around the darkness. There was nothing he could see, but it was warm. Too warm. a buzzing started to hum up his whole body. He hated being in the dark. Slowly he stood up hearing something clicking until he was suddenly snapped to a halt.
“Balthazar!” A voice called in shock, soon someone was on his side hugging him. “You’re awake!”
“I wish I liked drinking,” Jimmy sighed looking at the cup and shook his head when Sam offered him some. “No, thank you,”
Staying behind Baltazar stared after him. “You really like him, Jimmy?”
“Michael…?” Lucifer asked confused when Micheal came over and pulled him away before punching his mate. “What the hell! Michael, stop!”
Growling again Darius turned away hands turning into balled-up fists.
Nodding slowly Castiel grabbed his things. Walking into the house he stood there just inside the door trembling from the cold. He felt horrible that he was leaving a wet puddle.
Person after person who came by, glanced into the window of the shelter left him feeling more and more trapped. Everyone felt like they were out to get him. Gulping he got up scooping up his cat before rushing to lock the door.
“Oh, wealthy parents?”
Looking over he saw the omega standing there, hands twisting into his apron looking nervous. It hit him that Castiel while being able to open up to Dean for a little while was still very nervous not knowing how most Alphas acted.
“I took an uber. Besides Michael’s not worth dying over.”
“What a nice, place, man,” Gabriel let himself in looking around while he put a box down on the counter. “I was so sure this guy would have had porn on or maybe even beer cans lying around.”
Shaking in his seat feeling overwhelmed Castiel slowly reached over to hold onto the corner of Dean’s jacket, something to keep him grounded. His fears lightened when Dean reached over to take his hand holding it tight while they drove away.
“Oh, hello, Dean,” Cas gave the smallest of smiles. “Nice day?”
“Yes, thank you,” Nodded Castiel felt some tension leaving his body. “Thank you, Dean.”
Looking around he cursed himself for forgetting to find the clock. That and the lack of sleep had messed with his mind. After getting stuff done, he had just laid in bed for an hour just staring at the ceiling fan wishing he could just go to sleep for a few hours, but then if he missed the alarm, Jason would be angry.
“Hey, cupcake,” She looked up and pointed her thumb back. “He’s in the back- Seriously again?”
Groaning they moved the cards around so they could continue playing. As they did Jack came over with some drinks. Adam sat up fast blushing a little taking one glass with a grin.
Hands up trying to protect his eyes from the sudden blinding light Lucifer could see someone there. Blinking he frowned seeing that bastard Eric as everything came rushing back.
They ended up watching a couple of episodes of a show that Castiel hadn’t seen in years. Dean enjoyed it, and they would have watched more if they didn’t have to go to bed for work and checking out the Animal Shelter in the morning.
“You want your fortune cookie?”
Trying not to smile too much Castiel looked down. “I better get back to cooking, see you in a little while.”
“Yep, address fits,” Dean popped the truck grabbed a few bags. “Let’s get inside, it’s freezing out here,”
Standing there trying not to roll his eyes Dean took them. “Thank you, Cass. Next time I’ll get you a book.”
“What about takeout food?”
Darius was up in a second punching back hard. The two were going at each other growling, throwing punches. Lucifer was trying to get between them to stop them. They pushed him out of the way before he growled. If those idiots weren’t going to listen to him he was going to get security.
Eating his food while thinking about it, the Omega looked back at the other's food, then at the door. From what he knew Lucifer wasn’t seeing anyone. Hell, his brother was very, and he meant active, and when telling them if he was seeing someone even if it meant for a week or a few months. The longest one he knew of was maybe, a strong maybe, a year.
“Yeah, oh yeah,” Nodding Dean tossed his thumb back. “I can go grab it, but uh, why are you taking your stuff to the backyard?”
“Lucifer-”
The room filled with growls, mewls, cries of pleasure. Eyes seeing stars feeling shockingly good. Castiel had no idea heats could be nothing but a pleasurable experiance and he cried out when a spot was hit inside him making him cling to Dean his legs squeezing around the Alpha’s waist.
“But Baltazar-!”
“Father…? I think.” The blue-eyed angel frowned still confused on that one.
“I’m here.” He spoke. “Now tell me, is everything going according to plan?”
“Wow.”
“Uh, Castiel. You have to mix these into a batter.” Walking closer he saw the confusion. “Like when we make weapons, things have to come together.”
“I was going to get the boxes out of the shad.”
“Yes, well, they didn’t.” Shaking his head, the Omega closed his eyes. “But I did what I had to. And I did a damn good job.”
“Fine. After we get the papers, we’ll kill the bitch and  head out to the country.”
Drying the last dish Castiel rubbed the back of his neck. The promise of being alone tomorrow was the only thing that kept him from throwing up his only meal. Going to the trash can he pulled it out heading outside to throw it away. Going out to the outside he looked around slowly.
“Why do you say that? I won't, I swear.”
“Oh shit.”
Had to get away from Jason.
“Hey, Sam,” Adam called looking at him oddly. “Are you going to make out with your phone because I really don’t need to see that,”
Bobby had said he’d go check out any old cars that we’re being auctioned off. If there was a good one that could be restored, then they agreed on how much one was worth and such. Bobby had a good eye, so Dean felt comfortable heading home.
“Hey, no, don’t be,” Hugging Jimmy closer Sam sat them up a bit more. “Are you alright? Want to talk about it?”
Looking at the apartments on the webpage Sam tapped his finger filling like he was missing something. The two apartments, one where the murder of one Elias Miller and the second one where the Assumed Castiel Novak was killed wasn’t making sense. From how fast they were able to move, not just jump ship, their entire apartments had been cleared out except for the mass amount of blood.
“Oh, hey, Jimmy, welcome home,”
Eating dinner Balthazar sighed gladly he could at least have some normal food. More so that he was allowed some take-out than hospital food. Since he was going to be stuck for a few days, Lucifer had stayed while the other four went home.
“Well, who can turn that down?” Grinning Dean ordered the items before closing his phone. “So, did you finish the movie?”
“That has nothing to do with it!”
It always was.
His brother was so trying to impress Jack.
“Doctor says you were just out of heat. From what Gabe told us sounded like it was messing with your head since it was so bad.”
It was maybe half an hour later when Castiel had recognized the street he was on. Yeats ago, when the family had a falling out with one of his brothers, Lucifer, the other had been kicked out and the last Castiel had heard of him was that he lived about an hour away and that was only because Balthazar had mentioned him and said that he wanted to talk to him.
Adam was glaring at his brother. The tall Alpha glared back as they both eyed each other slowly. Looking down Adam was trying to make a choice on whether or not he should make a move.
“And?”
Sad he got another job working at a gas station but hey, it was money. Just hearing the music playing the scent of paint filling the room he almost didn’t register the door opening until someone cough.
Frowning Dean came overlooking out the window. “She'sbeen here a lot?”
“Of course, besides, I can take a few days off for Lucifer.” Darius turned around to the other Alpha who was smiling and looking up like he was completing the world. “I got us a very nice hotel down the road, I’ll go check-in and be back,”
“Thanks,” Taking it Michael grumbled pressing it against his eye. “Any news?”
“No Alphas,” Balthazar got out,  eyes closing. "No, Alphas, please,”
Getting upstairs he paused looking back down thinking for a second to just go back, beg, let the horrible sick feeling of drowning leave, but instead, he moved forward numbly. Lucifer opened the door for him, and he stared inside.
“That’s great!”
“He’s doing his best, let him take his time.”
“Sammy?”
“Castiel is the best cook,” The one thing Jason sounded proud of. After all, the Omega was his and this was one of the few things the idiot could do right. “Come in, sit down, and make yourself at home,”
“Charlie called, me a few days ago, did some digging on my own,” Without an even bothering to continue with the fainting Omega he scooped a confused Balthazar up with ease, very unaware his brothers were all thinking that Benny had a death wish, and plopped him down next to the oldest Novak. “I think I found something, was on my way over when she called me to let me know what was going on.”
“We’ll all bring a dish, sweetie, don’t go to all the trouble cooking,”
“Jimmy.”
“You two have a good evening!” He called before going back to adding up the books chuckling. “Lovely couple,”
“Something wrong?” Frowning Dean could smell how Cas’s scent went from comforting to distressed. “What’s wrong? Do… you regret it?”
“Yep. Not driving Baby while drinking, or being a dumbass about it,” He grinned when the waiter came by to take their orders, Dean had ordered them a few drinks while they waited for their food. Picking up one of the beers he offered on to Cas who took it looking unsure. “What’s wrong?”
“Oh, wow, Dude, I’m sorry,” He was sorry for Cas. He wasn’t buying this man’s story, at least not fully. So, he tried nudging at him maybe attempting to gain his trust. “If you ever need it, I work here at the house most if you ever need me to check upon him. Used to have a brother.” And he silent told Adam he was sorry for what he said next. “Used to confuse reality and hallucinosis after he got into a car crash. The poor kid took his life… so if I can ever stop that from happening again, happy to help.”
A sleep that was interrupted by a phone going off. Darius woke up reached over while rubbing his mate’s hip, trying not to wake him. Swiping up he held the phone up to his ear.
“Yep, you just well, do you- crap that came out wrong. Uh, yeah, so I’ll be outside until the bring you your things,” Dean left a bit of red on his face and stood outside the door. Someone walked by and noticed his redness, a beta who gave him a thumbs up and winked as she walked by. Grinning he laughed dryly. “I wish pal, I wish.”
The door closed causing him to jump.
“Jimmy!” Balthazar snapped. “Calm down! Cassie has to go, we might not like it but it has to be this way!”
“They didn’t take it well. No, that isn’t the word,” Glaring at the wall Michael took a long moment thinking of the past. Gathering his emotions before turning to Balthazar. “They were beyond furious. Lucifer never ran away. He was sent too Mountain Side Reform school.”
“I don’t know.”
“Oh.” Looking at the maker Castiel sighed. “Why did it burn?”
If anything, he hoped the dinner wasn’t dramatic but then again it was Lucifer and Michael, so there wasn’t a lot of promise there. At least the restaurant they picked was a nice place.
“Sure,” Looking up he noticed the confused look on the teen's face. “Something wrong?”
Sammy went pale.
Reaching over Cas swiped up the phone and put it on speaker.
“Well, I can give you a ride,” Dean said before thinking he shouldn’t have said that. After all, he didn’t know the two well, and asking a mated Omega to just jump into his car even if it was for good intentions was overstepping. “I mean-”
“Jimmy-?!” With a sudden move, Dean was knocked down hard. “What the hell?!”
“You don’t have to tell me anything, just know I’m here for you.” Even if he really wanted to know. “You need water or anything to drink?”
Tensing Cas held back his breathing shaking. “Dean,”
“Darius?” Sitting up fast Lucifer was stunned. “What are you doing here?”
It had to be something their minds made up because now they had a child to think of. Rubbing his belly again, he had a spark of fear go up his spine. What if Dan had somehow found them? Tracked them down- but how? When and how the hell would he even know where to start?
Shaking his head Castiel felt a lurch in his stomach. “Sorry, I was walking and just ended up here.”
“Um, Ja…Dan’s out.”
Looking around at the new setting the only thing he was grateful for was the fact it was a house. Not an apartment. More space and hopefully when he was cooking in the mornings it would make less noise. Walking over to the stove he turned on the oven before grabbing the kettle.
Pausing Dean realized something, that if they planned on killing his mate then that meant they were most likely scoping out the house. Grabbing Castiel who jumped he realized he hadn’t said anything.
“…Great.” A part of him thought about leaving it, but fake Nick really worked hard on these. Going back outside he cursed not finding it. Maybe he should have brought his phone. “Come on where are you?”
Laughing Jason shook his head. “No, I plan on getting a place in New York. They have the best doctors up there,”
“Is he laughing?”
“Yep. Now get out of those clothes,” Waving him off with a face Lucifer went off to the kitchen. “I’ll get a mop.”
“What is that?” Dean frowned pointing. “Is it talking to you?”
“What do you want?” Castiel asked nervously pulling back. “What if you don’t like the baby if the baby’s born into a crest you don’t like?”
Gulping Dean looked at him with fear in his eyes before he looked away shaking his head hard. “Cas,”
Looking over from eating his pizza, Adam made a face as he chewed away on the slice wondering if his brother even knew that it had been over an hour and a half since he went bat shit crazy into research. Or that he had placed a couple of slices of pizza near him after it came.
Blinding by the light Castiel tried to see past them. “I dropped my brother’s painting out the window.”
“It was about my Dad,” Dena said suddenly. “Nothing to be sorry for. Bastard’s dead. It’s a good thing.”
Instincts going off he was moving before his mind could catch up grabbing the two Alpha’s by the hair and smacking their heads together. Yelling at them to stop fighting like apes.
“I’ll figure it out, just go.” Gently scooting Castiel off he turned back to the door locking it looking around the window. “Damn bastard.”
“Oh, sorry man, I mean, I know you two have been at odds for about a year now, but why would your brother not share this with you?” Eric took his phone back. “They don’t have marriage issues, right? I mean, what other reason would they have to block you?”
“Hey.” Smacking the other piece of chicken Jimmy had a scowl on his face before taking the plastic wrap up. “How’s the case going?”
Damn, maybe he should start dating again or at least find someone to have meaningless sex with. It had been a while. Leaning against the wall he started to think about Castiel.
“Yeah, but that’s over, why are you bringing it up?”
“Jimmy, it’s alright, it’s there now.” Kissing the top of his mate’s head they just sat there. “It’s going to be alright,”
“Thanks, Babe,” Dean smiled picking up one of the screwdrivers. “I’m starving. How about you?”
Darius had been called in to the Police Station with news about his husband. Driving there had been a blur. All he recalled was trying to keep himself busy for the last two days. Anything to keep from going insane while his mate was missing.
Going into all his apps, looking for anything on a new lover, Balthazar couldn’t find any sign on Lucifer’s accounts which was strange because the Alpha posted anything from getting a cup of coffee to after-sex glow, and yet there was nothing! Looking up when Lucifer came back in look red and embarrassed.
Meanwhile, Dean was more concerned about Castiel who refused to put his name down, even mention that he could keep it in the attic. Now his inner Alpha was getting pissed. Was Jason hitting Cas? Because he had a huge problem with that.
How did the Alpha Dan know when to leave each time before a raid? Looking over it Sam rubbed his face once again. It had to be sitting right in front of him, but he couldn’t figure it out. Flipping over the papers he paused looking at a photo. Grabbing a magnifying glass, Sam looked closer seeing something on the table.
“Thanks, Bobby,” Going back to his car Dean waved. “I’m going to go see Sam for a bit,”
Eric grabbed him by his elbow rushing out of the room. “Move it.”
Eyes wide Castiel looked over, the light lowered a bit, but he’d recognize those eyes and face anywhere. Mouth hanging open he had to recall that humans had lungs. And needed to breathe.
“What is, Eric?” There was a moment where the man talked. “No, hold on,”
“You just have trouble distinguishing reality from fantasy,”
Castiel wasn’t a child.
Taking a drink of scotch Lucifer had to pause taking a moment to listen because he was just damn sure that someone was calling him. Frowning he wondered who in hell, irony, was calling for him?
“Really?” Darius challenged playfully hands moving to tickle Lucifer’s sides while and nipping at his neck and ear. “Roommates do this. Hm? Or this?”
“What did Luci tell you?”
“Go pack your things, I’ll grab some stuff, but we need to get out of the house now, hurry and go, I’m going to lock up,” Dean hurried him to the stairs. He pushed the Confused Omega close to him. “Don’t worry, I’m going to protect you,”
“Yeah, you gonna need water and snacks,” Dean rubbed the back of his head sighing deeply. “Two omegas in heat and I still ain’t getting laid…”
“That’s odd,” Scooting the papers around until she found another one she picked up one from the first murder looking it over. “Eri is here too… what the…”
“Uh, yeah, hold on,” Sam slowly took out his knife cutting his arm letting it bleed. “There?”
They were going to move the couple it seemed, the Omega was still in danger, there was no telling where they wanted to send them however since they would end up sending them their new address with a new handler.
“I’m one of the partners at Eden Industries.” The Alpha grinned. “Darius Henderson, it’s good to meet you again  despite the circumstances,”
Grabbing another file Sam went over it again seeing the papers filed, the process of a missing person. Seeing someone with Jimmy’s face, same height, weight, he knew where the confusion and mixed reported sightings had come from. They thought Jimmy was Castiel.
A pin was heard as Lucifer pulled out the phone looking at it. “Wow. It’d be nice to see something other than a thumbs up and down once in a while.”
“At what?” Jimmy looked out the window. “What is it?”
“Ricky.” Came a more sharp response. “Why’s he still doing that?”
“Yeah,” Looking around Sam got some oven towels. Pulling out the vegetables he couldn’t help the growl. “Those look good.”
“You have no idea… wait,” Sam paused looking at him and then at Jack. “Dinner?”
“You ran a red light,” Taking over Michael’s chair Lucifer sighed. “There was a camera, those ones that take pictures and it catches you running a red light, someone in a van hit you on the passenger side. Lucky too, because who knows what would have happened if it had been the driver’s side.”
“Uh, we only have one car and Jason uses it for work.”
“Still doesn’t explain why you are here teaching Cass how to make damn pancakes?!”
“Outside! Someone’s outside!” He cried pointing.
The room they had rented from a nice old couple had a guest house in the back of their house, alright it was a converted shed, but it counted, it was nice. It was only four hundred three hundred and fifty a month as while as having a working shower, bathroom, and even a stove. A tiny two-burner stove and Jimmy still thought it was odd because he knew now, he couldn’t help Cass learn how to bake in that.
Tossing the last of the chains off his mate Darius scooped him upholding the blonde close feeling him hissing and wheezing in pain. Turning to walk out of the container he knew he had to get Lucifer to a hospital fast.
“Get out!” He snapped laying down. The cooling pack helped but he just wanted to be alone. Looking over he called out “And thank you!”
“Nah, no, someone wanted it fixed.” Walking to the engine he waved it started to explain why type and so on, luckily the other Alpha got into it laughing as they discussed cars. “Hey, look, I can help you out with it, but I need to let Castiel know I’m home. Be back in about ten minutes.”
“Damn right we will,” Smiling Dean looked at his Omega who was looking back up at him. “Do you think they make leather jackets for babies?”
After picking him up from the restaurant, sort of meeting one of his brother’s the two had headed back to his apartment. Jimmy had been so upset that he made out a few words. His boyfriend cried for a long while and when he was done sobbing the silent crying continued.
“Huh?” Looking back Castiel saw Dean reaching for his toolbox. Walking over he pushed it over with his foot. “Are you hungry?”
“Dean?”
“That’s an angel?” Dean pointed. “You trapped an Angel there?”
Jimmy paused watching what happened next.
“Ah.” Nodding Darius let out a deep sigh. “Some of the accounts are showing up inaccuracies, just trying to find the source,”
“I had no idea…”
“The baby is fine. Next week we’re going to find out what they are.”
“Did he get here alright?”
Reaching down he made a move.
“I think they needed some volunteers at the Animal shelter,” Taking out his phone, damn burner phone, he was still getting used to it. “Here it is! Look, you think you’d like to do this?”
Walking into the house Dean shook his jacket off wishing for a break in the insanely cold weather. Pulling off his gloves and coat he was about to call out into the house when he heard someone vomiting.
After a couple of hours of putting things away, Castiel made himself some lunch. Sitting down at the table he was about to take a bite when he remembered the tablet. Since Jason hadn’t come home, he felt safe. At least for a few days, but Jason always knew when he watched something or used the tv, but Dean and said the tablet was hooked up to the wi-fi next door.
Three days later Balthazar was feeling better. His heat had finally passed, and he was going to go see that damn doctor. The suppressants should have been working, even with the blockers making them easier he shouldn’t have had such a bad heat and worse nothing to help him with other than his fingers.
Meanwhile, Dean was reeling in shock. He knew something was going on, but he had no idea that it was way more than just domestic violence, which he was still pissed off at, but something wasn’t adding up.
Jimmy snapped.
“I thought three people owned that,” Grumbling Balthazar. “And so, what? It’s not like we didn’t know he dated Alphas before, why are you so mad?”
Getting the interior into the car Dean stepped back to admire his work. Finally getting somewhere with this poor thing, he figures he might be able to get done within six days rather than seven.
“Please tell me your not leaving me,” Jimmy grabbed his arm. "Stay, please,"
“Huh.” Dean rubbed his chin. “Okay, something’s up,”
“A seat, he needs a seat!” Jimmy got to the seating placements the little names written there and looked around. “Pen, I need a pen,”
“I remember, Uh, Michael went for engineering, Lucifer did- I forgot,”
“Alright, I’ll tell you,”
“Anytime,” Sitting next to his brother he patted the Beta’s back. “You okay?”
Michael had to get back to his family, his work, and then he planned on maybe coming back. Jimmy had exams so he forced him to go and to take Jack home. Besides, he thought it was silly to have the young Omega there and plus school was important.
His name being shouted wasn’t enough for him to open his eyes they burned so bad. Whimpering when hands were on him, his heart trying to escape his chest when a scent washed over making him freeze.
“Ah, found it,” Yawning again the Beta turned it to Sam. “Can I go to sleep now?”
“It’s Chris, remember?” Turning around. “Did you go to therapy today?”
The race against time made his stomach twist horrible. Getting the food on the plate he turned around nearly dropping the food seeing Jason there. He didn’t seem to notice as he sat down still drying his hair. Gulping Castiel walked over setting the food down in front of him and turned back to get the Alpha’s coffee.
“That’s too strong of a line.”
“Yes, John?”
Sam flipped his card over. “ACE! Ha!”
“Where would he go?” Sam asked.
“You want something, anything? Gum, soda, hell, tequila?” Lucifer asked.
Leaning close against Dean his heart still beating fast he relaxed into his mate happy to have something, more so someone, who could ground him from losing the rest of his sanity.
“What?!” Sam took in a deep breath looking around. “Are You sure?”
“Two doses of morphine,” Michael frowned at him before it melted into a smile. “How do you feel?”
They both stared at the doctor in shock.
“I will cut you with this plastic knife,” Grabbing the plastic knife he swung up it a little bit waving it at him. “Get closer so I can stab you.”
Face red Castiel tried to hide his face with his arm. Gasping as the thumb pressed down gently, his hips quivered in need. Looking up with begging eyes
Maybe in rebellion, he asked for the money to go to college. Not that he’d see any of his friends there. All of whom had gone, graduated starting their own lives with either working jobs or getting married and settling down. They hadn’t wanted to give him that free ride, but he felt he earned it demanding it until they gave in.
“Hello?” he saw someone round the corner. "...Who are you?"
Moving back Jack rubbed his eyes. They had started to sting again even after all that crying he had done in the last few days. Jimmy and him and headed to the cafeteria to get something to eat only to come back to find that Michael was talking to the doctor about his uncle waking up.
“Kind of had too. Two against one? Didn’t like those odds,” The other Sam said. “Now let’s just get you settled in, I have some questions and five hours of nothing but the road ahead of us.”
Where was he?
“Sir, we found this,” The man handed over a tablet, the rest of the Novak’s coming over to see what was going on. On the video, it showed Lucifer trying to get Darius and Michael to stop fighting, and then when he left to get security Eric stabbing him with a needle before just casually grabbing him by the elbow and taking off. “The drug he used can be made to make someone very pliable. Once it takes full effect, it will knock out the victim,”
Leaning against the door frame with his cheek pressing on it, something to anchor him, something to help with small self-comforting Castiel watched Dean for a long moment. He could smell the lingering fear there
They went back to pick up the belongings that Cas had when Jimmy tugged at Cass’s mind and he wobbled.
Now Dean was fixing up a new car, watching as Castiel swept the porch while looking around. Ever since Jason had taken off Dean hadn't heard anything from the Alpha.
Getting up Sam helped Jimmy up as they walked outside, letting the host know they would be right back. Once outside he looked at his Omega smelling how nervous he suddenly was.
“You get into a fight with it?”
“Shouldn’t he be cured by now”
“You Jerk,” Jimmy gasped.
“Ah, you know, we’ll be home someday. Soon,” Nodding Dean rubbed his mate's back. He missed his own family. Bobby and Sam, he wondered what they were up to. “Must be hard… having to say goodbye in hours of seeing them again,”
“Who the hell moves in the middle of the night?”  Looking back at his bed he was planning on going back to bed, but he was curious about the new neighbor. Titling his head back and forth the alpha nodded to himself. “Might as well go say hello.”
“Whoa, whoa, easy, easy, I’m not here to do anything but bring him back home, that’s all.” Gulping down Dean took a breath. “I need to tell him something.”
Taking the food Jimmy looked at the identical plate in the picture. The plates had blue flower design on them, while they’re had white plates. If he didn’t know better, he would have sworn it was the same stakes.
“Forget the movie, who marked you as theirs?” Now he needed to know. Already wanting all the details, the gossip, okay maybe not the details, that was his brother who the hell had him looking so nervous. “Do I know him?”
Rolling his eyes Sam clacked the gun. “Now.”
“Check the group chat, buddy,” Lucifer laughed shaking his head. “We already talk about it,”
“Ouch,” Smirking Gabriel headed inside. “Let’s hope they got something strong.”
“Yeah, you have a good night,” Laughing Dean hung up, smiling. He frowned though thinking back to the Omega. When the hell had Sam started seeing- Oh crap what was his name? His brother just said it. “…Timmy. Yeah, that sounds right.”
“What?”
“Tell him hi for me!”
“Yes?” Castiel walked out into the cool air, still warm from the heaviness of the jacket, he pulled it close, it was one size too big, but it was warm, and it smelled like Dean. “What is it?”
“You know,” Tilting his head back and forth Eric pulled out his phone going through it holding it up. “They post all about their lives, see?”
It was too damn hot.
"Uh, can it wait a few hours? Like he said they just got him back," Plus Dean wasn't ready to die via In-laws yet. "I can tell you were the guy worked. And there was another Alpha there, I think she was called Linda."
“Well, what do you feel like having?” Dean asked nodding. “I’d like to try something you love eating,”
The two lovers stilled for a moment overwhelmed by the pleasure, of being connected on more levels than the physical. Feeling Dean inside him, so hard and throbbing or maybe it was his walls, Castiel wasn’t sure. The only thing that he knew for certain was that he needed that here in this moment was the love he felt from Dean, his own heart beating so fast and hard against his chest. Was it in his place to be allowed to love someone else after all he had done? This felt right, even with pushing down his feeling for the so-called crush, he wondered if this was what being in love truly was.
“What the hell?” Reaching up this neck he felt a chain leading up to a collar around his neck. “What the actual hell?!”
Castiel rang up the woman before saying. “Have a good day Ma’am,”
“Dean?”
“Castiel, Syrup.”
Get out of the apartment for a while, most importantly his mind.
“Yeah, let’s go.”
“Benny?” Sam frowned walking over. “W-What are you doing here?”
Hearing Jack’s question, he looked overseeing Jimmy throwing on his jacket, scrambling for his car keys. Realizing what his mate was about to do Sam grabbed his jacket too.
“I can’t imagine. Wish they could say there was hope,”
Chuckling Sam sat down. Taking out his phone he took a picture of the food and sent it to Dean. As they ate dinner together talking about their day, a few things that they had planned for tomorrow, the only thing that had Sam pause was a text he received back from his brother.
“You were in a car accident,” Michael got up shaking Lucifer awake, and headed out the door. “I’ll get the doctor,”
"Amanda is her real name. She's good at making bodies stay gone." The detective took out his card. "I need to go back to the crime scene but call me when you two are ready."
“Why don’t we watch it together?”
It was, for some reason, even better with buttercream frosting on hit. Spreading some more onto the bread Castiel ate another piece. Hand on his growing baby bump he hummed looking up at Dean who was fixing something at the table. He was fixing something car part.
“Wait-”
“It’s going to be alright, don’t worry,” Reaching over they held hands. “I got you, Beautiful. I got you,”
“We wanted to welcome you to the neighborhood,” The man held out his hand and looked behind the Omega. “Good evening, we’re the Jackson family here to welcome you,”
“Of course,” Nodding Michael looked at the computer in front of him before backing up. “Darius. I’m sorry. I know we don't get along, now I know why, but it won’t erase everything, and I just want you to know that I’m glad that Lucifer and you are together.”
“Thank you,” Walking over to stand next to Jason, he held his hands out to take the bag and coat. “I’ll be right back after I put this away,”
“Alright,”
Nodding Castiel headed as they made their way to the car. Carefully putting Bee into the backseat of the car the Omega was about to get in when someone grabbed him from behind.
“Find them?”
“Tired,” It came out like a whispering mumble. “Just… tired,”
“Uh, Dean. Dean Winchester,” Shaking the hand, Dean felt like something was off with this guy. Moving back, he eyed him for a second trying to figure out something. Jason felt wrong somehow. “Well, see you guys sometime later. No doubt the rest of the neighbors will be being by all kinds of baked goods and sweets. Oh, the Johnsons, they make the best pies.”
“Better than what he calls me,” Lucifer turned around. “Like why the devil?”
“I know, I’m sorry, Jimmy,”
Looking around at the boxes Castiel felt a new worry bubbling up. How was he going to get all of this put-away and go grocerie shopping? He had no idea how long it would take to walk there or how long it would take to get home if he didn’t have enough for a ride.
The next day started out normally. Even with rudely awakening from his sleep last night Jimmy was feeling good. It was the first time he had stayed over at his boyfriend’s place and felt like a step up in their relationship.
“Wow, I only have two,” Moving to his laptop he opened it. “Alright, what do you want to eat?”
“Well-”
Banging on the door Jimmy started screaming. “Cas! Cassie! It’s me!”
“Welcome,” Taking a gulp Lucifer moved shifting and straddling Darius's lap smirking at him. “We can have a little fun before you go back downstairs,”
Dean had felt scared in the moment when Bobby had turned around. In his mind, his fear of his biological father, John, was that he was going to get a beating. Yelled at or slapped who knew with a pissed off, John.
“I'm going to tell you this one time, Bitch.” Dan warned. “Piss me off and that baby your carrying is going to die a very painful death and so will you.”
She offered to bring the files home but something about them bothered her. Sam did a great job, of course with her help, but something was still off about the case. Flipping the pages she stopped at the man, Jonathan/Dan/Jason the asshole and frowned.
“We can go shopping tomorrow, let’s put our stuff away and then go get something in town. Besides, we should get to know the area,” Looking around Dean nodded his head. “I guess it will do. Let’s see,”
“Mashed potatoes with garlic powder, chives, and sour cream.” Smiling Jimmy got two plates pacing the food on them. “Can you get the roasted veggies out of the oven please?”
Nothing was going to stop his mate so Sam took out his phone calling Dean’s phone only to hear it ring in the kitchen. Frowning he looked towards the table walking over to see Dean’s phone there. Great, his brother forgot his phone, the one time he really needed him to answer.
Picking up the phone the corrupted Detective made the call to the boss.
“I know.” Lucifer turned away. “So, was I. Well, let’s get you to bed, we can talk over things in the morning.”
“Hey, no problem, you were moving all those boxes, you gotta be tired,” Grinning Dean put it in the Omega’s cart. “So, I talked to the Anderson’s and there’s a party next weekend. Block party, be a perfect time to get to know the neighbors and have some Anderson pie.”
“Thanks, man,” The Alpha closed the door. “Come on in and have a drink.”
“No, it’s perfectly alright. Lucifer told me; I came over once I was done ina meeting.”
Laying their hands chained together unable to pull them away from where they were to the attached chain around his waist and there was the damn annoying one that just squeezed around his neck.
Dean paused only for a second when Castiel had gone suddenly still and pulled back to look into those bright eyes and the hunger spiked when Castiel threw back his head letting out a shuttering gasp. The pure submission could not have been hotter. Taking the opportunity Dean pressed down against him feeling their naked bodies together, flushed full.
A recording was picking up the conversation in the detective’s office. The plan on what was going on. In another part of the precinct, a detective just two doors away was listening into the conversation.
Eyes slowly opening Balthazar's vision was blurry, to say the least. Eyes slowly blinking trying to clear the fog of what was going on. It felt cool, the smell of saline hung in the air while a beeping sound was off to the side.
Gulping Castiel turned around as Dean looked him over. He looked around slowly sniffing the air as silently as possible with a realization on why there was no scent around. Hell, even Cas’s was so light and full of nervousness. Now he watches ed the Omega took out some more cleaning supplies.
The voices, the panicked discussion, and everything after that were blurred together. Balthazar stood there hearing the loud humming noise of the sounds. His head hurt like it was going to explode when someone put their hand on his back.
On his chest, a vial of swirling smoke swirled and twisted. Looking down at it he pulled it up looking at it over as the soul inside let out small echoes. Not surprised that they were growing restless Sam rubbed it for a second comforting them. Laying it back again his chest Sam let out a sigh.
COULD HE?!
“No, not it’s not,” Shaking his head Jimmy tensed when he was pulled into a hug, his brother rubbing his back. “I forgot the date. God, I’m so horrible.”
“Dean, what do you want for dinner?”
Sniffling Jimmy's stomach twisted. “I know, I just miss him so much. Sometimes I swear I feel like he’s still alive. But yeah, that’s why I get a lot of calls from my brothers. They worry a lot, they’re not just being annoying,”
Once he got there to the station the FBI agents, he couldn’t recall their names, stood there waiting. They shook his hands but the look on one of there’s faces send an unknown fear down his back.
"Bitch." Dean gasped watching his brother leave, dragging the Cas look alike with him.
“I’m fine, go back to sleep,” Dean got up heading to the bathroom,  slipping off the bed, he felt Cas following him, as he got to the bathroom. Getting there he left Cas to linger just inside the door knowing that the Omega would take his time trying to figure out If he should come in or not. “I’m okay, Cas, it was just a nightmare,”
“Hey, thank you. Now, I won’t be starving on the way,” He looked through the chips and food. He notices there were even ice packs inside to keep it fresh making him grin. “I’m gonna get spoiled,”
“Thank you, uh,” He noticed the Alpha was sniffing the air near him, frowning. Did he smell his nervousness? That just made his anxiety worse. There was a small panic in those blue eyes. “Dean?”
