Dean couldn’t help but smile. “Was that sarcasm?”
“Are you okay?!” Sam’s eyebrows were scrunched up so far a delta had formed in the lines on his forehead. He patted Dean’s arms, checked the marks on his chest and neck, and was just turning Dean’s head to the side to study the minor goose egg on his temple that he’d received the night before when Dean slapped his hands away.
* * *
Castiel got to his feet, brushing the dirt off his pants. His form cast a long shadow into the cave, darkening Dean as he, too, stood.
“I could have been dead.”
“I did not.”
in my dreams,” Dean scoffed. “God knows why. And everyone I know is there too, and they’re all teenagers, and they all have different jobs. Rowena is a costume designer. Sammy’s in the ensemble. Eileen is on light crew, I think, or just doing something up in the catwalks. You and Kevin and Donna make appearances. I’m the leading man.”
but at least wasn’t
“You were sniffing Baby again,” Sam smiled.
“Yeah,” Sam agreed.
Why did Dean have to be the one conscious for this part? What he wouldn’t give to swap places with Ketch; slip a quick nap in while Whiny McRedshirt got to suffer through diplomacy for a change. Then he at least could rely on someone else to deal with the whole We-Accidentally-Destroyed-Kronos’-Political-Stability thing. Like, yes, Azazel’s execution was Federation-sanctioned, so all Starfleet officers could be held guilty for it, but Sam and Dean were the only ones whose father did the actual killing.
“Castiel,” Ellen said. “Any luck on locating the Seal? What can you… hear? See?”
Dean squinted into the storage compartment. The only thing inside was a 20-inch tall ceramic box covered in scribbly engravings.
The Face puts their tongue on his cheek. Drags their hot breath, mouth, teeth through his hair and over his skin. He just holds on holds on holds on. His stomach — which, he remembers now, was dangling outside his abdomen last time his eyes were open — jostles about inside him with the rotation of the room. He’d be sick but they won’t let him get sick. And while he’s spinning, dizzy, dizzy, dizzy, the knives complete their square, and — and a thick sheet of skin is peeled off — he’s screaming—
“Looks like an underground storage unit,” Sam said. “It’s not very big inside; the Seal is probably all that’s in there.”
Castiel reached across the Seal and took Dean by the arm. As he did so, the howling reached another loud burst. Dean screwed his eyes shut.
” Dean scoffed, but even Castiel could detect the doubt in his tone. “I started picking up some strange signals and —
But that was an untruth as well. He was not “annoying”; not like Castiel initially thought. He was simply… complex. It was naive to label complexities annoying.
“As I recall, you begged us to come along,
them, just checking none had leaked out. The only awkward side effect was that, no matter how hard Dean resisted eye contact, he couldn’t
“You look cold, Mister Winchester.”
“In your mind, I didn’t study memories I wasn’t ordered to,” Cas said in a troubled tone. “Reading your mind was… itchy. I didn’t like it.”
“Bitch,” Dean breathed, feeling his insides frost over with dread. They were so screwed.
“He’s in too much pain,” Singer said, plainly for Castiel’s benefit. “Those psycho drugs are makin’ our stuff null. Only so much we can do right now besides stabilize. His organs were shutting down, and I think we’ve fixed that, but—”
Well, better to take offense later than sooner, because at least now the backup was awake. Dean set his jaw and looked to Ruby, preparing his “Defend Dad’s Honor” speech in his mind.
Sam Winchester slowly turned his head to Castiel, making direct eye contact with him for the first time. “I just… I have this feeling. Sir.”
Ellen had told him.
“Since when do
“Azazel wasn’t exactly the most admirable leader to begin with,” Crowley said, as if he were merely discussing coworker drama. “Our race is extreme by nature, but he was
“I had another nightmare,” Sam said, and told Dean about visions of a massive explosion, of the
“My fellow soldier likes to waste time,” Uriel announced, more a factual statement than an apology.
Dean glanced at Sam, who mouthed a subtle
The Starfleet officers had been protected by law on the streets of the city, but in the prison mines, their only protection was themselves. And, as human slaves were currently in high demand in the Rack — a mysterious organization of kidnappers who tortured their victims in the name of science — the slightest skirmish could compromise the entire party’s safety.
Bradbury grabbed Castiel by the arm just as he was stepping inside the room. He stared at her, but she did not acknowledge her breach of authority.
Jackson, and my life sucks in particular! Life SUCKS! And my life sucks in particular..."
“Stay close to me,” Dean muttered as the thick iron gates of Perdition closed behind the landing party. Sam didn’t need to be told twice. The city may have been sketchy, but the prison mines on the outskirts were swarming with evil.
The idea of Castiel and John Winchester locking eyes — even if one was just a painting, and dead anyway — was embarrassing. “Yeah.”
But he did tell Cas about how his dad
“You cannot use the Seals,” Castiel said, voice gravelly. “You don’t know how.”
“I’m no good at this,” Sam said. “And Dean knows, and he’s mad, but he doesn’t want to take it out on me. I think that’s why he’s so mean to Castiel instead, because he doesn’t feel anything. So maybe that’s a good thing. But I still feel so bad.”
“Dude, that was
“Stardate 9430,” Castiel said. “To be precise.”
According to Doctor Singer’s analysis, Dean would be fine, but his new and improved intestines would require an especially gentle diet for a while.
“Rufus,” Sam gasped. He shoved Rufus off of him. “We have to—
“Here,” Dean said, offering Castiel a hand. He grabbed it. Both of them were in so much pain, they nearly took each other back down. With Sam’s assistance, they remained standing, albeit wobbly.
The next thing Dean knows, he’s transported two months into the future, and a new guy is staring at him like a slab of meat, and Sammy is safe, and there is no Rufus Turner to hug.
Zachariah nodded. “The Rosencians. A beastly society, yet gorgeous in its simplicity.”
“Ketch,” the engineer called as they drew near. A security officer turned around. He boasted a gash in his forehead, and several over his torso. He was drenched not only in crimson human blood but the bright fuchsia of a Klingon’s.
“You’re telling me.”
“Ash has it,” Ellen had answered flatly. The glance she threw Dean explained everything. Her brown eyes were slightly twisted; she wasn’t quite ready to bring Dean on an unpredictable mission, either. But Dean was sure his face was red with fury and humiliation. He was itching to breathe in some foreign planet’s oxygen again, and it wasn’t like he was trying to hide it. Dean would be throwing himself back into harm's way eventually, and Ellen would rather him be doing it on her terms.
Dean was gonna have to tease him later about how Neanderthalian he looked when those giant shoulders and long locks were illuminated by cavern torchlight, but for now, Dean just wanted a hug.
“Dean?” said Castiel and Sam at once.
Castiel felt Singer stiffen behind him. “Why, I—”
“Coulda gone worse,” Ash mumbled as Jo’s blue dress stormed out in a huff.
Castiel’s wide eyes were even creepier in the dark foliage, like the fucking Cheshire cat or something.
“It’s an exaggeration,” Dean yelled. Or rather, sighed. He could only afford enough energy to half-ass his complaining.
“Um.” Dean ran through a mental list of all his life’s mistakes and recognized nothing of immediate significance. “You’ll have to be more specific.”
“Oh my god,” Sam sighed, sitting up and grabbing his leg. “Thank you.”
“There’s nothing supernatural about this virus, Dean,” Castiel observed.
he got back.
Sam stood up, his eyes welling with tears again. Dean gently grabbed his arm.
to deliver the message in person, and of course I thought we should stop by to say hello to baby brother.”
This is intended to be a Dean-and-Cas-centric fic, but I actually really enjoyed getting the opportunity to write more about Sam in this chapter. Therefore this pattern might continue.
torturing
“Ketch is a spoiled brat,” Dean dismissed. “So don’t give him the honor of being responsible for my—”
“I mean, don’t, uh… don’t you want Dean taking the helm?” Sam had stuttered stupidly. “He’s third officer, and all—”
I will slip in an additional disclaimer that this is a WIP relying on some improvisation. I have a plot and an ending, but details are developing as I write it because, you know, it's just for fun. I AM trying to be consistent and deliberate, though. If something comes up that requires changing a past detail, I will clarify that in the notes. (And if there is a glaring plot hole, feel free to let me know.) Thank you for sticking with me!
“Commander Castiel of Elysium, Fourth Regiment, Warrior of Thursday,” Chuck responded.
Castiel struggled to get his tongue working against the ashy weight in his mouth. The tear tracks over Dean’s cheekbones almost fragmented the light, something pinging inside Castiel’s head and the whites in his vision flashing a bit too brightly.
“I told you this place was populated, Arthur,” Ellen said to Ketch. “We’re just in the middle of nowhere. There are small storage units scattered throughout this jungle. It’s their way.”
,” Uriel repeated. “We also claimed these missions will be of little inconvenience to you. Our claims are absolute. Seraphim do not lie.”
This simultaneous disorientation and focus was reassuring; it meant all procedures had gone correctly, that Castiel was a successful and righteous Seraph. Memories of private trials were always erased from the Seraphim who underwent them, for no single soldier was allowed to know the extent of their own power. Ezekiel, Uriel, Ishim, Hester, Benjamin — they had all proven themselves in the extended tests, and consequently forgotten the experience. When his turn arrived, Castiel had done the same.
Sam choked on the molten grief in his throat; his lips, tongue, completely numb, his eyes blind, his chest empty. He crumpled, letting the captain embrace him, barely feeling her hands across his back.
Castiel nodded, the ringing in his ears still tinny and distant, but distinct. “The Seal is nearby. Perhaps not in this very building, but with the evidence here,” he looked back to the tricorder, “you could easily find it even without my senses.”
“And you as well, Sir,” Castiel replied, the captain already rushing out of Sick Bay.
“Hardly, Mister Ketch,” Castiel said. “The Seals are a great source of power, both in the scientific sense and the spiritual. Consequences would be dire if they were to fall into the wrong hands.”
Dean and Sam nodded — besides the name-dropping, all of this information was review.
“Good thing this chair was here, you woulda cracked your head open.”
Therefore, the list wasn’t gone, and it wasn’t being ignored. It had just been renamed. Rather than the Perplexities of Mankind, it had become the Perplexities of Dean Winchester. Furthermore, upon reflection over his time at the Academy and on the
Next chapter:
Sam checked his tricorder.
Dean let silence take over for a moment, allowing himself to relax on the bed, while Cas allowed himself to relax in the chair. It was strange, Dean thought. Cas was the first person he’d let in his room since Sammy or a Random Alien of the Week, and he hadn’t even stopped to think about it. Cas knocked once and Dean let him in.
. Lieutenant Novak and Ensign Harvelle displayed the same attitude and Ensign Tran could be even more insufferable, yet Dean…
Dean, meanwhile, was loitering by his boulder, struggling to read his tricorder in the shadows. He twisted a knob, honing in on a strange energy he had just picked up on. Although it was weak, as if the signal was under interference, Dean could tell the unique signature and high gracion levels meant it was a sign of the Seal.
“Lieutenant Winchester?” Castiel asked.
“Sam Winchester,” Ruby lauded. “You led the storm into the facilities. That makes you
The rough clang of the storage hatch busting open jarred Dean from his scowl. Ash tossed away the freed metal sheet, which warbled sadly as it flopped to the ground.
* * *
Castiel removed his fingers and returned to Sick Bay. The humans were staring at him with eyes blown wide.
“Ah,” Dean squeaked. “Ow.”
Castiel blinked resolutely before lifting his hand — no sudden movements, as if he was concerned Dean might bite if threatened. He splayed his fingers across Dean’s face from his temple to his chin, the pad of his thumb against the bridge of his nose. It reminded Dean of a game he used to play with Sam when they were little, where Dean would scrunch a hand through Sam’s mop top and chant
In his mind’s eye, Dean still envisioned Rufus Turner attending that corner, peering into the computer screen and muttering angrily as he reorganized his etymology files for the umpteenth time. The man would be so animated with his default surliness, snapping at everybody and everything like a cranky cat, he’d appear as a vibrating blue blur — pressing buttons and flipping switches and scanning graphs and insulting his junior officers profusely. It was a shock to find Castiel there instead, looking more like an experiment in taxidermy than a living being, standing void of any expression but “creepy”.
“Ensign Tran has no major injuries,” Castiel repeated.
“Zachariah,” Uriel warned, his face and tone completely deadpan.
“If it’s so illogical, shouldn’t it vex you, too?” Dean pried, grinning.
It was simply that:
Omitting their surnames would theoretically avoid having them tied to that whole Azazel thing — there was no telling how any individual Klingon would react to finding out that the Winchester who Did That was their father — and introducing Castiel with something more human-sounding would, Dean hoped, hide his status as a Seraph. Because whatever Meg was saying about being broken and claiming Genesis sounded game-changing, and it would be nice to just handle one thing at a time without making that worse.
a trigger you
The pain began in the center of Castiel’s skull, behind his nose and below his eyes. It was a hot prodding at the farthest, highest corner of his throat that sent red waves pulsing through his vision.
Next chapter summary:
look more green than gold, especially in this weak torch lighting, with all that blood and gunk dampening the Starfleet-sanctioned luminescence. Dean tried — he’d really tried — to keep his tunic in one piece this time, but he mused that it would at least give him another opening to beg Ellen to return his red uniform once he got back to the ship.
“Lieutenant Commander Winchester was impaled,” he reported, his voice still a bit faint, but it seemed most of them had seen that part, anyway. Fear was an easy emotion to identify in humans, and Castiel was registering it in the eyes of most of the crew. Captain Harvelle was especially agitated, murmuring a
Dean was unreadable. “He does his job.”
Dean held Sam by the shoulder, giving him a look-over. “You good?”
“You have lost three times in a row,” Castiel observed.
“Yeah.” Sam gritted his teeth and winced. “And I don’t think my brother’s gonna like it.”
He snatched the amulet from Sam and put it over his head, sensing an opportunity to steer the conversation back to the real problem here. “Guess it’s another mystery. You know, that whole memory wipe thing, Castiel wasn’t exactly picky. God knows what he erased from my head. Or yours, for that matter.”
Dean was lucky to have been impaled where he had been; any higher or to the side and he would have had vertebrae that needed fixing — which Castiel
“I want you to have it,” Sam said. “It’s a protection amulet.” (That was made-up, but Sam said it with enough conviction that Dean seemed to believe him.) “It’ll protect you when we’re apart at the Academy.”
been thinking the same thing earlier.
In the midst of the group’s outburst of hysterics, Jo suddenly straightened and waved brightly to somebody across the room.
Sam winced, suddenly feeling all the eyes of his lunch table watching him. “He’s not very happy with me right now. I’ll probably just make it worse.”
His body seized with inexplicable fear and he fell to the side, the tricorder flying from his hands and landing on a very particularly bad spot on the ground, one that Dean had clearly marked on his map of traps as a trigger. In that moment, lucidity came rushing back, just as something whooshed through the air and Dean felt a sharp punch in the stomach.
“What’s happened?”
wasn’t the life his brother wanted and, just as he got his official mission-worthy navigator’s license, he dropped out. For Jessica. And how that was the first time Dean had ever seen Sammy truly happy. And how Jess and Sammy had a year together until she died in a training exercise that she shouldn’t even have been recruited for and Sam came back to Starfleet because he had nowhere else to go.
“Yes. Don’t you have something better to do than watch me eat?” Dean retorted. Castiel cocked his head and Dean sighed. “Don’t answer that.”
"Could we just talk to them?" Charlie asked. "Maybe
orders.” Bobby frowned and gave Dean a light smack upside the back of the head, cutting off another one of his obnoxious groans mid-exhale. “Quit your bellyaching, boy, I’m tryna take care of you!”
“Adverse reaction to sedative?” Nurse Mills checked, glancing at the K3 monitor above the biobed.
“Yes. To assist
“You got the Clifford reference,” Dean remarked, as if that was more important than the fact that Ellen, Ash, Ketch, and Jody were currently lying limp on a Hellhound’s back.
“What?”
Dean scowled at Bobby. Then he scowled at Kevin, who was leaving sick bay with a fresh gold tunic and an altogether impish smirk plastered across his freshly unmarred complexion. Then he scowled at Jody, who was observing his behavior disapprovingly from the corner of the room while writing something down in her logbook. And then he scowled Castiel, who was just standing there looking dead inside.
while the younger Winchester shrieked with laughter. Technically, Castiel wasn’t draining anything, but the comparison was still funny to Dean, especially when he felt that little touch come back from within his head, hardly noticeable, like the weird, incoherent thoughts that flow unbidden immediately before and after falling asleep.
’s agenda was so swamped with side quests, Chuck wouldn’t be any closer to Shurlion for nearly a week.
Up to and including the moment the landing party heard Dean’s scream, Castiel was in the process of compiling a list of the confounding perplexities of humankind.
Dean’s anguished scream echoing over the grassy hills both worsened Castiel’s headache and contributed several more frustrating bullets to his ever-lengthening list. As he followed Dean’s brother down the hill, Castiel pondered, for neither the first nor last time, why any recovering ex-torturee would be so desperate to get back into action if they were going to be this reckless about it.
Castiel raised an eyebrow. “I never will if that’s all you tell me.”
. Dean had been too young to have any idea what Dad was saying back then, and after Dad’s wayward Azazel-hunting spree, when Starfleet reabsorbed the Winchesters into their masses, Dad had stopped saying it. Because he had missions to focus on. And the horror stories about the Seraphim that Dad told Dean were far outweighed by the horror stories about the Klingons. But distrusting the Klingons went without saying.
Chuck forced down a swallow. “I wouldn’t know.”
This upload officially marks the halfway point of my halfway complete plot outline. Which makes us 25-35% of the way through the actual story... ish? I don't know, I don't do math. If I lived in the Star Trek universe I would be a thespian on a space station. And don't worry, even if some very distant plot is still being workshopped, I do have a solid ending that will eventually happen. I'm not THAT crazy!
“Yeah, and I’ll bet it’s different to see it when reading my mind, too.”
The Seraph, still pale after healing Dean, nodded — but he had other concerns. “Are you hurt?”
— smarts from the poor.
Sam saw Dean’s mouth open before he heard the noise — Dean and the other security officers around him were brightly lit by the blossoming pit of fire beside them that had just burst through the ground. Yet the fire wasn’t why Dean was screaming.
Dean held his breath, but Crowley’s smile persisted.
gold.
was, too. And when Castiel described in agonizingly intimate detail just how flexible he was because “she asked and Seraphim do not lie.” And when Dean realized Ketch saw the whole thing and had the audacity to look jealous.
“As are Dean’s psychological problems,” Harvelle countered.
. It was not so difficult anymore.
Castiel’s face didn’t fall, per se, but he certainly made a
Next chapter:
Sam chuckled, somehow still in a good mood. Suddenly something caught his attention, and he leaned down to pick something up off Dean’s floor.
“Ah.” Castiel straightened. “I believe Lieutenant Commander Ketch is outside.”
But even though Dean didn’t need to elaborate, he started talking anyway. Not about his mom’s death, how in the middle of her extended maternity leave, she was murdered by Azazel just because her research found something he didn’t like. He didn’t talk about how Anael could have saved his mom but instead chose to save her research. Cas connected those dots himself and Dean didn’t need to tell him that.
“Everyone good?” Dean heard Ellen’s voice call through the thicket.
,” Dean said before he could stop himself. “Take it easy, you just put me and Sam back together.”
. He decided to classify the crying as a panic response and added it to his list under the same division as Ensign Tran’s many phobias.
He belonged on the head of the security team with Ketch, pulling out the heavy phasers, walking in the front of the landing party, sacrificing himself for the team if it ever came down to it. Carrying his parents’ legacy. Risking death. Defying legend. Dean Winchester, the redshirt who wouldn’t die — and now, the redshirt who wouldn’t
“Do not fail,” Naomi said. She held up her right hand, and Castiel did the same.
“Doctor Singer—”
Cas's wide blue eyes finally shifted away from Dean’s to study his room, wandering dispassionately until eventually settling on the framed portrait. “Is that your father?”
in preparation for this assignment, Castiel would have known they were nearing Sick Bay from eight doors away. There were voices — human voices, some sobbing, some hyperventilating, many shouting. As they drew closer, the human bodies these human voices belonged to began appearing: sitting, leaning, rushing through the corridor. Many were soiled with blood… not necessarily their own.
“He was the seventh president of the United States. He was also a popular demon vessel during the early nineteenth century.”
and he looked to Castiel on instinct. The Seraph’s blue eyes widened in understanding. “I think I’m… having an episode here.”
In the brief transition of their atoms from the planet’s surface to the
The interrogation room was clinically intimate. A single light illuminated the logbook that was installed in the center of the room’s single table. Two chairs sat on opposite sides of this table, one empty, one occupied by the Captain. Castiel remained back a few steps, in faint shadow.
The bridge’s viewscreen only showed the softly blurred stars of a vessel travelling at a casual Warp 4, but Dean could see on his graph that the
Dean craned his neck towards the back of the building, hoping to find a door or a window to bust through, but then noticed a different reading on his tricorder, one signaling the presence of some kind of underground equipment. Dean instantly recognized it as the makings of a trap. As Dean started to calculate the range and position of the equipment, an echoing voice in his mind jarred his concentration.
“Lieutenant Commander Bradbury has three bruised ribs,” Castiel announced. “Ensigns Harvelle and Tran have no major injuries.”
Ellen nodded. “I assume you are on Vega Prime to intercept her?”
"This planet's population is a peaceful one," Castiel was insisting. "They would not fight back."
Dean had told him over breakfast, after Castiel had struggled — more so than usual — to pick up on the nuances of human communication.
Meg threw her head back and laughed. Dean snuck a glance at Castiel; he was pulling his sinister glower, the one that nearly had Dean pee himself back on the
Castiel approached the biobed, stopping just a few feet behind the medical officers as they doted over the naked, bloody body. The whimpering was now more audible; it was not quite Klingonese, but sounded similar. The senior officer looked up from the patient briefly to greet Castiel.
Dean took this complaint to Sick Bay, but instead of letting him eat real food, Bobby prescribed Dean protein shakes, which are disgusting.
Dean shook his head, but couldn’t help but smile. “Sit, dude.”
“And you sing in them?”
Wake up.
It felt different, too. Sammy brought tension. They had baggage and they unpacked and re-packed it so often neither of them could tell whose shit was whose anymore. The Random Aliens of the Week were about forgetting the “then” and the “when” and enjoying the “now.” And Cas made Dean forget a “then,” and it wasn’t like the two of them didn’t have their baggage, and Dean still found him so creepy, but… something about this — how even though all that happened, they were in Dean’s quarters together out of their own free will, and Dean had
throwing them into the Academy, about how excited Dean had been to earn his own red shirt, about how Sammy flourished around other kids his age,
“Feel it from far away? Yes,” Castiel said. He paused. “I can feel it now, though.”
Sam took a deep breath. “I’m talking to you. Right now. In the flesh. Isn’t that… isn’t that enough? That you’re alive?”
Sam poked at his salad. “He gets that way sometimes. You just gotta keep at him.”
“I don’t really know
Since staring at his yellow buttons and barely-yellow sleeve for another eight hours was less than invigorating, Dean resorted to playing a round of “how many buttons can I see from this seat” to pass the time. He made it to 187 before catching a glimpse of the science station and performing a bombastic double-take worthy of a laugh track.
“I owe Garth drinks for a week,” he said unhappily.
So it was acceptable to focus on this singular human being, for the time being, and shut out all others from his perception. It was both essential to performing his sanctioned duty and beneficial to the future of science. Or so Castiel told himself, for the nineteenth time in five days, as he watched Dean Winchester beg him for another round of what the humans called “arm wrestling.”
Me: [uploads another 6000 word chapter]
Thank you all so much for sticking with this story. I will try to get updates back to every three weeks! Feel free to leave a kudo and a comment; I love to hear what you have to say! And if you need to rant about the finale... I gotchu. I promise this story won't end the same way.
“Excellent,” Naomi said. Castiel didn’t need to look at her to know a smile was pulling at her lips. She was proud of him; that was good. “You are a scientist, and a warrior, but you will also be their greatest healer. Control your variables and protect your assembly.”
He’d remodel the bed, so that he could flip it upside-down to repurpose as a ping-pong table. With one end of it pressed up against the wall, he would never need a partner to play. As third in command he probably had the leverage to put a mini mini bar in here, as well — although perhaps being on such thin ice with the captain may hinder that endeavor. Plus, it wasn’t like his quarters were very spacy to begin with.
Dean Winchester reached a decision first.
The three officers remained silent.
The rest of the landing party made their way off of the beaming platform. Dean’s arms had subconsciously wrapped themselves around his bare torso, the dry and sterile air somehow making him feel more exposed than he had in the dark, moist cave.
Jo was equally unimpressed with his deflection. “Is it true there were illegal test detonations in the Delta Quadrant?”
“And his head?” Sam jumped on the question before Castiel could get to that part.
Dean attempted to help Sam to his feet, but his ankle gave out beneath him, and it ended up being Sam who helped Dean up. Castiel groaned from the ground.
final test, he would not have passed.
Dean, pulse racing, threw Ellen a face, and her mouth formed a tiny “oh”. The Captain’s eyes, however, suggested she was less than enthusiastic about his and Sam’s efforts to remain anonymous. They had, after all, talked about what they would do in this exact scenario before, and they hadn’t agreed.
Dean shot her an incredulous glance and she widened her eyes at him in a
“Wait, wait, wait,” Sam stammered. “What do you mean, ‘so far’? Collecting what?”
“Dean,” he finally managed.
Sam broke into a sprint, leaving Rufus behind. The dirt beneath his feet grew hot and he darted to the side. Another tall bloom of flame erupted from the ground where he had just been, glowing projectiles of discarded rock sizzling Sam’s flesh as they hit his arms.
* * *
Dean didn’t fuck up this time and it was
That night — night being relative, as it was always night in the dead of space — Sam swung by the chapel. He wasn’t aligned, so to speak, but he’d always felt something, like a ringing deep inside him, for some form of faith, when on sacred ground.
“What are you saying?”
“I was- Yes. I was sniffing Baby again. It’s therapeutic!”
Kevin’s hands, cuffed together above his head, could only form one phrase in response — the gentle tapping of his fingertips together, which also happened to be the single Rosencian communication Dean knew.
mission.” Crowley was quickly shedding his serene composure. “My whole trajectory is to help intercept the zealots after the Seals to return them to
It was safe to say the possibilities of a fantastic night were limitless. But noooo, they had a Seal to retrieve, so Dean didn’t have a single moment to sidle up to one of the ladies (or gent) and buy them an ale.
Nurse Mills greeted Castiel as the scarlet Sick Bay doors slid open.
Humans were difficult, but Dean was
“Sammy?”
It faded out immediately; Naomi’s face was on the viewscreen.
He paced for what felt like hours, hoping to burn off some of his restlessness. He was surprised at how easily he had lied to Bobby and Castiel about not understanding what the voice had told him. The words rang clear as a red alert alarm.
Dean Winchester had only been wearing the thing for two weeks and already his gold tunic was in bloody shreds on the floor of a cave.
“Yes,” Castiel affirmed. “The human instinct to amass all ones’ belongings within their sights is not a universal one.”
— felt undeniably pure.
Dean scoffed. “Uh, depends, I guess. Like, your religion is creepy ‘cause it’s got this whole apocalyptic prophecy that you’re not allowed to know about. Klingons are creepy ‘cause they smell bad and they lie all the time. Even tribbles are creepy ‘cause all they do is crawl around and get pregnant.”
Dean knew that couldn’t be further from the truth, but he decided against pressing too hard for more backstory today. “Still think that taboo battle royale prophecy of yours is creepy as shit.”
“Humans,” Michael reflects. The new skin always feels strange in heat. They are different, the bodies, every time. The minds inside must be feebled, the bones must be strengthened. But in time, they are never long. No body walks free when it may instead serve the Host. “Our swords and shields.”
“I’m merely observing.”
This procedure also allowed you to extract his memories for the benefit of the Gehenna investigation, although their reliability remains indeterminate. He remembers the Gehennian events according to the following.
“You are correct,” Naomi said.
so,” Dean stressed. He was in the process of constructing a whole monologue about how human’s perceptions of time, self, and reality were completely reliant on memory. It wasn’t performance-ready, but he was getting there. He’d been focused on little else but the subject ever since he woke up weeks ago with a big fat blank.
“I am,” Castiel said. Dean gave him a
, it’s not like he ever did — but he could control himself. Just enough to avoid any more freaking mind readings, to stop racking up reasons to owe that stupid creep with the giant blue eyes and the freakishly gentle hands any favors.
Castiel cocked his head. “You are renouncing your strike and assuming position as my guardianship charge?”
Somebody tackled Sam from behind, sending him flying into the dirt. Sam rolled over, punching his attacker.
Ketch blinked, shrugged a little. “So?”
“Great.”
They were sitting at their usual table in the mess hall, beneath one of the rows of hanging potted plants nourished by the room’s scattered artificial sunlight panels. The friend group had spent months trying to align their rotation hours so they could all eat at the same time, and although Mick, Claire, and Charlie were still on the opposite shift, the group was otherwise now complete: Jo, Ketch, Garth, Kevin, Sam, and Dean.
Orion
“So it is a recurring dream?”
“Bastards,” Nurse Mills said.
“Goodbye, Castiel,” Naomi said. Particles of light clouded his vision, and in the split second he was beamed across empty space, he caught the faintest ping in his Grace: some kind of bright whistle, like the echo of a red alert.
He was answered with a solemn stare.
Meg was frozen in place, her face twisted in a sneer and her finger against the trigger, paralyzed in the soft glowing bubble of mysterious energy surrounding her. Dybbuk the Hellhound was calm where it rested its head in the blue mud, as if it were nothing more than an overgrown German Shepherd.
on my watch,” Nurse Mills choked out. Her hands fumbled and she dropped an instrument, which clattered to the floor. She gasped, tears spilling down her cheeks as she kneeled to pick it up. “Jesus. Sorry. Jesus.”
for himself and dragging Sammy and Dean across the entire alpha and beta quadrants for eight years on a psychotic hunt for his wife’s killer. He told Cas about space stations and treasure hunts and panhandling, about growing up in outer space with only an outdated research craft to call home, about watching out for a little brother who longed for a different life. He told Cas about the amulet hanging around his neck.
“I want my dream catcher to have red strings,” Dean announced. “And if we have any beads I want the ones with three knobs. You know, the ones that look like little fidget spinners.”
. Dean had suffered humidity before, but the air here was like a mousse pudding.
“Almost, but not quite,” Chuck’s eyes narrowed as he searched for the perfect word. “Distressed to the point of false worship in hopes one would be spared of her wrath.”
yesterday when it had been directed at him —
He turned his head to look at Cas with what he hoped were imploring eyes. Cas simply stared back like an automaton.
“We did not intend to promote you at such short notice,” Naomi said. “Commander Turner’s life ended quite unexpectedly. Still, we would not rush this, but they are in the midst of an… emergency.”
“Howdy, Commander!”
“Whatever,” Sam said, punctuated with a sharp crunch of his dry cereal, and went back to looking at his phone.
“I was a commanding officer on the siege of the Rack as well, if that matters,” Ketch announced, deeply wounded. When Ruby didn’t acknowledge him, Dean caught Ketch’s eye and tried to smile at him, but the security officer just pursed his lips and glared at the mud.
was much more complicated. Merging a Seraph mind with that of a human opened thousands of channels for — as Hester had once put it — “cross-contamination.” The introduction of deep emotions, doubts, faithlessness, and other human flaws could all too easily compromise a Seraph’s integrity. The risks, in almost every case, outweighed the rewards. Anael was one of the last to attempt a mind meld. While it hadn’t directly caused her fall from Grace, the event and its unchecked side effects fit distinctly within her pattern of dissension. That pattern had led to the termination of her life.
“Alright, yep. Going now. Going to… drink.” The security hesitated, staring Castiel deep in the eyes — a much more welcoming gaze than Sam Winchester’s. It unsettled Castiel. Hostility was often genuine; hospitality was often insincere. “Castiel, you wanna…? Enemy of my enemy and all that?”
“But pride’s an emotion.”
“Are you done?” Jo said, watching Dean and Charlie’s laughter turn to grimaces as they swayed from their restraints.
Castiel groaned, grabbing his head.
“Your experience in Starfleet Academy has prepared you for this, but you will find that, when in command of a human crew, it will be impossible to eliminate emotion from action,” Naomi advised. “You will be stressed. Pulled in all directions. You must practice fascination over frustration. Observe their behavior, and document it, but do not let them corrupt you. Remember: faith in the Father, faith in his children.”
At the top of the hill, Sam was too confused by what his tricorder was now registering to have noticed his brother disappear from his side.
is going to be mad at
Because John Winchester was staring at him, always, from the wall adjacent to his bed, posed in a blood-red tunic. Judging. Dean didn’t need to be told he was a disappointment, but it wasn’t until after his father died that he felt so awful about it. All those years training for the Academy, he had disappointed him: floundering missions, making mistakes, not stepping in like he could have when Sammy dropped out for more Terran-bound studies.
“You told— told me this was your real face,” Dean whimpered, weeping.
“Right. So I’m gonna try to deal with that. The dryness, the rudeness, everything about you...” Dean realized even a Seraph might take that as an insult — let alone a superior officer. “Sir, we’ve clashed in the past, but I will do my best to remember respect.”
— and told him the truth.
Sam nodded like his advertising idea had been shot down in a PR conference. “Okay. You know what’s best for you.”
“I got it,” Ash said, jumping in the hole to lift the Seal out. Ellen jumped in beside him.
,” Ketch gritted his teeth. “Ellen has been thinking about switching you for years. This is not about your… circumstances.”
“You poisoned me!” Dean moaned, and he’d obviously been joking, wearing his giddiest smile even though chunks of half-digested cow meat still dripped from his chin. Sam should have laughed, because could their lives be any more ridiculous at this point? He should have laughed at Ruby too, and at the way Ketch looked so offended all the time, and at the ridiculous mini-speech Castiel gave him about making his job as Dean’s guardian that much harder.
“No,” Ketch scoffed. Dean’s face burned, and Ketch’s eyes widened. “Oh, don’t tell me you were being serious when we talked about that earlier…”
“Do you really think I should be?”
“Shit,” Ellen gasped.
“Indeed,” the Programmer agrees.
The question was phrased as rhetorical encouragement, but Castiel confirmed that he could, indeed, feel that.
than a recurring dream,” Dean said, furrowing his brow as he tried to remember more specifics. “Something different happens every time. Like, last night we were rehearsing a romantic scene, but there was this, like, fake blood everywhere. It was macabre but also kind of awesome.”
“You know, I think that spoonful of cat food I ate down there is gonna give me the shits,” he said instead.
Castiel turned to the doctor, trying to calm Naomi’s mantra repeating in his head —
Castiel put two fingers on the man’s bloody thigh and reached forward with his Grace.
Castiel noted the time and adjusted his stance. Harvelle seemed to be waiting for his advice, but the day’s whirlwind of events had, frustratingly, disoriented Castiel. He regretted the life of Rufus Turner had been terminated before this conflict could be resolved. Castiel was a logical adviser, but Harvelle evidently desired a confidante at her side right now, not a stranger.
"Do you have any idea how much the Seals must have sold for?" Castiel said. "That would be a highly improbable solution."
disruptor guns.”
Sam whipped his head toward his older brother, and finally, grimly, horrifically, Dean understood.
“It was a test,” Bobby placated. “I told her not to send you at all. But she
“...Lilith’s plans for Genesis have been the topic of much debate among our elders,” Naomi was saying. “We have determined it is not something to be concerned about, as Genesis was proven to be a failed experiment.”
Somebody knocked on the door. That stupid hinged door on this stupid old-fashioned sorry excuse for a spaceship. Sam screamed “Go
“You said so yourself, I
Sam couldn’t help but laugh a little, and Dean’s lips twitched in a smile.
“No, I truly don’t know,” Chuck insisted, sounding more sure of himself this time. “My involvement with Project Genesis is purely about communication. I’m an ambassador, not a scientist. I only get told what I need to know. And it’s never about the details of the project, or its progress, or… or what it even does. I just… help make sure nobody’s fighting about it.”
“I’m not going to the fucking church group.”
Dinner break. Eat more chicken nuggets.
hungry, so he forced himself to swallow, nearly vomiting in the process. He waited expectantly for an offerance of water, but it never came.
Dean glanced at her. “What?”
A blast rang out.
attended the second one, and it was absolute torture. It was supposed to make people feel better, become better at dealing with the violent loss of Rufus and the stress of maintaining peace with the Klingons during the whole rescue spiel and… and everything else, to varying degrees. Dean’s degree of everything else was rather high.
“Anyway, even if this was a test, you passed,” Bobby said after the analyzer beeped with completion. “You did well down there. And even though you're still stiff, your medical readings look just dandy.”
“More of a recurring
* * *
* * *
” loud enough to rattle the entire craft.
Here's a basic rundown of jargon you may find helpful.
Dean thought about that for a second. “But you’re a baby?”
” Dean pressed.
“I do like the dirty work,” Ruby admitted, finally cracking the tiniest of smiles.
“Yeah, I can see that,” Sam laughed, pointing to Dean’s neck. “You always were a fan of that vintage… what’d you call it? Hentai?” He sobered sweetly following Dean’s resulting glower. “You’re
“How you feelin’?” Harvelle asked.
Castiel cocked his head, still listening to some energetic wavelength unfelt by human ears or Kevin’s devices. “Not necessarily, but these two I could… recognize anywhere.”
The captain hesitated long enough for Castiel to jump on the cue.
“You know what else is therapeutic?” Dean continued. “Eating cereal with
“Why…” Dean glanced between Castiel, Crowley, Meg, and that disgusting dog. “If Lucifer was one of the first Seraphim, why do the
to a halt. The Seraphim vessel, a little white thing, was now visible on the screen, approaching at a steady pace.
“So,” Jo said, “are the Klingons and Seraphim trying to win your allyship?”
He does not remember the motivation behind those who tortured him.
Dean groaned. Sam would be worse.
“What—?” It took a moment of blank staring, but Dean finally recalled that time last week in the transporter room: standing shirtless and bloody with Ketch beside him, begging Ellen one last time to be reassigned. He forgot Cas had even been there. Why was he bringing this up now? “Dude, I was just— I missed being a security officer, and a red uniform looks good on me.” He shot upright, accusatory. “You think it doesn’t?”
The guard lifted its hands to unlock Kevin’s cuffs, only at eye level for the ginormous bastard (Kevin’s tiny frame was justified to tremble in its shadow). Kevin quickly slapped on his most convincing puppy-dog eyes and signed meekly at the Rosencian before pointing to Charlie, who shrieked again on cue.
Dean choked around the feeding tube again, sending himself into a wet coughing fit. Castiel forced his face away, calling to Doctor Singer again, and only when his voice echoed in the empty Sick Bay did he realize the man must have finally stepped out for his lunch break while Castiel had been transfixed on Dean’s recovery.
Uriel laughed, a violent, barking cackle that could spook a Gorn.
“Wait.” The ringing was growing louder, now more of a high-pitched howl. Dean’s mind raced —
Ellen evidently concurred, but her discomfort went entirely unregistered by the icy aliens on the bridge. She straightened her shoulders and took a breath.
“Okay, fair enough,” Dean shrugged, taking a swig, and studied the calm expression on Castiel’s face. He turned away to head to his room, knowing the angel would still be trailing him. “I’ve been dreaming about being in high school again.”
“It’s because your friggin’ brain’s so big,” Dean said. “Pushes all your stupid sissy tears outta your too-small noggin.”
“Um, not, uh… not really. But you can control whether or not you let them control you. Mostly.”
,” she pivoted to Dean, “are confined to quarters as soon as you’re released from sickbay. Got it?”
.” Dean held up a hand to hush the Seraph. “Let’s hear it from him.”
Dean — oh, and sorry about what you went through, word travels fast, but—” Ruby tripped over her words as she ogled Dean’s little brother. “
“Whaddaya mean?” Dean snapped.
“Yes, I do,” Sam insisted. He sat down on the bed. He wiped at his face and his hand came away wet.
“Joanna Beth Harvelle.”
to excel? Where my father—”
However long it takes, The Face remains in the center of his vision, their hands wandering, their curdled breath polluting his air supply, until — not a crunch, but a squish, a grisly, excruciating, paralyzing squish — there is no more skin to peel and they’ve moved on, they’ve moved
understand that crying was illogical? Castiel’s list expanded by another bullet point — as did his headache.
As Ellen pulled the Seraph aside, taking his tricorder to study, Dean narrowed his eyes at Ketch. “So.”
“Die,” Dean said.
Dean blocked a right hook from the Rosencian and bobbed between the tentacles, catching a rough blow to his good shoulder. Stepping into the impact, he turned, pulling out a roundhouse kick that for a moment had him thinking he’d blown his
“Well, ‘my condolences’ is a good one. ‘Sorry for your loss.’ Things in that vein.”
The Seraph’s image cut out, replaced onscreen by an expanse of freckled stars. A collective sigh of relief rolled across the bridge.
Castiel retracted his hand, wet with the sweat from Dean’s palm, a rather unsettling sensation. “Are you hurt?”
“I still don’t trust Ketch’s path,” Lieutenant Bradbury warned from somewhere behind Harvelle.
, currently, was running. Fleeing the wrath of rogue terrorist groups on Gehenna, conservative zealots of Kronos, and ultimately, possible repercussions from the Federation. Rufus Turner had died hardly twelve hours prior, blasted apart in the detonation of a bomb he created himself. The reports following his death remained hazy — the
“Sorry,” Sam apologized.
Something about the human’s face — the quirk of his eyebrow or the twist of his weird lips — sparked in Castiel the amusement Zachariah always reported experiencing. Suddenly, Castiel found himself fighting the impulse to smile.
it— but it was the closest thing he’d ever had to a home. And it was all he had left of Mom. Dean could at least remember the taste of her cooking.
“Castiel I’m gonna get our shit together outside there’s so much to do and I can’t stay here I’ll meet you in interrogation in fifteen shit do you need a map or wait Ash can take you okay I’m sorry I’ll talk to you soon it is great to meet you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam didn’t notice he’d started running until he caught fire. He batted at his arm’s flaming sleeves frantically, not daring to slow down, barely avoiding more of the blazing bursts as they shot from the ground.
“This will do very little for me, but thank you,” Castiel said, swallowing the pain reliever dry. His throat felt coated in a smoky film, and the pill did not go down easy.
“It’s funny how different cultures twist the stories of historical figures about,” Crowley said. “Lucifer, whoever or whatever he was, certainly existed. But where he is a villain to Seraphim, he is a hero — a deity — to some Klingons. They truly believe he was the first of our race, that because of his righteous, violent worldview, we, ‘his children’, were also higher beings on the evolutionary scale.”
The team had made it but ten yards apart when Sam froze.
“Seraphim do not lie,” Castiel recited automatically.
of the Edo, and the guy kept throwing these looks at him, and he was really starting to consider it.
Castiel did not know what the look Harvelle gave him meant because, while she was now smiling, her face still displayed all her earlier symptoms of sadness.
She ignored him. “Look, if he’s healthy, you come right back down here, quick and easy. If something’s wrong with him, I’ll need you there to handle it anyway. Understood?”
Darkness comes and goes, but it isn’t sleep. It’s something forced, as if they pull his mind out from directly inside him, and he doesn’t sleep, he just
the first Klingon,” Castiel stated gruffly. It was the first thing he’d said since Meg showed up that he sounded fully certain of.
A very long two years full of very long days.
“Dean, I had
Castiel looked away. “I am learning.”
Naomi nodded curtly. “Of course.”
Dean didn’t spend much time in his own quarters. There was always something else to do: chess with Charlie in the recreation room, workouts with Ketch in the gym, technical journals with Ash in the chief engineer’s quarters, people-watching with Garth and Jo in the chapel. Therefore, Dean had very little
Dean shook his head, his vision suddenly blurry, and tried to focus on the traps.
“Take her with you where?” Ellen asked. She scanned Sam and Dean and sighed. “Winchesters, you may be dismissed to beam up, you look awful.”
“Fuck yeah,” Dean muttered, then went back to sleep.
Quite a strange question — but perhaps the human simply did not understand how gracionic cell repair functioned. “I must, to heal others.”
“The Seal!” Castiel protested. Dean gritted his teeth and halted, sparing a glance back. Castiel was standing in the hole, looking back and forth between Dean and the ceramic box awkwardly.
“Mister Winchester refuses to provide details on what caused his accident,” Castiel said.
“So,” she forced a respectful smile. “What are your orders?”
Feel free to leave a comment, I'd love to know your thoughts/reactions/predictions or even how your day is going! Thank you so much for reading my work.
Sam’s mouth was hanging open. “An
“You didn’t choose this life?”
Literally just random numbers. Don't worry about it.
Charlie kissed the tribble’s head (body? butt? whatever) and reluctantly passed it off to Castiel, who had been functioning as Dean’s second shadow. The tribble’s purring grew noticeably louder in Castiel’s palms. He stiffened, staring at the creature like it was going to bite him.
They had beamed into a small clearing lit by the glaring white sun, but after a few yards, the sticky bluish dirt was engulfed in a thick growth of trees, where the light seemed to disappear completely under the dense canopy.
This is what happened.
mission — okay, I get it, not helping.”
Dean studied Castiel and Castiel studied Dean. If anybody else asked him that, he’d consider those fighting words, because as much as he loved his crewmates, they were so…
Cas broke the silence.
over his teeth.
“You should show me some respect,” Castiel narrowed his eyes, feeling his stiff muscles relax slightly. “I dragged you out of your deathbed. I could throw you back in.”
,” Dean cried. He could barely move. The men yanked him to his feet, and one turned to Sam, its eyes pitch black in the darkness.
“I get that you were just trying to help,” Doctor Singer said to Dean after Castiel had completed his report of the incident and the helmsman’s condition had been updated in the medical logs. “But what in the world could make you just…
“Zachariah, I will contact Starfleet if I must.” Her arms were crossed.
was the one who burdened Castiel’s logic like satellite interference, throwing incoherent gibberish into the Seraph’s thought process.
“I thank you all — I know it’s the hundredth time — but I thank you all for helping him,” Lieutenant Winchester said. He paused for a shaky breath. “But I know it takes a toll on you. I know it does. And what I think I need to say today, is that it seems we’re always holding back what we feel so that — so that the person we’re sitting next to doesn’t have to feel that too. But we’re all waiting, just waiting for someone else to say that they’re sad. Because we’re all sad.”
“You telling me I don’t belong where I
There were bad things to feel, as well. Gabriel had felt them. And later, Anael. Castiel did not. He was a good soldier.
Jo was already stomping down off the beaming pad. “What,” she demanded, folding her arms in an adorable mirror image and glaring somewhere in the vicinity of her mother’s head. “Sir.”
“I am considering a mind meld,” Castiel said six hours later, sitting alone at the table in his private quarters, speaking to a small video of Naomi on his desktop viewscreen. This was only his second time speaking to her since he had joined the
* * *
y a idjit. And you don’t get that look in your eye unless
“Sarcasm,” Dean mused softly, still grinning, and he followed Castiel to the transporter room.
— at least, not in the sentimental sense — were few and far between.
“It’s a good time to invest, then, correct?” Castiel offered. “You taught me that, Dean.”
. Stomp away. In the process, whack shin directly into the corner of a low table. Allow Cas to “heal” it because
The doctor ogled him. “You want that?”
“I’m not interested in being a great officer,” Sam said finally. “You were always the hero. I’m fine with being the sidekick.”
“I do drink tea before bed.”
, signing enthusiastically to punctuate his tender sobs. The sorrowful act was quite convincing (there was no doubt the tears of fear, at least, were real), and Dean could only imagine what kind of horrific illness the communications officer was whipping up for Charlie.
“Not more so than usual,” Dean shrugged. “No, Sammy, looks pretty good. I like that it’s feathered at the eyebrows. I can finally see your face again.”
“Well,” Dean said, “so am I.”
Dean ordered a new tunic from the replicator slot in his wall and threw it on, then made it from Deck Five to the Bridge within two minutes. When the turbolift doors opened, Dean stepped out with his hands clasped behind his back, trying to look chill. He was fine and he would prove it.
. What more proof of character do you need before you trust him?”
Dean groaned deeply, dropping his shoulders like a petulant teen. “Bobby, come on.”
Winchesters?” She laughed a little, her eyes wide and mouth agape. “Crowley, you didn’t say.”
Even though the Seraphim were founding members of the Federation, only two had ever joined Starfleet, because they were such a logical, advanced, superior race they’d had no desire to meddle with the mishaps of man. The Seraphim were practicing warp travel for centuries before humans even began sticking their cockpits into other planets’ business. For nearly unhinged religious zealots with centuries-long lifespans who’d formed an entirely militaristic society on their native Elysium, they
Castiel’s hands shook as he sat before the small desktop viewscreen, watching the buttons (yellow and red and blue and white, stark against the black surface of the counter) instead of meeting Naomi’s eyes. It had been a very long and tiring day, and his head hurt very much, and speaking with Naomi — something that usually reassured Castiel of his abilities and purpose — now sent sharp pains through his stomach. In his periphery he could see her hands folded on the screen.
“High school?” Castiel laughed a little, as if he weren’t expecting that answer. “Such dreams are generally associated with high levels of stress and a feeling of powerlessness. It means you are seeking validation or reassurance for an aspect of your life that is changing.” At Dean’s incredulous stare, Castiel swallowed. “A little on the nose?”
“You in no way resemble a newborn Tellarite,” Castiel said from behind him.
That settled it: if Cas said the gold tunics were green, the gold tunics were green. “Well, thanks for the flattery.”
“You are safe,” Castiel said. “This is the
“I’m starting to wonder if you and I are some kind of bad luck charm,” Charlie Bradbury said in response to Dean’s spasm. She was chained up beside him, balls of her feet resting on the floor and wrists moored above her head. Her dress, an enviable red, was still in one piece, as was Jo Harvelle’s blue dress from where she was chained up against the adjacent wall. Kevin Tran’s gold tunic, however, had been removed and tossed aside in a dramatic display identical to Dean’s, although he did not wear the shirtlessness with nearly as much pride. Where Dean appeared in his glorious element, Kevin looked like a fourteen-year-old cadet who’d been mercilessly hazed at one of the Academy frat parties Dean once frequented.
Dean gaped at the security officer, jerked his head towards Ellen, stuck his hands out in what he assumed translated as a
Captain Harvelle approached Castiel from the side of the room, Doctor Singer behind her. Both were smiling with glistening eyes.
“Are you enjoying your soggy rice krispies?” Castiel asked.
Sam shook his head and opened his eyes, which were suddenly quite watery. “I just… had a weird… deja vu or something. Like a sudden... from when I couldn't save…” He swallowed, studying Dean with his dewy gaze. “Never mind. Let’s get a move on.”
“Great. Well, I’m playing some rock star version of him in my dreams.”
Dean quickly scrambled to his hands and knees. His ankle no longer pulsed a dull throb; it had now reached a shrill screech.
“Now an extinct species,” Uriel added. “She has already been arrested, tried, and executed under due Seraphim law.”
“Y’know, I used to blame the Seraphim for her death,” Dean blurted. Cas glanced up.
so soon, Naomi had informed him, was his proficiency at damage control. This was too much for humans to handle.
He does not remember who or what rescued him from the Rack.
Castiel watched the buttons beyond his shaking hands. He had read minds before. And he had never been this… confused.
was comforting
“No, it was funny,” Dean said hastily. He smiled, displaying the gap in his teeth where his last canine still refused to grow in. “You’re funny, Sammy.”
“My name is Castiel,” Castiel reminded him, taking Dean’s outstretched hand. He watched the human’s weird lips begin the countdown and, on “three,” promptly pinned Dean’s arm to the stone.
As he observed Harvelle marching Dean towards the group with Sam close behind them, Castiel caught Nurse Mill’s eye. He approximated her current emotional state to be a combination of doubt and anxiety.
A hand yanked him by the arm and he careened straight backwards into Castiel’s chest.
you’re not hurt?”
“Good.” Bobby gave Dean a slap on the back that was halfway between a congratulatory acknowledgement and a warning to just get out of his damn sick bay already. “Now snatch yourself a fresh tunic and get your ass back to flying this thing and, so help me God, if you get injured on a mission again, I solemnly swear I will remove your nipples myself.”
Castiel was thinking. He disliked the mind-readings just as much as Dean did, if not more so. Castiel did not know how to explain to Dean how much easier they would be if he stopped treating him like a threat.
“Ellen said this counseling is mandatory.”
“Hey, good lookin’,” Dean smirked. He coughed, face falling, and turned to Sam beside him, waggling his broken arm as much as the cast would allow. “Who th’fuck is this weirdo?”
“Doctor Bad-Ass here,” crooned the tinny voice from the communicator’s speaker.
“No.” It was great news, but still: a week ago, Castiel had been raring to finger Dean’s hippocampus. “Why not?”
“No. Do you want me to?”
Play a well-matched game of three-dimensional chess with Charlie. Let Cas have a turn instead and get brutally slaughtered. Punch Ketch when he laughs.
Dean sighed in relief. “There, see? I did y’all a favor.”
Sam had visibly flinched when Ellen announced Dean was joining the party, and Dean could tell it was because this was
Before Dean could come up with a snappy one-liner to help himself cope with the turn of events, something moved in his peripheral vision. A man stepped out from behind a large, fallen tree. He was short and slender, clad entirely in black formals, wielding a mysterious gun. The man strode past Dean, Sam, and Castiel, obviously well aware that they were there, intentionally demonstrating his disinterest in them. He approached the pacified Dybbuk and gave it a loving rub on its noggin.
unlucky fellows got stuck with the most solemn Seraph in the garrison. Cassie here—” he wrapped an arm around Castiel, squeezing him like an overbearing mother with her preteen son at a family gathering, modulating his voice accordingly, “—is our little teacher’s pet. Aren’t ya?”
The sky was pure orange and bright as midday, yet the giant moon hung there, shining pure white. God, it was so big in these heavens, Sam’s entire fist wouldn’t block it out of his view. He became ever more aware of their gravity boots clunking against the dirt. They were an essential on Gehenna. Those in the lowest castes, lower even than the lowest of prisoners, were left to bounce and float over the planet, drifting away to be claimed by the elements. Or the Hellhounds. Or the slave traffickers.
“Right back at ya.” Dean put his mom’s photo in his bedside drawer, then swung his legs up on the bed, letting their swivel throw his body back against the mattress. “What’s your opinion on Romulan Ale?”
Several moments passed. Some noises: the door opening, a few footsteps. A feeling: the mattress dipping next to Sam as somebody sat down.
“I’m alright, Castiel,” Ellen said. She took a step toward Crowley, extending a hand. “I am Captain Ellen Harvelle of the Starship
Dean remembered something. “Yeah, uh, right before Crowley showed up, Meg mentioned Genesis. Care to explain why—”
Sam’s eyebrows shot up. Chuck was even worse at fibbing than he was.
* * *
Castiel remained out of the surgeons’ way, avoiding looking closely at the body yet; he preferred to make a full assessment in private after the licensed medical officers had done all they could.
Sam glared at Dean as he abandoned the tray on his dresser.
A proud
“One question at a time, please, give everyone a turn,” Crowley said lightly. “And besides, good sirs, you have me at a disadvantage.”
“It is not,” Naomi said. “No medical license can prepare one a non-Seraphim to oversee a mind meld.”
“He’s my superior officer,” Kevin said, staring at her as if she had suggested the concept of celibate tribbles. “I have to do what he says. And he is always trying to get me killed. I followed him into the alley like he said, I planted those sensors like he said, I dropped my weapon like he said, and now look where I am.”
“Two o’clock,” Rufus warned softly, slowing down. Sam, Dean, and the other security officers filling up the away team adjusted their pace.
“The what?” Dean grunted.
“And how does
“I have a hydration hypo,” somebody (Jody, evidently) said. “Maybe we should start bringing water bottles when we—”
“Chew toy?” Dean spun on him with a laugh. “You weren’t getting choked to death by tentacles.”
to tell you, but I keep getting interrupted!” Crowley exclaimed. “The whole mission is to save the Seals from—”
And since Seraphim don’t have feelings, and therefore cannot form subjective opinions about the taste of food, Dean took Castiel’s statement to Bobby as a factual counterpoint.
“So why did you?” Harvelle asked.
I'm very sorry about the delay. I finally got the new Animal Crossing and my focus has been uhhhhhhh occupied elsewhere. I am in love with Weber the duck. In all honestly, I do have a valid reason, being that my college just announced first-years will be learning remotely in the fall. Big bummer. So I spent my normal upload days cleaning out my entire room to turn it into a dorm.
The Programmer has other concerns. “Do you believe Gabriel is the catalyst?”
. This entire month he’d known Castiel, Dean found the Seraph a cold-hearted and soulless ass. Now he was giggling at him because — this was so ridiculous — what if Cas’s dry sarcasm had been an act the whole damn time? Even Zachariah had insulted him for lacking a sense of humor. Dean had suspected Castiel was a double agent, some harbinger of doom, but maybe he was just trying to hide that he was kind of human.
The landing party gathered, sharing their findings and discussing a plan of action.
“You got me put on a liquid diet, bitch,” he said.
The patient’s whimpering was finally petering out following the most recent hypo, only the faintest of sobs bubbling from his torn red lips until, finally, they went still. Nurse Mills spoke to him softly while she cleaned his wounds. Her eyes watered.
Officers Charlie Bradbury and Garth Fitzgerald offered to give Castiel a private tour of the ship. He accepted. He quickly discovered that Bradbury and Fitzgerald, while incredibly intelligent scientists, talked very much.
“Hello, boys,” he greeted the Starfleet officers. The corner of his lip curled upward in a tiny smile. “I believe we have some catching up to do.”
“Ellen’s gonna throw you back in your room lickety-split,” Kevin warned.
* * *
“Yes,” Castiel said. “They are his children too. Whether they are undevout, or even disbelieve, I must have as much faith in their actions as I do the visions of the Great Father.”
Sam backpedaled frantically as Rufus, cool as a cucumber, shot another pouch of goofer dust from his handheld cannon. The Hellhound was so close now that when the impact came, the dust cloud engulfed Sam and Rufus, as well. Sam coughed, tripping and falling flat on his face, his helmet popping off on impact and rolling away. Sam’s lungs were drowning in ashy black shit. A giant impact shook the ground: the Hellhound’s massive paw, just barely missing Sam’s skull, crushing his freed EV helmet to smithereens.
“I highly doubt it,” Dean muttered. “Whatever. Mission in ten, Ellen wants teamwork, I want Ellen to like me, I assume you wanna do your job. So, voila. Let’s go.”
Harvelle stuck her index finger in Dean’s face. “You watch your tone, son.” Dean swallowed, and the captain narrowed her eyes. “Get away from the building, we’re all exposed here.”
Instead of his private quarters, Castiel was giving this report directly from the Sick Bay office, and he was not alone — Doctor Singer, Nurse Mills, and Captain Harvelle stood behind him. Sam Winchester was in Sick Bay’s main room thirty feet away, sitting beside Dean and, according to the last Castiel had seen of him prior to the call, talking to his unconscious brother quietly. He thought Sam was, perhaps, praying.
humanity
“Of course,” Castiel said. “Although respect is required regardless of our unfortunate arrangement.”
“Your
“To Kronos,” Crowley said simply. “To my people. We have questions for her.”
Dean has a degree in whooping ass, but a doctorate in getting ass-whooped.
Dean pursed his lips. “Oh, my bad. How long have you been an ensign again? Four years? That’s gotta be some kinda record, right?”
This did not offend Castiel; he was not capable of offense. He simply grew more confused with every moment he spent around the Winchesters. They were like an impossible logic puzzle given on Elysium to test soldiers’ battlefield thinking abilities. Castiel was certain that if it had been part of
is my color.”
After fourteen hours of mulling it over, it was decided. Dean was going to stay in his quarters for the rest of his life.
“I think he found it,” Sam called back. There were a few crashing steps and a rustle of leaves, and then the beanstalk boy burst into Dean and Castiel’s little clearing. He smiled tiredly at the two of them and pointed into the distance. “I think he’s over here. We lost each other in a minor bug swarm.”
“Son of a bitch should at least ask my permission,” Dean was griping as Nurse Mills hovered a scanner over his belly. He made eye contact with Castiel and curled his lip at him.
“Exactly. You don’t
“I found a fascinating tutorial on how to make dream catchers this morning,” Castiel said instead, changing the subject.
“It is your brother,” Castiel said. Sam tensed, about to stand, and Castiel quickly continued. “He is fine, physically.”
Chuck stared blankly. “Juicier than a Rosencian’s tentacles?”
“So, Chuck,” Jo began, smiling slyly, “any juicy gossip up your sleeves?”
“Damn,” Dean said. “Maybe you should drink tea before bed.”
Dean glanced around the walls at the hundreds of multi-colored paper snowflakes that were taped, strung, and hung about the bunker’s walls and sucked his teeth. “Not
Cas, put that damn thing down!”
Bobby tapped Dean’s shoulder and the helmsman sat up, holding out his arm so that the doctor could attach a subdermal analyzer to the crook of his elbow to take blood and skin samples. They’d performed this routine so often over the past two weeks, ever since Dean had been up and moving around and functional again, that going through the motions of a checkup were as easy as breathing. He barely even noticed the uncomfortable pricks on his skin beneath the analyzer anymore, which was saying a lot, since when they first started out Dean always pitched a hissy fit before Bobby could clamp the thing on him.
The captain laughed. Doctor Singer held his closed fist out to Castiel.
and so on and so forth.
I know. And you know why he did? Because Ellen and Bobby friggin’ ordered him to.”
Sam had spoken to her quite a bit lately. After Jessica died, after he came back to Starfleet, it was his way of justifying that choice.
And it was also pretty awkward when the Andorian girl asked Castiel how flexible
Sam hated this ship — he
Sam resisted the urge to offer taking Castiel's place as the Dean-Sitter by reminding himself of the maimed hunk of meat his brother had been only weeks ago. It wasn't like he had to
“Jumpstarted his own consciousness?” Singer finished incredulously.
And here they are now. They are always here when his eyes open.
“If you’re not up to driving…” Claire taunted loudly from her seat at a systems operation station.
“Shut up.”
“Yeah, well, I’m twelve,” Dean justified. “I’m a big kid now. You’re still a little kid.”
“In theory?” Singer said finally.
Dean opened his mouth, then snapped it shut again, fiddling with the bloodied hem of his shirt. He glanced in Castiel’s direction through his long lashes, worrying his lower lip between his teeth.
“They are needlessly complicated creatures.” Naomi assented, her tone remaining neutral. “Must I remind you of the ramifications of the meld?”
After dinner, Sam pulled Dean away from the group, just barely convincing Castiel to leave them be.
The key moved, the tiniest slide across the floor, and it disappeared in seconds beneath Charlie’s fist. Dean released a tense breath, his body swinging back to a vertical position beneath his cuffs, every joint threatening to give out with pain, but the valiant smile Charlie gave him as she repositioned the key in her hand made it worth it. Kevin, meanwhile, was being lifted back to his cuffs by the Rosencian’s tentacles, tears streaming down his cheeks and one eye already puffy, looking to become a goliath of a shiner. Charlie swung her arm up, stabbing the soft flesh inside the Rosencian’s knee with the little key, and the leg pinning her to the floor was immediately flung away with a shrill howl. She scrambled up to Dean, unlocking his cuffs while the Rosencian was distracted with its injured leg and Kevin’s deafening wails.
“Oh, please,” Crowley groaned. “The only thing he’s chancellor of is that smelly little dog pound.”
“Zachariah,” Castiel greeted him, not making eye contact.
Ellen smiled stiffly. “Naomi? I didn’t realize you had friends in such high places.”
“How did you know a guard was coming for us?” Charlie asked.
But Dean was good at laughing at things that were stupid and ridiculous, about turning their mistakes into humor highlight reels. Or at least, he pretended to be, for Sam’s sake — but at this point, being fluent at pretending not to care was as useful a skill as not actually caring. Lying had never been Sam’s strong suit. He wasn’t going to pretend he wasn’t afraid.
So they saved a Seal and Dean got cockblocked but Castiel didn’t read his mind and nobody got hurt. No random Hellhounds, no zealous Klingons, no scary rumors, no haunting flashbacks. Just the liquid diet. So, overall, a win, even if all those tens in the space station cafe saw Dean eating baby food banana puree through a straw.
“Aye, sir,” Ketch responded softly, more shocked than embarrassed.
Ellen scoffed good-naturedly. “We’re currently en route to return the wayward Ambassador Chuck to Shurlion. You might have heard of his entanglement.”
Kevin started
“Are you okay?” somebody asked.
"I'm not that guy! Who am I? I'm Andrew
scared. We gotta know what’s up so that we can help you. So,
Castiel kneeled, his hands drawn to his chest uncomfortably, like it was taking all his effort to not just reach out and grab the swollen knob where Dean’s ankle might be inside his boot.
“Captain,” Kevin interrupted. One hand was adjusting his earpiece as the other furiously tapped across the keys. “I am receiving a message from Starfleet Command.”
“I believe we are almost there,” Castiel said. “You seem labored. Are you hurt? Do you need me to—”
“You sure about that?” Kevin asked. “Klingons are like roaches.”
“I will make your dream catcher with red strings,” Castiel smiled.
* * *
remarkably intelligent and deserved the respect and fear others had granted them.
“Okay, Sammy, I’m alive, you can stop crying now,” Dean said stiffly.
“Helm, pull to a stop,” Ellen ordered, and Dean slowed the
“We will agree to your terms,” Alastair had said at long last, shaking Rufus’ hand one final time. “But you must speak to the warden for a
“Our orders come from Starfleet Command,” Ellen said. “We will contact—”
must be making at the moment. Dean focused on the weight of the phaser in his hand as he tried to weave the details together in his mind.
Ayyyy I really wasn't expecting to be able to get this up on schedule so I am very proud! College is awesome but a lot of work; my school is on a super condensed schedule and WOWwIE I knew it would be fast but it is, like. Fast. Although one of my classes is literally just called "Ghost Stories", and it's the best thing I've ever been in.
ask him about Project Genesis,” Jo smiled.
to go back to Starfleet. But maybe it was just another way Dean was trying to suck up to Dad.
alive, right?”
* * *
“Hmm?” Dean glanced back at the science officer. His sharp eyebrows were once again drawn down in thought.
It was smaller than his thumb, with delicate little horns and a gold sheen to it, and all Sam could learn about it in any of his books was its origin: some obscure star system called Idolia.
“Yeah, uh, that whole assassination thing, that was our dad on that mission,” Dean began.
“I am aware,” Castiel said, avoiding a few human blurs that nearly collided with him. The hallway was frantic with traffic and movement and emotion. A sticky crimson trail beneath their feet led like a string of fate down the corridor. Of all the ways to be introduced to a new crew, this by far had to be the most fascinating. “How severe is it?”
How many days has it been?
Castiel blinked. He must have tuned out for several moments, for Captain Harvelle was now excusing Mister Ketch, who pushed his chair back as he stood and wiped a hand over his face.
“Watch that one, Naomi,” Michael warns. He can see the entire circle and the fire inside it from his position on the silver terrace. He directs the Programmer’s gaze toward the good little soldier, smaller than most others, in the fourth ring. “He displays all the foretold signs.”
I saw,” Dean said, brow furrowed. “There were flashes, just silhouettes and a dark room, pretty, uh, pretty nondescript.” He swallowed. “I know I heard a voice. A twisted, almost…
“Submissive?” Ketch blurted.
“He does not have to look at me.”
“Of course, with the disintegration of the Council, the planet is now struggling to unite under a new Chancellor.”
with how they thought he should be coping with things. Sam prompting Ellen to assign Castiel as his handler was a direct testament to that.
“I always thought they looked like puppies,” Castiel said.
It may have been a trick of the light, but it looked as if Castiel was clenching his jaw. “Zachariah is much older than I am; several centuries at least. I am not an infant, but I do still have time to acquire. Zachariah did not have such a prestigious position at so young an age. My status is illogical. It vexes him.
looking around,” Dean spat in the general direction of the captain. “And I’m not an idiot, I was plotting out the traps, it wasn’t like I was just gonna
“Well?” Doctor Singer asked, his hand leaving Castiel’s back.
Every single controversial action Dean Winchester took went
Cas nearly betrayed another smile. “I apologize for that experience.”
I am also in massive shock to realize that I wrote a fix-it vignette for Dean's impalement with an iron rod months before it actually happened. It was a little sickening to see that actually happen on screen. Like, of all the vignettes to end up prophetic, why did it have to be that one? At least Cas healed him in mine.
Castiel had turned away mid-sentence. “Mister Winchester, I am in the middle of a radial scope, and I must focus. And please remember my name is Castiel, not Cas.”
“You disagree?”
“We have to run,” he said. “
“Yes. Yes, I did. I wasn’t really referring to situations involving a worldwide pandemic, though.”
He winced then,
“That was a lot of blood in the corridor,” Castiel remarked.
“Castiel, what the hell is she talking about?” Dean asked.
Baby could wait. His new routine did have some perks — like Cas making breakfast.
Dean adjusted his tricorder strap, having yet to form any muscle memory with the equipment, and bumped his shoulder into Castiel’s from behind. The Seraph glanced at him like he was carrying disease.
chapel was somewhat small, with plain pews and humble dressings, adaptable for nearly all variances of organized faith. Or in Sam’s case, unorganized. It reminded him of the
“Hey, hey, hey, don’t cry, I just — I’m just teasing you, man,” Dean said affectionately. “Look, I’ll, uh… I’ll teach you the ‘f’ word. Dad will never know.”
“You understand that sacrifices have to be made,” Naomi said slowly. “The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few, or the one.”
Crowley squinted. “The prophecy of the Last Battlefield is a rather ancient belief. Dates back to the origins of Lucifer’s legends. Castiel hasn’t told you?”
“How far?” Ellen asked.
“Let me in,” Sam said over the intercom.
Dean’s cheeseburger was an inch from his lips when Sam spoke again.
Dean shrugged. “I sure as hell don’t know what woulda prompted ‘em.”
He did not mean for this to happen. Still, he will not cry.
to direct his eyes anywhere but into the eyes of The Face, who is laughing at him because they can see it, the pain, and it’s exactly what they want from him. And so he looks at The Face because there is nowhere else to look and inside he feels something, like his essence, if he still has any, just wasting away, decaying. Sometimes he wonders — not for long, wondering is not easy — if his eyes have been broken as well. They seem to leave his eyes alone, but he wonders — his memory has been — sometimes he thinks—
“Whatever.” She spat. She turned to Dean, Sam, and Castiel, the anger draining from her face.  She had dark, sad eyes and viciously tilted brows — two features that managed to cancel each other out and render her rather approachable-looking, especially by Klingon standards.
The trail of blood ended at the foot of a biobed surrounded by four medical officers, bent over what must be the recovered body. Castiel could not see much above the legs from his position, and the legs did not look good. The room smelled of offal and disinfectant. He approached the biobed, leaving Ash pale and shaky by the door, but he was intercepted halfway there by a brunette woman in captain’s green.
“What?” Sam asked.
Jo groaned, muttering several minor profanities under her breath as she marched toward the door, and whipped her head around to bid adieu to the team. When she caught Dean’s eye, she laughed. “I sneak away on one harmless little mission, and you’re gonna punish me and not my enablers?”
Dean’s pupils were blown large, gaping black circles in a tiny ring of green. Those eyes bored into Castiel’s as if they could see nothing else.
Of all the ordeals they’d undergone today, Sam reflected, it seemed rather fitting he was to blame for Dean getting sick. As soon as the Sick Bay doors had opened, Bobby asked
“Okay, I accept, too.”
“Dean has not reported any specific vivid memories,” Castiel said. He thought of a half-dead body soaking a biobed with crimson, of a splintered arm, of the nonsense words and sobbing babble spewing out of the victim’s chapped and bleeding lips. He glanced at Dean. His arms were crossed and his lips pouty. “I do not need to read his mind to verify that he’s telling the truth.”
Castiel fell back on his haunches and blinked by way of response.
— and Dean replied in kind — ‘
Jo continued smirking at Chuck suspiciously long enough to make everyone else uncomfortable, too.
“My job is to—”
Charlie spun on Dean. “Okay, if it likes
“Eh, shut up,” Dean said. “The alley was for cover, the sensors worked perfectly, and if you hadn’t dropped your weapon we’d have been killed on sight. So you’re welcome. Kev, we got Ketch, Sam, and a Seraph looking for us. We’ll be fine.”
Thank you all so so so much for reading this. It's a great ball of fun for me and I hope it is for others as well.
” Ruby beamed, practically drooling.
Castiel stepped down, allowing the engineer to lead him toward the hallway while the other officer turned off the transporter machine. The transporter room was slick with puddles of blood. Castiel’s boots stuck slightly as he lifted them from the floor.
you back in the field. That’s why she tossed you on a harmless little mission to get your head in the game.”
“What?” Castiel blinked a millisecond later.
Chapter Two teaser:
“Goodnight, Mom.” This would be enough for now. “Love you.”
Naomi smiled a smile not unlike Zachariah’s. “Indeed.” Her smile fell. “As it stands, Lilith is not a major threat to us, and rather a threat to the safety of your officers. Crowley believes he is doing us a grand favor, and we will let him go on believing that. At least his involvement may help protect your officers and allow our Seals to be returned that much quicker.”
"STARFLEET" vs. "FEDERATION"
“Apologies if I have interrupted something,” Castiel added, hesitating only slightly. He nodded to the ambassador. “Chuck of Shurlion.”
right?!”
“‘Kay, help yourself,” Dean caved. Castiel latched onto Dean’s leg very gently, pulling his pant leg from his boot to make contact with his skin. Dean looked away, the skin tingling beneath the Seraph’s palm and the wound pulsing hotly, until the hand retreated and he could roll his foot around again.
“He passed out just moments ago,” Castiel explained. “He was incoherent. I fear he may grow violent if it happens again. I advise we end it now before it worsens—”
“Yeah,” Sam said.
mandate. He finally drew closer and lowered himself into the chair by the bed. Dean recognized something that he’d started noticing over the past few days — the longer you got Castiel talking in a one-on-one conversation, the looser his mannequin body became.
That night Dean slept like a baby. Sam dreamt about needles and rooms that could not stop spinning.
Suddenly Dad jerked forward, grabbing Anna by the front of her shirt. Dean jumped. He felt his face crumple and he tried not to cry. Anna’s shirt was yellowish… greenish… like when he got sick in the toilet after eating too many cake pops. Through his tears, he focused on the little patch on Anna’s shirt. Momma had one of those on her red shirt, the one she kept in the closet, that Dean always begged to try on.
“Great. His family just— the Anael incident, that was their mother. Probably knew that, but I’ll give you their files just in case. And— he knows we need you, but it’s going to be hard for him to look at you.”
“Aye, sir?” Sam answered.
noted by Castiel, filed away and documented, simply because (Castiel rationalized) the man was so
Hundreds surround the pyre, their white robes lit by the flames. The good little soldier can’t find his friends’ faces in the circle.
Horror crashed into Sam’s heart like a meteorite.
A mind reading was simple: any Seraph could pull forth the memories of a patient to witness them for themselves, not unlike a projection on a starship viewscreen. A mind
m” — but still. Singing. In his sleep. Like being locked inside for a month with only his brother and best friend wasn’t going to be filled with enough humiliating moments as it was.
“Starfleet Command will adjust accordingly,” Uriel said. “The matter is rather urgent and should be of little inconvenience to your current mission.”
how afraid those cretins are of you? You’re literally all anyone who’s anyone is talking about.”
reason to trust somebody.
,” Sam grunted.
“Dean,” Castiel said, and Dean felt a hand on his shoulder. “We’re isolating ourselves from society, but you and your brother are acting like we’re isolating ourselves from each other. Even I know that’s not the right kind of social distancing for this situation.”
“Too soon to say,” Michael says. “But the Plan is in motion. In eighty solar cycles, the time will come. You know your orders.”
Dean Winchester was awake, sitting upright and appearing completely healthy aside from the cast on his left arm and the recognizable glow of pain medication in his face. At his sides stood his brother, Lt. Commanders Bradbury and Ketch, Lt. Fitzgerald, Ensign Harvelle, and Commander Ash. To crowd so many non-medical personnel into Sick Bay at once was overwhelming, not to mention irresponsible. But the officers’ faces were blissful and Castiel could sense waves of
Dean laughed, and caved.
Before Ellen could react, the Seraph cut in. “Mister Tran is not injured. I healed what little damage he sustained myself.”
Lying to Sam sucked. Because Dean knew Sam never believed him, but Sam would always pretend like he did. And he was very, very bad at pretending.
The sensation nearly knocked him off his feet. As the room swayed and flames of pain rushed through his body, Castiel felt Doctor Singer steady him with a hand behind his back. Castiel set his jaw and breathed through the intense anguish. After the initial shock of it settled, Castiel scanned forward with his Grace. And he found something — not something he could express in Standard, but he could feel its presence. Or its lack of presence. This was more than physical injury, this was a husk of psychological disarray, this was — it was a corruption of the very essence of life, the vibrant spirit that distinguished a sentient creature from a space vessel.
man?” Dean hollered, sitting upright, green eyes wide and mortified.
Castiel looked up from his medical tricorder, the handheld scanning device chirping happily above Kevin’s blabbering about
“It did to me, but I thought it would be pointless, and I was right,” Zachariah said. “I have worked with humans closely — certainly not in such concentration as Castiel — but my position requires me to speak to Starfleet Command on a regular basis. I have therefore learned a few things about getting through to your race.” The pale Seraph looked around the room a bit too eagerly, his eyeballs all but popping out of their sockets. “Eye contact, for one.”
“Suppose he didn’t anticipate our tendency for accidents, though,” Harvelle remarked. “How is that clutz doing, anyway?”
, and Castiel would not mind that so much if he had a scientific explanation as to
As Sam Winchester began to speak of family, Castiel left the room.
not because Castiel was staring at him uninterrupted from beam-down to beam-up. It was because his new diet did not meet his caloric needs and he simply lacked the energy required to be a nuisance.
Castiel thought the humans were pointedly more overwhelmed than he was at his point, but conceded that Singer was correct in that he could be more useful elsewhere at the moment. Healing Dean Winchester was not his only duty; he was the first officer of this starship now. There were many variables to track if he were to protect this assembly.
Quitting was not in Castiel’s nature. This was a fact.
“I hate Lilith,” Ruby sort of confirmed. She tossed Crowley another glare, but it was less seething this time — more just plain tired. “Crowley’s a bitch too, of course, but at least his heart’s in the right place. It’s why I suffer working with him. Looks like he gave you the talk. Why is he on the ground?”
“Yes, for you,” Cas said. That was such a confusing statement Dean didn’t even know how to process it.
“Bit of a headache,” Castiel said.
Crowley threw a look over his shoulder. “They’re fine. They’ll wake up soon.”
Not all Klingons wear chain mail.
Crowley squinted. “Why don’t you ask Castiel?”
intentionally were — to say the least — rather dubious.
Sam swallowed hard. “About... the Rack?”
“Am I dying?” Dean heard himself gasp.
The worst part about being human is probably that need to "talk about it."
“I didn’t want to go because I don’t like to feel bad,” Dean said, trying to focus on Castiel's ridiculously interested expression instead of the tightness in his throat. The first sentence had come out easy, but Dean realized he was about to wade into the territory that staying in his room was meant to help avoid. “They say you have to feel bad to feel good again, work through your trauma or some shit, but if I start going down I just. Keep going down. Okay, this is actually— harder to talk about than I— you probably don’t get it anyway.”
“You guess and you think?” Castiel quoted, finding his tongue in Standard again. He had not intended for the question to come off so (as humans sometimes described it) impolite, but they couldn't afford uncertainties, and were wasting time. Castiel could have singled out the incident by now if Dean weren’t so fickle.
Instead, Alastair smirked. “It is funny,” he said, his words slithering about as if he kept eels in his cheeks, “because you think you are heroes.”
“And how do I know you’re telling the truth?” Ellen asked. “That you’re not covering for being caught red-handed?”
I also feel compelled to mention this now instead of later — if you're wondering why this is already listed as part of a series, it's because once I finish (or abandon, god forbid) this story, I want to write smaller "case" fics set in this same universe. I had a lot of ideas for this story I had to scrap once I settled on a plot, but there's still enough meat that I could write episode-style vignettes. I just love Star Trek so much!
“S’okay, Sammy,” Dean said shakily, cradling Sam’s head in his lap. He brushed his matted hair from his giant forehead, trying to at least cool him down. “You’re fine. It’s not even— not even a scratch.”
“My duty is to assist in resolving the Gehennian conflict to the best of my abilities,” Castiel said. “And it is also my duty to save Dean Winchester.”
. Dean hesitated. “I’m willing to work with you, good attitude, all that. But I have some conditions.” He felt very awkward standing in the open doorway discussing the babysitting rules while his crewmates passed by in the hall behind him. “Can I, uh… come in?”
“Well, he did save our asses,” Sam said.
“Both Elysium and Kronos have their own versions of this prophecy, based on their own interpretations of Lucifer,” Castiel said in a tone reminiscent of audio-documentary files. “It is the only religious doctrine we have in common.” He paused. “However, I am not familiar with it. The prophecy was a subject of great suffering in our past. Only our highest commanders have the clearance to know it now.”
but it’s all better now, really, I don’t even know what it was. I’m sure I’m fine. No biggie.”
— he dug his toe into the rocks, scuffing spastically at the tiny piece of metal, all of his concentration focused into one tiny moment of contact—
before.”
The dwarf planet Gehenna was an ashy little thing, all scat-brown and flesh-reddish, thick with the stench of sulfur and benzene. It suffered from two variations of chronic acne — the pitted patterns of volcanoes and craters, and the pimply constellations of recently-founded industrial cities. Total population: 40,000 untouchables from across the alpha and beta sectors, abandoned by their people forever to serve penance in the infernal dilithium mines.
Dean glowered. What a sincere, sweet,
A blueshirt paused in the hallway to throw the two a confused glance. Dean glowered at her and she moved on immediately.
(See the end of the chapter for
Instead of elaborating, Dean fell back on the bed, covering his face with his arm.
“Oh, God. You won’t believe the stocks right now.”
Klingon blood in his teeth. Entrails slipping through his fingers. Turning the corner and finding some poor bastard flayed to high heaven. Realizing the poor bastard was his brother.
“My name is Castiel,” the Seraph corrected. Dean swiped the tribble away before he even finished his sentence. The tribble squeaked in protest and Dean held it at eye-level.
“You didn’t have to follow his stupid plans,” Charlie said.
“Heal. Your duty is to heal him.”
“My point is it might help if you fake a little bit of emotion. Just out of courtesy. For the grieving.”
strongly implied. “But I wouldn’t be the one to do it. You humiliate yourself like that, you deserve to live with missing nipples.”
Boy, had he told him off. Every past few hours that Castiel had swung by to knock on his door and demand to be let inside, Dean nearly decked him out of principle.
“You and Dean, bad luck?” Jo scoffed through her parched throat. “You’re giving yourself too much credit. We all know this is Dean’s fault.”
"I wish that you were dead so that I could paint your face a different color
Next chapter summary:
“Temper tantrums?” Sam finished.
Castiel sighed. “We aren’t… brothers. Not like you and Lieutenant Winchester. It is different on Elysium. We are a Family, for although we have different parents, we descend from the same Father. We are born, we mate, we die, yet we are all only children. Still, everybody on Elysium is a ‘brother’. It is very… spiritual. The term is far more precise in Enochian.”
“None. He’s been content with what he has,” Crowley said. “However, it’s a shame that mission of yours didn’t go more smoothly. With a solid trade deal on Gehenna, I may have swung him to my side.”
Because there were very few good things left in the hunters’ lives at the moment. And for three guys who consistently were dealt the short end of the stick, that was saying something.
“So you’re a soldier turned scientist? And on top of it all, a church kid?”
“Oh.” He blinked quickly. “I just wanted to. Save. Y’know. Brother. Yeah.”
* * *
” He took another huge bite.
Dean sat up, studying Sam, like he had something to tell him but couldn’t bring himself to say it. Dean did that a lot; glancing at Sam all melodramatic and meaningful before turning away without telling him what the problem was.
“I am not,” Castiel said. “That is quite a peculiar assumption.”
“Castiel,” Naomi repeated. “The details of your mind reading?”
Crowley hummed thoughtfully, and Dean studied him, his stomach twisting itself in knots, waiting for the moment he’d reveal his intentions to be just as hostile as Meg’s.
Harvelle and Castiel nodded.
to Castiel before brushing past him to help Dean to a standing position.
“In that case, you are, as you say, ‘creepy as shit.’”
— but it evidently had no effect on the Klingon.
Would it kill them to bring a damn water bottle on missions every once in a while? After only ten minutes of trudging through the jungle, Dean could barely hear the sound of his phaser over his own exhausted gasps. His thighs were killing him, his feet were sore, and his arm was gonna need even more physical therapy with all this pushing-heavy-leaves-away business.
“Fuckin’ disruptor guns,” Jody griped. When she noticed the new Klingon faces, she plastered on a smile. “Amazing tech, though.”
“I do not waste time I do not have,” Zachariah countered. “But alas, the human attention span is so very brittle.”
“Break time’s over, boys,” Harvelle said. Both officers startled, although Castiel thought he was slightly better at masking his surprise. “Ketch thinks he finally mapped out a decent path.”
WARNING! Torture/noncon briefly rears its ugly head in the first vignette. I have a weak stomach so it's not super explicit, but I did put the graphic depictions of violence warning tag on this story on purpose. There is also lots of fluff in this chapter to balance out the angst.
to be drinking,” Dean said.
* * *
would be much harder to establish and even more essential to getting diplomacy back on the table — particularly with all that Genesis crap floating around again.
He looked so stressed, Dean had to ask: “What does that mean?”
Dean would admit that he was a little offended. He would also admit he probably deserved it after all the times he’d insulted Cas to his face. “If you think I’m creepy, then yes.”
as an eight-year-old, so confident and capable and independent he could have gone off and helped establish a new Federation by now. A better one, probably. This one had its issues. Dean couldn’t afford to think about them.
. For a guy who had been tortured for a month, he could still hold his own like nobody’s business. As Charlie had so graciously pointed out, even before his
“Aren’t you?” Sam asked sourly. Dean had practically gone supernova with excitement when Dad announced they were abandoning their nomadic life on the
“Be more careful,” it ordered darkly. “It is not my job to protect you, and now I am down three workers.”
Castiel opened his eyes.
“Lactose,” Sam reminded him. “Hey. Have you read the news lately?”
“Misusing the Seals alone would be enough to terrorize millions,” Ellen said, her brow furrowing. “Why are they intent on Genesis?”
“Maybe if you boys could manage to keep your shirts on,” Nurse Jody Mills muttered from one bed over where she was busy un-bruising Kevin, “we wouldn’t be so enthusiastic to embarrass you.”
Of course, even if calling him “Cas” might deceive a human, Klingons were apparently able to sense the presence of a Seraph at a mere glance, so…
But it’s not like Castiel had anything better to do, having read every book in the bunker. He had not yet heard all the songs that were being cooked up in Dean’s REM brain.
Even through his chromo-metallic environmental suit (which served more to combat the heat than the atmosphere, which was breathable), the putrid smell of rotten eggs and gasoline was impossible to ignore. Sam wrinkled his nose. The stench was practically visible in the reddish air, as if it was pulsing off the street in waves.
Behind Captain Harvelle, one of the medical officers hurried to retrieve something, leaving a window for Castiel to catch a glimpse of a disfigured shoulder. In the soft din of the beeping K3 monitor and mumble of medical officers, there rose a strange incessant whimpering, a weak voice that babbled a language Castiel could almost understand. It was the voice of the body on the table. Castiel became conscious of his own clenched fist once again, the fingernails digging so fiercely into his palm the entire appendage was going numb.
The pale one smirked with crooked lips, revealing a set of glaringly white teeth. His eyes were held open impossibly wide, as if he couldn't remember how to blink, and they pierced right into Dean’s soul in a way that made him feel alarmingly
there
Ketch pinched the bridge of his nose. “See? This. Right there. That’s why you’re off the bloody squad. You don’t trust me, Dean. And you’re so bloody dense you think every compliment you’re given is backhanded. You outrank me now, idiot. We don’t have to fight over command anymore.”
Sam took a thirty minute shower while Dean went through his third Sick Bay ordeal of the past two days. Sam felt soiled in every sense of the word — soaked through with his own juices and the sticky mud of Vega Prime, splashed with Dean’s vomit, uneasy with the growing weight of intergalactic turmoil, and deeply disturbed by the way Ruby had mooned over him. He violently scrubbed his scalp until he worried his hair might start thinning.
It pawed the ground as it snarled at them, glistening gums pulled back to display all its terrible teeth. The hound's black nose sniffed the air, the huge nostrils flaring, and, apparently deciding they did not smell good, the dog narrowed its crimson eyes at the three officers.
“And… that’s what happened to you when you were the Rosencian queen’s pet Shurlian?” Sam checked slyly.
“You’re tired,” Sam said to Dean. He turned to Castiel, his smile apologetic. “He’s tired.”
taking me up, and not you,” Dean translated. Castiel spared a glance at him. Anger was even easier to identify than fear. Especially on a human like Dean, who could twist his facial features into rather ferocious positions.
A familiar buzz of light permeated the air.
The council cackled at that.
Next chapter summary:
“Call me Crowley.” The Klingon let his gun-toting arm relax at his side and shifted his weight to one leg. His swagger-to-height ratio was ridiculously disproportionate, which somehow made him rather intimidating.
into your macho tradition?” Jo glared, but her smile betrayed her. Kevin, however, nodded violently in answer to the question.
Sam didn’t feel his heart beat again until the guard had turned away.
They were now within beaming distance of the
“Your brother was speaking,” Castiel continued. “I couldn’t help but wonder why you were absent.”
Sam shoved the amulet back into Dean’s hands. “Take it or I’m telling Dad you taught me to say fuck.”
“Ash?” Dean called.
Turn around to ask Sam a question and get a faceful of Cas’s face. Angrily remind him of
He leaned aside elegantly as the gun sailed past, not once breaking eye contact with her.
“No healing.”
“Listen,” she said, “don’t take what Sam said personally.”
,” Dean remarked in disgust.
“Come,” he ordered over his shoulder. “We should alert Captain Harvelle of our intentions to join the away team.”
Dean grunted, feeling a bit like a squashed clump of cells in a petri dish, his stomach churning with his thoughts. He considered spilling to Bobby how he felt about all of this, how everything they were doing to “save” him was just making him more confused, how much more vulnerable
what I’m mad about?” And, in fact, it was, but he had been focused on the other things he was also mad about. Like Mom being dead, and Dad being dead, and Dean not being dead, and all that jazz.
the Seal back?"
“For the Great Father, anything,” Castiel said.
Bobby scoffed. “Yeah, and that’s why she assigned you
“Should I reach out to them?” Kevin asked, but before Ellen could respond, Sam practically jumped in his seat.
“Uh, Captain, they’re locking their transporter beam onto our coordinates—”
Dean made a face again, twisting his upper lip and bobbing his head dramatically.
Castiel’s hand was inching closer of its own accord. “I am fine.”
. The Hellhound had leapt from the jungle, over the bluff, and down to the flat below in a single graceful bound.
Dean opened the fridge and pulled out a beer, assuming Castiel would refuse one if he offered. To his surprise, Castiel took the bottle from him. Dean blinked and reached into the fridge for a beer of his own.
“And Jo. She
“We’ll have a good laugh about this one on the bridge,” Charlie murmured before dropping her head in the display they’d agreed upon earlier, the others going limp as the footsteps drew closer.
Just as the guard moved towards Charlie with the feeding spoon extended, she cried out in sudden pain. The guard froze. When it approached her with the spoon again she
This didn’t feel right. “But
Dean shrugged. “Ain’t nothin’ like the surgical precision of a Singer stitchin’,” he said with a weak chuckle.
“Sam, duck!”
“How about I just tell you what I saw,” Dean said, softer. “I mean, if I do… will you stay out of my head?”
Dean had never suffered from sleep paralysis demons like Sam, but he imagined Castiel's effect was similar.
“So, you gonna elaborate?” Dean said to the science officer.
Ketch wheezed, wiping at his face. "Please stop calling me that."
“Dean’s not
He hated it here, alone in this black vacuum with just Dad and Dean. He hated all the bouncing between beautiful cities and foreign planets and bustling space stations just to come back to this stupid ship every stinking time.
Even if he had not memorized a map of the
Maybe Dad was just stubborn and traumatized.
“Hellhound.”
In retrospect, attempting to court had been a little awkward with Castiel standing directly behind him the entire time, anyway.
, and flinched against Dean’s side, nearly sending them both plunging to the ground.
Castiel paid acute attention to the remainder of the interview. Harvelle retained a serenity that reminded Castiel of his fellow soldiers on Elysium. Sam Winchester was barely cooperative, swearing profusely, insulting the Seraphim, glaring at his hands. The young officer explained in unacceptably vague detail the infiltration of The Rack facilities, and at the end of the interview just barely scraped at his suspicion of deliberate foul play.
“You love it,” Crowley retorted. “She does the dirty work, while I collect. So far, we’ve made a pretty dashing team.”
“I suppose,” Castiel said, “we will not know if our arrangement works until we put it to test in the field.”
Ruby frowned at him. “No, not you, I mean—” she pointed to Sam with absolute astonishment. “You!”
“Sam?” It was Ellen. She was crying. “Sam?”
Sam scrambled to his feet and lunged for Dean again, but Rufus caught him, pulling him back by the arm. Sam tried to shove him off, still watching Dean helplessly —
Sam watched the Seraph leave and, when Ellen began to walk in the opposite direction, he held out a hand to stop her. “Wait. I have a, um, proposal, Captain.”
Oh, yeah. Oops. “My tunic was covered in blood, Kev,” Dean defended, belatedly realizing that didn't explain why he’d forgotten to put on a new one.
Dean opened his mouth to defend his honor and promptly threw up again.
Sam furrowed his brow.
If Castiel had known the flayed body they’d recovered would one day cause him so much bewilderment, he would not have been so enthusiastic to assist in healing it.
“When you said red is your color.”
“You sure?” Doctor Singer asked. “Not that I’m disagreeing with you, but being a Seraph and all, I thought you’d… be more in tune with the overkill alignment when it comes to safety.”
“Pardon my elementary understanding of Seraphim theology,” Ellen began, “but am I correct that these Seals have a function in your worship?”
“Bambi’s mom,” Sam corrected.
“With all due respect, sir, you’re a bitch,” Dean grumbled.
When Castiel fixed his hands, he could sense that Dean Winchester’s palms had once been calloused, arthritic — the mortal vessel is a funny thing; it retains memory independent from the mind within it — but Castiel had taken the liberty of restoring their youth. It was not necessary, but it made holding them more pleasant. He was holding them now, gripping Dean Winchester’s hands and closing his eyes and ardently directing his ever-tiring grace into the man’s slowly-recovering tendons and sinews.
“My whole body is on fire,” Kevin insisted, although his shirtless shivering suggested otherwise. “Captain, please, never send me on one of these things again. I’m basically their chew toy.”
But Crowley simply smiled. “Quite the contrary,” he said. “But as warriors go, I am a progressive. I don’t involve myself in the nitty-gritty.” He paused, cocking an eyebrow. “...Often. I prefer to wage battles behind the scenes, with words and statistics and strategies. If you ever had the inkling, I would gladly battle you in an amicable round of tri-dimensional chess. I do so adore making new friends.”
“Where will you be taking Meg?” Ellen repeated. As she spoke, she reached to remove the Seal off of Dybbuk’s back, not taking her eyes off Crowley. When Crowley did nothing to stop her, she passed the Seal to Castiel, who embraced it like one would a beautiful woman.
“They’re confusing it,” Rufus said. “You good?”
Sam Winchester gasped softly from the other side of the room. Castiel glanced upward. The younger brother sat beside Doctor Singer, the two of them in chairs against the opposite wall, observing. Castiel preferred to heal alone, but the humans remained distrustful, and the younger brother had insisted on being present for this.
I hate giving plot context in the notes because it feels like cheating, so this one is only significant if you know Star Trek well enough to care about the different generations of Klingons.
“I’m not concerned,” Ellen said, so ridiculously calm. Sam tried not to smile.
“Azazel’s death,” Castiel said, stepping away from Dean to stand on his own. “Wanted by Federation authorities as he was, he was still a member of the Klingon High Council. His death skewed their politics into chaos, and factions arose to nominate—”
“Listen to that purr,” the salesman crooned. “It likes you!”
* * *
The guard gripped Kevin’s skinny arms in its tentacles, ogling so intently at the ensign’s lachrymose blubbering that it didn’t notice Charlie beneath it, stretching out for the key, her grasping fingertips coming just shy of the instrument.
“Commander Castiel of Elysium, Fourth Regiment, Warrior of Thursday.” The words sat coldly on Castiel’s tongue.
But just because he understood didn’t mean he liked it one bit.
“I know,” Castiel said, his approaching footsteps and click of the door indicating he had entered the room. “Neither am I.”
“We’re fixing his blood supply, starting on that arm, and then we’re putting him under in a life support canister. Suspends cell activity until we know what’s best for him. Unless you got any helpful tricks up your sleeve.”
Dean shook his head, looking around. Sam was a few feet from him, still lying down, probably orienting himself. Ellen and the others were nowhere to be seen.
The world was falling apart around him.
“Why not?”
Dean blanched. The shift in energy was so electric Castiel could taste it.
emotionally.”
Despite his flat eyes, Sam still refused to admit to his defeat, and took a deep breath.
Sam blinked and swallowed. Perhaps, Dean realized, it was a bit low to pull that card on the one guy who had gone through the most trouble to bring him home.
“Weaker officers?” Dean made to sit up, baring his teeth at the science officer like a poked little rodent, but Bobby pushed him back down. Castiel raised an eyebrow as he observed.
“Okay. Now or never,” Dean whispered, glancing between his crewmates, and was relieved to see them nodding resolutely — even Kevin.
The heat struck like a flood. It was so
The humans seemed to find Sam Winchester a moving speaker, but he unsettled Castiel. He stammered, and he cried. And he breathed very quickly through his mouth.
It reminded Dean of his Academy-era relationships: girlfriends begging him to be more open with them while Dean shriveled at the idea of commitment and vulnerability. But, again, Castiel was just
Same old, same old.
The turbolift hissed open. All bridge hands turned to see two almost-human men, both bald, both in crisp black formals, waltz in as if they owned the place.
“I assume there is a compromise on my end as well,” Castiel said.
He shrugged. “They didn’t tell me.” He didn’t seem to be the least bit affected by this revelation.
“Good guys, huh?” She glanced at Castiel for confirmation.
,” Dean said, and sucked his teeth disapprovingly. “Your mother is going to be so mad at you.”
And then after Gehenna.
Dean was quiet.
“Yeah. We only broke my face,” Kevin griped.
“By all means, mojo away.”
“Sam! It’s me, goddammit!”
“Charmed,” Sam forced out, frowning.
Zachariah was moving on to another point he’d learned about humans — some strange quip about the peculiar human culture of a handshake as a greeting and the sexual implications of hand holding on Elysium — but Ellen silenced him.
“Well, we got a Seraph backing us up,” Dean said. Even in Castiel’s shadow, the helmsman’s face seemed rather well-lit. “So I don’t think we got much to worry about.”
“And besides,” Chuck continued, “Shurlion wants nothing to do with the project anymore. We offered supplies ages ago and that was all.”
Another ear-splitting howl cut him off. That one was
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tomorrow,” she conceded. The human sigh of relief behind Castiel almost assuaged the ache in his chest as well. He balled up his fists on the table so he could not watch his fingers tremble. “Tomorrow we will save Dean Winchester.”
and one exasperated
“Dean!” Sam yelled. He was fast, but he’d never reach him in time. The security officers pulled out their phasers, firing at the giant dog, and Dean tried to push their arms down —
Castiel pulled himself out of the hole, but hesitated.
“Naomi told us you would be pretty taxed,” Harvelle said. “But, uh. Job well done, Castiel. We’re endlessly grateful, really. Don’t know what we’d do without you. Wanna finally meet your star patient? You know, face-to-face instead of… mind-to-mind, or whatever.”
Dean cocked his head when he noticed something in the sheets.
Mister President
“Yes, but there is only so much I can do,” Castiel said.
She was as pallid as the other humans, but her mouth was set firm and her eyes pierced Castiel’s with intelligent clarity. Her voice remained steady, but the astonishing speed at which words rushed from her mouth betrayed her distress.
“Yeah, 'nice'. Whatever.” Dean thought maybe he could still go without these discussions for a while longer. Maybe it was a good thing Castiel was chained to him and not Sam. Dean’s shoulders relaxed. His “whatever” ended up more sincere than he had intended it to be.
She collected herself, but remained awfully close to Sam’s side, eyeing him proudly. “He’s so cool,” she muttered, like a leaky faucet.
“As a planet, yes, and part of my job is calming that down,” Chuck said. “Of course, it was in our best interest to dabble with the Federation before any individual planets. We have always had a policy of neutrality. The Federation offers protection.”
Temporarily shocked, Dean curled forward as far as he could with his hands chained over his head, valiantly attempting to laugh against his lungs’ failure to inflate. The guard seized the opportunity to shovel a spoonful of slimy gruel into his mouth. It tasted like Earth’s oysters yet the texture was that of wet kinetic sand. Dean
the humidity finally cracked through the humans’ resolve.
This is what happened.
“But what?” Sam asked. Dean stared moodily by way of response and Sam scoffed. “You’re smart enough. You figure it out.”
Chuck chewed his meatloaf for a moment as he thought it over. “The Klingons have some admirable qualities, but their hygiene leaves much to be desired,” he said. “Starfleet would be my natural inclination, as Terran culture is very similar to that of Shurlion. But…” Chuck nodded like he was making a decision. “I have to admit the Seraphim are the most resilient of the three.”
“I’m awesome. I haven’t had this much fun since those hot chicks on Triskelion beat the shit out of us. Y’know, the whips and the shock collars? Remember that?” Dean beamed, giving Sam a playful whack on the shoulder to assure him of his physical well-being.
Dean stared at the wolfish creature in horror. He knew quite a bit about Hellhounds, but he didn’t think they could, you know,
Dean flushed. “What are you looking at me for?”
Harvelle, I am done,” Dean said. Jo’s response was a protruding tongue.
Ash was found kneeling in a pool of fronds, pawing at the mud, Ellen and Sam standing a few steps behind him. Jody and Ketch appeared out of the chaparral just seconds after Dean arrived.
to get it.”
Before Dean knew it, he was smiling again. “You’re getting funny, man. That’s dangerous. Think I’m rubbing off on you.”
A Klingon wrote that, and he was right.”
Sam had lowered his phaser to be trained on the ground instead of Crowley. Dean, however, was still too confused to relax.
“Who has stolen the Seals?” Castiel asked. Dean wasn’t sure if
Once freed, Dean’s chest rushed with joy as he caught the Rosencian off-guard with a sharp kick. After four hours of hanging around, he felt a little bit like a marionette doll, his limbs clumsy and prickling with their whacked-out blood flow, but the adrenaline of
“Yeah, ah, first of all, no mind readings,” Dean said.
while Captain Harvelle was occupied in meetings between Federation and Klingon officials, assisting in Gehenna-related conflict negotiations, and healing the rescued torture victim.
“The queen actually secretes twice as much tenticular fluid as her subjects,” the Shurlian ambassador Chuck said through a mouthful of synthetic meatloaf. “It’s less efficient in battle, which I guess works out since she’s the queen, but it makes her… charms… sufficiently more potent. She’s too sticky for one of her pets to escape from, and too slimy for one to willingly stay.”
“Zachariah, Uriel,” Ellen interjected. “This Seraphim family reunion is certainly welcome, but my point remains that our hailing frequencies were wide open. Had you asked to beam over, we would have honored the request.”
of what Dean knew about them.
“Just for the time being,” Bobby said, softer. “You were touch-and-go for awhile, kid. We’re not gonna risk losing all that progress.”
Castiel moved his hand. A brief glow shone between the flesh of Castiel’s palm and Sam’s leg and — it was miraculous, but Dean couldn’t stomach it. Instead, he watched a look of pain contort the Seraph’s features and a wave of relief wash over Sam’s.
Grab Seal. Beam up. Return the ugly box to Zachariah.
When he finished talking, Cas was still holding the photo. He blinked and handed it back to Dean.
