"No, I can't," Steve answered. He gripped Tony's hands even tighter, as if he was afraid they would be ripped away from him. "It's just a feeling that I have, one that I've had for awhile now. At first I thought it would be okay if we just had Bucky and Sam watch over him for us, but now… I thought about this during my entire patrol this afternoon, and I'm—I would just feel a lot better if Peter was away from the hospital. He's just way too vulnerable in that room all by himself."
"Oh yeah?" said Tattooed Guy, his skin the color of those silver pokey things the alien had been using earlier on Doctor Strange. "Well, what if we don't feel like being polite!"
"I dunno. Hopefully soon, though," Peter answered. "Since the last time was pretty normal I'm hoping for sooner rather than later."
"Like the fact that I was cut off from any widow's compensation after my husband's death," answered Grandma. "I just told Steven that I needed to work, and that was it. And he never questioned it. I'd been working his whole life, so he was used to it and just accepted it as normal."
"Yeah, must be a Stark thing," Peter said, holding up his camera. "You mind if I get a few pictures? I already took some of Papa."
It didn't hurt that Steve had made sure to keep the kitchen stocked with plenty of easy-to-snack-on-but-still-healthy foods, mostly made by his—and Peter's—own hands.
Natasha frowns, her lips pursing as she pats Steve gently on his good shoulder.  “Well… if it’s any consolation,
"Shh," Tony said as he trailed his fingers across Steve's full lips. "Steve, I've been stuck living in my father's house my whole life, so this—" he glanced quickly around the room, also noticing that Steve had hung a few of what looked like his own drawings on the walls. "This… this is perfect.
"Yeah, I could see that," Steve said with a chuckle. Peter's love for any kind of amusement park seemed to be only second to his love for Legos and chemistry.
, Steve thought as he twisted onto the plain, ducking his head as he brought his knees up to his chest. He had chosen to wear one of his regular uniforms before the team left for Wakanda, thinking that he would be more comfortable, but was now regretting that decision. While his nanite uniform wasn't exactly armour like Tony's, it was definitely more resistant to teeth and claws than the uniform he was wearing.
"Dad, look out!" Peter screamed as he took off running, jumping towards Thanos and capturing his left hand with a web, pulling against the gauntlet with all of his strength. "You're just nothing but a big huge bully! Why don't you pick on someone your own size?"
"Uh huh," Peter said softly, his throat tight with tears he was trying to contain. He hadn't wanted to say anything, mainly because there wasn't anything that Papa could do about it, but the fact that he could still remember bits and pieces of his drug-induced dreams where Dad was dead haunted him. Aldrich Killian had forced all three of them to believe that one or the other was dead while they were being held captive down in Miami, but only Peter was able to retain those memories after they were given the antidote. No one knew exactly why his mind refused to let go of those horrible images, other than the fact that he was a child and had been given an earlier version of the drug before, back in Afghanistan.
There will be a time jump in the next chapter where we will be introduced to Tony, Peter, and Steve. :)
"Can you tell me what's going on?" she asked, so tender and full of concern that Peter had to forcibly hold his tears back. "Or I guess, what else is going on?"
Natasha let out a heavy sigh as she got to her feet. "Well… maybe you'll change your mind once your hands are healed up, so… just take it easy for awhile, okay? I'll come back and see ya later."
"You're such a damn terrible liar, Rogers," Tony said, matching Steve's smirk. "You're lucky I love you."
So far, Bruce was optimistic that Tony would make a full recovery, and Steve was clinging to that optimism with everything in him. Bruce had explained to Steve that the damage to Tony's kidneys, liver, and heart was temporary, and that once they had taken care of his severe dehydration and muscle wasting due to hunger and low oxygen, his cardiac enzymes and serum electrolyte levels would slowly return to normal.
"Very funny, Flash," Gwen said, scowling at the older boy. "Besides, there's nothing wrong with looking young, as I'm sure Captain America would agree."
"Pete, you gotta stop that, buddy, your hands are all busted up!" Tony cried, cursing his son's super-strength when Peter nearly threw him off of him. He was finally able to wrap Peter in his arms, gasping in horror as he looked down and saw Steve pinned in place by the still-thickening ice, his striking blue eyes radiating such immense terror that Tony's heart nearly stopped.
Uncle Thor shook his head, sniffing as he took a huge bite of one of his sandwiches. "No, no, Young Starkson, although I do promise to visit from time to time. My people and I have decided to settle in an area of your planet that you call Norway."
Tony's eyebrows twitched, his expression vacillating between rage and anguish. "Bruce? Everything okay out there?"
Giving up on trying to get comfortable, Tony heaved himself up from the chair and plunked down onto the freezing cold floor instead, leaning back against the bulkhead. Then he tapped his nanite case, closing his eyes as the armour slowly formed across his body. The nanites, like him, were tired, so low on power that they probably only had one or two suit-ups left in them before they would be completely dead.
"You know Mr Harrington's gonna be gushing all over your dads once we get there," Ned said as he finished his milk, crushing the carton in his hand. "I kinda feel bad for them."
"Oh, dear gods," Tony rasped, his knees nearly buckling at the sight of their sweet, beloved son lying there, as pale and as still as death itself, his long eyelashes resting against his round cheeks and his skinny chest rising and falling with the measured breaths from the ventilator parked next to the head of the bed. Tears rolled down Tony's face as he reached a trembling hand towards Peter's forehead, brushing his downy-soft curls away. "Oh, my poor sweet boy, I'm so sorry. This isn't—I never wanted any of this to happen."
"Yeah she is," Peter said rapidly. "I mean… yeah, she is. She… um… invited me to her house for dinner tomorrow, but—"
A soft pink flush crept up Gwen's cheeks as she smiled. "Well… I tend to remember things that are important. But seriously. If everything that your dad's been through already hasn't killed him, then I doubt his heart's going to all of a sudden give way on him." She gave Peter's hand a squeeze. "And, pardon me for saying, but it seems like you've been under just as much stress as him since school started, and I'm sure your heart's just fine too."
"There," he whispered as he leaned back against his pillows. He had been barely able to jump up and reach that branch before he'd gotten too sick to play outside anymore, which meant it was probably a bit less crooked now than it had been since he was no longer messing with it.
A challenge that Steve had readily accepted.  His ongoing mission during the war had always been to rid the world of HYDRA, and now, seventy years later, he and his team were more than ready to see it through.  He, with Tony’s help, had already commandeered all of the intelligence from his former bunker prison, including a complete copy of HYDRA’s New Order Manifesto that had been left behind by none other than Arnim Zola himself.
Steve smiled softly, holding out his hand towards his husband. "A little less grumpy," he murmured as he took Tony into his arms. "I suppose that's better than nothing. And he's sleeping okay now?"
As long as he would be able to present his new proposal to the military leaders before Peter's condition worsened any further, everything should be fine. Tony had checked and rechecked his arguments a million times and he knew the proposal was sound, with absolutely zero margin for error, so unless the military had completely lost its collective mind—which wasn't entirely out of the question—they would have no choice but to accept it.
I can’t wait to see what you think!  Please don’t forget to hit the kudos button and leave me a comment!  💖
"Oh yeah," Peter said. "My dad always says that I'm a really good judge of people. Well… except for my grandpa, I guess. But… I haven't told him that you've been coming to visit me 'cause I didn't wanna upset him. He already feels so bad that he can't get here more often, so—"
"Papa's got you, little guy, I've got you," Image Steve said. He cradled his boy in his arms as Tony skidded to a halt behind them, his helmet retracting as his armoured arms pulled them both against his chest.
And never with Dad.  Dad has never liked swimming, probably because he’s too afraid for people to see him without a shirt on.
"Um… what—what're you doing?" Quill protested as Peter and Dad headed towards the ship, Dad's hand protectively on Peter's shoulder. "Now hold on just a minute! I didn't say you could use my ship!"
"Oh fuck, Steve, you're so good," Tony moaned, hoarse and raw, with each word accented by the quick pants of breath that meant he was getting close. "So fucking good, baby, you're too good to me."
“Good.”  Reaching into his top desk drawer, Obie pulled out one of his hateful cigars, along with a pure silver, double-bladed guillotine.  Tony’s stomach churned as he watched Obie expertly clip off the end of the cigar and stick it between his teeth, reaching into his jacket pocket for his gold-plated lighter.
Sucking in a deep, shuddering breath, Tony swiped at his teary eyes and pushed himself up to his feet, tugging Steve’s dog tags out from under his shirt so he could better see them.
"You know not everyone believes it though, right?" said Gwen. "You should've heard my father ranting when he saw the first news story. It really wasn't pretty."
Which actually wasn't even much of a lie. Thanks to his spider DNA, in large enough quantities peppermint could even kill him.
Peter scoffed, rolling his eyes. "No, they said the car has to stay up at the Compound until I turn eighteen," he grumbled. "So I'll only get to drive it on the weekends."
He was cut off as he felt the ship suddenly move, hurtling through the vastness of space at a velocity that it really had no business moving at, angel propulsion or not. Tony thought he heard a noise of surprise from somewhere in the back, but couldn't be sure as the ship passed what appeared to be rings of Saturn, then the red seas of Jupiter before Earth suddenly appeared in the window, just hanging there in space, right where he'd left it.
But Peter only groaned, his head flopping against Bucky's chest. "So tired! Please, no more! Just wanna sleep! Wanna go into the nothing!"
Finally done with his teeth, Peter shuffled back to his room, burrowing down into his papa's old blankets as Grandma adjusted his IV lines and helped him take a couple sips of water.
Tony thought. He didn't remember the Chitauri tech including glass that wasn't glass, so what the hell else could it be?
"That's 'cause your father's not like any other billionaire, right, little guy?" Steve asked, ruffling Peter's hair. "You think you could pour the chicken broth into our big stockpot for me while I take Dad his tea?"
Steve carefully rearranged himself on the bed before taking the bag from Tony's hand and setting it down. "No, you're not fine, and it's also okay that you're not." He held out his arms, which Tony didn't hesitate for a second to crawl into, curling into Steve with his head on his chest.
"Yes, sir," answered JARVIS. "In fact, the gentleman is requesting permission to return to his regular size, so as to make the proper introductions. He has offered his word that he means no harm to any person or property on the premises."
tell me what happened now?" he begged, grabbing onto Steve's hand. Having to go almost two entire days without being able to properly hold Steve's hands had been so difficult for Tony it was ridiculous, and he was very much looking forward to making up for it.
"You know what? I think I will." Steve shot Peter a wink as he readied his pencil, grinning when Peter leaned over to watch. He had never enjoyed it when people watched him while he drew, but with Peter he found that he didn't mind at all.
"You mean her gossip club, right?" Gwen asked as they made their way towards their homeroom classroom. "'Cause I swear all your mom seems to do there is talk about people."
"God, you're insatiable," Tony breathed, slipping his hands under the waistband of Steve's loose pyjama pants to grip his deliciously firm ass. "How'd I get so damn lucky?"
If only he knew better what to expect. During the war, Steve had known exactly who his enemy was and where they were hiding, and so only had to come up with good ways to beat them.
"You got it, honey." Tony sucked in a deep breath as the ramp whirred open to reveal King T'Challa standing about five metres away from the jet. He was surrounded by six tall, bald women dressed in red armour and carrying spears, behind which stood a line of taller, broad-shouldered men bearing golden chest plates, their spears tipped with slightly broader points.
He trailed off, hoping Carol would understand the reference. Steve and Carol had found themselves in a similar situation on a patrol a couple of years back, flying one of the predecessors to the X-300 series. A Meridian aircraft had suddenly appeared directly in front of Steve, as if staring him down, with Carol appearing to back off until the very last second, when she abruptly shifted from behind him and swerved above it, taking it out with her guns.
Steve smiled slightly as he nodded, slipping his hand around Tony's waist and pressing their foreheads together. "Home. That sounds great."
"Cap? Bucky? You guys okay?" Sam said as he landed a few metres away, his wings folding themselves back into his Falcon pack as he trotted towards them.
"Oh, I really didn't," replied Sam, chuckling. "But that doesn't mean I'm not looking forward to that trip to Italy. Never been there, but heard it's pretty nice."
Tears welled in Steve's beautiful eyes, and he raised his shaking left hand, bruised and bloodied across the knuckles and only partially covered by a torn fingerless glove.
"Then why don't you try and get some more sleep, and I'll see you when I get back, hmm?" Steve asked, flashing that million-credit smile that never failed to cause Tony's heart to flutter.
"I've been ready!" Bucky answered as he shot another war dog right between its eyes, sending its flaming body skidding across the plain. "Let's get these bastards!"
"Yeah, 'cause we got caught with our goddamn pants down! Again!" Tony snapped. He bit down on his bottom lip, hard enough to make Steve wince. "Jesus, Steve, how could I have let this hap—"
Steve's jaw tightened at the mention of Peter's former nanny. "I can't say that's a bad thing since she ended up being tied to HYDRA," he muttered. "And you told me that Peter always preferred you anyway, right?"
"And we are in test-mode, right J?" Tony asked, licking his lips. Despite the circumstances, he was almost as excited as he'd been when he'd built his very first suit.
As soon as the waitress was gone, Steve clapped Sam on the shoulder, kicking himself that he couldn't seem to come up with anything to say that didn't sound obnoxious or trite. Normally he was quite good with words, so good that many of his teammates had taken to teasing him about it, but apparently this was not one of those days. As a test pilot flying experimental aircraft, the possibility of losing a teammate was something that weighed heavily on Steve's mind every single time the wheels of his aircraft lifted off from the runway. Experimental aircrafts were by their very nature unpredictable, and every pilot who flew them understood the risks—and glory, there was plenty of that as well—that came with it.
Or, at least not practically every single night. It was almost like they'd still just gotten married or something with the way they were with each other. Even Ned and Gwen had pointed it out after watching the two of them interact, and that had been tamed down considerably.
As he slides into the wall after his second backstroke lap, Peter grabs onto the gutter and tugs his goggles off, waiting to see if Mr Rogers will ask anything else of him.
Knowing that Tony never got much of that from his own father—or any, really, based on what Tony and Peter have told him—makes it even more precious.
And as long as that mission went okay, then it would hopefully only be a few more weeks before the real Project Phoenix mission would begin. As long as JARVIS was good and the pilots didn't mess anything up during the trial, the only limiting factor would be Dad building the container for the tesseract, and he had told Peter the last time he'd visited that he was planning to get started on it within the next week or so.
"Oh, he was," said Bucky. "And more than a bit smug, if I do say so." He shook his head at Steve's quizzical look. "It's just an inside joke, no big deal."
Gamora shuddered, wiping a tear from her cheek as she shook her head. "Why?" she asked. "It's not like he's ever coming back here. He succeeded in his plan, the plan he spent years perfecting, and we both know where he's now gone."
"Yes, I know you don't," Steve said softly as he curled his arms around Tony's waist. "And I know you're not upset with me personally, but that doesn't mean I'm not still worried about you."
"All right, all right," Steve said as he checked the clock again. He had already been away from Peter longer than he felt comfortable with, and he could tell by Tony's non-stop fidgeting that he was antsy to return as well. "So that accounts for the Reality Stone, the Space Stone, and the Soul Stone. Thor, what about the rest?"
"Yeah, I know," Steve said sadly. "If we stick to the base it should be okay. I mean, we are technically working together."
“Yeah, let’s hope so,” he says softly.  Then he clears his throat, reassuming his “Captain’s voice”, as Peter likes to call it.  “All right.  As soon as you guys have flushed out the last of the soldiers, then head back to the jet and wait for us.  Do not follow us into the building until I give you the all-clear.  Understood?”
"Um, I honestly don't know," Peter said. "But I'm guessing if he doesn't already, he'll learn to now."
And, even worse, he just couldn't seem to formulate a way out of it. Couldn't seem to coerce his mind into doing anything except worry himself nearly sick over Tony.
“All right, bud, here we are,” Dad says as he parks the car in the Visitor’s lot.  “The lady I talked to this morning says we’re supposed to meet this guy on the third floor of the Athletics building.”
Peter's head snapped up as something clicked inside his mind, a half-remembered thought that he couldn't quite place, but had a feeling it meant something important.
Nine days of going round and round with more lawyers, government officials, military officials, and reporters than Tony ever cared to know existed, all while trying to subsist on less than a handful of hours of sleep and trying to keep a semi-brave face for Peter, his brave boy who was so worried sick for his papa that he could barely function, but could still deliver a three-minute off-the-cuff competition speech that knocked the socks off of every single judge
“All right, sweetheart,” Steve whispers.  He swallows down his fear that either he or Tony might not wake up again, choosing to retain at least some of the “giddy optimism” that Tony mentioned back in the beginning.
Hitting the 'Stop' button, Tony slumped back against the bulkhead, squeezing his eyes closed as the armour flowed back into its case. Then he crossed his arms, wrapping Quill's massive shirt as tightly around him as he could, wishing with all of his might that it was Steve's instead.
"He is my adoptive father," Gamora said softly. "He destroyed half the people on my planet when I was a child, killed both my parents, and then took me away with him as recompense."
Following Steve into the massive bathroom, Tony couldn't help but glance longingly at the elevated bathtub tucked over in the far corner, just sitting there unused.
"See you tomorrow?" Gwen asked as they headed towards Chief Stacy's patrol car, which was parked next to Papa's truck.
Tony huffed out a sharp breath, squeezing his eyes closed. He honestly had no idea what to say to Peter, which was one of the main reasons why he'd so far chosen to say nothing.
"Yeah, well, you stay close to me, understand?" Dad said. "I wanna be able to see you at all times, no matter what else is going on."
But he wasn't. He and Peter were somewhere out there in space, no doubt engaged in their very own battle for the Time Stone.
"I don't think experience really matters here, Stevie," said Bucky. "If you know, you know. It's really that simple. You might wanna mention it to your ma one of these days though."
"Nope, you know that's not gonna work on me, honey," Tony interrupted, gently but firmly. "You can't be mother hen-ing everyone else and then forget to take care of your own stuff, right?"
"I know you're still here, mo grá," he whispered. "I know because I can see you. I can hear your heart beating, and taste the salt on your skin, and smell the shampoo in your hair. And I can feel your beautiful body against mine."
Steve shakes his head as he studies his apple juice bottle.  “Nat, there’s really nothing to tell.  Yes, I thought he was handsome, but… I—I just don't think that—”
Peter's eyebrows shot up behind his hair. "M-mantis… used to work for your father? Who was a planet?"
He should’ve known that Natasha would be waiting for him, ready to pounce with her twenty questions on how his meeting with the Starks went yesterday afternoon.
A split second later Tony's repulsor fired, which finally caused the crack to open about a third of a metre, just barely wide enough for Steve to fit through.
"Honey," Tony whimpered, his teeth caught around his lush bottom lip. He was already close. "I'm—I need—I need—"
"Yes, that's exactly what I'm saying," stated Phillips, far too calmly for Tony's taste. "Our leaders and Meridia's leaders are one in the same, because the so-called Meridian government is nothing but a bunch of puppets doing O'Brien's bidding. It's all just been one big show to keep both the Langaran and Meridian citizens under constant war."
"All right," Peter said as he finished setting up the new laptop, nearly doubling his memory capacity and processing speed. Cracking his knuckles, he proceeded to upload the new JARVIS override that he had finished writing during his Government class earlier that day, adding a couple of finishing touches to the coding to make sure that it couldn't be traced.
After a few fits and starts, Steve and the remaining members of the United States Military command had come to a sort of understanding. While the President was still alive, he had lost not only his wife of more than forty years and two of his three children, but also a good amount of his Cabinet and support staff, forcing him to try and piece back together a semi-stable working government all while dealing with a badly shocked and grieving people. So far, Steve had been quite impressed with the President's composure, a sentiment he had personally passed on following a speech earlier in the day.
He heard Papa chuckle at his blatant attempt to change the subject. "As far as I know, yes, he and Bruce have been in the lab for most of the day. They even ran out of coffee at one point."
"That was only one time, brother!" she said. "When are you ever going to let it go?" Then she turned to Peter, gesturing towards the far end of the banquet table. "Come with me and I'll tell you all about it."
"Ah. So, is Thor still there at the Tower too?" Uncle Thor had been Ned's favourite Avengers team member ever since the Battle of New York, and he proudly carried the paper that Uncle Thor had autographed for him after that battle pretty much everywhere.
It was something that she would do. Unlike some of the other nurses, Ms Sharon had always treated him well.
"He should," he finally said, low and so thick with emotion that Peter's own throat tightened. "Тони should hate me. I killed his ma. I destroyed your home. I almost killed Стиви, and you, and…" He broke off, shaking his head sadly. "Vivorum memini nec possum oblivisci mortuorum."
"Yeah, and we know all of 'em," added Tony. He grabbed the stuffed polar bear he'd snuck out of Peter's room, scratching it behind its fuzzy ears. He'd been doing that a lot in the last few months, fiddling with Peter's toys while he tried to work, and even more so in the twenty-four hours since Scott Lang showed up on their doorstep.
“Ahh, do me a favour and move all the files for the pharmaceutical printer onto my private server, yeah?  Anything regarding its design, manufacture, and where they’re going.”
"No!" Peter shrieked, causing Gwen's eyes to go wide. That was the absolute last thing Peter needed at the moment. "I mean, my dads, they're already on their way. I called them, and… yeah. They're on their way, but… um… is it okay if we go and wait for them on the steps or something, 'cause I'm still a bit—"
"Pete's got Sam and Bucky there with him, and as soon as Rhodey landed he hightailed it over there with three more soldiers to stand guard outside the house," said Tony. "So they should be good. Rhodey told me he's gonna rotate the soldiers every six hours so they don't get too tired."
"Yeah, but the aircraft are only a small part of what I need," muttered Tony. He pinched the bridge of his nose, trying to push back the fatigue headache he'd been nursing for the last three days.
"No, he had to go back to his home yesterday afternoon," answered Peter. "He's the King of Asgard now, so he needed to get back."
"Peter," Papa said sternly, or as sternly as he could with his ragged, pain-laced voice. "You shouldn't be here by yourself."
"No, the vibranium cores don't burn out like the palladium ones, so that's not the issue. It's just mainly about the pilots. With only three pilots we're looking at a mission that's gonna last at least three days, where with six it'd only last about—"
"Uhh, yeah, that—that makes sense," Scott said, nodding rapidly. "Um… good thing I brought the suit with."
Tony had just put on his own glasses and was about to press the button when he paused, remembering Steve's warning about possible triggers.
Steve blinked. He had heard O'Brien use that term before, in one of his televised speeches way back when he was still a boy around Peter's age. Something about how the Air Corps was developing technology in order to create an army of "perfect soldiers" with which to take on the Meridians after suffering a series of rather embarrassing defeats. Steve supposed that O'Brien had meant the speech to convey an element of protection and hope to a country filled with frightened civilians, but now it almost seemed more like a threat, and a shiver raced down Steve's spine at the thought of who else might've been in line to get the serum.
"Yeah, I don't see how it could be anyone else," agreed Tony. He scrubbed his palm down his face, slumping back into his pillows. "Which probably means that I'm gonna have to put a halt on the damn convoys until I can re-vet all the personnel, which means—"
But since he didn't really feel like having to patch up yet another hole in the penthouse, he had managed, at least so far, to control his temper.
"Yep," said Quill. "He's wearing 'em in some big, fancy golden glove on his left hand, like they're his trophies or something."
"Yeah," Dad said as he gave Steve's leg a playful kick. "The big hotshot pilot's all excited to go where no one has gone before, hmm?"
"Is the line secure, J?" Tony asked as he set down the pair of glasses he'd been working with and rubbed at his temples. He'd managed to keep the headache that'd been plaguing him ever since the night before to a dull minimum since he and Rhodey arrived in D.C., but it was still there, just simmering beneath the surface, and no amount of coffee seemed to be able to quash it.
"Damn, you have such a pretty ass, baby," Tony whispered as Steve broke away, throwing his head back as Tony rocked up against him. "I mean, not that the rest of you isn't perfect too, but
"None of us have been the same, Miss Stacy," Tony said as he knelt down next to the distraught girl, gently retrieving the computer. "But your father is right, you need to be getting home now. Okay?"
“All right, on second thought, I’m not sure this is all that helpful,” Tony said a few minutes later, after about the umpteenth photo.  He scrubbed his palm down his face, tapping his chin.
As if he were on automatic pilot Steve took one step, then another, emboldened by the look in Tony's eyes as they locked with his own, followed directly by the biggest smile Steve had ever seen lighting up his beautiful face. As soon as he was within reach, Steve reached for Tony's hands, clasping them as tightly as he dared as Tony shot him a wink.
"It wasn't arrogance, honey," Tony said. "At the time you had no reason to think that Zola would do what he did, or that anyone besides the goddamn Nazis would be stupid enough to buy into HYDRA's philosophy. Hell, not even Hitler knew exactly what HYDRA was doing."
"So, you feel like telling me what got you so freaked out earlier this morning?" Tony asked as he popped a stray slice of pepper into his mouth. Steve's fork, which had been halfway to his mouth, froze in midair, which Tony immediately noticed.
"Have a good day, little guy," Steve said as Peter climbed out of the truck. "We'll see you this afternoon."
"And I am definitely hooked on the Stark charm," Steve murmured. He cupped Tony's cheek in his hand, pressing a light kiss to his lips even as his entire body was begging for more. As the afternoon had stretched into evening, Steve had found it more and more difficult to keep his hands to himself, and he was to the point now of trying to come up with a polite yet firm way to suggest to their guests that they should all start taking their leave. He needed to get his husband up to bed.
The television was still on in the living room when they got home, a sharp slap in the face compared to the last couple hours of relative peace that he and Tony had just shared. Steve's heart skittered as he turned his back to the screen, winding his arms around Tony's shoulders and pulling him into a tight hug.
Sam's lower lip started to shake, his dark eyes filling with tears. "He's—he's in surgery," he whispered. "The docs… well… they think that he might—that he's probably gonna lose his arm. That beam, whatever the hell it was, it blasted right through his aircraft and—and it got—it got his whole left side, but his arm took the brunt, so… the docs said that they'll know more once they get in there and see the full extent of the damage, but… right now it's not looking too good."
The man laughed again, an almost cartoon-like cackle that raised all of the hair on Tony's neck, causing a shiver to race down his spine and Steve to look down at him in alarm.
"Uh huh," Peter said, wincing slightly as Grandma fixed a slight wrinkle in the knot. "Sounds good."
"No, he's sure as hell not," said Bucky. "But maybe this'll finally force him to tell us what the hell the space missions are for."
"Huh?" said Papa, his eyebrows wrinkling behind his goofy glasses. "You two know that you tend to speak in code sometimes, right?"
"Yes, I am, Stark," said Dr Strange. He looked down at the rather odd, oval-shaped pendant that was hanging around his neck, pressing a button at the top. Then he crossed his arms in front of it, contorting his fingers as he drew them slowly apart to reveal a glowing green stone hidden inside the pendant.
"Стиви," Bucky said. "We're all worried about Птер too, and we're workin' as fast as we can. But Наталия is right, this isn't something we can rush. If we pick the wrong phrase when we're trying to decrypt we risk losing the entire file, and then we're back at square one."
“Yes,” Steve managed to whisper.  He pressed his lips to Tony’s one final time before pulling back.  “Yes, I really want that.”
“Good afternoon, Mr Stark,” the bespectacled Chairman in the poorly-tailored suit said as he popped onto the screen.  “So, what do you have for us today?”
would've taught you better than that. Because you see, the more proper way to have answered would have been, 'good morning'. Or rather, 'good afternoon', if you want to be more specific. And, if I do say so, I think I have the right to be a little sore after you completely trashed my billion-dollar prototype! I mean, was that really necessary?"
"Ah, yep," said Clint. "Got me and another agent in about ten seconds flat, then got Selvig before we split."
"I'll make sure that she's careful, Captain," Stacy said as Gwen carefully took Peter's hand. "She just wanted to check on him for a bit."
“That is correct, Master Peter.  However, Special Forces operate under a different set of rules from the regular Army squadrons, and are therefore not included in discussions involving official military presence.”
"Tall, blond, blue eyes, broad shoulders, and the sweetest 'aw shucks' smile that you could possibly imagine," said Tony. "You know, the kind of guy who could probably get anyone he wanted. And he's a helluva good pilot too, at least from what I've seen."
Tony's head tipped forward, thudding against Steve's collarbone as his hands slid up Steve's back. "I probably do, but
Tony let out a groan once the screen went black, rubbing at his aching temples. While he couldn't be upset that Barton and Nat wanted to celebrate the twins' graduation, all it did was add to the stress he'd been carrying around ever since—
And he very much hoped it would still remain so after he confessed to him the real purpose behind the Phoenix mission. Tony had made a promise to Peter that he would tell Steve the whole story that evening, and there was no way he was going to break that promise. He only wished that the gnawing fear deep in the pit of his stomach would just go away already. The thought that he was literally going to ask one of the people that he loved most in the entire world to essentially sacrifice himself to save the other person that he loved most in the entire world weighed on Tony's mind like a massive anvil, threatening to squash him completely if he couldn't keep it balanced just so.
Peter squeezed his eyes closed, rapidly shaking his head. "No, I-I'm okay, just really c-cold. Could you please make my room a bit warmer?"
T'Challa smiled, shaking his head. "My father may have been an isolationist, but he also taught me a very important lesson, which is to not listen to what people say, but to watch what they do. And what I have seen from you and your team, Captain, has proven to me that you are trustworthy."
A sort of uneasy silence fell over the team as Steve and Tony exchanged loaded glances. From what Steve had seen in the parallel universe, Peter had had every intention of fighting with them in the battle, and he couldn't imagine that their own son would be any different.
"Already on it, sir," JARVIS replied. Tony barely had a chance to get his helmet back in place and tuck Steve close before the suit took off towards the main building, with Tony clinging so tightly to Steve's slippery body that he could already see bruises forming beneath his pale skin.
Careful to avoid jostling any of Peter's wires and tubes, Tony and Steve settled in on either side of him, both of their arms draped across his stomach. Not surprisingly, Steve was out in a matter of minutes, with his face smooshed into the pillow exactly like he slept back at home. Tony's heart ached as he smoothed Steve's hair back from his forehead, trailing his fingertips down his cheek to his strong jaw.
Peter gulped as he looked down at his long, piano-player fingers that reminded Tony so much of his own mother. It still saddened him from time to time that Maria Stark never had the chance to meet Peter, because Tony had no doubt that she would've adored him. Aunt Peggy had done her best to fill in for that grandmotherly role, at least until her mind got too far gone for her to remember him, but it still wasn't the same.
Peter shook his head, gulping down more water. "No, no, I figured it out! Whoever did this wasn't only after Papa, they were after Phoenix too! Without JARVIS, no one in Langara can control the satellites, which means—"
"Ladies and gentlemen, you are right now in this classroom because you are in the top one percent of all Air Corps aviators. You are the elite, the best of the best. But, as I'm certain that you're all aware of by now, our great nation cannot afford to just sit comfortably on the fact that you are the best of the best because we must always be striving to be better." Colonel Phillips grimaced, as though he'd just tasted something unpleasant. "On that note, we do, on occasion, call in certain civilians who we have found to have a particular knack for predicting the trajectory of the enemy, both technology-wise and strategy-wise, and this right here just happens to be one of those civilians." He paused then, clearing his throat as he indicated the man standing next to him. "Ladies and gentlemen, this is your instructor, Mr Anthony Stark."
"Um, I'm really sorry to interrupt, Mr Stark, but I think I might've found something else here," Gwen cut in from her spot on the floor. She turned the computer around, pointing to several lines of code. "It looks like Peter wrote this during school today."
"All right. And what about you, Buck?" Steve asked as he clapped a hand on Bucky's right shoulder. "You still okay with all this?"
"You sure? I'm sure we could find a few plebes roaming around that wouldn't mind a little three-on-three?" said Bucky, eyeing Steve suspiciously. "You seem like you still have plenty of steam to let off."
“You doing okay, hon?” Tony asked as Steve turned onto the final street, searching for a place to park.
"That's a pretty diplomatic response for someone who could be completely justified in hating the man's very name," O'Brien said with a rather sinister smile. "Very noble of you, Captain. Not that I would expect anything less, of course, but it is still quite admirable."
"Oh sweet Jesus," Tony breathed, tears of relief stinging his eyes. "Then get him the hell out of there, okay? Helen and Bruce should be arriving in a chopper anytime now, and—"
Even so, Steve was rather proud at how well he’d managed to keep himself together in those harrowing seconds between Peter informing him that his father was on his way, and when Stark
Peter sheepishly shook his head. "Not really. This is pretty much the first time I've even talked with a girl where they weren't looking at me like I smelled funny."
He’d also managed to make it so far without having to add anything to his list, a feat that he considered miraculous given how nervous he was.
It was 825pm when the lights dimmed and the music slowed to a ballad. Peter gulped as Gwen gave his arm a light tug, relieved when he noticed Betty hurrying towards Ned from across the gym. At least they would get one slow dance in before he had to leave.
It was almost exactly how he had carried Peter to their rescue helicopter back in Afghanistan six years ago, after he'd saved Peter's life, and it hit Tony almost as hard this time as it did then.
"Well, I'm sure I helped him a bit when I almost died after I was born," Peter said around a mouthful of garlic bread. "Which is why the neonatal intensive care unit at Mount Sinai has a Stark wing now."
"It's all right, Clint," Steve said softly as Bruce guided Thor onto the jet, sitting him down on the opposite bench. Steve's eyes flicked between Clint and his distraught son as Natasha took her place on Pietro's opposite side. "You… just stay with your family. James and I can fly the jet."
Tony shrugged.  “Pete was doing some research for school and asked me about it.  And since I hadn’t heard anything, I thought I’d ask you.”
“Pretty sure you’ve just proved who the asshole is, mister,” said Carol.  She yanked hard on Obie’s arm.  “Now, c’mon.  You’ve got a jail cell to meet, and James and I have plans for later.”
"Sounds good." Steve held out his arm, which Tony eagerly took as they headed out of the room and back up to the main floor, nearly running headlong into Nick Fury as they stepped off the elevator.
And as always, I can’t wait to see what you think!  Please don’t forget to hit that kudos button and leave me a comment!  💖
"Oh," Steve said, allowing himself a genuine smile. Of course Tony would already be thinking of something like that. "That'll hopefully be better press for us than another destroyed building."
"Now, look, Cap, I'm not saying that you'd have to make every single game. The Mets have all sorts of different season ticket packages, so there's plenty to choose from," Sam said as they rounded a corner on the main running trail that surrounded Central Park. It was a near picture-perfect spring day, with the air crisp but not too cool and the sun shining brightly off the Reservoir, but that also meant that it was absolutely packed with runners, joggers, and walkers, requiring Steve and Sam to dodge various groups and individuals as they completed their laps.
"Tony, I'm pretty sure that Nick didn't know anything about HYDRA being responsible for that bombing," Uncle Bruce said carefully. "I don't think he would've deliberately put Prince T'Challa in harm's way like that, and especially if he's trying to court him as an ally."
"Oh," Peter said, wincing as a loud thudding noise sounded from one of the bedrooms of the two-story walkup Gwen called home. A second later there was a piercing shriek accompanied by a shouted, "I didn't do anything!" followed immediately by a, "Yeah you did, don't lie!" Gwen, Peter had found out earlier that day, was the oldest of four children, with three younger brothers.
"The resulting shockwave would likely shatter every single window within a five-block radius, sir," said JARVIS.
"It's funny you should say that, little guy," Steve cut in as he suddenly appeared in the garage. Tony's heart fluttered at the sight of him, looking like the poster boy of hotness in his Air Corps uniform and his wire-rimmed, aviator sunglasses. He'd just come straight from a meeting with the president and his Air Corps staff, and obviously had some good news, if the wide smile on his beautiful face was any indication.
"Don't think those guys really care about local law enforcement there, Sam," said Clint. "But you're at least right about Bucky. Pretty sure Peter has him wrapped around his little finger."
"Eh, I can see why it'd be attractive," said Tony. "I know one of the things that Pete misses the most is being able to play outside. I'm sure one of the first things he'll do after his surgery and recovery is try to climb up a tree."
“Well, he’s definitely smarter than me,” Tony said.  He locked eyes with Steve, trying to ignore the bolt of heat that raced down his spine.
And judging by the way Steve's jaw was sharp enough to cut through vibranium, he had realised the exact same thing.
"About ten inches shorter and over eighty pounds lighter," Steve answered. "But it wasn't just my appearance that changed. My metabolism got four times faster, my reflexes improved, even my memory got better."
"Sam, focus your fire on the left flank!" James called as he came up on the thing's right side. "Take it out!"
"Oh, so you're not much older than me," Peter said. He sucked in a deep breath, contemplating his next question. "Have you been here a long time?"
"Aahh, I need—I wanted to ask you something," she said, yanking so hard on her ponytail that Peter winced. "Um… my mom told me that I should invite you over for dinner sometime, she wants—she and my dad both wanna meet you, so… would you wanna come… sometime?"
"Oh, honey," Tony whispered as he opened his arms, drawing Steve close, his fingers slipping underneath the hem of his t-shirt to ghost across the skin of his lower back right above his waistline. Steve shivered at the light touch, burying his nose into Tony's thick hair and breathing in.
"Steve—baby," Tony stammered, moaning as Steve sucked a mark into his pulse point, a spot that would definitely show in the morning.
"Papa!" he cried as Dad pushed him over to his bed. Peter immediately reached for him, relieved when Papa pulled him into a careful hug.
"Okay, so, I really think we need to run through the plan again, Steve," said Colonel Rhodes. "Just so we're all clear."
"Yes, sir," answered JARVIS. "Since the actual mission will be much longer than the trial, Master Peter has implemented several new protocols to ensure that the new go/no-go points will be accurate based on atmospheric conditions and other such parameters."
"Exactly what it sounds like," replied Bucky. He poked his head over the metal divider, resting his chin on it. "When was the last time you went on a date, anyway?"
"Oh no," Peter croaked as he tried to push himself up, rubbing at his eyes. "Why do you have to leave, didn't you just get here?"
And the worst part of it was, Peter had honestly no idea how he was going to be able to tell his dads about what he'd found. There was no way he could keep something that big a secret, not when all of their personal human liberties were at stake, but
He still couldn't help but notice, though, that while Rogers' expression still contained a measure of poorly-concealed suspicion, he at least wasn't shooting rockets out of his eyes anymore.
Tony's lower lip shook as he took a small sip of his coffee. "You were right, I was looking over the data from SHIELD last night. And from what I've been able to figure out, it's—it's coming, Steve. That Chitauri army that I saw out in space, that massive ship that I blew up with the missile, somehow it's coming back. Whatever the hell that was that happened over Wakanda, the energy signature was the same as the energy weapons used by the Chitauri in the Battle of New York, so… they're coming back. And this time, they're not gonna stop."
He should've guessed that everything would start going to shit as soon as Steve took off. With absolutely no indications that anything was out of the ordinary, Tony had suspected that O'Brien and his lackeys were hoping to lure everyone into a false sense of security before bombarding them with everything they could throw at them as soon as all the pilots were airborne. The fact that O'Brien had even attempted to make it look like it was Meridia who was causing all the trouble was almost funny, since Tony now knew that there was no goddamn way anyone could've gotten a hold of his X-302 design unless someone had specifically given it to the enemy.
Which was apparently the right decision when Steve smiled, holding up his hand in a semi-wave.  “You do the same, little guy,” he said.  “Thanks for coming in.”
"The Iron Legion, Mr Stark. Forgive me, but it just seems odd that someone who had shut down the weapons manufacturing aspect of his company would be able to produce what amounted to at least two dozen of these flying armoured suits."
"We are indeed, Captain," said JARVIS. "The first satellite deployment will occur in exactly three minutes and thirty-five seconds from my mark. Mark."
"I don't—I don't know. I've done—they've made me do so many terrible things. I've—I've hurt so many people… made them see their worst fears as if they were happening. If I were to ever go out there everyone would be afraid of me, so I don't think—"
Bruce blinked, shaking his head. "Okay, but none of this is based on some TV show, this is actually based in reality. Well, at least some kind of reality." He took off his glasses, pinching the bridge of his nose. "After I landed inside Dr Strange's sanctum and told him and Wong what had happened on Thanos' ship, they explained a bit about the stones and the sanctum itself. And apparently, the person, or wizard, I guess, who'd been in charge of the place before Dr Strange got there had had some experience with travelling between universes."
"Yeah, yeah." Still running calculations through his head—all the better to avoid thinking about the fact that in about an hour Peter was going to be riding to his field trip on a goddamn
Squeezing his eyes closed, Steve inhaled a deep, shuddering breath, trying to calm his thundering heart. He could still taste the saltwater on his tongue, still feel the searing pain shooting throughout his body from the skyrocketing water pressure.
"Well, maybe it should," Dad snapped. "Maybe I should just tell them that I'm not gonna cooperate anymore and see what they think about that."
"Nope, none of that kinda talk now," Steve said with a frown. "You're an amazing father, Tony, and I know it because I see it with my own eyes every single day. Peter's so lucky to have you."
"I'm so glad you've finally realised that there's nothing more we can do for him," she had said. "It'll be much better for the boy to die at home with his loved ones than be here by himself."
Tony let out a frustrated groan. "No, nothing since they left. I mean, I know there's no such thing as warp speed, despite all of the television evidence to the contrary, but I would've thought we would've heard something by now. It's been almost two weeks."
Grandma sighed, her eyes flicking up to the wall next to Peter, and the huge Air Corps poster that hung there. It was a picture of the first of the X-series of aircraft, the X-101. The very same aircraft that Papa's papa had flown.
"And how did you go about doing that, exactly?" asked Tony, crossing his arms. "I thought your stupid Air Corps anti-gossip rule was supposed to prevent that kind of thing?"
"Mmm," grumbled Steve. Sam was right, as much as he hated to admit it. Steve had always disliked dumping his problems on people. His ma had always been too exhausted and overworked for Steve to want to burden her even more, and since Bucky had been the source of many of Steve's issues growing up, Steve hadn't ever grown used to confiding in him either.
"What do you suggest?" he finally asked. "You—you know him better than I do, so… I'll go along with whatever you want to tell him."
“Uh huh,” Peter replies softly.  He cracks one eye open, eyeing Tony warily.  “You too, okay?  You talk about me getting enough sleep, when you never do.”
And Tony was so, so grateful for Sam. Like Rhodey had been for Tony all those years ago, and still was on occasion, Sam was a beacon for Steve, helping him navigate through the troubled waters of years and years of suppressed trauma.
"And you think this guy will be able to fix it?" Tony asked. If Steve was never able to run again… well… Tony didn't want to have to think about that at the moment.
Tony loved him, Steve knew that without a doubt.  But even with how familiar with each other they now were, it was still sometimes difficult for Steve to be specific when it came to sex.
Because, as Tony had pointed out, getting up there was fairly easy. It was the coming back down that was the tricky part.
"I'm still here, honey," he said once he finished with Steve's abdomen and chest. His pale skin was almost covered with huge black and purple bruises, only increasing Tony's desire to personally strangle every single piece of HYDRA scum that had ever dared to lay a finger on his family.
"But you can't," said Peter. "And that's not your fault either, Papa. It's just… how it is." It didn't help that Wanda still felt the need to apologise to Peter—and Papa and Dad as well—nearly every single time that they saw each other. It wasn't her fault that HYDRA had captured her and Pietro and experimented on them, like they had with Peter. Forcing her to imbed those awful visions into Papa's and Peter's minds had just been a part of her torture.
Tony tried to hold off his impending climax, if only because he wanted Steve to let go with him. But the torturously sweet combination of Steve's cock thrusting inside him and Steve's nimble fingers curled around his own was too much for him to handle, and he cried out as he came, gasping and shuddering and still clinging to Steve's neck with their foreheads pressed tightly together. Steve followed only a second or two later, his face twisted into such exquisite pleasure that an aftershock rippled through Tony's body that was almost as strong as his orgasm.
“Pete, there are some things going on here that you just don't understand, okay?” Tony said.  “Things that I’ve gotta deal with first before we can—”
"Hey, sweetheart," he said, with only the slightest hint of a wobble. Tony could tell that his teeth were still chattering, which he chose to take as a good sign. "How're you holding up?"
Sucking in a deep breath, Tony adjusted his goggles and readied the blowtorch, muttering a, "Here goes nothing" before attempting to ignite it. To his surprise, it lit on the very first try.
"Did you hear that they're gonna hold a dance for the freshman and sophomores?" Gwen asked once she pulled back. "It's the night before the regular prom, the first Friday in June."
"Down in the real world we're faced with ugly choices," the robotic voice responded, raising all the hair on Tony's arms. "And this was one of them."
"Colonel Phillips said that you got two degrees while you were there?" Steve asked, selecting an orange from the pile of fruit. "And you did that in only four years?"
After washing his hands and smoothing out his hair as best as he could, Peter followed the sound of overlapping voices into the dining room, where Mrs Stacy was just setting down the last of the serving dishes.
"Well… I guess—I guess you can't," Howard finally said with a shrug. "I guess you're just gonna have to trust me."
"Yeah, yeah, sure," muttered Clint. "Just so long as you keep all your clothes on, yeah?" He pointed his completed arrow towards Steve's tablet. "We good to go?"
"Steve? C'mon, honey, talk to me!" Tony said frantically, patting Steve's cheek as his helmet retracted. He quickly brushed Steve's sopping wet hair from his eyes before draping his upper body over his arm, pounding his palm against Steve's back. Steve sputtered with each blow, finally coughing up at least two litres of water. "That's it, honey, I've got you. Get it all out."
"Yes, except Thanos is stronger than Ego, and especially with the stones," said Mr Clean. "The four of us were barely able to withstand the power of the Power Stone."
"Is that how you felt running your company for all those years?" Steve asked gently. "Like you were trapped?"
"Quite well, sir," answered JARVIS. "I have not currently found any flaws in Master Peter's design."
And it wasn't that Tony didn't trust JARVIS's calculations. He was only trying to be extra careful. An out-of-control Hulk may not be quite as big of a threat as an invasion from space, but it still ranked up there near the top of things that Tony really didn't want to have to deal with. So if his caution just happened to tip the slightest way into paranoia, well, since he was currently the only person in the penthouse, then at least there were no witnesses present who could call him out on it.
“I don't doubt that for a second,” Mr Rogers says.  He attempts another smile, his fingers tapping anxiously on the tabletop.  “My fee is one hundred dollars a week, paid every four weeks.  We’ll try it for one month and reevaluate after that.  Practises will be Monday through Friday for two hours a day, and once I feel Peter is ready, I’ll schedule him to participate in a meet, which are held on weekends.  Does four o’clock work all right for the two of you?”
He was cut off by his husband's fingers curling around his arm. "Tony, this isn't getting us anywhere," Steve said. He sucked in a deep breath, turning to Fury. "What exactly does this mean, Director?"
"Aren't you gonna try and sleep, Papa?" he asked after a short pause. He knew Dad had been up pacing the hallways again the night before, and that Papa had joined him at some point, so he had to be just as tired.
Tony gulped, his eyes glassy as he nodded, and he reached for Steve's ass as Steve slowly pushed inside him. He paused once he was completely sheathed inside, breathing in a few deep breaths and taking in the incredible sight, smell, and feel of his beloved. It was as though he and Tony had been made for each other, how well they fit together, and for Steve, who once thought he would never get to experience something as incredible as this, the first few seconds were always a bit overwhelming.
And, since cinnamon was not only a good germ fighter but also tasted good when mixed with honey, it made the perfect choice for Tony as well.
“Tony!” Papa suddenly gasped, all the colour draining from his cheeks as his entire body went as stiff as a steel beam.  “Oh God, Tony, this is—this is—!”
Actually, on second thought, if the recent nightmares he'd been having were any indication, then maybe not. Waking up shivering with his sheets drenched in sweat after dreaming that his body was falling apart like a dry leaf was
"If I may, Mr Chairman, Captain," said Davis, leaning forward against the table. "I do have one more question that I believe to be of relevance."
"Yeah, if you can call twenty metres tall just 'big'," Peter said as he leapt from a huge pile of attack dog carcasses, landing about five metres behind one of the Gamorrean guard aliens. As soon as Peter's feet touched the ground, he launched two webs at the thing's head, yanking him down with one hard tug.
startled Steve, and he looked down at his right hand to find that he had broken his pencil into about five different pieces, all clutched so tightly in his white-knuckled fist that bits of the wood and lead had already embedded themselves into his skin. Slowly, he uncurled his fist, allowing the broken pencil shards to fall to the floor as Tony quietly asked JARVIS to mute the television.
"Your eyes are one of the first things I ever noticed about you, when I first saw your picture in your SHIELD file," added Steve. "You and Peter both. I remember thinking, how could such a handsome, wealthy, and successful man have such sad, troubled eyes?"
Steve nodded as Carol and Sam stepped into the classroom, followed by a few more pilots that Steve recognised from the other patrol shifts. He made small talk for a few minutes, smiling as one of the pilots showed off pictures of his new baby daughter until Colonel Phillips and another man entered the room and everyone immediately shot to their feet, standing at attention.
“I am unsure, Master Peter,” answered JARVIS.  “Based on what that document seems to be implying, it appears that a secret fringe division of Stark Industries was responsible for the creation of bullets that explode just after impact.”
It wasn't even the thought of standing up to Obie that scared him.  That wasn't even in Tony’s top ten of the things he feared most.
Steve had also lost three teammates that day, the highest daily loss of aircraft and pilots that Langara had seen on a single shift in years, so it wasn't until a week or so later that Steve had realised the aircraft had been almost an exact replica of his own. At the time he'd just brushed it off to chance—aircraft design did have its limitations, after all—but now he was certain that it hadn't been chance at all.
"Ah, sure," Bruce said with a frown. "Except that since I'm not a complete sci-fi geek like you guys, I'm just gonna assume that we're all talking about the same thing here. Which means using the Quantum Realm as a way to search for one of the two universes where the outcome is a victory."
"Basically," Tony said gently. He slipped his hands around Steve's waist, ghosting his fingertips just above his waistband. "JARVIS'll find something, honey. We still have about seven weeks before this guy gets inaugurated, so—"
“Jesus Christ, when isn't it urgent,” Tony muttered, scowling.  “Go ahead and put him through, Miss Potts, and then you're free to leave.”
Tony's upper lip curled into a sneer behind his mask. "Yeah, he does. He's a real peacock, that one."
Tony bit his bottom lip. "Worst-case is whoever this is builds up an entire army of the suits and then uses them as an alternative to Project Insight."
Peter shook his head as he took his seat, tugging his hoodie sleeves down over his cold hands. "I'm just tired, Ned, sorry. It was kind of a busy day at my house yesterday."
The bell rang then, indicating the end of the lunch period. Peter quickly shoved the rest of his orange slices into his mouth as he gathered up his backpack and tray and followed Ned out of the lunchroom, heading towards their History class.
"Always," Peter said, tossing his jacket onto the pile and hoping that the kitchen was far away from the music.
Dad audibly gulped.  “When it came time to start assembling the pharmaceutical printers, I had JARVIS change over the assembly line for the rifles.  But before I did that, JARVIS told me that we had a bunch of extras just sitting around in the warehouse, and that it had been Obie who had ordered their assembly.”
"Mr Stark, it's good to see you, sir," he said, shifting the tablet and holding out his hand. Tony attempted a smile as he took it, his eyes sweeping across the well-dressed scientist. With his dark hair and brown eyes Beck didn't look all that much like Killian, but there still seemed to be something about him, some smarminess that made Tony uneasy, and he suddenly found himself wishing that he had agreed to let Pepper sit in on the meeting after all.
"Very well, transport will arrive in approximately eight minutes," said the dispatcher. "Please have the patient ready."
"Eh, I don't mind as long as I keep getting new suits out of the deal," Rhodey said with a wink. "Give Peter a hug for me, yeah?"
Or maybe he had noticed and had simply chosen to ignore it, not wanting to delve any deeper in the inequality of it all since he'd finally gotten what he'd always wanted.
into the water, there would've been no way that HYDRA would've been able to take cover under SHIELD's umbrella, biding its time until it could reemerge and wreak havoc on the world. Steve would've discovered them, if not right away then eventually. And he would have stopped them.
"She… uh… my mom tried, I think," Tony said quietly. "But her life didn't end up going at all the way that she'd planned, and… I don't think she ever adapted very well to her new reality, ya know?"
"Yeah, well, apparently Pete could visualise it," Tony muttered. He scrubbed a palm down his face, his heart already thudding a staccato beat against his ribcage. "All right. What's yours and Nat's ETA?"
Peter's belly gave a hard swoop when Wanda shook her head, holding up the device. "I need to find my brother first. I just—I took this from our lead scientist's things, and if I'm discovered—"
Tony settled into the driver's seat, starting the car as Happy climbed into the lead car with Clint, Natasha, and Rhodey, with Sam chauffeuring Bucky, Bruce, and Thor in the middle of their caravan.
Tony said, sounding just as wrecked as Steve.  He began rocking his hips forward, pulling moans from them both.  “Holy shit, Steve, I’m not gonna last long.”
“Sure,” Steve said as a wide smile spread across his lips, revealing a dimple in his right cheek that just about caused Tony to swoon.  “I—I’ll come to dinner.”
Steve frowned, wishing he'd thought to tell JARVIS not to say anything. "That's okay, JARVIS, but please tell Peter that he can't come in here. I don't want him exposed to anything until—"
Which, Steve realised, it likely did. As much as Steve couldn't imagine how horrible it would be to lose a spouse, he figured it had to be even worse to face the prospect of losing your child.
For a moment, Tony could only gape in awe at the absolutely beautiful man standing in front of him, unable to even form words. After their wedding, Tony had had the studio remodeled to add more windows for the natural light that Steve preferred, and the afternoon sun was streaming through those very windows now, highlighting the lighter strands in Steve's blond hair like a halo and causing his intense blue eyes—with the tiny hint of green—to appear even more striking than usual. The fact that his hands and arms were covered in various multicoloured paint smudges only added to the overall effect.
"Yep," Tony said, rather sharply. If Carol had already heard that meant that Rhodey probably had as well, which was just fucking
"I will see what I can do, Captain," T'Challa said. "But, if I may, I do believe I am already aware of the theory your friend here is about to postulate."
"I'll talk to Fury about it," said Tony. "He may not have eyes and ears everywhere like he used to, but his net is still pretty wide. I'm sure he could find a way to track Beck without being obvious. Beck's got a pretty specific skill set, so he'll most likely try and go to a competitor, especially if he thinks he has some inside knowledge of my company that would make him valuable."
"Tony, it's almost three in the morning," Steve said. "It can wait until after we bring Peter to school."
Peter deserved far better than to have to grow up under the putrid shadow of Howard Stark, like he'd been forced to do.
Steve shook his head. "I thought about it, but I'm thinking no for this time. I think I'd prefer it just be the three of us."
could’ve prepared him for the sight of Tony Stark, one of the richest men in the entire world, stepping into his tiny little bookstore dressed in a  decades-old rock band t-shirt and a simple pair of jeans, and then clapping Peter on the shoulder like he was just a normal father happy to see his son at the end of the day.
“My dear Captain Rogers,” he said, still chuckling.  “Surely you don't honestly believe that Dr Erskine wanted his work to die with you?”
“Yeah.  Didn't I just say something about that?” Dad says, his lips twitching in their usual ‘I-told-you-so’ way.  “C’mon, bud.  There’s a sporting goods store right on the way to the place.”
"Well, at least it wasn't long enough to need another feeding tube," Tony said. "And Helen said you hit your head pretty hard, so—"
"Both, in a way," answered Gamora. "Ego was a god, and we destroyed his planet, which then destroyed him."
"Okay, let me ask you this one time," said Dr Strange, his golden shield thingy held firmly in his right hand, which was shaking slightly. "What master do you serve?"
"Honestly, if it hadn't been for Pete that probably would've been it for you," Tony admitted. "Although if it hadn't been for Pete then the whole basis for the argument wouldn't've happened in the first place, but anyway… I don't have a lot of experience with relationships, Steve. I'm pretty sure my longest one before you was maybe only a few weeks, and that was so long ago that I hardly remember it. My mom and dad barely spoke to each other once Howard got released from prison, and—and I guess once I got a bit older I just figured it was too much work to try and constantly make someone else happy that I never bothered with it."
having your good buddy the Army general there give away the troop movements to those very same insurgents so they would know exactly when and who to target!  Now, I know you're probably gonna say that there’s no way any of this could be true because there’s no proof, right?  That the math just doesn't add up?”  Tony held out his hand behind him, smirking slightly when Rhodey handed him the papers.  “Well, Obie, you know damn well that my math’s never wrong, which means we have all the proof that we need to not only take down you, but your buddy the general as well.”
"Yeah," Peter stated as he slid his arm into the contraption up to his elbow. "Okay, okay. I'm ready."
Tears stung Peter's eyes as he studied Gwen's beautiful face, etched in concern. "You—you don't know everything that happened down there," he whispered. "I never told you, 'cause—'cause I didn't wanna scare you, but—"
"Yeah, but how did you get here, exactly?" asked Bruce. "I mean, JARVIS would've warned us if a ship was trying to land, so—"
Fear hit Tony like a sledgehammer, and he curled his hand around his left forearm, squeezing it against the burning pain. He and Steve had been afraid something like this would happen, but they had both just sort of pushed it off to deal with later, not wanting to have to think about it too much.
"Yeah, he's breathing," Steve answered, watching Peter's chest as it rose and fell with his shallow, gurgling breaths. "But he's not—he won't wake up, Tony—he won't—he's not waking up, and—"
look so goddamn cute that Tony had to fight the strong urge to pull the car over. "I think first I'd like to take him fishing."
I can’t wait to see what you think!  Please don’t forget to hit the kudos button and leave me a comment!  💖
"Thank you," said Stacy. He gathered up his hat and coat, glancing back at his sleeping daughter. "You know, Captain, Mr Stark, if I were a normal father, this is where I would tell you to tell your boy to stay the hell away from my daughter, since she can't seem to escape the weird and dangerous incidents that follow your family around like a lost puppy. And I'm not ashamed to tell you both that that very thought has crossed my mind more than once. But since I'm apparently not a normal father, as Gwen has seen the need to remind me on multiple occasions over the years, that means I've come to the conclusion that even if I were to demand such a thing, nothing would change." Stacy paused, sucking in a deep breath as he looked down at Peter, following the line of his arm to where his fingers were locked with Gwen's. "Gwen is one of the most stubborn young women that I've ever seen, second only to her intellect, which means if I were to tell her that she needed to stay away from your son, there's no way she would listen to me. As much as I hate to admit it, she believes that she loves him, and… well… who am I to deny my only daughter something—or someone—she loves?"
That had been a particularly bad night. Peter didn't know exactly how many punching bags Papa went through after that conversation, but he was pretty sure it was all of them since his hands were all bandaged up the next morning and Dad was in one of his deep brooding moods, one Peter had a feeling wasn't only because of the campaign funding discovery. There was something else going on too, something that they hadn't bothered to share with Peter yet, and it bugged him to no end.
Steve watched as Stacy's already ruddy cheeks flushed even deeper. "Yes, well, she's definitely competitive, and has been ever since she was a baby. But from what she's told me, your boy is just as much, if not more so."
So maybe what it needed now wasn’t more things that blew it up, but more things to patch it back together again.
The air around him was thick with the scents of battle; blood, ozone, and that scorched-earth smell that Steve could never forget no matter how long it had been since the war. The noise, which had been nearly deafening only seconds before, had faded into an eerie silence, broken only by the occasional distant muffled sob or cry of anguish.
"Okay, now that's just not fair," Tony said, gasping again as Steve's tongue flicked across his other nipple. Tony's fingers wove into Steve's thick blond hair as he kissed across to the mass of scars, laving his lips and tongue over them. "You know how damn sexy you are when you start talking dirty to me."
Steve’s eyes prick with tears as he breathes in a slow, deep breath and carefully closes the box, replacing it on top of the empty one inside its locked drawer.  He knows it’s probably weird to keep something so inherently valuable at his workplace instead of his home, but with Brock’s current whereabouts still unknown, Steve knows the Empire State Athletics building is a lot more secure of a location than the shoddy apartment he’s currently living in.
Oh, Steve always saved plenty for Peter as well, who Tony was convinced Steve couldn't adore more if he had been his own child, but Tony had seen enough of Steve’s smiles during their months of dating to have discerned the tiny differences in those that he reserved just for him.
And Tony was right there next to him, curled up into his side. Not flying off into space to destroy another massive alien army.
Natasha pursed her lips, her eyebrows knitting together into a sharp glare. "Well, you're not the only one who lost people, Steve. But I guess I'm still the only one trying to do something about it."
"That's right," said Clint. Steve watched as he instinctively stepped forward, partially in front of Pietro, and couldn't help but smile softly. For someone who never thought he'd want to be a father, Clint had definitely stepped up to the plate with the twins.
Steve breathed in, pressing Tony even closer to him. "I just want you to love me," he whispered. "I want to grow old with you, and I want us to watch Peter graduate, and go to college, and get married together. That's all I want, sweetheart."
"No!" Steve cried, so loud that he even startled himself. He sucked in a shaky breath, pressing his forehead against Tony's. "Now you listen to me very carefully. This was not your fault, do you understand me? There is no way we could've known this was going to happen, and no way that we could've prevented it."
And this, as painful as it was, had to be no different. His personal feelings had absolutely no impact on their current problem, and therefore had to be pushed aside, as much as humanly possible. Even with the backing of King T'Challa's warriors, the Avengers were the last, best hope that Earth had against Thanos and his Chitauri army, so he needed to step up and be the leader the team needed him to be.
"Well… since it's on a Friday, and we usually head up to the Compound on Fridays after I'm done with school, I was wondering if it'd be okay if I took Gwen up there with me for the weekend? She's been wanting to see my new telescope, and according to the star charts we've been studying there's supposed to be a lot of cool stuff that'll be visible that weekend, and—and we just kinda wanted to see if we could find some of it, and—"
"All right, little guy. C'mere." As carefully as he was able, he gathered Peter into his arms and lifted him from the bed, tucking him as close as he dared. His heart fluttered as Peter wrapped his skinny, stick-like arms around Steve's neck and leaned his head against his chest.
"And once again, you're still here," Sharon said to Steve as she swept into the room with Peter's dinner. Steve couldn't help but notice the way Peter's face fell when he saw her, having likely lost track of time himself, and his heart gave a lurch as he realised it likely meant that Peter's father wouldn't be able to make it to see him before the curfew.
Steve jerked awake, spitting a mouthful of blood all over the concrete floor of his cell, crying out as a sharp pain pierced his side like a spear. He pressed his palm against the spot, biting his lip to try and keep quiet as he slowly hoisted himself into a sitting position. His chest hurt so badly that he could only breathe in shallow gasps, his left foot was practically useless, and both of his hands were bloody and bruised across the knuckles, the pain shooting down his left index and middle fingers indicating that they were likely broken. Again.
Thor shifted in his chair, an embarrassed look on his face. "Yes, well… I'm afraid that the ship is not currently space-worthy."
of heavy metal footsteps that were perfectly in time with the beat of Steve's pounding heart. Steve's belly gave a hard swoop as the all-too-familiar sound of the Iron Man armour grew closer, struggling against the invisible force that pinned him in place.
"Mmm," Steve muttered as he leaned back, sliding his hand under Tony's chin so he could meet his eyes. "You know that's not true when it comes to you and Peter, right? We always make those decisions together."
"Um, the San Francisco 49ers?" Peter had gone over the Super Bowl teams with Uncle James and Uncle Sam on the flight out to Italy, so they were mostly fresh in his mind.
"Uh, yeah," another voice suddenly said, one that caused Tony's heart to jump into his throat as Peter—his very own Peter—came into view, dangling upside-down from the top of the ship. "And speaking of loyalty…"
"So he doesn't seem to be any worse for wear," Dad said as he checked his readings. He shot Peter a rather satisfied smile. "I think we did it, Pete."
"Looks like they were doing some kind of research here," Tony said as his helmet retracted, his brown eyes scanning the various machines. "All this stuff's written in Russian, babe."
"Who, me?" Peter asked as Steve tore his eyes away from Tony just long enough to look Peter over, guilt piercing him like a bayonet as he noticed that part of Peter's face and neck were bright red and covered in small raised blisters, like he'd been out in the sun for too long. "No, I'm not—"
"You just think you're the only one who's ever felt like this," Sam said with a knowing nod. "'Cause that's one of those things that no one ever likes to talk about when they're discussing PTSD. Or, post-battle stress, I guess that's the term that you'd be familiar with."
"Oh, it is so not fair to use my own weapons against me," Tony groaned. "That's like the ultimate in playing dirty." He tugged hard on Steve's hair, bringing his head up to seal their lips together while he slipped his hands underneath Steve's waistband to grip his ass.
“Come in?” he heard Obie say through the thick mahogany wood, so petulant and sing-songy that bile rose in the back of Tony’s throat.  Obie was clearly sitting in there, likely half-hidden in a cloud of cigar smoke, expecting Tony to show up and capitulate to his outrageous demands that he cut Steve out of his life.
"Five seconds, Cap!" Sam hissed as he swooped down, swerving to his right at the very last moment. "They're all yours!"
"Mmm, yep." Tony was tired, and now that his entire body was buzzing with the post-coital fuzzies, he thought he might actually be able to fall asleep without trying to solve all of the world's problems beforehand.
Tony closed his eyes, imagining Steve's warm hands grasping his own, and the bright stars twinkling in the sky above them.
"Yeah, Tony, as far as I know he's fine," replied Sam. "He and Clint went down to Bucky's apartment for the game. Why?"
Before Bruce had even finished speaking, Tony felt a hard tug right behind his navel, gasping as less than a nanosecond later he was transported into the tunnel.
“Well, then consider this a reminder.”  Tony’s expression grew serious again, his fingers tightening on Steve’s arm.  “I know you’ve probably been told about a million times how brave you are, honey.  But doing something like this, confronting an actual war criminal about the shit he did to you and your team after everything you’ve been through, well… I’m pretty sure that takes the cake on it.”
"Steve, get back on my wing," Bucky said firmly. "We've only got about thirty minutes left so why don't we just switch spots for the rest. Copy?"
"Not for sure, but it should be within the next few days," said Peter. "Like you said, they've been gone for over a week now. I'll ask 'em as soon as they get home and then I can let you know, if that sounds okay?"
Once inside the prison—which was as dark and dank on the inside as it had been on the outside—Peter clung to the wall, breathing in deep breaths as he scanned his immediate area, his ears picking up the sound of a vicious fight just out of his line of sight. He seemed to be near the ceiling of a massive room, almost as huge as a hockey arena and with the fighting noises off to his left, one of whom sounded an awful lot like—
And he, Steve, and Peter were all right there, smack dab in the middle of all of it. Designing aircraft capable of transporting hundreds of people at a time, reinvigorating the entire planetary economy with the creation of tens of thousands of different types of jobs, and establishing things like labour laws and employee safety practises that would ensure plenty of time for the working people to actually enjoy some of their new amenities.
Because if the skirmish outside of Dr Strange's Sanctum had been any indication of what was coming, the Avengers were going to need all the help they could get.
"Oh no, that's not it at all," Sharon assured him. "I don't think I've ever seen a more loving or overprotective father than this kid's dad. I mean, the only reason he's not in there with him right now is because he was afraid that he'd lose his job. It's just… well… you know our government, right? I mean, you're around it every day, so…"
That didn't mean he wasn’t nervous.  He was about to come face-to-face with one of the main propagators of his post-traumatic stress, as Sam called it.  And to do so so soon after finally admitting that he was suffering from such a thing was not exactly ideal.
"No, no, it's okay, bud. I knew you guys got home 'cause the music cut down, but when you didn't show up I assumed you were doing something with Papa somewhere." He ruffled Peter's hair, blatantly ignoring the fact that Peter was now almost too tall for him to easily do so.
But then again, based on what Steve had been able to observe of Peter's personality the previous day, he seemed to enjoy having company. So if his father couldn't be there, why not someone who could?
"Well, then let's roll," Clint said. He strapped on his sheath of arrows, poking his head back inside the jet. "Guys? Cap says we're ready!"
“Oh Christ, bud, I—”  Tony broke off, his eyes flicking to Peter’s splinted finger, propped up on his extra pillows.  “Pete, I can’t.  Not—not after… I need this weekend to think, okay?  About a lot of things.”
"Oh, I'm sure I've heard someone mention something like that at some point," Tony said with a wink. He suddenly clutched his abdomen as he launched into another long series of coughs, a fit that left him gasping for breath once it was over.
Tony thought as he gave Senator Davis the same fake smile he reserved for reporters and other members of the press.
"Tony," Strange said, causing Tony to startle so hard that he bumped his nose on Peter's head. Slowly, he turned, catching Strange's eye just as he began to break apart. "There was no other way."
"Oh, just shut it, Flash, okay?" Gwen retorted. "You don't know a thing about it, so why don't you do us all a favour and just keep your mouth shut."
“Yeah, you like that, hmm?” Tony murmured as he reached for the lube.  “Trust me.  It gets even better.”
"Yeah, I guess. But since when did you like it quiet?" Ned asked. "You know what, nevermind. Wait till you hear what my mom heard yesterday at her book club."
And while Tony was by nature skeptical, and even more so when it came to anything regarding the Langaran government, Peter had always been the optimistic one. Even after he was told that he could no longer participate in gym class. Even after he was told he could no longer ride his bike or walk down the block to the corner market. Even after he had to be pulled from primary school because the doctors felt he was too sick to continue.
"Nah, a sandwich won't fill you up, and I've been trying to get Tony to eat something all damn day too," Uncle James said as he got to his feet. "So why don't we go make some real food and see if we can lure your dad out of his lab for a few minutes. Okay?"
"Wait!" Steve forced past his clenched teeth, barely able to breathe from the pain. "I don't—I don't want anything. I wanna feel it. All of it."
One might also think that maybe the death of his wife at the hands of a drunk driver might actually shock Howard into giving up his own excessive Scotch habit, but that didn't end up being the case either.
"Mmm," Tony grumbled, his eyebrows knitting together. He made an attempt to pull his hand away from Steve's grip, but Steve held firm, refusing to let go. "You shouldn't've bothered."
But pilots didn't get flustered, did they? Weren't they always bragging about how nothing ever fazed them? That they could scale the edge of a mountain close enough to distinguish the different colours of the rocks or stare down the tip of an approaching Meridian Class-III anti-aircraft missile and not even break a sweat?
"Yes," answered Tattooed Guy. "One of his children was supposed to bring the Time Stone to this place.  It is Thanos’ home planet."
The door opened and Happy poked his head inside. "Ah, Dr Cho says that the surgeon has arrived and is already set up in the operating room, if Captain Rogers is ready."
“Yeah,” Tony agrees.  “Pete hates it when he pukes like that too, so… you're not alone.”  He shifts a bit, sliding his armoured hands underneath Steve’s armpits.  “Think you're up to me moving you a few feet away from the yuck?”
"So. It seems to me that you might've enjoyed that," Tony said, batting his beautiful thick eyelashes.
Tony whispered, his fingertips gliding up Steve’s spine as Steve kissed along the column of his throat.  “Honey, are you—?”
Steve shook his head, his arms tightening around Tony's waist. "I'm sorry, mo grá. I just… I think that was the first time that I realised how far gone I was. How much I loved you. I remember I was in my room trying to draw when you landed outside on the landing pad, and then when I came into the kitchen and saw you all bruised up and bleeding all over yourself, I just—and you were so casual about it, like getting knocked out of the sky by a fighter jet was just another day at the office or something, and I couldn't understand how you couldn't see how important you were to me, and—"
"No, he's not." Peter chewed on his bottom lip, his guilt sitting like a giant lead ball inside his stomach. "It must've been something that they put on his workstation. Some monitoring program that would've picked up anything new that he added."
"Okay, so now we at least know that he's planning on communicating with us," said Sam. "Does Peter know Morse Code?"
"He said something about going to Nidavellir to get a new hammer," Blaster Peter said as he finally released his hold on Peter's neck. Dad immediately lurched forward, drawing Peter into a tight hug as his eyes shot bullets at Blaster Peter.
The ship was shimmying violently as it approached what appeared to be a desolate planet, and Peter braced his feet against the floor, trying to keep his gimbal as steady as possible. "Okay, Dad, we gotta turn! Turn! Turn!"
"Um, I'm pretty sure he just did, Cap," Uncle Clint said with a rather wicked grin. "This is gonna be fun."
"Oh, yes. So I've heard," said Stacy. He gave Gwen a quick kiss on the cheek. "Well, have a good time, sweetheart."
"Yeah, okay," said Tomis. "But just remember that the first round's on me today, so don't keep us waiting too long, all right? You know how cranky Phillips gets when he doesn't get his post-flight tonic water! With a lime!"
No wonder Colonel Phillips had been so sure to inform Steve that his new class was being taught by a civilian. Phillips had flown with Steve's papa, had been one of his wingmen during the very battle that had taken Joseph Rogers' life, and had also been given the unenviable task of breaking the news of his death to Steve's ma.
"I'm sure," rasped Tony. His hands slid down Steve's back to his ass, squeezing each cheek as he rolled his hips up against Steve's. "Please, baby. Need you inside me."
They’re quiet for a while, both of their bodies growing more pliant by the minute as their shared body heat goes to work.  Finally, just as Steve is on the verge of sleep again, Tony speaks up.
"So, you take it easy now, bud, you hear me?" Tony said to Peter. "Don't be worrying about anything besides getting stronger."
"Hush," Tony said, brushing his fingertips across Steve's lips as he worked the tank top over his head. Steve shuddered as Tony's calloused palms slid all across his neck and chest, as if he was trying to re-familiarise himself with Steve's body. Desire pooled deep in Steve's gut, sending bursts of flame across his nerve endings with every single touch of Tony's skin against his, and he couldn't help but let out a loud moan as Tony's thumbs scraped across his nipples, earning a rather cheeky smirk from his husband.
But seeing as how I don't think your ma would appreciate me sporting a raging hard-on when you're trying to introduce us, we probably should put a stop to this kind of talk. Like, right now."
“Tony!” Steve gasped once Tony was fully sheathed, his breaths coming in stuttered gasps as he gripped Tony’s hips.  “You—you feel—Tony, oh my
"Oh, that's awesome," Gwen said. "And it's good that your dad realises that kind of stuff. A lot of people with his kind of money don't."
Steve's smile widened even more, displaying all of his dazzling, perfectly white teeth in all their glory. "I say the same about you, mo grá," he said softly as his hands slipped around Tony's waist. He dipped his head, brushing Tony's lips with a soft kiss. "Even if you don't believe me."
Grudgingly, Steve asked Tony to bring over his crutches, which once they were in hand and he was able to take care of business without any further issues, he realised how silly he had been to ignore them in the first place.
"No, don't be doing that," Howard cut in. "Maybe this'll be what he needs to finally get over all that nonsense about the dark. The boy is six, he shouldn't be still—"
“Yeah, I’m sure I’ll be able to introduce you sometime soon,” Steve says.  “Our practises are gonna be from five to seven every evening, so maybe after a couple of weeks you can head down and say hi.”
"No, I don't imagine he does," Dad said as he ducked back behind his workstation. "Just give me a minute here, and…"
“The medal ceremony for the 100-metre freestyle will commence in thirty minutes,” the announcer concludes.
“Here you go, buddy,” he said as he set the bowl of popcorn and a big glass of orange juice on a tray next to Peter.  “Eat up now, okay?  Don't want you getting sick to your stomach.”
Steve was quiet for several minutes, until Tony worried that he'd actually pushed him too far when he finally lifted his head, cupping Tony's cheek.
"And I'm here to make sure you don't forget stuff like that, Captain," Tony said. "It's my job to try and throw you off."
Peter wasn't about to stop hanging out with Gwen just because her father seemed to be a first-class jerk, but he did have to admit he hoped that she could come to the Tower next time. Peter knew Dad had already researched Mr Stacy exhaustively, and he was such a smooth-talking charmer that there'd be no way he'd ask Gwen such personal questions to her face.
Tony breathed a sigh of relief as he felt Steve take his hand, his gorgeous face displaying the same cacophony of emotions he had a strong feeling were written all over his own.
“Mmm,” Tony murmurs as his eyelids flutter closed.  “You know, my kid thinks you're the bee's knees.”
Or simply stare at each other and sheepishly grin, which was what they had been doing before Ned's latest silly question."
"Okay, sounds good," he said. "And yeah, Phillips has already dismissed me for the day, so I'm ready."
After that video, and everything we've told him about being careful, why would he go and do such a thing?"
"Home. That sounds like a plan," Tony murmured. He spun around, winding his arms around Steve's neck. "Damn, but you really scared the hell out of me! Don't you ever do that again!"
"Pete, you gotta let go!" Dad's terrified voice cried into his ear. "Buddy, I promise I'm gonna catch you!"
Then again, he supposed the threat of being grounded was the least of his worries at the moment. With the addition of the Time Stone, Thanos only needed one more stone to complete his gauntlet. The Soul Stone, which was in Wakanda.
"Ever since my meeting with Beck, I've had JARVIS running a tracer on that off-site server he'd been using," Tony continued. "And that night he got a hit. He wasn't able to figure out who had accessed the server, only that it was someone in New York City, but he was able to see what they had accessed."
Although at this point, Tony was almost positive that HYDRA was already aware of Bucky's existence and was just choosing to ignore him. After all, what was a former brainwashed assassin to them now that they had finally captured their legendary enemy Captain America.
“Peter’s not with you guys, is he?” Steve asks as Thor loops some kind of shimmering rope-like thing around Tony’s waist.  “‘Cause it’s not safe!  He—he could—!”
For all of his talk about wanting to take things slow with Tony, he now knew without a doubt that it was going to be a lot harder than he'd originally thought.
"Oh," Ned said. "Well, I guess that makes more sense, since upstate's probably better for stargazing. It just kinda sucks that you've gotta go up there every single weekend."
"In fact, I'm getting pretty antsy to experience some more of your Stark charm," he whispered in Tony's ear, earning a soft moan that went straight to his crotch. "How much longer are we supposed to stay out here?"
"No, no, no! Please, stop!" Peter screamed, slapping at his right ear with his palm and begging himself to not hear them, to not hear those words that he knew would cause him to drop right down into oblivion yet again. He could already feel his hold on the wall weakening, already sense his mind slipping away from him, when suddenly a police officer broke through what remained of the main doors, his gun raised and aimed directly at the monster.
"Yeah, yeah, that makes sense," Bruce said once Tony was done. "And it pretty much corresponds to where Clint and Nat wanted to head next. They were planning on starting on the southernmost tip of Florida and working their way up. Nat said she's even gonna dye her hair blonde to try and disguise herself, so…"
Ned shook his head, patting Peter's shoulder. "See, that's exactly it, Peter. You just don't get it."
"I do advise extreme caution, Master Peter," said JARVIS. "You are venturing into an unknown situation."
"Dad?" Peter exclaimed, immediately biting down hard on his lip and cursing himself for being so loud. But the sound of his father's repulsors and flight stabilisers was unmistakable, causing goosebumps to pebble down his arms.
From the battlefield behind him, Steve suddenly heard screams, each one piercing his body like a spear.
“Well, I found out that he’s the son of Howard Stark, who’s a billionaire living out in California,” Natasha begins.  “Howard’s a weapons manufacturer who apparently supplies a lot of hardware to our military.”
"As long as you do the same, Tony," Steve said gently. "I doubt that you've slept much since I left. Have you?"
"Hey, little guy," Steve said fondly as he took a seat on the block-like chair. He placed his free hand on Peter's shoulder, his blue eyes begging for forgiveness. "Peter, I am so, so sorry that I put you in the position of having to lie for me. That was very selfish of me, and something that I should never have done."
If it hadn't been for Tony standing next to him, looking so drop-dead gorgeous in his own impeccably pressed suit, he might’ve honestly believed that it was a stranger staring back at him.  One that maybe wasn’t completely terrified by the thought of wearing the same goddamn suit he’d worn at least a hundred times before.
"Стиви? You okay?" he asked, then immediately scoffed, rolling his eyes. "Hold on, that was a stupid-ass question. Are you gonna be okay enough to handle this?"
And the fact that his "unkempt" hair was one of Uncle Bucky's ways of giving the Air Corps the middle finger made it even cooler.
"Sure ya didn't," Bucky said, rolling his eyes when Sam shot him a warning look. "Look, we're just a bit concerned is all. We've never seen you like this, and we've gotta admit that it's kinda throwing us off."
"Mmm," Tony mumbled, followed by a series of coughs that were so guttural and soggy that Steve's stomach flipped. He quickly rolled Tony onto his back, nearly collapsing in relief when he saw that the arc reactor was still glowing its usual bright blue.
Dugan. Morita. Falsworth. All teammates of Steve's that he'd lost in the three years since he had first qualified for the program, and all deemed unavoidable accidents as a result of testing experimental aircraft.
"We just need enough time to do a quick recon of the area," Tony said. "And Rhodey and I can take turns using it if we have to. All we need is to see the size of the building and what we're gonna be up against."
Tony didn't know if it was the pain from Steve's healing nose or the fact that he hadn't slept for over three days, but he was out cold only about three minutes after Peter, his breathing a bit ragged but otherwise steady and even. Tony, however, remained wide awake, his mind running through various calculations and permutations as he tried to make sense of everything that had happened since they had dropped Peter off at that party.
Following Gamora and Dad outside the ship, Peter squinted against the harsh, orangish light of the desolate planet. It reminded him a lot of District 13 in the Hunger Games, with the ground completely devoid of anything resembling plant life and the buildings either piles of rubble or completely gutted out. The air, while breathable, was so hazy that it made Peter want to take a deep breath, but at the same time scared to do so.
Tony blinks, his lips stretching into a thin line as he reaches for what’s left of his water.  “Here, Cap,” he says as he holds it towards Steve.  “You're obviously delusional.”
"Yeah, maybe," muttered Steve as Tony took his hand, leading him through the maze of holograms over to the couch.
the monster yelled directly into Peter's mind, its stomping footsteps causing the wall to vibrate beneath Peter's fingertips as he squeezed his eyes closed, fighting the urge to clap his hands over his ears even as he knew it wouldn't do any good.
Tony grimly nodded. "Yeah. And the fact that you didn't even notice tells me that you're a lot worse off than I thought, so—"
Steve breathed in a shaky breath, his hands clenching into painful fists at his sides. Only his ma had ever called him Steven on a regular basis, and to hear this vile, treasonous, scum of a man use that name—
Those three years also saw the transformation of the entire Langaran society from a civilian-led republic with a strong military component to a full-on military dictatorship. Peter supposed that they had initially meant well, trying to maintain order during the panic that followed the country-wide loss of electrical power. But it had been twenty-eight years since the Battle of the Continents. It was far past the time for the military to start loosening its iron grip on the nation and allow it to rise up again.
"Hey, buddy!" he exclaimed as he stepped inside, Peter's brief moment of panic that Dad had somehow come by himself after all squashed as soon as he saw Steve, his hand tightly holding Dad's.
"Um, those things are still coming through!" Bucky said as he raised his rifle, picking off three of the half-burning war dogs in rapid succession. "We're not just gonna stand here and watch, are we?"
"Dr Cho doesn't know for sure," Steve answered, grateful when his voice didn't wobble. "She said it wouldn't be as long as his first one, but… he's pretty banged up, Nat, so—"
Gwen nodded, scrubbing at her eyes as she moved closer to Peter's bed, her lower lip shaking as she took him in.
"This is what I want, Tony," Steve insisted. "I want to be by your side, and for you to be by mine for as long as forever is, okay? Now, keep your eyes closed, and imagine that I'm right in front of you, asking you this: Tony, will you marry me?"
Tony sniffed, trying very hard to keep his expression neutral. With Steve acting as his military escort Tony wouldn't have to worry about having to leave the hospital before curfew began, which would alleviate about eighty-three point nine nine percent of his stress.
"Yeah, that sounds fine," Peter said, thudding his head against the window. Now that school was over his last remaining dregs of energy seemed to have seeped away, leaving behind nothing but exhaustion.
Peter stared at him for a moment, finally glancing over at Gwen, who gave a slight shrug. "Um… how 'bout we get some pizza?"
Wanda took a step back, scrubbing the tears from her cheeks with her palms. "Well, I guess you're stronger than I was, 'cause I couldn't fight them. They gave me that drug, and it poisoned my mind so that now all they have to do is say the words, and—"
Steve whimpered as Tony's calloused hand slid down his messy stomach to curl around his cock, already starting to harden again. "Are you—are you sure?"
“Well, then it’s settled,” says Mr Rogers.  He stands to his feet, offering his hand first to Dad, whose cheeks turn pink as he takes it, and then to Peter.
“Why're you being such an asshole all of a sudden?” he asked.  “It’s not like you to care this much about any of my so-called side projects, so… what’s the deal?  Why is this one pissing you off so bad?”
Steve's chest heaved as he nodded, withdrawing his fingers. Then he slid a pillow under Tony's lower back and hooked his knees over his hips, leaning down to brush a soft kiss across his lips.
"Even when we're not doing anything," Steve added. He grinned down at his husband, pulling him close and nuzzling his temple. "Although I absolutely would not be against doing something once we get home."
While he was still slight of build, no longer did Peter's face and body carry the sickly, hollowed-out look of chronic illness. His cheeks were fuller and more peachy in tone instead of their recent stark-white, the dark purple circles under his eyes had vanished, as had the bluish tint to his lips and fingertips, and while his arms and legs were still relatively thin, they were no longer as thin as brittle sticks, in danger of snapping from only a stiff breeze.
At the Games four years ago, Schmidt’s gold-medal-winning time was 48.17.  And with his semi-final time of 47.68, Steve figures he’ll ensure himself of a victory as long as he can go forty-seven five.
I can’t wait to see what you think!  Please don’t forget to hit the kudos button and leave me a comment!  💖
All of the exercise helped to tire him out too, which Dad and Papa were hoping would help drive some of Peter's persistent bad dreams away. So far it'd only been working about half the time, but that was still better than nothing.
“Keep your eyes peeled out there, yeah, Barton?” Tony adds as Clint heads for another tree.  “Steve says those cannons pack a wallop.”
Steve flinches as Tony aims his repulsor at the window, its rising-pitched whine still a bit too close to the Red Skull’s HYDRA weapons for his comfort.  A second later, the window shatters, sending shards of glass everywhere as he takes off as fast as a bullet from a gun.
"I see," answered Gwen. "Well, most of the girls are talking about how hot the Avengers are, so I'm sure they're gonna be interested to hear your opinion."
And once all that was done, all that would be left for Steve to do would be to activate it, and almost thirty years of harsh military rule would finally be at an end.
There was a short pause while JARVIS calculated.  “I would place a conservative estimate at approximately ten standard doses per hour, sir.”
"Holy shit," he whispered, his heart in his throat as he double- and then triple-checked the readings against the numbers he'd obtained during his simulations.
Tony paused to take a breath, his beautiful brown eyes glassy as he held out his hand towards Peter, who carefully dropped Steve's ring into his palm.
"JARVIS, you didn't happen to have the time to look deeper into those coding changes that Beck made while he was here, did you?"
Tony slowly shook his head, squeezing his eyes closed as his lower lip started to shake. "Steve, I can't—I can't leave him. Not now. Not again. If I would've—I should've been there. I should've been able to
But not even a second later the sand literally began to levitate right in front of his eyes, swirling in a clockwise fashion as it rose off the ground, not too unlike the tendrils of fire had at the theatre.
"No!" Steve yelped, stopping Tony's words with a hard kiss. "No, please sweetheart, don't apologise. There's no need for it. I love you too. I love you so damn much, and I'm just—"
how strong you are, or the fact that you call yourself a teenager, you're still our responsibility, and we're gonna do what we think is best for you whether you like it or not!"
If the leadership hadn't dragged their heels so goddamn much then it might've been Rhodey—who had far and away been one of the best pilots ever to pass through the Air Corps—up there flying one of the new X-302s along with Captain Rogers. But instead, he was stuck teaching the same basic flight tactics to a crop of new recruits every six months while trying to live vicariously through the stories that Carol told him about flying the newest aircraft.
Steve had been planning the proposal for weeks, altering and fine-tuning certain details, and had nearly finalised everything in the days leading up to the mission.  He was going to take both Tony and Peter out to dinner, somewhere nice but not too fancy so Peter didn't have to dress up.  Then, once they were finished eating, he was going to first ask Peter if he would do him the honour of allowing Steve to formally adopt him.  Steve had already contacted a lawyer and had all of the appropriate paperwork drawn up, so all he needed was Peter’s approval and they would be set.  Tony had already given Steve the go-ahead to ask, and he was hopeful that since Peter had already taken to calling him ‘Papa’ that it would be an easy decision for him to want to make things official.
“The drawbridge is down, people!” Tony suddenly says, breaking Steve from his murky thoughts.  “I’m heading inside!”
"Arm was hurting again last night," he said quietly. "Couldn't get comfy. Sam tried to help, but… eventually it got so bad that I sent him back to the barracks to get some sleep. Poor guy hasn't had a decent night since—" He broke off, gulping. "Well…
Peter shook his head, his mouth full of green beans, which while rather good were nowhere near as good as Papa's. "No, not always, when I was little we lived in a different house a bit further away. The Tower wasn't done being built until I was five. And in the summers we'd always go back to Malibu, until—"
“Sleeping with the—okay, you know that entire thing was arranged by Obie,” Tony pointed out.  “And anyway, that’s completely besides the point here.  All I wanna know is how in the hell did you know that Steve would say yes?”
"No, no, test-mode is fine," Tony said, winking as DUM-E let out a sort of worried beep. Aside from the mess, he was getting tired of constantly having to repair sections of his lab. "Are ya ready?"
"All right," Tony breathed against Steve's lips once they broke apart. "So, I'm getting the impression that you feel pretty strongly about this?"
"No, no, I'm all right, Cap," James said, getting back to his feet just as Bruce landed next to him. "Just need a second or two to shake it off."
Which was at least partially true. Dad and Papa had sat Peter down a couple days after they got home from Wakanda and explained most of what had happened, starting with what Peter remembered—the arrival of the Q-ship and travelling to Thanos' homeworld, which by itself was still really freaking cool—and ending with what was apparently the do-over version of things, the second Battle of Wakanda.
Steve had instantly broken into tears, practically leaping to envelope Peter in such a careful but intense hug that Tony had barely been able to contain his own tears. Watching his boys—
He had even been avoiding spending time in the lab with Tony lately, choosing to do all of his homework in his room and completely neglecting his chemistry experiments, which, if Tony didn't know any better, almost made it seem as though Peter couldn't even stand to be around him.
Steve gave a nod, downing the last of his superwater before gathering up all of their wrappers and tossing them into the wastebin. Then he got to his feet, pulling Tony up with him and curling his right arm around his waist, his left hand tucking Tony's right hand against his chest as Tony's left hand fell into place on Steve's arm. Steve pressed his cheek to Tony's forehead as they gently swayed to the music, closing his eyes as he revelled in their closeness.
I know you’re all probably missing Peter, so we’ll get to hear from him first in the next chapter 😊.
They remained in the auditorium until the very end of the credits, neither of them wanting the date to be over. As they slowly got to their feet, Peter was just about to ask if they could head over to the coffee shop for some hot chocolate when Gwen's phone buzzed with a text from her father, asking when she would be home.
"Oh, are you now?" Steve asked, trying to look innocent. Tony was absolutely correct though, he did cut a very handsome figure in that undersuit of his. And in pretty much anything else that we wore as well.
Instead of answering, Steve rolled on top of Tony, carefully straddling him before grinding his hips down.
Tony dropped his chin to his chest, slowly shaking his head.  Nine-thirty was Peter’s bedtime on school nights, and Obie knew it.  But that still didn't mean that the weekend was over.
"Yeah, I think so," agreed Tony, his voice trailing off as Captain Rogers emerged from his cockpit and removed his helmet, his thick blond hair plastered to his head with sweat. Tony's heart gave a flutter as he licked his lips, trying to not imagine running his fingers through that hair—and failing so miserably that he almost laughed—when Rogers suddenly turned his head and locked eyes with him, giving him an almost imperceptible nod before his buddy Barnes tugged on his arm and dragged him away.
"Well, no, nothing specific. I just wanted to check on you," Gwen said, a bit shortly. "I was worried, you weren't answering my calls."
Again, Steve’s absolute inability to maintain a poker face betrays him, forcing him to watch as Natasha does a weird little three-second victory dance.  “Oh, I
"Peter's fine, Tony," Steve said as he set down the water bottles. "I'm just… it's already 0300, and I was hoping you could come to bed for a while."
It was a crisp, late winter day as Steve rose from their bed, the sun just peeking over the horizon as he laced up his running shoes. With a final kiss pressed to Tony's pillow-creased cheek, Steve headed out towards the kitchen, where he found Natasha sitting at the breakfast bar drinking a cup of coffee as she poured over a pile of papers.
"Yeah, for now," Tony muttered under his breath. "Doubt it'll hold 'em off forever, but it's at least a start."
Frowning, Steve pressed the button, sitting back in his chair as page one of the file appeared on his screen. He had asked Colonel Phillips in the past why he was barred from accessing the Project Rebirth files since he was personally the subject of them, but Phillips had just waved him off, telling him that the whole thing was a lot bigger than just one man.
"That's it, honey," he forced out through the haze of his waning orgasm, the rays of the morning sun streaming through the thin curtains and highlighting the lighter strands in Steve's hair. Steve's gasps and groans were growing louder and more throaty and his eyes were squeezed closed, which meant he was very close. "God, you're just so fucking pretty! I wanna see you come for me!"
"Hmm. She's kinda pretty though, don't you think?" Ned asked. "In a sort of classic, preppy kinda way."
"Okay, I want you to just stop, like right now, 'cause we're not going there again," said Tony. "Whatever's going on with these semi-enhanced… whatever-the-hell they are is not your fault. I know it, Pete knows it, and the rest of the team knows it. And you're not only a good man, you're the best person that I've ever known. And I'm a genius, so I know what I'm talking about."
Tony huffed out a sharp breath, pondering his next words carefully.  It was true that the United States had no official stake in the violence in Sokovia since it was supposedly an internal conflict.  But he also knew that while Sokovia was nowhere of interest, it was also on the way to everywhere of interest, meaning that just about everyone who was anyone was interested in who was controlling it at any given time.
The next chapter will post on Monday, December 21st.  I do apologise for the longer wait, especially after a chapter like this, but never fear.  I will be posting a fluffy baby/toddler/kid Peter one-shot set in this universe on Friday, December 11th that will hopefully help heal your hearts for the time being 💖
"His father and I wouldn't have it any other way, sir," said Steve, patting his pocket when his phone buzzed again. He held out his hand, shaking Stacy's firmly. "Now if you'll excuse me, I'll let you get back to your work."
“Nevermind, J,” Tony said, waving a dismissive hand.  Because as much as he might’ve wished otherwise, there really was no good explanation for what he was doing, other than he was actually following his heart for the first time since before Peter was born.
"Why don't we just take it one step at a time, okay Dad?" Peter asked, muffled against Tony's chest. "When are you supposed to meet with Colonel Phillips again?"
Phillips gave a nod, his face softening slightly. "Then I suggest you try and get some rest while I go check on some things and see how our prisoners are doing. We're gonna be here awhile."
"Yeah, I know it is," Peter said, barely looking up from the datapad. "But I've gotta get this program working again before my papa freezes up there, so—"
And also likely just as terrified as Steve, since he had no way of knowing where they were or if they were even still alive.
"Very… what? Very pilot-like? Who says that pilots can't be real humans too, huh? And just 'cause you're all big and bulky now doesn't mean that you're not still the same Stevie that I used to know."
Tony gave a rapid nod. "Make sure to call Helen Cho too, pretty sure that Pete messed up his hands."
"Well, can't say that I blame ya," said Tony. "But if he is telling the truth, it can't hurt to have the support. I know he's not exactly the mayor or anything, but he does run one of the largest police precincts in the city."
"Yep," replied Dad with wide eyes. "And that was… well… that was something, is what that was. And I thought
"Steve," James suddenly called from behind him, sending a freezing cold bolt of fear down his spine. Slowly, Steve turned, still holding onto Peter's lifeless body as his eyes landed on Tony, his head lying in James's lap, his armoured body completely motionless.
Steve attempted a smile. "No, I'm pretty sure that honour goes to Clint. In fact, I think he would insist on it."
Light footsteps sounded on the concrete floor and a young woman with long red hair appeared, stopping next to Hammer. Her face was completely blank, her eyes staring straight ahead like a doll, and for some reason she looked very, very familiar.
"Yes. Thank you," Steve whispered as he pressed a kiss to Tony's forehead. "I love you, sweetheart."
Fury tilted his head.  “Did you not just hear me?  I just told you that area is extremely precarious, so—”
"Bucky's got control of the north side tank," Steve said. "He's gonna take it around to the west side of the building and block the escape route there. I'm already on my way to the tank on the south side."
"I've already made arrangements for all that, Ms Carter," said Colonel Phillips as he stepped up next to Tony. "Scans and tests first, then a private room that should be big enough for the three of them."
"No, I'm pretty sure he's just sleeping," Howard said, or rather slurred, nearly tipping over in an attempt to cross his arms. "He seemed fine when he went to bed."
"Why don't we just let Mr Stark finish his presentation, hmm?" Phillips cut in from his perch in the corner. "I know you're all chomping at the bit to get up in one of these things, but dare I say that you might wanna learn a bit more about 'em first? Because these cost way too damn much for any of you to assume that you know what you're doing, which you sure as hell
Or with Tony. Were there universes out there where Steve didn't defeat the Red Skull? Where he was taken over by HYDRA and turned evil? Where he himself was evil?
"Steve, honey," Tony interrupted, as patiently as he could. "How many times do I have to tell you that none of that stuff is your fault? Now, c'mon, I thought we were getting past this?"
"As long as the computer systems in the X-302s can handle the extra block of coding," Dad said excitedly. "Which they should since I specifically left extra room inside the aircraft's mainframe just in case I needed to add more information to the guidance systems, but since none of the pilots are gonna need the extra help with guidance then there should be plenty of room, so—gods, Pete, you are
All of which happened when he was crushed by falling debris while running a secret mission inside a hostile country where the very people who were supposed to protect him and Papa and the rest of their team had just hung them out to dry.
Tony also knew he couldn't just completely cut Steve off either.  Steve was so embedded into his and Peter’s lives, that it would be like trying to disconnect one of his arms or something.
"Steve, as soon as we figured this out I texted the guy's picture to Bucky and all six of the security guards stationed around the theatre, so they know who to look for if Smythe does try to show his face," said Tony. "But chances are very high that the feds are gonna be picking him up in the next few minutes, so we won't have to worry about him for too much longer."
kid, sweetheart," Steve said gently. He held out his hand, gathering Tony close and kissing his temple. "And I don't think we're being unreasonable with wanting to protect him. Even if he doesn't agree."
“Ah, there’s more to life than just being smart, but it sure does help to read,” said Mr Reeves.  He glanced over at Steve, giving him a wink.  “Isn't that right, Captain?”
Tony made a choked-off noise in the back of his throat at Nebula's last statement, pressing Steve's dog tags harder into his chest. If Steve was still alive, Tony had no doubt that he would already be helping to coordinate things, to be a voice of reason and calm through the erupting chaos.
"I'm sure it's fine, Steve. I'm not that picky," Tony said. He sat down opposite Steve, crossing his legs as he selected one of the sandwiches. "I usually just end up eating whatever Rhodey brings me anyway, so…"
Peter sniffed, his doe-like eyes shiny with tears as he nodded. "Uh huh. I'm gonna have the frequency pulled up on my phone until you get back. Just—just to be sure."
As soon as he was in the hallway Steve checked his timepiece, alarmed when he saw that it was already 1745 hours. Practically sprinting down to the parking lot, he had just slid on his sunglasses and swung his leg over the seat of his motorcycle when he heard the sound of an approaching car. He hunched his shoulders, watching from the corner of his eye as the old car squealed to a stop only a few spaces away, and Anthony Stark proceeded to run into the hospital as if his very life depended on it.
"I want everything," Steve breathed as he drew Tony impossibly closer. "I want to do everything with you. I—I love you, and I want you, and—"
Peter groaned, his belly giving a hard swoop as he watched Papa's jaw tighten, only for a second before assuming what Dad always called his
"So," he finally said. "I'm glad to see that you're looking so well, Captain, after that horrible accident the other day."
"Mmm," Tony mumbled against Steve's chest, breathing in the glorious scent of his soap mixed in with the underlying hint of vanilla that seemed to just seep from Steve's skin. "If you say so."
Tony breathed in as he burrowed closer. "Actually, Sam just called, and apparently they stumbled upon some sort of carnival or something that Pete wanted to check out. I told him it was okay as long as they didn't let Pete out of their sight, and I know Sam's got Redwing and Nat's got her Bites on her, so…"
"Well, hopefully Dad's new foundation is gonna help with that," stated Peter. "He told me that Pepper already approved big discounts to the medicines that Stark Industries helped to develop, and she also set up a slush fund for certain really expensive medicines as part of the Stark Relief Foundation. Things like Epi-Pens and insulin, and certain cancer drugs."
"Unfortunately I am unable to determine that information at this time, Captain. However, I would not discount the apparent coincidence between he and Mr Stark's meeting and the server being accessed shortly following that meeting's conclusion."
"Okay, so, if I'm reading this right, which isn't a promise, by the way, it looks to me like part of this thing is charred," Tony said. "Do you know if Thor has any spares of these parts?"
"I'll call and check on you later, okay, Peter?" Gwen called after them, with Peter barely managing a weak nod in reply. As soon as Dad set him down on the stretcher and pulled off his blood-soaked hoodie he curled onto his side, clamping his hands over his ears and trying not to flinch as Dr Cho listened to his chest and started treating his cuts and scrapes. It took her almost an hour to dig all of the splinters and bits of plaster out of Peter's skin, with Dad and Papa practically having to sit on him to help him hold still so Dr Cho could stitch him up.
And then Tony's back arched up, his entire body shuddering as he came, spilling onto his fingers as Steve came only seconds later, their combined cries of pleasure intertwining just as tightly as their bodies.
Peter thought as his mind quickly calculated Dr Strange's odds of their success, which were a measly 0.00001429%.
"I'm sorry Maria, but I'm afraid that Howard doesn't have a choice in the matter," said Pym, with such an air of superiority that Howard would've gladly decked him right in his abnormally large nose if his hands hadn't already been cuffed.
"Yep," Peter said proudly. Steve was definitely a fast learner. "From what you guys have said the people in Meridia are starting to catch up with our tech, so we’ve gotta make sure that no one'll be able to break into JARVIS's programming."
"Correct, babe," said Tony. "So far the only thing we've been able to find out about Baker is that he was never employed at SHIELD, or at least not officially. Other than that there's nothing."
"Uhh." Tony glanced down at his datapad, smiling at the fact that Peter had designed the blinking dots representing Steve and Carol to look like tiny X-302s.
"Yes, it is," Howard said with a nod. "According to the file, the recipient's name was Johann Schmidt."
"All right." Steve watched as Senator Davis approached the podium, assuming his arrogant-as-hell expression that Steve had already grown to despise.
“No, not exactly.  I’m just…”  Steve huffs out a sharp breath, tossing a puzzled look at his computer.  “I don’t usually meet with random parents unless their kid’s a student here, so… where’d this guy get my name?”
"But I also know that going for weeks on end with only a couple hours' sleep isn't exactly healthy," he added. "And I just…" he trailed off, not wanting to voice the big concern that often occupied the forefront of his mind. "I just miss you."
Thankfully, Ms Sharon was true to her word, only bugging Peter every couple of hours during the night while Grandma and Uncle Bucky caught up on their sleep, both of them exhausted from constantly having to deal with Peter's needs. But by the time the barest hints of light were beginning to poke over the distant horizon, Peter was struggling hard to keep himself going, his lungs so drenched that every single breath was a gargantuan effort, his fingers so freezing cold that he could barely feel them as they ceaselessly tapped against the keyboard.
No longer was Tony forced to work for the very same government that had effectively ruined his father's life. No longer did he have to worry about whether Peter would survive another day. No longer was he buried under an almost unthinkable accumulation of debt, all because he refused to give up on the son that he loved beyond reason.
Sam scoffed as he bit into a fig. "Nah, that's nothing. Not even what I'd call work. Just… home is home, ya know?"
Steve's heart was thudding madly, his mind racing to come up with any other possible solution than the one Tony had just suggested.
"Sweetheart, please, talk to me?" Steve pleaded after they had sat in silence for at least five minutes. "'Cause it seems like these dreams of yours are just getting worse and worse, and—"
"How in the hell does Dad make this look so easy?" he wondered as he finally leveled out, his head and shoulders getting plastered with thick droplets of fog as he flew towards the prison. His mishaps had messed with the timing that he'd initially calculated, so he made a quick adjustment to his angle of flight, slightly changing his landing site in order to stay hidden from the flying suit sentries.
Not that Peter could blame him. Just when Dad and Papa had started to relax again after the whole bunker battle, the incident at the lake happened and set them all back to square one.
Tears welled in Steve's eyes, mixing in with the stinging sweat and blurring his vision even more. "Oh gods, Buck, I really screwed things up, and… I don't—I don't know if Tony's ever gonna forgive me."
Steve huffed, pushing his plate away. He knew Tony was right to be worried. After the Miami battle, and almost losing both Tony and Peter in one fell swoop, he had spiralled down into what Sam had later identified as post-traumatic stress. It eventually got so bad that at one point, after he'd nearly burned all of his skin off in the shower, Tony had been forced to call Sam up to talk him down in the middle of the night.
"Pardon me, gentlemen, but I must insist that we return to the Sanctum," Dr Strange said. "This will all be much easier to explain there."
"Yeah, you're right," Peter cut in. He squeezed his eyes closed, trying to stamp down his welling panic. "Okay, so… General O'Brien wouldn't know how to design the program that deactivated JARVIS, so whoever did is probably still out there somehow. But then if that's true, there'd really be no reason to wait for an attack, so that should mean that whoever put in the program to attack JARVIS only knew how to take JARVIS out, but not necessarily how to replace him."
And the fact that Tony was so insistent on continuing to go back in when he knew that his coordinates were wrong weighed heavily on Steve, as it seemed to him that Tony was deliberately trying to punish himself.
"You're always welcome to sit in the back," Steve answered. "But I prefer to not have to lean around people's heads when I'm trying to learn."
"You never told me that you used to climb out of your crib!" Gwen said as soon as Uncle Bucky finished the story about how Dad had once found Peter dangling from the upstairs bannister at the Malibu house as a toddler. Peter hadn't realised that Uncle Bucky even knew that story, but based on how much Papa liked to talk about him, he supposed he shouldn't have been too surprised.
Peter curled his shoulders, trying to burrow further down into his jacket as he pulled his hat down to cover his ears. It had to have been zero degrees or colder outside, and with the rapidly setting sun Peter was already starting to shiver. He'd have to ask Dad if they could make the heater in his suit adjustable somehow.
"Pretty sure that one was it," Rhodey replied as he flew back around, stopping to hover across from Tony. "Falcon, can you confirm?"
Tony glowered at him a few more seconds, pursing his lips. "About a week to manufacture enough for both here and the Compound. We'll need about twice as many for the Compound to cover the whole area, so…"
He had never felt more loved in his entire life than he did in that moment.  He honestly felt like his heart was going to burst with it, something he’d once believed was only real in trashy romance novels.
Steve stepped back as the rest of the team filed into the room, with Natasha being the first to wrap Peter into a hug, followed quickly by Clint and Bruce.
"Oh wow," Gwen said, her eyes wide as she ran her palm over the smooth grey leather of the passenger seat. "Peter, this is nice!"
"Tony, they're high school students, so I would hope that none of them would need security clearance," Natasha said slowly. "But if it helps I can run some quick inquiries on their parents, just to make sure."
“February 12th, 2019,” Steve went on, his voice getting lower and tighter with every sentence.  “Approximately thirty minutes after the attack on the civilian apartment building, a single sniper bullet is shot into the building where my team set up our base of operations.  That bullet explodes, causing the entire building to come down, killing two of my men and injuring two others.”  Steve paused, glancing back at Bucky, who gave him a single nod.  “Including one Sergeant James Buchanan Barnes.”
“Yes, sir,” replied JARVIS, a bit too warily for Tony’s taste.  “However, I feel I must point out that since you have not made any changes to the structure in the last several hours, I cannot fathom why the result from yet another simulation would be any different.”
"More of them," agreed Steve. "I don't think it's a coincidence that most of the newly-elected representatives and senators are all acquaintances of this President Cole."
"'Cause Hank told me that some guy was trying to steal something from his company, some old apprentice of his," said Lang. He huffed out a sharp breath, chewing nervously on his lip. "Look, I'm really, really sorry that I tried to break into your house. Hank told me that it was just some old warehouse that Howard Stark used to own, so—"
"But do you really think Papa's gonna wanna wear one of those thingys on his chest like that?" Peter suddenly asked from behind Tony, causing him to whip around so fast that he nearly tipped over.
“Ah, a bunch of beefy, wanna-be NFL players high on their own testosterone,” Tony scoffed.  “That entire gang wouldn’t know their heads from their asses unless you were there to remind ‘em.”
Davis smiled triumphantly, leaning back in his chair. "Well, Captain, in this case I believe it to be very relevant. You see, there is no other United States-based peacekeeping or law enforcement organisation that I am aware of that would allow a… couple such as yourselves to participate in such organisation together, especially if one of the members of said couple is in fact the other's superior. So I am wondering, Captain, how you are able to reconcile this?"
Breathing in through his nose, Steve looked directly at the man, hoping his eyes could convey even a fraction of the contempt he was feeling.
Tony sighed as he pulled back, looking deeply into Steve's eyes. "You know this'll just be another temporary fix though, right? I mean, don't get me wrong, I am completely, like
After gathering the books he would need for his morning classes, Peter and Ned headed down the hall to their homeroom classroom, sliding into their seats just as the bell rang. Peter violently jumped at the harsh, piercing sound, kicking himself for not anticipating it.
It’s been a long time—probably a lot longer than he would care to admit, thank you very much—since Tony’s met anyone as unabashedly beautiful as Steve Rogers.  He supposes he should've figured that the guy would be in pretty decent shape since he’s a former Olympic swimmer, but Tony definitely was
Instantly the image shifted, the millions of pixels rearranging themselves into a picture of the main square of the Miami bunker. Fires burned in nearly all directions as the horrible sounds of the battle filled the panic room, explosions and gunshots and repulsor blasts interspersed with Hulk's terrifying roars. Steve gasped as his eyes landed on Image Peter dangling from one of the upper-level railings, his frightened face covered in dust and soot.
"Well, he wouldn't be our Captain if he couldn't give a halfway decent pep talk, right?" Tony said, giving Steve's hand a quick squeeze. "All right, J, you ready?"
"Definitely," he said as he squeezed her waist one final time, taking care not to squeeze too hard. "I'll call you, okay?"
If anyone would have suggested during Steve’s college years that one day he would find himself working at the very same private Manhattan university he had mocked for most of his life, Steve would’ve laughed in their face.  Unfortunately for him, the old saying “beggars can’t be choosers” meant that once Natasha recommended him for the newly-vacated Director of General Athletics position almost exactly a year ago, Steve simply didn't have the option to say no.
Steve was quiet for several heartbeats as Tony clung to his hand, barely daring to breathe. Finally, Steve looked right at him, his blue eyes determined.
"Y, E, S," Tony muttered as he typed it into the keyboard, blinking as the screen flickered three times before going completely blank.
Grabbing another handful of m&ms, Peter shoved them into his mouth and selected the next file, breathing out slowly as he allowed his eyes to relax into their panoramic state so he could decipher it. He was so engrossed in his work that he didn't even notice Dad coming into his room until he sat down on the bed, nearly causing Peter to jump out of his skin.
"Steve," he tried to say, his mouth and tongue flatly refusing to cooperate as the hatch finished lowering, and Steve came into view.
Peter bit down on his bottom lip so hard that he nearly drew blood. He knew he should probably just keep his mouth shut and try and enjoy the rest of the meal, but he couldn't just sit there and listen to his family be insulted, or just brush off the fact that such a high-ranking police officer couldn't seem to see that Peter had been doing good things with Spider-Man, not trying to interfere with his police force.
"Master Peter's current location is at the bottom of the lake, Captain, and he is being held there by an as-yet-unidentified entity."
If anyone would've told Tony six months ago that he'd be happily trading verbal jabs with not one but two hotshot Air Corps pilots, Tony would've laughed in their face. Loudly.
“Ah, yeah, I’d agree with that assessment,” Tony says.  He looks up at Steve, a slight smirk playing on his lips that Natasha keeps insisting he never gives anyone else.  “You think this is the place, then?”
"Well, the weather forecast says it's s'posed to rain that day but who knows, they're only right half the time anyway," said Sam. He leaned forward, narrowing his eyes. "You okay there, Cap?"
Steve watched Peter carefully as he headed towards the rows of single flowers, carefully selecting two pretty pink tulips and a cute white teddy bear and bringing them over to the checkout line. It still unnerved him a bit to have Peter out in such a crowded public place with just he and Bucky as backup, but he was trying hard to not give into his irrational fear. This was a completely normal errand, Sam had reminded him, and it was time that he stopped being so afraid of normalcy.
Both times when Steve could only watch in horror, completely helpless to do anything to save his beloved.
"Yeah, I guess," Peter said with a shrug. "I also think that I popped a couple stitches in my pyjama shirt when I put it on, so…"
"If you give me a few moments, sir, I believe I can create a sort of work-around," JARVIS said. "However, I do not believe it will be very comfortable for you and Colonel Rhodes to utilise the interface for longer than a few seconds."
"Pete, we can't worry about that now, yeah?" Dad warned. "Just try and stay focused on what we're doing."
And since Steve absolutely despised the crutches that he had been forced to use in order to get around the penthouse, he decided to forgo them as well. They were noisy, and made his armpits sore, and there were hopefully enough handholds between the bed and the bathroom for him to avoid having to use them.
So instead he just pulled Tony close again, tucking his head under his chin and burying his nose into his husband's hair. He closed his eyes and breathed in, inhaling Tony's scent, allowing it to chase away the demons of fear and panic and remind him that they were in this whole thing together. That no matter what happened, they would always have each other's backs.
"And you as well, Mr Stark." With a final nod, Lang turned towards the door, pausing with his hand on the doorknob. "Um… are you guys gonna call Hank, or should I? 'Cause I'm sure he's wondering what—"
"Gwen?" Peter said in disbelief, jumping back in horror as he saw her clinging desperately to the edge of a ledge. "Gwen, what're you doing here?"
“Yeah, sure sounded like it,” Tony said.  He pressed a quick kiss to Peter’s forehead.  “C’mon, bud.  I think a good night’s sleep will help you feel a lot better.”
"That might be a good idea, mo grá," Steve said as he sat down on the bed, drawing Tony into a big hug. As much as he would've liked to have stayed in bed with Tony for the rest of the day, he was looking forward to the team's Thanksgiving dinner. Aside from being happy that they were all there—except for Thor, who had sent his regards the previous day—for some reason Steve had been feeling even more sentimental than usual lately, and in the theme of the day, was looking forward to telling his teammates how grateful he was for them.
"The consultant period will last for a total of nine months, or until you're able to find other employment, whichever is earlier," Tony stated. "Now, do you have any leads on how you might translate some of your legitimate skills into a possible career, Mr Lang?"
"You know, people say that you can't technically be considered a genius if you're not at least a little absent-minded," Gwen said. She tilted her head, giving Peter a wide smile that sent a rush of warm fuzzies down his spine. "I read that in a book somewhere."
A huge, massive thank-you to my wonderful betas, allthesinnersandthesaints and jehbeeeh.  This story would not be the same without them! 💗 💗
"No, babe, we don't," Tony said softly. "But like I said, we've already taken care of Smythe, so now we just need to focus on finding this Raxton guy."
The motion notice also failed to include the fact that as soon as it was discovered that Regina was passing company secrets to Hammer Industries, she was immediately fired and referred for prosecution, along with Justin Hammer.
"I do, because it has to," Steve said firmly. "And not only for Peter, sweetheart. This is for everyone. We all lost. All of us, so… whatever it takes."
Having Dad and Papa tell him that the first time around it had happened way differently, but then refuse to tell him exactly how?
Tony rasped as Steve broke away from his mouth to trail kisses down his jaw to his neck, sucking on the lightly stubbled skin of his pulse point. Tony's fingers worked themselves into Steve's thick blond hair as his hands slid down Tony's sides to his ass, lifting him to straddle his lap.
"I want to move Peter to my ma's house," Steve blurted out. "Before I leave on the Phoenix mission."
"It's all right, buddy, I've got you," Dad murmured into his hair, as if he'd heard him. "It's gonna be okay. We'll figure something out."
"No, I'm sure he didn't," Peter said. He quickly downed the rest of his superwater and crawled off the bed, grabbing a set of the pyjamas Sarah had brought for him before walking across the massive suite towards the attached bathroom. Phillips had explained that this had been General O'Brien's suite, held in reserve on the topmost floor of the hospital on the off chance that he would require a hospital admission, and Tony personally found it hilarious that Phillips had chosen to allow the three of them to use it while O'Brien was now busy cooling his heels in a concrete cell inside the Air Corps brig. The suite, which was designed to look more like a luxury apartment rather than a hospital room, sported gold-plated door handles, silk and linen bedding and curtains, solid mahogany furniture, and a bathroom that was larger than Steve's entire barracks room, complete with a bathtub that could easily fit two grown men with plenty of room to spare, and a separate shower.
Rushing into the room, Tony headed straight for the small dresser and opened Steve's sock drawer, rummaging around in the back until he found the small box, just like Steve had said. He hesitated a couple of seconds before opening it, gasping in awe once he did.
Tony cried as he came, gripping Steve's hair for dear life as he flooded Steve's mouth. Garbled nonsense words fell from his lips as Steve's calloused fingertips trailed up and down his side, his entire body buzzing with residual current.
"Oh, I know it will," said Peter. Now that he was away from the prying eyes of his classmates, he felt could freely admit just how badly he missed his dad. "I miss him."
"I don't—" Tony broke off, glaring towards Natasha who was standing next to one of the computer stations, the screen covered in the Cyrillic letters of the Russian alphabet. "What'd you find?"
"Hey, Peter," said Uncle Bruce, his glasses slightly crooked on his face and gripping the side of his arm. "How's it going back in New York?"
Steve nodded as he reached for the glass of water on the bedside table, downing the whole thing in three large gulps.
"And I have no doubt that you're right about that," Papa said as they reached the exit doors. "Peter, you'd better zip up your jacket, little guy, it's still pretty brisk outside."
“We will, Ms Mags!” Peter says as the tiny old lady heads towards the kitchen, a lot faster than anyone her age should be able to move.  As soon as Mags disappears around the corner, he leans closer to Tony, his sweet brown eyes filled to the brim with the concern that Tony always hates to see.
"And again, I'll believe it when I see it." Tony looked up as his office door swung open to reveal Rhodey, a steaming cup of coffee in his hand that Tony immediately lunged for. "Hey, you wanna say hi to Uncle James real quick?"
Without a microsecond's hesitation, Steve forced his body forward and grabbed onto Tony's left hand, any question he might've had as to why completely obliterated as he felt the stones' combined power began to transfer across their connected hands and into his own body.
His name was Doctor Mark Goldman, the Chief Neonatologist at Mount Sinai Medical Centre in New York City. The very same doctor who had saved Peter's life after he was born over eight weeks prematurely.
But, like Steve always said, he supposed the ‘what ifs’ didn't matter.  Not when things were the way they were now.
"He doesn't trust them," Peter said. "My dads, he doesn't trust them because they're Avengers. Isn't that it?"
Steve's mouth was dry, his heart thudding madly against his ribcage as he watched the Senate vote unfold on their bedroom television screen. Next to him sat Tony, his calloused fingers wrapped around Steve's bare bicep, still a bit bleary-eyed from being woken up by JARVIS when the vote was announced. Steve had tried to insist on watching the vote in the living room so Tony could sleep, only to be met by one of Peter's
“No, no, little guy, nothing’s wrong,” Steve said.  “I just—”  He broke off, pulling the adoption documents the lawyer had sent to him before he’d left on his ill-fated mission out of his jacket pocket.  He placed them on the table, smoothing out the wrinkles as Tony looked on, a proud, encouraging smile on his face.
"And?" Tony asked as he set his glasses down on the bedside table, right next to his tablet and Steve's dog tags. He climbed up onto the bed, sliding over to lean his head against Steve's arm. It'd been a long day, and he was tired.
"Isn't it already morning, technically?" Clint said, not even bothering to stifle a deep yawn. "Damn, why's this stuff always have to happen in the middle of the night?"
Papa let out a short chuckle. "Something like that. Try and sleep now, okay? It'll help with the jet lag once we get back."
"Pardon me, Captain, Agent Romanoff," he said. "But there appears to be a guest waiting at the front gate of the Compound who is requesting access to the residence."
Peter watched through wide eyes as his father's face, already that sickly greyish colour it got whenever he was really scared, paled even more, and he gulped as he reached behind him, searching for Peter.
And for the next two or so hours, Steve did exactly that, his lips and hands exploring Tony's body with such passionate attention that by the time he wrapped Tony's legs around his waist and slowly pushed inside him, they both nearly sobbed in relief. The past few weeks had been so stressful for them both, with the attack, Peter's injuries, and then being separated, that they had desperately needed this time to reconnect with each other, proving once again that they were much better together than they could ever be apart.
