"Clint go call an ambulance! Quick!" Bruce said beginning to hyperventilate while this friend was slowly bleeding out inside a shell meant to protect him. Who at the moment was wriggling partly to shock and another part to a drunken state of pure adrenaline. He took fast shallow breaths not entirely sure what was going on.
"I know it's odd but I kind of have the feeling of being an outcast most of the time. I really don't belong in this day and age, like I'm just some old timer from the past that has no idea what's going on. Everything here is so confusing and I'm friends with someone how confuses me on a daily basis just by trying to explain something to me. What's even crazier is he's the son of my friend back in the day and we look the same age. But the point is even if I feel like I don't belong, there always seems to be people who need me, need someone to depend on."
Tony broke eye contact with the blond and slowly drifted off, sinking back into the pillow, unable to keep his eyelids open any longer let alone maintain consciousness. They gently closed shut as every muscle relaxed and his body went limp. Steve's eyes widened to a panic, immediately looking over to one of the paramedics for any sort of reassurance. To his surprise there was no reaction, just one of them analyzing his wounds and the other gingerly pumping oxygen.
He sighed as the other was coming up the stairs completely out of wind. "You good?" he asked not helping the smile growing on his face as he watched Bruce hunching over to catch his breath. His curly hair a mess and stuck to the sweat on his face. "Yea yea I'm fine, just not used to climbing a thousand stairs like a super soldier."
The doctor along with Bruce entered the room in a rush. "I can't believe he's already regained consciousness. He didn't strain himself did he?" Dr. Helshier said pulling a little flashlight from his shirt pocket and checking whether the pupils were dilated or not. Steve shied away from the question a little bit by looking away making Helshier arch an eyebrow, "Well did he?"
"Hey Bruce are you really ok. You've just seemed really off today. I mean I haven't known you for very long but you always seemed pretty upbeat even if you are you know." Steve blatantly mentioned, I guess in attempts at making small talk. That or it was high time he got to know the real Bruce and not just what he's heard in the briefing he got not that long ago when he first met him. From what he's heard and what he's learned from working with the man, they were two totally different given aspects. He was very impressed by what he was capable of but in another sense deep down he could understand what it's like to be different also not fitting in as well as you would initially like.
He refused to let this be his fate. Some two bit punk with a sad mistake for a missile won’t be enough to keep Ironman down. Damned if it were enough to slow him down considerably. He’d recover, still there’s no way of knowing when he’d be able to get back in action.
"I’ve been in this situation before. I can handle this myself." If glances could materialize daggers Tony’s would be slicing towards Steve. They were red and swollen from the strain. He didn’t want to come across angry but he couldn’t help it. The growing fatigue and fever made him easily aggravated and Steve just so happened to be the subject to receive this treatment. He didn’t seem to mind.
Clint lifted his head up to exchanged glances at the Asgardian before letting out another sigh. He lifted his arm up and pointed at the screen and replayed to the others long awaited question. "That big trouble is headed our way if we don't come up with some answers pretty quickly."
Hoping that he’d be able to think of things to talk about, hoping that he looked okay… hoping Tony would kiss him…
his friends. Someone he could take out to dinner, and go for a walk with, and talk to about his day without first having to explain what the world looked like now.
like it would be so bewildering and frightening and humiliating to get himself tangled up in those particular thoughts, that he wouldn’t be able to work it out, that he’d be failing yet another test, that he wouldn’t like any of the answers he did come up with…
– and, that’s kind of the point I’m making. That hindsight is always 20:20. And…I dunno, some of that stuff I just -
Steve sat up too sharply – he knew he had. He could feel the blank shock that his expression had fallen into. He was sure that Nat, at least, had noticed.
“What’s going on?” Tony asked on autopilot. There was a soft mechanical whir as Rhodey knelt down to face him.
“I’m fine,” Tony sighed. “It was… fine. It was amicable, or whatever people say - we’re still friends. And I don’t really want to talk about it.”
“No, it’s okay, of course it is,” Steve managed it more naturally the second time, standing up to leave.... Hesitating for a few seconds, in the hope that Tony would meet his eye again…
“And, honestly, all I care about is whether I’m going to end up hurting you,” Tony breathed, his hand caressing more firmly into Steve’s skin.
“And it makes a difference to you, what they call it,” Tony observed with a smile. Pleased it made a difference to Steve. Pleased that Steve saw the world this way…
That one specific photo of Steve on the desk in his fathers office, the one that Howard had always refused to look directly at, and yet never moved…
Tony rather liked the fact that Captain America kept incredibly anti-social hours, and would often sleep in late enough to put even his MIT-era self to shame. There was something unexpected and subversive about it, something that contradicted his father’s assertion that Steve would be aghast at
For a few seconds, there was nothing but this deep, throbbing contentment. A warm feeling of comfort and rightness, pulling low in his hips.
Steve didn’t know whether he wanted to bury himself against Tony’s chest, and cry, and beg Tony not to leave him-
He could still feel all those words, hanging in the air. He knew that Tony must be thinking about Siberia, as much as he was. And Steve could just imagine
And then he felt Tony shift, moving to rest his forehead against Steve’s. Steve glanced up, and before his eyes could focus Tony had kissed him, soft and warm and
to be capable of conscious thought to understand that. He was more aware than he’d even been of the strength coiling steadily in his body, and it was more than there had been when he’d come up against Thanos – if he hit Adam now, there would be nothing left of him.
Steve froze again, like a cornered animal. He willed himself to think something, anything, but there was only that static-electric panic in his head.
But Tony had never let people force him into choices. He took a slow breath, and warned himself not to be goaded into
“Yeah, probably, I’m already ten minutes late,” Steve sighed, shuffling aside to let Tony walk by him.
Steve had always been somewhat confused by those two, apparently competing impulses – that desire to find someone he could look after, and that desire to find someone who could look after him. He’d always felt slightly guilty over both of them. And now… it wasn’t so much that Steve had worked it all out yet. But he felt like he was starting to. Like he could
in Tony’s lap, but not what could have possessed him to – what pretence he could possibly have – oh, fuck, what had he said?
“I’d tell you to drink water, but the water here is full of drugs” Tony joked, weakly. “And apparently the alcohol here is hangover free anyway, so…” But Steve had just stopped, a few feet from the bedroom door… and Tony could see him thinking … “Are you okay?”
to be Steve Rogers. Tell Tony he’d been up all night thinking about this, and he still didn’t know what he thought, but he knew he was sorry and he just wanted to make this right.
“So, how do I prove that to you then?” Steve demanded, his tone coming over sharper than he’d intended. And then he saw Tony flinch, and instantly wished he could take it back.
“Bad day sweetheart?” Tony asked, softly, his eyes full of such beautiful sadness. Steve could only nod, heavily.
“Would you prefer if Captain Rogers was here, if you were under a general anaesthetic?” Tony guessed. It wasn’t until he saw Bucky’s eyes widen optimistically that it dawned on him…
All at once, Steve remembered the petulant little regrets that were his alone. The changes that wouldn’t have mattered to anyone but him… The things he simply wished he’d said.
The rest of the building was alive with people, humming with laughter and dancing and probably a few intoxicated arguments. Tony’s suite was dark, and very still. He could feel the music pulsing in the floor beneath him, the muffled sound of the revelry coming from such a long way away. Tony felt as though he was in a bubble deep under the water. Sealed off from all of reality…
to say something. Even if it was going to be difficult. and confrontational, and even if he still didn’t know what was going to come out of his mouth, he
But that was only because Steve understood why any of the others would have picked someone else. Of course Nat would pick Clint, they were friends. Bruce, if he’d had to go, would have picked Tony… because
And Steve knew there might be something other than delirious joy, at some point… But that was true of any good relationship. And, if
him think that. Being deliberately and sneakily obstructive, when Tony assumed they were in this conversation together-
… And then he forgot the question completely, and went back to trying to rock into Tony’s hand. Tony chuckled warmly, and added, purely for his own amusement, “well, anyway, you
I’m not saying it isn’t uncomfortable, or that I wouldn’t trade my entire personal fortune not to have this whole thing go away, or anything… But, in the grand scheme of things, thinking of what’s at stake here… the, uh,
Briefly, he mused over the idea of digging a little further, maybe looking for some first hand accounts or candid photos or notable events too minor to be considered in the summary - something that might add some human colour to what he knew already…
“Get rid of that.” Tony commented suddenly, and Steve had to look to realise that he’d pulled the sedative cloth out while he was searching.
Tony never said they should never break the rules – only that it would be better to have them. To try to follow them as best they could. To have an official, codified system to judge them, something they could defend themselves to, rather than trial by press every time.
“Them,” Tony clarified, nodding his head over Steve’s shoulder. Steve turned, and saw that Sam and Bucky were now standing quite a distance away from them, at the very edge of the field - but close enough that Steve could make out the exaggerated gesturing of a fight.
“Better” He commented, taking a second shot, and then a third, just to get them out of the way. “Is anyone even paying attention to this?”
All those awful traumas, that only cut deeper because of Steve’s inherent goodness – the same goodness that led him to cover it all up, pretend it wasn’t there, fight on in spite of it.
“Don’t fucking move,” Stape spat, his voice pulled tight and trembling. There was a small cut on his forehead that he had left to bleed profusely, staining the left hand of his shirt a gory red. His eyes were wild, his lips pulled into a confused sneer.
“…Not sure I believe you,” she concluded, squinting at him. “Tell me why you’re so worried about Captain Rogers.”
instinct was just so ingrained – and it was there for other people. Steve couldn’t remember it well enough to understand why, but he knew that much.
“He became The Winter Soldier - Hydra’s number one weapon,” Steve recalled, bitterly. “And, because they keep him in cryo-freeze in between missions, he’s been doing that for seventy years-”
Pepper sighed, exasperated and impatient, before she stepped out of the elevator and took her place next to Coulson. Tony immediately felt about three inches tall.
Even after Steve had told him that he could come, without a single word of instruction to clarify what he meant… Tony knew.
Instinctively, Tony put a palm against the cool glass of the cryochamber. He found himself asking, once again, how truly terrible it would have been if Bucky had died today. If
So, he tried his best to cover it. He hoped he sounded more cheerful than he felt, when he welcomed them both, and asked how their week had gone.
“Do you get the headache before or after it happens?” Tony asked. Bucky blinked at him, amazed. Then he frowned, like he’d just been caught out by a magic trick.
He remembered the dizzy freedom of snapping, the absolute absence that swallowed him as he hit that guy…
“...Why would it have anything to do with…?” Nick asked, that tremble already returning to his voice. Steve couldn’t help noticing that Nick was now afraid to even say Tony’s name.
wasn’t why he was so desperate right now. It wasn’t because he was worried that this would be snatched away from him…
Tony felt sick just the same way now. A sickness that seemed to move up into his chest, burning his throat…
Steve tense up behind him, drawing that power into him, assuming that different form… And Tony felt himself change along with it. Instantly, everything came into higher definition. The world around him seemed to slow down, enough that he could think that much faster, observe that much more…
that Steve would follow. The relief of not having to plan the aftermath – of not even having to force his worries quiet, for the sake of the moment…
A delighted giggle bubbled over Tony’s lips, and for just a second there were so many things he wanted to do that he couldn’t think of any of them-
“Hm. You know, sad though it is, I can see a human corporation enslaving an alien race for that secret alone.” Tony observed. A more serious expression crossed Steve’s face.
Steve’s stomach clenched as it echoed in head again, the images flashing up in violent bursts - the way they had in the footage.
The flyer Steve had given to Tony along with the blood. Pinned up back-to-front, so that he could see the last minute notes he’d scribbled.
And then a sudden, intense bloom of heat, as Tony buried himself inside him, moaning Steve’s name as he came..
Tony hummed a smile, and tossed the now empty glass over onto the lawn, and dropped his head to lick the trails of lemonade from Steve’s stomach with the flat of his tongue.
“Bucky?” The man says, softly. It tugs at so many different memories… Bucky’s sure he knows that voice.
“I was just thinking about that press conference, when you told everyone you were Iron Man…” Steve mused. Tony snorted a self-conscious laugh.
He loved Tony. He’d never loved Tony as much or as simply as he did right now. Just hearing Tony talk that way about himself, knowing he felt that badly, that he’d been so hurt-
He’d been staring at Bucky for nearly twenty minutes, trying to convince himself that he was real… He didn’t look real. He looked like a porcelain doll, his perfect features resting under a layer of frost…
“Well, the true answer to that question would take more time than you’re willing to spare,” The Ancient One smiled. “But, simplified down to the terms you’re thinking in - yes, I can see to the end of all live timelines. I know how things will work out for you.”
Steve gulped a ragged breath, clawing at the sheets as that burning pleasure crawled its way up his spine. Tony dug his fingertips into Steve’s hips just a little harder, pulling Steve into him at that same careful, measured pace. fucking him open, filling him up. Steve felt his vision start to cloud, his head swimming as Tony moved against him.
A treacherous heat flooded Steve’s face, as the threat of tears almost overwhelmed him again. He didn’t know what to call this feeling. It was a relief and affirmation that cut deep enough to be painful; a level of exposure that was freeing and terrifying and horribly raw.
He was just so tired right now. He wasn’t sure when that’d snuck up on him, but suddenly he just wanted to sit and stare into the middle distance for a little while. So, he sank into one of the couches – literally groaning as it took his weight, the material rolling down his back like a caress… And he remembered Tony’s voice
And, just as he was processing the powerlessness of that, the sadness and injustice of it, that bitter little voice whispered to him again-
And Steve felt that same stirring of familiarity, even stronger now. The sense that he knew what was happening here, somewhere in the back of his mind…
“So, you’re a drug company, a chemical weapons company, what?” Steve demanded. His eyes were adjusting to the brightness of the lights above his head, able to pick out more of Jesse’s features – he saw the patronising smile when he replied,
He was sitting in the sleek, glass and chrome waiting room outside Alexander Pierce’s office - no doubt irritating the receptionist, who was ignoring him from behind an imposing mahogany-topped desk. His calves had started to throb with the repetitive stress of it-
“Mm-hm,” Tony responded cynically, pursing his lips. Trying to give the impression that he was thinking very hard about this offer, as opposed to thinking very hard about all the reasons he might be fucked right now.
The wry crease of amusement above the Red Skulls eyes was the only indication that he was aware of their connection, and the utter absurdity of this moment.
Tony couldn’t get close enough to him in this awkward position, couldn’t feel as much of this as he wanted to… He could make it better than this….
It was like waking up in the middle of a busy New York street. The switch to consciousness was immediate – what took a few seconds was figuring out that this
And, again, it wasn’t Thor’s fault that Steve took it so badly. It was clear that he meant it to be comforting - and, in his defence, at any other moment, it might have worked.
“So, you’re thinking of having Bucky move in with you?” Steve pushed himself on - quite happy to distract himself with the next revelation along.
“And I’m sorry about that…fight, we had at the compound, by the way – with the pens.” He remembered out loud. Steve blinked in surprised.
that Tony’s hostility was different now to what Steve had perceived in the first timeline. That there was an aggression, a pointed nastiness even, that Steve hadn’t seen from him before…
“I’m just sorry.” He sighed, and he threw himself into Steve, knocking him off of his feet and sending them both stumbling somewhat gracelessly into the couch behind him. He felt Steve huff out a shocked little breath, as Tony repositioned himself so that he was sitting in Steve’s lap, his legs straddling his waist –
For a second or two, Tony couldn’t answer him. But it wasn’t because he couldn’t think of a response, or even because he was worrying about the response he
And then Steve broke away to gasp for air, his body still writhing against Tony, his hand still caressing roughly into his skin – and Tony just wanted to keep kissing him, that was all. He was already completely lost in this moment, so totally and utterly focused on this need for Steve-
And then, as an afterthought, when Bucky was half way to the next floor, he called out “And don’t get killed!”
, in the interest of avoiding any pointless planning on your part, you should know that we’re able to disable the arm remotely, so there is no point relying on that either.”
,” Tony begged, grabbing roughly at Steve’s shoulders, trying to pull himself into Steve’s lips. Steve moaned, his hips bucking upwards as he sucked hard against Tony’s skin-
“Okay…so, I’ll see you tomorrow, and then we’ll go alien hunting.” Steve concluded, weakly, already walking passed him.
A more genuine smile warmed through, when Bucky noticed that little detail. He wondered if Steve even knew he’d done that…
A wave of dizziness rolled through his head, stars exploding behind his eyes as his recent exertion caught up with him… He took a few long, slow breaths, trying to calm the spirited thrumming in his chest.
Tony hummed a delighted little smile against Steve’s mouth, leaning his head back briefly to let Steve tear his shirt up over his head – almost certainly ripping the fabric. And then he pressed in close to kiss Steve deeper, his entire body held firm against him in that same challenge,
That everything he’d wanted to say to Steve might not matter, that there might simply be nothing he could offer him…
Steve accepted, dreamily, that he wasn’t going to get his head around that any time soon. How beautiful and powerful Tony had looked in that moment. How brave Tony had to be, about
had discovered the chemical formula for ‘reasonableness’. A harmless drug that a person could take, after which they would simply be more
But it was cut off again by another choking sob, another frantic attempt to swallow – and still he kept trying. “I’m sorry, I didn’t know, I’m so sorry-”
“It’s going to be okay, Tony,” Pepper was assuring him – although, now it sounded like her voice was coming from miles away. “Whatever is going on, we can work it out.”
As it turned out, having dutifully suffered through every line in the file, Steve had basically the same message for Tony as he had three weeks ago-
“Hey you,” Tony smiled, from behind the dividing wall that separated the kitchen from the living area of their suite. Steve felt the tension melt from his shoulders immediately. Three months after they’d moved in together, and he still wasn’t over the novelty of
“The thing is, I’m not saying I wouldn’t have objected to the whole thing with Wanda. I still would, even now. But… I had
Rarely, there were even times when he felt some control over his spiralling thoughts. Those few times when he had been to explain what he was thinking, or listened to what Steve was telling him, or remembered a better way of thinking about things and actually managed to see it through… It didn’t happen often, but it felt like something of a victory that it ever happened at all.
And then their eyes met again, and Steve realised that this was as close as he’d come to touching Tony in so long-
woken up enough for him to think about the technicalities - enough to provide him with more of the right questions.
. And I hate Jayba, for convincing my Dad to use them as labour, and I hate my Mum for going along with it, and for covering it up. It’s just – she did it differently, to Father. She was so sneaky and manipulative. She lied to those troops families, and she made up evidence and she diverted the authorities and – all things my Dad just
So, instead - and with no real sense of hardship - Tony refocused his thoughts on the memories he already had, this time drifting back to those quiet moments right before he fell asleep. That calm sense of peace, the
“You are just… So clever.” Steve sighed, with a smile. “At everything. Including defending yourself from a world that’s always treated you unfairly, and held you to a different standard – and abused your trust, over and over again. And it’s like… No one ever says a nice thing about you without an ulterior motive, so you don’t trust those things, and you’ve learned to deflect them
“Right. Well. The radios work, if anything happens.” Tony went on, eventually, already edging his way toward the door “I’ll see you later”
This was fundamentally different to the sort of fear that he could step away from, out on the battlefield. More real than even the panic that’d gripped him as he crashed that plane… Maybe it was simply that he’d
certain parts. The necessarily complicated bits of life, the bits where they might’ve had to express a divisive opinion or admit to a compromise… what happened to the ‘Germans’ in some of those scenes, what were the consequences of that moral stand, what happened to those background characters… just ‘left to the imagination’. The comic book writers would simply have left this bit out. Started the story with Steve fully dressed and mission focused, and seeing Tony, and … [Scene missing] and then heroically liberating an alien race.
most beautiful man he had ever seen in his life… He hadn’t felt anything like this in over two decades. And yet, for just a minute, it felt so natural and so familiar and so much, that he almost forgot that he was fundamentally separate from all this-
And, okay, that was quite obviously the story of almost every relationship on earth – but no one actually
Again, he smiled. There was a time when he might’ve rolled his eyes at a gesture like that, or simply failed to notice it - but he was also a lot less cynical these days. More open to the kindnesses of others, more willing to take them at face value…
Steve felt like all his breaths were collecting high up in his lungs, his heartbeat increasing as he tugged hesitantly against Tony’s grip… And then a little harder…
“No, but, Steve,” Tony interrupted more firmly. Steve stilled, and watched a thought flicker behind Tony’s eyes, before Tony set his shoulders and looked at him.
Tony leapt back immediately, knowing that Zan would instinctively swing around to face him. As soon as she had her back to him, Steve stepped forward and grabbed her by the arms, pinning them behind her while Tony kicked the office chair out into the middle of the room.
that feeling, about wishing that epiphanies were cleaner, like that… I remember when I had palladium poisoning, and everything was turning to shit - and
say some awful things, as well as the awful thing I did – and all Bucky did wrong was get brainwashed and tortured. And, I
to walk toward… Steve’s whole body weakened as soon as Tony said those words, his heart suddenly racing too hard for him to answer.
But even though he remembered thinking those things, and he could even work out when he would have said them… he found it hard to understand it now. These were his own past thoughts, and yet suddenly he couldn’t empathise with them.
He thought of kissing those perfect lips. He remembered the heat of them against his skin, the soft caress of Tony’s increasingly excited breathing - the wanton little noise Tony made when Steve pulled his bottom lip between his teeth.
hard to contain that adrenaline, but- “The reason I took it anyway is because I knew what I was risking if I turned it down. Or, no, not what I was risking – what would happen. I knew that if I said no then I
That was the sort of thing that should snap Tony right out of this mood, and trigger all sorts of terrible fears… probably.
And then came a memory he should have flinched from. An idea that he knew was dangerous, that he was already in the habit of distancing himself from…
...Well, any time Steve felt bad for the terrible sleep Nick would be getting for the next week and a half, he could think back to Tony’s nervous panic that they’d bugged his house -
“Our overall goals needn’t concern you,” Jesse answered. “The facts are as follows. Neither of you are able to rely on your famous strength or agility at the moment –
kiss Steve. For the first time, he could kiss Steve without fighting the dread of what happened tomorrow – he could keep him.
. That this was the first time he hadn’t felt entirely responsible for making sure Bucky got treated like a human being. That he wasn’t listing all the points he had to make the doctors aware of, because they hadn’t asked, and wouldn’t ask. That he wasn’t thinking back over a catalogue of casual cruelties from the last appointment, trying to judge how he’d pre-empt them this time around.
to permanently feel bad on behalf of others, or carry every tragedy as though it were their own, or guard against even the slightest slip in their concentration.
the first person to treat Bucky with any respect. And, objectively speaking, he was clearly very intelligent, and industrious, and those were obviously good qualities to have.
part of him knew that Fury had no right to ask this of him, that SHIELD had had no right to disrespect everything he’d died for, that they deserved to clean up their own mess…
he felt, never being able to find words for the ever changing chaos in his head… right now, Steve could say that he was quite simply and overwhelmingly excited for his date.
, I would’ve told you Tony, I swear to God. I just thought you’d think I was an idiot. I just thought you’d be thinking that I was reckless and selfish, and I’d let the whole team down because I hadn’t done my
By now, Tony felt strong enough to be the one to help Steve to his feet. He knew he’d have to drink again when he got home, that it would take a little while for his body to heal every trace of this injury-
That alarm flared instantly into full blown panic; his body shocked into blindingly vivid consciousness in less than a second. Steve sat bolt upright, already scanning the room, so shaken that he literally couldn’t take in any of the details-
Without words, without form… Just missing him. Braced against that constant urge to throw his arms around him, like a pain he couldn’t find the source of.
And maybe, underneath it all, the simple human excitement of giving into a taboo - although, of course, he’d forgotten all about his human insecurities and assumptions.
, I could probably go for days on very little… but I eat terrible food, so, yeah, probably once a day.”
In that moment, Tony was so aware of what she’d done for him. Of all the different qualities she had and the choices she’d made that had led him to the love of his life. And against all odds. In spite of Tony’s complete reluctance, and his maddening commitment to sabotaging himself, Pepper had patiently and compassionately gifted him
Tony heard a door slam three floors above him, the moment he walked into the hallway. And then the flutter of heels at the top of the landing-
“You know, I’ve met a few people who’ve talked like that” Steve told her, his voice kinder now “And some of them ended up among the best people I know.”
He could hardly see the man behind the gun. The facial features, the expression, the clothes were all somewhat blurred, like Tony’s brain knew better to waste time with the details. He simply recognised that this was a threat, an imminent threat-
“I’m just trying to think of ways to get more information - it’s just an idea,” Tony replied, with a defensive edge. “Why, what did you want to do - the flower show?”
He nuzzled his head into the dip of Tony’s shoulder, pushing Tony’s chin higher, so that he could suck hot, sharp kisses to the line of his jaw. Tony groaned and rocked his hips hard in Steve’s lap, sending a shard of friction through to the small of his back.
of Steve’s bodily processes… That, as she put it, he may well experience arousal more intensely than other men.
PENULTIMATE CHAPTER! (with the possibility of a short epilogue thereafter, because I can never help myself...)
He thought of a world in which he could’ve made that observation. He wondered how many individual steps it would take, to reach a place where he could ask Steve about his relationship, and understand the answers, and have them mean anything. A place where he could have a casual conversation, and feel only the regular human emotions, and not be fighting a thousand neurological battles at the same time.
as they stepped backwards. Steve threw his arms out, one hand knocking into the wall beside him hard enough to graze his knuckles. Instinctively, he glanced down to see if he’d drawn blood-
It was Steve that gasped, breaking the kiss, his breath still hot against Tony’s lips. For a moment there wasn’t a thought in Tony’s head. Just the pounding in his chest and the fluttering in his veins and that compulsive pleasure now throbbing in his hips.
A tug of anxiety ran through him, bunching his mood into conflicting clusters, allowing the day-time complications to start arguing in the gaps-
Even though he didn’t recognise any of the specific components, even though the symbols on the hazard signs made no sense to him… He knew exactly what they were. He knew which part of this system was working as a turbine, how it was connected to the generator, what these dials were designed to measure… Maybe it was just emboldening effects of the atmosphere, but he was even beginning to think he’d be able to read them…
“Okay,” the suit waved him quiet, impatiently. “I’m going to need you to stand and guard the door of that refrigerator,” he pointed to where the men in black were now wheeling the gurney over the threshold, the other two suits following inside to do a final check. Steve could hear fragments of their conversation, all of which he recognised from his months of mission prep - strange to think that it was the exact same words, in the exact same tone, each and every time… “Do not move until the medical team comes down to collect the cargo, do you understand?” The man talking to Steve carried on. Steve nodded enthusiastically.
Steve felt his fingers curling into the fabric of Tony’s shirt, an unconscious desire to keep him, to stay in this moment.
“I’m so sorry that you were so weak and ill as a child.” Tony whispered. “That you never knew your father, that you lost your mom.”
He took a deep breath, and forced himself to leave the bedroom – he was genuinely worried he’d start crying if he didn’t. And he couldn’t have that. There was an entire race of people at risk of enslavement, God knows what potential repercussions of this evil project.
Deliberately, he snuggled closer into Steve and threw a heavy arm across his stomach. He looked up at him, and waited for Steve to meet his eye before he said, in as confident a tone as he could manage,
whole life fall to pieces, too. Not knowing how to explain to Tony that he didn’t know if he knew – knowing Tony wouldn’t wait for him to try. Knowing that he couldn’t expect any sort of sympathy or understanding for his mistakes.
Tony put his mug down on the coffee table in front of him with a petulant bang, and let his head fall into his hands. There was nothing to do now but let this one hit him.
“Huh. I think we lost Maribelle” Tony observed, glancing over Steve’s shoulder. But, by then Steve was already holding another one of the
Steve spotted the staircase at the far end of the room immediately, but he forced himself to pause and scan for threats before he moved.
said he was perfect – that he never even brought himself into it when he was trying to get people to go along with him.
“So…” gestures vaguely to the Red Skull, and then at the mystical hellscape they were standing in, “...how?”
And it wasn’t that Tony thought that Steve really felt it… he wasn’t thinking about what existed, outside of this moment. If he had, he probably still would’ve thought that Steve was just playing along… but it wouldn’t have occurred to him to question why Steve would do that. How Steve would know to do this so perfectly…
He heard Tony hum a good-humoured smile – Steve could feel Tony looking at him, admiring his good work… When Steve finally managed to lift his head it felt heavier and lighter all at once, and the world seemed to sway in a not-unpleasant way…
“…Okay, I don’t really know what a vampire is. But fine,” Bucky conceded, easily. “As long as you’re sure I really didn’t hurt him.”
Steve thought of sleeping with Bucky again, and… he just didn’t want to. It felt wrong now, in a way it hadn’t before.
And then Tony’s eyes darkened, his lips curling into a more lascivious smile as he slid his palm over the back of Steve’s hand, and moved it from his hip to his cock, curling his fingers around Steve’s and holding Steve’s grip in his own.
that Steve was unfeeling or arrogant, based on his silences – but he couldn’t know otherwise, either. And, in this instance, Tony
If Tony had been forced to choose in that moment, he’d have picked wrong. He’d have gone with that instinct – because, for a good few minutes, there was nothing else. Just that
And, committing entirely to that mindset, the first priority was to consider the perspective of the patient. What personal biology, psychology, history or culture should form the basic assumptions of his approach… He’d thought about Bucky’s experience with HYDRA entirely unemotionally, simply because it seemed relevant. It seemed
“What?” They asked, together. Tony pointed to the left side of the ‘parking lot’, where, concealed in what little shadow there was beside the tower, there was an untidy row of industrial dumpsters.
“Coming.” He called back, weakly – and then felt a deeply inappropriate regret over his choice of word.
of all of that was still dizzying. Even without stopping to count all the ways it made things easier and safer and
The human part of Tony, the part of him that loved the human part of Steve – the part of him that had catalogued every scrap of information Steve had ever shared with him, and held onto them, and indulged in them. The part of him that had watched every one of Steve’s press conferences … The part of him that knew all about Talleroy Communications, now that he had reason to think back.
Not to think about Obie, and the lie of his youth, and the increasing worry that maybe no one was as they seemed-
And Steve would’ve liked to express the deep joy that swelled up in him then. He’d have liked to have shown Tony what it meant to him, that Tony was satisfied, that Tony was
But then he saw Steve’s gaze drop to his throat - and the flash of pain that came with it. The way he flinched into himself, the conflict in his eyes…
He sighed and let his arm flop out to the side, not even bothering to put the phone on the bedside table.
, if Steve hadn’t spent the last seven years faking an immovable confidence in his every choice… But he recognised that it’d come out like an attack, or at the very least it’d make Steve feel guilty, and that wasn’t what he meant at all. In fact, he was only just working out exactly what he meant…
Steve had searched every database and archive he had access to, and still the only picture of Tony Stark that he’d had ever seen was a low-resolution image of a wide-eyed toddler, looking up at his father, on the cover of
that. There was simply no doubt in his head that he’d thought it, that he’d been sure of it, that it had been
Tony had been staring at him for hours by then, threading his fingers through Steve’s hair, occasionally whispering endearments and promises, even though he knew Steve couldn’t hear him.
the urgent little noises he made, the frenetic moaning that grew lower and louder as Tony picked up his pace
Bucky cast another furtive glance in Sam’s direction. And then, before either of them could find a way to continue the conversation, Tony took a deep breath, and sat himself up, and carried on talking.
At last, Tony sat down on the edge of the bed, and reached over to pull two more gift-wrapped presents from the gym bag. Then he casually knocked the bag to the floor, and pulled his legs up onto the mattress, turning to face Steve before he handed him the presents.
When they stepped outside everything seemed so much brighter than it had a few minutes earlier. By now the sky was such a flawless, vivid blue that it was painful to look at, the sun beating down on them from directly above their heads…
“Let’s try shots” Steve suggested, as Tony walked away. This would be easier with less actual fluid to drink, he reasoned. And then he felt someone looking at him, and already knew it was her. He sighed, and downed the drink.
he was somewhere trying to work it out, or if he was unnerved and disgusted by Tony now… the fact that it
Steve paused in front of the mirror, halfway through buttoning his shirt. He suddenly had a sinking sense of déjà vu.
of those perils first, I guess it makes sense to start with the one that’s already happening. If Hydra are out there torturing Bucky and killing innocent people and fucking the whole world up, right now, as we speak, then I guess we deal with that before we deal with the… aliens, who aren’t here yet. And, yeah, if you don’t want to work with me, or if you’re dead set on doing things your own way, then fine - it’s none of my business, and I’m not going to try and stop you. But you’re not the Captain of me, and you’re not going to stop me, either…”
So, with a bit of conscious effort, he forced his thoughts back into the moment, until his anxiety settled down into almost nothing-
Oh, and Steve let go of a relieved little breath, his eyes briefly flickering shut as he relaxed his body.
have to think about what we’re going to do with Bucky, once we find him,” Tony continued. “Where we’re going to take him, what he’s going to need in the short term - what we’re going to do about him in the long term…”
His hands were shaking slightly as he gazed down at the frosted face of Steve Rogers, aged 27. He had spent so long thinking about the mistakes this man had made, the things he’d gotten wrong, the times that he had failed… He’d expected to feel resentment, when he got here. Whenever he’d imagined this moment it was with a vague feeling of embarrassment - cold, and queasy, and without any sort of nostalgic affection. And yet looking at himself now, Steve was perhaps a little more empathetic… a little kinder. He found himself genuinely hoping that this person was going to be okay, that he made something of himself - that he learned all this, and more, in the life he was going to lead…
in love with Tony… Obviously. Steve understood that completely. He felt like he'd understood that for a while now…
And then Steve glanced over Tony’s shoulder, and caught the briefest glimpse of the crowd of people just
“Ready,” he smiled nonchalantly, resting his head on his interlocked hands. And, in spite of everything, Tony managed to smile back – that just seemed very Bucky.
now everyone was looking at him like he'd sprouted a second head. Great. That was the last time he quoted one of the better self-help books he'd been reading after having to deal with the 'so you died a horrible painful death and are now stuck in a world that has hover boards but not Google' thing.
the Casket of Ancient Winters. Not theft, because he put he back once he was finished, but Loki's discovery that the Svartalfar handled the cold even more poorly than Asgardians was one he exploited to the fullest when it came to his quest to keep them from ever reaching his brother's home.
Now that his magic was unbound, now that his mind was his own and not under thrall or in the throes of madness…Loki felt the beginnings of a cold smile steal over his face.
“You did that just by memory?” Clint sounded impressed. “And here I can barely remember what I had for lunch last week.”
they didn't infiltrate SHIELD in this one, this is enough of a headache as is." Hill replied distractedly, leaning over to tack on another note to a wobbly stack one door slam from tipping over.
In his defense, though, it was one of the things he’d only learned about after the fact. Not to mention that it’d apparently been a dicey situation all around and he’d been in ice for most of it, and he hadn't known if it would even still happen, considering how much had already changed, and— okay, point was he wasn’t the remotely the only one who’d dropped the ball, okay?!
"—ad this appointment booked for weeks, just what kind of business are you people running?" Howard Stark continued berating the poor receptionist manning the front desk, and he couldn't help but frown from behind his newspaper.
Wait, had Steve even gone on that mission yet? Ugh. This entire mess was a headache, and he hadn't even left the damn continent.
“…are you fucking serious.” Bucky growled, then hit the lights and made a face as everyone else in the room relaxed.
Both Tony Stark and Iron Man had been requested for consultations on numerous occasions. On one or both sides of the mask, he'd worked alongside local law enforcement, the X-Men, the Fantastic Four [
"He's the media's darling right now, Coulson. I don't need to tell you how much Howard's fallen since he showed up, or the rivalry between Janus Enterprises and Stark Industries, or even that you're currently using a phone that has technology several decades ahead of schedule and damn it—" She let out a sharp breath, then closed her eyes and pinched the bridge of her nose. "This is going to set us back
If you don’t roll with the punches that come with saving the world, then get the fuck out of our way.”
Fury and the others had warned him when they'd pulled him from the ice, but it was one thing to hear Howard had changed, but it was another thing entirely to
Bucky scrubbed a hand over his face and groaned internally. Moments like these, he almost regretted not just copying Steve and taking a 70-year-long nap because then he could've had an excuse ready because this
"I said what I said." Tony replied, and would have sneered if the expression didn't remind him so damn much of his old man. "My employee says he got caught up in one of your guys' missions while investigating an internal matter, which means that there's probably paperwork going to be involved. Are we doing this the easy way, or the hard way?"
In reality, he couldn't stand to be in the same room as his father for more than five minutes, and Howard routinely threatened to disinherit him every time he so much as put a toe out of line.
After all— under other circumstances, seeing a young, heavily-tattooed and powerfully built man towering over an elderly gentleman and spitting curses in Russian might have been cause for concern.
“He’s equal parts urban legend and cryptid.” Fury snorted. “Only shows up once in a blue moon, and he’s as camera-shy as ever.”
He had less than five minutes to come up with a plan of action, but…Wakanda was always a good choice, this time of year, wasn’t it? Even if they were mistrustful of outsiders, there was
A halfhearted shove was worse than useless, incidentally, and Loki tried to look away from their little audience as he fought to keep his bearing as dignified as possible when one had the god of thunder sobbing into his shoulder.
all the work we did to prevent the disaster and Howard’s alleged retirement, he ‘unretired’ nearly as quickly as Barton did during the ‘Civil War’ of our time. Nearly half a decade of work, and the bastard undid all of it within
Turns out helping a suicidal friend with their mental state was even harder than Stephen'd expected, who knew?
But he did it anyway, acutely aware of the wary looks the Midgardians threw at his back, and of the way Thor refused to leave his side.
"My brother. Ran away from our shitty foster parents when he was seventeen, haven't heard from him since. Officially, anyway; things keep on schedule, I'll probably get a phone call from his CO after Fallujah. Should've been in person, but." He gave a bitter smirk. "Guess who was out on a mission at the time?"
"You saw." He said with no small amount of suspicion. "I have no clue why you offered to get me you, but you at least
“You woke up when you fell from the train, didn’t you.” Maria Hill said more than asked, and he nodded.
For every dig they made at him, Tony responded in kind. Influence was lost and gained by inches, he could count on one hand how many people he could trust, and if the stakes weren't so high he might have left— but Stark Industries was a titan and he
"We saw what you did to the Dark Elves." Their Spider said conversationally as he sipped his coffee in...the locals called it Delhi, now. Funny, how things changed when he wasn't paying attention.
Everyone else in the room exchanged a long look, the abruptly-tense silence now just the calm before the storm as the ramifications hit home.
In this world, however, Howard Stark's alcohol problem culminated in the public relations disaster of the decade.
Maybe it wasn't fair of him to pick something as small as a reaction to being told 'no' as a basis for how he'd handle this, sure.
Then, and only then, did she slam down her newspapers, letting them both see the grainy photographs in all their glory.
As well as invented a kick-ass new suit, and on his way out of breaking out of the AIM compound he came across a few
The multiple guns aimed at his afterimage were less welcome, but understandable, and the way Thor and the rest of his allies were looking at him as he faux-absentmindedly started toying with a knife was enough to tell him everything he’d needed to know about the situation.
Everyone knew what he was really asking. ‘How had they missed this?’ ‘How had someone like this flown under their radar?’
as they took in the headlines. Some announcing the CEO and face of the newest company to reach Fortune 500, others telling all and sundry of the turmoil in the stock market and academia as the owner Stark Industries was being accused of extortion and intellectual property theft— a heavy accusation for someone who had once worked on the Manhattan Project. The few that weren't, were proudly introducing the brilliant prodigy who had taken the world by storm. A genius who promised to usher in a new age of innovation, despite the tremendous hardships he'd faced along the way.
“1993.” She answered with a vaguely suspicious frown, and he slumped because huh, maybe they might still be able to fix this after all.
“What's going on?" Clint Barton asked as he leaned back in his chair— only to straighten up when Natasha elbowed him.
In this world, however, everyone had other priorities than coddling junior agents who saw danger in every shadow. For instance, the notorious blood feud between SHIELD and HYDRA, which continued to attract media coverage with every altercation they had. Or some maniacs running around in yellow beekeeper suits, or the Red Room, or the emergence of other groups who continued to make reality that much more fantastical with every day that passed.
Honestly, with the way Howard had been acting recently? He wasn't certain if he'd have been able to handle him even then. How Maria managed it once Howard was on his first brandy, Edwin didn't know and wasn't particularly interested in finding out. Not when he'd taken to escorting young Anthony to his room shortly after dinner, because no child deserved seeing their parents fight. Especially not like this.
“What are we calling it anyway? Time Travelers Anonymous? I mean, considering Nat and I've been around since Budape—” Clint asked conversationally as it died down, only to straighten up at the Deputy Director’s quelling glare.
Tony Stark couldn't afford to slip up. Not here, not now; not when lives were on the line, because he might've been young but his mom had taught him well and he
If he hadn’t clung to what was left his dignity, he would have. Especially as his eyes refocused and it took every scrap of his centuries’ of experience to not react at the familiar glass prison that the Midgardians had once put him in [
Notes the second, and narrowing in on this particular plot line: Tony grows up on the road with Logan [yes,
“Funny what several months of torture and the Mind Stone can do, isn’t it.” He wasn’t going to mention the madness before the fall. He
"Thanks for the help back there." Maria said casually as she let the complete stranger out of her trunk in an otherwise-empty parking garage.
"In my defense, it comes from both sides of the family." After all, Howard had founded SHIELD— otherwise known as 'the super-sketchy government agency that regularly dealt with aliens and mutants'— meanwhile, his mom had singlehandedly created a criminal empire that put Bond villains to shame.
As he made his way to Steve's crash site, part of him felt bad for not doing more for the timeline, but...what was he supposed to do? Just by leaving the Alps he'd already removed one of HYDRA's greatest assets from the equation, he was too tired to deal with anything else at this point. It's not like he owed the universe anything, anyway.
In this lifetime, N’Jadaka grows up as the cousin Prince T’Challa. Grows up to work alongside Okoye in security and intel, and, later on, becomes one of the first of Wakanda’s ambassadors to the outside world.
one of the richest and most influential people in the country. Of course he was able to walk away almost scot-free.
It took a less than a minute, to realize what was going on. For his body to twinge unpleasantly at the old [
else, might have been delighted, at the prospect of another chance. Of being able to fix everything, of being able to prevent the devastation that was yet to come. Bucky, however, couldn’t help but feel horror at the prospect of enduring it
seeing the way one piece fit with another and he'd never really thought about it before. Never had a reason to, for that matter; between his duties as the successor of the Sorcerer Supreme after the Ancient One's death in his past, and the disaster that followed, it... hadn't really come up. They'd all been too busy towards the end, and by then he'd been treated as the leading expert on matters pertaining to magic [
The Ancient One, Wong, and Mordo were all very surprised when Stephen had bolted out after his fight. While they’d anticipated the regular jitters novices had after their first encounter with death, he’d seemed far more distraught than that— but in a very different way.
Because one evening, Howard started in on one of his fights, red-faced and on his third brandy, and either didn't know or didn't care that his son was in the room when he threw his latest tantrum— and that?
Dismayed enough that Tony's knee-jerk reaction kicked in, despite not knowing the guy. "Anything I can help with?"
That’s not even the worst part, though: to add insult to injury, Tony walks away with everything he had to his name, turns around, and promptly starts up a company of his own. No relation to Stark Industries, just technology and AI and whatever it is his mind leads him to and fully aware of just how
"Her motivations are clear enough for us to know she won’t interfere with our main mission. Trying to find either her or Tony is a lost cause at this point in time; if they’ve been able to evade Howard for this long, it’s going to take a while to find any leads.” His voice lowered, but he continued. “We’re down a heavy hitter, and we’re all going to need to make some changes to the plan.”
...low blow. Even Thor was able to notice he'd crossed a line, impossible as though it may have been not five years ago.
It was…even though there were a lot of new unknowns to contend with, for good or bad, there was still a fragile sort of hope in the air their own home had lost sometime after New York.
"It'd be pretty damn obvious, Barton." Fury sighed. "But he doesn't, so we're going to avoid making too many changes."
] but really, he'd just been trying to do his best with what he had at hand even though he lacked Mordo's insight and the Ancient One's experience.
Natasha very carefully didn't tense, even as she replied, "I remember him as the son of a former associate of Howard Stark, he clashed with Tony during the palladium poisoning mess. Why."
"For you to pay attention." Deputy Director Hill glared, then pinched the bridge of her nose. "Nobody appreciates just how much paperwork's involved in saving the world, I
In another world, Tony Stark might have been such a man, and become a master of passive aggression. Might have learned to grit his teeth and worked around Howard’s constant threats of disinheriting him, might have been pushed to greater and greater heights as a Merchant of Death to reaffirm to the world that he was more than just his father’s son.
Tony Stark was eighteen when he took his inheritance, and walked away from everything Howard had to offer.
"Oh, no, I was trying to ask you." Agent replied. "My supervisors wanted me to take this directly to Stark, but..."
...for the most part. In his defense, Thor'd had the assistance of not only the entirety of Asgard, but also quite a few of the more accomplished Midgardians— whereas Loki had only his wits to help him.
"Pleasure doing business with you," Natasha Romanov said with a smile as she shook Ivan Vanko's hand, and it was only all her years of training that kept her from stiffening at Ivan's piercing gaze.
"Anyone want to explain just why I got a visit from the Department of Justice to back off of Vanko?"
“…so you might want to bring him in, is what I’m saying. Erik gave your son— and Wakanda, for that matter— one hell of a headache, where I’m from.” Bucky finished lamely, and took the disbelieving stares he got in stride.
] irony. “I suppose it’s very fortunate I have absolutely no intention going to go through with the plan, then.”
Agent startled, at that. Unusually so, as a matter of fact— a punch to the nose wouldn't have triggered the same reaction a simple 'no' did.
It didn't help that the man responsible for her death limped out of the hospital with little more than a stony expression and a cast, and that his lawyers were able to get the charges down from the aggravated vehicular homicide the district attorney had been pushing for was only adding insult to injury.
Loki Friggason didn’t gasp, didn’t stumble, didn’t blanch. Didn’t give any sign of weakness, as he took his first few breaths since Ragnarok.
he'd woken up just in time to nearly relive one of the worst periods of his life and long before anyone else he knew was even
“Where is Lord Anthony?” Thor asked, looking around the table in search for the missing face with a faint frown.
T'Chaka was currently several months old, lending credence to his story no matter how ridiculous it sounded. Post-apocalyptic time travel bullshit and all.
Steve looked at Director Fury with a wordless plea in his eyes, but the man just shook his head. “He’s right. I know you have this idealized image of Howard, but you’re going to need to get rid of that stat, Rogers.”
Because despite what the media assumed, it takes a special sort of woman to marry one of the most prominent warmongers in America. Takes a spine of steel and nerves to match and, unfortunately for Howard, Maria only ever played for keeps.
Logan was cool. He just sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose when Tony got a bit too carried away with his projects even if it meant the microwave was out of commission for the rest of the week, and patiently sat through his rambling on Butterfingers' newest modifications even if it was clear what he was saying flew way over his head, and even seemed grudgingly amused whenever DUM-E kept bumping at his ankles— though he'd jumped a foot with a snarl and the claws had come out the first time it'd happened because it'd caught him off-guard.
Or use every shred of her image as a pretty young woman wandering around alone in the wrong part of town, all wide-eyed and innocent and most
They were all so, so glad to be alive— but there’d been so, so many they’d somehow left behind, in their home reality. People who they had yet to meet, people who hadn’t even been born, and every time they noticed or caused another change in this world, it was accompanied by a niggling tendril of fear that this was it, this would be the butterfly that would trigger a hurricane that would seal their fate.
Agent almost made a face for a second, then looked back at him evenly. "If you were to open the folder, you would see that the project has nothing to do with the sort. Your company specializes in energy as much as technology, we need your expertise in the former to investigate some anomali—"
Then again, this entire timeline was so damn weird, Loki regularly shoving granola bars and bottles of water at him and dodging Captain America whenever he went out as Spider-Man because—
"Barney?" Steve asked, and immediately realized he'd stepped into uncertain territory by the look on his [
First out of curiosity; then, because Thor's quaint little friends kept making nuisances of themselves and he preferred to not make a scene.
“Hey, answer me this,” Clint cut in, eyes sharp but not disguising the gleam of genuine interest, “were you there for JFK?”
Tony's panic was receding with every second that passed and he wasn't dying a painful death. Obviously, this 'Hulk' guy wasn't so bad, even if he was sniffling a little now.
And if he hadn't already gotten an inkling from 'Hawkeye' about just who these guys were with, the SHIELD logo on her suit erased all doubt. Tony tilted his head for a moment as the ground trembled
] moment, Tony Stark would have never been born and this timeline would've even been more of a mess than it already was.
How many times had they burned the midnight oil working on battle plans, back during the end of days? How many times had they stared down certain death together, with nothing more than defiance and sheer spite going for them?
That this Spider had been struggling ever since he'd come into his power, for in another life, the Man of Iron had been his mentor.
Logan was the exact opposite of the man who featured for Tony's nightmares, and there was probably some sort of dark hilarity in the gruff and scruffy homeless guy being the one his mind had immediately latched onto as being 'safe' but Tony wasn't about to poke at that particular can of worms anytime soon.
She made a face as if to reply, but he powered on. "You've made incredible contributions to the mission. You did a great job at consolidating everything we know and gathering avenues to narrow down hypotheticals, but
But he's as liable to work on that as he is to try and find a practical application for string theory, and he created an entirely new line of polymers while in an argument with Tony.
In that moment, Stephen Strange didn’t look like a novice newly-inducted into magic, didn’t look like a man who’d just had to fight for his life for the first time. No, instead, he met them all with the ease and grace of a seasoned Master of the Mystic Arts, and an enigmatic smile.
"You are among friends, Stephen." Mordo continued, and his heart clenched. "I may not understand why you deemed it necessary to risk interfering with the timeline in such a way, but know this: it is impossible for one man to do everything, but you can always ask for help."
"Oh, I'm sorry, I would have thought you'd heard," perfectly polite, perfectly polite and professional, that's what made up Natalie Rushman [
Staring at a young Prince T’Challa and a fast-approaching-middle-age King T’Chaka, however, he realized he had fucked up.
Not to mention the bad blood between the two. Or the fact that Ivan Vanko was roughly the same age as Tony Stark.
Howard was his friend, but the news of the results of the latest Arctic expedition had seen him in a particularly foul mood, and...Edwin wasn't certain he would be able to weather the storm if he were at anything less than one hundred percent.
But who else were they supposed to ask? Princess Shuri wasn't even born yet, this Tony Stark was very much a chip off the old block and a hot mess to boot— and the other genii were unknowns they were still figuring out.
"I believe your people are operating under a misunderstanding, agent. You're not getting me as a consultant, you can't afford me."
"To be fair, it sounds like you wouldn't have had the chance to learn much about it." The Ancient One said mildly even as her hands moved fluidly in the air above his friend's head, "I'm impressed with your proficiency as is, given the circumstances."
Would have taken the world by storm at 21 when he stepped up as CEO, and from then on pushed his company to greater and greater heights, established himself as a tremendously powerful mover and shaker.
] which meant his reasons for skulking around an abandoned base after dark in the middle of nowhere weren't anything out of the ordinary. Just poking around and seeing what the heck Grey had been involved in, because apparently he was a busy man who only moonlighted as one of Kilian's henchmen, so, really, Iron Man's interest was
He could do something about the grazes, about the burns and abrasions he could pick out even now— but not the look in his eyes.
Here's the thing: Howard Stark was very rich, and very powerful. He was one of the most influential people in the country, and if they ever were to file for divorce? It was no question who'd be the one getting custody of their son.
"Are you questioning my research?" Hill asked with a smile that fooled absolutely no one, which only intensified when Coulson hastily shook his head. "Nope, not a typo. All records point to them being Magneto's kids, and
Mordo moved to help as well, but his attention was caught by the familiar gleam of something gold around Strange’s neck. But wait, that couldn’t be right—
Unfortunately, Maria could understand only too well why. Even now, his split knuckles were closing up before her eyes, and considering his display back there?
less friendly to those he perceives as outsiders [which is basically anyone outside of his family], and while he sticks to his morals with a white-knuckled grip, said morals are...more flexible than most would like.
So, instead he was stuck playing the most convoluted game of chess he'd ever had, with departments and projects and board members as the battleground.
He leaned forward, and gave Steve a light tap on the shoulder as he set about in search of a broom and mop to clean up the mess. "Hey, we've got bigger fish to fry. We've got enough problems with preventing the apocalypse, family drama's nowhere on the list."
It would’ve felt like an illusion, like one of his worst nightmares, except his left shoulder was in
He snapped. Then his shoulders hunched, and he continued. “…that I can say, for certain. But look— I tried to prevent it, okay? It's not my fault Magneto distracted me when I was trying to run security. Fucking Oswald...”
"Okay, just covering basics here." She replied curtly, then made another note. "Different Cuban Missile Crisis, check, need to look into academia in the '60s and we didn't
Pro: Logan's the 'gruff but keeps adopting all these gremlins and would Fight You if you look at them wrong' type. Also, benefit from this is that Logan gets a few more hints towards wtf is up with his past as time goes on. Everyone gets very very confused for obvious reasons [there's records of some Howlett guy fighting in Vietnam??? But also pics that look like him from like 100 years ago???] Con: this Tony is less of a cinnamon roll [when compared to canon and other AUs, anyway],
Tony'd like to think she'd be proud of him, considering everything. Sure, he was a mover and shaker whose main motivation was sheer spite, but if she ever woke up [
Sometimes it worked, sometimes it didn't: he had a bone to pick with that one telekinetic asshole in 1963 [
Unfortunately, however, his image had somehow ended up plastered across the Midgardians' information modules of choice in the process, and as flattered as he was to find that some considered him attractive while fighting for his life against murderous entities, it was still something he could have gladly gone without and Thor would no doubt tease him about if he were to ever hear of it.
They'd all observed Howard Stark at some point or another, and her interactions with Janus Enterprises' CEO had also given her a decent read on his character. As such, she'd briefed them all on what was most likely to happen— prepared them all for the inevitable clash of personalities between the one who had once been one of the most powerful men in the country, and the one who had been raised seeing the worst the Soviet Union had to offer.
], "Howard Stark's security clearance has been revoked and all current contracts have been under revision in light of... recent events."
Here's the thing: Maria Stark was not 'just' a pretty face. Was not some sweet little thing who knew when to keep her head down, was not some demure young woman who didn't know what she was getting into when she married one of the most prominent warmongers in America.
Stephen staggered to his feet, forcing himself to ignore the way his ribs throbbed and the exhaustion that came on the heels of the adrenaline rush because he had to confirm what his memories were telling him, had to
He should have been the one to help. Over a decade of medical school and residency, not to mention undergrad, and he was a master sorcerer now too and it
“I can’t believe I’m saying this, but I hereby call this meeting to order.” Fury said, voice ringing out over the din in the relatively-cramped room.
He gave an aggrieved sigh, then scrubbed a hand over his face. She caught a muttered "—am I even doing this, this is a mistake—" in there as he closed the trunk, and had a beatific smile ready as he turned to her with an even deeper scowl than before.
“He won’t—” Loki starts, already starting to tense again, only for Peter to wave him off with a faint frown because his spider-sense isn’t tingling but he can feel
"We all knew there'd be hard choices, Clint. I know it's not pretty, but it's necessary for this timeline."
And so Phil Coulson found himself walking slowly back to SHIELD headquarters, empty-handed and with a fresh reminder of just how different people could be from the way he'd remembered them.
"Oh, sure. my hours can be weird, but here's my number— I'll see what I can do." Tony said as he pulled out one of
For Thor's friends had also realized the young Spider was a fellow traveler, and endeavored to make contact with him.
There was much work to be done— especially since the Midgardians who remembered a different world were now failing miserably in their endeavor to prevent Ragnarök from happening again.
Later, many fingers would be pointed— SHIELD's blood feud with HYDRA, the emergence of the Red Room, the very first time a genetic mutation reached made international headlines, all of the ripples and waves that were pressing reminders that this world was not the one they had known.
“We do not advocate assassinations, doctor.” Maria Hill replied with an even tone. “But as is, you were not around doing damage control in '96. Even
Less than a month of nodding and smiling sweetly, of seeing her son flinch when her husband raised his voice, of using every shred of leverage she had to gather every single rumor she'd ever heard, every dark secret she'd ever had to hide because Howard had always left the PR side of things to her— and forwarded it to the appropriate offices the same day she walked out of the Stark mansion with her son, a suitcase, and two plane tickets.
"Temporal magic is among the hardest to learn, Stephen." Mordo interrupted his thoughts with a knowing look, "Do not blame yourself for this. Your ability to wield the Eye is a credit to your skill: it has been known to drive the unprepared into madness."
“Because he didn’t want to.” Phil Coulson cut in from his corner of the room, looking at them over his steepled fingers. “Because he didn’t want to prevent some people from being born. Like Wilson. Or Prince T’Challa’s younger sister, who you say he was friends with, or the Spider-Man who sounded really, really young, or…”
He knew where he stood when it came to Logan: there were no mind games involved, no trying to pick through conversations trying to figure out where the trap was, trying to avoid misstepping, trying to avoid being anything less than perfect because he was a
The looks the Midgardians exchanged ranged from disbelieving to horrified, and Thor’s iron grip finally relaxed.
Howard is so insistent, can almost understand his father's clinging to what is quickly being dismissed as a relic of a bygone age. But it’s not enough to make him stay.
Clint blinked, while Director Fury summed up their situation with his characteristic brand of candor.
"In our time, Obadiah Stane was a wily enough bastard that it took putting a hit out on Tony to do him in, and even that was a one-in-a-billion chance because anyone else wouldn't have come back from Afghanistan. This Stane? He's flown under Howard's radar for decades. We need to deal with him, but we're going to have to be smart about it and that means
As such, Stephen was completely unprepared when his portal opened up not to the New York Sanctum, but a firefight in middle of a desert.
The shouting match that'd followed the discovery that his only son was not entirely straight after all, however, was still definitely one for the books. Tony was used to being threatened with being cut off— which, again, Tony wouldn't have cared about, he wasn't in it for the money— but in that fight, Howard let slip just stood to benefit from it and in the span of five minutes, Tony realized what he had to do.
“What have you done?” Wong exclaimed even as he moved to help with the man currently partway through a panic attack.
First things first. After taking a deep breath to steady herself, she pushed back her grief and growing hope and relief, and gave Director Fury a level stare.
The man in question didn’t answer immediately, more focused on checking over the man under his care with all the speed and efficiency that reminded them all of his past as a doctor. Once he was sure the stranger— Tony Stark? But
Hill leaned forward and frowned slightly. “What methodology did you use to make these decisions? How did you account for sociopolitical ramifications? Did you—”
“Do what you will,” Loki started to shrug, before a stray thought crossed his mind. “Although…I do have a question. Where is the Man of Iron?”
“You want an easy target, blame Howard.” Director Fury groused for the thousandth time, “We weren’t the ones who fucked up so badly some woman divorced his ass and vanished off the face of the earth.”
"What the—" Tony managed to get out, even as the blur resolved into a giant of a man who...was hugging him like a teddy bear?
Sometimes, eventually, people might bend, might learn to work around it. Might be able to work together, if push comes to shove. Might learn to put aside their differences, if only for a little while, in order to achieve a common goal.
standing in one of the familiar corridors that made up SHIELD's headquarters. The same one that’d burned to the ground during the HYDRA fiasco, and it wasn’t even the most bizarre thing out of this scenario because it looked like it hadn’t been remodeled since her Operations Management days, and she was talking to a dead man.
“Goddamnit Rogers, you were supposed to pay attention during the briefing.” Director Fury snapped. “
“Woke up, realized HYDRA was about to find me, and fucked off to Wakanda because like hell I was doing this bullshit again. Good thing Azzuri was willing to hear me out.”
see eye-to-eye with his mom. Sure, the guy was also built like a brick shithouse, but...he was never the guy to throw the first punch in just about any fight Tony'd seen him in, and that said something.
“The kid was outside when you two had your confrontation. From what I was able to gather after the fact, he didn’t exactly have a good time in the American foster care system.”
that crashed on their couch one day and then, just like the cat Tony'd taken to feeding when they were in Amsterdam for a few months, proceeded to just...wander in and out of their lives from there on out.
“People, this is serious. Chatter’s picking up on the Winter Soldier being active, and we all know what it means.” Fury continued, and
Finally, Dr. Banner broke the silence. “Steve…I don’t know him, myself, but…just from what I’ve seen, and heard from Tony
Tony felt incredibly offended on principle: even if he'd been curious before, this guy showing just how little he'd considered Tony's opinion killed off any interest he [
Noticing his look, she pressed onwards. “Leave this Tony alone in a workshop for a week, and he’ll somehow set water on fire and make three different robot prototypes. Give Howard access to those same tools, and he’d make a bomb capable of taking out New York City. Different strokes, Steve.”
” Bucky scowled from his spot by the doorway. “One job, all you had to do was keep track of the most high-profile kid in the country, when I did the heavy lifting, and you couldn’t even do that.”
not the one who— I owe him an apology. A really, really big one. I thought he was just being dramatic, just…”
Tony Stark walks away and leaves everything Howard might have offered without so much as a backwards glance. He doesn’t care about the money, about the empire he could have inherited— he cares about how he’d feel having to look at the man responsible for his mother’s condition in the face for the rest of his life.
just rumors, if not even the most sophisticated technology was capable of capturing any hard evidence. And that these sightings were few and far between and were purportedly the same man, even over the span of multiple decades? Clearly just an urban legend, the product of an overactive imagination and not getting enough sleep.
And nothing scared her more than the thought of leaving her son alone to deal with Howard. Not after what they'd seen he was capable of.
Somehow, some way, waking up in the past had broken his friend more than all the horrors they'd faced, and...Stephen was at a loss as to what he could do to help.
And then, when things escalated and his illusions weren't enough, he found himself resorting to pulling out his stolen Tesseract, and...
"I don't know." He raised an eyebrow but obligingly shook her hand, amused despite himself. "Right now I'm going by Logan."
"People, this is the important one." Deputy Director Hill said as she passed out the folders, and he frowned slightly when he noticed the tension in the room.
some parallels. Also ties with civil rights, because this 'Brotherhood' reminds me of stuff I read about Malcolm X
"What Iron Man does on his days off, I don't know and don't care. But if you're harassing him on the clock? You're going to answer to me,
"Still not ready to risk it. We weren't besties the way he was with Bruce, but I'm not comfortable risking the guy's life. Why's this even up for discussion?"
Normally, Maria was able to handle it, able to handle the way her husband seemed intent on crawling into a bottle when he whenever he wasn't on another expedition, able weather the storm without so much as a hair out of place despite having been in a screaming match not five minutes beforehand.
shifting to despair—realizes what’s about to happen, and grabs Tony and hurls them both through the portal before the bomb can go off.
Especially since Thor had ended up needing to run interception for him on Asgard, distracting Heimdall and the Allfather while trying to avoid suspicion. Ugh. If it weren't for the fact that he was also keeping an eye on their mother, Loki would use this to win every single argument they had for the rest of the millennium because he was left completely alone to deal with a fighting force that had devastated Asgard
...however, being handed a file of paperwork by a dangerously-bland-looking agent type in a shadowed car park?
In the ensuing kerfuffle, Tony may or may not have broken a few laws of thermodynamics in his haste to escape his kidnappers.
” Director Fury growled. “He’s the prodigy only son and heir of a multimillion dollar conglomerate and founder of fucking SHIELD,
"Clint, this is the big one. Even bigger than the Steve situation." Natasha said, and he knew it but this was...
Here’s the thing: Tony Stark was raised by Maria Stark neé Carbonell, and Edwin Jarvis. Maria, who taught him how to work the cameras, how to play the game, how to raise
We cannot afford to miss anything, we do not want history to repeat itself and if I have to work overtime to make sure it all doesn't end in fire again, so be it. Otherwise? Get. Out."
So he pastes on a smile whenever he's in public, and when he's not, calls up Richards to argue about his latest paper as he works on a clumsy AI who can't lie a damn and tries not to wonder what his mom would be thinking if she could see him now. Of the way Stark Solutions is booming, and quietly but unrepentantly becoming a major sponsor of groups fighting for mutant and LGBTQ rights [
This ship was supposed to be airborne, was it not? There were fewer people to dodge, as well, but most concerning was the sight he had stumbled upon in his forays.
At that, it was only natural for Natasha to let the corner of her mouth quirk up for just the slightest hint of a sardonic smile. "I'm afraid I don't follow?"
"Yeah. I'd have figured Howard'd have given up when he turned eighteen, but..." Clint shrugged. "Can't really say I blame him, really. God knows I'd have done the same for Barney if I had the chance."
Tony wondered what face he must've made, when Stark Solutions made the headlines three years later for its exponential growth.
tired, and he sees the road ahead and the mere idea of having to do that all over again is just. Too much. He knows the agony that follows, and knows that he was lucky to have survived a bomb to the chest last [
If not for JARVIS, he wouldn't have noticed when she approached him— partly because whoever'd left this notebook had terrible handwriting, but mostly because of just how damn quiet she was. Goddamn ninjas.
"Does anyone remember any chatter about strange mutations?" Maria Hill asked the room at large, not looking away from the first thumbtack on the cork board.
How was she supposed to ask ‘were the last few weeks of my life just a neverending nightmare’, or ‘I did my best but it wasn’t enough and I’ve officially lost control of the situation’, or ‘I’m so, so sorry, we failed and the world ended and I don’t know what happens next’?
— he was surrounded by people who were now fighting tooth and nail for someone who was nothing but a burden, someone who didn't deserve it, who destroyed everything he touched no matter what he did and—
Not that he actually cared; he had better things to do with his life. Though if he sometimes felt a slight surge of petty, vindictive
"Do you have any better ideas? We're already having a hard time with HYDRA and Thor's hammer showed up decades ahead of schedule, we
So what if Agent gave him a wounded look? So what if his Captain America impersonator tagging along was giving him the creeps with his staring, and only the redhead was acting like what Tony'd come to expect from Howard's type of people?
Maria Hill put down her paperwork, and the look she pinned him with had Steve tensing because damn if she didn't look like she was half a second from lunging across the table. "I have yet to pin down the particulars of whatever deal Vanko made to get where he is now, but how did you
bad, you guys,” Steve scolded, slipping on a hoodie over his thin frame, “Really. And we get to go to Tony’s.”
He snuggled down into the bed and sighed softly, feeling warm and fuzzy as Steve tucked in the furs around him. After a moment, his lids went dark, signaling that Steve had blown out the last candle. Just as he was about to fall asleep, his face tingled, and he realized that Steve was in front him and that the tingling was from his gentle breaths. He dared not open his eyes and scare the other man, hoping that the Alpha was only checking on him. A few silent moments ticked by, then Steve spoke in low tones with words completely foreign to his ears, yet with a tone that suggested he was saying something that he would be too afraid to tell Tony in the light. He tucked away the words for later, hoping that he could speak them well enough for Thor to translate.
“Sorry. Didn’t want to contaminate anything, so I sent PJ in and went to get changed,” he apologized before Tony could talk, setting down the things on the side table as he scooped PJ up from the bed, “Let’s go, you. Bathroom, then food and elephant, okay?”
He stopped when Steve reemerged, flushing brightly at the garments in his hands. One held a plain shirt, but the other held the dreaded nursing bra. Tony looked at it, then looked back to Steve, frowning when the Alpha shook it at him.
Fury’s voice broke his train of thought, making Steve blink in surprise and try to stammer out an answer. He quickly flushed and became embarrassed, ducking his head as Fury went back to reading the announcements. After a second, a wet
“Fine, fine. Just ready to eat and get the day started, is all,” Tony lied, moving Peter up to his shoulder so he did not have to look Steve in the face.
“You could just ask, you know,” he said, picking up another piece of potato and holding it out to Steve.
Tony didn’t offer up any sign of recognition, so Steve took a breath and backed off, retreating to the futon to curl up and tug Tony’s old MIT blanket over him. The damn thing was heavy, but that meant it was warm, and in the cold shop, it was almost a necessity for him. Once he was settled and comfortable, Steve went through the box again to look for his next read. Considering it was only a shoebox, there weren’t a lot of books in it to begin with; he read another two stories from Tony’s early teens that had a similar comfort-type theme before he saw an age jump.
“Something like that. They were splicing components of each of our DNA with a synthetic host in an attempt to create advanced children that they could then train to be soldiers,” Natasha answered carefully, looking out the window at Thor and Hulk talking amongst themselves, “If the child displayed advanced qualities, they were kept alive.”
“O-of course, little rabbit, I will make sure we treat them right,” Steve stammered, “I--I will not let them do anything you would not allow, I promise--”
“Shut up,” Steve grumbled, folding his arms over his chest, “I’m trying to make a point. Coming from someone who lives a generally sparse, reserved life, people who fill a room when they walk in kind of make fellas like me a little nervous. I mean, I’m self-aware of it, considering my physical…size…tends to attract attention. I’m still this little scrapper from Brooklyn, and having
“I think I am as well,” Steve said, grinning at Tony’s eye roll, “What? I may not have been able to understand you at first, but even the rasp of your voice--”
“Nat better have a shirt,” he grunted to himself, waiting for Bruce to be done cleaning before they turned and headed for the elevator again.
“See? There are not enough men here,” He explained, shifting his representations of the army to simulate them attacking the under-defended sides, “Men would have to be split to each attack point to defend it, but there are not enough within range that could get there in time to properly ward off the attack. You need to put more men or heavier artillery here.”
She nodded and led the way, keeping a hand on the hilt of her sword as they trooped down to the dungeons. Thankfully, it was empty save for the two new prisoners. Rhodey was in the closest cell on the right, curled up in the corner with his shackled leg stuck out.  Steve had been placed in the farthest cell and was chained to the wall by his wrists and middle, as he was still struggling and snarling despite clearly not being able to break free.
Tony threw on his clothes and leaned against the counter, rubbing the bridge of his nose as he thought. He wanted to launch into another tirade, but even thinking about it gave him a headache. It frustrated him to no end that the Alpha was acting like a caveman. He turned to say this, only to find Steve staring at the water with a flushed face, eyes glassy and lips trembling. All of that anger immediately turned into guilt, and by
“Winter’s warmth? What is that?” Thor asked, grunting when Bruce shoved him aside to be able to get close enough to Tony to feel his forehead.
“PJ, this is Pepper, but you can call her Pep, if you want,” Tony introduced, smiling fondly up at the ginger, “Whatcha want, Pepperpot?”
touch me like that,” Tony snapped, swatting at Steve’s hand and moving Peter up to his shoulder in a protective maneuver, “I still have my autonomy,
There was silence as the realization settled across the room; glances were exchanged, and before Steve could speak, Tony stepped up onto the coffee table.
Tony stepped back out into the main room and paused, noticing a distinct lack of boyfriend in the room. He went over to peek into the main store and found him animatedly talking on the phone, his voice too quiet to hear. Rolling his eyes, Tony skipped over to the mirror to look himself over, turning on his heels to check out his ass from three different angles. He waited another fifteen minutes before going to check on Steve again, becoming concerned when he saw that he was still on the phone, pacing the front of the store. Making an executive decision, Tony gathered up their clothes and stuffed them in one of the store’s purchases bags, scurrying out to the register to hand over his card to pay. The woman working the counter gave him a tight smile as he nearly swiped his card back once the transaction was done, immediately hurrying to Steve’s side to see what was wrong.
“You were not there for his birth?” Bruce asked quietly, to which Tony shook his head, “That must have been awful.”
“Tony, you’re not even forty,” Steve answered patiently, an amused smile on his face, “Everyone’s knees crack. You just looked less…graceful, than usual.”
Not one to look a gift horse in the mouth, Tony closed his eyes again, easily slipping into a heavy slumber. He slept dreamlessly, once again waking to a dark room lit only by candlelight. Groaning, he slowly worked his eyes open, all too aware of his pounding headache.
is for you and the baby to be safe. The fact that you got to me alive and in one piece was a miracle, little rabbit. If anyone other than Thor had found you, I am sure you would have been carted off somewhere to be sold as a slave or used as a bargaining chip with Howard. Perhaps I was hasty, or too drawn in by you, to clearly think through the best path forward. I was angry that you had been hurt and the best way to keep you from ever getting hurt again was to make you mine…even if you do not need my protection.”
“Yes,” Steve answered immediately, “All of them. You trusted me with them, so I’m going to read each and every word in them.”
Steve huffed and leaned down to press a kiss to Tony’s forehead, then moved down to kiss Peter. He smiled and tugged Tony up, placing a hand on his lower back to guide him toward the door. Stunned, Tony slightly dragged his feet, forcing Steve to nearly push him down the hallway. He reached up to touch the place on his forehead where Steve had kissed him, only to bring his hand down and look at his fingers.
He carefully took the shield off and set it aside, then pulled off the boots and skirt, tossing them into the corner. Immediately, the state of Steve’s body became clear: his bruises stood out against his pale skin, and once Tony managed to get him to lower his arm, the deep gash in his side looked like a tiger took its claws to his skin.
Eager, he picked up a piece of meat and ate it, moaning at the bursts of different flavors. It burned his tongue and throat, but he quickly scarfed down the portion anyway, barely able to keep down his pout when he realized he had eaten it all. He looked up to try and ask for more, only to pause at the look on Steve’s face; the man’s eyes were sad despite the small smile on his lips.
“Okay, you guys. As much as sitting on the floor is fun for my old back, I need to get up,” Tony grunted, standing with a small whine, “Right. So, it’s getting late, and a certain someone needs to eat before we have some sort of bath and bed routine. Okay? Steve? You think you can feed him while I get this room ready for him for bed? He likes Clint’s cheerios and there should be apples or carrots somewhere in the fridge.”
“I know, I know, you can feel it too. It is okay, it will be over soon,” Tony soothed, only looking away from Peter to glare at the Prime, “He will calm himself so you can go back to sleep, I promise.”
“I’m guessing you’re Steve?” He said, “You need to leave without speaking any more than you already have, or I will remove you myself.”
Tony stole one more peck before letting Steve go, blatantly checking him out as he left the room. When he turned around to join his friends, he found them already staring at him, equally smug looks on all of their faces. He blushed and scowled as they burst into laughter, then snatched Peter back from Rhodey to plonk them both on the sidelines.
“I am sure, I really am,” Tony shushed, petting Steve’s cheek, “I thought about it while you were away, and… I want it. I want this. I want
Tony stared at Steve, fiddling with the straps of his backpack awkwardly. He shifted his gaze to his feet, shuffling a bit; he’d never been to a school like this before, and he wasn’t even sure what a cubby
Tony looked over at Steve sitting in his cell, curled up against the back wall. He could feel the confusion and possession of his mate still burning hot in his chest, and he knew that if it were him, he would want Steve to stay.
“So you are being possessive by attempting to keep my body hidden while leaving yours out on display? How is that fair? Why should I wear something to keep others’ gazes away when you refuse to do the same?”
Sucking in a breath, Tony steadied himself and waited for the white coats to finish talking amongst themselves before striding into the room. He waited for PJ to be returned to his bed and wheeled out of the room, then turned his attention to the SHIELD agents.
The boy nodded quickly, grasping at her hair again with a soft gasp. A few of the others laughed, to which he ducked his head, shyness evident in his gestures. Watching it from afar, Tony carefully sat down at the wet bar, pulling out his phone for a second. Noticing a couple dozen texts from Rhodey, he groaned to himself, knowing he was in trouble. He set off a quick text then pocketed the device, turning his attention back to the current meet-and-greet,
He worked slowly as to not jostle the babe too much, methodically working down his arms and legs with the soap until he felt decently clean. He made sure to have a good hold on Peter before he got up and stepped out of the bath, letting the water drain and putting the bar of soap back where he had found it. There were no drying cloths in sight, so Tony headed out into the bedroom, figuring they could air dry for a bit while he scrounged through the closet for more clothes. Just as he crossed halfway through the room, the door swung open and he stopped, eyes widening when he realized Steve was standing frozen in the doorway. Acutely aware of his nudity and Pete’s attachment, he tried to say something, but Steve was faster; the Alpha squeaked and clapped a hand over his eyes, ducking his head down. He tried to back out of the room, but he instead smacked into the wall, groaning and clutching at his back.
He blinked, taking a second to digest the information; he beckoned them over, shakily reaching up to take Peter from Steve’s arms. The babe babbled up at him, no doubt confused from the passing around.
Feeling Tony’s hand go rigid on his thigh, Steve held his breath and hung his head, knowing the gig was up. Anxious, suffocating seconds ticked by until the other spoke.
“Oh, screw off, I can carry it,” He snapped, only to recoil and look ashamed, “Sorry. I didn’t mean that. It’s just—”
“There’s a temperature flux in the far wall,” he noted, going over to feel on the concrete, “And since they’re really cliché villains—”
The guard broke his stoic gaze to flick his eyes over, nodding once before turning back to staring straight ahead. Sighing softly, Tony headed back into the shower, deciding to leave his own underwear on.
Though he could not read the words on the page, the set up of the document was familiar, as he easily recognized what a city layout looked like. The Warlord compound was massive, sprawling off of the page onto separate pieces of parchment that Steve had arranged around the main piece to form a full picture. There were strange markings all around the surrounding wall, but after a quick analysis, Tony deduced what most of them meant, including gates, city plumbing, and various defenses that were sketched out. The last on the list interested him on the most, and as he went around the city looking at the design and placement of the defenses, realized that something was wrong.
“For the most part, it was fine,” he started, “Other than the getting banged up. However, Zola was intent on having us shipped out to a different location for testing. I’m hoping that Nat will bring back enough information that J can do a scan and get us some coordinates. Getting out of there was a bit of a fickle. Rhodey didn’t tell me it was him jailbreaking us, so I figured we were just running for our lives until Clint and Steve showed up. I collapsed somewhere in the middle of it all, and woke up at your—”
“I know that, Captain Obvious. Would you leave me alone, for like, ten seconds? I’d appreciate not being raked over the coals for saving your life.”
“Oh, shoot, I hadn’t even thought about that,” Tony grunted, gingerly holding PJ’s right arm upwards so Bruce could begin wrapping the tourniquet, “He’d really need to see SHIELD if he had asthma, anemia, an inhibited immune system…”
“You should have asked me earlier, Captain. I can simply phase the bullets out,” Vis said, dumping them into Steve’s palm and phasing out of the shower.
“I know you don’t believe me,” Tony answered, his brows creased in concern, “It’s okay. I understand. I didn’t like it either when my Dad left me alone. I won’t do that to you. I promise. I’m going to be right here beside you, whenever you need me.”
“Anthony,” his Mother chided softly, laughter evident in her tone of voice, “No need to be afraid. They are going to love you, darling.”
“Jay said you, ah, decided that the water was a bit forceful, so you broke my house,” He continued, screwing the headpiece back on, “So I did some research, found an old forties showerhead, and refitted it with better metal so it can actually withstand full pressure in case you ever want to try it. Until then—”
Immediately, he was accosted by Steve and dragged away to a more private area where Steve could look him over, cupping his large hands around Tony’s face to brush his thumbs over his cheeks. He was concerned: Tony could feel it radiating off of the Alpha.
He closed the book and set it aside before turning to PJ, smiling at the boy fast asleep on his chest. Realizing he couldn’t move, Tony sighed, but opted to let his mind wander instead of calling to JARVIS for someone to bring him work to do. Relaxing back in the chair, he closed his eyes, idly petting PJ’s soft curls as childhood memories filled his head: there, in the piano room, Maria sitting by his side at the age of four, a gentle hand on his back in encouragement as he nimbly played ‘Three Blind Mice’ from memory. He flashed forward, seeing himself at age six, curled up by Maria’s side as she read
“Thank you,” he whispered, laying the dress down on the bed and running his fingertips over the soft fabric.
I apologize for this chapter taking so long. Life has been very hectic lately and finding the motivation to write during it can be difficult. I hope you enjoy this one while I begin the next :)
It was quiet for a moment, until Steve’s shoulders began to shake. He laughed, bending over at the waist to put his head in his hands as he shook. Tony merely stared at him, dumbfounded.
He flicked his eyes up to Steve in time to see the blond shrug, the light flush on his cheeks not going unnoticed. However, Tony kept that to himself, not wanting to accidentally embarrass Steve any more than he already had. Instead, he let his eyes drift over the Captain’s face, mentally cataloging the tired creases in the corners of his eyes and the laugh lines that stretched with a fond smile as he looked down at the clearly exhausted child. The picture was oddly Madonna-like, though Tony felt like he should probably go to confessional for comparing Steve to the Virgin Mary.
“Aw, geez, Cap, no need to kill me here,” Tony grumbled, swiping his tool back up to keep working, “Jay said you…weren’t a fan of the shower. So, I’m fixing it.”
Before Tony could respond, Steve growled back, going so far as to bare his teeth. Rhodey immediately did the same and growled louder, which attracted the entire room’s attention. As the Alphas began to nonverbally fight over him, Tony made eye contact with Bruce at the next table over, recognizing the discomfort in the doctor’s posture.
Probably the most annoying thing he had to get used to was people assuming that, since he was nearly 90-years-old, he would have trouble learning new technology. Sure, he missed out on a ton of technological history, but he didn’t need a lecture on using a damn coffee maker.
“You should probably get the other two before they knock the door down,” Tony reminded him, earning a big pout from Steve, “What? You know I’m right. Well, okay, they can enter on their own time, I guess—”
your fault,” Tony said, starting to rub circles onto Steve’s back, “There’s a lot of people at fault, but not you. Never you, sweetheart. Besides, the people who did this are long dead.”
of him, and he realized there was another person in the room. He evened out his breathing to make it as quiet as possible, tightening his muscles in case he needed to fling himself over Steve’s body. Just as he was about to nudge Steve awake, something soft smacked him in the face, causing him to yelp in surprise. Immediately, Steve was up and protectively crouched over Tony, only he laughed and settled back onto his side with a sigh.
Tony nodded, scooting over slightly so Steve could sit next to him and also lean up against the tree. Steve eagerly pulled out his own cheese sandwich and started to eat, talking excitedly about recess.
She nodded, and once Tony had been moved into a private room, she began the diagnostics, only to have Tony wave for her to stop.
Already starting to shiver, PJ looked warily at the water, fear evident in his eyes. Slowly, Tony put his hand out, waiting for a few beats until the child shakily placed his own hand on top. Taking that as an okay, he dipped the cloth in the water and awkwardly lathered it up with one hand before squeezing out the extra water. Carefully, he took the cloth to PJ’s skin, whispering comforting words as he cleaned the grime and stickiness from his small form.
“I know you are only looking out for me, and I love you for that,” he continued quietly, “But Steve is a good man. The things they taught us about the Warlords were not true. Give it a few days, then make your judgment, okay?”
From behind Steve, Thor spoke, having been hovering over them the entire time. Steve turned and nodded, motioning back to Tony to move with him toward the head of the table. He pulled out the large chair and sat, only to grab onto Tony and pull him down onto his lap. Tony squeaked and glared at him, but Steve merely smiled and pulled a plate of food on the table closer to them. He picked up a piece of fruit and offered it up, apparently not concerned about the group of people staring at them.
“Good, that’s it,” Tony encouraged softly, a small smile on his lips, “You’re safe here. We—ah, when we found you, you didn’t have a name. Or, at least, we couldn’t find a record of one. Do you have a name? Something those bad people called you?”
Still hiccupping slightly from the outburst, PJ pressed his face into Tony’s touch, seeming to seek out the comfort rather than his usual stance of shying away from it. Tony was careful to take even breaths, not wanting to scare the child again; he waited until PJ’s breaths evened out and he was snoring quietly for him to sigh in relief.
He slid his eyes over to guiltily look at Tony, quickly shoving his pack into his locker and pulling out his books for first period.
Not missing how drastically Steve’s face dropped, Tony held PJ a fraction closer as he turned on his heel, taking them out to the living room. Seeing as most of the Avengers had stayed to chat, they turned when they entered, causing PJ to shyly duck his head into Tony’s neck. Tony merely patted his back, ignoring the others in favor of looting through the boxes to look for goodies.
Tony beamed, remembering his parents’ promise: after the show, they were finally going to let him bring
Each foot step they took on the marble tile made an eerie echoing sound that bounced off every wall in the lobby. It was too quiet. It made Bruce think of the very same places he used to hide in while on the run not so long ago. It was abandoned and gloomy but it wasn't like it was trashed or anything. It actually gave him a sense of home even when he did look down at the floor. It gnawed at him and reminded him of something he didn't want to think about at the moment.
Tony woke up gasping for air. Every inhale burned like an inferno. He was in such unimaginable amount of pain he could hardly think. Gripping the sheets with whatever strength he had left, unable to keep the cries from remaining contain. That didn't prevent him from trying; he bit his lip and muffled them best he could. He hated pity and he wasn't about to submit to this feeling how unbearable it may be.
In hindsight he probably should have been the one to deal with the threat the first time rather than Stark. But it couldn't be helped; he figured since he was able to deal with one of greater magnitude only a few days earlier, that the next one would barley be of concern. It was a bold and stupid move he thought; after all he could tell the iron man was not in his right mind. Mortals didn't have as much tolerance in comparison to Asgardians.
Steve began to count down from one than on two he pulled as gently and quickly as possible at the angle it was set. Figuring it was better than the suspense of waiting till the count of three. The less expectant the quicker it would go and it would hurt less than when tensing in preparation. It was a trick he learned during the war. There were a lot of casualties that had to be dealt with as quickly and cautiously as possible.
He'd become accustom to the worst case scenario after enduring it for so very long. He'd lost so much in the 70 years he was frozen. He couldn't save his friend just like he couldn't save every individual during the war. Still he was praised and admired as a hero. He didn't feel any different and nowhere near the sort. In the end everything a cared about disappeared in what seemed like an instant.
Tony’s room really wasn’t that far from his it was quite convenient. It felt like he was at his door in an instant daring to go inside. He’d never seen the inside before, he wasn’t even sure if he’d be able to navigate it. He was lucky to find the door was unlocked as he let himself in, overnight bag in hand. Tony’s room was extra large and dark besides the dimmed recess lights lining the ceiling. The atmosphere was sort of ominous and displacing for Steve, still the furniture that filled it was exquisite.
He snapped back to reality before the man even noticed he was completely out of it for a moment. A drew a now faker smile on his lips as he worked to push the nagging uneasiness into the back of his mind. He took in a deep breath, well as deep as he could manage without hurling over or becoming comatose out of the stress put on his body.
Even though he found Tony’s boorish ego overwhelming at times, he knew it was just the façade he hides behind. After everything he’s heard, from what he’s read about him. He was good at putting on a face. It was his coping mechanism. It’s fair to say there’s been a change. He has a cause.
They finished with seconds to spare any longer and who know what would have happened. They were extremely lucky in getting there when they did. With this kind of injury would have had a normal person dead within 10 minutes without medical attention. They'd downed in their own blood before anyone could reach them, but something was keeping Tony alive. His lung was fixed for the time being but unfortunately some of his ribs had broken because of the impact and others were at least cracked. There was also a minor fracture in his spine that itself would take quite a while to heal. Overall the operation took a few good hours to complete, all while his friends waited patiently for any word about his condition. Not really talking much either.
"No offense Thor but your kid brothers got a few kogs missing from his machinery up stairs and the only go I believe in wouldn't be a battle crazed race of barbarians, again no offense Thor." Steve quickly retaliated, not meaning to insult the man but rather to speak him mind. Which he'd always did.
I am back in space. Home was in the opposite direction and I was facing an armada in which I have no means of defending myself. The suit is no longer responding, blatantly unable to correspond once on another plan. Jarvis stopped talking to me and I am left with only my thoughts. Although pessimistic they were there, speaking to me. They're coming at me, their target: the small hole I assume was still behind me and well beyond my reach.
Still there's no excuse for leaving him all alone after going through so much, it didn't seem right. Steve sat up quick his mind made up. That's it. He'd had enough waiting as he sprang up quick to his feet. He's headed back to the hospital to wait at his friend's side.
"No I got it.. But I didn't think I was that drunk..." Tony said slowly coming back to reality now that he was settled, although his head was swimming and the throbbing feeling has yet cease. In fact he felt sick to him stomach and hunched over expecting to vomit all over. Hoping it would finally relive this sick feeling.
"Jarvis can you scan the materials for me and give me the specs." She flipped a few switches that were hidden underneath the table. The flat surface opened up to show a shallow divot like a sink that was lined with a reflective material. She set the item carefully in the vat and a gridded blue light shined over the top of it, reflecting off the metal and glistening with the reminisce of blood.
Blood still ran from his chin while he silently painted. He continued to shudder underneath the blankets. The doctor held up a hand and felt Tony's forehead. He could tell a growing fever from the radiating heat from his temple. As for the blood well that wasn't a surprise. His lung has yet to fully heal. Bleeding was bound to happen time to time.
That was the cherry on the top of his snooping and he knew it was time to wrap it up. He careful placed everything back in its place keeping an eye out for anything else he could grab. He noticed a picture of Pepper sitting on his nightstand, ‘Happy birthday boss.’ He picked it up; Tony probably needed to see her smiling face.
"Steve I feel really horrible. Like all of this is my fault. If I just tried to stop him from flying up there then none of this would of happened. He wasn't fit to be out there like he was; at least if he would have been sober then maybe he would have been able to dodge it in time."
Steve stood from his seat without a single word. A tightened expression plastered on his face. He put his chair back where he found it and the pair walked out of the room, Bruce closing the door behind them. They walked down the halfway in silence. At two in the morning the hospital wasn't super busy and they were the only ones walking around at least on that side of the building. Only the sound of their footsteps echoing in the hallway gave to the silence. After rounding the corner Bruce decided it was time to break the silence. "What do you think he meant?"
“I’ll speak with shield in the morning to see what we could do about the attacker; trace the location where the missile came from.”
Between gasps for air he gave the room another look over and noticed a small digital clock in the corner. It read 4:46 am. Slowly the why of him being there was returning to him. The alcohol in his system had completely dissipated by now especially with the aid of numerous medications. Just the throbbing headache and horrible pain remained. It was too much to bear; he felt he needed to move even if I was just a little. He grasped the rail of the bed to hoist himself up.
He chuckled to himself in satisfaction, quickly spinning a complete 180 in the sky before he flew in the direction of the new Avengers headquarters. With an unsatisfied hankering for vodka on the rocks as his post victory drink. Feeling as though there was one more reason to continue the celebration, since he had 'saved the day' once more. Though he was working more towards lowering his ego it would surely take a while. This was Tony Stark after all.
Steve chuckled once more before grabbing the handle to the top floor. They were met with two all too eager spies nearly falling on top of them as they opened the door. It had been obvious that they'd been ease dropping on the two of them through the door. There was a look of worry on their faces but not as intense as Steve's from the hospital. Them being processionals at obtaining information and deciphering a situation based on speech patterns alone, they could already tell from their laid back attitude that they had good news to share. But they still needed to hear his words before they could finally relax.
He likes to believe he's making a difference in the world, when in fact he completely ignore the fact that he was the one that helped make it that way in the first place. I suppose that's why he contributes to self poisoning with every dose of alcohol. It helps dull the guilt that lingers within him.
I remember where I am now, stuck in my head again. This is a bad place to be, in my dreams. A place I know is false yet then again doesn't stop it from feeling any less real. The same reoccurring thoughts cross my mind. I hate this place it's supposed to be a place of comfort but that's never been the case. I only feel anxiety. Fear.
"You good," he said before placing a hand on his shoulder. The other shifted slightly but nodded, taking in a deep breath before leaning his head back against the head rest. His eyelids were closed tightly until a moment passed and he opened them back again. The bright green tinge slowly melted into his usual soft brown eyes. "Just stressed out but I can handle it, I promise."
Thor looked at the two utterly confused until he looked up what was displayed up on the big television screen."What's this all about?" He blurted out in confusion, not used to such technology conveying such intricate pictures as well as the numbers that go with it. He looked at the other two in the room, the spider women burying her face in her folded arms and the bowman starring at the ceiling with his arms behind his head. Thor arched an eye brow and walked over to the couch, setting his hammer down on the table and sitting across from the other man. He cupped his hands in his lap, waiting for some kind of answer that would be more satisfying than the one he would have to come up with on his own.
"He being a rich boy and all he'd be able afford another liver if he needed to. It's no big deal." Clint scoffed from his seat on the far side of Natasha. Bruce just rolled his eyes at his snide remarks. He figured he was too good to be playing along in this childish game. "Well no one said anyone in particular had to be the funny one." Hawkeye was the one to give him props for a least trying. Thor only joined in once he saw the awkward look on his face when he was denied laughter.
"Monitor his systems and keep a close eye on him. Make sure his temperature doesn't spike." The doctor said as he exchanged the near empty blood bag and saline solution with a fresh ones. Most of the people crowding the room dissipated as the situation deescalated. With his patient in stable condition he brought over some water in a cup with a straw, given the look of Tony's chapped lips he could tell the poor man was parched. It was greatly appreciated as he nearly emptied the cup, the doctor leaving him with a fresh one before stepping out himself.
He was thankful no one noticed him. He didn’t think he could do the celebrity hero thing. He just kept his hood up and his head down as he came up to the hospital. The girls at the front desk were shocked to see him enter, they’d caught a glimpse of him as he left earlier but they weren’t quite sure it was know they thought he was. They also heard about the special guest in their care.
The three started walking towards the opened glass panels. They prepped themselves for the rest their celebration especially now that the minor disruption had been dealt with. Tony already making darting glances towards the bar, some could say those were signs of an alcoholic, although Tony liked to think of it as more of a prideful luxury. He'd always been accustomed to drinking but when you're one of the riches people in the world. With an inexhaustible amount of money you tend to pick up habits. He felt different though, a sick feeling down in the pit of his stomach.
If anything the ones who remotely registered his words gave him a dirty look for not taking the situation at least half seriously, being a Shield agent and all. Natasha was especially disappointed but if anybody knew him it was her. It was never wise to give him too much to drink this is how he got after one too many. I mean it started out as a celebration after all. Unfortunately that didn't change the way Natasha thought about it."Really Clint.. You pick now to make a lame ass joke..." She said judging her friend and coworker.
I am still again. Broken. I think I am home but I cannot see anything. I am heavy and I can't breathe. Frozen. Am I back in the void? No, I can see Pepper crying. I hear the muffled sobs that refuse to be contained behind a pair of soft hands. And Rhodey with that blank almost dead look in his eyes. This must be what it's like when you die. Others around you suffer. I'd hate to believe that anyone really cared that much. Most only look out for their best interests. Or at least it would be easier if they did.
Tony hovered directly in front of the incoming projectile; a thick dark gray trail of toxic concentrated smoke leading behind it. The missile itself however wasn't anything out of ordinarily just a typical run of the mill version of the cheapest thing Tony himself could manufacture back in high school. Nothing to get overly carried away with, especially not something he would unleash his entire arsenal out on. I mean sure even if it was as small and pathetic as it may be, it could definitely cause some tedious damage to his beautiful tower.
He approached cautiously this time and waited for some sort of answer. Tony looked at the needle then back at the doctor and managed a small nod. It was enough of course but every little movement brought with it a shudder of pain. No matter how subtle it was it still hurt like hell.
That's why he always had the deep seeded urge to be the center of attention since he never received it growing up. This time however he wasn't in the mood for attention even though everyone was giving it. It had been a long time since someone showed real concern for him that wasn't political. It was an odd feeling but he could tell the Steve really meant what he said. You could tell by the way he carried himself and the tone in his voice that there was something he'd lived through that still haunted him. Perhaps Tony was too quick to judge him; he truly was one in a million. An honest, caring, and misunderstood soldier that wasn't the show boat he'd grew up believing him to be.
"Not just to be the muscle but also the influence and the guide that gets good people back on the track to being the best they can be as well as doing what is right. I've always been like that, even when I didn't have the strength to protect people that never stopped me from trying. Believe it or not but I used to be just shy of 5 feet when I entered the service and now I guess you could say they kind of made me into a monster. I may not have the technical know-how like the rest of you guys. But I'm glad to be of use to such an outstanding group of wonderful people."
He hadn't the slightest idea the state he was in until his vision blurred and he looked through everything around him, blocked out by an insatiable white noise. The only familiar thing he could make out were the distorted sight of his friends with their echoed voices reminding him where he was back at the tower. He hadn’t even realized he’d been hit until collapsing in front of his teammates. All he could think about was how tired he was, it was obvious to everyone else he’d undergone a state of shock.
Bruce followed behind them and pressed the bottom that would take them to the lobby floor, the doors automatically closing after them. He stayed by their side and tended to the one in the other's arms. Steve leaned up against the metallic wall of the elevator and patently waited as the floor passed slowly. Tony was slowly fading and he could tell he was starting to fight just to stay conscious. Fresh blood continued to flow from the wound and leaving a trail wherever it fell. Even though he bound him to the best of his abilities before they left, it continued to seep through. Bruce held his hand down on the makeshift bandages to cover it. Both their hands as well as their clothes were stained red. It looked like they just murdered somebody, but there was the regret and sadness on their faces to show otherwise.
Tony blinked lazily rolling his head to the side meeting Steve in the eyes. He concentrated on breathing, his lungs only working at a third of their compactly.
The slow ride down the numerous amounts of floors felt like it was killing them more than the one in critical condition. He watched his chest slowly rise and fall to pass the time and ease the tension in his body. The anxious feeling he had was torturous, he could stand it. There was a hard lump in him throat he wasn't able to swallow. The choking feeling of not knowing what might happen. Not knowing how this would play out. He could only reassure himself that the other was still holding on. He was still breathing. The light in his chest showed that, no matter how much cloth covered it, the light continued to shine. He always meant to ask him what it was for or where it came from but he had a funny feeling it would be total awkward, so he avoided bringing it up.
Red trickled down his chin profusely all over the bed spread and white tile in front of him. He hacked slightly from the pressure that set on this good side. The doctor rushed over and carefully pulled him back in his bed. Tony winced and panted best he could manage, blood thinly trickling down with chin. His eyes were unfocused and darting around the room.
Natasha arched her eyebrows at the last comment he'd made. If anyone understood how he felt it was her. The only reason she was born was to become an assassin with absolutely no emotion. So is to never get attached and potentially fail a mission. That was her entire purpose in life, to serve. For once she was beginning to feel exactly the way he was describing. Like she belonged and wasn't just a battle ready pawn. Perhaps she was regaining what little emotion she had left.
The wound pulsed along to his heart beat. He flexed against it as the feeling shot across his abdomen like wild fire, too intense for him to bear. He bit his tongue stifling his cries. His mind was clouded and he could feel himself on the verge of passing out again. Then suddenly he was swarmed by numerous doctors who only upset his confusion.
"I mean your words must have struck close to home for Widow over there. She was practically trained to disregard her own feelings for the sake of some mission. The most of us are considered outcasts you're not the only one. What all have our faults and antics but we we're all here for a reason. We help people even though we've all had shady pasts." Out of all the idiotic things he'd said all day, that remark was by far the wisest he'd heard from Tony all day. It was the truth; all of them were considered broken birds without the wings to fly, although together they could soar however far they wanted to. I mean look at what they accomplished just a few days ago. They worked as a team for the first time and together they saved everyone. And that was something to be proud of.
"Yea and don't forget to wear your seat belt Tony. Remember click it or ticket." Clint interjected with a snobbish resonance in his laughter obviously attempting to be the funny man in this situation. No one was buying it. Everyone either looked nervous or near discussed, well the ones that acknowledged him did. Honestly Bruce and Steve were too caught up in the situation to be bothered by his unusual ignorance.
He didn’t acknowledge her until she spoke up, her voice low quiet. “Take it you couldn’t sleep either?”
"Well if everything's good for now then I'm going to follow Thor's example and hit the hay." Clint said before standing to his feet and yawning real big, which always gave Nat the urge to sock him right in the gut. Him being one of the sharpest agents shield had to offer, still never saw it coming and the reaction was always priceless. But she refrained remembering that it never ended well. He walked off whipping the sleepy tears away from his eyes.
After much coaxing, he finally got PJ to his feet and helped him into the room. Shushing him softly, Tony held his hand out again, watching as the boy shakily rested his palm on top of Tony’s.
Bucky’s eyes nearly popped out of his head, making him look like a bubble fish. He was quiet for a second before standing, chair screeching as it scraped against the linoleum.
“It should be okay. Pete will nap for a while anyway,” he decided, “Let me tell him so he does not worry.”
“Nat might let you on the cheerleading team?” Tony suggested, grinning when Steve pulled back to glare at him, “You think I’m kidding? You could do it. Just need to get you a brace, y’know?”
“My fault,” Steve said quietly, bringing his arms up to wrap around Tony, “Had a nightmare. Think I scared him.”
“Glad you came up so fast. We wanted to call a team meeting to talk about this,” Natasha said quietly, a t-shirt bunched in her other hand, “Let’s go into the other room to get him dressed while Bruce brings them up to speed.”
Steve took another breath and shook his head; this wasn’t about Howard, this was about Tony, his wonderful, gorgeous, brilliant Tony, trying to wrestle with things he didn’t understand by going to one place he felt safe.
He motioned at them to stay then bolted from the room. Tony could only roll his head over to look down at his baby, attempting to rock him to still his tears.
“Hi, peanut, yeah, it’s Papa,” he said, stumbling over his words, “I’m on my way home, kiddo. I’ll be back later tonight to be able to tuck you into bed.”
“I’m not sure,” He finally answered, turning his gaze to PJ’s sleeping form, “I know I want to get to know him. Especially since he’s my kid, too.”
“Steve, we have a problem,” Natasha said as she entered the room, causing Steve and Clint to stop investigating their own papers.
Shocked at being caught, PJ stumbled backward, his heel catching on Steve’s leg. Gravity took hold as the boy fell, causing him to plop down into the middle of Steve’s lap. Watching it happen in slow motion, Tony held his breath, sending off a few prayers to Odin that this didn’t set them back to square one for trust. PJ looked at him, then looked up at Steve, who merely offered a reassuring smile. Seemingly comforted, the boy settled back against Steve’s chest and kept his hand in Steve’s palm, opting to offer Bucky a smug look that only a two-year-old could muster. Tony watched the exchange with an open mouth, completely floored.
“Mmm, felt like 80,” Tony murmured, taking a look around the room as he tried to not think about Steve’s hands on him, “Is—is this a cabin? Seriously, I don’t remember ever buying a cabin.”
“It’s not just a story, love. I knew I was waiting for my best fella, even then,” Tony interrupted softly, lacing their hands together, “Sure, I was…low. But this—”
He looked up, and Tony realized the other boy had things looped over his ears. They were definitely machine-looking, but Tony wasn’t sure what they were, and he knew better than to ask.
“At ease, Captain. I have a message for all of you, not just your husband,” Fury answered, clearly unimpressed with Steve’s display.
“Thanks, buttercup,” Tony mumbled gently, “But…it’s not safe. I tried it with—I tried it before, and it ended in a mess of trouble. It’s easier this way.”
“Right,” Steve confirmed, his smile finally reaching his eyes as he leaned in for another kiss, “Together.”
Tony opened his mouth to object, but at Natasha’s stern look, he knew to at least think about it. Looking down at the boy in his arms, he grumbled under his breath, fiddling with the blanket the child was wrapped in.
Tony giggled at that, immediately snapping out of his sleepiness to pay attention. Usually, Health was a boring class about eating healthy and nutrition, but they were supposed to get to the chapters about
“Alright. You do that. That means all three of you, plus Vis, Nat, and Sam are on Team Alpha,” Tony said, pouring himself a cup and holding it between his hands, “I’m here, for sure, with Bruce. I’d like Wanda here, too. I know splitting her from Vis is hard, but we could use the manpower.”
“Yeah, smart,” Steve interrupted with a sigh, laughing when he felt Nat’s gaze on him, “Sorry. Tired.”
“I think Rhodey retired for the night--are you alright? What did he say?” He asked softly, brushing a thumb over Tony’s cheek.
, was all he managed before a fist poked through the door opening to knock, followed by Steve’s face.
“You saw the man we captured?” Steve asked, continuing at Tony’s nod, “He chose to stay and fight when the others retreated. Challenged me one-on-one. He almost beat me, too. Managed to lop off my braid and slice my side, but he was too angry. Not having a clear head can make you clumsy and misjudge your steps. I caught him when his lunge was too deep. Too much strain on the back leg.”
Tony bit his lip and nodded, tears immediately welling up in his eyes at the thought. He tried to wipe them away on his sleeve, but Bruce was fast on the draw and offered him a handkerchief. He took it without question and dabbed at his face, gritting his teeth to keep from outright bawling.
“Last night, St—the Prime was working on this map and I happened to notice that the, uh, the defenses are wrong,” He started, only to shake his head and backtrack, “Not wrong, but, ah—weak. The eastern and western walls are susceptible if the enemy had enough brains and men.”
“C’mon, James,” Natasha said coolly, unfolding herself from her chair to go put a hand on Bucky’s shoulder, “We’ve known this for months. No need to get riled up.”
She fiddled in her stall for a moment, then reappeared with a long scarf. She eyed him up and walked around him once before pointing at Peter and putting her hands in front of her chest, mimicking holding the baby in the middle of her chest. He entertained the charades and moved Peter, bristling slightly when she moved in to adjust his hold. Then he froze, as she began to wrap him and Peter in the scarf. She went up and around and under, twisting and adjusting as she went. Finally, she tied it under Peter’s bottom, stepping back to eye her handiwork. He felt gussied up, but then she stepped into his space and grabbed both his hands, squeezing them as she pulled them away from Peter. As if by magic, the baby stayed put on his chest, clearly unbothered by being wrapped up in the cloth. Stunned, Tony’s jaw dropped, and both the woman and Steve laughed.
One of the drivers in front of them turned around and spoke to Thor. He nodded and spoke back, patting the driver on his shoulder.
PJ gave Steve a suspicious look, but chose to drink from his cup and lean back against Steve’s chest. Tony watched them with his jaw unhinged, shaking his head when Steve raised an eyebrow.
“Are you jealous that Rhodey is an Alpha?” Tony asked once they were alone, rolling his eyes when Steve’s eyes went wide, “Oh, do not take me for a fool. All Alphas growl over their territory when another approaches. He and I are friends, not bondmates, and we never would be, anyway.”
“...I have to agree with Tony,” Clint voiced from the back of the room, “Not that I do not mind your body, Steve, but I may have fewer nightmares if my eyes are not constantly assaulted by your delicates.”
He tugged on the rope to bring the horse forward, showing the crowd a person with a bag over their head and their hands tied behind their back. They did not move nor flinch when the crowd’s noise picked back up again, displaying either an incredible amount of self-control or they were able to sleep sitting upright.
Together, they poured over the papers they could find, both silent as they absorbed the horrifying experiments that had been conducted in the room they stood in: a directive by HYDRA to create a new wave of super soldiers was being carried out, using modern genetic technology.
Steve roared back and kept struggling, so Tony pushed down harder, feeling Steve’s muscles bunch and tense under the skin. He dug his nails in until Steve settled and started to pant from the strain, hanging loosely from the wall. Slowly, Tony moved his hand away, concern bubbling up in his chest when the Alpha began to whimper and struggled again to get closer to him.
He woke with a start, blinking rapidly up into Bruce’s concerned eyes. He managed a half-smile, but the physician raised an eyebrow in response and he knew there was no reason to keep up a charade.
“Good morning, darling. A quick change and then breakfast for you,” Tony said, carrying Peter into the bathroom.
He realized that Steve knew what he actually meant, but the Captain thankfully shut up and nodded, leading Tony out of the kitchen. They headed upstairs to one of the smaller bedrooms, finding PJ fast asleep in bed.
“What’s wrong, son? It’s nearly time for you to eat a real meal. You hungry?” Steve asked, breaking the silence as he reached over the rail.
Tony took the orange slice offered to him and ate it, savoring the sweet taste of the fruit before nodding. He’d never played house before, but he figured if Steve wanted to play, it would be fun, right?
“Go on. I will retrieve your things and bring them to his—your—quarters,” Thor encouraged, patting Tony’s shoulder, “We will speak soon, and I will introduce you to our gang of merry fellows, yes? I’m sure you will like our physician; he originally hails from one of the Southern cities as well.”
“Go ahead and do your business. Nat and I are gonna turn around and wait for you to be done,” he explained, standing up.
He looked up at Steve, who merely folded his arms and nodded without making eye contact. It was difficult to see the Warlord be so sullen, but he was reminded of Thor’s advice:
—I just don’t want you to go. What—what if you don’t come back? It feels like I just got you and then you’re going to be gone and you might be gone
“T’Challa, Shuri, and the Dora Milaje are headed back to Wakanda for repairs,” Natasha offered from the cockpit, her red ringlets bouncing when she turned her head, “Thor headed to Asgard to check in with Odin and Heimdall. He may be bringing back mead for us, considering we took a pretty bad hit.”
Once he was seated and buckled himself, he sighed in relief at the sound of the car roaring to life.
Raising an eyebrow, Bruce gently extracted the hastily folded packet, opening it up to begin reading. Tony turned to watch him, trying to quell his heart rate as realization spread across the scientist’s features.
“Steve? Darling, what is wrong? Did you have a bad dream?” He asked, as though he had not been plagued with horrific dreams only a few moments prior.
“So you love him?” Rhodey asked nonchalantly, folding his hands behind his head as he leaned back in his chair, “Or do you just want to get down with him as a political truce?”
He couldn’t suppress his smile when Tony beamed, squeezing his husband’s hand to convey his solidarity. Looking at the other two men, Rhodey and Bucky nodded their approval, making it a done deal.
Tony sighed, but he tamped down the urge to bolt, instead focusing on the child currently trotting over to him. He raised an eyebrow, smirking down at PJ.
“Okay,” the Captain said as he stood, adjusting his shirt, “Fine. But we have no idea how to get back to the Tower, and I’m the only one who can fight. Any more smart ideas?”
He laughed breathily, reaching up to loosely loop his arms over Tony’s neck to tug him down for a few soft kisses, teasing at his bottom lip until he felt he’d recovered enough to move them. Ignoring that his jeans were just barely hanging onto his hips, he scooted up and gathered Tony into his arms, bending at the knees with a sharp
The blade was close to being finished and only needed to be sharpened and polished once it was fully cooled. Tony looked it over and set it aside, then trudged down the hall to the armory itself where he had stored a small bed of furs. It was late and he reeked of ash and smoke, so instead of attempting to go up to bed and get clean without waking up his toddler and bondmate, Tony kicked off his boots and laid down. He barely had the strength to pull the furs up to keep him warm, but once he was covered he fell into a deep sleep.
Seeing Steve move out of the way in his peripheral, Tony swallowed the bile that threatened to spew from his mouth, grounding himself in the knowledge that even though Steve knew he was part of PJ, he
Thankfully, the play went off without a hitch, save for the costume blunder when Thor exchanged out Natasha’s halo for horns. Steve even came right up to Tony’s side for the curtain call and bow, holding tight to his hand as the auditorium’s applause rang around them.
Steve whimpered and bowed his back as he tried to break free again, making more wounded noises when he failed. Feeling as though he was getting nowhere, Tony stepped back over to the Alpha and ran a hand down his side, careful to not disturb his stitches.
“I know, Sir. I know. I wish I could have done more to protect you,” He interrupted, causing Tony to look up in surprise, “I wish Ana and I had been more perceptive. We always thought something was going on, but because your Mother told us differently, we had no reason to believe she was lying—”
. One more growl out of you today and I will put you back in the dungeons myself,” Tony scolded, “We can decide this
It was quiet for a moment before Tony shot out of his chair like a rocket, but Steve was faster; he quickly shoved the book under his ass and sat up, folding his arms even though his husband pulled and pushed on him.
“You mean like getting hair down there?” Bucky piped up from the other side of the room, to which the class broke out into giggles again.
Tony flushed at that; sure, he liked to buy his friends nice things, but he hated to flaunt his money, especially in front of Steve. He glanced over at him, smiling in relief when Steve grinned at him.
“You poor thing. You look like you were run over by multiple carriages,” he said to change the subject, smiling at Steve’s laugh.
Steve was silent at that, and after a moment, retracted his hand so he could offer his arm. Tony took it and leaned against him as they continued their walk down to the creek.
“Yeah, yeah, I love you too, you big sap,” Tony snorted, scooting off of Steve’s lap, “You have fun with your wank material, babe, I’m going to keep working.”
“Why do you want me to wear that bra so terribly?” Tony asked once they had reached the fields and were away from prying ears, “Plenty of women go without them and are fine--all it does is prevent the chest from sagging as quickly as it would otherwise. Is that it? Do you want to try and keep my body the way it is?”
“Enough,” Natasha interrupted, rolling her eyes, “Alright, second question. What is your spouse’s favorite flavor of ice cream?”
“Don’t worry, Tony, we’ll bring your husband back,” Bucky sighed, looking up from sharpening his knife on his arm, “Really. It’ll be fine. It’s just a month or so.”
“Not until you tell me what’s wrong,” the engineer insisted, staring at the other with narrowed eyes, “Or I’ll get Nat up here to interrogate it out of you.”
“As long as you rest and stay away from your trigger for a day or so, you should be fine,” he said to Steve, “I will let Barnes know that he is going to be taking over your duties until you are better.”
“Aye. He remains with James--with Rhodey, in the infirmary,” Thor said as he idly cracked his knuckles, “I believe he is trying to keep him calm and rested, as you should also be.”
mocha chocolate chip and is watching Golden Girls re-runs on TV. So, I’ll ask again, what happened?” He grunted.
grade, they had actual parts to play, with lines and all. That is, except for those who had to dress up like animals and make appropriate animal noises when prompted.
Tony choked on a sob as he was pulled away, blindly reaching out to take Peter into his arms. Clint covered their back as they ran toward the infirmary and surprisingly found Bruce and Thor hurriedly packing a bag.
“No,” Tony interrupted, resting his head on Steve’s shoulder, “Marriage is good. I want this, I want
The boy shifted from foot-to-foot nervously, but he eventually bobbed his head in a nod, long brunet curls flopping in front of his eyes. Smiling warmly, Tony slowly reached forward, brushing the curls out of PJ’s face to tuck behind his ear.
“Shh, my darling, I have you,” Tony whispered, rocking them both back and forth as he gathered the boy up into his arms, “It’s okay, I’m just glad you’re
“Hey. Look. You both have feelings for each other, and now you have the little guy to take care of. You might as well try it, because neither of you are getting any younger, and he’s going to need both of you. If you choose to just let it be, fine, but really. Do us all a favor and just—y’know. Stop making us all awkward with the sexual tension. Now, I’m going to go upstairs and gossip, and leave you two to do whatever,” Rhodey sighed, standing and brushing out his suit jacket, “And you, little man, are going to play with the train set I brought you later, okay? Be good for your dads.”
“I’m down,” Scott answered with a stretch, “Lemme go call Cassie first, and I’ll meet y’all down there.”
They both knew it was a lie, but Tony practically threw himself into Steve’s arms, shaking with silent sobs. Steve shushed him softly and petted his hair, staring angrily at the door. He knew something had been up, and he didn’t say anything, and now Tony was hurt
“How long have you been there?” He demanded, only to immediately reel back his tone at a simple glance, “Ah, sorry. You scared me.”
“Right. I don’t think he would purposefully do it, but I know that with nightmares, it’s possible that he could subconsciously feel trapped and may try to use his strength,” Tony murmured, feeding PJ the last of the chicken and setting the plate aside, “So I think the rotation should stay between us three, and possibly Thor, if he’s on-world.”
Eventually, the physical need for oxygen overwhelmed his excitement, and Steve was forced to stop for a minute. Nervously, he glanced up to check Tony’s reaction… and felt that same nameless
And then that wave of pleasure finally broke, slamming through that wall of tension and shattering it. Tony dug his nails so deep into Steve’s shoulders that he might have drawn blood, his throat stripped raw by the cry he let out as he came in Steve’s mouth. The initial rush of sheer relief stretched out around him, dragging the pressure up from the very core of him as Steve continued to swallow, eagerly.
The fear of seeing Tony grew increasingly hysterical, as he remembered how much he loved him, how much he
But, for all the things that Tony was pleased about, there was no stopping six am from coming – and nothing he could do about the unavoidable sadness of saying goodbye. It seemed a shame that there should be any bad feeling at all, tonight. That plunging melancholy Tony felt as Steve settled in front of the door seemed both at odds with the narrative and an evitable part of it… But at least this moment was bittersweet rather than just bitter. That was a definite step forward, from Tony’s point of view.
The way his desperate, agonising hope had burned out and collapsed into despair as he realised Steve really wasn’t going to say no, of course he didn’t, he was sorry… Surely thinking of that would be enough to smother this feeling. Just thinking of that moment had always crushed any feeling out of Tony’s chest, ever since it happened…
And then the world lurched forward again, another disorientating roll of dizziness, as Steve pulled Tony’s dead weight up into a sitting position and pressed him close against his chest. Tony heard the distant sound of tearing fabric, as Steve ripped his shirt open in a desperate attempt to bear his neck. Tony groaned softly, pushing closer to Steve’s warm skin… he was so cold, all of a sudden…
Whether it was simply because Steve had said something so important, entirely unprompted - whether Tony’s sudden
“I’m sorry, that was a stupid thing to say” Steve said, so sincerely, suddenly looking up at Tony with wide, blue eyes.
The floor just rolled from underneath him. His heart suddenly leapt up into his throat, his head throbbing with a swelling pressure, like it might actually burst.
Tony made it back to his own house just as the outdoor lighting flickered into life. Automatically, his brain supplied the mundane little detail that it must therefore be 6pm…
“Tony, I…” Steve managed – and then cut himself off, and swallowed, like he was trying not to cry. And Tony just smiled, and waited. “I was so scared of mentioning Bucky… I thought…”
Now that he was listening for it, he could hear the very quiet scuffle of movement behind the prop walls of his fake-hospital room-
. Thinking about it now, it was obvious that Steve would be devastated if anything happened to Bucky, and that Tony
“Because the state we’re in now, I don’t trust either of us not to sneeze into it or something” Tony grinned – and
“I…uh, really haven’t been keeping you up to date with this whole thing, have I?” Tony remembered aloud. And he could see that Rhodey wanted to tell him,
The beeping on the monitor picked up sharply, the rapid rhythm blending together into something more like an alarm.
“Tony,” Steve gasped, before he could stop himself. Pinching his lips together against the pleading and promises that might have followed. Already admonishing himself,
And it wasn’t any vampire impulse that had drawn him to Steve – it was being drawn to Steve that had brought out these instincts. Finding someone that special, falling that far in love with him… That’s where the desire for Steve’s blood came from, what the strength he drew from Steve was intended for-
But the far more concerning part - the bit that turned his stomach and tasted of bile - was the creeping awareness that he just wasn’t happy in this relationship.
“Well, there’s that…” Tony grinned. “But there’s also the fact that - it would’ve been much easier to meet up, a whole bunch of times, if we’d had somewhere safe to
A wordless reminder that he still felt guilty…. for never wondering where Bruce was, for leaving him in an alien hellscape not unlike this one for three whole months… For how little he’d thought about it since.
the fear to hold him back… Unfortunately, that now came up against an unexpected feeling of loyalty-
And then he took a long, comfortable breath, his chest easing as his heart slowed. Everything felt heavy…
“So, um, it turns out that we’re both actually kinda on drugs.” Tony announced, somewhat uncomfortably.
