Sherlock smirks. “I don’t really have anything I feel the need to cry about right now, but thank you.”
“You need to trim your hair,” she says. “Too many tangles at the ends.” Then before Sherlock can even react she reaches forward and holds his arm. “When will you surf next?”
Scotty’s arm darts out and catches John’s upper arm, stealing the breath and the words from his mouth.
She looks up and gives me a look that slices my heart in two, leaving it heaving and bleeding on the floor.
John can’t decide what’s worse—the fact that he almost looked around to see why Sherlock wasn’t correcting Greg’s English, or the fact that Greg sounds like he’s placating John with a pat on the back, coming from the internationally renowned champion of post-win interviews.
I watch her walk towards Sherlock with Wilma still screamin’ up a storm in her arms. For the first time, I notice the dark circles under her eyes, shining like black silk, and I blink hard to remind myself she ain’t my old Alma holdin’ little Alma Jr. or Francine in her arms, waitin’ at the front door for me to get home from a twenty-hour workday to hold ‘em so she can go and take a hot bath. Hold their soft, pink skin with mud and blood and sweat still stainin’ my tired arms.
“What do you mean you can’t command—?” Sherlock starts to say, the familiar indignation coming over his face, the thrill of the argument. But then he suddenly stops, and the emotion falls from his face, leaving it blank. He licks his lips and carefully readjusts his bandana. “Well,” Sherlock says, sounding exactly like he does in an interview when he’s trying his best to be polite, just to confuse Greg. “We both know I’ve skied poorly today and yesterday, obviously due to my previous two days of inaction. The Final is tomorrow. What do you suggest?”
His heart swells. John catches him looking, and they share a quick gaze, John’s eyes filled with thick emotion before he turns back to the controls. Greg checks on Sherlock over his shoulder, who is now clasping his hands in front of his mouth like a prayer, his eyes squeezed shut in the mild turbulence.
I nod, cringing at the word said out loud in his beautiful bedroom. Ugly and raw in what was once a safe and comforting air. Making his crisp white sheets feel dirty.
John shrugs and gives a half-smile. “Just . . . they’re old skiing mates, I guess. We met one year in France at a lodge. They’d heard about my placing today and . . . came by to say hello.”
It had been cold that night. Cold and black and the stars stretching out for eternity above his head, and the thick sand against his back, and it had been quiet. Utterly quiet. And he’d reached out with the very last reserves of his strength to feel his right leg lying up in a mangled heap by his head. And it had been the only warm thing in a world made of black ice and freezing sand. It had felt wonderful. And he’d held onto it with a weak grasp and looked up at Orion blinking down at him, watching over him, making sure he wasn’t alone. And he used the strength of the stars themselves to shift and curl into a ball so he could reach down to staunch the blood pouring out of his leg with muddy sand, as if that would somehow mean anything when he was dead. Maybe they could at least see that he tried. And then he’d lain there, Orion above him and the sand against his back, his leg in his hand, his three last sensations on earth, and he’d wondered if they would find his broken helicopter half-buried in the sand in a thousand yea—
People died, little one. People like him and me. They’re still dying. Maybe not in your Boston, perhaps. But in Signal. Up ‘round near Big Horn. People die.
“To beat Greg Lestrade’s 4-year untouched World Record?” Rick says in exaggerated disbelief, and John wants to kick himself. Of course. How the fuck did he not realize what that time meant?
But now the fresh evening air feels like a kiss to his skin, almost bringing water to his eyes. His body feels sore, but strong. Spent, but not weak. He stands beside the now-empty stadium and revels in the fact that he was a part of it all—the same intimate connection, like the spoke of a wheel, that he used to feel back in his RAF days.
say anything, the coach adds, “I don’t know about France, but this will be very big news in the US—the United States of America. And England, where Watson’s from.”
Sherlock closes his eyes, and with a rush of emotion realizes for the first time in his life since he stepped off the plane in Honolulu holding his father’s hand with a Jetsons rolling suitcase behind him that this is home. That his little hut with its peeling paint and empty beach and creaking wood floors is the absolute best place in the universe. That he’s one lucky son of a bitch.
“Tell me – what’s your game, Holmes? What is it? You want to help me go pro just so you can watch me get my ass handed to me by you and everyone else on the circuit for the next year? Was it pity? Do I look so depressing you felt like I needed a free meal from your blessed hands?”
“Oh alright, well if we’re spilling each other’s dirty secrets, then,” Sherlock says, standing tall and lifting his chin, “
money and airtime? And you think I want that solely because I’m indebted to you, because a camera happened to see us kiss, and not on my own fucking merit? You think all I can think about, days before your fucking Final, is whether I get anymore cash?”
He tells himself one last thing before he loses his mind to the steady zen and predictable logic of the broken parts waiting expectantly underneath his fingers. He has his work, and he has his waves, and he has his little place in the world. And John Watson has reduced him to a lost and trembling shell of the man he’s created for the very last goddamn time.
I think to myself that the girl I met last week at the bar hadn’t been dead or ashamed. Hadn’t worn dark colors or faded back into the walls. I hadn’t even met her. She had met
Watson, suddenly, coming back into frame: “I didn’t realize either, love. Not until all this filming business. Wasn’t just you.”
Freeze in my tracks to listen. Nothing moves, and nobody answers. I feel like an absolute fool. Who said he would magically still be here a week later? Who said he needed my useless help again?
She goes on. “His family have cut ties with him since that night. They won’t sign the paperwork for us to turn off his support.”
John grips the railing so he won’t reach over and touch their hands, grasp their bodies and pull them into himself to feel warm again—safe in their arms.
The replies come in rapid fire, one after the other, so quickly that if John was in his right mind he’d think that Sherlock’s fingers couldn’t physically type that quickly into his phone.
Sherlock watches him go, chest heaving. He finally forces himself to roll his eyes, without exactly knowing why, and turns to leave when he spots something glinting in the sand. He reaches down in the moonlight and picks up a bullet casing, dropped a few inches from where Johnny had shoved Sherlock back from him. He doesn’t have to think hard to know exactly where the bullet casing is from.
, as if he isn’t pushing himself to the absolute physical limit soaring down a cliff of ice. As if he isn’t skiing at ninety miles per hour with only the muscles of his legs and stomach to keep him tethered to the earth.
“We should not have distracted you,” he says, hating that he unintentionally just used his ‘calming Coach voice.’ “It is alright—the silence.
The camera stays on Watson after Holmes pushes him back towards his seat. Instead of arguing, he looks out his own window, and his shoulders relax. Suddenly, hidden towards the glass, we think we see a warm, small smile on Watson’s face. He rubs a hand over his mouth as he looks down at the Alps.
He stands on his leg and shifts his weight to pump up and down the equivalent of ten steps, getting out all the air, then he leans against the exam table to painstakingly pull back on his altered base layer and loose, insulated snow pants. He wonders if the classification testers have some sort of unspoken agreement not to knock to try and hurry any of the amputees after their tests—not until someone finally walks out the exam room door on two feet. He lifts his bag with his good arm after securing his boots and checks his phone for the time, then pauses when he sees one last message from Greg.
Molly flings herself into his arms, legs wrapping around his waist, and John holds her up with a surprised laugh out of the sand. Molly kisses his cheek before jumping back down to her feet, reaching forward to smooth out the wrinkles from John’s shirt.
It’s the only consolation John can think of as he lies flat on his back on the exam table, and the clock on the white wall
Sherlock laughs, a harsh, shallow breath. “Says you!” He feels his own arms flail out to the side like a dramatic idiot on a daytime soap opera. “You walk around this beach like you’ve got a noose around your neck and you’re five steps away from the gallows. We’re surfing, for God’s sake. It’s muscle and adrenaline and physics. It’s just a game. We’re not standing on the brink of World War three.”
Cut to Watson back in the hangar. He’s holding a carabiner in his hands again, and we watch him fiddle with the unlocked clasp.
John thrusts into Sherlock’s fist, eyes closed and seeing his own cock sink deeper into Sherlock’s body again and again in his mind, disappearing between the curves of his ass to the wet, frantic sound of skin on skin. He grips at a handful of Sherlock’s hair with the hand reaching behind to his neck, feels Sherlock’s ragged breaths shaking against his cheek. The aching hot steel of Sherlock’s penis rutting against his back, thrusting through the waves.
Sherlock lets the silence linger for a few more moments, then licks his lips to speak. “When I was six, I came home from Sunday school in tears because we learned about the seven days of creation and I was terrified of the water. How he separated the sea from the sky. And my mom sat me down and told me how it wasn’t scary at all, and how it was where all the beauty that the earth couldn’t hold overflowed to.”
“I won’t . . .” she starts. She don’t meet my eyes as she tosses a salad. “Daddy, I ain’t gonna tell Kurt about you comin’ down here tonight,” she says. “Obviously I ain’t tellin’ him a word about Scott. Don’t even know what I would say – dead man up and walkin’ through our house. But . . .” She shrugs her shoulders.
Sherlock looks up at him through his lashes, blinking away the snowflakes that fall into his eyes. John’s thumb runs across Sherlock’s bottom lip, and his eyes blaze.
We don’t say anything more. Don’t need to. I hand her the coat off the hook and stand in the doorway watchin’ until the Challenger disappears ‘round the first curve in the woods. It don’t occur to me until then that she didn’t even ask me who I was livin’ with. It’d be too much to expect she figured out from the framed picture on my nightstand and a couple pairs of boots on the floor that it was my old fishin’ buddy Scott come back from the grave. But then, she’s always been smarter than I realize.
“Alma, this here’s Scott,” I say. I can feel Sherlock standing in the doorway as close to my back as he can get while still being proper. My lungs fight to breathe in time with his. The mountain air still clings to his bones, and it rushes over me in waves ‘til I think I’m gonna choke with one foot inside my kitchen.
Greg traces his hands over miles of bare, warm skin, shivering at the lines of new muscle surging up under his palms, the new broadness to John’s shoulders, the hard strength of his upper arms, the press of his flat stomach, the terrifying clench of his thighs around his own waist.
The crowd swoons forward in their desperation to see, breathing down Greg and Sherlock’s necks. Below them, John seems to take a breath, his eyes glancing up once at the sky.
I fold my arms across my chest and squeeze tight as I can as I watch a single tear fall from his eyes.
“I need it to be just like any other race,” Sherlock says, inadequately, but it’s the only way he can express his desperation without falling apart at the seams, descending into madness questioning everything he thinks he knows for hours.
But he can’t say anything else, because there’s a fresh chorus of applause, and it takes him a second to realize it’s not coming from the crowd already inside the stadium, but from the people staring at him.
They share a look, and something tingles up the back of John’s neck. Something heavy and permanent. He clears his throat before the moment can turn too serious, needing to lose himself in a morning routine so he can pretend that Sherlock’s not about to go fling himself off the tops of the tallest waves on earth. John leans down to kiss Sherlock’s cheek and gives his other cheek a soft pat.
He’s still tongue-tied when they exit the stuffy room and are hit with the sun’s reflection off the snow. Sherlock pulls out his phone, fiddles with it, then slips it back into his pocket just as Greg takes a deep breath.
John gets a dark glint in his eye, and Sherlock feels a shiver at the back of his neck. John’s tongue darts out to lick the tip of Sherlock’s thumb, then his lips gently pull it into his mouth. Sherlock’s chest clenches as he watches his finger disappear into the warm, wet heat of John’s mouth. John sucks at it gently, then releases it to brush against his lips, hot breath sending goosebumps up Sherlock’s arm.
Not two hours later, they stand in their skis at the top of an empty slope, gazing down at a pristine blanket of fresh snow. Sherlock, unbeknownst to Greg and John, had called the lodge ahead and practically demanded that this course be shut down for “maintenance reasons” in preparation for their arrival. Greg doesn’t even want to know the amount of shameless name-dropping, bribing, and threatening Sherlock had to do to achieve that.
Himself. John. Man, pilot, Olympian. The relief makes him sway forward, leaning his weight on his shaking hand.
Sherlock turns towards him as he takes a sip of coffee, frowning down at John’s attempt to cover himself. “John, don’t be ridiculous. You know there’s nobody around here to see.”
Sherlock had driven him across the island to Honolulu, lips in a tight line, breathing uneven. He hadn’t come close to hitting anything on the road. Just drove straight and smooth and easy. Perfectly in line. And John had gripped his thigh so tightly on the drive he was surprised Sherlock even had feeling still left in his leg, trying to somehow force assurance through his skin and straight into his bloodstream, up the veins in his body into his heart and lungs.
He blinks against the fresh gust of icy wind across the parking lot. “I . . . I’m so sorry, for today. Not checking my phone. I didn’t—”
John swallows hard and slips his shades back over his eyes to hide the panic he knows is showing. The conversation is proving an unsurprising but still terrifying reminder of how careless he’s gotten with his looks at Greg. His stomach fights against the banana and slice of bread he ate earlier before his heat as he agonizes over whether Greg’s ever noticed him checking out his ass as he paddles out in front of him in the early morning waves day after day.
,” John had texted him earlier that evening, when Sherlock had let him know he and Greg had a course-run-through meeting to attend at their usual dinner time.
It seems impossible, by any and all standards of reason and physics, that Sherlock is standing in the same scene now only four years later, with a text on his phone from Super-Greg that says, “
He nods back. I’m speechless, and he reaches up to brush a strand of hair off my forehead. I want to ask him why and how and why the hell he ever chose me.
The first time it came over him we were at a crime scene. No one else knows about the baby, or even about Sherlock, for that matter. They don’t even know that we’re together. Not even Greg, who found Sherlock high as a kite and nearly dead in a drainage ditch all those years ago. (Apparently Sherlock kept yelling at Greg when he was trying to pull him out and get him into the squad car to go to hospital that “the elf king is having a meeting down there and the fucker didn’t invite me” – which would be rather funny if I could ever forget the part of the story where Sherlock was on drugs and almost dead).
He really should have been able to predict it would end up this way. But then, who on earth possibly could have? Who could have assumed that nineteen years of work would be ultimately erased in favor of less than ninety measly seconds?
A beat passes, and John’s expression softens, confusion seeping into his enraged glare. “You’re saying that’s not true?”
Why in hell didn’t I sit down five months ago and write out a fucking list of reasons not to kill Sherlock with my own bare hands, because being trapped in this house with him nonstop aside from clinic shifts for over two weeks now has made me want to ring that insufferable neck of his GOOD GOD IN HEAVEN.
I mutter a noise, flinging my glasses back on even though I can see clear as daylight without them. “Just new here, is all,” I say back. The smile feels odd on my face.
They’ve been going at it for a while, then, if Greg’s at the point of calling him Jean. Lazy kisses and hot breath and heavy limbs. Sherlock can perfectly imagine how Greg’s body is draped across John’s chest. How his fingers are in John’s soft hair, along his jaw.
Greg’s whoop echoes out to him across the waver. “Behind you, old man!” he cries, palms cupping around his mouth where he stands next to his board stuck in the sand. “Bomb coming – got your name on it!”
-While I don’t have any sequels planned at the moment, I’m definitely not closing the door on this universe forever. There are also some exciting “Gimme Shelter” related projects in the works. . . so look forward to future updates on those!
John’s not surprised at the voice in the back of his mind that tells him over and over again to grab a board and join them out in the swells. That he should be one of the ones racing down the towering faces of water. It feels like the spark deep in his gut when he’d followed in Keith Hartman’s footsteps into the thick and airless jungle, gun clutched hard in sweaty palms, trigger finger steady. It’s the part of him that had silently thrilled, in a twisted black way, when he’d first laid eyes on Scotty Holmes standing tall next to him in the sand. The part of him that had felt shivers up his spine and adrenaline in his bones when he’d looked to his right from under his eyelashes and seen Scotty Holmes’ shorts tented in a dark public shower.
your sick accent!” Just as Asher reels back and nods his head in dramatic approval. “Duuude, Biathlon—like, with the guns and shit?!”
“I see the hair salon finally got in them special dyes you ordered – the ones that don’t go and rub off on your dress collars,” he says, serious as if he was readin’ a will.
Greg produces the unmarked bottle of lube from his trouser pocket, not meeting John’s eyes, and, almost too quickly, as if rushing to avoid an embarrassing moment of hesitation which John might think is lack of desire, he slathers it on in just the way John always does. Long strokes up and down, then circles, finishing with a quick drying breath.
Sweat already pours down John’s back under his suit by the time he digs his poles into the second incline of the course. His lungs are filled with fire, bursting against his ribs as they gasp for thin slices of air, already pushing his body to the point where he sees grey at the edges of his vision, and he can’t feel any of his limbs.
He leaps around and comes face to face with a furious John Watson. He opens his mouth to answer but no sound comes out.
His voice is different, soft and trembling. Uncertain when I’ve only ever heard him speak commands. He clears his throat and goes on, and the redness on my neck evaporates as his words cut through the air like the neon lights back at the club, tingling and sharp.
I clear my throat and try again, hoping to sound less like a crumpled up bag. “Actually I was thinking I might try a different Time. The nineties.”
Johnny licks his lips and lets out a shaky breath, running his fingers through his sweat damp hair as he stares blankly in the distance, seeing something there in the water that Sherlock knows he never will.
“Yeah, well – figured you’d have nothing to do today if you didn’t have me yelling at you for something, so I thought I’d save Los Angeles from the carnage you’d wreak on it if you were bored.”
Sherlock hums. “Eighteen-year-old you definitely wouldn’t have been pinching himself about an eight-year-old know-it-all kid with greased and parted hair in a Midwest Sunday school,” he says, smirking.
And everything immediately fades from Greg’s mind except the beautiful rush of Sherlock’s bent thighs, and the clean lines of his poles, and the song of his skis.
And Sherlock had assumed he’d be perfectly fine not seeing Greg again until the next morning, focused and refreshed and ready for his race.
John clenches his fist behind his back. “I wouldn’t know. I haven’t seen him. But I trust he can come back from being a bit behind when the pressure’s on, as all competitors have. I would know that better than anybody.”
? And how do you think I feel? I am even older than you. And I lose my job unless I keep telling him what to do.”
Greg, looking out to the helipad: “It was the hardest I have ever flown. The most fast. I have never wished so badly to be back on the ice. To be digging with my bare hands.”
“No, you dick, don’t turn away and go all ‘Scotty Holmes’ on me like you didn’t just lay there crying in my arms!”
I swallow down my cottonmouth and place my hand back between Scott’s legs and press. He’s hard as steel. A sound escapes his throat, soft and broken. I’m done for.
Cut back to a wide shot of Greg flying the mission helicopter in a soaring arc above the peaks. Interior shot shows the four men still apparently bickering from their seats. We cannot hear them over the background music, but we watch for a moment as Holmes says something apparently rude before briefly removing his helmet to re-style his curls with his fingers. Watson then says something sharp in response, which causes Greg and Patrick to erupt with laughter.
“Does he really not remember where I . . .?” Greg mutters to himself, before cutting himself off and yelling back up the stairs, “Ah,
” John had asked. He could have asked Greg to marry him and it would have been less meaningful. And so, all afternoon, Greg had clung to the memory of those words. Had taken comfort in the fact that John was finally getting his due, and Sherlock was practicing the way he probably always wished to practice—alone and in charge—and the world was in balance.
John doesn’t look like he had to watch Sherlock fall down on his neck on an Olympic slope. Doesn’t look like Sherlock has disappointed him or let him down, over and over. Doesn’t look like he’s under any stress to keep his whole life a secret. Or to win.
Eventually Scotty sits back and rolls his neck to stretch, then pulls his grey hoodie up over his head. John goes to follow and hesitates, fingers tightening over the zipper of his jacket. He realizes in a moment of panic that he completely forgot to wear his full wetsuit while he spent the morning lost in his thoughts. He’d gone on muscle memory, pulling on the board shorts and jacket he would wear to the beach with Greg. Scotty’s eyes are on him as he stands and brushes the layer of sand off his sweatpants. John stands on shaky legs beside him as Scotty shucks off the sweatpants to reveal a short black pair of board shorts rippling in the breeze. He bends down next to John to secure his ankle strap, and John can’t stop himself from turning his head to finally gaze at the tattoo covering Scotty’s back. He sucks in a breath and stares.
I think of how I need to feel the warmth of his hand in mine. Just one more time before I die – one more.
“Group Captain John Hamish Watson is an Olympic Sex God,” Sherlock announces into his mic, sounding like an anchor on the evening news. “He is almost illegally sexy. He is insatiable. He enjoys telling me what to d—”
Sherlock can see that he’s terrified. From the moment they’d stepped out of the Jeep and started walking towards the sand, John a careful fifty feet in front of him, Sherlock had watched helplessly as each step closer to the beach brought a little more tension back into John’s frame. The body that had been so free and loose and open as they’d held each other and kissed in the shade. Those same arms that had held him close in loose, sleepy warmth just that morning in the soft, quiet air of his bed.
The Village is quiet, the snow muffling every sound but the distant hiss of wind. Sherlock shivers, and thinks that if he were a man with regrets, his biggest regret would be the fact that he had not stopped and taken ten seconds to put on another layer of clothing under his jacket.
Cut quickly to Watson, back in the hangar, sitting with his elbows on his knees and his head in his hands. He glances up towards the interviewer, and his eyes look shockingly swollen and exhausted. The dark circles beneath them look deep purple against the rest of his skin. A small cut still bleeds on the side of his face.
-Thanks to cwb for letting me know that Advil definitely wasn't a thing yet in 1976 - oops! Feedback like this is always very appreciated. Don't feel shy! :)
And Greg suddenly wonders, even as John slowly kisses his way along his jaw, what John’s little hotel room looked like near Donner Summit, and if he had anyone there to help massage his muscles at the end of every long, exhausting day, if anyone at the centre even offered to help him, to eat dinner with him so he wouldn’t have to sit in a room alone watching something horrible or boring on a screen. And Greg’s cheeks burn at the sudden shame over how many nights he massaged Sherlock’s muscles, sorted and checked all his cleaned gear, then absolutely collapsed into bed back at the resort in France, Sherlock beside him. And neither one of them ever picked up a phone to call John Watson from bed, to ask him if he was sore, if he’d eaten, if he’d gotten a PR time, if he knew he was missed . . .
A frozen moment passes, then Watson gives a sharp nod. He steps backwards off the landing skid into thin air, then free falls for two seconds.
Sherlock looks back at him with glittering eyes, barely holding back the smile from his lips. “Of course I’m serious. Our flight’s around the same time as Greg and Molly’s the day after tomorrow. We can ride with them to the airport.”
“Speaking of which, Greg needs to have his hearing checked. There’s absolutely no way a man in good health could have slept through your—”
Suddenly he feels furious. Furious at himself. Angry that he doesn’t have the strength in this moment to sit up on his own away from the support of Sherlock’s body behind him. To let himself be darkness all on his own without contaminating the radiating sun of a man holding him up. Angry that his mom wasn’t there to kiss him on the cheek when he first stepped onto the boat. That the ocean that keeps him alive just by letting him ride her waves is the same one pushes him back, back, back to the shore, to existing and breathing and working when he just wants to keep swimming out to the horizon and finally
The splashing water echoes loudly in John’s ears as he rolls his hips harder against Sherlock’s fist, feeling hot pulses start to build from between his hips. He watches the tip of his own throbbing penis disappear again and again within the tight grip of Sherlock’s long fingers, blurred and hazy beneath the water in the thick sunset light.
Instead Scotty simply backs two steps away, hands slumped in his pockets. He gives John a ghost of a tight smile, then turns on his heel to walk away, long legs graceful on the rough, uneven dock.
Sherlock sucks in a breath and fights a moan as John slowly traces up his hardening length with the barest tips of his fingers, caressing the hot skin like satin. Sherlock closes his eyes and tilts his head back, pressing his hips up into John’s touch. “It’s bad luck,” he grunts out.
He tells me it all, near day by day. How the rumors were startin’ to fly about him down in Amarillo. How he barely escaped gettin’ the tire iron to his head outside a bar one night and how that put the idea for all this in his head. How he staged it all, and how the little sheriff station secretary helped him find another body, and how he planned every little detail so the whole world would think Sherlock Holmes was dead and gone, cold on the side of the highway with nobody to turn him over.
He lifts one hand and waves it around, swinging the crutch through the air. It quietly encompasses the passports, and the skis, and the three different types of prosthetic leg packed in his gear bag, and the folded over packet of papers by the front door. The papers that say, in huge, bold letters, “Class - LW 2 - Above-knee Amputation” in a font three times bigger than the “John H. Watson” printed just above it.
A man John recognizes from a competition last year in San Diego speaks up next to him. “What’s that, Watson?”
“Yeah, well, there’s only so many times I can almost die before it gets old,” John shoots back, and that has them losing it all over again, gazing breathlessly into each other’s eyes and laughing over the fact that John Watson almost drowned twice before Sherlock’s very eyes, and John Watson just fucking won his first heat of the Billabong Pipeline Masters.
He grins – a sad little thing in the corner of his mouth. “In the World,” he says. “I’m getting married in a week.”
His mind shows him John throwing away his poles, lying down on his belly, adjusting his leg. His mind shows him John holding up his weight on his forearms, calming the panting in his chest, and lining up his gun with steady hands.
John’s feet feel rooted to the pavement as he watches taxi after taxi pass by. He can’t bring himself to wave one down. If he does, then he’ll have to give an address, and he’ll have to let himself be driven clear across an unfamiliar island, and he’ll have to follow through with this absolutely insane, ridiculous, suicidal plan.
There’s a sliver of moon, clear as a silver fingernail in the sky. A handful of dim stars fight valiantly against the light pollution from Pyeongchang, and from nearby Gangneung by the sea. The Village is completely empty where it sits at the top of the hill—not even a handful of lights still on in the scantily occupied rooms. It’s as if the Olympics never even happened. If Sherlock wanted to, he could convincingly pretend that he doesn’t have to race tomorrow, that his Finals are over. Everything else is finished, isn’t it? The Paralympic Closing Ceremonies ended to half-enthusiastic applause, all dining halls but one are closed, the ice stadiums are locked, the temporary grandstands packed away, the signs and flags taken down.
“Real surprise there, I know. But it didn’t make any sense – it still doesn’t make any. I mean, the size of a flower has no impact over how much pollen it produces, or whether bees will pollinate that flower and help track the scent to other locations. And how can a flower’s scent rub off on the grass around it? Stupid. But she would always say it to me when I was –” Sherlock stops immediately. He hadn’t meant to get this far in the story, to reveal this much. He can’t very well tell the man next to him, the hero, that his step-mom whispered that through the thin door to his bedroom on the days he came home with a black eye from school, or missing lunch money. It all sounds so stupid and childish. Still, Johnny’s waiting patiently, cheeks still glistening, and Sherlock finds he can’t stop even if he wanted to.
John sighs. He wants the world at his back to just disappear for a week. Wants to take Sherlock’s hand in his wherever they go and let Sherlock lead him to the edges of the earth. See only his face, smell only his skin, hear only his voice. “I wish we could escape,” he says. “Just for a week.”
, everything was finally settling down, returning to normal, and now Sherlock has to go and open his
“Right, five minutes,” he says, trying to sound intimidating and bored and in-control, used to the back-and-forth of granting interviews.
I grin, not feeling in the least like I need to end our embrace. Not feeling any sense of unease creep into the corners of my mind as he holds me. I’m not afraid.
Greg laughs, too, and the two of them seem to accept the little huff and eye roll Sherlock gives. They continue on with their boring dinner in amiable silence, inanely commenting every now and again on some useless piece of Olympics news.
Sherlock just sighs, even as he slips his arms in and wraps the too-big coat tight around his chest. “Honestly, this jacket would have looked unforgivable even in the year you received it. Which, based on its color combination, I suspect was 1982.”
I don’t see him. Keep searching. Wind through the streets until I pass by the drug house. It’s ridiculous. There’s no reason on earth why he should be here, moping around a place where he once had a case. But it’s all I have to go on, and my heart clenches in fear. This growing, secret dread that prickles in my mind, whispering to me that I’ll never see those crystal eyes again. Not even looking down at me in anger or disgust.
Greg slows his run in the middle of the final straightaway, a lump rising in his throat as Sherlock crushes John in his arms. The cameras zoom in a frenzied swarm as Sherlock’s hand comes to cup the back of John’s head, caressing his hair. John’s back shakes, as if he’s crying, and Sherlock’s beanie falls to the snow, his curls tumbling across John’s cheek as he holds John close. Sherlock whispers to him—unheard words on shaking lips.
He looks out over the water for a long minute, then he speaks over his shoulder so soft I have to step forward to hear him.
John doesn’t know what to say. The earth feels tilted on its side underneath him, forever altering the way he walks on the ground. The silence stretches on, frazzled and tense. Pulsing.
Something tightens behind his ribs as he registers the huge smile on Greg’s face, as if he’s actually somehow excited to be here when he’s already stood on a bloody Gold medal podium four times before, to crowds ten times this size.
He’s still standing there stiffly in the sand, not even able to bring his shaking hands together to clap, when a small gap forms in the group before him. Like a burst of sunlight cutting through the fog, John Watson breaks free from the surfers surrounding him, takes one look across the shore, and immediately locks eyes with Sherlock.
Something roars through his stomach, flashing up his spine. He bounces up and down on his left foot just to feel the weight of the snow beneath him, the comforting flap of his gun slung across his back. Tension settles over the line like a thick blanket, muffling all sound like a disorienting, slow-motion dream.
that John suddenly doubles over, his hands on his knees, and realizes that he can’t breathe. That the freezing oxygen is sucking the breath from his lungs. That he’s going to die.
He glances at Sherlock, who has a deep flush spreading up his neck, even as he’s still glaring at John. “It . . . it was only for a moment. We wanted to discuss—”
Scotty’s face softens, a small grin on his lips. The sight of it makes John want to pump his fist. “You have a point. If you just moped around for the rest of the day you’d be a real drag at the competition tomorrow. They’d never invite you back.”
They said I need to come back and give it another try. Go somewhere calmer, somewhere quieter. Breathe in the city and try to make a friend and don’t feel bad if it’s all a bit overwhelming, Dr. Watson. It happens to everyone the first time they Visit. Nothing to feel ashamed about at all.
John nods at Sherlock. Sees Greg out of the corner of his eye do the same. Sherlock’s eyes are shining, his hair a mess, the sun illuminating the sheen of sweat across his face.
“Fucking hell, Johnny, I told you to beat him, not date his sorry ass,” Greg had joked, eyeballs popping out of his head. And John had swallowed down his panic and laughed along, explaining Scotty’s warped reasoning for why they should train together and decidedly leaving out the part of the story where Scotty picked up his most treasured possession from the moonlit sand, stalked his apartment, black magic figured out where he worked, and then followed him to his job a forty-five-minute drive away from Hermosa just to return it in person.
Watson, as we walk: “But as to your last question, I . . . I mean, yeah, this job is demanding. It’s hard as fuck some days. Takes it out of you. Even the stretches where you’re just waiting for a call to come in. Completely infuriating, even. But. . .”
Watson: “I mean, shit, I wish I never, ever have to do that again. Try and re-start a pulse in someone I . . . in someone who isn’t a stranger. Never again.”
Alma laughs. “Don’t ‘no ma’am’ me when you’s old enough to be my own daddy,” she says. “You ever held a baby before?”
He leaps around startled, eyes blown wide when he focuses on me standing in the misty moonlight, muscles tensed to run.
Instead I clench my fists. Grit my teeth even harder. I suddenly feel utterly, undeniably dangerous, and I stare out at the waves until my wrist beeps two minutes, shrugging his hand hard off my shoulder. His touch is painful.
You was inside with your granddaddy for a long time later, and the both of you thought I was still out with the animals. But when I was coming back I caught your bright, clear voice through the kitchen window. I beg your forgiveness I heard what you said—that I stayed still to listen.
I want to laugh to myself as I crawl up step by step, thrilling each time my leg doesn’t give out under the careful weight of my body. It’s absolutely ridiculous. I’ve never done anything like this in my life. Definitely not since the War.
John’s hand on the wall turns to a fist. The roll of his hips picks up speed. “Shit, Holmes. Swallow me. God. Gonna come down your fucking throat. God, Holmes. Fuck, gonna come down –”
Sherlock’s face crumples at John’s words, shattering into tiny broken pieces. He barely gets out a hoarse whisper of John’s name before John is reaching out towards him in the grey and pulling him towards his body, tucking Sherlock’s head under his chin. John grips him so fiercely he can feel Sherlock’s bones creak beneath his palms. Sherlock lets out a choked noise and shutters against his chest, clinging to every inch of John’s bare skin beneath the sheets, digging his nails hard enough into John’s back and shoulders to leave a mark.
Sherlock, my lovely Sherlock. My handsome, fierce, gladiator of a husband. He let the silence drag on until he was finally standing, and then he turned and faced Lestrade head on, like a soldier before battle. It was glorious. And then Lestrade said, “you bastard” with a gigantic smile, and he walked forward and awkwardly leaned across and to the side of Sherlock’s belly to wrap him in a huge hug. I heard them whispering to each other, and saw a small smile at the corner of Sherlock’s lips. Even now I have no idea what was said. And then Lestrade pulled back, and pulled a card out of his jacket pocket.
Sherlock recognizes John’s higher pitched breathing as he pulls out of the kiss, as John must be rolling his head back on the pillow, silently gasping, and Greg hums deep and growling in his chest as more wet lips trail and kiss up an exposed neck.
And now John stands over the bed counting down the seconds until he has to wake Sherlock up to get ready, hating himself that part of him wants to climb back into bed and force himself to fall back asleep so they’ll both sleep in too late to make it to Waimea on time, since he knows neither of them set the alarm clock the night before.
Suddenly Sherlock’s face breaks into a breathless smile, sending shivers down John’s spine. “You married me, you idiot,” Sherlock says, and then he leans across the space between their boards, grabs the side of John’s face and kisses him, wet and slow, sitting at the edge of the earth. John moans against his mouth, letting himself feel and taste every good part of Sherlock’s lips. He pulls back just far enough to speak, the air from his lips brushing just across the tip of Sherlock’s tongue.
The second time Greg had woken up, it had been to a bright light shining in his eyes. He’d buried his face in the pillow by Sherlock’s head, and was just about to tell him to turn his bloody phone off so he could sleep, when Greg had realized that Sherlock was scrolling through photos the three had taken on their first ever trip together as the three of them, skiing outside Trento in Italy.
Sherlock breathes out a sigh through his nose and holds John closer by his grip around his back. “I know,” he says. “Thank you.”
“Just got caught in a dream smellin’ that heavenly roast of yours, Junior,” I say. “Might even be better than your momma’s.”
Holmes grasps the back of Watson’s head and tilts it to gaze down into his eyes. His face looks pained.
Approaching helicopter blades outside the window suddenly roar through the calm silence. Watson glances up, staring out the window, then tenses in his seat, as if he’s about to rise.
It’s the mode in those final, breathtaking seconds right before takeoff, when the tip of the plane’s wheels are still clinging to land, resisting the thrust of the air, saying goodbye. It’s the mode when the pad of his fingertip settles on a trigger, and he takes a deep breath, and prepares to pull.
” Even though he wants to storm off from the table just to feel something else in his feet other than prickling and squirming and sweat, Sherlock briefly squeezes Greg’s hand back and mutters, “Okay.”
She shoots me a wilting look, sagging her mouth, and an odd, twisted part of me sees it and feels grateful. I’m familiar with that look – the way the eyebrows droop and the corners of the mouth wilt ever so slightly just so. That look doesn’t feel foreign and new. It isn’t thrumming or pulsing or strange.
I come up for air again. Focus on her face. I feel like I’m soaring through the clouds. Like a plane.
The water from his skin is seeping into John’s clothes, making them cling to his body. Sherlock wants to pick John up and fucking carry him back across the island to their home. Let John throw him down onto the bed and take him. Have him. Let John cover him with his lips and fingers and tongue and let Sherlock know that he belongs to him until the day a force of nature kicks down the door and physically drags them apart. He wants to hold John’s face in his hands and kiss him on the shore, letting John taste the saltwater on his lips. Wants to pick him up and feel John’s legs wrap around his waist like the girlfriends of the other surfers do when they’re kissing in the sand after they’ve won, kissing to the sounds of cheers and whistles echoing down the beach.
“So did I.” Sherlock takes another drink, then lets his beer hang between his fingers by the neck, swaying softly in the breeze coming steadily off the ocean.
” Sherlock thinks, ridiculously, the nonsense words filling his brain as he takes in the heat and the slickness and the pressure. The thrust of Greg’s hips underneath him. “
Greg barely processes what’s happening as he and Sherlock stride out the studio door, gear bags back in hand and waving final goodbyes to the NBC crew. All he knows is that they need to get to the course. Practice and practice and practice until the sun goes down, and even then some, and he needs to convince Sherlock not to take the absolutely
Carefully, he edges back from the group of coaches trying to reassemble the barriers and check on the fallen skier. His sunglasses are lost, probably forever, in the chaos, and so he shields his eyes with his hand from the snow’s glare and half-limps his way towards the PT Center, where Polite-and-Rule-Following-Sherlock should just be starting his massage. But Greg checks his watch and curses aloud. Sherlock isn’t just starting his massage; he’s probably just now finishing. Greg had stood there for a full hour, unseeing, watching inconsequential practice runs. He would probably still be rooted to the spot if he hadn’t been quite literally thrown to the ground.
“That goat had at least a foot of room, calm down. Anyway. Hamilton. He’s gun-shy now. He’ll be cautious with his back. Drops in really late on swells only once he sees they’re going to be a smooth, open barrel that won’t close in on him and trap him inside. Use this – look for one’s he’s hovering on and sneak in before him to take it before the barrel fully presents. You can handle a few wipeouts – it’ll be worth it to rattle him. Following?”
There’s no tears or yelling. Just a silence so huge it could fill all the vast plains outside of town and still have some leftover for the meadows and valleys up through Bighorn. The girls don’t come out of their room ‘til after I’m gone. I see their heads poking through the window from the parking lot. I sleep in my truck for a week and a half until I cash in on some veteran’s benefit checks and manage to find a one room place on the outside of town that I can afford on top of the child support. I spend that whole week and a half convincin’ myself not to just turn on the engine and drive and drive until I’m clear out of Wyoming with all the cash I own in my shirt pocket and nothing on my horizon except being a free and faceless stranger.
By the time John’s dressed and ready he’s five minutes late, but he knows the ceremony won’t start without him, the self-importance making his skin crawl and his cheeks burn. Walking quickly past the bench where Greg pressed his face to John’s scarred thigh, he barrels through the door, forgetting to stop and brace himself at all, and nearly smacks five waiting photographers in the face.
“Beautiful man,” John breathes across his mouth. His lips barely caress Sherlock’s skin, drifting over his face. “Gorgeous man. I’ve missed you.” He waits for Sherlock to open his eyes, then, still holding his chin. His eyes are incredibly blue. “Do you want this?”
John looks over at him and gives a tight smile. He’s nervous too. “I’m listening, genius, keep going,” he says. He reaches over and puts his hand on Sherlock’s thigh as he drives and keeps it there. Sherlock has to tear his eyes away from the sight of John’s tan fingers resting on the line between his board shorts and his skin and force himself to look back at the road.
John quickly shakes his head, looking down at his bare foot against the concrete floor to hide his shame. “No. My body feels fine. I stretched out my shoulder.”
But then Greg just sniffs hard against the cold, clears his throat, and shoves his hands into his pockets once more, looking everywhere but the official course.
The testing nurse nods in surprised approval down at his clipboard. John tries to crane his neck to read what he’s writing, but the notes and paperwork are all in an odd mix of Korean and French.
He’s waiting for me to speak, so finally I do, gazing out blankly towards the water and wishing somewhere deep inside that this didn’t have to be the last time I’ll feel the sea upon my face.
Sherlock looks steadily into his eyes. An odd look crosses over his face for one brief, fleeting second. A slight waver of uncertainty. And then he’s smiling again at John, turning down onto his stomach on the blanket and settling down into the sand.
Greg looks like he barely wastes enough energy to produce a full glare. “It would have been a lot more fast—”
His voice is a harsh whisper, and Sherlock feels it like ice down his spine. He’d been expecting some good-natured gloating, maybe a “too bad” or two, or an “are you alright.” After all, Johnny Watson was the first surfer in three years who’d taken it upon himself to try to have a goddamn conversation with him.
It had taken all of John’s emotional energy to finally muster up a vague answer of, “Nah. Just an old friend.”
He laughs, a beat too late. “Wow, I . . . I was so caught up in the race, I guess I just didn’t stop to think that this hadn’t been done before.”
God, but Sherlock loves that look. Adores it. The way it snaps through his fingers and curls his spine to attention, flashing across his unsuspecting skin with a shivering heat. It makes him want to stand up and dash across the dining hall, causing chaos in his wake, just so John will follow him in his calm, unwavering stride and give him that look again, and again, and again, until Sherlock’s on his knees on the wet pavement in a dark Village alleyway with John’s cock in his mouth, full and stuffed down his throat, and John is looking down at him like that in the dangerous shadows, thrusting his hips, grasping Sherlock’s hair so he won’t make a sound, telling him he should have just stayed at the table, that he’s absolutely impossible, incorrigible—
John turned to see a wall of screaming fire explode on top of Roy and Lawrence. Their bodies disappeared, swallowed up in crackling red smoke. There wasn’t enough time to stop and hear the noise – hear the ripping booms of exploding bombs, or the screaming orders, or the thrash and crack of the palm trees riddled with bullets, or the rain pummeling down into the soft, steaming earth.
“The hippies’ll be all over your ass if they find out some fish choked on that,” Sherlock says, stone-faced.
John’s sitting out on the porch rubbing at his shoulder while Sherlock tries to throw together some food, somewhat breathless at the easy domesticity of it all. They haven’t even kissed since they’ve been back, and Sherlock finds he doesn’t even mind – doesn’t feel like the warmth will slip away unless they tear at each other the same way they did by the Jeep. He sets a plate of pasta down in front of John out on the porch and pulls up the chair beside him, stretching out his legs to crack his toes. It feels completely reasonable, completely normal that someone be sitting at his side. A habit of eating seven years’ worth of dinners alone broken in the span of five minutes.
Sherlock shivers. “John.” He reaches up to caress the back of John’s head with his hand, holding him against himself as John slowly presses soft, steady kisses down the line of Sherlock’s neck, hands still brushing over his chest underneath the cotton of his shirt.
John shrugs, avoiding Greg’s gaze. “Guess I’d rather be pleasantly surprised than hope. Works better that way.”
He sure as hell hadn’t meant to stand there looking young and stupid in his doorway reminding John of everything he gave up to be there. That he doesn’t have a job yet. Or that people like Lahela and Hank will look at him now standing next to Sherlock and
I won’t look for the stranger tonight, I think. I’ll run and be free and eat ice cream and be alive. I’ll run through the city until the sun starts to rise and the air feels fresh in my lungs. Run through the thronging streets and across dance floors and under the streetlights and stars just to prove to myself that I can.
He feels shame creeping up the back of his neck, the familiar muddy weight of inadequacy that drags him down whenever he stops to think about the fact that he should be able to just hop on a plane and find her.
But he looks back at Greg just as Sherlock reaches the final straightaway, whole and in one piece, his neck not broken, and Greg gives the smallest, infinitesimal frown.
He should tell Greg about James. Not because he doesn’t trust James to keep their secret, but because he wants it known that he was open, that he was proud of him, of them. But he looks at Greg’s face again, who’s almost wistfully staring at the snow, at the ruts carved into the course, the breeze blowing through the gates, and he decides against it. John can tell him later; they have time now, John sees. He simply steps closer.
And then, as the sun breaks through the clouds above, and the cameras and crowds watch from the finish line in shock, John roars, and he squeezes his eyes shut, slamming his poles down into the ice, the metal of his right leg flaring like the sun—
Steady, coursing, overwhelming desire burns in his chest, and he pulls back to speak before he loses his nerve.
be, with all of you getting the normal crowds and excitement and all of us getting the scraps a whole bloody month later. God forbid anyone should actually
“Buzz off! Can’t mellow out if you’re drowning me all over again, asshole,” John laughs. He moves to sit up on his board and rolls the kinks out of his neck in a long, slow circle. The endless blue stretches out in front of him. A question and an answer all at once. He sighs and runs his fingers through the wet tangles of his hair, brushing back his overlong fringe that’s turned almost white from the blinding sun and reveling in the way the little droplets of water trickle down his sides and back in a salty race.
The camera zooms in on the scuffle in the middle of the pack, the mad hoard of skis cutting through the ice as they near the first curve. Greg carefully folds his hands in his lap, watching it all happen as if he’s sitting thousands of miles away at home on his sofa.
, he was revisiting the sight of his second and only other failure. How disgustingly sentimental of him. How pathetically trite.
She leans forward and gently removes the Device from my forehead, placing it reverently in a gleaming white dish. I grasp her hand tighter, hating how my grip is weak and slow. Hating how my fingers shake and tremble against hers. I reach up with the other hand to adjust my glasses, grasping at air when I realize they’re not there.
Gerold, speaking as company CEO: “Sherlock Holmes is . . . well, he is the best in the world at what he does.”
John shakes his head softly, curses under his breath, and jogs to catch up to Sherlock in the sand. Something deep down in his chest tells him he already knows exactly what he’s going to be doing one year from today, and John realizes with a relieved smile that he’s not able to find one single goddamn reason to fight it.
She’d just been told by someone in an ear piece that his was the worst story—he was the soldier from the crash, the bloodied mess they found in the sand, clinging to life—and she’d jumped.
An idea occurs to him – that he could at least walk back up to the Jeep and give it an hour. Wait and then come back down and peek if John is still hanging out with people. He can’t spend one more second on this beach with John just fifty feet away from him and a complete inability to take one step any closer. With a resigned nod Sherlock tears his gaze away from John and makes his way up towards the top of the beach and the streets of the nearby town, avoiding everyone’s gaze as usual.
Sherlock’s shoulder brushes against his as they step out into the Village, images of John’s tense face momentarily forgotten. “Honestly, Gregory, I’ve no idea.” His fingertips briefly touch Greg’s wrist. “But I’m quite glad you did whatever it was.”
I don't think this chapter needs any notes or context :) We all know that our lil' Scotty Holmes is secretly a romantic at heart, and that he wouldn't give a shit about whether gay marriage was legal or not. And we all know that our ol' Johnny loves his life to come with a thrilling side of the unexpected.
John traces the lines with his lips. The barest hint of tongue. He hums softly into Sherlock’s skin, remembering back to the day only a week ago when he’d come home from a long day spent up at the shop and opened their front door to an empty house and a barely legible note taped to the fridge.
Instead he frowns, gently rubbing a small circle over the fabric. “It’s not healed when you Visit?” he asks.
Molly huffs. “Greg, I swear to god I’m gonna purposefully lose this engagement ring in the ocean if you can’t just can it for two hours on the most important day of Johnny’s life.”
Distantly, beyond the window, we hear Watson and Greg laughing while playing fetch with a barking Elsa across the helipad. Watson’s voice sounds bright.
John groans and shoots him an icy glare. His giddy breathlessness falls away in a split second, replaced by solid, familiar anger. “God, you’re unbelievable. You didn’t get the picture enough last night when I told you I didn’t need a fucking handout?”
John feels every ounce of anger leave his chest in a rush. He answers Greg’s smile, reaching out to take his hand and hold it. His throat chokes up on his words, and a million sentences float through his mind before he finally settles, lamely, on “I’m so happy for you, for both of you.”
My hand shakes on the smooth wooden railing, sturdy and overlooking the roaring ocean down below. The sky above me melts into pinks and purples. It drips down slowly like melting clouds into the frothy waves. Drips down over my thin and wrinkled skin, shivering in the evening air.
obstacle course, the one which replaced every other burning liquid that’s ever rushed through his veins, the one where he is glorious and alive and a fighter and the
Watson: “Fine. Sue me. File a workplace complaint with Gerold, who you’ve spent eight years calling ‘Greg’. See how seriously he treats it.”
The last place skier has just made their final shot, and two from the leading pack are already done with their penalty laps from misses, when John finally comes into view to a fresh wave of pitying, supportive applause from the crowd.
John giggles, the giggle he only ever does when he’s completely warm and at ease, when he isn’t in pain, or worrying about who’s looking, or who might see, and it makes the hairs on Sherlock’s forearms stand up in a tingling shiver. He sees Greg briefly beam beside him at John too, then wipes the grin from his own face before Greg turns and levels him with a hard stare.
He cannot remember, as they leap in the golf-cart to John’s endless grumbling, the last time John looked at him like he does now, just as Sherlock starts up the ignition and floors the gas. Like Sherlock is worth being kidnapped by at one o’clock in the morning. Like Sherlock is the Olympic torch. Like Sherlock is more glorious than every Afghanistan sunrise over the desert, than every ski course, than the first time John ever leapt in a cockpit and flew.
, that was marvelous!” he sighs. “Wonderful! You clearly had the right idea. My first thought was to verbally embarrass him in front of his friends for having never kissed anyone yet, but—”
It’s so different from the way John looks at Sherlock he can’t believe he didn’t have this revelation sooner. He feels like laughing. Gone is the heavy weight of dread, the fear of discovery and simultaneous intense desire to be known that he had always felt in Greg’s presence, even when they were just laughing out on the waves. He watches as Molly leans her head against Greg, both of them content to leave John to his quiet thoughts, and all he feels is a deep, aching pulse of longing that Sherlock Holmes wouldn’t be behind him to catch him right now if he were to close his eyes and lean back his head.
When I’m finally in view of the main camp I see Scott look up at me from where he sits scrunched down in front of the fire. He leaps up to his feet with wide eyes. He’s been waitin’ for me.
It zooms past from behind us, barreling into view. The camera crystalizes into sharp focus as the rider smoothly guides the bike down the curving black asphalt of the road as it winds through the hills. We watch until it disappears, leaving the landscape empty once more.
I’m alive, walking next to him down an empty silent street, and I set my chin and refuse to stop to think about why.
The last hour before a meal break always drags by like an eternity. John can feel every muscle he used the day before in the competition screaming out at him, exacerbated by getting only a couple hours of sleep after he’d stood staring out the window of his apartment fuming, Scotty Holmes’ choicest phrases repeating through his head on an endless loop.
The air tastes like flowers, soft and warm on his tongue. John stops in his tracks on the curb outside the Honolulu Airport terminal and takes a deep breath in, letting it fill up his lungs, replacing the stale air from the plane in his system.
It has been five days, four hours, and thirty-nine minutes since Sherlock Holmes has seen John Watson.
“How did he do it?” I interrupt. I’m sitting on the edge of my seat so far I might fall off at any moment. I don’t give a shit.
He thinks of Sherlock’s head hitting the snow just a few days ago. His body slamming into the orange fence before sliding to a silent stop. He shifts in his seat and watches Sherlock’s chest rise and fall beneath his layers just to remind himself that he isn’t still lying on the slope.
Greg hears Sherlock swallow. “He told me that you love me,” Sherlock says, and Greg burns in a confusing shame; he hadn’t meant to ever admit that to John, and why not, he can’t quite say.
Confused gasps fill the crowd; course attendants attempt to flag him down to return to the podium; cameras flash and journalists frantically narrate into their microphones. Sherlock ignores it all. Shrugs off the hands that try to stop him. Keeps walking the twenty steps towards Greg, and Greg simply stands there, watching him, his brows slightly raised in surprise.
The nurse gives a casual nod, completely unphased. “Thank you. Just want to be sure what I’m looking for in your movement. Hold out your arm and provide resistance against me. Keep at forty-five degrees.”
And now he’s here, silently crawling into Greg’s room, drawn to him like a magnet, like water to a shore, skis to the snow. In the darkness, to the rhythm of Greg’s sleeping breaths, Sherlock carefully removes his shoes and socks, then his sweatpants and jacket. Everything right down to his pants.
For a quiet moment, Greg simply reaches down and pulls up the sheet, covering them both. Sherlock wonders if he’s only imagining that there’s a difference in the way Greg’s holding him. That it’s more . . . equal, somehow. That Sherlock has the ability to pull away if he wanted, or to hold Greg back. It’s subtle, and yet it’s vastly different from the usual surrender Sherlock feels in his arms, the complete erasure of his own body and mind in favor of
A truly unsung hero of this fic is my translator P. Not only does she translate faster than should be humanly possible, she also adds such warmth, vibrancy, wit, and color to Greg and Sherlock's dialogue. I'm forever grateful for her time and expertise! All remaining errors are totally my own.
The ache to be standing next to Greg surprises him, somehow sharp and defined in the midst of the swarming chaos of the crowded slopes. He’s never been bothered before after waving off Sherlock and Greg to one of Sherlock’s competitions, never even batted an eyelash at the fact that he was sitting alone in the stands while the two of them finished up last minute prep together on the other side of the official rope.
But like this . . . with the sun on his eyelashes, the stubble on his cheeks. One hand curled under his chest. Some of his hairs grown grey . . .
“I . . . I’m sorry to call you like this,” John says. “Out of the blue. I don’t know why, but I—I needed you to know. You were always . . . and I know it’s been a long time, but . . . you understand?”
Greg’s voice: “But when we are too late. . . that’s when I wonder. While I’m sitting there waiting for them to load the body into the back of the helicopter, you start to wonder. . .”
We cut away to a dramatic timelapse of the main Matterhorn peak throughout the day, watching waves of clouds pour in and over the icy slopes. A graphic appears, showing a typical climbing route up the peak, then it stops and places a flag marker showing Solvay Hut, the highest hut on the mountain at over 4,000 metres.
John holds the door open for Walter to navigate through with his snow-adapted wheelchair. “I could always toss you into the nearest fire. That’s what worked for me. Then we could share the television spotlights. Split the ad deals.”
“I’m not well in the World,” I say quietly. I can feel him listening beside me – body still. “I only have a couple weeks. They told me a month at most.”
It’s more than just a blast. John winces at the freezing whirlwind of fog and snow coming down off the nearby mountains, shivering uncontrollably beneath his jacket. He unconsciously rubs his palm over his left chest and shoulder to try and ward off the inevitable ache, unable to feel the raised skin through the thick layers of his puffy vest and snow jacket. He fruitlessly scans the main courtyard for nearly five minutes, trying and failing to get signal on his phone, until he finally spots Greg and Sherlock back together again in front of
John is just starting the process of awkwardly deciding whether to keep waiting or go on without him when Greg looks back over his shoulder, immediately locking eyes with John through the bustling crowd. Greg lifts his hands in a quick, silent apology, casually shrugging his shoulders, but there’s something else there hidden in the lines of his mouth, some expression on his face . . .
“My goal for time is to ski as fast as I possibly can,” Sherlock says. “It would be foolish to limit myself by keeping a specific time in mind if I could go even faster.”
He regrets kissing John Watson with every fiber of his being as he dips his head in silent acknowledgement—yes, John is right, they shouldn’t be seen together, it’s too much and it’s hurting Greg—then slowly turns to leave.
Greg sighs, like he’s disappointed. Even his breathing sounds sad. He probably assumes Sherlock hasn’t learned anything, that he’s back to his old ways where he claims he doesn’t need help at the top. Where he wants to be alone. Keep Greg as far away from him as possible. Let him focus on his own without any help.
“I’ve kept your sorry ass alive for two fucking years – you owe me at least a hundred grand at this point,” Greg smirks.
John cuts him off, but Greg had the distinct, sinking impression that Sherlock had been about to say the word ‘you.’
Sherlock paddles out ahead of him towards the smooth, glassy horizon, then stops fifty yards out from the shore and turns back to John with a warm and easy smile on his face. He sits tall and unashamed on his board. The saltwater pours down from his wet curls plastered onto his neck, and runs down over his chest towards his abs and cock, which John notices is half hard where it’s bared between his legs. Sherlock catches him looking and smirks, then takes a breath and looks back calmly towards the shore.
partners took him from in front and behind. And yet, not even this detailed, mind-palace-level memory of it can get him even
Sherlock’s heart flutters hotly, and he leans forward to brush another kiss across John’s mouth. The breeze off the ocean dances across their skin, leaving shivers, and Sherlock leans down to pull a blanket up over them, holding John closer in his arms.
He looks over at John, hoping he gets what he’s saying, and John nods understandingly, soft smile on his lips as he gazes out over the ocean. Then the smile turns into a small frown, and John licks his lips. He’s nervous.
“Come on, then,” he says. “I just had a birthday standing here waiting for you to move. You need to say bye to any of these guys or can we get the hell out of here so I can kiss you?”
We talked at night with our bodies. We lay in bed, with the floor to ceiling glass doors thrown open to look out over the sand and water, and we made slow, reassuring love with the warm, salty breeze on our backs. Six months pregnant with twins is far past most people’s ability to have any semblance of rough or active sex, all legs in the air and red handprints on thighs and hoarse, gasping breaths. So instead we moved achingly slow, with sensitized fingertips trailing over goose-bumped skin, and warm palms cupping cheeks, and two bodies slowly pressing together, surrounding the gorgeous, round belly in between them.
And so Sherlock had single-handedly puppeteered the betrayal festering right at the center of their relationship, threatening at any moment to grow like a cancer until it exploded and burned it all to the ground, leaving damage and heartache and loss.
The following beat of silence is sickening and thick. Greg wonders how damaged his coaching reputation would be if he just leapt up from the couch and sprinted off stage. If maybe then Sherlock would finally get himself a
Perhaps it’s weird for me to be writing stuff like this in here. I’m honestly not sure if my future self will enjoy these little insights into my past sex life. But I swore to myself that this would be real, that this would be it all, and the realest thing to me in the world is the warm weight of Sherlock’s body on top of my own, the body I thought was buried under the ground forever with a smashed in skull.
gate, and Greg staring daggers at Sherlock across the dinner table, practically demanding that he would not . . . . something in French . . . something about his speed? His line on the turn?
I walk silently towards him in the sand, closing the distance, heart thumping madly in my chest. When I’m ten feet behind him I can smell him in the air. I take a deep breath and call his name.
He stares at me, and then he laughs. Sneers. Two harsh sounds echoing like splintered glass over the pounding music. “No way you just called Sherlock Holmes a friend.”
I want the ground beneath me to vanish away and swallow me up. The ache in my chest is so sharp it feels like gettin’ kicked by a bull. He sees me hesitate, and I watch helpless as the light dies from his eyes.
Sherlock pulls up each of his sleeves with a practiced flick, bends over until his nose is just one inch from John’s, and places his palm in the center of John’s warm chest.
Sherlock loves to taste this new body, be held down by it, held together. He loves to collapse on top of it after an exhausting day of training, sinking into the soft skin with a groaning sigh. He loves to catalogue the rolling, firm lines of it in the dark with his fingertips, the fascinatingly unexplored thickness below the dips of Greg’s arse, the valleys of his waist when he curls around Sherlock in bed. The stronger, bolder, more intoxicating line of his jaw.
,” Greg had whispered to him just that morning near the athlete showers when he was rubbing out Sherlock’s shoulder in a perfectly normal, coach-like manner. He’d pressed too hard on a knot in a way that was not at all an accident when Sherlock had corrected him under his breath, “
John turns down a side street off the main road and glances casually to his right before turning again behind the back of an old surf shop, surrounded on three sides by the beginnings of a stretch of lush, rolling green hills. With a bewildered frown Sherlock turns the same corner, only to immediately feel hands grabbing his shoulders and slamming him back into the wall. Sherlock barely has time to grunt in surprise before a hand comes up to rip the sunglasses from his face and throw them to the ground, and then John Watson is kissing him fiercely, pressing him back into the wall with the force of his body and gripping at Sherlock’s hair and shoulder as if Sherlock will fall apart without the firm grasp of his hands.
Holmes: “I don’t see why that could possibly be of interest to your average home viewers, but yes, it is not uncommon. Watson is at least somewhat competent at strapping himself up so he doesn’t drop out of the harness and become Patient #2.”
“Group Captain,” he hears in a crisp, attentive voice, and then John’s eyes focus on the young man in uniform at the end of the table, standing at attention and
Sherlock feels a flushed, embarrassed grin spread across his cheeks when he realizes John’s just goading him on purpose. He clears his throat and watches the shimmer of the waves far out in the distance.
They take a mutual breath and both reach for their respective door handles. Sherlock feels his body change the instant he steps outside the car. Already his shoulders are back, chin higher, eyes itching to get behind their protective dark lenses. He leaves them off – just a few minutes longer. The sudden desperation he feels to hold on to his final seconds as Sherlock Holmes takes him by surprise. He helps John unload his board and bag, makes sure he has the water they packed and some food.
John decides to play aloof. If he doesn’t he’ll go and sink right down into the sand, small and forgotten.
John reaches out for his arm, and Sherlock flinches at the touch, hands still clutching at his hair.
A too-long pause follows, one we have now witnessed in Watson multiple times throughout the course of the series. He takes a long breath and scrunches one side of his mouth, biting the inside of his cheek.
We fade in to Greg sitting on a slope of snow at the edge of the helipads. The red of his jumpsuit is brilliant against the faded grey and white of the distant peaks. He wraps his arms around his knees and speaks looking out in the distance.
Greg waits for Sherlock to look at him, but he never does. He drops his arms. And he feels he suddenly learns something about Sherlock that he’d never known before—that Sherlock is his own man. Because embarrassing as it is for Greg to admit, he hasn’t always seen him that way. Not quite.
Sherlock lets out a breathy laugh and runs his nose along John’s, trailing his fingers through the hair on John’s chest with one hand while the other grips under his thigh. He opens his eyes and John wants to gasp gazing down into them. Wants to press his lips right onto his eyelids and feel his eyelashes brushing against his mouth. The eyes that only he gets to see.
Maybe that’s what age does to me, though. Make me write and ramble on about things that have no use at all in a cowboy’s letters. And what age does to your granddaddy is make him sleep past sunup. I ain’t never known him to sleep past sunup in all our long years together. Not until these last six months.
I shake my head, just a smiling and pleasant old man, and she goes on. “Well, as I’m sure you know, Sherlock’s brilliant. A genius, actually. Graduated with honors in Chemistry at Cambridge two years early, and then he was on a fast track to join the police service. Forensics.”
And Sherlock sees it now, like a glorious silver thread connecting the peaks of his life, everything comforting and trustworthy and
Next time: What happens when the documentary crew lets John and Sherlock know their secret was revealed? And also, what the hell is going on?
We see a flurry of hands on someone’s torso, yanked open paramedic bags with supplies spilling out onto what we recognize is the painted asphalt of the helipad at the base.
Rick frowns. “Any idea what made him so off? Something go wrong this morning? Things on his mind? The pressure and recent . . . attention finally get to him, make him lose his nerve?”
Simon and Robbie take the rest of the team to one of the local rock faces to practice belay climbing and bouldering for fun.
I rise on shaky knees and hold the shirts to my chest, to my nose, to my cheek. I can’t help the moan that escapes my lips. I been holdin’ it in for two days. I clutch at the fabric and breathe it in, tryin’ to find a rush of cold mountain, or a hint of campfire, or the dusky warm smell of Sherlock’s skin in the tent, but all I can smell is the musty draft of the closet.
On the one hand I hate it, because it’s taken away his freedom from him. It’s taken his body and turned it into something alien, some bizarre form that stares back at him as that of a stranger whenever he looks in a mirror. Even now it juts out between him and the edge of the table, keeping him away from his experiment and cramping, even with his long fingers rubbing idly back and forth over the stretching skin as he works. It’s between us when we lie facing each other in bed, keeping space between our bodies where we used to leave none.
Holmes: "Obviously, it's the universal language. Wouldn't want her to be kept out of international communications, would you?"
Watson looks like he is going to keep yelling, that or fall to his knees, but instead he immediately puts his hand on Simon’s shoulder and shakes his head.
She half-heartedly holds out the mic, as if afraid Sherlock might bite off her hand. He leans down to speak into it. “Of course, I give my sincerest congratulations to my competitors, and apologize for stepping off the podium before I was told to do so.”
Then his eyes fall shut, and after a final beat of hesitation, Sherlock closes the gap between them, distantly aware of thousands of people gasping in shock at once. And he kisses him.
“Right,” John says as he strides inside. He scrubs his skin furiously in the tiny shower, rubbing until he feels pink and raw. The door to the bedroom is closed, light pouring out from underneath by the time John makes it back out to the main room. He flicks off the light with such force it nearly topples over, flings himself onto the couch, and hates himself when he notices Scotty left a folded up blanket and a pillow for him. He huffs onto his side, forces his brain to shut off, and stares blankly into the dark.
Sherlock’s heart explodes. It explodes and stops beating and soars up straight into the heavens all at once. He drops the screwdriver down into the sand. His muscles ache with adrenaline pumping through them like fire. Adrenaline and shock and disbelief and
Sherlock isn’t quite sure what happens. The anthem may have still been playing its final notes, and the Silver and Bronze may have been about to turn towards Sherlock to give him a handshake; maybe they were all supposed to pose for pictures for thirty-seconds while holding up their respective flags; maybe an interview would have followed, and another round of handshakes and flower bouquets.
guess the second, more important reason he got himself banned from these nighttime chats two years ago. Because Sherlock knows himself well enough to know that it would only take five minutes of whiskey and crackling fires and hands on thighs for him to open his big mouth and let all their secrets pour out—the ones he’s been told, and the ones he’s only privately inferred.
“Sherlock wait!” I yell. He doesn’t stop. Doesn’t hesitate. I chase him as fast as I can, breath wheezing. Chase him farther and farther back towards the smell of the ocean, closer and closer to the sea. I chase him for what feels like miles – barely hanging on as he flies around each unexpected turn. Barely keeping sight of his bright, pale skin.
“I’ll say it again,” the doctor cuts in, holding up a hand as he gathers his things. “I shouldn’t have to explain it to you, Mr. Holmes. It is Mother Nature, nothing more.”
The soldier nods, satisfied, then turns and gestures to the rest of the table. He introduces one by one the other people on the Classifications Committee for Nordic Skiing, ending with himself as Corporal Lloyd Johnson, Veterans’ Liaison Officer.
Then I realized, little one, you were seeing our love just the same. You were seeing what we were, take it or leave it. Better or worse.
“Good morning, and welcome to your first official day of these 2018 Pyeongchang Winter Games. With NBC-International, I’m Sonya Westley.”
The alarm on my wrist blares into the air, shattering the silence. I flinch in his arms and pull back. The alarm counts down.
He’s been trying to convince himself this is real since he officially took off his warm-up gear fifteen minutes ago when his time trials group was given their warning to prepare. Since he waxed his skis and checked his gun and ammo for the last time, strapping it tightly across his back. Since he triple-checked his prosthetic, gave his name and number to the course official, and was given a place in line, where he squatted and shifted on his feet in the snow, wondering why
With practiced journalistic ease, Sonya manages to guide Sherlock back from the barricade to face the cameras. Surprisingly, John watches Sherlock go with her, not a moment of resistance.
We watch Watson pause mid-step. He looks back at Holmes across the asphalt. Holmes nods his goodbye.
Greg jumps at the sudden whoosh of milky tea and half-eaten toast rushing up behind him in the soundstage corner. He knows denial is laughably futile, but . . .
Greg never goes anywhere near the fucking scars, as if just the stroke of his fingers alone would cause John unimaginable pain.
His words rumble deep into my bones. It sounds like the open sky throwing wind against the boulders up on Baker, rattling the thin walls of the tent with the rushing force of the mountain.
." Greg suddenly remembers who he's speaking to, as if he could have possibly forgotten, and he fights down a wash of embarrassment. "Sorry—I mean, not too terrified? Not nervous?”
Sherlock reaches out a shaking hand, and John takes it with equally trembling fingers, palms squeezing hard, fingers locked firmly in a grasp. Suddenly the beach around them vanishes. The only things on earth are the sunlight above them, and the sound of the waves still crashing into the shore, and the feeling of John Watson’s hand in his. John shakes his hand once, then simply holds on. Sherlock feels another tear threatening to fall lose, and he lets it, knowing they’re just far away enough that no one else will see.
Echoes of Holmes’ breathing back inside the crevasse. The panic building up in his throat. A crushing wall of impenetrable snow sucking him deeper, captured by the blurry go-pro lens.
“Of course I’m fucking serious. I know of a guy who’ll do it – say the magic words and shit, even if there won’t be any stupid piece of paper involved. So in a year when you’ve convinced yourself that we won’t kill each other and we won’t be destitute and you won’t be stepping back on a plane to that Los Angeles hell hole, you can stand in front of me and get married like you wanted.”
John can’t help it. Sherlock looks so confused and rumpled and adorable in the soft grey light that he wants to take a photo and paint it onto his own skin, right next to his heart. He leans down and places a soft kiss on Sherlock’s lips, and Sherlock completely freezes below him.
Realization sinks in John’s stomach like lead: so Sherlock won’t be at his medal ceremony, then. Will hideout somewhere else. Will leave him, too.
“When I went back up to the rocks last night to get our clothes – your . . . the casing was still in your pocket. I have it now, if you want it.”
.” Then the two of them had simply responded with the beautiful sound of his murmured name. With soft, wet lips on his chest. His palms. His scars.
John takes one last look at him, beautiful and glowing in the sun, then he closes his eyes, chest panging.
John knows, as he takes one final minute to gather his wits standing just inside Sherlock’s door, that these are just a handful of the thousand reasons why he never texts “
-I'm taking a lot of liberties with the Big Wave surfing world here  - how this competition would have been structured, who would have been in attendance, what the mood on the beach would have been like, what safety precautions (lifeguards, jet ski's, etc.) would have been. Hey, that's why we call it fiction, right?
John clears his throat and nods, looking out the window with a look on his face like he’s going to be sick. Sherlock can tell he doesn’t want to be left alone to his thoughts, so he keeps talking. Talks about the weather conditions, and the currents, the topography underneath the water along the Banzai Pipeline and the way the social scene usually works at this competition (not like he’s ever actually been part of it). He talks until he feels his voice growing hoarse and they’re pulling up twenty minutes later to the outskirts of the beach, the sleepy town already alive and busy for competition day. John gives Sherlock’s thigh one final squeeze before removing it, running his hands over his face and sighing before leaning back to look out at the sky through the open ceiling of the Jeep.
Sherlock looks skeptical, and Greg merely waits for John to elaborate. John runs a hand through his styled hair, probably to Sherlock’s horror, and takes one last look at the living room—reminding himself that this is far from his last look, that nothing will happen to it, that this is still their home.
“Good afternoon!” Sonya chimes. “Welcome back to the NBC-International studio. And here, coming to your living rooms all the way from South Korea, is the interview the whole world has been waiting for!”
Does he miss this? Just the two of them? John is missing, possibly forever, and here is Sherlock, aroused and clutching a warm body, breathless, his senses filled with nothing but
He looks like the dictionary definition of youth. Glorious mind burning and brilliant in the sun. I allow myself to smile. My voice is slightly choked. “It is,” I agree.
faster than his coach Greg Lestrade’s long-standing World Record of 1:13.49, set, as we all remember, during his Gold-medal run at Sochi. It’s a shame for Super-Greg that his first coaching season will likely end in disappointment. You have to wonder if he’s standing out here wishing he’d chosen to coach Eric Thompson, the current American leader, instead, even if it meant betraying France for the States. I seem to remember Thompson was coach-shopping two seasons ago.”
I shake my head, feeling naïve. “Only that he lives here,” I say. My voice sounds wet and old. “And that he doesn’t have a pain monitor.”
Apologies to those of you I have convinced to start watching this show. While I doubt any of you became quite as obsessed as I was / am, I understand the rabbit hole you may have fallen into. At least we're all in Horn Hell together.
I lean down to feel the old pair a rodeo boots sittin’ on the floor, rubbing the old worn leather cross my fingers and picturing how they’d look under the bright stadium lights, when I notice a little slot between the back of the closet and the wall. I reach my fingers into the dark slit and pull out a shirtsleeve. It’s a dark blue flannel. There’s blood on the sleeve. Something sparks in the back of my brain, and my chest starts heaving. The fabric feels heavy in my hands, and I peek inside the cuff to see there’s a whole ‘nother shirt tucked inside. I pull it out through the sleeve inch by inch, and my breath catches in my throat. There’s blood on this sleeve, too. It’s the denim shirt I thought I left up on Baker, tucked inside Sherlock’s own shirt like a second skin.
He winces at the harsh, panting sound of his exhausted voice through the speakers, but then again, he just came in third. He doesn’t bloody care.
But Greg tenses now after just a few seconds of Sherlock’s lips on his brow, waiting for the peaceful moment to be over. For Sherlock to huff that they’re already late because of that
Sonya beams at him. “Humble words from this inspiring biathlete here today. John, we hope to see a repeat performance tomorrow for the Finals. Best of luck to you.”
Sherlock feels a bewildered smile curling at the corners of his lips as John opens his eyes to gaze at him, pinning him back to the wall with the pure, earnest truth in the lines of his face. Sherlock licks his lips and tries to speak, tries to pick out words that he could possibly say that would somehow do justice to the fact that John just willingly left a crowd of people who were fawning all over him just so that he could press Sherlock’s back into a wall and kiss him.
The day after Scotty’s fourteenth birthday he took apart an old fax machine he found dumped behind the high school where everybody laughed and called him Egg-white, on account of the fact he had the palest skin any of them had ever seen, and he’d committed the social crime of eating an egg salad sandwich packed by his father’s wife on his first day of school there. Scotty tinkered for a week and finally put the fax machine back together so that it only ever printed out Led Zeppelin lyrics. And it was then that he realized that a whole lot of people would pay good money to get a kid to fix their televisions and calculators and radios for half the price it would cost them at a Radio Shack.
Greg takes a deep breath. Sherlock’s foot is still pressed firmly up against his own. His voice is blessedly smooth and normal when he finally speaks. “It has been an honor,” he says, nodding at the screen. “And
has lived through the epitome of unfair, is stronger than all of them combined, and how can it possibly be that this man somehow feels lucky? Here, in a secret bed, between secret sheets?
. And all for this: to be here the day before Sherlock’s biggest challenge, standing helpless in the snow. Wondering who is more sorry. Who has changed the most. Who has stayed the same.
Greg: “Maybe it is the military training. His personality. Whatever it is. But, you do not know what will happen? You need someone to keep their head? You want John Watson there.”
John’s heart unexpectedly melts, churning in his chest, and without thinking he leans forward with a sigh and falls into Sherlock’s arms, burying his face against Sherlock’s neck and feeling Sherlock’s hands come up to hold him steadily at his back.
” And then Greg had stared down at the snow, at the exact spot where Sherlock’s head had smacked the ice. And before Sherlock could decide how to respond, he’d said, “
Sherlock catches a glimpse of the video Greg appears to be watching—a fuzzy Youtube clip of the Salt Lake City Super-G Finals, and Sherlock’s stomach does a horrible flip just as Greg jumps in surprise and slams the laptop closed.
Just when Greg realizes he can’t take another step without grunting in discomfort, he pulls up and stops without warning. He gets no light-hearted enjoyment out of the ensuing scuffle behind him as John and Sherlock both try to stop in time before colliding. When he finally turns around, they’re standing in a small circle, seemingly alone in some sort of Siberian wasteland, nothing but blinding white, and fogging clouds of breath, and the French and British flags. And two pairs of blue eyes.
“No, no but’s. I haven’t wanted to fucking kill myself since the second I met you, and I’m pretty sure you’ve felt the same. So unless you tell me to leave –”
We drop in to a breathtaking view of miles of fresh snow, shining blindingly in the bright sun. The slopes have been untouched by skis.
Subtly, for half of a second, a look of worry passes over his face. His brow frowns. He reaches into his pocket, pulls out his mobile, and appears to send a text without even looking. He shoves it back into his pocket before anyone’s noticed.
Almost immediately, a new alarm sounds. The team left in the hangar jumps quickly into action. Helmets are pulled on, and the chopper blades roar, and the familiar sound of voices through radios fills the hangar with a static buzz. Gerold hops into the pilot seat as Dom latches the rear door.
I feel his palm on my cheek, steady and cold from the air. It’s like fine silk that’s been sittin’ in a trunk in the attic over winter. Like the way the sleepin’ pad Aguirre done loaned us felt against my face whenever I rolled over and smelled his scent in the tent mixing with the fire embers and sheep’s wool.
We stand there staring at each other for a full minute. The wind rips and howls through the tan air between us like the earth itself is mourning and blows dust between my legs and into the trailer behind me. I grip the door jam and tell myself to breathe, breathe, breathe, breathe, but I know I’ve done gone and clearly lost my mind seeing a ghost parked outside my front door, and that it’s only be a matter of time before my body gives out and admits defeat.
Sherlock feels himself visibly blush as his mouth spits out the last part about seeing Johnny change on the beach. The admission hangs between them like a lead weight in the air.
He’d escaped, just as the final notes of the anthem finished playing, stomping on every journalists’ foot as he slunk through the crowd. He’d marched in a daze away from the stadium, back to the village, across the courtyards and the half-empty streets, until he’d suddenly come to and found himself staring straight at Gate 5.
Sherlock jogs to catch up. “I have to say, if I ever see a rainbow again in my life, it will still feel too soo—”
He stops just in front of where Greg and John still stand somewhat dumbfounded in the shadows of the nearest high rise, and he fidgets and looks down at his feet for a few seconds before finally looking up at John.
But John needed Sherlock to be fully awake to hear them, not drifting off in a doze with half a smile on his lips, one hand reaching out to gently cling to the hem of John’s shorts, not even letting go when he finally drifted off to fall asleep.
” And then a cursing Greg Lestrade had appeared through the trees into the open snow, Sherlock’s surname on his furious lips. And he’d seen John Watson sitting calmly in his monoski by Sherlock’s side. And Greg had stopped dead in his tracks, mid-curse, and breathed, “
“Let me guess – that I’ll check out your ass? Force myself on you when you aren’t looking?” he sneers back. He thinks of his hand down his pants earlier that evening in his dingy motel room and forces himself not to visibly shiver with shame.
Out of nowhere, just as Rick’s beanie fades into the crowd, John laughs. The heartache of his sleepless night, the stress of rushing to the stadium, the nausea and fear watching Sherlock’s run, the frozen dread listening to Rick Jordan list thirty reasons why Sherlock’s dream will never come true, the pain of watching Sherlock ski away, not hearing his name . . .
Sherlock grins to himself in the shower as he thinks how that has to be his most ingenious get-me-out-of-this-conversation-forever trick to date.
Greg tries to look stern, but the warmth shines through in his eyes, forcing a smile at the corners of his lips.
Cut back to Watson still being lowered on the winch. We hear Patrick’s controlled breathing as he guides him down towards the distant ice. Dominic lifts up a hand to wave. Elsa sees Watson in the air and barks once.
But Sherlock’s trousers are just a hair too short for his legs, and Greg has a spot of shaving cream left under his ear, and John knows that this is the right decision, the doubts in his mind quieting to a faint hum. He thinks of Greg’s face that night nearly a month ago in the hotel room, of Sherlock’s face in the moments after he won, and he knows.
Sherlock huffs through his nose. “A little trick I’ve learned called ‘looking at his face’. Plus he got himself off last night while I told him about you holding him down.”
He suddenly feels nervous. Apologetic. As if he’s been ordered up for some sort of inspection which he isn’t at all sure he’ll pass. Like he should have his head down and be murmuring, “
The sentence feels ridiculous in his head. If someone had told him a week ago that he’d be waiting to go for a private surf and training session with the Scotty Holmes just two days after winning the Qualifying circuit of the International Surf Festival he’d have thought that all the POW training in the Navy had finally caught up with him and absolutely fried his brain. Left him just a hallucinating vegetable.
“Later,” he whispers, and Sherlock understands. Then John grins one last time at him, his beautiful lips curving up just at the corners in a smile meant for him and him alone, and then he steps just barely to the side, and Sherlock absolutely freezes.
). John grins inwardly when his suspicion is confirmed that the committee have absolutely no idea that they’re discussing the intricate points of Super-G Gold Contender Sherlock Holmes’ original design.
I feel consumed, his giant, rough hands cupping either side of my face like he’s scared I’m gonna break apart if he lets go. I’ve only ever done this twice with Alma back in high school in the rafters of the barn in summertime, but she never held me down against the mountains with glistening arms, or rubbed a hot and pulsing hardness into the top of my thigh, or kissed me so deep into my mouth that I could barely breathe, stubble and callouses leaving tiny marks all over my cheeks and neck.
“Far out, Molls. I owe you one.” He kisses her cheek and takes the heat number in his hands before following Greg back over to their boards.
-While I took inspiration from a few traditional Hawaiian wedding ceremony details, the ceremony that Chris does for John and Sherlock is mostly just from my own head, and isn’t meant to misrepresent or appropriate any traditional or religious ceremonies. Since Chris is forging his own path by agreeing to do these gay ceremonies (which were very much a thing for gay couples in the 70’s and even earlier), I figured he would have his own unique ceremony to go with it.
We don’t talk. Don’t need to. Both of us knows the other is seeing colors for the first time since that parking lot out front Aguirre’s trailer, and no words is ever gonna be better than that. Sherlock keeps looking over at me real quick, like he got lost in his head and had to check to make sure I was still there, that he wasn’t dreamin’ it all up out his head in the middle of a lonely walk home after a rodeo.
Sherlock tucks those words away in his mind so he can revisit them after this interaction inevitably goes to shit. After Lahela runs away from him embarrassed and disgusted in the sand. He feels John stiffen beside him – he realizes what Sherlock’s about to say. He does absolutely nothing to stop him, just stands tall, chin high.
John pulls off and reaches down to grip at Sherlock’s hair. “Fucking hell, Holmes. God look at you.” Then his lips are back around Sherlock’s cock, licking up the precome from the slit and moaning at the taste before sucking him down again deep.
“The hell you’re Scotty Holmes!” John heaves in air and feels his legs shaking, cold and exposed in the breeze. “Don’t fucking lie to me like that.”
You are going to shut your mouth, and the both of you will put on your skis, and you will ski with me.
“And speaking of playing at being the hero, look at yourself,” Sherlock says. He looks at me with sharp pain in his eyes. I can’t even imagine now what his eyes looked like an hour ago, soft and trembling in the quiet lighthouse air as he breathed warm kisses across my bare skin. “Did you see me as some charity case for your last weeks on earth? Some good deed so you can leave feeling good about yourself?”
” says Greg’s voice, and even through the irritation, the sheer beautiful sound of it makes Sherlock sink into the floor. He’s missed him. He’s missed him terribly. He’s missed the snow and fresh air and skis and everyone and everything. He’s missed the Olympics—horrifying as that is to acknowledge.
Holmes: “No use. The fog is too thick. I’ve seven current ideas of his exact GPS coordinates, but will need to come back when the weather is clear to confirm so we can touch down and search.”
Greg shakes his head gently. “Nothing in hell to be sorry for.” He takes a deep breath, and John feels the moment shifting like the ocean rising to swallow them whole, forcing itself up from the deep. “You looked happy,” Greg says quietly. “With him.”
Alma clicks her knitting needles together so hard they ring through the whole apartment. “I think it could be nice,” she says to her lap.
Sherlock doesn’t even look up at the prospect of John visiting. Greg bites down another hissing stream of curses. He’s already said all he could possibly say, and Sherlock wouldn’t listen to anything else anyway. He wonders if Sherlock is aware that Greg remembers every single syllable Sherlock uttered. That he cannot just delete their argument like Sherlock undoubtedly has.
Sherlock sighs, oblivious to their silent communication where he squints down at the bags, and runs a hand through his half-dry curls. The hair on the back of Greg’s neck suddenly prickles, a crackling wave of dangerous electricity through the air.
Next up: John surfs in Day 2 of the Billabong Pipeline Masters! After waking up next to Sherlock, of course.
We stand in sudden silence, the wind whipping between our bodies like a scream. I’ve never felt so flayed raw in my life. So naked and crumbling.
Sherlock turns his gaze from the winding, dirt road to look at John. His own heart is racing, as if he’s the one who’s going to have to surf their ass off all day and not John. Since jogging back up to the house from the shoreline his brain had been an absolute whirlwind. He’d been running different strategies through his mind, trying to predict the way the waves would be that day, making a list of everything they’d need to do and bring, and suddenly John had grabbed him by the shoulders and pressed him up against the back of the doorway and kissed him. Hard. Licked into his mouth and grinded him back into the rough wood and groaned and pulled on a fistful of his curls. And he’d pulled back before Sherlock could even begin to respond and said “fuck, Holmes, what you do to me,” and Sherlock had thought he would melt into a puddle and never walk again.
Sherlock feels his eyes watering. He hears what she’s saying - what she means. That somehow a kid from bumfuck nowhere Iowa worked his ass off enough to call what he does on a board an art. A religion. He thinks of John,
Sherlock gasps, caught out. The world starts moving again around him for the first time since he’d stepped foot in the doorway. “How the hell do you know about that?”
John nearly laughs. “Jesus, look at you! You just . . . I thought your neck was fucking broken. Do you understand that? I thought you were . . . you were
Sherlock laughs again, legs shaky. “No.” He brushes his thumb gently across John’s lower lip, watching the soft skin gently stretch under the pressure of his finger. “I was thinking that you have the most beautiful mouth, but you say the dirtiest things.”
Watson, still smirking: “I’m glad I don’t present the pathetic picture of the lost Englishmen to you all.”
Greg wonders when this interview completely derailed from being anything about Sherlock Holmes. He runs a hand through his hair to buy time, inwardly proud that he’s only resorted to doing that once so far this interview. “Right after Sochi, yes.”
Minutes tick by like dull, sickening thuds. The agony of waiting in the grandstands, desperately hoping for the camera to periodically focus on John’s progress is making Greg’s heart race in an odd rhythm, and he’s sweating so badly he eventually shucks off his jacket onto his seat.
And it suddenly occurs to Greg, though he isn’t even sure how, that John and Sherlock are waiting for his signal to start.
And then he’s gone, disappearing into the sea of country flags dotting the stands and the wave of athletes and coaches making their way to the pavilion by the start. John fights against the temptation to call Walter back and beg him to do the interview with him, and instead turns to the interviewer, dipping his face from the glaring light of the camera.
But I kiss both of his cheeks, and hold his face in my hands. Rest the whole weight of my body on top of him so he can feel.
The roar of Greg’s helicopter cuts off his words. He turns his head, swooping the go-pro with him, just in time to see Watson leap up into the back of the helicopter after the stretcher. He immediately begins CPR as Dom reaches out to slam the helicopter door closed. He taps on the inside of the window to signal Greg, and they soar straight up into the air, leaving the ground in a swirl of snow and cloud.
Maybe to anyone else on earth, maybe even to you, his voice woulda sounded totally normal, like he was just speaking low.
“—and they will ask the same inane questions and speculate on the same boring things. They will make the same pointless jokes. And most of the questions will be directed at me anyway as the competitor. You can just sit there and talk about winning four Golds and look incredibly competent and wise in your coach’s jacket.”
And then, without warning, she’d come back into my room this morning with an official looking paper in her hand, crisp and white. “Good news, Dr. Watson,” she’d said, a little out of breath. The circles under her eyes were dark.
But it is. Because I’ve told myself this will be my last Visit. And because I’ve signed a paper saying it is not my last wish to Stay.
“It’s bad form to insult a fellow soldier,” he spits in Hintley’s face. Then he presses a button, and the stick glows blinding white, and with a startled gasp Hintley evaporates into thin air, leaving not even a shadow behind.
How Sherlock had laid his whole weight on top of him, just barely rolling his hips so that they hit the spot inside of John that made his toes curl and the breath knock clear from his lungs. And how he’d whispered softly against his mouth, “dearest love” as he’d reached between them and gripped John’s cock in his hand and pumped him until he came.
Greg sways a bit when John steps back, fully expecting an embrace. He knows that Sherlock sees this, and so he resolutely does not make it any worse by trying to cover it over with a ridiculous cough.
He plants one last kiss at the corner of my mouth, breathing hard, and presses his forehead to mine, enclosing me in the warm space of his body. His curls whip against my forehead in the breeze and I shiver, drawing myself closer to his chest.
John wipes his hand once more on his work pants and extends it out in front of him. His hand is steady.
Holmes: “Well obviously you weren’t being observant enough. As usual. Probably too busy thinking about something idiotic like the next beanie you’re going to purchase, or how to teach Elsa to speak English.”
So he can’t realistically know the typical hungover level of any university student alive. And anyway, he doesn’t think a drop of alcohol has passed his lips since his last whiskey night with John nearly . . . four months ago? Five?
There’s an odd sound next to him, something like a soft moan. Sherlock blinks hard out of his visualization of his route down the course and looks over to see Greg standing with his head held high and his eyes closed. His chapped lips are pursed into a straight line.
“You’re here,” John says, stupidly, when he steps up to the railing. Greg rushes to him, while Sherlock calmly stands and follows, slowly pulling the sunglasses off his face.
The horn sounds, blasting across the waves, and John doesn’t even flinch as he sprints out towards the ocean to the sound of a roaring cheer from the crowd. Sherlock stands breathlessly in the middle of the crowd, salty wind rushing at his back, and he feels a piece of his chest be dragged out to sea towards the largest swells on the face of the earth, kept safe and secure in the warm patch of skin over John Watson’s steady, pulsing heartbeat.
Sherlock hates himself. He hates his stupid brain and his stupid ideas and his stupid plans which make John think he’s being attacked in a war when he’s just trying to sleep.
We haven’t talked about what will happen when he starts showing. The thought won’t even fully stick in my head. It floats away like a stubborn moth, alighting just at the last second before my palms can cup around it. Sherlock’s stomach has the tiniest swell to it, even now after barely two months. We both noticed it at the same time. I was stepping into the shower as he was stepping out, and I asked him if he was feeling alright, because he looked a little bloated. He looked down shocked at himself, his hands flying to either side of his belly button. I watched the progression of emotions across his face – confusion, disbelief, a flare of panic, then resignation.
And there’s the pulsing heat of his thickening cock surrounded by soft hair, burning white like a piercing flame where it’s starting to rock against Greg’s stomach. The wet caress of his generous lips. John’s rough, steady hands holding his jaw. The groaning vibration of his rolling, soft tongue between his lips.
Sherlock is napping now with his head in my lap. I’m typing this one-handed on my phone as my other hand cards through his hair, relishing in the fact that he’s finally, actually getting some rest. The midwives are here in the other room preparing – when he wakes up, it will be time to go. Time to start.
And Sherlock has tried for years, has spent literal hours thinking it over, and he still hasn’t come up with a single word in English or French that could accurately convey the intensity with which he loves the ever-growing broadness to Greg’s strong back.
that happens when I curl up into the curve of his body, skin to skin, and fall asleep to the beat of his heart caressing my back.
“Can you even see anything back there, little man, or are you just staring straight into my shoulder blade?”
This morning was bad. I woke up from a fitful sleep to the sound of Sherlock groaning next to me, clutching at the sides of his belly and grunting out my name. I’ve never pushed a speed dial button faster in my life, told the midwives to get here (well, actually I don’t remember saying anything at all but I must have made sense because they showed up on our doorstep thirty minutes later). Sherlock was kneeling on the floor with a pillow under his knees with me in front of him, resting the weight of his belly on a pile of blankets and burying his face in my neck, with his fingers clasped so tightly around the top of my shirt I could barely breathe. I rubbed his back, kissed his damp hair, ran my warm palm along the dark stretch mark along the front of his belly that I know pains him when it stretches.
One of the paramedics has pulled the bandana off Sherlock’s face, then stabilizes his neck with his hands while they wait for a brace to be fitted. Another paramedic slowly removes Sherlock’s helmet, and the crowd gasps when Sherlock’s eyes remain closed, when his head lolls back into the paramedic’s hands, completely limp.
Greg holds up both hands, immediately silencing them both, and the sound of everyone’s harsh breathing echoes through the room. Greg’s chest aches for a moment when he remembers how just a few hours ago he’d been longing for that collective breathing, their mixed sighs, the power of everyone’s lungs in the warm, safe bed.
John Watson is a marvel. He stands on a beach willingly holding Sherlock’s body in his arms, letting him touch and mark and feel his skin with his hands, letting him ask him, beg him to hold his ground against his fear. John’s eyes don’t leave his. The icy water continues to lick at their ankles, leaving their toes in cool, damp pockets of sand.
Keith won a medal for it all. For saving Jack’s body for his funeral and saving John Watson’s breath in his lungs. He visited John in the hospital, holding his thin hand in the uncomfortable silence, and John clamped his mouth shut so he wouldn’t ask Keith why the hell he didn’t just leave him to rest in peace on the beach. It was hard to talk if they weren’t standing shoulder to shoulder on the starboard deck. Keith slipped a bullet casing into his hand, and neither one of them said goodbye.
They exit a final door into the blasting sunlight of the late afternoon, momentarily disorienting in its brightness, then pause at the edges of the Village courtyard.
John realizes he couldn’t breathe now even if he wanted to; he cannot expand his lungs. He’s in a helicopter over the desert sand lit up by thick stars, by the fire of the enemy piercing the black skies, and Wing Commander James Sholto is screaming into his headset that he needs to seek cover and land, that he needs to return to his men, that he’s going to be hit, and “
John chuckles, watching as Sherlock and Greg stop walking up ahead of them by the house along the shore, toes dipping into wet and foaming sand, and Greg leans forward to put his hand on Sherlock’s arm, holding him there. They learn towards each other, both speaking low and nodding. Something tells John he already knows the gist of what they must be talking about, and the sight of the two people he loves most in the world currently holding each other by the sea burns fresh warmth spreading through his chest, making him have to blink away.
He sits next to me by the fire like our conversation the other day didn’t even happen. I can’t help it. I reach up without even thinking and brush the leaves out of his hair, lettin’ my fingers trail through the tangles in his curls. I pull my hand back when I realize what I’ve just done, stare straight at the fire until the flames begin to hurt my eyes. He wraps his elbows round his knees and takes another long drink. He shakes his head and gives a little huff of a laugh.
John’s aunt took him in after his mom looked the wrong way stepping off the moonlit curb at the end of the pier and met with the hood of a cherry red Chrysler speeding on its way to catch Teddy Edwards at the Lighthouse Café up in Hermosa Beach.
I see now that that’s why he didn’t talk to me for near three days straight when we first met. Suddenly I want to tell him something – tell the friend beside me a little piece of my own world to make up for the fact that he was hidin’ terrified of a beating from a soldier all this time we’ve been trapped together up on the mountain.
-Let's be real, there are a ton of surfing terms in this chapter. Too many for me to list out. However, I made sure I only used terms and vocabulary from
Watson sighs and shakes his head out the window while Greg replies to the radio. Dominic reaches up from the back and claps Watson on the shoulder.
John wishes Sherlock’s fingernails would pierce his skin and draw out blood and scar. A permanent reminder. His own version of the tattoo that rests warm and soft on Sherlock’s back beneath his palms.
I shove my hands in my pockets, and don’t let myself fade back into the shadows, and I scrunch up my nose underneath the rim of my glasses and wait. Feeling like a starving man waiting with a dry mouth for a gleaming slice of frosting-topped cake, not sure if the cake will ever come. But hoping. God, hoping.
Radio voice, in German: “Update for you on Rothorn. Female patient: eight years of age, possible broken femur with broken skin.”
John takes him by the wrist and starts to lead him away. “Here let’s get you some air. There’s nothing more you can do.”
. Cool saltwater rushes over his cock in the wake of Sherlock’s palm, exploding across his hot and pulsing skin in bursts of cold foam as John groans deep in his chest and comes. Sherlock’s other arm grips him by the chest, pulling John back and close into his body while his fingertips reach up to trail along John’s neck as he throws his head back towards the sky. John’s orgasm shatters out from his bones and gushes across the surface of the sea, hurtling out towards the horizon from the point of Sherlock’s palm still caressing his penis beneath the water. Sherlock moans into his ear.
There’s just him, and the ice cold metal clutched in his hands, and the strong set of his shoulders as he takes his stance, aligning his spine. His eye tracks the target—just a black dot appearing from the billowing swirls of fog and snow. He places a perfectly steady fingertip on the trigger.
Sherlock smirks and runs a hand over the firm curve of John’s arse. “Join the club, Watson. I’m pretty sure Greg’s had t-shirts made up. Now let’s go.”
“Swear to God,” John mutters again. “Some days I think he’s really an eight year old who added an extra two decades to his ID. Makes me feel like a grandad trying to get him to eat his peas.”
p.s. I know the UST is becoming unbearable, but I promise it will resolve soon! Thanks for hanging in there so far :)
-Credit where credit is due: I re-watched some scenes from Forrest Gump and Apocalypse Now in order to get a good mental image for this chapter. If the descriptions seem familiar to you, that's most likely why.
John’s breath catches in his throat as he turns in the glassy shallows to watch Scotty chase after his own incoming swell – small but with promise. The long, lean lines of his body cut through the water like silk. John desperately wants to turn away, but he’s frozen. Riveted as he stares at the way the inky tendrils of the tattoo shift and ripple across the muscles as Scotty paddles. He turns to catch the wave, paddles once more, then shoots up all at once to a gasp from the crowd. John convinces himself the burning in his cheeks is just from the sun as he watches Scotty’s long, sinewy arms extend for balance, ripping down along the face of the wave and throwing up spray with each half turn up along to the lip.
After barely more than a two minute phone call, snuck in while Sherlock was vomiting over the toilet and simultaneously calling out for me to grab some Tupperware asap to catch the vomit for an experiment (I did no such fucking thing, thank you very much), he had everything arranged perfectly. For the first and probably only time ever, I surprised Sherlock.
want him to do just that. I reach back my fist and slug him hard and good right across the nose, just like he thought I was going to that very first time he told me how he knew my daddy’s watch was in the glove box of my truck.
Drop me a line if you feel so inclined - it's the highest of joys to hear from you all after posting a new chapter of this story. All my thanks for the kind words so far.
John can only exhale once through his nose in response. He desperately wants to sit down; his left leg is starting to ache from balancing on it for so long. And he’s fucking naked on the phone with his Wing Commander, which is some combination of unthinkable and obscene. But something, however unnecessary or immature it may be, is telling him to stay; he needs to watch the damn words leave his mouth.
Interviewer, carefully, as if she’s memorized what to say: “John, we – well, as you know, this is our last week filming with you all.”
Holmes: “Fine, you’re forgiven, all that drivel. To answer your question, I feel as though I was hit by a truck on a motorway seven days ago, rather than trapped in some ice, and everyone has offered to make me my tea this week, endless babbling, but I’ve refused nearly all offers because none of them know how to make it properly and it tastes like a cup of fancy dirt water. And both Greg
Sherlock feels his legs moving before he even realizes he’s doing it, striding off across the rocky tide pools and leaving John Watson as far behind as he can get. He calls back over his shoulder.
I trudge across the creaking wood planks of the pier, hugging my coat tighter around myself as the ocean spray splatters against my glasses, leaving me blind. Make my way quickly back towards the sand, down along the shore and towards the winding, oceanside road that just last week I had soared down on the back of a roaring motorbike, clutching my hands around a warm, hard waist.
“Thought maybe you were going to compete in the grandma Olympics instead. See how long you can sit on your ass.”
I look down in the sunlight at the fresh, young skin of my hands. Take two steps forward on my legs.
He’s silent, but I can feel the air changing. Shifting and softening until it’s lost some of its prickly spark, mellowing into a hush between our bodies where we stand still staring out at the waves.
John laughs and strokes his thumb across Sherlock’s cheek. “You fucking liar. ‘Lucky guess’ my arse. You looked up that I’d gone six kilometers on your bloody phone.”
“I wouldn’t say I wasted it,” John had said, glancing down at the slowly forming picture like a ghost emerging from the black, watching as the fog cleared to reveal Sherlock’s judgmental eyes with a perfect ringlet draped across his forehead.
“Seriously, you’re about to surf down the most fucking dangerous waves on earth and you were more nervous about sitting on your ass and watching me. You’re insane.”
I held it in my palms like it would break if I moved too quickly. Like it could shatter. But then he kissed me, harder than he had yet all morning, all gasping and deep and rolling across my mouth, drinking me in, filling me with himself.
It is unclear, from their reactions, if we have just witnessed the same way any routine safety check would have happened, with any other members of the team.
Greg looks up, completely unaware of how many minutes have passed, hating himself that he spent even a single second on his phone instead of glued to the course, when Sherlock says his name again in a wet voice.
And then he sees it. There’s a deep bruise sucked into the skin of John’s neck, a fresh one that looks like it’s from the night before, when Greg had been asleep.
But everything feels different now. Sherlock can’t even believe those actions happened between him and the man in front of him. John is different. And he is different. And this is the first time – the first of innumerable times. And Sherlock trusts John’s promise more than he trusts that the tide will push the waves in to shore day after day after day.
John wants to punch himself in the face. He holds his ground, feeling wild and desperate. Unleashed. “Well what else am I supposed to believe when you ask what you can do for me to somehow goad me into staying?”
John moans breathless as Sherlock shoves his cheeks back against the skin of John’s buttocks and sucks his lips around his hole, running his thumbs hard up the backs of John’s thighs. He feels dizzy with want, feeling Sherlock’s mouth suck and hum and lick open his hole while remembering the ghosts of Sherlock’s body from last night on his skin. John swallows hard and pushes harder against the wall, speaking low and trying not to cry out.
In the end it was impressively efficient how little time it took his father to pack up his entire life for him and leave it out in a trash bag on the doorstep, with a few yelled parting words and a shocked and embarrassed snicker coming from his little brother half-crouching at the top of the stairs. It was even more surprising to hear the sound of bare feet running after him down the sidewalk three minutes later. To turn and see his father’s wife Lahela with tears in her eyes begging him to let her know he was alright. To not disappear forever. To not turn his back on the Lord.
Then there’d been Greg’s warm hand on his shoulder, those familiar brown eyes. He’d nodded once at John right before they walked away to catch the van. And even though John hadn’t even opened his mouth to say “I’m proud of you both” or “good luck,” he’d known that in the silence, the two of them had still understood.
Part of me wants to find some quiet little nook to escape to in this sprawling, gnarled city. Hunker down in a soft, silent corner with a book I haven’t read in decades and let my mind just get used to it all. To this place. But I’m still standing frozen by the door to the club, and the music keeps blaring through the crack like thick wind blowing through a gap in splintered wood. It booms in the blood in my veins, choked and muffled through the door, and it makes me feel alone in a city I know is filled with people – filled to bursting with others like me. And so I take a deep breath and push open the metal door, flinching as a blast of sound and heat and sweat explodes against my face with a slap.
Greg sighs, looking pointedly away from Sherlock’s glare. He tries to keep his voice calm, matter of fact. “For when he goes against what I have told him is dangerous. I have told him that the fifth gate needs an easy angle to make it. A wide curve. He went for sharp.”
“Shut it. I don’t want to hear it,” he hisses. Johnny takes a step back from him and runs a hand through his hair. He looks out at the crashing waves and breathes slow and deep. Sherlock wishes he knew what he was looking at – what he was really seeing out in the moonlit sea.
John flinches and rubs the back of his neck. He speaks down softly at his board. “That obvious, huh?”
But then he watches Sherlock walk with his board towards the waves, the crowd gathering closer to watch and cheer them on. Sherlock turns back and looks over his shoulder, giving John a wave, and then he’s running out into the thrashing sea, not looking back.
I don’t mean that. I don’t mean it at all. But my lips push the words out of my mouth anyways. He looks back at me slowly, and his eyes are cold, hurt.
“Of course you wanted this! You can't honestly tell me you'd be happy watching from the sidelines. This is your dream –”
“Junior, Francine, this here’s Scott. Scott, the girls,” I say. My voice sounds like somebody else’s. I nearly stutter on the word Scott.
I see him as everything. The entire sun illuminating the earth. But everyone else will just see the full curve underneath his shirt combined with his distinctly male face.
She pats my bad knee and rises to her feet, leaning over to adjust the wall of pillows behind my back. “Just make sure you wear something warm,” she says – something she would never think to say to the twenty-five-year-old me I’m about to become in Time. Something she thinks she needs to say to the eighty-five-year-old me now.
Patrick: “You call what the two of you do ‘working together’? I have seen rival male ibex get along better than the two of you.”
He blindly walks towards where there appear to be massive lines for the restrooms, even though he now realizes he doesn’t actually have to go. But then his phone buzzes in his pocket, making him nearly jump out of his skin.
“Of course. But only if your rule of the day is ‘don’t be tedious and stand there for ten minutes wasting time debating whether or not to take your jacket off’.”
And now that same body is physically pressing him down into the mattress with power and weight, groaning into his ear, clutching hard onto Greg’s shoulders and back as if Greg hasn’t grown softer over the last four years, as if he’s still just as strong as he was the last time he stepped down off a podium, or the first time John Watson ever lay down and had sex with him in a real bed. As if he’s worth being
“I can’t seem to shake the habit of wanting to fight with you every moment,” Johnny finally says to the sky. The truth of the statement pings Sherlock deep in his gut, but he forces himself to huff out a sharp laugh.
It’s the reason for this horrendous house arrest he’s essentially been placed under. Up through most of last month he could still get by out in public as long as he wore a jumper with his coat buttoned up over it. It was still the tail end of winter, and so nobody looked twice at a man dressed in multiple layers even indoors. Even Lestrade and his team didn’t even really bat an eye – Lord knows Sherlock’s worn weirder things when in disguise or in the middle of some social experiment or another. But now the weather’s changed, and his belly has changed from looking overweight after a huge dinner to a tight round bump hanging low over the waistband of his pajamas, weaving stretch marks into his beautiful pale skin and sticking out from beneath the bottom of his old t-shirts.
She’d smiled, standing there in her black lace dress, barefoot with her high heels left by the door. “
John looks down to Walter next to him. His hand subconsciously goes to his phone in his pocket, which he hasn’t really checked since entering the locker room when he saw that he had a text from James Sholto, and his stomach did an odd flip at the thought of reading it.
As a random aside, in the very earliest outline of this fic, I had Greg and Sherlock meeting each other in a gay French club, probably dancing/grinding to a Stromae
And now, after spending a few weeks kipping in towns and running through the pocketful of cash I’d grabbed from the secret slat in the old family barn, I’m racing down the vein of road that leads to the blood soaked sun hanging full in the distance. I hear there’s sheep herdin’ jobs for the summer along the Bighorn mountain range that pierces the dripping sky in front of me like nails, and I’m fixing to get me anything that means a place to sleep and a can of beans to eat and the thick silence that comes after hearin’ two years of screaming.
She smiles, and her mouth trembles at the corners. She holds out her hands, fingers shaking. “Can I see you?” she asks.
Sherlock presses his face hard against John’s ass, fucks his tongue deeper into John than he ever has, flicks the tip against the sensitive skin inside him, and
“Come on,” Sherlock says, turning back towards the punishing waves. “Watch with me. And then you can pretend to be in charge and force me to eat or stretch or some shit. Feel useful.”
Endless, eternal minutes seem to pass as he watches himself hold Holmes in the tiny room, as he hears his words from a few weeks ago, his anguish, Holmes’ reassurance. The camera half-hidden behind the doorway wall.
We follow the hands doing CPR up the arms of the rescuer, and eventually reveal that it is John Watson, bent over on his knees and using the full force of his body as he thrusts. Multiple beads of thick sweat drip down his nose and forehead as he counts under his breath. Just behind him, Dom stares down at the patient’s off-screen chest with the most serious expression we have ever seen on his face.
But before Greg can find the oxygen to say anything back, to tell John that he would rip down the whole sky with his bare hands if John ends up embarrassing himself, so everything will be covered in darkness forever, and so no one will have to see, John’s palm presses over his mouth. He begs Greg with just the heat in his eyes to lick the skin, to cover his hand with the wetness from his tongue.
Greg’s voice, in French: “John, I’m losing visibility. If I don’t come get you now, I might not be able to again for longer than you’d want.”
It suddenly seems absolutely impossible that Afghanistan and helicopters and prosthetic legs can even
Sherlock turns to look at him, face open and clear. “A year from now, a year from today, unless you’ve gone back to absolutely hating my guts, then marry me.”
Sherlock realizes he’s standing next to the Jeep smiling like a goddamn loony. He brings his fist in front of his mouth and coughs before pulling his shades back on and grabbing his bag. It’s time. He slicks back his curls and takes a deep breath, reminding himself what it feels like to be Scotty Holmes, and then he quickly makes his way down to the shore, already starting to receive shocked stares the closer he gets to the beach.
But I think I can confidently write here, in the safety of this journal, that I don’t think he’s ever been hotter, ever been more of a sexy, irresistible man than when he fully embraced the newness of his body that night, and took all of his pleasure from the changes in his skin. Even since that night he’s grown, and it makes me sad to think that it might not be possible to do that again any time soon. But I’ll cherish this trip forever. It wasn’t lost on me at all that most people on the planet don’t have a Mycroft Holmes to magically whisk them away to a private villa in Spain – that if Sherlock had any other last name we would just be two guys totally alone in getting through this, without any respite or recourse to turn to when the world rejects our family. Christ, I’m a fucking lucky man.
