“Good.” And with a look down Dean’s legs Castiel was gone.
“Cas can you wait outside, please?” he looked at him but Cas didn’t say anything and just left.
The house where the victim was had tape ‘CRIME SCENE DO NOT CROSS’ all around it. Everyone that was there was busy with something. Some police officers had their notebooks out and were taking notes, some of them were taking pictures of everything they found suspicious. Dean looked around and something, more specifically someone, caught his eye. Agent Novak. What was it about that man that make Dean feel the way he feels right now? When Dean saw him he felt his heart quickened for a second and then normalized its speed again. He felt the urge to lick his lips and tuck at his sleeve. The fact that this man had that effect on him was scaring Dean a little bit. Yes he was attractive but he was a bit weird. He didn’t share much and he was mysterious. The kind of mysterious you don’t want to fuck around with. But maybe that’s what dragged Dean more towards him?
Castiel said his goodbyes with Benny as well and it was just him and Dean now. Castiel was sipping his tea when Dean remembered he had promised him something. Okay maybe not promised, but he said he’d do it.
“What can I help you with, gentlemen?” she looked really welcoming and had a huge smile on her face. Her eyes traced up and down Dean’s body then fixated on the badge on his belt.
can you hurry up to the department?
Dean swallowed slow never leaving his eyes, Cas watching his throat. “On your bed with your cock deep inside me.”
“Alright Benny, thank you.” Dean nodded and Benny left the room, leaving his chief alone with his thoughts. It was hard to process all this. The new information about the case, the FB-fucking-I. Dean hated working with people outside of his own department. And now he had to share every bit of information he got with the them. He opened up the old case file to check some stuff again. The two cases were very similar but also very different in their own way. But it does make it a hell of a lot easier to navigate through evidence. At least they have an idea of what they are looking for even if it’s not 100% it.
Cas… holy shit that feels so good.” Dean was practically screaming right now, trying to move his hips down so he could get more of that cock.
There was a knock on the door before Dean could say anything back.
“Acid. My… - whatever.” He sounded upset but at the same time mad, letting out uneven breaths.
“Hey chief.” Daniel passed behind him.
Cas seemed to have noticed him standing there, as he closed his sketchbook and stood up from the bench, grabbing two cups of coffee that were apparently sitting next to him.
Castiel nodded and took a sip out of his drink. “How old is he?”
“Uh, nothing really. Just some doodles.”
Cas let out a breath through his nose and smirked slightly. “Thank you, Dean.”
“We have our reasons. You don’t need to worry about that.” He looked angry but at the same time the way he talked was different. “We just want the case solved as much as you do.”
was what Dean wanted to say but settled on ‘Fair point’ instead.
Cas drew in a long breath and looked out the window again. “No.”
“Son of a bitch.” He breathed heavily and sighed in frustration. He took off his jacket and looked around the kitchen. He saw some syringes on the counter and figured this was just a drug hideout.
The woman was looking down at the phone, her eyes darting over the screen and what could possibly be the last sighting of her husband. It has already been over 48 hours of him missing which meant time for gathering information was running out and they soon had to look on this as a homicide.
case.” Dean looked at him kind of shocked. The voice that came out of that man was not expected. It was so deep Dean felt like he could get lost in it. He licked his lips and stood up to shake the agent’s hand.
He freed Dean’s hands from the wall and they immediately started undoing Castiel’s belt. Cas stopped kissing his neck and started walking them both towards his bedroom. Once the door was slammed behind them Cas’ hands were under Dean’s shirt grabbing everywhere they could. He stripped him out of it while Dean was getting rid of Cas’ jeans. Castiel broke the touch to take off his own shirt, which only left him in his boxers. Dean was standing at the end of the bed admiring the view, smirking like the little fucker he was.
“What? No, I-I’m sorry.”
“I uh… lost my parents when I was 19.” he was looking down at his whiskey and playing with the glass. “Shot. In their own fucking home.” he felt his eyes starting to fill up with water. He took his glass “They never found the killer.” and took a sip out of it.
Cas left out a chuckle. “So you don’t have any other hobbies?”
“Will you put the one of me up here?” Dean nodded his head towards them. “I think I’d look pretty good.” Cas started walking towards him to admire his work as well.
“It’s nice.” Cas slowly sat on the couch, as Dean invited him to. “I like all the white.”
Castiel didn’t want to interrupt him so he didn’t say anything.
“What do u got Charlie?” Dean asked and looked down to see if he had a cut mark on his neck. And he did. He felt Cas looking away like he was about to throw up but didn’t say anything.
“Recently… we were fighting a lot, yeah.” She frowned up at them. “You – don’t think that I - .”
“How about we clean this shit up and watch a movie? If we don’t fall asleep before that.” And at those words Castiel pretty much died. There was no way he is ever letting this man walk out of his life.
Dean nodded and he could feel the strong gaze of Cas on him which made the hairs on the back of his neck stand up. He quickly scrubbed the rest of the dried blood and took the alcohol rag from his desk.
“Uh, yeah. I could definitely use a drunk right now.” him and Sam shared a smile but suddenly Dean’s phone rang. He picked it up.
It was 6PM when they both decided to call it a day and head on home. Dean went by to Jody to drop off the footage from the shop as well and said his goodbye with his colleagues.
are hungry,” He licked his lips, eyes tracing Dean’s. “but I had something else in mind.”
Dean’s thumb was brushing over Cas’ name in his contacts. The time on his phone read 2:43AM and Dean couldn’t fall asleep. He was snuggled up under his covers, thoughts occupied with the devastatingly handsome agent. He still hadn’t told Cas about his dream but he couldn’t stop thinking about it. He had some sort of a bad feeling in the pit of his stomach and he didn’t know if it was just a false alarm like all the others or – it was probably false alarm and he was just trying to find excuses. He bit his lower lip and clenched his eyebrows together, hitting the message icon next to Cas’ name.
Dean took it off of his hands, his knuckles all shades of purple and yellow.
“Chief of police, I’m listening.” he narrowed his eyes and so did Sam.
Cas saw him looking and when he looked away again he had this slight smirk on his face that made Dean’s palms sweat. Or was he just imagining it? He had never seen the guy smile before and this wasn’t even a smile he just had the corner of his lips up a little bit.
“How about we go check if the others have found anything?” Castiel asked and put his notebook back in his pocket.
Dean put the guitar down on the couch and chuckled. “Thank you, Cas.”
Dean’s eyes were wide, gaze focused on the man’s neck. 13 years old? That was way too young to get a scar like that. He didn’t know what to say – or – he didn’t want to say anything. I mean what do you say to that? I’m sorry? That would be way less than enough. He let Cas breathe it out, he didn’t want to interrupt him in any way or cause him uncomfortableness. He was grateful Cas trusted him enough to share this with him.
“I assume no other evidences around?”
After a couple of seconds of daydreaming, Dean resumed his search for whatever he was looking for in the opposite direction of the
Dean was breathless. He needed more and he needed it now. “
He ordered his usual, whiskey with extra ice, at Jimmy’s bar. The place always had a lot of people as it was one of the best bars in Dean’s neighborhood. He was about to take a sip from his drink when he saw a woman settling on the bar seat next to him.
When Castiel finally did look at him his eyes were the bluest to ever blue, gaze soft and apologizing. Dean took this opportunity to reach out and take Cas’ injured arm from the hit into his own.
“I’m sorry too, Cas.”
“Wait, a bar? What are you guys on about?”
He parked his impala on the usual place. It was nice being the chief because no one else dared to park where he parks so his favorite spot was always free. Plus he had warned everybody not to touch his car because he absolutely loved it and if anything happened to her he wouldn’t survive it. I mean how can he not love it? The color, the sound of the engine, the nice leather seats, the way his classic rock music sounded from the speaker. Not to forget the most important part that it was a gift from his dad. His dad’s first car and later on Dean’s first. So yes he had the right to be really mad if someone touched her.
Cas thought about it for a second. “Ah… 10 years.”
With that Cas looked down and smiled softly. Now that was a smile. Even if it was for a brief moment, Dean saw it. And he felt this joy rush through him, he was happy that he made Cas smile. He smiled softly as well and looked at Castiel’s lips.
“Damn, Benny… I gotta admit that is a lot. I mean it puts a totally different perspective on the case.” Dean took the folder to see for himself and check it later as well. “Mind if I hold on to that?”
Cas’ fingers tightened around his beer bottle, eyes looking down, almost embarrassed. “I- I didn’t mean to, Dean. I-…”
And Dean did. He came all over his stomach, screaming Cas’ name. Hands clutching each of Castiel’s shoulders. He was breathless, dick twitching from the lack of touch but he was coming so much, it was the best orgasm he’s ever had. Cas suddenly pulled out of him, removed his condom and started coming all over Dean’s stomach as well. His come mixing with Dean’s and if Dean didn’t just come he was sure his dick would be just as hard again. It was such a pretty sight, Castiel on top of him, his long fingers around his cock, pumping out his come all over Dean.
“I usually don’t really… write. But thank you, Dean.” his voice sounded low and sweet, making Dean want to reach across the table and just kiss the man already. Instead he licked his own lips and started turning pages again. He stopped when he saw a portrait of Cas. A ¾ view of his face, eyes looking to the side. It was made with charcoal, as all of his other stuff, and it was just perfect. The way he shaded his hair, the blue from his eyes missing but still having that light in them. This man really was talented. He was looking at it for a few seconds when he realized there was something missing about it. Cas’ scar wasn’t there. Does he dare ask him? Maybe this was before he got it. But he said it wasn’t recent. He wanted to ask him so bad but he also didn’t-
Aqua was already shaking her head halfway through his question. “One.”
. “Do you understand what I’m telling you?”
Aqua laughed again. She really did like Sam.
“To- kill us?” he said uncertainly.
Eh, she was probably safe. Hell certainly wouldn’t care about a lackey getting himself killed, and Heaven is has made a deal to let Hell take care of their end of things.
Ellen grimaced. “They’re pagan demi-gods. I ran into one once. Tough son-of-a-bitch. I had to fight nearly a dozen conjured minions before I managed to stake him.”
Sam frowned. “What’s a trickster?” he asked.
Loki, but he hadn’t exactly been around often enough to protest).
She’d gotten there fast enough that the first victim she could feel wasn’t even showing symptoms. From her position resting just outside of the visible plane, she took a very careful scan of the town, searching for anyone watching who had enough connection to the Apocalypse plan to merit a closer look.
So no. Her main concern at this point in time was Croatoan. Aqua knew that Hell would be testing it out soon, so when something vaguely
Her apology only surprised them more, and Aqua took the opportunity to take her leave. She tossed back the rest of the whiskey, the glass finally ceasing to refill itself. “Thank you for the whiskey, Ellen," she said, then gracefully dismounted from the barstool and strode toward the door, calling over her shoulder, “Catch you later, boys.”
Sam frowned. “Like per pantheon?”
Dean looked doubtful. “What if he doesn’t want to be on 'our side'? And how do you even know we’ll meet him?”
Aqua smiled at her comfortingly. “That’s the thing with the Trickster. He doesn’t kill anyone who doesn’t deserve it, and you’re a good woman, Ellen Harvelle. I wouldn’t be surprised if he just flat out liked you, too. I know I do.”
Sam lowered his gun slowly, though he didn’t put it away, or look particularly happy. Aqua swirled her glass thoughtfully as she took in the protective gesture Dean made when he realized what Sam was doing. The other three humans were shooting glances at the brothers while keeping guns trained on Aqua, but Tall and Taller were lost in a silent conversation.
“Like the Greek Goddess?”
Then, she broke her inhuman stillness to turn back to grab her glass. At the same time, all of her power hid itself from mortal senses so abruptly Dean nearly stumbled while standing still. The others all blinked several times and readjusted warily.
After giving them a few seconds, Aqua continued. “But back to the point. When you meet the Trickster - and you will meet the Trickster, I guarantee it - I want you to give him a message from me. I want you to tell him that I’m in the game. He’ll know what I mean. And I want you to tell him that I’m on your side… and his.”
Aqua plowed on before anyone got it in their heads to interrupt. “Luckily for you,” she said with genuine amusement, “I have no intention of killing you.”
Sam picked up the conversation. “So what did you come to talk about?”
Aqua idly thought about how Ellen had been nicer when she had served the drink. Still, it was understandable that she would be distrustful now.
Aquilarah sipped delicately from a glass of whiskey and watched the Winchesters and Harvelles and as they discussed the Yellow-Eyed Demon. She carefully watched for a moment to jump into the conversation.
“No ‘like’ about it, sweetheart,” she said. Then, she turned to face the group. “Now, unless you want to waste bullets, I suggest you put the guns away. I’m only here to talk.”
Sam and Dean exchanged looks, but they nodded.
“Of course I do. His name is Azazel, by the way. He is one of the four princes of hell, and as the only one remaining in hell, also the current regent.” Aqua saw Dean go to interrupt her, but she just kept talking in a slightly more pointed tone. “Which means, that he has every demon in hell at his beck and call.”
“He did what?!” Dean shouted. Then he ran a hand through his hair with a desperate look on his face. “Ok, ok, what does that mean, what’ll it do to Sam?”
Dean swatted his brother and growled. Then, as if he thought lowering his voice would stop Aqua from hearing, he hissed
He took it in, eyebrows rising even more. “She just responded to me. To what I just said… out loud. Wait, am I still praying?”
There was cursing from the hunters. Sam seemed to be the most willing to entertain a conversation. At least, that’s what Aqua gathered when he started talking.
That settled, she made her way over to patient zero, still hiding herself from earthly eyes. It took her a matter of moments to memorize how the disease felt to her and then burn it out of the man. Aqua made sure that he was unaware of her actions and then put the town and the virus in her metaphorical rearview mirror.
“Hecate,” Aqua said simply.
The psychics weren’t her main concern. After all, from what she could see of possible futures, she was pretty sure Azazel’s whole scheme was going to go off the rails. And cost Sam his life. And Dean his soul in turn. Which she was going to let happen. (Damn it).
Dean looked up at him but Cas was looking out of the window and into the foggy night. Dean didn’t know what to say to that - or he did - but he didn’t know if it was the right thing to say. He liked Cas’ scar. He thought it suit him, his character. He didn’t know the story behind it and he was sure the story wasn’t pretty but that doesn’t mean Cas wasn’t as well.
Castiel’s eyes warned off to Dean’s lips instead, a slight smirk appearing on the man’s own lips.
Dean smiled at him “For sure. Night, Benny.”
Dean was now between Cas’ legs, his breaths quickening with every slight movement he made. Cas finally,
“What about you, Dean?”
Bela held his gaze until Dean looked down at his drink. She looked annoyed by the fact that she just got rejected and if the way she smacked her glass on the bar was any indication, yes she was angry. Whatever, she was pretty enough to seduce someone else but Dean wasn’t it tonight. He had a few more drinks, enough so that he could still drive, and headed home.
“Drawing, mostly. But I do enjoy writing as well, yes.” his voice was low and raspy.
Castiel looked like he was lost in his thoughts and didn’t even hear him. Dean looked down at his arms and narrowed his eyes when he saw Cas had his right thumb over his already bruised palm, forcing down on it.
Dean looked him up and down, eyes seeking every inch of Cas’ sweaty body, until they fixated on his eyes. “I’m… fine.”
Dean focused his vision on the road to think. He did enjoy playing the guitar, although he wouldn’t really call that a hobby. He just loved the sound of it, the melody, the different chords and how he combined them to his amusement. He loved grabbing his guitar after a hard day at work, rain pouring outside and just strumming along.
“Sup Dan.” Dean looked above his shoulder and greeted him back.
Dean looked over at the clock “Uh…” he felt like he needed a bit of a break today anyway since he had been looking at these files non stop for the past week and he needed to fresh his mind out. “Sure.”
He shook his head. “Uh, not really. It’s just kind of what I do on my own and I don’t think people would be really interested in my personal… hobbies.”
“Just shoot.”
It was a beautiful Sunday morning, the sun gleaming through Cas’ blinds. He lived alone and his apartment wasn’t that big but he had everything he needed. He was browsing through his laptop when he got an email from Color Your Dreams, the club he was taking part in. He squinted his eyes, brought his coffee cup to his lips and started reading.
“You get along well?” Cas asked and started shaking his leg.
“Hey, I know, okay. No need to justify it.” Dean managed to say before Cas even finished his sentence. “That guy was a total asshole.”
“You enjoy writing?”
Dean was being drawn in more and more towards Cas’ art. There was just something about them. Something unique, different… Dean hadn’t seen anything like them before. And no he wasn’t overexaggerating. It just wakened a feeling in Dean no artist he’d seen before did. He turned the next page and there was a poem written on it this time.
“You uh, when do you finish?”
“How bold of me to assume. Apologies.”
“That was beautiful, Dean. I loved it.”
Dean smiled and took his glass again. “Yeah… Sammy.”
“Hey, let me change that for you.”
Sam chuckled and took his cup of tea. “Well that’s good, right?” he took a sip of it.
As he was filling his cup he saw Castiel walking up to his office. He quickly grabbed his coffee and caught up to him. When he got in front of him he saw his left palm had a bandage around it. He had these dark circles under his eyes and it looked like he hadn’t slept all night.
“Sir, we just got a report for a dead body at Westwood Park.”
“Yeah, I just…” Cas closed his eyes and drew in a long breath. “Need a rest.”
For the first hour Castiel wasn’t too keen on drawing. He was too distracted by the looks Dean gave him, by the way his tongue drew out to wet his lips. The people next to him were pretty ahead already and were doing a pretty good job. He had to get in the zone if he wanted to finish this piece. And he did want to. He wanted it to be perfect. He wanted Dean to think it’s perfect. He wasn’t going to forgive himself if he fucked up this drawing. Just not this one. He rubbed the back of his neck, took his charcoal pencil and started drawing.
He looked different than earlier. Maybe the fact that Dean was hurt had an impact on him, maybe he was genuinely worried about him. Or maybe Dean’s mind was just playing tricks on him. He scoffed.
Dean was already drinking his morning coffee in the office. The sun through his blinds peeked in slightly, making his hair look golden from the front. He was checking all the local stores you can buy cotton from on his computer. That’s what his aim was for today. Go to every single one and find out if someone bought an unexpectedly amount of cotton in the recent week. Oh and also check the victim’s address. At least they had one now. There is no way the killer just forgot to take his ID out of the pocket so there must be something in there worth taking a look at. Dean took his cup of coffee but saw it was already empty. He was nowhere near satisfied so he got up to take another one from the main office.
“Are you sure? You seemed pretty out of it.”
“Sure.” replied Dean while rolling up his flannel sleeves. “Kind of hungry anyway.”
“Uh… rough. I mean… not too much but a little too much for my liking. Metal is a bit too sharp.” Dean made sure to drop his voice on
This whole thing was making Cas’ breaths uneven yet again, his dick hard and he couldn’t last much longer. He needed to think quickly or he was going to bend Dean over and fuck him right here on the desk up front.
“Wait, wait, wait. Go back a little bit.” to which Dean leaned forward and propped himself on the desk.
“What do you want, Dean? Tell me what you want.”
“When was the last time you saw him?” asked Dean.
Cas looked like he had some tears in his own eyes but he never took his gaze off of Dean.
The fact that there hadn’t been a body yet didn’t mean anything. Maybe there was but no one has found it yet. Or maybe the killer was taking his sweet time. They had no idea how the guy ‘worked’, how he was going about his victim, they didn’t know his thought process and what action came after the previous one.
He kept swallowing until Cas’ whole dick filled his mouth. He wanted to hold still as long as he could, just taking the whole length and heaviness of it. Cas tilted his head backwards, tightening his grip on Dean’s hair. Dean made sure to trace his tongue up and down as he was bopping his head. He’d been told he gives pretty good head and judging by Castiel’s reactions he agreed.
He was picking up what watercolors to get when he felt heavy eyes on him. He glanced over his right shoulder only to see the new guy checking him up and down. Cas swallowed slowly not taking his eyes off of the man. He felt tense, his breath quickened. He could feel the blood running through his veins. Suddenly his view was blocked by a woman. Cas clenched his jaw, quickly grabbed what he needed and took his place on the queue. Once it was his turn, he placed his things on the desk and drew in a long breath.
She seemed really unbothered by the fact that he was actually missing. She kept eyeing Dean which he didn’t fight since his mind was focused on a totally different person. And women flirting with him wasn’t an uncommon thing so he just got used to not paying attention to it. Plus sometimes it was helpful.
He heard Castiel stood up and watched him as he approached the chair.
Dean wanted more though. He wanted and needed more. He needed to feel Castiel’ cock inside him. Cas steadied his hand on Dean’s dick, sliding his thumb over the slit.
Dean turned to Cas with an amused smirk across his face, lifting his eyebrows. Cas looked back at him, letting out a breath and ready to roll his eyes.
“Understand?”
A missing person meant a possible next victim. Which they needed to prevent that as best as they can. Or at least catch the killer midway and cut his aim. Dean bit his lips and let out a long breath. Him and Cas needed to get on that as fast as possible but first Dean needed his daily drug again he couldn’t function without. Coffee.
Or so he thought.
“Hey, Cas.” when Cas shifted his attention to him he continued. “Can I have a look at your notebook?”
Dean felt Cas’ pain through his voice and through his expression. He could tell Cas has been through some stuff as well even if he didn’t want to share them with Dean yet. Maybe that’s why he was so distant at the beginning. Maybe he is still getting over something, just like Dean. He understood him and he felt warmness from him which was part of the reason he just told him about his parents. When he was younger his mind would always take him back at that place. The memory of what it once was and what he will never have again. He felt how he was dragging himself more and more in the though so he shook out of it and took another sip.
Dean could feel he tensed up. “Wait, are you okay? he almost couldn’t catch when Cas was already up and putting on his coat. He noticed he had one of his hands in a fist.
He grabbed his arm to see how bad he was bleeding. It wasn’t much but his whole palm was red, the blood from his wound starting to drip down his whole arm as well.
“Fuck, you are so responsive,” He started sucking the spot on Dean’s neck, just below his ear which made him whimper in response. “I love that.”
“Thank you.” he brushed his fingers over Cas’ and looked him in his eyes. “Have a nice day, sir.” he said with a low raspy voice and a playful smile. It was Cas this time that licked his lips and returned the greetings.
The coffee they had in the department was one of the best coffees Dean has ever tried. Everytime he bought coffee from somewhere else he regretted it because it could never top the one they have. He hated to admit it to himself but he was kind of an addict for that thing. But can anyone blame him? His job required him to be awake even when he was asleep. He grabbed two paper cups, filled them up and headed outside.
“That’s right, sir.” Tommy replied.
“Hey, Cas I know you are tired but how about we go for a drink, release some tension from…” he looked around and gestured with his hands “all of this.” He let out a long breath and put his hands in the pockets of his jeans.
“Wait… alone?” Benny pointed the list. “All these?”
Castiel was buried so deep into finishing his piece that he didn’t hear the bell that indicated the session had finished. Everyone started packing up and Rowena was telling everyone her best wishes and promised to do this again, since everyone seemed to enjoy it. Cas lifted his gaze up from his canvas to search for Dean but he was nowhere to be seen. He figured he just left so he started packing up as well. Once he was done everyone else seemed to be gone already until he heard someone walk in through the door and he turned around to see the guy that made his heart sink, fully clothed this time.
After a few minutes he felt a tight bandage wrap around his cut. Castiel got up and smiled slightly down at him.
Cas didn’t respond at first, so Dean called out his name again, softer this time. His hand finally gripping the side of the agents left arm. Cas seemed to relax under Dean’s touch, calming down and his shaking coming to a more relaxed pace.
“Cas please I-I can’t.” Dean managed to say in between breaths “I need you to fuck me. Please…” And as much as Castiel loved hearing Dean beg he couldn’t wait to have his cock buried in him as well.
He nodded slowly, never leaving Castiels’ eyes. “Was it… recent?”
Dean felt shy for a second and he didn’t even know why. “I wouldn’t really… call it singing.”
Dean felt like he was being handed something sacred, holy. The covers were brown, made of leather and really soft to the touch. He turned the first page and there was a beautiful drawing of a man looking down, with wings. It was made with a charcoal pencil, the shading of it fit perfectly the style Cas had.
“Alice in Wonderland?” he said and smiled slightly.
“It’s okay, just calm down. Breathe.” Dean took a deep breath himself, showing Cas to do the same. His hands working over Cas’ one with the tissue. “That’s it. Just look at me.”
If that was not a sight Dean loved. He had Castiel on his bed, messy hair, eyes hungry. Shirt undone but still on, a dick in his right hand, stroking up and down as he was eyeing Dean like he was the most gorgeous thing on earth.
“Wow.” was all Dean managed to say and this was just the first page.
Castiel’s breaths eventually became slower and steadier, his eyes never leaving Dean’s. They way Dean was taking care of him felt kind of intimate and he almost forgot they were in the middle of the bar with people staring at them. He didn’t even care though and he didn’t even want to do his job right now. He just wanted to stay like this, Cas’ hand in his own, their eyes locked on each other.
“Harder, please I’m – I’m so close.” Dean managed to say in between breaths, his dick leaking precome on his stomach and he hadn’t even touched himself. Castiel’s dick was the only thing giving him pleasure but it was also so much more than just that. The way Castiel was slamming into him, bed moving under them. The pleased huffs and moans he made, it was more than enough for Dean to come without touching himself. And he wanted to. He wanted to, for Cas.
Novak took the two folders and licked his lips. “Thank you.” He looked around like he was examining Dean’s office. “If you find something else, give me a call please.”
A young, red haired woman was behind the bar.
“A senior huh.”
Castiel’s fingers were suddenly gone, making Dean sigh at the looseness. Cas opened up the condom and quickly put it on, ready to push inside Dean. He slowly started pushing, Dean’s legs hung around Cas’ hips, nails digging into his back.
Dean narrowed his eyes and looked back at the ID card. “Yeah.”
“W-what’s that?”
Was that? It couldn’t be… It was the guy from the store! He was aware that Rowena was talking but all he could focus on was that man. How? How was he going to survive this?
The compliment made Cas chuckle, which made Dean’s smile even bigger. Cas knew Dean wouldn’t mind him coming on him, but it was really nice that he apologized because not everyone would even think to do that. Especially after
“You said your husband visited the bar with friends but this footage showed us something else.” Cas explained and as he pulled out his phone out of his pocket to show a snip of the footage his whole body moved, making his knee brush over Dean’s which totally didn’t make his heart flutter.
He took the case file and handed it to Castiel.
The night was foggy, the slight cold breeze dancing around Dean’s skin. The bright street lights were giving the atmosphere the look of a fairytale. The people walking around, families with kids, couples, people walking their dogs. Sometimes Dean hated the big city but at times like these, when it was so beautiful, he loved it.
Dean let out a shaky breath, completely not noticing he was holding in one. He knew better than to be a brat but Castiel wasn’t his actual Dom and he didn’t have to behave… although he really, really wanted to, he wanted to play a little too. Maybe he will score better.
The moment he sat on his chair desk he knew this was going to be a long day. He pinched the bridge of his nose and opened up the case file. Before he could go through it again, he needed some protein in his body so he opened his sandwich and took a bite.
He knew they had to get the job done though so when most of the blood was dry, he let go of Castiel’s hand.
“That doesn’t prove anything, Benny.” Dean replied, eyes focused on the disguised stranger on the footage. He had zoomed in on the man as far as he could but it still wasn’t enough, they still needed to send the footage to Jody, for her to up the quality and zoom percentage.
“I think I’m gonna… go home, it’s getting late.” He said and they both stood up and started walking through the hallway. “Thank you for the beers, though. And the concert.” he let out a chuckle.
Castiel had always been an artistic guy. Ever since he was a little kid, leaving little handprints of paint all over the walls. Even when his mom was mad at him, he couldn’t bring down this side of him. Despite the casual wall paintings his parents were really supportive of him. They had pretty much every piece he made hung up on their fridge.
“You okay, Dean?” Castiel asked as he laid on his elbow, looking at Dean. His other hand resting on Dean’s chest.
Fuck. He felt his heart pick up its pace again. He wanted to leave that room as soon as possible. He didn’t want to make Cas uncomfortable and definitely not with this.
Cas looked down and took his palm in his hand.
“Yeah I-… I’m sorry.” he fidgeted on his feet, eyes afraid to look up at Dean.
Anna shook her head. “There are a lot of people coming in and out, officer. I can’t account for every single one of them.”
, fuck I’m – I’m sorry… I – I didn’t even ask.”
He was mostly self-taught except the occasional art class the club he was in was organising. Cas loved attending those even though he was shy and couldn’t make much friends. Which doesn’t even matter, right? He was there to improve not to make friends. Plus he didn’t need any more than he already has.
There was no point replying to him so he just put on his uniform, grabbed the sandwich he had made himself the night before and headed to work.
Dean looked out the broken window and saw the many flashlights roaming around. He started nodding. “Sure.”
“Here are your drinks.” said the waitress and put them down on the table.
When he got to the place pretty much everyone he knew was already there so he took one of the free easels on the second row. A few people greeted him and smiled at him and he did the same. He respected everyone there, they were all really polite to him and they were all great artists as well. On the podium in front of them was a chair for the model they were going to draw today. As he was getting his supplies out of his backpack he heard Rowena enter the room. When he looked up his eyes went wide and he dropped his pencil.
“No, sir. This is as far as it gets.”
Dean felt relieved. He thought he was done for. He thought Cas would snap and get really angry at him. But he didn’t. Which was… weird? Good? Bad? Dean didn’t know what to make out of it yet. Does he ask more questions about it? Does he drop it here?
Did Dean just hear that correctly? Were his ears lying to him right now or was this actually real? Cas wanted to hear him play? He could get on board with that. He had played in front of his friends before, Charlie even suggested him to drop the police work and become a singer, or a rock star. Even though she said it jokingly, Dean couldn’t deny that his eyes sparkled at the idea. But that life wasn’t for him anyway. He wasn’t as drawn into playing and singing as he was into solving cases, piecing puzzles together.
“Oh. Right.” replied the agent as he was searching through his pockets. He pulled out his phone and they exchanged numbers. “Oh and you can call me Cas.” and with that Dean’s office door was closed.
Cas gave out a chuckle, tracing his eyes up and down Dean’s body “I’d blame the model.”
“We just saw the same man on the footage of the bar we were just in.”
Castiel took a sip of his bourbon and then asked “Why did you decide to become a police officer?”
No sermon has ever so fully described the god-like-good that lives here
The final approach to the lake house was like a balm to Cas's unsettled soul. Whatever specters of memory might lurk in the trees along the road, this bit of the drive was too beautiful to be overcome by fear.
A very familiar song.
Cas couldn’t help but grin. “I’ll let him know. But, spoiler: he’s going to be thrilled to host you.”
Sam deflated a bit, left standing in the middle of the living room looking lost and a little desperate. Hoping to help, Cas approached him.
Confused, Cas tilted his head. “A what? No.”
Even worse, he still is.
Miraculously, Dean doesn’t respond to this at all, except to take a big bite of his burger and start the movie back up. Very uncertain, Cas decides to write all of this off rather than thinking about it too hard. Perhaps Dean is just secure in his heterosexuality in such a way that he doesn’t mind a child implying he has a crush on a very masculine character. That is the only possibility Cas will entertain right now because he is not supposed to be thinking about it too hard.
“Only mostly?” Dean asked.
All in all, it was an excellent weekend. I had the pleasure of enjoying a variety of entertaining stories and stimulating conversation with three good friends and a handsome man who paid me far more attention than I’m used to. And, Archangel, I rather think I kept up with him! I managed to not incessantly splutter or blush or make an ass of myself, and I’m quite proud of myself. Not only am I looking forward to penning characters the beautiful Balthazar has already begun to inspire, I’m fairly certain I can look forward to hearing from the man himself sometime soon. Look at me go, Archangel! Using exclamation points without irony! There might be hope for me yet as a standard citizen of the world.
However— and, Archangel, please understand how grateful I truly am for everything you are— I do not feel I can accept your offer of continued sponsorship next year.
Ellen, ever the foiler of childlike sympathy scams, smacked Dean upside the head. Hard.
“You know, that explains a lot,” Dean replies, playing along. “I was wondering why there were so few people at the hardware store this morning.”
“So, I’m asking you. Not to stroke your ego or anything, and not to negate the wonderful choice you made today. Just, if there’s any way to get him out of that shitty place, to free him like we’re free now, to let him have at least that much. Let him retire back to heaven or whatever you think is right. But please,
about Dean living in that house. His high school sweetheart grew up there, so it stands to reason that she still does. Why else would Dean be there? Castiel himself is only in his childhood home now because Dad left it to Gabriel when he died, and Castiel doesn’t have a home of his own any more. It could so easily be that the Braedens died or moved to Florida and left the house to their daughter and her daughter’s…boyfriend? Fiancé? Husband?
The first thing I outlined was somewhere between a police procedural and a horror story. It had a sort of
Please hear me out, Archangel. This is not a decision I have made lightly, and I want to be sure you understand precisely why I had to make it.
This is TOO MUCH.
It was all quite moving – no less so because Cas had been a witness to the hardship that had been weathered to reach this point. As he watched Sam and his bride sway together under the fairy lights, incandescent with joy, he couldn’t help but be thankful that the two had found each other and held on through it all. That at least this one time, love stood as the victor.
This, all of it, was quiet and raw and altogether beautiful.
As we’ve established, I’m completely fucking in love with my boyfriend. It’s all gross and mushy and feelings. I love it. I love when he’s been up all night working and glares up from the pillow when I kiss him goodbye in the morning. I love when he eviscerates bad movies with his commentary, and the adorable little furrow he gets in his brow when I say something incredibly dumb just for the hell of it. And— no joke— more than anything I just fucking love doing nothing with him. I mean, I love doing things with him too, don’t get me wrong. Sexy things
It was the voice of Aretha Franklin, vibrant even through the tinny phone speaker.
So, I shall let my glee flow (internally, so as not to make Mrs. Novak suspicious that I might be too happy for my own good), and prepare to embark on the next chapter of my life (aha, the writing puns begin!) with newfound hope.
“It’s okay,” Cas replied, slightly baffled by the earnest apology in Dean’s tone. At a loss, he opted for sarcasm. “I guess. I mean, you have all weekend to make up for it.”
On the basic level, it’s a fun and comfortable feeling in the yard. They chat amiably through the opening credits. Then they watch the movie, which all three of them have clearly seen before. Dean appears to have it largely memorized, and Ben gently ribs him about his love for the franchise throughout. They have a playful relationship, but they make every effort to include Cas in their banter, which he appreciates.
The door opened behind Cas, signaling the return of Charlie and Jo, who had been moving the last of the fruit back to the kitchen. Addy became rather abruptly shy around the ladies, practically burying her face in her mother’s neck as she watched them intently.
As Dean mows the lawn across the way in the sparkling autumn light, Castiel absolutely goggles. This is, unmistakably, the same Dean Winchester who graduated alongside him, the same stunning person who had made newly-awakened-gay Castiel of 17 melt from within whenever he entered the cafeteria. But despite his spitting resemblance, this Dean was leagues more handsome at 30 than his teenage self had been. It was absolutely baffling.
“Sounds like an excellent plan,” he answered, leaning into her side in support before they both stood to get back to work.
Yours, always,
Dean falters for a moment. He’s spent years trying not to put his own shit on Jack’s conscience. On anyone’s, really. But the kid is a fucking god now. And if the past twenty four hours have taught Dean anything, it’s that Jack can handle the tough stuff with grace and wisdom. Time to let him take this knowledge on.
So, clearly this was a clever ploy to try to get me to keep the phone. But don’t you see the spot you’ve put me in? I can never manage to deserve this gift.
Dean looked up at his emphatic tone and began to chuckle as well, no doubt thinking back on tales of Cas and Meg’s more colorful undergraduate escapades. “Okay, fair enough”
“Marry or marry not...”
“What?” he asks just to rile Sam up.
Aretha sang,
First, Dean pulls him into a huge hug. He holds it tight, even though Cas has regressed to his wooden soldier act within Dean’s arms. Then he realizes he hasn’t even spoken yet, so he whispers, “Heya, Cas.” Next, he pulls back, looks the angel over to make sure he’s in one piece, and punches him lightly on the arm.
This gift is not for the gilded elite,
Floating on a wave of conflicting feelings, Castiel bypassed the post-party gathering in the living room and headed up to bed, content to focus on his joy for the bride and groom as he drifted toward sleep.
Things started to get a bit steamy as they both undressed, each of them finally allowed to really look as the other stripped down. But Cas put a hand up as Dean moved forward, making to remove Cas’s briefs.
“Hi Aunt Mary.”
“Hello.” It’s the only word he can get out. He’s baffled. And possibly going into his version of fight or flight mode (attempting to melt into the floor beneath him in order to avoid both fight and flight).
“That’s the spirit,” Cas offered, descending the last few steps. Sam shot him a half-assed look of betrayal, clearly feeling he should still be angry about the wakeup call, but too distracted to actually sustain his annoyance to a convincing degree.
Castiel
Sam released him more quickly than the others, but his smile was no less warm. “I’m so glad you were able to come in today! The drive wasn’t too bad?”
Dean’s thousand-watt smile was nearly blinding in the dim room. “Awesome. I'll wake you at 5:30.”
He needed a deep breath, but Dean lifted the phone to his ear. “H-hello?”
“Oh, trust me,” was Cas’s ominous response. “If she actually hated you, you would be painfully certain of that fact.”
It’s freeing in more ways than he could have anticipated, that deep truth. All of a sudden, the responsibilities are personal and the outside forces are more like noise. Who cares what people like Dad would think of him in the context of the world now. All those people out there are lucky they get to be in the world at all again, and what they think of Dean’s needs and wants and desires is their own problem. They’re in charge of their own stories too. That is their power and also his own.
Cas just blinks, wondering if this is a particularly vibrant daydream.
“No one?” Castiel asked, skeptical of the logistics of such secrecy in a life as full of friends as Dean’s. “It sure seems like Charlie had an inkling.”
Unable to formulate a response in his mild panic, Cas took a huge bite of cupcake and nodded vaguely. There was a moment of contented silence as Cas chewed. Sam had plopped down on the couch to dive right into his manuscript, and Charlie was still staring without restraint as Jo shook her head at her girlfriend’s hyper focus.
This cheeky line earned Dean a head slap. But it was followed by a kiss, so he probably didn’t mind so much.
But all that logic leaves behind is a more emotional or intellectual interest, and, as we have already established, I honestly don’t feel any more equipped to handle that. I, who have never left this state, and might never have left Angel Farm if not for a certain scholarship. I, who have barely been kissed and have never definitively dated. I, who learned the world through pages and pages of research but have no way to tell the fact from the exaggeration. How can I possibly hope to live up to the regard this exceptional man offers me?
Dear Archangel,
Dean clearly agreed. “I’d place bets he’ll see it as a foregone conclusion once he hears Florida’s in my rearview.”
For this first visit, Chuck set us up to each meet with Jody one-on-one several times. I’ve never engaged in any sort of counselling or psychotherapy, but the setup of these sessions felt almost as I imagine the beginning of a therapist/patient relationship might. We met, first, to simply get acquainted- chat about our lives and backgrounds, etc., and generally get used to each other’s company. For that first meeting, we were asked to bring along some finished samples—the sort of things we might submit as part of a portfolio. So, when the second session rolled around, Jody had read some of our work, and we were able to discuss our actual writing with her—inspirations and motivations and everything surrounding our working mindsets. Then, for the third and final formal session, she had read some early drafts of work we felt was “unfinished”: full drafts, snippets of works in progress, even entirely discarded ideas. This session was geared toward where we are and where we wish to go, discussions of what we feel are our strengths and our weaknesses, things we wish we could overcome or deeply want to try. It was all, in my opinion, fascinating. So much more open and personal than the “you-should-you-shouldn’t” feeling of most formal writing education. And with such a thoughtful and sharp interrogator as Jody, I found myself discovering my own desires as an artist even as I shared them, her questions aligning my most fleeting thoughts into something approaching epiphany more than once.
But he takes a page out of Castiel’s book. He chooses to believe.
At this word, Dean’s patient façade broke away into a rush of emotion. “I’m so sorry, Cas. I know I should have told you ages ago.”
Never have I felt
And with that, they part ways.
“As a buffer when the whole family freaks out on you?” Cas guessed. But Dean’s tone had turned serious.
“I see where you’re going with this, I think. With a plan this specific, Dad’ll see it as an opportunity rather than an insult.”
Couples joined the dance floor at random from there, all apparently content to move together to the sounds of Sam and Jess’s (rather eclectic) playlist. Happier at a table in the corner with his excellent Virgin Watermelon Margarita, Cas simply watched for a while, chatting with the various guests who wandered by as the afternoon wore on. After a while, he found himself alone in his corner with Dean, both of them relaxed and content, despite the heat, chatting about the afternoon’s successes in the fading light.
The lake house was, predictably, built on the shore of a lake, so the last twenty minutes or so of the trip were rife with glimpses of sun-golden water through patches of Midwestern forest. It was calming, just as Castiel imagined Bill Harvelle had intended when he secretly purchased the property years ago. When he died so suddenly shortly after finishing the renovations, Ellen had been ready to sell it right off--they hadn't even managed to take a family trip there before Bill's passing, and she couldn't bear to dive into the "could have beens" that she envisioned haunting its rooms. She once told a teenaged Cas, when he had asked why she ultimately kept the property, that this final stretch of road along the lake had been a significant factor in her decision. Its beauty had soothed her shattered heart some, so that by the time she made the final turn down the long drive and caught a glimpse of the house, she felt revived. It was as if, she told Cas, she could see a way forward for the first time since Bill's death, and the shadows of maybes felt less like despair and more like love.
“This isn’t some kind of thesis,” he assured us over and over all autumn. “It’s just something to focus your final semester. We don’t expect a magical polished masterpiece based on prescribed rules and illogical timelines! You’re here to learn and grow!” Chuck is the sort of anxiety-sufferer who loves to reassure others that they don’t need to worry, even though they likely still will. It’s oddly comforting.
Until February, Archangel, Adieu.
“Thanks,” Dean grunts. He sounds almost guilty, though. “He was complicated. We were complicated. All of us. He drove Sam up the wall until he was ready to skedaddle the minute he could. So, Sam got into college as far away as he possibly could, and Dad basically told me not to come back from dropping him off at his dorm.”
Never have I been a part of a such group,
“Yeah, Cas?” Dean asked, his voice slightly muffled by the comforter onto which he had just plopped.
Ben jumps up. “Sweet. Thanks, Dean.”
When Dean didn’t continue, Cas offered, “I didn’t know that.”
“Nope,” Ellen interjected. “You’re not on setup duty, young man. It is your wedding day.”
Thank you for the hyacinths, by the way. They arrived just before my departure, and now sit in the windowsill of my new bedroom, overlooking the back door of Jody and Donna’s home, as though guarding their herb garden.
The day rolled on at an impressive pace from there. The Moores rolled up shortly after Cas had finished eating, and set to work with Mary planning out the day and divvying up tasks. Jess’s bridal party filled out as the day wore on, with her college roommate Kat arriving around noon, and her “certified BFF” Grant rushing in an hour or so later with apologies for unforeseen traffic. They were both quickly set down in the dining room with Trish, Sonya, and Laurie to roll silverware for the reception, dividing up a mountain of tiny wildflowers between the rolls for a bit of rustic flair.
Why couldn’t he have borrowed a book on tape from the library or something? Or even burned some podcasts onto a CD before leaving? Stupid ancient car making everything more complicated. The daydreams and twisting memories that came with driving in silence were just as significant a threat as falling asleep at the wheel, at this point. He pulled a new CD at random out of the case on the passenger seat and slid it into the player.
“I know it’s a weird…this shit only happens in sitcoms, right? That’s what I thought, but,” he hooks his thumb back toward his own house. “Lisa’s making cookies, and she honest to god ran out of sugar halfway through the recipe. And the grocery stores all get mobbed in the evenings, these days, you know? So, I figured since you’re here and I sorta know you, I should see if maybe you could help out so nobody has to risk a store full of strangers.”
It would be a beautiful death, he thought idly, to drown in green eyes and sunlight. Well worth the trouble.
It was a bit overwhelming for Cas, being assaulted by so much affection from so many corners so quickly. He loved it, of course – he loved them all fiercely. But coming back from his relatively straightforward existence, standing there, cupcake in hand, and being looked at with such naked adoration by these smiling faces was really something. His heart was so full, and he felt so abruptly lucky to have been found by these people. He never felt so welcomed as when he was among them.
It sounds like John passed through East Jordan several times over the years, and his boys clearly made an impression on Ellen, Bobby, and Rufus. The third time John declared that they were going to move on after about three months in town, Ellen, apparently, snapped. Jo was listening from the next room when her mother unleashed on John Winchester, and she tells me the argument ended with a blunt threat to call child services if the boys were not given a stable home immediately. Ellen’s wrath was quite a sight to see, I’m told, and by the end of the week Sam and Dean were living with Bobby. John, for his part, took off, just as he had intended.
“And so is he.”
Jody’s arrival was no accident of timing. She specifically wanted to give our projects to us before our departure so that we could begin to “percolate” ideas during our break time. She met with us each individually again to explain her recommendations in detail and answer any questions. But (naturally) we all shared our assignments with each other immediately. That’s just the sort of bond we have as a class, I guess. And given how we’ve been workshopping so intimately together all year, I suppose it all would have come out eventually, anyway. None of our professors seemed all that surprised by our frankness, honestly.
Castiel spent much of the evening meeting and engaging with the various other guests. But, as always, his gaze did wander to Dean now and again. The man seemed to be in his element tonight, showing off his easy charm to the young and old alike, walking the perfect line between “fun” and “acceptable to Baby Boomer sensibilities” that he pulled out so seamlessly in mixed company and professional settings. Apart from one moment where Grandma Deanna (Dean’s namesake) appeared to be interrogating him about something or other, the man seemed largely at ease.
“Are you sure we should risk it, though?” Sam asked immediately. He was actually wringing his hands, like some kind of vintage cartoon character. “But what if they’re wrong? What if it starts raining in the middle of the ceremony, and –“
Gabe is sleeping off his overnight shift. The hospital is filling up again, and he’s trying not to let on how concerned and exhausted he is, but Castiel knows him too well to buy the charade. He tiptoes down the stairs, and leaves through the front door so as not to disturb his sleeping brother in the back bedroom.
Ms. Celeste Middleton, personal secretary to Mr. Michael Smith
Meg’s stories seldom end well. They rarely paint redemption in a kind or desirable light. They speak of a writer who isn’t sure the line between good and evil would reflect well on her own soul. There’s nothing inherently wrong with that—any of it. Stories don’t need to be happy and sugary any more than they need to be a certain length or style. But, our professors would ask, is this tiny seedling of self-doubt, even self-loathing, holding Meg back? If she can see it and learn from it, will new avenues open to her? Could something unique bloom on the page if she let herself be a bit vulnerable?
“Tomorrow.” That thought elicited a sad laugh from Castiel. Oh, how he had worried about tomorrow, all for nothing. “And here I thought it was a date.”
Dec. 25, 2017
Plus, now he’s alone with Dean, and he’s not sure what to do.
Mary wandered over as soon as Sam was safely inside, and plopped herself on the porch swing between Cas and Jess. Newly arrived Grant turned to Jess from his perch on the front steps and asked, “Aren’t you the one who’s supposed to be freaking out today, Madame Bride?”
P.S. An Update: Bela rolled her eyes at me quite dramatically, and informed me that it was not a Cotillion, it was a “Coming Out Ball”, and that she “looked perfectly marvelous, thank you”. That certainly made my own more metaphorical coming out much smoother once Meg, Krissy and I had finished cackling.
Why was Dean offering beverages in someone else’s home? “That’s okay. But thank you.”
Through it all, every one of us listened as though it were gospel. We were all riveted, determined to soak in the tales, the tones of voice, the details remembered and the ones freshly unforgotten. We took notes, Archangel! Not of the specifics of our comrades’ experiences, but of the unique mundanities that popped out around the edges, things foreign to some while barely even thought of among others. Four H and Forensics. Farm work and Family Trips. Things taken for granted, but utterly new outside the bubble of one life. Archangel, we learned so much.
Dean considered him, but ultimately gave a nod. “Yeah, deal.”
This question made Dean wince. “That was Grandpa’s thing. He liked to correspond with the students each year. I wasn’t gonna, but – I just loved that story. I wanted to read more, but I’m shitty with words, as you know, so I… I had them change the rules to make it a one way thing. I’m sorry, Cas.”
Now, Archangel, you must be aware by now of my embarrassingly obvious crush on Dean Winchester. And, as I believe I have mentioned to you before, I am not yet truly comfortable with casual electronic communications such as texting. And at that moment I WAS in physical pain, likely dehydrated from a day of sweating through a heavy winter coat, and teetering on the edge between tipsy and drunk. Also, Meg and Bela are terrible influences who seem able to talk me into anything…
“I see,” Castiel replied, aiming for serious but rather too entranced by the curve of Dean’s lower lip. “Well, I’ll take that under advisement, then, thank you.”
“Seriously, man,” Dean continues as Cas hands over his sugar selection. “Thank you for this. You’re a life saver. Perhaps literally, given how wild the grocery stores get.”
Eyes closed in shame, Dean let out a tiny, “yeah.”
Mary nodded thoughtfully, but Sam interrupted, wincing. “Dude, I love Rufus, but you do not want to share a room with him. He takes snoring to a whole new level. Trust me on this.”
I’ve also been toying around with a joint project with Krissy over the past few days. We think there’s potential for some kind of YA-style bildungsroman starring a kid in the US foster system, so we’ve been brainstorming all kinds of wild directions that could go. Perhaps it’s an almost campy, tongue-in-cheek tale, a la
“But do you really think he’d let me leave after that? I mean,” he ran a hand through his hair in agitation. “Sure, he’d let me. But he’d be hurt. It’d really be personal this time, you know?”
I have a bone to pick with you, sir. Again.
Classwork has been continuing along as before, as we all await Jody’s return with our final assignments. I’ve been playing around with the fruits of my Ghost Dragon labor, revision and rethinking, etc. Channing Ngo (Kevin’s artist girlfriend) really did send some design ideas about how to illustrate the children’s book, too. I was promised “sketches”, but she sent me gorgeous, full color renderings of several characters, and even one full scene. They are truly beautiful, and I’m so honored she thinks my story is worthy of her time and hard work. I might end up with my name on a picture book one of these days, and as surprising as I find that statement, I’m rather thrilled. When I’m happy with the revisions, I’m planning to send the manuscript to Alfie for his opinion. He always loved reading aloud to the younger children that came through the Farm, and I trust him to know if it’s worth submitting to children’s publishers at some point. Fingers crossed that he likes it.
Lord, he should have expected that. People don’t just hang out on their front lawns all the time, Castiel, jesus.
(And, it occurs to me, I haven’t actually come out to you either… Apologies for the abruptness of that. It’s never really been anything but an open secret in my life, despite Mrs. Novak’s supposed piety. So, yes, I’m quite gay. I hope that’s not uncomfortable for you. Though, given what you know of my writing already, I rather doubt it’s a huge surprise. I can’t imagine many homophobic benefactors would read a vaguely sardonic story about a ghost-hunting collective of teenage lesbians in 2060s Detroit and immediately exclaim, “Who wrote this? I must bankroll their post-graduate studies immediately!”)
My vaguely ridiculous Gabriel-the-asshole-angel story is being published! I think I told you that I had submitted some work to a few publications (largely online) just on the off chance? Well, moments ago I received word that the website McSweeny’s wants to publish my story in their quarterly publication coming up. It’s possible I’m in a mild state of shock. (And it is also possible that Meg is currently scouring the Estate for a bottle of champagne, but that’s neither here nor there.) I’m very excited, Archangel, and I simply had to share with you.
So. Like I said, it’s a hell of a story. And clearly still an open wound for Dean, seeing as even Bela didn’t mention Sam Winchester to any of us. She isn’t exactly known for her tact, so I suppose it’s possible she doesn’t know about Dean’s family beyond what Henry might have told her. But I’m certainly not going to bring it up with her unless I’ve ensured it isn’t secret information. I do hope you won’t tell either, Archangel. It’s not my tale to share, in truth, and I only open it to you with the understanding of anonymity for all involved. Please don’t prove me naïve for trusting you thus.
“If you’re sure,” Cas replied. His skepticism earned him twin unimpressed looks from his surrogate mothers. Sheepishly he added, “which you are, of course. That’s why you said as much.”
The problem, Archangel, is that Dean Winchester has invited me out on what is unmistakably a date. If your immediate reaction is “some problem!” I can understand. But I beg you to really consider: Dean Winchester— sweet, brilliant, beautiful Dean with a fancy job and a Michigan Engineering degree and a history of overcoming the greatest of odds—wishes to take out little old me— underwhelming Castiel Novak with a quick enough wit to cover up some of his flaws, but no family, no worldly experience, and no guarantee of a bright future in the tough world of published fiction. What on Earth am I to do?
Ellen Harvelle wasted no time answering this request, appearing in the living room moments later complete with a brightly frosted pastry. “There’s more where that came from,” she assured him, patting his cheek affectionately. “Welcome back, Cas. It’s been too long.”
Castiel bolts again, retreating to his room so he can curl up in a pitiful blanket ball and contemplate the fact that Dean Winchester is teaching a boy of about 10 how to throw a baseball.
Thank you, Archangel, and Happy New Year.
“I fucking love you, is what I’m saying,” Dean continues. “It honestly never occurred to me that you could feel the same way. Hell, I still don’t get why you do. What does a celestial wavelength even see in a washed up-”
By the terms of The Garden’s own rules, room, board, and meals for the year-long program are included within the general tuition fees. You will also receive a small stipend of $1000, monthly, as part of the scholarship agreement, to be used toward incidental expenses related to your graduate program, and other pre-career investments.
and wish it on no other soul.
Best Wishes,
Well, Archangel, my attendant nursemaid (one Meg Masters) tells me I am required to “stop writing and go the hell back to sleep before I catch my death”. And if you ever have the misfortune to be on the receiving end of her surliest glare, as I am now, you will understand why I feel compelled to obey. She has powers even the darkest among us cannot imagine.
Dean deflated, suddenly sounding exhausted. “Yeah, I’ve seen it. It’s really something.”
Apparently that had successfully covered Cas’s confusion, because Dean grinned and said, “Damn right.” But then he wrapped his arm around his friend’s shoulder, and Cas had to dig deep for the strength to not tense up. Or lean in. Or rest his head on the shoulder directly to his left. He was doomed. Because Dean was smiling crookedly and looking him dead in the eye as he said, “I’m glad you made it, man.”
“Of course it is,” Mary argued. “Your dad has tenants in your old house, honey. Where exactly are you planning to sleep?”
Dean doesn’t tell Sam about any of it. They settle into a life without an urgent threat, enjoying the bunker and the freedom and the world a little bit more. And each day, they pick a member of their extended family network, and try to determine if they came back when humanity was restored, or if they simply moved on.
“Yes, that’s mine.” Lord, Cas wants to just sprint across the street and pretend this isn’t happening. But he does have
In the way that a feeling can ever be a fact, it was clear Cas still had a crush on the elder Winchester son. It had been there all along, really, fueling his pain at being left behind in the first place. And this weekend, with the shared secrets and the heart to hearts and the dancing—well, there was no pretending that Cas’s feelings stopped at friendly or familial. He was hooked, and there was a distinctly non-zero chance that the object of his desire was about to be sleeping on his couch for three months. Brilliant. Nothing like dragging your love as close as possible to remind your traitorous heart how unrequited it all is.
Dear Archangel,
Whatever. Castiel has way way way too much free time right now. And given that Dean was the first male person he was specifically and deliberately attracted to – less “I recognize this boy is hot and that pleases me”, more “wow this specific boy is so beautiful and impressive that I would like to launch into the sun” – it’s probably not entirely surprising that his thoughts are wandering back to the lawn across the street with alarming frequency over the next few days.
Well, I should confess that I worked myself up into a bit of a “state” after I posted my last letter. I was terrified that my refusal of your sponsorship was an irreparable misstep, an affront to your generosity and an offense to you personally. I was on edge for several days. Chuck started recommending some of his preferred calming techniques completely unprompted over breakfast on the fourth day of this, so clearly, I was not hiding my panicked shame as well as I thought.
Dean nodded, smirking. “Well, combine Jess’s drive and Sam’s obsessive attention to detail with Mom and Ellen’s aggressive follow through, and you get magic.”
If you’ll indulge me, I have some more self-reflective ideas about why this parting moved me so. Your contract seemed to encourage such musings, so I feel secure in sharing. Strange, isn’t it, that you seem to invite such confidences even in your anonymity?
The rest of the afternoon passed in a flurry of party preparation. The biscuits made it out of the oven unharmed, thankfully. Cas suspected this was largely due to the fact that Sam had disappeared with his manuscript and Mary was busy coordinating rental furniture and delivery men in the yard most of the afternoon. Being only a marginally accomplished cook himself, Cas left the real cooking to Dean and Ellen, escaping into the dining room for prep duty. He spent the better part of two hours catching up over cutting boards with Jo and Charlie as they all diced fruit and veggies for the evening’s various salads. It was warm and comfortable in the sunlit dining room, and by the time Bobby and John turned up with a truckload of meat and meat alternatives for the grill, Cas and Charlie had completely dissolved into laughter. It was as if no time had passed since Cas had last sat at this table, and when he heard Bobby mutter “Idjits” as he passed through to the kitchen, Cas finally began to relax. He could do this.
“It’s good to see you all,” he said, hoping to project the depth of his sincerity. “I’m sorry I missed you at the holidays,” he added, turning apologetically back to Ellen.
The Roadhouse’s clientele is largely comprised of locals. I’m told the occasional “Fudgie” (tourist from downstate, if you’re unfamiliar) will wander in now and again on their way to or from the various ski resorts and campgrounds, but they rarely seem to return with friends after their initial visit. Ellen is happy to report that her bar has been deemed “too eccentric” for inclusion in tourist blogs or travel books. “It’s a damn blessing,” she declared on my second evening here. “We don’t get mobbed by snooty rich folks in designer ski wear, and the locals at least have one last place to get a bite and a pint in peace.” This might not be what your average MBA would call a “strong business model”, but from what I can tell it’s just about perfect.
“And I didn’t tell Ellen to invite you back, either, by the way,” Dean continued, clearly desperate to absolve his family of blame. “Promise. That was all her. She wants to adopt you, and I had nothing to do with that. “
When Jess herself emerged, Cas could swear she glowed with joy. Her hair was braided with tiny blue flowers to match the bridal party’s attire, and the train of her soft lacy dress shifted along the carpeted aisle like a creamy river. Both she and her mother beamed as they reached the end of the aisle and parted ways with a silent hug, and from that moment on she only had eyes for Sam.
But Dean cut him off with a gentle, “Please.” He looked a little desperate himself, but his tone was as warm as it was firm. So, Castiel took a seat in a comfortable looking floral chair. Dean, for his part, took a seat at the far end of the couch, and proceeded to simply stare into his own glass of water.
I, therefore, will not be sending you summaries today. But, I will tell you, that I have been bouncing from topic to topic as much as I can, trying out anything that jumps to mind, to see where else I can be taken by my work. I might as well enjoy the freedom while I have it, right? Unless I have some sort of magical success and publish five novels next fall, I will likely be beholden to someone else for my topics of study in the real world, at least as I start out. I intend to take full advantage of this restriction-free-zone.
It must have been one hell of a dream. But I have absolutely no recollection of what this pair of words was meant to mean.
“Shit, I had no idea,” Dean replied softly.
Dean looked up at Castiel in a daze. “I took your advice and called him this morning. I left a voicemail.”
“But, well. Just ‘cause we don’t
And Cas had thought it was heavenly before… “I think I'd have to admit that I love you too. Have for a while, really.”
He was, definitively, being published. In book form. The kind with paper. This was happening.
Now it was Dean’s turn to blink. This was not what he had been braced for, apparently. “Um. She was a Creative Writing professor for most of her life. So, when she died, my Grandpa Henry made the post-grad scholarship in her name, and he hand-chose all the recipients himself.” When Castiel didn’t immediately respond, Dean gestured up at the portrait over the mantle. “That’s them.”
As if summoned by magic, Dean appeared in the doorway from the kitchen, phone in hand, muttering to himself. He looked unfairly wonderful in his casual clothes and annoyed scowl. Cas swallowed thickly as Dean spoke.
Castiel gazed up at the portrait on the wall, completely floored as he ran through all sorts of emotions: through hurt, then fury, and on to mortification. He composed his next words slowly, hoping to get everything ironed out before letting any of these feelings overtake him. “So, let me make sure I understand this. Each month I sent a letter here addressed to ‘Mr. Smith’. Here, to this place where you have been living.”
“Well,” he began, aiming for nonchalant. “Have you considered looking for work up north? Perhaps around Detroit? There is a reason we call it the Motor City, after all.”
In the thirty-three days since my last correspondence, I have barely ventured any further than the confines of the house and its grounds (formidable, yes, but largely made up of rooms, trees, and a small stretch of beach). However, I already feel like a world traveler. I recall encountering much the same feeling when I first received the responsibility of a library card. I dove head first into literature, testing the waters slowly with Mrs. Novak— (oh, to hell with it. I’m 21 and she will never read this, so I will henceforth “grow a pair” and dispense with the strange formalities!). When it became clear that
? I certainly didn’t ‘til this glorious weirdo stormed into my life. Honestly, just the other night, totally off the cuff, he starts reciting this ode to my ass that was just…
Heavens, Archangel! I’m going to need extra postage to send you this tome of a letter! I should sign off before I cause injury to a mail carrier with yet more paper…
When this comment went unfinished, Cas prompted, “I’m guessing you’re not planning to return to Florida next week?”
“Guess who I ran into at Jewel?” Sam said, almost sounding a little nervous.
“Fuck me. Dean, I need you to fuck me,” Cas groaned.
“Whatever,” Dean said with an unconcerned wave of his hand as he climbed back into Cas’s bed. He could deal with Henriksen later.
The next day, Cas paced outside the garage when Dean walked out.
The Roadhouse was a good idea, Cas thought. It was about time he smoothed things over with Jo. He only met her twice but didn’t care to have her as an enemy or even just mad at him. If he kept hanging with Dean and the rest of the gang, they would probably be coming here a lot.
“Damn, you look good,” Dean said, eyeing his very soon-to-be husband up and down.
Dean picked the file up.
“I’m sorry, Cas. You were always too good for me. You can start over with someone else.”
They continued to unpack in silence. Dean almost mentioned that the dude must be hot in the August heat wearing a black suit that seemed way too formal but decided against it. Making an enemy of your roommate seemed like a bad way to start college.
Dean and Cas decided, in addition to work, they would try to finish their GED’s again so they returned to Pamela Barnes’ class. She only teased them a little for not finishing earlier.
“Oh, good, he’s gone,” Dean said, peeking open one eye to check the room. He opened the other looked at Cas. Cas got out of the chair to lean over Dean and give him a gentle kiss. His lips were a little dry but otherwise unaffected by everything that had happened.
“Shit. Maybe I took it off in the garage? I’ll check tomorrow.”
“Me too, fuck Cas, you feel so good,” Dean answered breathlessly.
It was nice to hear some good news. It would tear him apart to not see Sam but he couldn’t hold him back anymore. Sam needed to focus on himself and be successful all on his own. One Winchester had to make it in this shitty world.
“Dean. I’ve never been in trouble before.”
He undid Dean’s belt buckled and undid his pants. Dean lifted his ass up to push them and his boxers down. Cas slid off of Dean to kneel in front of him. He pulled the clothes the rest of the way down and threw them to the side. Dean was only in his socks but Cas got rid of those, too.
Dean kissed Cas. It had been a long time since he had really kissed him so he quickly slid his tongue over Cas’s lips who opened his mouth.
“That I love you?” Cas asked and Dean nodded. “Yes. I meant it.”
“Look, I know I was an ass…”
Over the rest of spring break, it was more of the same. There was plenty of junk food, movies and hanging out. Cas and Jess met and got along very well. She insisted they watch what Cas thought Dean would consider a chick-flick but who ended up agreeing enthusiastically. The movie didn’t matter as long as Cas could snuggle with Dean on the beat up but comfortable couch.
"I looked round and I knew there was no turning back. My mind raced and I thought, what could I do?" Thunderstruck, AC/DC
Dean nudged him with his elbow in a “not now” gesture.
Dean grunted into his pillow in response.
“Maybe you don’t know me as well as you think,” Dean snapped.
Dean sat on the couch quietly while Charlie gave Cas a call. This felt like he was tricking Cas but he was out of options. He wanted one more chance to talk to Cas and if Cas didn’t want anything to do with him afterwards then Dean would understand.
“You’re probably right.”
Castiel walked into the living room and found Gabriel on the couch in jeans and a simple black shirt.
“We can help…” Deanna tried.
“It’s not worth it,” Cas interrupted. “Let’s just go.”
Dean had a moment of panic that Cas would fail the next philosophy assignment he turned in, but he knew Cas wasn’t like that. Hopefully. Dean really didn’t know him when he thought about it.
“Shit,” Dean said out loud when Cas turned a corner, staring at the hand Cas held.
A stern look woman with her hair in a tight bun and her mouth set in a disapproving line stepped forward. Dean could have sworn he knew her from somewhere, the intimidating presence was familiar.
“No you’re not, brother,” Benny laughed. “And you don’t have to be.”
“It’s hard to believe you had just had gotten your license at about this time last year,” Cas said with a small smile.
“Yes.”
The three douchebags ran off but not before they threw Dean into the wall, hard. His vision went black for a moment.
Dean laughed at the ridiculous idea.
Finals were stressful but that was to be expected. It more stressful since things had gotten a little tense between Dean and Cas. Gabriel had been a dick and then Dean may have gone a little overboard by comparing him to their cousins so Cas was upset. Dean was upset that Cas hadn’t really come to Dean’s defense to his brother.
The Fourth of July was something special. Ellen baked a bunch of pies with Dean’s help, Bobby was grilling up amazing smelling burgers and Jo had the easy task of cutting up some watermelon. John’s contribution was beer but he was making progress on those all on his own with minimal help from Bobby.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas returned the smile.
“You don’t know that was me!” Castiel said defensively, his eyes narrowing dangerously.
“I know you were in Zachariah’s office last night,” Crowley stated, “I want to know why.”
“Fuck, as good as that is I’d like to not come in my pants,” Dean pointed out.
Cas laughed too. It was a good description.
“I didn’t have a choice. The cops were going to arrest me and my brother, it was the only way,” Cas tried a last ditch effort to explain himself but the words sounded stupid coming out.
Dean definitely took note of the large drink Castiel took at the mention of his family.
Dean nodded and cracked his book open to one of the ones he figured Cas meant. It didn’t cross his mind to wonder why Cas remembered his midterm so well.
Several students turned around to look at Cas and Dean had to bite on a knuckle to keep from laughing out loud.
“Henriksen hasn’t seen Dean and Benny in their usual spot.”
While Meg could be helpful and kind at times, she also had a history of manipulation.
Dean turned to him as they ate and he was right, Cas made the face he knew he would.
Cas looked down at his empty plate, feeling his cheeks get warm. How stupid was it that Dean could make him blush so easily?
Dean lay in bed a minute longer and remembered their friends Hannah and Victor had gotten engaged and Dean had to act happy for them. Not completely act but they had dated for as long as Dean and Cas so it put the pressure on. Dean didn’t know if Cas expected a proposal and he didn't know how to bring it up.
In the silence that followed this exchange, Castiel opted to sit. Much better to run though all the dumb things he likely wrote to Dean while sitting, eh? Seemed like a safer bet.
“Meg does have that effect.”
Cas was quickly assaulted by a tiny curly-haired girl of about five who seemed completely entranced by his gravelly voice. After nearly a full minute of open mouthed staring, she emitted a huge grin and announced to him that she was the flower girl.
There was a pause, then Dean said, “Huh?”
I have thought about sharing more with you about the ideas I’m working through on my final project, Archangel, but… I have decided to hold off for now. I know, objectively, that you would not judge my under-formed inklings of ideas, and might even enjoy watching the strange progress they make toward the end result. But in the end, I have decided to wait. For one thing, I have been writing for far too long now, and my hand is starting to hurt. But mostly, I’d like to hold on to my plan a bit longer. I think you will enjoy the element of surprise, here. And if not, then consider it a tiny payback for how little I get to know about you!
Ever yours,
When Castiel’s family had, inevitably, moved back, it was senior year of high school, and all those birthday parties were distant memories buried in the ash heap of adolescent drama. This time, Castiel was in a new crowd of the Teachers Pets sort, and Dean was elsewhere. The teenage world had spread out in Castiel’s absence, and they were now as distant as the sun and moon.
And, Archangel, since I see you have not heeded my warning about spoiling me with your generosity, I suppose there is no point in my reiterating the point now. You are more than I deserve, and I hope you know how deeply that is appreciated.
There are some details of the evening that Castiel finds rather confusing, though. For one, the chairs in which they sit are all spaced six feet or so apart – all three of them, evenly spaced in a large triangle. He can’t figure out why Dean and Ben would need to be separated like that, given that they live together. Perhaps Dean wanted to make sure Cas didn’t feel left out, spatially? Or maybe there’s something else at play here and Castiel should stop assuming things. Probably the latter, honestly.
in the middle of things
To be honest, the final goodbye affected me far more acutely than I anticipated. I’m generally a rather level-headed being, at least in action. I find heightened, dramatic displays of emotion uncomfortable and counterproductive, and public displays of affection generally baffle me in the worst possible way. I prefer to observe the world with calm; to take it in, analyze and process, and channel the results (after careful study) into the written word or quiet discourse. Feeling myself momentarily overwhelmed with a rush of emotion as I drove off down the freeway was an altogether bewildering experience.
Mother fucker, it’s Dean Winchester.
It’s too much, don’t you understand? What on Earth could I have done to deserve all this?
Dean was born downstate, the first of two sons born to John and Mary Winchester. (And let me point out right now that neither Dean nor Bela mentioned any of these people when we all met last month. It seems there is a reason for that.) When the younger son, Sam, was only a few months old, their house caught fire. It burned to the ground, killing Mary, leaving the boys motherless and their father completely distraught.
But, well, that didn’t mean he couldn’t have a little something to hold him over. He woke Dean with a kiss that was well worth the annoyance of morning breath.
“Yeah, actually,” Dean reassured her. “It’s been long enough now that I’ve gotten most of the…”
“Wanna come with me to my parents’ place for a day or two?”
“It was,” Dean admitted, just as sadly. “I had this dream that maybe you would… I don’t know. Stick around, I guess. But I knew I had to tell you, regardless.”
(Please don’t panic— I’m aware that’s now how jobs work. But in the glow of this giddy moment I simply cannot seem to let financial uncertainties and other petty realities formulate in my mind. Instead I shall float away on champagne bubbles for an evening, collect my professors’ good will, and get right back to work.)
Castiel himself had heard nearly every one of these bonfire tales before, though he delighted in the retellings nonetheless. He had been there when Charlie led the charge against the unruly clan of Orcs from Kansas City, fighting at her side as a knight along with Jo, Garth, and Cas’s ex-boyfriend Zeke. Dean, apparently, hadn’t even heard the story, and while he put on a good show of enjoying the group’s fireside re-enactment, there was something false hiding in his eyes. Was Dean feeling left out, he wondered? Was he upset that no one had kept him in the loop? Was he suddenly realizing that he’d lost something when his contact became limited to holiday greetings?
She put her glass down with a satisfying click which brought everyone's attention back to her. She leaned forward slightly, letting her expression return back to a more serious one. “I have to tell you all something, and I need you all to swear that you will tell no one else.”
Aqua's eyes glowed faintly with the power of their vows. “I’ll hold you all to that,” she warned.
“Well, I don’t know!” he exclaimed defensively. “Maybe you have a sense of poetry or something. How am I supposed to know why a goddess would do something?”
“What the hell are you?” Ellen growled.
Aqua spoke quietly enough that they didn’t try to speak over her. The quiet spoke of confidence and danger, and it would drive the point home better than getting in anyone’s face would.
Aqua watched them all consideringly. She hadn't been certain about sharing this particular secret, but she was beginning to think it would be necessary. Otherwise, there would be questions about how to find the right trickster.
Aqua smirked into her drink.
“There has only ever been one trickster.”
There was a bit of chaos, then, between Dean yelling at me for answers and Sam abruptly sitting down looking ill, but Ellen seemed to be getting tired of all of it. She crossed her arms.
“If I wanted to kill you, any or all of you, I could scatter your atoms across the universe and smother your soul until there is absolutely nothing left of who you once were. And all it would take...”
Sometimes, either Sam or Dean (but usually Sam) would pray about a psychic they had encountered. Aqua didn’t particularly want to get involved with the rest of Azazel’s test subjects, but she did cave a little. She gave the ok for the brothers to hand out her number. It would be up to the psychics to contact her, though.
She was moments away from replying to Sam’s comment as well, but she couldn’t really explain that away as hearing a prayer, so she reluctantly deleted what she had written and tucked her phone back away. It was with a lingering air of amusement that she returned to her planning.
“She has a phone?” he asked, incredulity causing his voice to raise a few notches.
Hey everyone, Topaz here! I apologize for the long wait. I kept getting ideas for later on in this story and I couldn't make myself sit down and write this part out until today. But the good news is that I have the next part or two nearly done, so that should come out faster than this one did.
Aqua had spent weeks considering what name she should give the hunters. How open should she be? How open
how did she even get this number?”
Dean looked sick. “And he has it out for us.”
They all gave hasty nods. Aqua nodded back firmly and took a breath that she really only needed to speak. “Alright. I’m about to tell you one of the biggest and best kept secrets of the pagan world, so listen up.”
The hunters all tensed and regripped their guns. None of them took their eyes off her.
Sam snorted. “She’s got you there, Dean.”
Aqua hummed, gazing into her drink. “There isn't much I can tell you, yet, but essentially,” she pointed at the Winchester brothers, “you two are at the center of a great big prophecy that I would like to derail. You’ll want that too, because at the end, one of you dies.”
Sam rolled his eyes. Then he paused and let the ghost of a smirk appear on his face. “Goddess, Dean,” he teased his brother.
Aqua let her gaze become weightier, wordlessly imploring Sam to
Aqua looked at him with an expression that, she hoped, asked him if he was really that stupid. She shook her head, exasperated. “Let me repeat myself. He has the entirety of hell at his command. If you aren’t dead by now, then he doesn’t want you dead. No. He wants something from you, and- by you, I do mean Sam.”
The hunters gave each other looks of confusion, but at this point seemed to have decided to take all the information they could get. They each swore themselves to secrecy, though warily and with very careful attention to the words they used.
Aqua was patient, though, and it helped that they reminded her of Michael and Lucifer
“He won’t want to be on any other side. He could, I suppose, try to claim neutrality, but my involvement will probably pull him in. Worse comes to worst, it will at least make him curious enough to come talk to me, and I can sort it out from there. As for how I know you’ll meet him…”
She locked her gaze on him, making sure that he couldn’t look away and that her power simmered just under the surface of her vessel: a reminder of who and what they were dealing with.
Aqua moved on from that topic. “Anyway, you have my name. If you want to talk, just pray. Don’t waste time with a summoning. I don’t have much to spare. But know this: I won’t be able to help every time. There are some things I have to allow to happen without interfering, however much it sucks.” Aqua's bitter tone and mundane word choice seemed to surprise them. She went on. “I want you to know that I’m sorry, for that.”
Jo protested this time. “One at a time? Like a mantle?”
“Yeah, right.”
Ellen looked slightly pale. “Why would he do that? I was trying to... Even if he knew I didn’t have the right weapon…”
That caught their interest. They all straightened up and watched Aqua with rapt attention while she spoke. There’s nothing like being entrusted with a deep secret to make someone feel special.
Slowly, he nodded. He was dealing with the aftermath of being very afraid about what he had in his system, but Aqua thought he would be fine soon enough. He would just need some time to adjust, and possibly some proof that he wasn't evil. That wouldn't be too hard to arrange.
In the end, Aqua decided to just let them realize she hadn’t left with all the other patrons.
Michael to hear Dean’s attempt at praying). When that happened, if the hunt insignificant enough that she felt comfortable interfering, she would send them a tip or two. Through text.
Aqua snorted.
Jo spoke up for the first time, then, “Anything else you want to tell us, Ms. Divine Intervention?”
on her archangelic senses, she flew over in the space of a thought.
“So what,” Dean asked snidely, “You’re going to admit to manipulating us.”
“You know how much I love your work, Cas,” he had said, earnest and sincere as always. “That portrait you took of Jess and I last Christmas is the most beautiful thing I have ever seen. And I know you’d capture our wedding perfectly. But,” he had paused then, and looked dead into the camera with his most hopeful puppy dog eyes. “I’d really like it if you’d be one of my grooms-people, Cas. You’re my brother, you know? In all the ways that matter. I want you to share this with us, and I don’t want you to have to work at the same time, you know? I mean, I get that you love being a photographer, but it’s also work, right?”
This is a Christmas that listens without reproach.
He doesn’t get to finish his thought, mercifully, because Castiel, Angel of the Lord, is suddenly kissing him quite passionately.
“How did you end up back here?” Castiel can’t help but ask it. He’s very lost regarding the timeline of all this.
John’s father, Henry Winchester, was apparently quite wealthy, coming from a branch of the same tree Bela calls home and then rising to be a well-respected man in his own right, and a professor at the University of Michigan. No one here seems to know much about what, precisely, happened next, but John and Henry are said to have fallen into a massive argument just after Mary’s funeral, and John ran off with his boys in tow, vowing never to speak to his father again.
Chuck thinks I should keep the character around, see if maybe he could inspire a small series of stories. We’ll see how that goes. I could certainly see this Gabriel causing fireworks if he were to interact with more straight-laced angels, you know? Perhaps even Lucifer? We’ll see.
“And you think he’ll see this as the perfect opportunity,” Cas guessed, not really even phrasing it like a question. That did sound like John.
And perhaps I’m stalling.
That—was not what Cas had been expecting. “You did? But you were so congenial with him.”
“Hell yeah,” Ben adds enthusiastically.
And this, I gather, is where things started to go sideways. John was not pleased at how far away his youngest son had gone to earn his degree, and was not subtle about expressing this when Sam came home for Christmas his Freshman year. It doesn’t sound like John was ever particularly gentle with his children, (though, again, I have all this through the lens of people who love the boys like sons, so I cannot claim an unbiased perspective) and the ensuing fight was one for the ages. A desperate Dean defended a drunken John from a furious Sam at the end of his rope, and by the end of the night, Sam had fled with a promise never to return. Apparently, Dean’s defense of John had been too much for Sam to tolerate, in the end—as far as anyone here can tell the brothers still haven’t spoken to this day, nearly five years later. Sam did not attend the funeral when John succumbed to a heart attack a few years ago.
So many fears and stray pessimisms have bubbled up in my mind since Dean texted the invitation last night. First, there is the fact that I have kept up the charade of having an uncle (you) who sends me gifts for months now, weaving small lies into our conversations to keep up the appearance of family. On top of that, I am clearly feeling my own inadequacies much more keenly by virtue of imagining them through Dean’s eyes. He has risen from living in motels to a life of affluence and stability. Why in heaven’s name should he be bothering with a wayward weirdo like me when he could have anyone? I tutor for a living and live over my boss’s garage. The whole point of rising above poverty is that you can seek out romance with more vibrant and powerful people than you could have before, isn’t it? Maybe that’s a bit extreme. But really, how would I even begin to relate to his life? I know nothing of the normal ways of humans, let alone rich humans. And more importantly, perhaps, my romantic history is pretty much all literary— how can one date when one is an employee in his own home? (Not here! Jody and Donna are wonderful. But Naomi never afforded me luxuries like freedom or independence or visitors.) Alternatively, there is Dean, who was first described to me as a “playboy” by his own cousin. Knowing him as I do now, I can be fairly certain that he is more restrained now in that arena, but I don’t believe Bela was entirely misinformed. He experienced high school and college as so many others do, interacting with new people as much as possible, playing the field, experiencing romance from all sides as I have never had occasion to do.
Dean’s gaze was wary, but he seemed to have decided on full disclosure. “It was time for it to end, honestly,” he began, a bit haltingly. “One day it was just kind of… over. So, the split itself wasn’t so bad— no screaming or begging or any of that. Just one really disheartening conversation where we both basically said, ‘this isn’t going anywhere’. And then a depressing few days of splitting up our belongings. Most of it was hers, anyway, so I didn’t even take much with me. Just moved out, and life went on.” His shrug this time was smooth, and seemed honest. “Coulda been a lot worse.”
It’s a gorgeous day, unexpectedly warm for this time of year in this part of the country. He’s a coffee and a half deep as he gazes out at the neighborhood in the golden midday light.
When it eventually came to him, as they pulled into the bunker’s garage, he felt like he’d been punched in the face all over again.
Cas gave his best attempt at a haunted look. “Let’s just say my car stereo was painfully tuned in to my crush on you during the drive here.”
The party finally broke up when Rufus pulled up in his old pickup, calling “What are you old hippies doing singing kumbaya? It’s nearly midnight!” They extinguished the fire and waved goodnight to the Moores and their guests, trudging back up toward the house in excellent spirits.
July 2, 2018
Cas contemplates his options, then asks, “Do they make milkshakes at this roadhouse?”
If I remain honest, as I have promised to be, Archangel, I have no such warmth toward my childhood haunt. I distinctly remember an utter bereavement when I closed the final cover and left Hogwarts for the last time, because I knew no visit could ever quite surprise fresh life out of me in the same way again— though returns still bring a bright nostalgia, they never match that first pure bloom of wonder. I suppose this is what I expected to encounter as I ventured into the unknown, but I found it was quite conspicuously absent. The farm remains barely more than a place I existed. A place where I was raised with a minimum of everything, and almost entirely without the luxury of human affection.
“Yeah, well, he was cool and funny and hot and actually came close to deserving you, so I hated his guts.” He was smirking, but he sounded a bit guilty about it. “But I couldn’t let him know that, now, could I?”
The newly dubbed “Cas” Novak
Like the bachelor party the night before, the rehearsal dinner was a fairly relaxed affair. The group had grown, of course, with the arrival of some more extended family and friends over the course of the day. Jess had confided in Cas that there might be some slight family friction on her end this evening, as she had not invited her (rather horrible) biological father, but had invited his mother. Jess and her sisters had always felt connected with Grandma Esther, she told Cas, who had stayed in their lives after the divorce. Apparently, she had sent Mrs. Moore cookies after the split was finalized, along with a letter in which she called her son’s treatment of the family “horrific”, and begged to be allowed to stay in touch with her granddaughters, even if she had to cut all ties with their father to win their trust. Jan Moore, ever the diplomat, had agreed to the contact without requesting such a disownment, and had apparently gotten along with her former mother-in-law ever since.
“Yeah, alright, sure,” he says, and has the pleasure of watching surprise creep across his brother’s face. Looks like Sam was settling in for an argument. But hey - new world, new Dean, right? Or, same Dean with a new outlook, maybe.
You give me clarity, Archangel. Even in silence. Aren’t you a wonder?
After a minute or two, Dean’s smile faded. “I'm really sorry, Cas,” he confessed.
to, as, no doubt, there will be no response to this letter. You will have no opportunity to withdraw forgiveness. And I maintain that you should not even if you could. You have, in a sense, led me on with this assignment. Teasing a lover of words with requests that will not be acknowledged is as cruel as any false invitation, you see, and I have to believe it is worsened by my isolation within the world. I increasingly understand that new friends, while much appreciated, are no match for deeper kin. Even Meg, who has never once mentioned or answered a question about her family, clearly has a tight-knit clan of old friends, kindred spirits who actively seek her advice and give their own, who can sit on the phone for an hour with no vital words passed and still feel the joy of their familiarity. I find I want that desperately, and since I cannot ever have that from a silent acquaintance, I must end the torture of this hope.
There was a call from the top of the stairs, then, as Sam ducked his head down from the second floor. “Did someone say the cupcakes are—CAS!”
Cas himself spent most of his day with Charlie, Jo, Ellie, and a seemingly endless roll of “J + S” stickers. Unsurprisingly, both Jess and Sam had been concerned about the weather when they decided on a backyard wedding, and, being chronic over-achievers, had built contingency plans to mitigate their guests’ discomfort. Much of this revolved around the huge barn, which could house both the ceremony and the reception if rain were to interrupt their plan to hold the ceremony under the huge tree at the bottom of the yard. But should they get their wish for brighter weather, they also wanted to ensure their guests were protected from the sun and heat, which could be brutal here, even this early in the summer. As a result, Cas’s little group was tasked with adding a little fun wedding personality to nearly 100 pairs each of plastic sunglasses, travel sized bottles of sunscreen and bug spray, and foldable paper fans. The job became tedious pretty quickly, but the company put Cas in good spirits as Ellie and Jo traded dry banter and Addie sprinted around the yard in a world all her own. And if he occasionally found his gaze wandering toward Dean atop a ladder reaching for a high branch, well, no one needed to know. Except, perhaps, Ellen, who had definitely caught him staring at least once. The eloquence of her left eyebrow is truly a marvel, Cas thought as he quickly returned his attention to the sunglasses in his lap.
“Yeah,” Dean said, affect suddenly a bit flat. “You looked cozy enough there with your boy Balthazar, and I didn’t—I didn’t want to… interrupt.”
“Nope,” Cas cut in. “I, too, have the power to use a cellular telephone, Mr. Winchester. I could have bombarded you with annoying texts day and night until you gave in and returned my calls, if I so chose.” He shot raised eyebrows at Dean until the man rolled his eyes in reluctant concession. “But instead I chose to be stubborn and silent and passive aggressive, so that's on me. Please allow me to insert my own apology here, and let's leave it at that. Deal?”
With that, it was as if Cas’s eyes were caught on Dean’s. As they stared at each other, Cas couldn’t help but feel like nothing at all had changed since they were back at school. Their connection was as electric as ever.
Ellen just pronounced him an “Idjit”, and the tension was successfully broken.
“Lord, we are the biggest idiots,” Cas said in wonder, shaking his head at their twin ‘unrequited’ crushes.
Cas’s Dad called around 5:30, hoping to speak with the bride and groom, so Cas wandered through the crowd to find them. He watched in contentment as Chuck gave his love and congratulations over FaceTime, and offered an eloquent blessing on their union in his soft-spoken way. They were both effusive with their thanks, and let their appreciation turn upon Cas in the wake of the call, each hugging him deeply and thinking him for his help and support throughout the weekend. He suspected they might have gone on praising him for ages in the haze of their bliss if Aaron hadn’t called the guests to attention for the next stage of the festivities.
Castiel turned away from the door and pulled the quilt up to his chin. As he reached over to turn off the bedside lamp, he couldn’t help but wonder about his own part in their separation. It was true that Dean shouldn’t have abandoned their friendship over a lover—it wasn’t the Middle Ages, moving away did not eliminate the possibility of consistent conversation. And yes, Cas deserved friends who cared enough to keep current on his life, whatever his inner demons might claim. But was that really so different from how Cas had responded to his friend’s absence? He, too, had looked up from his work one day to realize he hadn’t spoken to Dean in nearly a year. And as soon as he came to that realization, as soon as he had realized that Dean hadn’t been in touch either, he was so blinded by betrayal that he’d stayed silent out of spite.
Ever the shithead little brother, Sam just rolls his eyes. “No, not particularly, but let’s make a trip of it.” When Dean just goggles, he pulls a face. “Come on, Dean, when’s the last time we went on a road trip for a fun reason? Let’s drive out there and have a vacation. Stay for a while. Relax.”
“Yeah?”
In the morning, Castiel returns from his walk to find several things on the front stoop: the slightly depleted container of sugar, a small plastic container full of chocolate chip cookies, and a scrap of paper with the words, “Thanks again! I owe you one – Dean” neatly printed in blue sharpie.
So, that’s mostly what I’ve been working on since I last wrote to you, Archangel. Ghost dragons everywhere! Perhaps this will be my legacy or perhaps not, but it has been a very informative ride, either way.
The next day things get… strange.
Jack. Don’t leave him in that place.”
Cas hadn’t hesitated before agreeing, touched to be so easily included in the wedding party, and rather relieved to be spared the position of wedding photographer. This field was not his specialty, and he would have been terrified about potentially ruining Sam and Jess’s memory of the event due to lack of expertise.
“I sure as hell didn’t!” he exclaimed. His head was spinning.
In any case, I’m not angling for pity here— that is, honestly, the last thing I want. But I guess I hadn’t expected being so thoroughly welcomed to hurt in the way that it did. All the warmth of belonging was plagued by the realization of its absence in my young life. By the loneliness of relying on relative strangers for this kind of display. By the embarrassment of being so surprised in its face. And by the simmering fury, I think, that Naomi never once even considered I might be worth loving so openly. Objectively I know (mostly) that this is her flaw rather than one of my own character, but somehow that makes it no less painful.
Castiel smiles, and decides to just get the awkwardness over and done. “Life’s not precisely ideal,” he admits, looking down at his hands as his smile turns sad. “I’m out of a job, so I’m out of a house, living in my brother’s spare room while he spends all his time at the hospital or sleeping.”
Cas had nodded his agreement at this, pleased to see Sam relax a fraction at his acceptance.
If it hadn’t been such a moment of crisis, Cas would have laughed aloud at Dean’s expression. His body had gone completely taut, his face frozen with his lip between his teeth in some sort of aborted show of nerves. Cas worried he might bite right through that lip in panic.
“I’ll be right there,” Cas says, turning toward his own house. “Let me just run inside for a moment.”
Those green eyes were finally turned Cas’s way again, and he felt his entire focus narrow down to the man taking his hand. “Dean…”
“Yeah. Turned out to be easier to write as someone else, I guess.”
The logic isn’t strong, but logic flew out the window back in March when pro sports first closed down, and Castiel is going to milk that for as long as humanly possible.
There’s also something else, Archangel, and I hope you won’t think me naïve or idealistic for saying it— I simply wish to be honest with you.
Dean chuckled, hopefully at Cas’s look of shock. “What if I told you now?”
That happens to everyone, right? Or is Castiel alone in this?
“It was part of it, for sure,” Cas admitted. “Though, mostly because it alerted me to the disparity in our feelings. It’s never a good sign when one party is thrilled about how ‘meet the parents’ week went over while the other party is ambivalent. Or worse.”
“It’s…” Dean was still staring at the phone screen, frozen. “That’s Sam’s number.”
As you are, apparently, aware, my name is Castiel Novak, I am 22 years old, and I have quite recently graduated from the University of Michigan at Flint. I grew up on a small dairy farm outside Grand Blanc, Michigan, where I was raised by a woman who now fosters a number of children.
If I were feeling particularly poetic, which I am sure Cain would appreciate as a firm believer of the divinity of poetry, I would say that the name of this place refers to more than the lovely grounds themselves. We are a little collective of gardeners here, with instructors offering their expertise to help us come together with all manner of tools to prune and plant, to take stories we assumed to be weeds and fertilize them into flowering. Or perhaps our inner writers are the plants in this scenario, which must be coaxed and nourished into letting stories bloom. Or perhaps I’ve already stretched this metaphor well past the breaking point. In any case, even as winter approaches, I can already see where the buds will form.
“Cheryl – er, Lisa’s mom. She’s super immunocompromised. So I keep my distance from Lis and Ben, and just drop stuff off on the back porch for them sometimes if I’ve been at the store. Hence the socially distant babysitting routine tonight.”
Your humble servant,
That gets him a deep, honest laugh. Success.
As you might have guessed, I accepted Jody’s offer of lodging and employment. I am now the proud renter of the “mother-in-law-suite” behind the large but comfortable home where Jody lives with her partner Donna and their 15-year-old daughter Claire. (Meg says this is a fitting home for me because my “icy burns would make any mother-in-law blush.” That’s a direct quote. I’m choosing to take it as a compliment.) Donna is, on the surface, her wife’s polar opposite. She is the sunshine to Jody’s heat lightning, the perk to Jody’s snark, the Minnesota Ernie to Jody’s South Dakota Burt. She is a fair-haired ball of energy who drops more “sorry’s” and “you betcha’s” than a Canadian life coach, and she knows enough local gossip to talk your ear off for hours on end. She is also the local sheriff. She is a complete delight.
Zachariah did stop but didn’t loosen his grip on Dean. He squinted to try and see who dare disrupt him.
Cas kissed Dean again.
“You’re late,” Castiel said without looking up from his computer.
“I don’t have a choice, Sam.”
They made more small talk before Sam had to go. Good-byes were said with a promise of talking soon and Dean crashed on his bed when he made it back to his dorm.
“Cas?” Sam guessed.
“It means he’s important and in charge of you.”
They ate, sitting on the counter, in comfortable silence. Dean licked his plate clean to get all of the apple pie filling and Cas made a face at him. Dean made a face back and Cas set down his half-eaten pie.
There was a range of emotions on Cas’s face and as they always say, actions speak louder than words. In this case, the action was a kiss.
“Zachariah said you have to work our party tomorrow night.”
“That has to be an understatement,” Charlied laughed. “You were a hot mess, let me tell you.”
“Sam, it’s me,” Dean said.
The next day was his last day off before returning to work. Dean’s stomach got twisted with nerves when he thought of the prospect of returning to the office and seeing Cas. There was no way of knowing how it would go. Maybe Zachariah had been trying to get Castiel to deliver the news that Dean was fired personally. It sounded like Dean’s luck.
Dean nearly choked on his food.
“I’m good,” Dean said.
“I didn’t love any of them.”
“This doesn’t concern you, little cousin,” Lucifer snarled.
“You made a joke,” he observed.
After the service and the Novaks had gone, Dean went closer. He saw the headstone, next to Cas’s parents’, describing Castiel Novak as a beloved son, nephew and cousin. Dean snorted at the irony.
“It’s a Christmas miracle,” Dean joked.
“This…” Dean said, pausing to figure out what he wanted to say. “This isn’t just me, is it? Because it’s a little scary how much I like you, this fast, and if you don’t feel…”
“You think so?”
Dean pouted. Cas laughed and kissed him again, quickly.
In their room, Sam sat on his bed with his arms crossed.
It did take Dean longer than anticipated to graduate so instead of three years, he took four. Between working and not taking the full class load the whole time, it was hard to avoid. Cas knew it would take him four years for his English degree when he was going in so then they could graduate together.
“Zachariah also told me to remind you of your deal,” Castiel stated.
“Why don’t I give you that chance?” Cas smirked, taking one hand to cup Dean’s face and lift it.
But it was still perfect and they were both beaming.
“It’s cute,” Cas pointed out.
“I told you before, I wanted you for a long time and I can make my own decisions. I want to make you feel good,” Cas answered in a low voice. “It is your birthday after all.”
He sat there in his boxers, smoking and drinking, for a while. He had no idea how long. The bottle was significantly lower than when he started and there were four cigarette butts under his feet.
Dean couldn’t form angry enough words to convey the betrayal he felt from his brother going behind his back so he stayed quiet. One coffee wouldn't be enough for Dean to forgive him.
“Serious about proposing marriage,” Zachariah said slowly as if he thought Cas was stupid.
“Did you miss my car more than me?” Dean joked, his smile getting bigger.
“Hiya, Sammy,” Dean said. “How’s school?”
“I’m sorry, Dean.”
The two of them went on a few of the rides like the Tilt-A-Whirl, made out on the Ferris Wheel and grabbed some hot dogs and funnel cakes before calling it a night. As they walked out to the parking lot, three of the worst people either of them knew were walking towards them.
Cas dug his phone out of his pocket and showed Gabriel it had died.
“Yeah,” Sam rolled his eyes. “I’m thirteen now, remember?”
Cas seemed to contemplate the idea while finishing his slice of bread.
“How do you guys do?”
“If those boys want to stay in this school, they will help me become a company leader next year.”
No kiss, and Dean had had plenty, made him feel quite as warm and stunned as the one with Castiel. His whole body buzzed and his lips tingled.
To add to Dean’s stress, Sam said that their father drank more than usual. Dean had to worry about John being stupid and somehow hurting himself or Sam.
“Wait ‘til you start moving,” Dean said, laughing gently.
Cas spent the next hour mentally preparing himself. It would take everything he had to ignore Dean if he decided to keep flirting like he did last night. Everything Dean said made Cas blush and his stomach flutter a little. Cas tried to convince himself he was just lonely and would have appreciated attention from anyone but he knew that was a lie since he rarely felt like this about anyone. Of course he had to have a stupid crush on the last person he should possibly think about like that. It would be in his own best interest to move on. The threat from the police of going to jail for stealing a car if he didn’t do his job here should have been enough motivation to forget about Dean.
By the time he finished, all in one breath, tears had welled up in his eyes and Dean couldn’t believe how selfish he had acted.
Fuck, Dean thought.
“Also, I’ve been in foster homes with younger boys I felt were like little brothers to me,” Cas continued. “So, I do know what it’s like to take care of them.”
The second thing they moved in was a couch to go under the pictures which Cas bent Dean over and fucked him before even touching any other boxes.
“Yes sir,” Dean answered and got out of the car. John quickly looked away again. Sam hopped out too and wrapped his arms around his big brother’s middle, resting his head on his chest.
“I actually promised Sam some bro time so we’re gorging on popcorn and soda until our teeth hurt,” Dean said. “What about tomorrow?”
“We can’t,” Castiel said with a sigh, eyes closed.
“Is she from around here or back home?”
“Oh, what to say that hasn’t been said,” Dean started, nervously scratching the back of his neck. “The usual stuff, family and the friends I made at school. My boyfriend, this meal, the scholarship I have…sums it up. Let’s eat!”
“Sorry, sorry,” Cas said like he wasn’t sorry at all, “meet me at my house tomorrow when you’re done with class and we’ll get to work.”
“I’ll help you, okay?” Dean suggested.
It was the day before Dean’s birthday in January and he was visiting Cas. His actual birthday was a Sunday and he would be spending it with Sam and his dad but for now, he could be with his boyfriend.
“Then, what’s going on? You’re quiet all day, you’re in here for lunch…”
“You need rest. You have a big day tomorrow.”
“What about Lucifer?” Mills asked.
“Gabriel?” Cas called out from his bedroom door.
Cas headed to the kitchen and made coffee while Dean stood in front of Sam’s door, poised to knock. It was clear that Dean was struggling whether to knock or not after their fight last night.
Cas stood and walked over to be an inch away from Dean who felt his body react immediately. His dick twitched as he looked at Cas’s lips, heart sped up as he looked up into Cas’s always black lined eyes.
“Absolutely.”
Cas lined up his cock, put a generous amount of lube over the condom, and caught Dean’s eyes who nodded before Cas slid in torturously slow.
“No, because I’m awesome it does. You know my family shipped me here because I’m gay. Maybe the same thing happened to Dean,” Charlie guessed.
Fuck.
Bobby nodded and Dean laughed before dashing out to his Impala and flooring it to Cas’s.
“Whoa, easy buddy. Good, no, no, maybe, miss you too!” Dean answered rapid fire. He had missed his little brother like nobody’s business. Sam was always so exuberant and now was no exception.
“I’m thinking we hideaway in a motel,” Dean suggested. “Benny and Garth lent me some dough when I said I might run into trouble…”
“No, but I know.”
“Well, it’s not usually a good thing when the cops show up.”
They shared a smile before Sam called for Dean down the hall.
“How’s college? Do anything crazy yet?” Sam asked.
“Who’s Crowley?” Sam asked, confused.
Cas grabbed Dean’s hand without a word and led him to the back of the library to find a door. They laughed softy as they went, slipping through and sneaking to Cas’s room.
At least Castiel was better to look at, Dean reasoned. The guy’s dark hair was all over the place and his blue eyes were magnetic. Dean had thought about Castiel like this before, how hot he was, but it was impossible to do something about it since they worked together and now Castiel was Dean’s boss. Plus, the guy was a prick.
Sam, as he did every year, had everyone go around the table and say what they were thankful for. He had a long list from school to his new friend Jess and then passed it on. Bobby gave a gruff one-word answer of ‘family,’ Rufus mentioned his Jewish faith and John said, ‘Jack Daniels,’ but Bobby glared at him until he mumbled something about his boys and family coming over and a nice meal.
“Hello, Dean.”
Dean didn’t think anything would ever happen with a guy, so he was okay with pushing those thoughts down. But with Cas, Dean didn’t even have a chance. Dean crushed on him, hard, starting right when he first saw him and couldn’t help but kiss him.
Cas stopped smiling but then realized Dean was messing with him and smiled again.
Dean and Sam spent their entire break together. Jess came over a couple times so that Dean could meet her and get to know her and she passed any test he could think of. She and Sam got along really well and were really sweet together. Dean was happy for them.
“Where do you tell Victor you are when you sneak over here during lunch?” Cas asked Dean.
“So either someone changed their mind about living here or the house across the street is getting robbed,” Dean observed.
“What do you want?” Dean snapped, not sitting down.
Later that day, Dean ran into Sam when he finally came home.
“So… should we…watch a movie?” Dean asked. Cas agreed and they sat on the couch, choosing to watch
: so it was. What am I in your phone?
Instead of looking at Dean, he was looking in his lap. It was a repeat of Dean telling him to get out after he learned the truth about him being an informant what felt like ages ago. The world was collapsing and there was nothing to do to fix it.
“I— yeah. Yeah, I think…I think from what you’ve told me—” Dean visibly swallowed, but continued, dispensing with the game in favor of a real answer. “I think it sounds like he’s pretty gone on you but doesn’t know how to tell you.”
A third set of arms joined themselves around the pair as Jo Harvelle’s voice added in wonder, “You made it!”
He wonders for a long time where Jack will draw this line.
unmoored and testing,
Dean and Cas, only a year apart, had connected immediately. Even at 8, Dean had a way of engaging and exciting anyone around him, and that energy kept Cas above water while Mama spent those 2 years in and out of the hospital. After the cancer finally took her, the Winchesters kept Cas and his dad close, inviting them to dinner at least twice a week, helping herd Cas to after school activities when Chuck was “in the zone” with his work, and even bringing the Novaks along on their family vacations.
