“I don’t know how much he told you about this latest one,” Alfie gulped, “but they jumped us when we were in the locker room. Our lockers are kind of at a blind end. You know down the right side as you’re going in?” Dean nodded and Alfie sighed. “Stupid way to design the room, probably a fire hazard, but it means that if you’re down there and someone comes in there’s no way out but past them. Cas had his shirt halfway off over his head and I wasn’t paying attention. One of them came up behind me and slammed my head into my locker door.” He touched his split lip. “I was dizzy, concussed. I tried to grab at one of them, keep them off him, but they know he’s the dangerous one. He’s the one that can fight back. I’m…” Alfie shrugged, gesturing to himself with one skinny arm. “Well I’m no threat. So they went for him. As soon as I could stand again I started making as much of a racket as I could to get someone to come help. It scared them off at least but…” he shrugged.
Dean kissed the top of his head, his breath spreading warm across his scalp. “Yeah well, I’m glad you’re his friend.”
He lost himself in the memory, following it back and back over the past few years, back to Chicago. Back to Alliance. Back through Waterville and frigging Lawrence and all the way to the barn where they’d first met. Cas had been a scary mother back in the day. Probably was again. But those memories inevitably led to the others; Cas’s fall from grace, Dean’s own doing. Sam helping Cas into bed when he was too drunk to stand. Cas calling Sam an abomination. Sam ordering rabbit food for Cas in some shitty diner, telling Dean he was going to clog the angel’s arteries if he fed him one more burger. Back and back and back. All the way to the night he’d broken into Sam’s apartment at Stanford to steal his beer and beat the piss out of him in the dark. He could still see the gargantuan kid standing there, a bitchy frown pinching his face as Jess stepped up behind him.
“Why don’t we get inside?” he suggested, tucking the knife away and wiping his knuckles on his jeans. “I’ll make you guys some burgers or something.”
“Lucifer has a much higher opinion of his ability to keep a secret than he can really justify.” She admitted, clasping her calfskin gloves in front of her. She looked him up and down, no doubt taking in his periodic table t-shirt (it featured an element called Ah!, the element of surprise and had made Gabriel giggle uncontrollably when he’d first tried it on), and scuffed jeans. “You look well.”
“Of course.” Cas leaned across to press a kiss to his cheek. The spring sunshine was brutal through the windsheild, and despite having unbuttoned his waistcoat and rolled up his shirt sleeves after the ceremony the heat still prickled every inch of Cas’s skin.
“Well I’m in.” Kevin chimed in and Dean threw the kid an incredulous look. “What?” Kevin balked. “She saved my life.” He looked at Nikki and Dean saw a suspicious glint in his eyes. Magic based on love, alright.
“Miserable old tightwad.” Ellen muttered. The old grouch was a regular but there was no love lost between him and any of the Roadhouse staff. Ellen had been toying with the idea of banning him for years. He’d never done anything to warrant that measure, though, and she’d said a hundred times or more that once you started banning assholes you ran out of customers real quick.
come back. He was strong, stronger than he’d been in months. He could feel the difference in his muscles, the sure, steady weight of endurance that had replaced the shallow stripe of bottled lightning he’d gotten used to. He was warmed up, his blood pumping and his muscles loose. His head was clear. Not that hollow, buzzing clarity of the last year but the grounded, measured precision he’d worked so hard to get back.
The brass handle was cold in Castiel’s hand but he hung onto it for a moment, staring at his feet as he braced himself. It had been a shock to see Dean and Lucifer shaking hands, and even more of a shock to see Dean’s reaction to his brother’s name.
The bell above the door sounded and the click of high-heels announced Kali. “Castiel, darling.” She purred, pressing her perfectly painted lips to his cheek. “Happy birthday!”
But it was a bit too late now. No doubt his bizarre explosion had put Sam and Jo off, made them realize what others seemed to notice right away: he was strange.
Dean rolled his eyes. “No, Ash. Cas and I are fine.” He and Cas were fucking great. He’d been a little worried when he got his new schedules that Cas would be pissed. Girls he saw usually took the “sorry, gotta work” excuse personally, but Cas took it in stride. He understood why Dean was working every available shift and had greeted the news with a gentle smile.
“You’re welcome Dean.” Cas was staring again and Dean wondered if Cas could see him about to jump out of his own skin. Figuring it would be easier with a little lubrication, Dean snagged a couple beers from the fridge and set them on the end table. Lisa sat expectantly on the couch, her gaze no less fixed than Cas’s and Dean fought the urge to bolt.
Gabriel tilted an eyebrow. “Actually, it is.” He corrected, speaking directly to Rigby and Sanz. The two boys stared at him, their faces pale with fear. “I have already spoken to a lawyer with Kempfer Bishop and he agrees that we have plenty of evidence for a restraining order and assault charges for both of you.”
He really should ask Gabriel to download it for him. Perhaps Sam could give it to him. He wondered how long he would have to work at the garage to afford a new laptop. He’d left his along with his phone and the rest of his life back in his father’s house. He’d used Gabriel’s rather fancy desktop - he played video games almost continually when he wasn’t working - to check his email now and then but as he never received anything but spam he’d given that up.
“Well,” Dean said, “so far I know you were born in upstate New York, your favorite teacher was called Mrs. Heely and she didn’t teach you math. I know you hated living in Delaware but you liked New Jersey because you got to see cows on your ride to school, and you never learned to play cello. I know you always wanted a cat, never had a reese’s cup until you moved in with Gabriel and your favorite coffee is a Viennese, not a ristretto - whatever the hell that is. So, what else should I know about you?”
“Alright, Sam.” He said finally, frowning harder when Sam flashed him a grateful smile. “On two conditions.”
Cas shook his head. “No. Not a scrap of dark magic, though certainly not all white.” he huffed. “I have discerned one thing, however. One name that I believe is meant to both draw in its owner and keep them safe from harm while here. If I’m translating correctly, I mean.” Cas’s pissy frown didn’t do much for Dean’s enthusiasm for that information.
“Hiyo, kid.” He said, stepping into the little room. “So you’re gonna be hanging out with Sam Winchester, hu?”
“My grace?” Cas tried to sit up and Dean finally leaned forward to offer his arm. He propped Cas up on the pillows, biting his lip as he watched Cas look himself over.
“Oh, I don’t know. You get to keep your fiddly bits blessedly free of Lucifer’s pitchfork for a bit longer?” Crowley suggested acidly.
Cas’s head lolled on Dean’s shoulder and he had no idea if the guy was even alive or not. As hard as it had been to keep himself from drowning he doubted Cas hadn’t gotten a few lungfuls of the Red River.
Sam hopped out of the car and trotted towards the bar, calling back over his shoulder, “Don’t make out so long you miss the party!”
“I don’t know.” Cas admitted. “I cannot see how that will seriously strengthen his position, as my supporters are made up almost exclusively of those angels who have watched the earth for the past few millennia. The few who are undecided in this will not likely understand my refusal, but to truly bolster his own supporters Raphael needs to convince my own or Malachi’s followers to convert to his cause. Perhaps he has a more tempting offer for Malachi.”
“You made me a grilled cheese?” Dean couldn’t help laughing. He wouldn’t necessarily have called it a recipe, but he guessed it technically counted as cooking.
“I believe the holy fire might be too much for Gabriel in her current state.” Cas suggested, his forehead pinched in worry. “She is unintentionally warping reality.”
“Yeah.” Gabriel nodded. “I get a little clearer each time…” she shrugged and tapped her sternum again. “At least for a little while.”
There was too much to do to sit here getting all weepy. He’d have to make up the couch with some extra sheets and blankets, have to see about clearing all this shit out of the “office” and setting up a bed in here. If anyone needed their own room with a locking door, after all, it was a seventeen-year-old boy. Gabe knew that from experience. He’d have to contact the school about getting Castiel registered and look into the process of becoming a legal guardian. Maybe Angela and Curtis could take care of the shop tomorrow while he took Castiel shopping for food and some basics and stuff…
“I gotta say,” she grinned, picking up her fork and digging in with gusto. “Gourmet french toast and tampon runs were not exactly what I was expecting from the infamous Winchester brothers.”
“Asshole.” He muttered, running fingers through his disheveled hair. Snickering, Sam held out the other mug of coffee and Dean took it, downing half in one gulp.
Dean fired again but wasn’t as lucky. The bullets ricochetted and the creature ignored them. It slashed its long-fingered hand across Kevin’s belly and the kid screamed. He crumpled to the road and went still.
“Sorry, sorry.” Sam chuckled, wiping at his eyes cartoonishly. He cleared his throat, opened the card, and began to read in an overly-formal tone. “Roses are red, their stems lovely green, in the great state of Kansas,” he looked up, grinning ear to ear, “age of consent is sixteen!”
“Dean,” He said gravely, setting his napkin aside, “Lucifer wore Sam down that hole and there ain’t nothin’ in Heaven or on Earth that coulda broken him out short of starting the damn apocalypse all over again. And I don’t know about you but I haven’t seen hide nor hair of demons topside since Feathers woke me up at Stull.”
“You may have lost your Emmy after all, Sam.” Dean muttered. He’d actually been taken in by the doddering old fart routine. Goddamn he was rusty. Sam ignored him.
He quietly rose and made his way upstairs, unsurprised to find Ellen already seated at the table with a bowl of cereal and a worn paperback.
“You gonna stand there ’til I run out of gas, boy?” Bobby demanded from the driver’s seat. Dean jumped back in the cab and slammed the door, thinking of the weight Cas’s sad little smile had lifted from his chest.
“Of course.” Cas ducked his head in apology before continuing. “In order for us to interact with most humans we need to take on a vessel, the body of a human being.”
“Cool never goes out of style, Dean-o.” Ash informed him, flicking his fingers on an imaginary drum set.
that was Cas. That was the almighty power of Heaven crackling across his skin. “You will return to Hell and make absolutely certain that the cage has not been breeched. Then you will return here and help us to find whatever this is and seal it away or I will burn your mangled, filth-ridden soul from your bones and smile as I do.”
“What’s got you praising the lord all of a sudden?” Jo appeared, leaning her hip on the table and running a hand fondly through Alfie’s hair. Alfie tilted his head into her palm and grinned.
Castiel’s hands were oddly stiff as he unlocked the door to the apartment, drifting inside like a ghost. He stood for a moment in his scarf and gloves, staring at the far wall wondering what on earth he was supposed to do now.
happy for the opportunity to prove myself. To Brady, to Dean, to Chuck and Jo and Ellen and Bobby and even Gabe. But mostly I’m going to prove it to myself, that I can come back fro all that crap.”
“Perfectly fine, Dean.” Cas smiled. He turned, waving his hand to include his brother in the conversation. “Lucifer, you remember Dean.”
“I’ve got an idea on that front.” Bobby ventured, scuffing his cap over his head a few times before settling it back in place. “If angels can’t track it, and hunters haven’t caught wind of it, who else might have an inkling of something that might have snuck out of Hell?”
“I was, uhm, I was wondering how you were.” She mumbled in that same downy, sweet tone. “I know… I heard about Mark and Alex.” When Castiel simply looked at her blankly she explained. “Rigby and Kennedy? I know they were after you because of Raph.”
Cas waited until Dean had picked a spot before settling down next to him, gasping as his butt touched the icy metal.
Cas snorted. “Well that’s not exactly true, is it?” He hated the whine in his voice but couldn’t squash it.
“Cas.” He breathed, his eyes wide and panic-stricken. He was wearing pyjama pants and a ragged t-shirt, his father’s leather jacket thrown on over top and his work boots from the garage unlaced on his feet. Cas carefully straightened, making sure there was plenty of space between his body and Dean’s.
I understand that you’re not too pleased with Raphael’s suspension. Makes him look pretty bad on those college applications. What I don’t understand is what the hell you expect me to do about it.”
“Hey.” Sam smiled, and it was more genuine this time. His affection for his brother couldn’t be dimmed by whatever it was that was eating at him. “Your shift’s in a half hour. I let you two sleep as long as I could.”
“Awesome!” Sam beamed. He glanced around, pausing as he noticed the girl hovering in the gym doorway. “I think someone wants to talk to you, Cas.” he said, elbowing him in the ribs and pointing.
“Hmm.” Cas still looked doubtful, something dark lurking behind his eyes. His lips parted on an unnecessary breath and Dean tried not to think what else the angel had seen in his head.
Dean blinked, leaning far over onto Cas’s side of the car and inhaling deeply. A steel belt tightened around Castiel’s throat, refusing to let any air pass as Dean closed his eyes, his nostrils flaring as a small flash of teeth glinted from between his parted lips.
“Picked up some midol and chocolate bars, too. Figured you might need them. And if you don’t I’m sure Sam will next time he throws a bitch fit.”
Dean looked to where Sam was already disappearing up the porch. “Yeah, he’s pretty freaky, hu? Not sure I really trust him at all.”
Dean was burning a pot of mac and cheese when he heard Brady’s car door slam outside. The furious stomp of those big Sasquatch feet on the stairs told him Sam was pissed, probably rehearsing his “Dean, how can you be such an ass” speech for the hundredth time since they’d locked eyes at the field. The door flew open, slamming into the wall at the same time Sam’s gear thunked on the dingy carpet. Dean winced. He could feel the bitchface on the back of his neck before he even turned around, listening to the whistle of breath through Sam’s undoubtedly flared nostrils.
“He needed it.” Nikki said casually, stretching her arms until her shoulders popped. “He was in really bad shape.”
“SAMMY!” Gabe appeared as if summoned, one arm wrapped around Jo’s neck and the other laden with a tray of fresh scones. “I see you’ve met the little bro! Castiel, this is Sam Winchester and Jo Harvelle. They’re friends of mine, which means they’re shameless moochers.”
“He pulled me out, chucked me back in my body and left me to dig my way out of my own grave.” Dean’s smile was a raw and bloody thing.
Gabriel sniffed as he swung the front door open. “We are the wise and wily Novaks, and we never reveal our secrets.”
“It was the worst, most hard-hearted thing I’d ever heard you say and I knew it had come straight out of our father’s mouth.” Gabriel growled. “I sat you down in that freezing cold park and told you how wrong you were. I told you that loving people who were less fortunate than us, weaker than us, was what made us good people. I told you that judgement is reserved for the Lord and that you should never let your heart harden to the misfortunes of your fellow men. And then we went home.”
Flames ripped through his chest as he recalled the broken wheeze, Sam calling his name from behind that stupid beige door.
“Just pray, Dean.” Sam sighed, his crutch creaking as he stood. “Kevin and I will be playing cards over at the table. Just pray and see if you can fall asleep.”
Dean had been pretty tight-lipped about the whole thing. He was surprised it had taken the kid this long to ask, really. “I don’t know.” He admitted. “Cas showed up, looked like shit. He busted down the doors and said Sam was dying. Then he started talking to someone who wasn’t there,” at least he really fucking
“We had a little help.” Sam piped up, hauling himself upright and leaning across the aisle to speak softer. “Bela showed up.”
“Peachy, Bobby.” Dean sneered sarcastically. “Some slimy piece of hell-scum is wearing Sam to prom, AGAIN. I’m doing the freaking conga over here, man.”
“You ladies get blitzed by a plow or something?” Gabriel asked, foaming up milk for one of their orders.
Maybe that was the girl that was left after juvie. After getting clean and doing her community service, maybe she was different. Sam was certainly different than the boy who had showed her how to kick out the panels on the Impala’s steering column and strip the ends of the starter wires. Wouldn’t he want another chance? At least to tell her he was sorry?
“My mom might be able to help out.” Hannah offered, and Cas vaguely recalled that her mother was in law enforcement.
“I didn’t think Lilith would show her face tonight.” Sam explained, slowly relaxing as he let the words spill. Cas just listened, hoping that maybe that was what his friend needed. “And seeing the - in her hand… just
What had made those boys so hateful? What pleasure did they get in degrading people? He didn’t for a second wonder what he had done to deserve such treatment. He knew, as he’d known when his father struck him and told him he was evil, that this brutality had nothing to do with him. He had not invited it by being who he was. This was about who
Gabriel hovered in the doorway, worry all over his expressive face. Castiel sighed. He was tired of that too.
Blond chick - he really should ask her name again, was it Liz? - was kinda boring but hot as hell in a tight black catsuit. She didn’t seem phased by the many, many shots they’d shared and Dean had to admit he found that kinda sexy.
Dean leaned against the rune-scattered wall of Bobby’s panic room with his arms crossed, glaring as the old hunter dropped something green and spiky into a brass bowl. Lisa and Ben were tucked up in Ben’s room behind a layer of wards so thick Dean wasn’t even sure air could get through. Cas had assured him multiple times that no demon could penetrate it. If all went to plan Crowley wouldn’t be able to tell there was anyone else in the house. Given how often things actually went to plan for them, Dean was still pretty pissed about the whole thing.
“Shit, Cas!” Dean exclaimed, letting go and stumbling back a step. Adrenaline roared through his veins, making his palms itch. “Oh, man, sorry!” Logically he knew the knife wouldn’t have hurt Cas - it hand’t even made him twitch back when they first met - but there was something about the handle sticking out of him, moving when he moved, that made Dean feel like he might puke.
Sam stood across the street from the cafe, trying to remember the last time he’d gone to a coffee shop that wasn’t Reynard’s. He didn’t know exactly how long ago it had been but he knew who he’d been with, who had convinced him to favor the bright flourescent lights and obnoxious
“No.” Dean said guiltily, “I forgot Bobby was going fishing with Rufus for the week. They have a cabin up in Montana they run to a few times year. He’s back Monday so I’ll ask him then.”
“I think if we wait any longer we’ll all be comatose.” Sam sighed. Gabriel hopped up, belched loudly, and grabbed the first present. It was a narrow box and after reading the neatly engraved label Gabriel walked it over to Sam.
Cas reached out and tentatively touched a pair of chinos on the nearest stand. “Where do I even start?” he mumbled and it hit Dean. Cas had never had to think about clothing before. Yeah he’d worn it over the years, but he’d always been provided with it, just told what to wear. Jimmy’s get up was practically a part of his vessel, never a choice he made. Even when Cas was Emmanuel Dean figured his wife - that Daphne chick - probably just laid his clothes out on the bed every morning like June Cleaver or some shit. And now, newly human, and after all the crap they’d been through, a rack of fucking chinos was scaring the shit out of Cas.
“Dean!” a familiar voice broke in on his reminiscence, and Dean turned to see Lisa’s friend Talia waving him over. He grabbed the folding chairs from the trunk and trotted over, plastering his not-quite-a-smile on for show.
Sam’s smile turned wry. “One that’s just the two of you, I mean. No siblings, no friends, just you two. Have you done that?”
Cas leaned back, searching Dean’s face for any sign of distress. He was smiling easily, if tiredly. “It wasn’t your father?”
“Don’t try to kink-shame me, Winchester. It can’t be done.” Gabriel sniffed, diving her sticky oatmeal spoon straight into the sugar bag and sticking a whole spoonful in her mouth. “And besides,” she swallowed, “I know a few naughty stories about you that the kid might like to hear. Play nice or I’ll tell him. Remember Tallahassee?” Dean blushed, a sudden vision of being sixteen years old, long blonde hair, skinny legs and an embarrassingly fast end to the night filling his brain. Lisa raised an amused eyebrow and Ben looked caught between shocked and eager. Gabriel grinned.
How could he care so little about himself? How could he not see that this shit was more serious than he was making it out to be? This wasn’t just some bullies picking on their favorite target. These little sickos were out for blood. And Cas playing the hero was like waving a red flag at a bull.
“Creation is reserved for God alone. If we could have done that you and Sam wouldn’t have even been necessary for the Apocalypse to take place.”
“-but he’s pretty tough.” She continued. “Back in Persia a few thousand years ago I got waylaid by a bunch of morons - long story, not that interesting - and while I was busy dealing with those idiots Balthazar took out a whole legion of demons on his own. He and Cas are from the same garrison, and you’ve seen what Cas can do, right?”
Gabriel snorted. Castiel drifted into the kitchen, finding the corkscrew and pulling down a dark bottle from the rack atop the refrigerator.
And now she was back, beautiful and sad and just wanting to talk.But that’s where it had all started before. Talking. About their lives, about their problems, about the things neither of them let the rest of the world see.
I’m trying to get as much written during October as possible, as work has me travelling quite a bit in November. I’m also going to try to complete NaNoWriMo for the first time ever. It’s something I’ve always wanted to do but never felt I could follow through with. The support I’ve received on this site is a huge part of what’s made me think I might actually be able to do it this year, so I can’t thank you all enough for that. The little catch of this newfound confidence is that I think it’s going to be a very slow month in terms of updates. Sorry guys. I will try to sneak at least two in but I can’t make any promises. Please stick with me, I promise a flood of updates in December to make up for it!
“For fuck’s sake, Gabe!” Sam cried, whacking at Gabriel’s head with the textbook. It made a very satisfying
“I guess you heard about Cassie’s little insurance debacle, too, huh?” Michael must have been bragging about kicking Cas off the family plan. Douche.
“He’s right.” Anna cut them off, her voice ringing. “My prayers were for my own sake as much as yours. The guilt I felt for not standing up when I knew our father was wrong has been consuming me.”
“Sorry, sorry.” Dean snickered. “No, sorry. That’s not funny.” He took a deep breath to gulp down the giggles.
“Account nickname.” Cas read. “Ca-” his throat threatened to close as the words registered, but he pushed them out. “Cassie’s College.”
“What do you want, Kennedy?” Cas demanded. He made sure to speak loudly, hoping Sam and Brady might hear him anyway.
“A petty narcissist who surrounds himself with the fawning and cruel, tying them to his banner by money and incapable of conceiving of a larger world in which he is just another single, lonely soul gripping desperately to the illusion that he is in some way in control of his life.” Cas said bluntly.
The living room looked exactly the same as it had forty minutes ago which was bizarrely jarring. Dean had beaten Cas to the kitchen, his jeans hanging low on his hips and his skin glowing in the pendant lights as he rummaged in the refrigerator. Gooseflesh rippled up his bare arms, as he turned with a load of random foods in his arms and a smile on his face. Cas poured two glasses of water and sat down across the island from Dean.
“I’m sorry it cannot be permanent.” Castiel said gently, bending down so he was eye level with Ganem. The old man shook, his gnarled fingers clamped onto his arm rests. “You were blinded by a demon, a very powerful one, weren’t you?”
“Come on, princess!” the girl clipped, sending a handful of salt spraying into a demon’s eyes. It screamed and burned.
Snatching a glass from the cupboard he reached up on top of the fridge for the emergency whiskey. It was still half-full and Dean figured since he hadn’t thought to steal some extra pie from Gabe’s that afternoon this was pretty much all he had to keep him from climbing the wall. As his fingers closed around the bottle he frowned. Was something stuck to the back of it?
Dean was too distracted to make a comeback. He downed his coffee and threw himself into his work, focusing on the weight of the tools in his hands, the rhythm of his breaths as he sank into it. It didn’t shut out the raging panic in his mind, but it soothed it a little.
He followed the plan he had laid out weeks and weeks ago to the letter, and yet every single new sensation was a shock to Cas’s system. It was overwhelming and not enough even when the pleasure bordered on actual pain. When Cas came, it was with his thighs clamped around Dean’s head and his fists yanking greedily at Dean’s hair, just as Dean had promised.
“I’d like to see you try.” Lucifer’s grin was ruthless. He and Gabriel really were very alike sometimes, thought Cas. “But noted. I’ll keep my mischief to a minimum.”
“You really are unstable, aren’t you?” Castiel murmured, his voice even huskier than usual. He looked about ready to collapse and Dean leaned closer to him, ready to catch him if he had to.
“Our parents have been gone a long time now.” Sam said softly, managing to look serenely mournful as he dipped his head in mock pain. “It’s just my brother and me.” Sam cast a shy glance at Dean and Grace made a little hiccuping sound, clearly taken in. She pressed her fingers to her mouth, her eyes huge. “We’ve never really known where we came from.” Sam explained. “We don’t have any other family left - except Cas here. He’s been helping me research.” He spared a warm, gooey smile for the angel. Cas just blinked at him. “And when I found out Mr. Ganem might be our great uncle, and that he was still living here I got so excited…” he shrugged, a convincing blush creeping up his cheeks. “You were right Dean,” he fretted, shuffling his feet and shoving his hands into his pockets as if embarrassed, “we should have called first. We can come back!” he shot Grace a pleading puppy-dog look and Dean watched her melt.
He unfolded from the darkness like a fucking popup book, miles of leg and arm and goddamn hair straightening up in the rain and letting Dean’s eyes hit him like a freight train.
“There’s lots of different styles of jeans and that brings me to point two: comfort.” He threw the pair he was holding over Cas’s shoulder and picked up a few more. There was a dark gray pair that looked pretty cool - those went over Cas’s shoulder too - and a ridiculous pair of skinny jeans at the end of the rack. He picked them up to show Cas.
Deans fingers ached where they clutched the steering wheel. He stared straight ahead, shoulders squared. “I’m… I’m sorry. That wasn’t… I want you to be ok. And I want you to… care when bad shit happens to you.”
Dean sauntered through the lobby of Lawrence High, a film of nostalgia thick on every door and corkboard. Not so long ago he’d been prowling these halls, chasing cheerleaders and ditching class like a pro. Dean might have changed a lot in the intervening year and a half, but Lawrence High sure as hell hadn’t. Everything was exactly the same, from the brightly colored banners for the drama club to the flyers for some shitty student band. Even the graffiti bleeding through the paint on the mens’ room door was still there. It was like stepping back in time. Just the smell of industrial floor polish brought back memories of Jenny Canto in the music room that were enough to curl his toes in his boots.
Silence reigned in the car for a solid minute before Brady made another attempt at conversation. “You, uh, you play any sports, Castiel?”
“You know about Sam’s accident, right?” Bobby asked, picking up a bottle of window cleaner and a fresh shammy and handing them across the windshield. Castiel took them and nodded. “Yeah, well Dean’s car looked just like this one. Total wreck. For a while we weren’t sure the old girl was gonna come back to life. Weren’t sure Sam was either, for that matter.” Bobby’s face grew dark, his fists bunching as he stared at his reflection in the glossy hood. “Couldn’ta pried Dean outta that hospital chair with crowbar til his brother woke up, and once he did Dean was in here for a month solid bringin’ his baby back to life.” Bobby scuffed a palm across his forehead. “Never seen anyone so hell-bent on fixing things as that boy.”
Gabe snorted. “Classic Lucy tell. Guy’s gotta be pretty wound up to come out here in secret. He didn’t even tell Michael. What do you think he wants?”
She didn’t seem bothered by the obviousness of his statement. “Are you ready for gym?” she asked rolling her eyes broadly. He wasn’t sure whether that was a commentary on himself or gym in general.
“You have a very strong heart, Dean.” Cas murmured into his skin. He splayed one hand over Dean’s chest, watching his fingers as though he could see Dean’s heart beating under them. “Like the sun.” Dean just stared at him.
“What’s the second problem?” Dean asked, really wanting to watch Cas tear into the undoubtedly extravagant gifts from his dickhead brother.
“If anything,” Sam said, clapping Cas’s shoulder, “his taste seems to be improving. At least I can talk to you, unlike his usual… oh.” Sam blushed and Cas fought down a little surge of jealousy. He was well aware how Sam had intended to end that sentence. “Sorry.” Sam warbled. “I just meant I think you two will be good for each other.”
They drove in peaceful, chilly silence for nearly an hour, right out of the city and through the flat Kansas countryside. Cas started snoring somewhere around Grantville and Dean resisted the urge to blast Metallica at him. The kid had been having it rough and as funny as it was to watch someone snap out of sleep to the stomp of Ulrich’s bass drum - that was usually how he kept up on which swears Sammy knew - he just didn’t have the heart.
A flash of knuckle on bone, brick ripping at his hair. Dean nodded. “Got it.” Cas wouldn’t hesitate to beat Dean unconscious and zap him back here to keep him safe. Good to know. “Now let’s do this. Bobby, you’ll look after Lisa and Ben?”
He thought about this as he made his way to the cafeteria, sighing as he realized he was too late to find a free table. The place was teeming with students and his ears immediately started buzzing. He curled in on himself, trying to make himself as small as possible as he wormed his way towards the lunch counter. Gabriel had begun packing him lunches. It was a kind gesture but they usually included far too many sugary treats for Castiel to be able to stomach them, especially right before gym class. He grabbed an only slightly browned banana, hoping that would be enough to supplement whatever gooey goodies Gabriel had selected for him today.
“I’m sorry.” Cas blurted, a pretty red flush spreading across his cheeks. Dean watched its progress with his tongue between his teeth. God damn it, Cas was gorgeous. He snapped out of his distraction when he noticed Cas’s breathing. It was off, too fast and short. Dean looked at him - really looked - and saw fear written all over his face.
“Lucy here’s been stroking every single nerve he could get his slimy fingers on since he walked through that door.” Gabe explained, tipping his chair back on two legs. “Quite subtly, too. Stanford, Ash’s truck, Ellen’s furniture. Not sure why, but he decided the way to approach this afternoon was to be as colossal a pain in the ass as possible until someone snapped.”
Dean took a minute to push his nose into Cas’s hair, ignoring the faint lingering traces of booze and weed and soaking in the smell of Cas himself. It was a nice smell, like wind and cedar. Most people he woke up next to (most
“Oh. The television show you like.” Cas said, wishing he hadn’t blushed at the word ‘sexy’. He hoped his makeup did a better job covering it than Alfie’s had.
Dean was stuck. He wanted to grab Cas and kiss him for all he was worth - had it really been two days since he’d gotten to actually kiss him? Unacceptable. Still, making out in front of his older brother was a pretty dick move, especially with the whole homophobia thing. The problem was solve for him when Cas raised himself on his toes and kissed Dean’s cheek, his lips warm and dry.
“But,” continued Sam, “Jo can’t go because she’s covering for Pamela. And Alfie doesn’t do very well at big parties. I just, I’m kind of…” he shook out his hair again. “Look, you know that I was messed up last year.” Castiel nodded again. “Well a lot of the stupid shit I did last year happened at parties. That’s why I haven’t gone to any this year. I’m just worried…” he huffed in frustration.
Balthazar stretched his wings, casting shimmering shadows across the grass and brushing softly over Ebele’s brow. “It’s going to be a rough road dragging angels out of the old order and into your new world, Castiel.” He sighed.
“Don’t know about him, yet.” Bobby admitted. “But with Feathers around he’s probably not going far. Am I right?”
“And Cas was really upset.” Continued Sam in his best ‘you cannot assault my logic’ voice. “I didn’t want to tell you he’d forgive you if he wasn’t going to.” Dean grumbled into his coffee cup and Sam pressed on. “Besides, would you have rather have heard it from him, or from me?”
“Why did she want to meet with you?” he asked, proud of how calm he sounded. He looked up to find Sam smiling gratefully.
“Cas!” he looked up to find Sam pushing through the crowd, his eyes widening at the spill of photos. “Oh shit. They’re here too.” He said.
“Of course now that I’m older Gabriel seems to have no reservations about involving me in his nastier pranks. His ‘headliners’, as he calls them. A month ago I discovered a bit too late that he’d replaced the brand new deodorant in my stick with cream cheese. That was a very unpleasant sensation.”
“Powerful white witches are kind of rare,” Lou said, taking over while Nikki stuffed more egg in her mouth. “We tend to fly under the radar. Good gardeners, good healers, that kind of thing. Not much oraginization in the community. That’s part of Miss Delphine’s mission, to get us organized enough to protect one another. A lot of us don’t even realize what we are. My sister is one of the most powerful white witches in the last five hundred years.”
Cas drew in a sharp breath, his blue eyes flashing in a mixture of rage and sorrow. “The day you almost said yes to Michael.” He grated. Bobby growled low in his throat and Cas’s shoulders bunched angrily beneath his coat. Dean felt a crackle of energy snap through the room. The hairs on the backs of his arms stood up. The air tightened against his face and even Lisa seemed to feel the change. She shrank back against the dusty cushions, eyes wide on the angel.
Bobby tapped a calloused finger against the fender and nodded. “Had a hell of a time on the body work. Nearly threw out his shoulder hammering all the dents out. Normally this woulda taken a couple months at least but Dean’s been at it nonstop for two weeks now. Can’t pull him off it. Had to replace the roof, the whole front end. She was a complete wreck. Reminded me even more of… Don’t know why I didn’t see it myself when she came in.”
“Why have you come here?” Castiel asked bluntly, letting go of the door handle and leaning against the filing cabinet.
Sam’s eyebrows were practically merging with his hairline. “What makes you say that?” he asked carefully.
“Your dad would love this, right Mark?” Raphael cooed, pushing harder. A trickle of blood flooded Cas’s nose and he coughed. “You fuck him up with the knife he gave you, finally show him your the man he wants you to be?”
“Okay. So we bust ‘em.” Dean shrugged. His skin was practically vibrating as his system flushed wish adrenaline. Finally something he could do. “What are we waiting for?”
Cas nodded and clutched at Dean’s bicep. “Yes.” He breathed, all sleep-rough and gravelly. Dean fastened his lips on Cas’s neck and sucked, lathing the skin with his tongue as Cas groaned. He tried to roll his hips up into Dean’s but Dean lifted himself away. He bit down instead, sparks sizzling through his brain as Cas cried out.
Bobby tromped down the stairs, an earthenware jug covered in Enochian symbols under one arm. Cas stared at it, his shoulders tensing just slightly but Bobby just nodded at him. He went to the side of the door, popping a small cap on an iron tube inscribed with wards.
Dean’s laughter choked off, his grip tightening in Cas’s hair. “We’re not really going to do this with our brothers right outside the door, are we?” he asked, rough-voiced. The look in his eyes didn’t say he was entirely against it.
He was surprised to find Sam waiting for him just outside the door, leaning on the locker and glaring daggers at Raphael’s retreating back as he and his flunkies disappeared down the hallway.
Dean barely had a second to breathe for the first four hours, let alone piss. Paige was zipping around like a humming bird on steroids, taking care of tables with the new girl while he manned bar. By the time it finally slowed down a bit he had a wad of cash in his pocket in tips and he was aching from head to food. There was also a new ass planted in one of his barstools.
Cas frowned at him. “Dean, if any of this were intentional it would not be able to break through that room. The fact that she can affect us even outside of all those protections means she’s minutes away from collapsing in on herself.”
“Music.” Cas said. “Violin. I was terrible.” Dean laughed and Cas tilted a smile up at him. “Michael used to say it was like a cat being thrown into a wood-chipper.”
Castiel bit down on a sigh and nodded. “Of course.” He stepped back, letting Alfie take his place across from Becky and pulling his mask off. He ignored the way Hannah flinched at his bruises and the dark look that crossed Virgil’s face. He was sweating, still disgustingly out of shape despite months on the team. Not really shocking, when he considered that they met twice a week at most. In Albany he had practiced twice a day, training until his fingers could barely grip his foil. That had been one of the major reasons he had refused to continue when they moved to Connecticut but he had to admit his laziness came at a steep price. Coach Fry would be appalled if he could see Castiel now.
“I’m fine.” Cas assured him softly, placing his hand on Gabriel’s to keep him from touching the stitches. It seemed everyone wanted to touch them.
Ash ignored him. “Poor widdle Deany,” he cooed, clasping his hands dreamily beneath his chin. “Missing his widdle pal.”
“That’s up to you.” Dean flared. Cas stepped a fraction of an inch closer to him and Dean forced himself to relax again.
“Pleasure to meet you, Alfie.” Castiel murmured, looking him over. He had the right build for a fencer, lithe and wiry to present a small target, long limbs that could reach an opponent without exposing himself to strikes.
Ellen smiled at him, her eyes all soft and twinkly. “I heard.” She said. “Joanna Beth was just about bubbling over with it.”
The owner’s teenage son had borrowed the car (apparently without permission to impress a girl), driven her into a guard rail and nearly over the edge of a small (but definitely big enough) gorge.
It was long, silent drive back to Lawrence, broken only by the slam of Cas’s door when they reached Reynard’s.
He shoved his t-shirt up and ran his fingers over his ribs, remembering the way Dean touched him there sometimes. So gentle but with such deliberate intention that it never failed to send Cas leaning further into him. He moved faster, squirming as his head flooded with thoughts of Dean. Every kiss, every touch, he was going mad with it. He tried to focus, to bring it down to just one moment that he could savour. Dean’s head dropping onto his shoulder as Cas gripped him gently. The broken little huff of air against his neck. The hope that if he had dropped to his knees in that moment Dean would not have stopped him, would have been powerless to fight off his own need for Castiel…
- but before it could really take hold Raphael went on. “You are going to kiss Mark’s fucking boots, you’re going to lick them like the disgusting little faggot you are and you are going to
“Could we just keep in mind that this is my brother we’re talking about before this goes further?” Sam pleaded.
“Hello, Dean.” Cas growled, making Dean pause. The angel looked pissed as hell, his jaw clenching as he searched Dean’s face and body with a quick glance. “You are unharmed?” he asked.
Sam gave him a familiar “oh, come on, Dean” sort of smile. “Gabriel isn’t stable enough to be moved, and there’s no way you would leave Bobby on his own to handle both of us with Lisa and Ben in the house, especially when Gabriel can’t go in the panic room.”
Crowley froze, his entire being shifting in an instant. The slick salesman was gone, and Dean caught a glimpse of feral terror on his face.
Castiel blinked and tore his eyes from the spectre of his brother at the door. “I don’t know.” He breathed, feeling blank as a sheet of paper. What could Lucifer possibly be doing here? Hadn’t Michael told Gabriel that Castiel was no longer part of the family? Weren’t their ties severed?
“What has the juice to set up those wards?” Bobby asked suspiciously, propping his gun against the window casing.
getting in fights. His face when it was over… he was angry, and upset, but mostly he was just… I don’t know. Tired.”
Again, I know a lot of you probably don’t care much about this but it’s been on my mind and really bothering me that something I’ve loved has this weird creepy element flowing through it. Thanks for the support and I hope you like the rest of this going forward. If you feel differently about this that’s okay, but this is what I feel is right and I just felt I needed to address it.
“I don’t know.” Dean said, digging his arm until it was under Cas’s waist and stroking a calloused finger against his lower back. “I’m exhausted enough that I might just let you have your way with me tonight.”
“Right.” They stood for a moment, just staring at one another, until Dean began to shift his weight uncomfortably. “Well, nice to meet you, Castiel. I got to go, but don’t let those assholes push you around, alright?”
“And the Emmy goes to.” Dean grumbled. Even minus a soul Sam could weasel his way into anyone’s confidences, apparently.
“Oh, you mean when your son threatened my little brother for talking to his girlfriend, when your son had his thugs beat my little brother bloody, or when your son had them spray paint “faggot” across my little brother’s locker?” Gabriel demanded, all pretence of civility dropped. “Oh, no. You mean that your son got suspended for being hammered on school property. Well that had nothing to do with Castiel, he just happened to be standing near Raphael when Chuck Shurley walked by. Bad luck for everyone, I guess.”
“Oh, can it Samantha. You wouldn’t know good drama if it punched you in the face. Cas? Back me up on this. I make a good Dr. Sexy, right?” He spun a teetering turn.
Hoping she was making some kind of joke he turned back to the case. “I had no idea there were so many kinds. I’m really not sure what kind she wants.”
Sam slowed further, staring at the glittering stream of Jo’s hair as she strode along ahead. “What else did she say?”
He double parked outside Gabe’s, blocking the runt’s Camaro in and not giving a damn. Reynard’s looked packed as usual but Dean ignored it and rang the bell for the apartment. Some lights were on in the windows so Cas was probably home. He waited, trying to resist the punch in his gut that said something bad was up. Half an eternity later the buzzer went off and Dean flicked away another stab of unease. Cas always came down the stairs to let people in. But it was fine. He was probably just not feeling great.
“Well isn’t this a cozy little pow-wow.” Grinned Gabriel, swaggering in like he owned the place. At five feet, seven and a half inches he still managed to carry himself like he was the tallest one in the room. Cas had always found that very comforting for some reason.
Kennedy rolled his eyes. “Not the Android, you dipshit.” He spat and Raphael straightened at the insult. Cas wondered if Kennedy had ever dared speak to him that way before. “Yours, Mark.” Kennedy said. Rigby glared at him but Kennedy stood straight. He pointed to Cas where he crouched in the snow. “You cut him up and you’re going down for assault, maybe attempted murder. That’s not juvie, that’s
“Hey, Chuck!” Dean grinned, slapping the smaller man on the shoulder. He’d never gotten into the habit of calling the principle anything else, even when he was a student.
“Well, congratulate you, I suppose.” She shrugged. “I didn’t quite manage to dodge my contract, as you can see. And while I hear you were the one to do the deed, Sam, I can’t really fault Dean for not ripping Lilith’s head off himself.” She winked at Dean. “From what I hear you tried your best, dear.”
“If I’m going to take fencing back up I need to build up a bit more muscle.” Castiel explained, elated when Alfie gave a surprised whoop of laughter.
Cas shrugged. “I always lived close enough to school to walk or one of my siblings would drive me. I had no need for a car as all the functions I attended at church were with my family and I didn’t have any friends.”
“Here,” he said, catching them before they could leave. “Take these.” He dug a few lemon bars from the dregs left in the display case, wrapping them in wax paper and passing them over. The students grunted gratefully and made their way out while Cas typed in the code to open the register and find the keys.
“No.” Dean had grunted, the last shred of hope he hadn’t even known he was still clinging to slipping between his fingers. His eyes stung, he couldn’t breathe. It wasn’t Sam. That thing down in the basement… it wasn’t his brother. He’d stumbled out onto the porch, sitting against the wall of the house with his head in his hands while Cas filled the others in. He needed to think.
“L-“ Cas glanced at Dean and bit his lip. “Someone,” he back-pedalled, “was attempting to kill me,” Cas explained in his usual blasé tone, as if it happened every day. Which, Dean supposed, it pretty much did since Cas had started hanging out with him. “I had agreed to help Dean with a somewhat foolhardy plan.” he paused, twitching his eyebrows up at Dean before clearing his throat. “This someone succeeded. Jimmy’s soul escaped when my vessel was destroyed, and me along with it.”
He tried to remember the days when a stiff drink and a bar fight was enough to clear his head. Maybe a roll in the sheets with some cute bartender. Once upon a time that had been all it took to buck Dean Winchester back up into his wise-cracking, ass-kicking self. But that was before. Before Hell. Before he’d become one of the things he hunted, one of the things that hurt people. One of the things that killed his mom. There weren’t any quick fixes anymore, no bandaids to stick this shitty skin he dragged on every morning back together. There was nothing that could erase how badly he’d fucked up, how far he’d let Sam down, even for a couple hours. Still, that didn’t stop him wishing he had a hunt. Something he could take down on his own. A ghost, a vampire or two. Something he could stab. That was all he was good for anymore. Maybe it always had been.
Gabriel laughed until tears streamed down his face. “Free hot chocolate for everyone who had to witness that hot mess!” he cried, wiping his eyes. Another little cheer went up and Gabriel retreated behind the counter, chucking the rest of the macarons in the trash.
“Who’s this stiff?” Jo asked, pointing to the door where a tall blond man in a black overcoat was peering over the heads of the crowd, his blue eyes searching. They landed on Castiel, widening slightly, and Cas felt his heart constrict in his chest. He went absolutely still, his straw still stuck to the corner of his mouth as the man just stared back at him, something between a smile a frown on his stubbled face.
He crossed to the bed, lowering himself back until he lay flat against Cas’s comforter. He could practically hear Cas’s heart rate spiking as he tilted his head back against the pillows and breathed in, letting his ribcage expand and his back arch.
Dean shook his head. He knew, if he was being honest. He knew Cas was careful, smart. But it wasn’t enough. Dean sighed and turned to Benny. “You saw his face?” he asked. Benny nodded. “You saw what he let those assholes do to him?”
Anyway, please enjoy some late Valentine’s cuteness and hopefully I’ll have more for you soon. Everyone’s collective shit is together, nothing horrible is currently at this very moment looming, and Cas’s birthday is DAYS away. Here we go!
“And I’m very grateful for that. I don’t think I could have forgiven myself if you’d landed in danger. I meant what I said yesterday, Castiel. We still love you, even Michael. Though as Gabriel has pointed out Michael can be a bit of a… ahem, ‘douche canoe’.” Cas couldn’t contain his giggle as Lucifer used air quotes. “I don’t understand this person you’re becoming but I would like to try, if that’s something you want.”
She glanced over his shoulder, here eyebrows shooting up. “No wonder you needed so much butter.” She laughed.
“You’re Dean Winchester, right?” she asked with a twangy drawl, smiling when he glared at her offered hand.
much enjoyed the sight of Dean all wrapped in finely cut charcoal wool. In fact he’d had some extremely inappropriate thoughts about his boyfriend in that coat. Most of the scenarios he’d imagined would have required the garment to be dry-cleaned sharpish. “You have been talking to Gabriel, too, then?” he asked, changing the subject again.
“Looks awfully familiar, doesn’t she?” Dean observed sourly, unable to keep the enmity out of his voice.
Dean shrugged. “He’ll get over it.” He said, flashing a reassuring smile. “Honestly it’s probably better he was here.”
Dean reminded himself sternly. He swung out of the car and sucked in a lungful of fresh air, shaking himself head to toe. He wasn’t gonna shove this fucked-up whatever-non-crush thing on Cas. He was gonna grin, bear it, and wait it out, goddamnit.
Cas looked mildly offended. “I am more concerned with keeping you out of danger right now than avoiding gossip among my siblings.” He said stiffly.
It was like a tiny electric shock. Not enough to hurt, just enough to flick through every cell in Dean’s body and make him stand up straight.
After only a moment Sam sighed and carefully placed a post-it at the top of his current page. “Alright. I guess so.”
“No.” She said again, a faint smile showing. “I deleted the messages I sent you, and the call from his phone log. And of course Michael knows nothing at all.”
Castiel frowned. “What do you mean?” he asked, noting the hard glint in Bobby’s eyes. The impala was pristine. Dean always made sure of that. Castiel said as much and Bobby gave him a funny look.
“Woah.” He breathed. Well there was the family resemblance he’d missed the other night. No one but Cas had ever said ‘Hello, Dean’ with such intensity before, like maybe his next words were a matter of life or death.
“Lift your head.” Dean said, shoving a pillow under it when Cas complied. Dean was already in a wrinkled t-shirt and his own set of sleep pants, a pale blue that just asked for Castiel’s fingers to curl into the fabric. As Dean sat down on the edge of the futon, just the glow of the security light filtering in from the stairwell illuminating his profile Cas reached for him.
“And you thought that would be us?” Dean didn’t know whether to be flattered or pissed that the little twerp would think she could just waltz back in from beyond the grave and expect them to drop everything to help her.
“I thought that would be Castiel.” Gabriel corrected him with a flat glare. “In case you haven’t noticed, he’s about the only one of my siblings who couldn’t win Cockbiter of the Year.”
She kicked the toe of her leather boot in the snow, scowling at it. “You know, those do-gooders who only really want to make themselves feel better about their lives by spending a few hours with the unwashed masses. Places like this are full of them.”
They spent the night getting to know Larry Ganem, no one but Ben really able to snatch more than an hour or two of sleep after the uproar of the day. The kid refused to be sent to bed, but passed out in one of Bobby’s squashy armchairs not long after midnight, drooling all over his own shoulder. Dean dropped a tatty crochet blanket over him and hunkered back down with Bobby’s old laptop.
“Yeah.” Dean said, “Bobby’s got an old continental that you couldn’t wreck if you tried. I figured we’d start out with her and see how much of a disaster you are.”
“Holy shit!” Dean wheezed, wiping a tear from his eye as Mr. Rigby stared at him, shocked. “Cas, do you realize what this means?” he asked, waving the photos at him. Cas shook his head, just as surprised as Finnerman. “This mean’s that those little douchebags had to search through like
“It’ll take a few days to figure out how you even did all this and get it undone.” Dean confessed, mopping the back of his neck with a rag. “And Bobby and I have got a few things on right now, so maybe longer.”
“Truth.” Jo snorted. “But just think, this time next year all three of us will be free of the cesspool that is high school, too!”
Dean paused, his creep-meter flashing. He held out his hand, flicking his fingers until she cocked an eyebrow. “Talia? Hang on a second.” She passed Dean the phone.
“Lucifer?” he asked steadily, like he was ready to take on the devil himself if he had to, like it was just a normal Thursday afternoon activity. Lisa jumped but didn’t panic, just raised her gun a little higher.
“For squandering your education?” Castiel guessed, looking uncertain. Dean was sure Sammy hadn’t told him much about their dad, but Cas had at least learned enough to know that didn’t sound like John Winchester.
Cas nodded but he was sure he had no idea. Sam’s sideways glance said the same. “You don’t have to tell me any of this, Sam.” Cas reminded him. It was important.
with Cas!” he protested. Sam shot him a classic ‘come on Dean’ eyebrow-twitch and Dean let his indignity dissipate. Ok. So yeah, he’d probably been flirting with Cas. For probably read: definitely. A lot. Alright, maybe constantly. For months. Yep.
“‘But, I’m homosexual.’ I said.” Cas laughed again and it crackled out of his throat like radio static. “I still thought he’d known, you see. I remember thinking he must have an explanation, some excuse for why
They were following the tatty wooden fence of a wooded park with a small playground deserted in the darkness when the tension finally broke. As they crossed beneath a blown-out streetlamp Cas caught his toe on a storm drain, stumbling
“Good lord.” He murmured. His fist tightened on the controls, his chair jumping a few inches forward before he managed to release it. “Henry!”
Alfie had gotten his phone back after the police had gotten what they needed from it. He’d tried to apologize to Cas for letting those idiots pick his pocket but the look Cas had shot him had convinced him that was not a course of conversation he wanted to continue. Cas’s phone had been lost to the bottom of the river. Lucifer had tried to replace it immediately but Gabriel beat him to it, insisting that Cas would be on his new family plan. It did mean that all Castiel’s contacts now had ridiculous little icons programmed in beside each confusing nickname, including Pietro Garliani’s St. Gabriel for himself and the title “World’s Best Big Brother”.
“Oh, I won’t be staying.” Sneered Finnerman. “I just wanted to let you know that if your brother raises a finger to hurt my boy, I’ll be pressing assault charges so fast your head will spin.”
dead. Dean had stabbed her himself, watched the twisted soul behind her pretty brown eyes flicker and burn.
“Your turn, Dean.” Cas wormed his arm into the front of Dean’s coat to loop around his waist. He was warm through his shirt.
“You could say that, yeah.” Dean snarked, trying to yank the shredded ribbons of himself together into something resembling a human. It wasn’t working very well.
“What is this one for?” Cas asked about a hundred times in a row. Benny patiently explained the basic use of each tool and Dean caught Cas’s lips moving as he committed each of the big man’s answers to memory, like he thought there might be a test on it later.
He pointed a shaking finger at Cas again. “I want that piece of shit to march his skinny ass back down to the school and tell that idiot Chuck Shurley that this was all his fault! I will not have my son expelled for the sake of some no-name runaway
Benny scoffed, leaning his elbows on the bar and tilting his beer bottle Dean’s way. “You’re wound tighter’n a clockwork tornado.” He observed. “I told Bobby givin’ you that job was a mistake.”
Dean laughed. “Ok, Captain Von Trapp.” Cas cocked his head to the side and Dean laughed. The kid didn’t even know
“Ben is perfectly fine. He is in his room trying to listen to our conversation.” Cas said, tilting his head up towards the ceiling.
Castiel smiled. “He might well be.” He admitted. “He’s always had a rather dark sense of humor. He saved his worst pranks for our older brothers, but he gave me a few of the gentler ones too. When I was seven he tried to convince me there was a door to heaven inside an old beech tree that grew in our yard. He said that if I crawled up there and prayed for an hour straight it would open and I would get to visit the angel Joshua. Of course I tried it in the middle of the night in November because I was sure my father would be asleep then and not make me come down. By the time Gabriel came and got me I had frostbite on my fingers and was nearly hypothermic.”
“Only a movie marathon.” Cas told him. “Dean and Jo will both be helping in the Roadhouse. Perhaps Sam and Alfie will want to come along.” He knew Sam was looking to add more volunteer work to his college applications, and thought they both might enjoy spending the day together with him here.
“Thank you.” He giggled, shoving at his brother. Birthdays had always been a somewhat solemn affair in their father’s house - just like every other occasion - but Gabriel had always managed to sneak in a few moments of real joy with his early-morning birthday wishes.
“Well, see you around, kid.” And with a small wave Dean disappeared through the gate. As Castiel stood there, wondering how it was that a person could make the whole rest of the world seem a bit faded, he heard the now-familiar engine of Gabriel’s Camaro.
“A bunch.” Dean admitted with a twisted smile at Bobby, who nodded his agreement. “I’ve still got him beat on that after Gabriel down in Florida.”
Something snarled in front of him and he slashed out with the angel blade. He got a shrieking whine for his effort and a splatter of black blood.
Dean snorted. “You are upbeat, Cas.” He assured the kid. “Gabe just thinks everyone should match his demented chipmunk energy all the time.”
Sorry for the longish delay. I had intended to post this the same day as the prelude but unfortunately these guys would just not work with me. But here it is, the first official chapter. As always, it’s unbeta’d so any mistakes (and I’m sure there are plenty) are my own.
“You appear to have an admirer.” She tilted her head at the table of college girls. Dean glanced over to catch the brunette smiling at him. He shrugged, turning his attention back to the redhead.
Dean grinned. “Making you a playlist of girly love-songs? It’s slipping to eighty-two percent, man.”
He doubted anyone but Sam had ever stood up to Raphael in the way Castiel had. Sam’s punishment and fall from grace had apparently satisfied Raphael’s bloodlust and the violence of Sam’s attack on him deterred him from further bullying. He doubted any of Raphael’s other victims had been able or willing to push back, to fight back. Castiel had not only held his own against Raphael’s torture for months but had flourished. His life had improved before Raphael’s eyes. That had infuriated and fuelled Raphael, pushing him to ever-more violent confrontations.
“Yeah?” he asked stupidly. Cas had come here to see him. To talk it out, maybe? He wasn’t just here to hang with Jo or Sam, he’d come to see Dean. That was a good sign, right?
“Hiya, Alfie. Good timing.” Dean grinned at the weedy kid as he stomped the snow from his scuffed boots.
Instantly Sam dropped the act, beaming. “Great! It’s a night game so we’re playing under the lights and everything. Dean will be there too.” Cas was very aware of the way Sam’s eyes lingered on him as he delivered this news, and fought hard not to blush under the scrutiny. Thankfully, Sam didn’t mention his failure.
He pulled himself back from the brink of a daydream, focusing on the people passing by. He had managed to make it through the day without serious incident. It would be absolutely galling to be caught off guard now. As he looked around a flash of red caught his attention, a familiar hat holding back long brown curls. The girl from the soup kitchen was standing in the shadow of the convenience-store awning across the street, shifting from foot to foot. She hugged her arms around her middle, grasping her elbows with her cream-colored gloves. She looked lovely, as always, but Cas could tell even from across the street that she was uncomfortable.
Despite his efforts to appear at least moderately normal, not a single student had spoken to him. All day. At first they had all seemed caught up in the business of reuniting, trading high-fives and back-slaps with almost cartoonish delight. Castiel had watched it all detachedly, briefly wondering what it must feel like to pass more than a single year in one school. Once the elation of greeting each other had worn off they all seemed too absorbed in their new classes to care about the quiet boy in the corner.
It was him. He was here. It was him. Dean held on, irrationally afraid that if he let up the ground would open up and swallow Sam all over again and Dean would be alone.
There were traces of human souls everywhere, criss-crossing every inch of the lawn and snaking into the trees. Some were bright and fresh and others were fading, but he wasn’t interested in what was there. He was interested in what was absent. He let his awareness sweep out across the grass seeking that emptiness he had felt. If he hadn’t felt it, seen it and caught it with the edges of his grace, he doubted he would ever have noticed. Just there, a path of nothingness cutting through the trails of energy. There was no residue of magic, demonic or otherwise, just nothing. The blaze of Dean’s soul shadowed it and Castiel followed to where he had restrained his friend. He sidestepped that spot where Dean’s distress was still palpable in the air, an unpleasant sting bouncing off Castiel’s grace. The emptiness continued. He traced it through a copse of trees and into a ditch, to find it abruptly disappeared. It simply ended. A cut string.
“All that hurt.” Benny waved a thick-fingered hand at Dean. “You been stewin’ in it for too long, Brother. It’s gettin’ downright borin’ now.”
“Cas!” Sam grinned, hopping up to engulf Cas in a hug nearly as tight as Gabriel’s had been. “Happy Birthday!” he rumbled.
As he began to chant the ugly summoning spell Dean drew the demon knife from the back of his jeans, feeling like an idiot. They were all idiots for this, but especially him. Maybe Crowley would mouth off a little and he could finally stab the smarmy fucker right in the face. He could dream, at least. Crowley had been useful before but he was still a demon and Dean wouldn’t miss him even a little bit. Besides, he really needed to stab something.
The girl snickered and shoved the lollipop in her cheek. “Yep. Took you forever to notice it. Honestly, I thought we’d be sitting here ’til Christmas waiting for you two to buy a vowel.”
“Is it gift time, then? Before Dean dies?” Gabriel suggested, bouncing his leg on the couch. All eyes turned to the innocuous stack of presents on Ellen’s coffee table. Apparently Gabriel had decided that Lucifer’s gifts should be opened while they were all together, and brought them along to Christmas eve. They’d done the secret santa thing before dinner, laughing at Ellen’s new naked lady apron and Sam’s hair curlers (Dean was weirdly proud of Alfie for daring to actually make fun of Sam’s stupid hair). Cas’s present to Bobby had been a little weird but the kid was new at gag gifts. He’d gotten the old man a wrench, explaining that it was funny because obviously Bobby already owned several dozen much better quality tools. Cas’s earnest explanation had been funnier than the damn present.
“Possibly.” Castiel frowned, looking down at his ribs as if they were annoying him on purpose for their own enjoyment. Dean couldn’t help but laugh. Cas looked up at him, anger darkening his eyes for a moment before he relaxed, letting go of the tension that had been knotting his shoulders. He even cracked a smile, or his version of one.
When Dean made it home the next night he was covered in a thin film of french fry grease and tequila. It had been a long morning at the garage, the Chavelle finally rolling off the lot only to be replaced by two more wrecks. Vicky, the Chavelle’s owner, had apparently recommended Singer Auto to a few friends in the classic car community thanks to Dean’s speedy repairs. And she’d left him a big fat tip with Bobby for being so quick. Bobby said he’d have to cash the check before Dean could get it but hinted that it was at least a couple hundred. From there Dean had gone straight to the Roadhouse to take over from Pamela, who had a date with some dude from Kansas City and needed the night off. It had been a good shift for tips, busy enough to put several hundred dollars more in his pocket. All in all a damn good day for Sammy’s college fund. But that meant every muscle in his back was screaming for his futon by the time he flipped the last lock on the apartment door. Sleep. God, he could sleep for a week. That thought derailed as the smell of pizza hit him and he let out a groan.
“You should probably get inside, Cas.” Dean said quietly, but the smile was still in his voice. “It’s late. You’ve got school in the morning and if I’m late again Bobby might actually skin me.”
“C’mon, Sammy.” Dean slapped at Sam’s knees. “How long has it been since I kicked your ass in a snow war?”
Of course he didn’t. They were all there when he awoke, Jo leaning into Alfie’s side with her arm wrapped around his middle, Sam drooling into a pillow propped on the arm of his chair. Cas watched them sleep for a little while, struck dumb for a moment with gratitude at having found these people.
“What’s eating you, boy?” Bobby asked, cracking a root beer open on the side of his scarred desk. The office was practically unrecognizable from a few months ago, every scrap of paper properly filed, every surface clear of dust. There were still random piles of magazines and manuals all over the place but they at least had been moved out of the way and stabilized to the point where it didn’t seem like anyone was likely to be crushed when they toppled over.
“Dunno.” Dean admitted, feeling like he was eight frigging years old again. Everything had gone just fine but he was still all cranky for no damn reason. “I guess I was just expecting… shock? I didn’t really think any of you would kick up too much a fuss about it but…” he shrugged, scowling. “No one even seemed surprised to find out I like dudes too.”
Lucifer’s smile was brittle. “No. He and Michael are only aware of my trip to Kansas City. I thought it best not to inform him of my intention to see you. It would only upset him.”
“Gabriel.” He said, tilting his head to one side when Gabe finally deigned to grip his hand. “Thanks for the invitation.”
Dean glanced at him with mischief in his eyes. “Getting a little impatient there, Cas?” he chuckled.
“Oh.” Cas said indifferently, dropping his sage on the coffee table and heading upstairs. Dean had no idea what he was doing up there but no doubt it was all mystical and angel-y, so he left him to it.
Cas rolled his eyes. “I’m all too aware of that.” He sighed, a tiny frizz of jealousy riding up his spine. It was dampened fairly drastically by the memory of his morning with Dean, but not entirely gone. “And it’s no surprise you would not have thought he was homosexual, as he is, in fact, bisexual.”
“Yeah, well.” He said, scuffing his boot on the floor. “You just let me know if Sammy’s grades start to slip cause if I’m working my ass off he better at least get into a decent school.”
Lisa crossed her arms, gripping her elbows tightly. “Isn’t he sort of the bad guy in all this?” she asked. Ben was still staring at Cas’s hand and looking like he might puke. Dean realized he was still holding it in his own. He dropped it, sitting back down and tossing a half-hearted grin the kid’s way.
Raphael had been in control. Raphael had been the one to put the knife in Rigby’s hand and quite literally hold it to Cas’s skin. Rigby was stupid and weak but Castiel had to wonder if he would ever have escalated to that level of violence without Raphael’s guidance.
Dean shook himself. He was getting sentimental as shit lately. If he wasn’t careful he’d grow an actual set of tits and then what would he do? Well he’d never get anything done, for one thing.
“You’re right.” Cas agreed finally. “Raphael has sewn nothing but violence and destruction and now he must reap the consequences. Whatever comes of this is up to him now.”
Dean tried not to think of the three days that had passed since Cas had vanished, no word at all of the Sam-shaped shadow lurking behind them all. “Thanks, kid, but we’re playing this one pretty close to the vest.”
“You need to stop thinking I’m suddenly not going to want you.” Cas grouched. He trailed his fingers down the back of Dean’s neck, flirting with the skin under his collar.
Castiel gripped the edge of the counter, counting his breaths as he listened to the muffled voices from the other room.
It was Lucifer’s turn to snort. “Oh yes, Gabriel. I’m here to snatch your little kitchen out from under you and bring you back into the Novak fold. You’ve seen through my nefarious plan.”
The sound of a lunch tray hitting the table cut him off and they all looked up to see Alfie grinning like a maniac.
Ben nodded, a relieved sob finally escaping. Lisa gave a low cry and pulled him into a hug, letting him hide his face in her tank top. She stroked his hair, silently thanking Gabriel with a look. Gabriel smiled back at her, but when she turned her little face to Dean he could see how shallow it was.
“Your shoulders.” Cas said, leaning across Dean to press a kiss to the point of his shoulder. “Your chest.” He placed a kiss there. Then he lifted Dean’s hand in his and kissed his wrist. “Your hands.”
Gabriel had wanted Mark Rigby thrown in jail and the key burned in the fires of Mount Doom - or at least that’s how Sam had phrased it - but Castiel had asked Lucifer for leniency. Rigby deserved to pay for his actions. He needed to feel the consequences of his violence, but Castiel could not completely blame the boy either. He could still feel Rigby’s fingers trembling against his neck, knew that the boy had been terrified as he’d held the knife to Castiel’s face.
“You really are a creeper, you know that, right?” she said, unbuttoning her coat. She wore slim black jeans and a tank top with a geometric skull. It was oddly pretty.
Cas rubbed frantically at his eyes with the heel of his hand and Dean had to squash down a little voice in his head that started cooing like a momma pigeon. The kid was frigging adorable, goddamnit. He glared at Dean, his hat listing drunkenly to one side.
“Good.” Bobby flashed a rare smile and gestured to the car. “Now let’s get this damn thing out of here and go home.”
Dean stepped up, pinching the material gently between his fingers. It was soft with a faint herringbone pattern woven into it. The buttons were jet black with a subtle shine. “I forgot. How come you never wear it?”
Castiel’s smile turned a bit less grim. “He does. Why are you really here, Lucifer?” For a long moment he was silent, his lashes shading his eyes from Cas. When he looked back up the smile was gone.
Lisa didn’t flinch. “Why not? I mean, if angels can bring people back, doesn’t that mean he is supposed to be here?”
“Good morning, Dean.” Cas couldn’t help his wide smile. Usually he was not what one would call a morning person, but today every nerve in his body was jumping at random, keyed-up by the idea of a new job alongside a friend. Of course there were other words he’d have rather used to describe Dean but he wasn’t a fool. Dean was out of reach romantically - he was several years older, incredibly attractive, heterosexual, and Sam’s older brother to name just a few reasons - and Castiel counted himself lucky to be able to call him a friend. The opportunity to talk with him and watch him work was just as exciting either way.
Sam pinched the bridge of his nose, fighting back the wave of rage that always rose when he let himself think of John. He knew their Dad had… issues. And like Tessa said, it was no good blaming him now. It was done. All they could do was accept the past as passed and move on to a brighter future. Sam smiled. Dean hated self-help shit like that, but the truth was it did help, thinking like that. It was so easy to get caught up in the shitty memories, in the anger and pain and all the things he wanted to say to John. But that had already happened. There was nothing he could do about it now. What he could do was make sure he proved every day to Dean that they were going to be ok on their own. His time to make the dinosaur talk, he supposed.
“Sorry, Benny.” Dean sighed, wiping his hands on his thighs and trying not to think too hard about how the first thought in his mind had been
The cashier looked hesitantly back and forth between them and twitched a nervous smile. “Really?” she asked.
Benny chuckled. “I seen men struck dumb by a pretty face more’n once in my time and boy,” Benny shook his head, “you had it bad before that kid even set foot in the shop.”
The chill of the grey sky hanging over the garage was creeping into Castiel’s bones. He stared out the bay door at the swirling snow, thinking of nothing at all. Thinking was exhausting. So he didn’t. Instead he stared, listening to the whistle of the wind through the parking lot and the clank of Bobby’s tools behind him. The grouchy mechanic was the only one in the shop this afternoon and Castiel had been relieved to know it. He liked Ash, but the skinny man’s energy was sometimes overwhelming. Slow and sleepy in his free time, Ash was a whirlwind of activity when he got down to work. Benny’s thoughtful silence, usually somewhat of a comfort, had become oppressive this last week. Castiel felt Benny’s eyes on him more and more. The weight was suffocating and he found himself glad when Benny’s shift ended only an hour after Castiel arrived. And of course Dean…
“I dunno.” Dean shrugged. “A bunch of high-class dicks dressed like Gordon Gecko shouting in legalese and driving porches. Not a skinny high school kid, that’s for sure.”
“So do you think he’s stuck somewhere?” Sam asked, fiddling with the window mechanism. “Like Purgatory again or…?”
“Well, let’s hope he has the sense to say no.” Bobby shrugged. “How long ’til this joint session of congress commences?”
Anna shook her head. “No. He offered but he has barely slept since my arrival. I told him to rest while he had the chance.”
“Found what?” Dean wasn’t stupid enough to turn his back on the King of Hell, but he couldn’t help angling himself towards Cas eagerly.
“Should I call Gabe?” Sam asked, his voice tentative. Castiel took a deep breath through his nose, let it pour out of his mouth in a slow gust.
“Not hungry.” Dean grunted. He squished a fry between his fingers. Bobby looked even more alarmed at that.
Castiel collapsed backwards onto his mattress, his tired eyes tracing the dips in the old popcorn ceiling as he thought back over the day. He wouldn’t have said twenty-four hours ago that he’d have ended the night watching ridiculous science-fiction movies in Jo Harvelle’s basement with Sam and Alfie but that was what had happened. And stranger still he had enjoyed it very much. He hadn’t followed the movies very well but he’d enjoyed watching the others watch them, smiling when they laughed and holding his breath when they whooped and hollered at the hero’s victories. He’d drunk several sodas and eaten some spicy chips Jo had given him and Alfie to try. Poor Alfie had nearly choked to death after accidentally inhaling some of the fiery powder and then drunk three sodas in quick succession to try and calm his burning tongue.
“Rigby,” Cas sputtered, blood running down the back of his throat. “You don’t have to-“ Raphael clenched his fist around Cas’s throat and Cas gurgled to a halt.
Dean gestured at the radio with one limp hand. “They… uh… they found a guy. A dead guy.” He shook his head and tried again. “In Kansas City. He froze to death, drunk in the snow. Police are looking for help identifying him.” Cas’s blue eyes were shining with confusion so Dean tried to explain the stab of fear he’d felt. “The description… It uh, it sounded like my, like my dad.” He stumbled, his hands starting to shake.
That was as far as his charity extended. He hurried away, taking the stairs and hoping there would be another wash room upstairs. He found one with only a short line of people waiting. When his turn came he used a hand towel to wipe his shirt as clean as he could manage and headed back downstairs. As he was passing the bathroom he saw Rigby and another boy half-dragging, half-carrying Kennedy towards the front door, their faces caught between annoyance and worry.
“Thank you.” Cas grinned and Ash reached out to slap his hand in what Cas could only assume was meant to be an affectionate manner on the top of Cas’s head. Grimacing, Cas shoved his wrist away.
Castiel snorted. “Michael has known for months.” He told her, perhaps more harshly than he should have. For some reason she had tried to preserve his secret, but he doubted it was for his benefit. She blinked. “He called Gabriel to inform us that I was no longer on the family insurance. That was his only response to finding out I was in the hospital”
“Late lunch.” Dean stuttered. “Spent so long on that truck this morning. They all went out. I’m… I’m holding down the fort.” Cas nodded but there was worry in his face. “It’s fine.” Dean assured him. “I’m fine. It’s not him. I mean, it could be, but…”
“Well hello there, gorgeous.” Cas startled as a long-fingered hand slid across his forearm. The woman smiled, her long blond hair falling over her pointed shoulders in soft waves. She was not a student at Lawrence, at least not one he’d ever seen. He was pretty sure he’d have remembered her. She was very pretty, looking up at him with enormous, wide-set eyes that looked nearly black in the dim light.
approached us. Sam didn’t say a freaking word and he was all over him. It’s him that’s trying to start something. Not us.”
Dean waited to see if he would have the decency to look ashamed of himself for scaring the crap out of a civilian and a little kid, but Sam just nodded.
“You okay?” Sam asked, drawing Cas’s gaze up from his phone screen. The younger Winchester’s eyebrows scrunched together in concern.
Thanks so much for the continued support and feedback, even though I am the worst at keeping updates regular!
“Afternoon.” He said. “I need to speak with you.” He pulled Castiel back through the gate and out of the general flow of student traffic, leaving Jo and Sam to trade worried looks.
Dean felt all the blood drain from his face. He was glad he was already leaning against Baby since his knees might have wobbled a bit at that news. “What?”
Dean leaned forward, clasping his hands tightly around his glass and staring a the bubbles, hoping maybe they could help him out of this. The condensation beaded and dripped down over his fingers and he watched for a bit, wondering how he could possibly phrase what was coming next. “I need you to tell me the truth, Bobby. Is there any way out of the cage?”
Dean didn’t seem to feel any differently. He’d pulled back and rested his temple against Castiel’s brow. For a while they’d just breathed. The silence had been comfortable, no fear of hurting. After a while Dean had started the car and driven him home, the radio playing softly as the night slid by outside the window. Castiel wondered how long they would tiptoe around each other, whether that was normal. He had to hope that Dean was correct, and sooner or later they’d be alright.
Dean grinned. Cas glanced back and forth between them, his expression clearly showing that he didn’t understand. Sheltered Catholic school kid for sure.
She looked up at him, her blue eyes bright and focused. Dean’s smile widened as he realized he was immediately comparing them to Cas’s blue. They were pretty close, actually, that same intensity in the stare. Still not as good, though. Not that he was biased or anything.
Castiel wasn’t entirely sure where the sudden tension had come from but he guessed Dean was at least as nervous as Sam was about the temptations presented by this party. “I wouldn’t really know.” He said. “I was never allowed to attend this sort of thing before.”
He hadn’t been foolish enough to hope that this year would be different, but he’d at least hoped that he might be able to bear it with a bit more fortitude. For the first time in his life almost everything else was looking up. He was out of the family house, finally out from under his father’s thumb. Gabe’s was turning out to be better than he expected, close to a respectable high school with good language and science departments. He had a job for the first time ever at the bookstore/cafe around the corner from Gabe’s and while it didn’t pay very much he was actually good at it. His boss was nice and he was getting used to speaking with customers. The last month had been wonderful, but inevitably August had rolled to a close and his senior year was upon him, a final first day to endure.
Castiel tipped his head. “You dislike being ‘zapped’.” He reminded Dean. As if Dean was ever going to forget just how much he hated that feeling. Still, the little rabbit-ear quotes Cas threw up were enough to rattle half a rusty chuckle from Dean’s chest. Cas peered at him a moment longer, then disappeared into the living room without a word. Dean winced, hoping Cas wasn’t too pissed about his casual mention of Gabriel’s death. He would have been, if it were the other way around. Goddamnit.
Even out here Dean could hear Gabriel shrieking bloody murder. She’d stopped using actual words a long time ago. A pair of boots appeared next to him and Dean wondered when the door had opened. Bobby stood there, his hands shoved awkwardly in his pockets as he rocked back and forth. Dean didn’t look up. He knew what he would see in Bobby’s face, grief and sorrow that he wouldn’t be able to stand.
“It’s only been just over an hour since I got home.” Cas corrected, like that made a difference. “And I’m tired. I know how you get-“
“Yeah.” Dean scratched at his ear, leaning his hip on the counter. “I know. But it was more than that. He was
Castiel balked, his grace swelling with indignation. “I should think on it?” he grated, his tone harsh and clanging. Below him the animals flicked their ears, the birds fluttering in the breeze of his anger. Ebele paused, his expression falling. “What is there to think about?”
They talked about books and walked until their feet began to ache with the cold, turning back toward Reynard’s and following the streets past the buildings and shop-fronts that had become familiar figures in Castiel’s life. Anna told him about her new studio. Cas told her about the senior project he was meant to be doing for government. She asked about all his friends and he told her as much as he could.
“No.” Gabriel said, cutting off that line of panic. “He never went all the way down! At least, not this part of him.” She looked the Not-Sam up and down. “Lucy must have noticed, gotten his hooks into Sam’s soul at the last second, dragged him in. Shit.”
Dean looked up from the box in his hands to see Cas trotting into the garage. He flung his bag under the coffee bar and made straight for Dean, not even waiting for the older man to stand up before wrapping his arms around Dean’s neck and pressing a kiss to his lips.
He quickly deleted that last sentence, remembering their fight the last time he’d said that, and started again.
have a few things with real cashmere - but didn’t comment. If Cas picked it out they were damn well buying it.
“Sam,” he said, his tone heavy with disappointment. “I know it’s difficult but I really can’t have you getting into fights with Raphael Finnerman. I had to pull a dozen strings just to keep you from getting expelled after what happened last year. You need to try and keep a cool head and prove you can change. Alright?”
“I suppose I should get back to the hotel. Are we on for brunch tomorrow?” she asked as she stood and swung her purse over her shoulder.
Sam was outright smiling by the time Cas finished, and he leaned forward to grip his steaming mug of tea. “Ok. It’s a deal.”
It only took a few hours to sort out Ganem’s story. A clear paper trail in the town newspaper, county court and hospital records laid out Larry’s whole vanilla life. The fourth of six children, Ganem was born in Fort Wayne, Indiana.
Castiel leaned back against the wall of the building, smiling down at the glow of his screen. It was cold but not uncomfortably so, the stars winking beyond the street lamps and the quiet clamor of a dozen parties drifting from the apartment buildings nearby.
Castiel frowned at her, wondering who had angered her enough to make her snap at him like this. “No, actually.” He snapped right back. “I was raised in a wealthy family but I’m here because they disowned me.”
“Well you’ve got a hell of a shiner building there and you’re covered in blood!” Gabe spat, gesturing to Cas’s t-shirt. Looking down, Cas found there was indeed a long spatter of blood across the cartoon slice of pie.
“So you’re saying you knew our grandfather. And that he was part of this weird hunter club with you?” Dean asked again, still trying to believe it. Ganem looked back and forth between him and Sam for the hundredth time, shaking his head.
“What?” Dean balked. The morning had been dragging a bit without Cas around, but it wasn’t like he was moping about it or anything.
“Thanks, man.” Dean sighed and unwound the now spotless kitchen towel from his newly-healed arm. “I was trying to break it gently.”
By the time Sam caught him and wrenched the pot out of his hand he was laughing too hard to see straight.
“I never was allowed to cook much back with my family. Father’s housekeeper did that. Ms. Miggins. She used to let me help, sometimes, when I was very small. And Gabriel liked baking, even back then. I always thought it was a little magical, taking all the different ingredients and putting them together in just the right way to make something else entirely.”
Leaning heavily on the counter was Crowley, his black overcoat smoking where a spray of rock salt had shredded through. Dean was inordinately pleased to see him coughing up bloody chunks of salt between oaths. Across from him Bobby was reloading his shotgun calmly, throwing Dean a shrug.
Cas cocked his head in that strange way he always had and Dean resisted the urge to smile. “And you are certain you weren’t mistaken?”
Dean roared even louder than Castiel had, nearly sliding out of his chair as he laughed and laughed. Jo went right along with him, practically shrieking as she clutched at her sides. Sam was trying desperately to look sympathetic while nearly suffocating himself with one wide palm to keep the giggles in.
“Oh yeah. Butter guy.” She said, smiling in a way that didn’t reach her eyes. “You stalking me now or something?”
“And running away never crossed your mind?” Dean demanded. “No, you thought, ‘oh I don’t need to run. I’ll just play the hero and get myself fucked up some more.’
” He sat back, his hands gripping his knees and something tight in his face that Castiel didn’t understand.
for control. He just took it, dragging Dean along for the ride. Finesse was not Cas’s strong suit but he got the freaking job done, that was for sure.
“Well, you might have to.” Bobby said flatly. “Sam died to stop all this and if it’s started up again you’re gonna have to finish the job. It’s what he woulda wanted and you know it.”
“I didn’t ‘kick the shit out of’ them.” he murmured, suddenly finding it difficult to meet any of their eyes. “They cornered me, threatened me, I disabled them and left.”
Lucifer pursed his lips, his eyebrows drifting up his forehead. “Got a bit of the junkyard dog about you, don’t you?” he observed.
“Let me just see where he is at the moment and I’ll be right back.” As soon as she disappeared through the double doors leading to the rest of the home Sam dropped the act, straightening up and turning his dead eyes back to Dean and Cas.
“Cas?” Dean asked, surprised to find Cas’s face has shut down. His eyes were hard and angry, his mouth set in a grim frown.
Sam whistled quietly. “So smart runs in the family, hu?” Dean tried not to be hurt at the envious tinge in Sam’s tone. He knew Sammy was the brains in their family, far and away. Maybe their mom could have given him a run for his money but since that was a moot point…
“I never thought Dad would be controlling you through greed.” Gabriel laughed. “It wouldn’t have gotten him anywhere if he did. It’s just not how you’re made up. But I figured he might control your opportunities. He might say that the only way you were going to ever make a difference was with his money. If you chose his path. And I wanted to be able to swoop in and say ‘you know what, kid? You can do whatever you want’.” He grinned. “Obnoxious self-agrandizement is also one of my flaws.”
Cas drank his coffee, something he’d quickly come to enjoy in his time with Gabriel. Sam sat quietly, watching Cas with a difficult expression while Dean wandered around, changing into fresh clothes and gathering up his wallet and keys.
“You mean does he know where you are?” Anna corrected, not unkindly. “No. I doubt he wants to know.”
“We getting back to work, or what?” he challenged, his fists tight by his sides. There was a long moment of silence before Ash leaned his head back and groaned.
Gabriel wiggled his eyebrows as he gently hauled Cas to his feet. “I got the move like Jagger, kiddo.”
“I’m aware of that, yes. Raphael looked quite annoyed when I made it to class on time and untouched. I should think he might come after me himself, next.”
“What they don’t know won’t hurt them.” He said. He pointed towards the drawer again. “There’s a box as well…” Sam drew out a rattling match box and slid it open to reveal a few dozen silver bullets. “The tops.” Ganem said. Dean leaned over to watch as Sam plucked one out of the box.
“Thank you.” Cas nodded, looking genuinely fond as Ben bounced over to him. Cas didn’t seem to understand why Ben was so fascinated with him, but Dean could tell he enjoyed how much the kid obviously wanted to be around him. It was probably a fairly new experience for Cas, having spent the last few years on earth hanging around with assholes like Dean.
He poured two cups of tea and took a few chocolate chip cookies from one of Gabriel’s many stashes. He set mug down on the table in front of Sam, placing the cookies atop it for the steam to warm them. Sam looked down at the offering and smiled, the harsh pain of his memories melted away leaving something tired and fond.
He was lovely. Dazzling. Castiel could only stare as he trotted right up to them, a grim smile touching his perfectly-shaped lips. He was tall, a few inches over six feet, with sandy hair pushed into a mess of spikes. His broad shoulders were beautifully muscled beneath his faded navy t-shirt and his movements were lithe and confident. A small galaxy of dusty freckles were flung across his sharp nose, reflecting in verdigris eyes sharp as lightning. His long lashes leant him an almost feminine charm and the glimmer of gold stubble added a rough edge.
“Yeah, well.” Ellen shrugged. “Her bitch radar is pretty spot on. Gets that from me. But yeah, Dean. She likes him so far. And he’s Gabe’s little brother so I’m sure you’ll get an earful if they get up to any trouble.”
Dean smiled. He would never get tired of Benny’s molasses-and-mesquite drawl. “Nah, brother.” He drawled back, slipping into the beginnings of the accent he’d picked up in the two years he’d lived in Texas with John and Sammy as a kid. Sammy’d never picked it up but Dean had never quite manage to kick it. Whenever he spoke to another southerner it came back and with Benny it was practically a permanent feature.
“You gonna get out of here so I can lock the gate?” Ash hollered, as though the glass were as sound proof as three feet of concrete. He stuffed his hands in the pockets of his ratty denim jacket and pretended to shiver. “Not to be a cock-block or anything, but I got shit to do.”
“Come on, rabble!” Gabriel said, pushing the Winchesters toward the door. Castiel followed as they trooped up the stairs to the apartment, as eager as any of them to get dry pants on. By the time he got through the door Gabriel was already stripped to his boxers - enormous cartoon chipmunks decorated his rear end today - and pulling spare sheets from the wardrobe by the bathroom.
Ellen fixed him with a look. “Dean. Sam is going to hang out with whomever he wants, whether you approve or not. Didn’t you learn that lesson the hard way?”
Cas’s fingers trailed thoughtfully through Dean’s hair. After a moment he leaned forward and flicked his tongue against the corner of Dean’s mouth. “I want you in my bed.” He murmured.
“Nevermind.” Dean sighed, leaning against the doorframe. If he was going to do this, he needed to do it right. Just rip the bandaid off.
“Take what you can get, Sammy.” Dean advised. He knew Sam had a streak of the Winchester pride about a thousand miles wide.
have gotten busy with her and her best friend in an attic at one of those toga parties.” He said as he tied his own belt. “Nothing too crazy, just a little-”
“Right.” Dean leaned over to rip the angel blade from the dead wendigo. “Get him in the car and we’ll-“
Sam grunted, working his jaw for a moment before he answered. “I know Dean’s probably been a wreck all night. He worries a lot about stuff. Me. Calling him to bail us out kind of feels like I’m letting him down. It’s fine. It’s dumb.”
On the other hand, as impressive as Sam’s performance had been, Dean had put on one of his own. Normally Dean took some pains with how he presented himself to the world. In the few short months Castiel had known him he had come to recognize that generally, Dean liked to appear cool. An easy joke, a cocky smile, the slightly hunched shoulders sitting over deliberately relaxed hips - it all added up to a mantle of casual masculinity and seemingly effortless calm that he could shrug on like a second skin. Sometimes he let it slide away, just for a moment or two around his family, but it was always close to hand. The more uncomfortable he became the more jokes he threw out. The more he cared, the less show he made of caring. It was an infuriating and endearing facet of Dean’s personality that Castiel was coming to know well.
He woke three times in the night stumbling to Cas’s room down the hall, convinced the angel had drowned in the middle of the night. Each time Cas was fine, tucked in tight in a wide bed with clean linens and hand-warmers gone cold. He found some more stacked on the room’s little desk and cracked a few, packing them around Cas’s feet and under his arms. He checked his breathing, just stood there watching for a few minutes each time until he could convince himself Cas was really back, really okay. Death hadn’t taken him yet. The third time he gave up, dragging the desk chair over to the bedside, wrapping himself in an extra blanket and crossing his arms. He sat and watched Cas breathe until he fell asleep.
“That’s not Sam.” Croaked Dean. “Sam would never have been that fucking callous.” Ben jumped at the swear and Dean flinched.
The sound of Sam’s voice and suddenly Cas was gone. Dean opened his eyes - when had he closed them? - to find his brother standing barefoot in his bedroom doorway with a look of absolute horror on his face. He’d clearly just taken a shower and his dopey hair was dripping all over his t-shirt. Cas pressed up against the opposite wall with a face so red Dean was a little afraid he might burst into flames. Sam wasn’t faring much better, blushing nearly purple.
Cas continued to flit about in the dim light of Bobby’s dusty lamps, nodding his satisfaction at the hundreds of symbols Bobby had secreted on every surface of his home. Cas stared at the ceilings and walls that to Dean looked blank, and Dean realized he was probably seeing the residue of dozens of spells and crap Dean couldn’t that Bobby had laid down over the years. Sneaky old bastard.
“You make bartending sound pretty close to prostitution, Dean-o.” Gabriel giggled as he helped himself to a sip of his sister’s wine. Cas’s frown deepened.
“I’m not laughing at you. You just scared the shit out of me.” He explained. Cas tilted his head in question and Dean scooted forward to brush a kiss against his cheek. “You got upset. Thought I had messed up, pushed you too fast.”
“Yeah.” He agreed, tucking his hair behind his ears. “And I just… lost it.” He shuddered hard, clasping his hands together. “I don’t really remember it. I remember Chuck pulling me off him. It couldn’t have lasted more than a minute. But it scared me so damn much, that I could rip into someone like that. I was definitely
“Jo?” he called, craning his neck around to try and see through one of the glass walls. Yup, there was Jo, waving her arms around and shrieking at two boys who Dean knew all too well. They were Raphael’s little pet shit-heads, Kennedy and Rigby. Okay, so this wasn’t good. Sam was nowhere in sight, and Dean felt a guilty little wave of relief for that.
“There’s my little honey bunny!” Gabriel slurred, slithering out from between his attending women and draping himself over Cas’s shoulders. He sighed pure alcohol fumes into Cas’s face as he breathed, “How’s if going, Cassie-poo?”
Dean nodded. He’d already figured that much out, but it still hurt to hear. Not-Sam was turning out to be even worse than no Sam at all. Dean chuckled darkly, patting Cas’s arm. “Careful what you wish for, hu?” he said. “Oh! I almost forgot, Cas-”
“Yeah. Forgot the cushions, sorry.” Dean chuckled, feeling his own butt clench in protest. He wouldn’t be surprised if he froze right to the seat, actually. True to his prediction, it was colder than a witch’s left nipple out here and he patted the pockets of his coat for a moment. “Damn. I forgot my hat.” He muttered.
“What do you mean?” Dean grunted, blinking the dust out of his eyes. He had been leaning against the coffee station staring at the wall for too long, his coffee forgotten in his hand.
Cas couldn’t resist giving Dean one more kiss for that. Dean’s arms wrapped around him automatically and by the time either of them thought to break for air Sam was calling everyone in for dinner.
“You’ve been distracted lately.” Bobby continued, making a vague motion above his head like he was swatting a fly. Castiel met his eyes to find a knowing glint there. “Don’t know where your mind’s been wandering to but I know it’s not anywhere good by the looks of you.”
She brightened again and nodded, pointing towards a rack of cookies and things at the back wall. “That’s what we’ve got. Take a look.”
“Heya, Bobby.” Dean choked, hoping like hell he could hold it together until Lisa and Ben were settled. “Thanks for this.”
Dean cleared his throat, trying to think of something flippant and sufficiently butch to sling back at the pair of them. When nothing came to mind he decided to try honesty. There was a first time for everything, after all. And Ash, at least, seemed pretty hammered so it wasn’t like he was likely to bring this up tomorrow. “Uh, he’s pretty full of surprises, actually. Kinda… demanding.” He was
Holy hell was that hot. He just watched Dean’s dick, like he was categorizing every inch of it and committing it to memory. That stare that had cut through Dean a hundred times before… Dean struggled not to squirm, struggled not to reach out and pull Cas’s face toward himself. This was Cas’s show. And damnit he was gonna sit and take whatever Cas was willing to give him.
“Should we turn the music up for cover?” Kali asked, dipping a manicured pinkie into Gabe’s mug and sucking the cream off.
to him with some compassion. But she hadn’t. She had sat still and staring as Rossetti’s Proserpine and said not a single word. From her that hurt more than it had from Lucifer, from Michael. Perhaps that was unfair of him. She had been raised just the same as they had. But it was still the truth.
“I think you are very sexy, Dean.” Cas deadpanned, refusing to look anywhere but straight at him even though he thought his ears might actually be on fire. Sam sputtered slightly and Dean grinned. “You medical skills, however, are highly questionable.”
He married his high school sweetheart, opened a custom carpentry workshop, bought his modest five acres a few hundred miles south of his hometown in the late sixties and never moved again. He and his wife Rose Marie had never had kids. He was a member of the Rotary Club and the Elk’s Lodge, and a few articles from the seventies mentioned his involvement in getting his local branches to allow black members to join. An old knee injury had prevented him from joining up for Vietnam, but he’d been a vocal fundraiser for injured troops. The couple had moved to Harper House - a retirement home he’d helped convert from an old church hall a decade before - when Rose Marie developed dementia in 2002. He’d continued to live there after her death in 2005. The obituary in the local paper had noted his devotion to her through their long and happy marriage. All around on paper he seemed like an upstanding citizen, a real nice guy. But Dean had seen enough covers in his life to know one when he saw it. Larry Ganem’s squeaky-clean persona was pretty much guaranteed to be hiding some pretty serious dirt, as far as Dean was concerned.
Balthazar shuffled his wings. “What’s so massive that the Righteous Man can’t handle it himself?” he asked.
“He continues to preach temperance.” Balthazar reported with a smirk. “He speaks of patience and faith in our father, and those that gather behind him spend all their time in prayer and communion.”
Sam and Jo showed up with the evening crowd, Sam toting one of his geek books and looking like he could use a nap. Dean had been watching his brother pretty damn close over the past week or two, remembering how bad it could get when Sam got stressed out. That’s what those counselling people at the hospital had said, was to watch for stress. Tessa, the hot psychiatrist chick they’d stuck on Sammy’s case, had said Sam needed to “manage” his stress better. “Channel it into healthy activities” and all that bullshit. Normally Dean would have written that off as psychobabble bullshit but this was Sammy. It seemed like a pretty legitimate assessment to say the more focused he got the worse his decision-making abilities became. And being a Winchester his decision-making abilities had been kinda shitty to start with. That’s what had caused this whole mess. Well, one of the things.
“Hey!” whined Crowley in a mock hurt, scratching at his cheek. “Don’t be intimidated by my masculine stubble just because you’re still in peach fuzz. And a little decorum when you’re speaking to the King of Hell, if you don’t mind.”
Castiel’s grace shivered at the idea. More than one of the host had lost their sanity over the eons, and it was always a frightening spectacle. That kind of power untethered was nearly unstoppable, except by Michael and Raphael himself. An insane archangel would be a force of devastation unlike any other, something truly terrifying, and there were no more archangels to stop him should he chose a path of destruction. Castiel sent a prayer to his absent father that it wasn’t so.
He slid his finger across it numbly, the now-familiar picture of him and Gabriel in their halloween costumes lighting up behind his text notification.
Bela laughed. “Excellent choice of words.” She glanced at the demon knife resting on Sam’s thigh, her eyes flashing black for a moment. “And in exchange for letting me walk away unscathed - it would be a shame to scar this lovely little body, don’t you think? - I’ll give you a bit of advice for free.”
And it was a pretty terrifying truth if he thought too hard about it. Cas was seventeen, as Dean’s brain was incessantly reminding his body. Even if he weren’t years younger than Dean, twenty-two hardly seemed old enough to be making any kind of life-long commitment. He couldn’t even commit to a lease longer than three months. It had been less than six months since he’d even
“Are you extending your apologies for your boyfriend’s lackies now?” Cas demanded shortly. He really didn’t have the patience for this. He wanted a shower and a change of clothes and to get to work on time, not to listen to her excuses for someone else’s inexcusable behavior.
School was horrid that day. Raphael - back from and seemingly unaffected by his recent suspension - was sitting in Cas’s usual seat in homeroom and welcomed him with a vile slur just before Ms. Powell appeared. He grinned like a catfish as Cas took a seat in the front and tried not to think about it. In the confusion of Lucifer’s arrival he had entirely forgotten his essay for English and received a failing mark. Alfie was out sick and Jo was terrified of the algebra test she had final period and snipped at Cas and Sam all through lunch. In gym they were playing street hockey and by the time he caught his forth slap shot in the shin he realized how badly the school needed to invest in new safety equipment if they were going to continue this sport.
“Y’good, Cas?” Dean murmured, his face saying he could guess fairly well what was in Castiel’s mind.
“Don’t think he’d be super thrilled that you’re betting on this.” Dean said, trying to imagine Cas’s face if he were here. He’d either find if hilarious or completely humiliating…
Fingers in his hair, stroking. Soothing. Winding their way through the tiny curls at the nape of his neck and lingering warm against his skin. Just stroking. Then gripping. Tugging on the short strands and forcing a hoarse breath out of him, yanking his head back.
“Rabble?” Dean mock-scowled, drawing himself up and puffing out his chest. “That, sir,” he declared, pointing a finger accusingly at Gabriel, “is a declaration of WAR!”
“But the DVD?” That stupid Casa Erotica dvd that had appeared in the trunk, that was his note. That was his goodbye and good luck, his sign off.
Cas took a deep breath and blew it out through his nose. So Lucifer didn’t know that Anna had discovered them. He wondered if he could have expected a warning call if his brother had known. “Why go to such lengths? Why the secrecy?” he asked, “If you knew Lucifer and I have spoken, why not broach the subject with him?”
Dean scrubbed a hand down his face, wishing Lisa wouldn’t look at him with such sadness in her eyes. He didn’t want it, didn’t deserve it. Instead he focused on the corner of Cas’s trench-coat where it brushed against the chair. “I was there another ten years before Cas came and yanked me out.”
“Answer the question.” Cas commanded and Dean felt a punch of triumph as Crowley recoiled slightly. It was a little thing, but it felt like a victory.
It was a dumb question. Cas was about the farthest thing from ‘okay’ Dean had ever seen. He skidded to a stop just short of Cas, too scared that even a touch would knock him flat.
The girl - Gabriel, apparently - waved her hand like she was batting a fly. “Yeah, well. He’s in the pit and I’m not so there’s not much sense in holding a grudge, is there?”
Cas pulled his knees to his chest and rested his chin atop them, watching Sam’s fingers trace subtly over the veins in the back of his other hand, like he was still feeling an IV there. They listened to the hum of traffic on the street below for a minute before Sam spoke again.
Anna shrugged. “I would have comfort, security, the respect of and an ability to influence my community. But happiness, love, that was not going to be a part of my life moving forward.” She sat entirely still, staring at the bar-top without blinking. “Contentment was the best I could hope for. If I’d wanted the rest I would have married Jonah, the first boy I ever loved.” She tilted her head again, considering. “Possibly the last I ever will.” Dean fought the urge to squirm. This was getting heavy as hell but he wanted to know, damnit. That day had mattered to Cas. It was one of the few good stories he had from his childhood as far as Dean could tell. He needed to know why she’d done something that seemed so out of character for her.
“But humans like to write shit down.” Bobby said, pointing to the next paragraph. “‘Betrayed by the gods they had followed for generations, who now smiled upon the great Pharaoh, these disgraced kings turned to the dark god Molech to sooth their injured pride and stoke their vengeful hatred.’”
“Castiel!” Anna skipped up the last few steps, dropped her oversized handbag and threw her arms around Cas’s shoulders. Her flaming hair swirled around his face with the lovely scent of her perfume. It was a new one, spicy and bright. It suited her. When he told her as much she laughed and kissed his cheek.
Castiel stole a few moments to just enjoy the beauty of him before the rattling of dishes alerted him to someone else’s presence in the apartment. The dark, curling scent of coffee greeted him as he struggled to sit up straighter, wincing as his ribs twitched a complaint.
“The hell did you do in here?” he demanded, cursing as he tried to make any sense out of the bizarre setup. It was like Kenny had only had a painting from a cubist’s nightmare to go on. He’d taken a junked out old mustang and turned it into some kind of Frankenstein’s monster, jamming pieces and tubing and parts together in no logical order. He’d done a damn thorough job of it too, and Dean was going to have a hell of a time taking it all apart again. “Did you use superglue or something?”
“Several, darling.” Kali patted his hand. “One in nearly every city I have an interest in. Including Baltimore.”
Despite Sam’s close friendship with him and the fact that Brady and Cas were in the same grade, Castiel barely knew the boy. He’d seen him in passing when waiting for Sam at lacrosse practice, and gotten a familiar sort of chin nod from him once or twice in the hallway if they happened to catch eyes. But Castiel was fairly sure that the two or three sentences they’d exchanged the night of Brady’s victory party were the only they’d actually ever spoken to one another.
Sam chuckled. “Yeah, well. Tessa’s nice. And smart. And really good at her job. That was part of the deal for me, you know. Go to therapy, get help getting clean and I would get to stay in school, not go to juvie like Ruby.”
Bobby’s hand dropping on his shoulder startled him. “Couple things there, Castiel.” He grunted. “First; that boy thinks the world of you. Ask anyone who’s seen you two. Or heard him talk about you. Or, hell, been anywhere near him in the last six months.” Bobby ignored Castiel’s doubtful frown and blazed on. “Second; like I said, when he gets scared he gets mean. It’s a defence mechanism. And that ain’t excusing anything he said or did - believe me I know exactly how bitchy he can get - but it means that whatever bullshit he’s hitting you with is about
“I don’t know what she’s so pissed about.” Alfie sighed. “I just said she should go see that stupid movie she’s been talking about for like two weeks now.”
She knew this was a big day for them, and soon she appeared with two plates piled high with fries and two enormous cheeseburgers. No sooner had she set them down than she threw a massive hug around Sam’s shoulders, cradling his head to her chest.
“And you, Dean.” Cas agreed, his arms held limp at his sides as though he didn’t understand how hugs worked. It was so achingly Cas that Dean fought the urge to shake him. “Although I had resolved to honor Sam’s wishes for you, and stop interfering in your life.” Dean thumped him on the back and let out a crippled laugh.
The resulting explosion of Metatron’s grace had expelled Castiel from Heaven. Violently. He had rocketed down to Earth trailing grace from the gaping wound in his neck. The impact was more painful than he could comprehend, tearing at him like rabid demons and burning like hellfire. He thrashed and screamed until he realized the fire was in his grace, not his physical form. He stilled, wings trembling. He gulped down oxygen, terrified to realize he actually needed it, and tried to think past the panic. He pressed his hands - that his vessel still functioned at all was astounding - across the gaping wound in his throat and tried desperately to coax his fleeing grace to heal the slash.
“Oh you wholesome, healthy granola child.” Gabriel sighed dramatically as he headed for the bathroom. “Well if you’re heading out I had better get downstairs and rescue Curtis from himself.”
“Mi casa es su casa, Cas.” Dean declared expansively, drunk on cheddar and bacon. “Especially if you’re going to be cooking anything like that in the near future. Feel free to come use our shitty electric stove whenever you want.” He took a sip of beer and glanced down at his watch, sighing when he realised he was probably going to end up being late after all.
“How are we doing on potatoes?” Norah asked, appearing over his shoulder. She took down her handkerchief to smooth back her blond hair. He’d only known her a few days but Castiel liked Norah. She was hard-working and kind, patient with everyone around her. Castiel’s training with her the day before had been efficient and business-like, and she’d put him directly on the serving line tonight instead of back in the kitchen. It seemed his experience in places like this was something she didn’t see too often and was more than ready to use.
They made it up to the apartment before Cas’s hands were back on him, not the fevered heat of the car but something softer. His fingers traced feather-light along Dean’s collar as soon as Dean flicked on the lights. He placed a delicate kiss at the corner of Dean’s mouth. Dean tried to grip his hips but Cas tilted out of reach, another kiss laid on Dean’s cheek. Dean tried for the back of his neck but Cas’s hand came up to gently block him. He pulled back at Dean’s annoyed huff and smiled, pushing Dean’s hands back to his sides. He tilted his head at Dean, a silent question, and Dean nodded. Whatever Cas was up to, Dean was willing to let him have his fun as long as he kept touching.
They got to work, everyone agreeing that scrambled eggs with mushroom and spring onion was fine. Cas used the little pancake grill in the shop’s kitchen, Gabriel donating some bacon to the cause that had been meant for donut topping. Sam chopped the vegetables while Dean made fun of him for his obsession with ‘rabbit food’. To rebel against even the appearance of healthy eating Dean insisted on making french toast out of the steaming loaf of brioche Gabriel produced, which commandeered even more eggs from Gabriel’s fridge and left Dean and Cas pressed hip-to-hip at the grill. Gabriel made another round of coffees and in no time they had a small feast laid out in the empty shop. As it turned out, there was jam to go with the muffins. Three different kinds.
Dean winced, remembering how little he’d told the woman who had taken him in. “Yeah. He’s uh, he wasn’t as impressive as you’d think. Short.”
The second thing he had noticed was that he was clearly dressed wrong. All his previous schools had been religious institutions where uniforms were required. Castiel only owned a handful of white button-downs and a few pairs of black slacks. Lawrence was a public high school, and he felt almost dizzy at the riotous swirl of colors and clashing patterns that made up the student body. His sleek wingtips stuck out among the neon sneakers and fluff-covered boots. His black hair was combed neatly back from his forehead and clearly he had also made a mistake there. It appeared that at least half of the boys wandering towards the school likely didn’t own a hairbrush at all.
“Delivery for G. Novak?” Dean swivelled around to see a UPS guy wheeling a giant box on a dolly through the door. Gabe jumped down from the counter and brushed a few stray scraps of paper from his sleeves.
“Please don’t think too much about Ruby.” Cas said. “I don’t know who you were when she knew you but who you are now is more important. That anger she brings is unhealthy and completely useless in the life you’ve built for yourself now.”
up his sleeve. “He’s not dumb enough to go anywhere with us without some proof that I am what I say I am.” He turned up his fist, baring his forearm to Cas with a stoic expression. “An angel blade would show if I was anything I shouldn’t be, right?” he asked.
“What does ‘out of my league’ mean?” Cas asked. Dean glanced at him but Cas was looking out the window. “I’ve heard you use the phrase before but I’m not sure I understand it now.”
“It has been used in many ways throughout history. The free masons use a similar sign and there are whole branches of mathematics centered around it.”
Also, near the start of this fic I wrote about Cas associating Dean’s scent with sunlight. One of you lovely readers (you know who you are!) in asking for clarification pointed out that this was a bit of a cliche and didn’t really mean anything specific. It led me to write a few bits in this chapter and later that expands on the idea and brings it into more concrete terms. I hope hope hope you enjoy it!
“Oh.” He stumbled, waving towards Bobby’s office. “Yeah, uh I brought you lunch to apologize for yesterday. For being such a bitch.”
In which the boys get a stern talking to from some unexpected sources. I promise, they will get their shit together soon!! Comments are super appreciated!
Cas gripped Dean’s collar, his knuckles brushing Dean’s jaw, and for a second all Dean could think about was getting those hands back on him. But then Cas swung to the side, dropping onto his hip between Dean and the door.
Castiel snorted, startled to hear such a Sam-like sound from himself. “And give him the chance to pretend he doesn’t want to see you? I don’t think so. Please come? It would be such a shame for you to be so close and spend the holiday alone.”
“Under the table, you mean.” Gabe laughed, waving his hand again to ward off the stink. “Kid’s toasted.”
Barely fifteen minutes later Castiel heard the purr of the impala rumbling through the night, followed by the slam of a heavy door. Afraid that Gabriel would be less than pleased to welcome Dean in at such an hour and after such a day, Castiel shoved his slippers on and darted down the stairs before Dean could ring the bell. He burst through the door at the bottom of the stairs and smacked straight into Dean’s chest, letting out an indelicate
Dean pointed held out the angel blade as she came up, shielding himself and Cas as much as he could with Cas hanging limp against him.
“Luckily this place has a full compliment of first aid supplies.” Sam said. He unscrewed the cap on the bottle and Dean’s nose filled with the scent of iodine. Sam splashed a bit on his arm and pressed the gauze to it. Dean was about to tell Cas to fix it but Sam must have seen it on his face and shook his head. “Not yet. He still doesn’t trust me and this little scrape isn’t worth pushing him.”
“Oh, I’ve heard karate and stuff is a great way to build muscle without bulking up.” Brady said. He launched into an excited talk about all the training he had implemented for the lacrosse team in his years as captain, about the training program the college he would attend next fall had in place for its team. He had been accepted early decision and offered a place on their team. Sam slowly relaxed, his shoulders melting back against the seat.
Cas arched, eyes squeezing shut as he let his hips drive up and up and up. His skin was too tight, every inch of it threatening to burst into light and blind them both. He was panting, sweating and unable - unwilling - to stop the desperate thrust of his hips. Dean groaned against his throat, teeth open wide around his adam’s apple and then Cas was flying.
, Cas. And your life has been pretty shitty these past few months. I didn’t think you’d want some loser mechanic who barely graduated high school getting all weird on you.”
“We knew the only real way to dispose of her was to have her purged by an archangel, or to somehow take her to Cocytus.”
Sam’s voice rang a hundred times in Dean’s memory, “It’s all signed with the same name: Albertus Magnus.”
Bobby nodded sourly. “Of course. You keep your head on straight out there. Maybe now you know about this blessing you can keep yourself from doing anything too stupid because of it, right?”
Cas tilted his head back, gazing upside down at Dean with an expression that could have been anything from pleading to indifference.
“You know, the weirdest thing happened.” Lettie said, tapping her bony fingers on his arm. “He was stumbling around, thought he was drunk. Put out my hand to steady him - lord knows I’ve taken a nose-dive now and then under the influence and I didn’t want him messing up that pretty face. But he had a big cut, right through the shoulder of his coat and shirt and all. I got something on my hand, thought it was blood at first.”
Sam nodded, standing and throwing his arms up over his head for a stretch. “You’re a real bitch when you’re hungry.” He said.
“But, uh,” Dean stuttered even as he arched beneath Cas’s mouth. Cas gripped his shoulder and squeezed. “Cas, if you change your mind, if it’s not as fun as you thought or whatever, you can stop. You know that you can stop whenever you want to, right? I won’t be upset.” Cas was determined, so focused on making sure he didn’t let Dean down in the bedroom department. Dean wanted to make it completely clear that if Cas wasn’t having fun, Dean wasn’t having fun. He did not want the kid pushing himself to fulfil whatever fantasies he’d imagined Dean was imagining. Just having Cas here, that was plenty. He needed Cas to know that.
Finnerman’s smile widened to unnerving extent. “I know Raphael and you have had some problems, and maybe some of his jokes have gone a little too far.” Gabriel snorted but Finnerman continued ignoring him. “And I understand the desire to fight back, maybe
“Gross.” Dean muttered. Bela grinned. “So we scared him enough with the news of the Sambot for him to send you snooping?”
“And he keeps his hands clean again.” Gabriel nodded, his voice shockingly even. “Right. I’m going to have a word with Chuck and then we’ll head out, ok kid?”
“You possess someone?” Ben asked, his hand flying to the talisman at his neck as though ready to rip it off and invite the angel in.
Cas shook his head, rubbing his knuckles against his knee. “It was different after he left. He brought light and laughter into our house. When he was gone it was quiet, oppressive. I always thought Father was a good man. He talked about virtue, charity, forgiveness. He was a pious man, devoted to his work and to the church, but not affectionate in the way Gabriel had been. I always assumed he just had a different way of showing his love. I thought he did the things he did because he wanted what was best for me, for me to be happy. He chose the paths he did for my siblings because he was sure they were the best ones for them. Michael and Lucifer didn’t rebel because they were happy.” He laughed bitterly at the thought. “Looking back I don’t think I understood what happy people even looked like. We never hugged or laughed together, I can barely remember smiling around my father. But Gabriel was different. He made me laugh, he played his pranks. Father’s rule wasn’t the same for him. It was oppressive. It suffocated him, suffocated his heart. It was easy to forgive Gabriel when I knew how unhappy being in our home made him.”
“What?” Snapped Bobby. “I’d get on a hell of a lot faster without you calling me every ten minutes to ask if I’ve gotten anywhere!”
Cas laughed and whipped off his t-shirt. Dean was suddenly faced with a wall of smooth, pale skin and his brain shorted out again. But before he could reach out to touch Cas moved to stand. Dean frowned. He didn’t want Cas on the floor for this. Not the first time. Cas had probably seen that in whatever his hormone-fuelled late-night pornhub searches had yielded, one guy on the ground while the other got to relax. But Dean grabbed his elbows and held him still for a moment.
“We’ll jump off that bridge when we come to it.” Bobby hedged. “But Dean, if it isn’t Sam we gotta gank the son of a bitch. Hell, we might have to even if it is.” The old man looked faintly sick at the idea.
!” Dean groaned. He didn’t know what to do with his hands. He wanted to bury them in Cas’s hair and stroke and twist and pull, but he wasn’t the type of asshole to do that without permission. Cas was the one in control here. So Dean fisted the sheets and promised himself
He waved away the hostess, motioning to the empty side of Bobby’s table and getting a rosy smile in return. She was cute, he registered belatedly, and judging by the way her eyes raked him up and down she was up for a bit more than a beer. He wondered when the attractiveness of the waitresses stopped being the first thing he noticed about a place.
“I suppose so.” He answered Dean. He didn’t want to let Raphael disrupt his life any more than he already had, but it was clear this wasn’t something he could just wait out. Sam was right, he was no okay. And he needed to deal with it. “I wonder if there’s a referral system.”
“Why did you have those?” Sam asked. Dean smirked. Even soulless Sam was still having nerd-outs about dusty old books.
“Cas doesn’t linger.” Gabriel dragged his hand through his hair. “He doesn’t fucking wallow. He dusts himself off, takes his twelve bucks, and moves the fuck on.” A fat tear slid down Gabe’s nose, dangling from the tip before plonking into his drink. “He’s the best of us. And he deserved more than that.”
Cas climbed the stairs to the apartment, a faint tremor chasing itself through his arms. He trailed his finger along the cuts of the key and tried to let that be his sole focus. Anna climbed silently behind him. The only hint that she was there at all was the subtle waft of
“Come with me.” He barked. Sam followed without question as Cas strode away, pulling his phone from his pocket as he went. He pulled up a familiar number and hit send, pressing the phone to his ear.
“Too late now.” He muttered, taking the turn off to Madison, Wisconsin. The Biggerson’s sat on the outskirts of town just where the freeway came in from the south so it was easy enough for Dean to find. He pulled into the parking lot and turned off the engine, gripping the steering wheel tight in the vain hope that it might somehow help him get a better grip on himself. He spotted a rusted-out pickup with a familiar red paint job and huffed.
He nodded. “Yep.” He wasn’t really sure why this chick seemed so aggressive about it, but there was no point denying the brunette was good looking.
Cas’s voice cut through the cloud of rage clogging Dean’s head. “You remembered it all.” He said quietly.
A garbled moan slid through Bill’s teeth as he tore free of Cas’s grasp and stumbled into the room. Cas must have let the guy go, and the angel watched silently as the frail man gathered the girl up in his arms. She clung to him, her fingers digging deep into the frayed fabric of his sweatshirt. They didn’t speak, just rocked together in eery silence. Sam stood off to one side, just watching.
“These assholes, they…” but she couldn’t continue through the tears. She sniffled into his t-shirt as he awkwardly patted her on the back. Over her shoulder Dean saw Cas shrink into an even smaller ball where he sat.
He was over by the mantlepiece with a few of his teammates, recalling some of the game’s highlights if their hand motions were any indication. Sam appeared to be in good spirits, laughing and talking with James and a boy Castiel was pretty sure was named Mark. At first he had stuck close to Castiel, but Cas had assured him that he would be fine if Sam wanted to speak to his other friends. Castiel still tended to make strangers uncomfortable, and he didn’t want to impose too much on Sam’s night. He kept Sam in sight, but mostly he just watched the party go on around him.
“Seriously, dude.” He murmured. “I know you’re scared shitless she’ll say no, but she’s about three days more waiting away from slicing your nuts off.”
It was true, Castiel knew. Curtis was not very good with bread products. His attempts at croissants usually came out tiny, rocklike, with raw centers, and he found it best not to even mention the challah incident. So when Norah had called Reynard’s to ask if they might help her shore up her stock when her supplier had screwed up the order for Christmas Eve, Gabriel had taken the opportunity to whip Curtis into shape. Twelve dozen yeast rolls later Gabriel was at least confident his assistant had one bread recipe down. Castiel counted again just to make sure they hadn’t forgotten a batch.
“Shut your mouth!” she hissed, and the room shivered around them. Dean gripped the doorframe, steadying himself against another roll but it didn’t come. Lisa shushed her, pressing her palm into the girl’s cheek and kissing her forehead like she was just a kid with a scraped knee. Gabriel let out a soft little whine and leaned into it.
Not exactly the happy guy Sam had told him to be. He tried again, forcing his eyes to fold at the corners like they used to. Showed more teeth, cocked an eyebrow the way he had at a hundred waitresses and truck stop chicks. The result was only slightly less unsettling. It was like someone else was wearing his face, someone ancient and hopeless. Someone who had no clue how to work it.
“Down, boy.” grinned Crowley, perching on the edge of the table. “I don’t need a new chew toy at the moment.”
“That can’t kill a demon, surely?” Sam asked, examining it more closely. If they’d really been missing out on something that simple all these years Dean was gonna punch himself.
Castiel’s last class let out early and he found himself waiting anxiously by the soda machines well before any of the other students began streaming out towards the parking lot. He was oddly excited at the prospect of spending the afternoon with his new… friends? Did he have friends? He wasn’t sure. Acquaintances, certainly. He’d have liked to ask them if they were his friends now, but he remembered the few occasions where he’d done just that and been greeted with mystification and outright disgust. He would have to keep quiet and hope to pick up clues.
Dean snorted. “I don’t remember you having such a problem with that last year.” He shuddered away from the memory of Falling Cas.
Dean dropped a hand on Cas’s shoulder and squeezed. “It’s not that hard.” He said, keeping his voice light. “There’s some stuff that everyone needs so we start there.” He showed Cas the aisles where the plain packs of t-shirts were stacked and grabbed a couple in his size, one plain white and one with some grays and blues. Underwear was easy, too. Since Cas couldn’t try on any styles to see what he was most comfy in Dean dropped a pack of boxer briefs and a pack of traditional boxers in the cart. He’d be damned (again) if Cas was gonna be running around fighting monsters in tighty-whities so those got a hard pass. Dean had plenty of old sweats for Cas to have but he threw in a pair of flannel pj pants just for fun. They had little bees on them and Dean couldn’t resist.
world, Balthazar.” He explained. “That is the whole point. We can think for ourselves now. Choose for ourselves. Our Father has given us
“Sam looks very alert this morning.” Cas commented, obviously having no trouble finding Gargantua out among the pygmys either.
Gabriel rolled her eyes. “Come on, Castiel. I swear on the name of our father that nothing is going to happen to you or Dean if you come with us inside. It’s safe, ok?” Cas stared at her for another long moment. When he didn’t budge Gabriel sighed. “Gonna make me beg, hu?” she muttered, rubbing a hand over her face in a bizarrely adult gesture. She tilted her head up and spit out a garbled string of harsh syllables - Enochian, Dean recognized. Whatever she said was like an electric charge through Castiel. He stood straight up, his eyes widening in shock as his blade dropped to his side.
Castiel waved back and offered Alfie a hand up. “Here,” he said, trading backpacks. Alfie shouldered his much lighter back looking confused.
Castiel shook his head. “You told me to take it seriously.” He said, looking his brother dead in the eyes. “I’m taking this seriously.”
“Yeah well,” Dean grumbled, remembering Sam’s reaction when he’d heard the heavenly host was for real, “if you see any others you can just assume they’re not here to help. First thing you learn about angels is they’re a bunch of dicks.”
Becky scowled and backed up as he turned to face her, her sneakers squeaking on the basketball court. Behind them he heard Virgil and Hannah practicing the same flèche he was attempting to teach them. Or re-teach them, really. Their non-existant coach - Castiel couldn’t even remember what his name was - had never taught them the technique and Alfie and Virgil had only learned it from a youtube video. And learned it incorrectly. Becky had the worst habits, as usual. She telegraphed her intentions miles before she actually moved, then pulled up short at the last second and ruined any chance she had at scoring a touch.
“I’m just glad to see you got some pep back in your step, Winchester.” Ash called, crawling into his massive pickup. It was parked the usual three spots from Dean’s car, since Dean had threatened to de-ball Ash with a spork if that rolling scrap-heap ever even
“Lisa!” he called up the stairs, waiting until she popped her head out of Ben’s room. “Cas and I are gonna grab some supplies from the garage. We can get in and out,” he glanced at Cas for confirmation and Cas nodded, “so don’t open the door for anything, got it?”
That had left him with the brothers. He’d been worried he would need to talk Sam through his anger a bit more, but it seemed both the Winchesters were quite happy to let him sit quietly and rest while they carried on with their day. It was very peaceful, slumped in their warm silence. Sam opened a textbook and began taking neat and extensive notes while Dean flicked through the television. They ended up watching a very old medical program that appeared to take place in a war zone, Dean whistling along with the theme tune as helicopters ferried wounded soldiers into a tent camp.
“Dean.” He said over and over when he could bring himself to pull away from Dean’s mouth. Dean loosened against him, his smile stretching wide as he finally pushed back.
Cas rolled his eyes and shoved at Dean’s shoulder. “You’re going to be terrible about this, aren’t you?”
“What kind of big bro would I be if I didn’t pick you up from your first day?” He’d asked. Castiel hadn’t had an answer for that so it was agreed. Now he stood, watching cars come and go through the gates, students crowding past and calling to one another with nearly as much enthusiasm as they had this morning.
“Awesome.” Dean was very quiet for another four and a half minutes while he tried really hard to eat faster and slower at the same time. As he got near the far crust he started taking smaller and smaller bites to try and make it last. He took a bite of the pickle to slow himself down and he could hardly believe the sandwich could get any better but it did. So
Alfie looked between the two of them, then sighed and dropped into the last chair at their table. “Nothing.” He muttered, throwing one long-fingered hand over his eyes. There was an actual note of annoyance in his voice and Dean raised his eyebrows.
“I’ve seen you. You lift the heavy things before he has a chance. You dump out his coffee when it’s too old and he would keep drinking it anyway. You do it without even noticing. You are the same with Ellen. And Jo. And everyone you care about. You take care of everyone, Dean. Even people you barely know. You’d spoken to me, what, three times when you stopped to drive me to the hospital that day?”
Nikki sighed. “As much as I’d like to pretend I’m just a hell of a gal and saved your asses out of the kindness of my heart,” Dean snorted, “I do actually kind of need something from you guys.”
Dean bit his cheek and scolded himself for breaking the mood. “That’s ok.” He said lightly. “There’s plenty of time before graduation. And no one says you gotta know right now. You’ve got a job and Gabriel doesn’t seem in any rush to pack you off to school.”
Cas just reached down and yanked the knife out - not even a drop of blood on the blade - and offered it back to Dean handle first. Dean stared at it, his fingers strangely weak. Cas looked at him for a moment, his head tilted serenely over his right shoulder as if trying to fathom why Dean had begun to sweat. “No harm done, Dean.” Cas assured him after a long moment, opening his coat to show Dean his unblemished white shirt.
Dean laid his hand over hers, hoping the gentle squeeze he gave her fingers conveyed at least some of his gratitude.
“Oh, don’t give me that bullshit.” Spat Finnerman, not even deigning to glance at Cas. “Look at him! A disgrace. He broke that Kennedy boy’s nose!”
“Get your head in the game, boy.” Ellen shouted as he nearly dropped a basket of fries. He shrugged apologetically and pushed out into the bar. He balanced a tray on each arm, wishing Ellen would spring for the big ones so he could just haul one. By the time he got back to the table Sam was explaining that they had never lived in Connecticut.
Cas opened his eyes and said in a flat voice, “He’s dead.” He told Dean in halting, flat sentences about Metatron’s betrayal, his attempt to steal Cas’s grace, Cas’s last effort to stop him. When he fell silent Dean wasn’t sure how to react. He always seemed to forget that those dickhead angels were Cas’s
“I’m not sure.” Cas admitted. He stood and drew his coat tighter around himself. “We walked a very long way, I think.”
“Thank you, Dean.” Cas said, taking the blood-stained cotton from him. “Thank you for taking me to the hospital.”
Castiel actually laughed. It had been a long time since he’d really laughed, throwing his head back and letting it roll out of him like water. That wonderful sore feeling in his stomach outweighed the strain on his ribs as he laughed and laughed and laughed. Four sets of eyes turned to him, amazed as he wiped a tear from his eye.
Dean explained about Morpheus and The Endless as they sauntered up to the porch, leaving the shotgun propped against the railing. Even without an air-conditioner the inside of the house was lovely and cool after the dusty summer sun, and Dean sighed as he stripped his filthy t-shirt, grabbing a clean one from the basket of unfolded laundry by Bobby’s staircase.
Cas crouched against the bridge’s guardrail, his blood-spattered sword gleaming in Dean’s headlights. Squaring off with him were two long-limbed, pale-skinned monsters with hideous white eyes as big as dinner plates.
“Right.” With a dramatic sigh the kid climbed the stairs, stomping a bit but not daring to slam the door as he disappeared into his room.
“Well here comes Sam.” She pointed to where Sam was shoving his way through the crowd towards them. As he reached the table he dropped his bag and slid into his seat, letting out an exhausted groan and throwing his head back so that his hair draped over his shoulders.
“My sister.” She slid onto a stool, completely unphased by Dean’s anger. She took a slurp of smoothie and made a face at it. “She and I have both been looking for you, I just happened to find you first. She can help me explain. You want to let her in?”
Cas took him in a little deeper, squinting as Dean felt his cock hit the back of his throat. Cas pulled back with a hurried gasp, coughing and spluttering into the crease of Dean’s thigh. Dean gave in for a moment, stroking a gentle hand through Cas’s wild hair and feeling like his heart might fly out of his mouth any second. If he hadn’t been so far gone Dean would have laughed at the annoyed glare Cas was sporting as he dove back in, more determined than ever. This time he slipped slowly over Dean, heat and wet and a tiny groan in his throat driving Dean crazy. When he couldn’t take any more in without choking he wrapped his hand around the rest and began to bob his head. He moved his hand clumsily in time, stumbling a bit before he found a rhythm. It was messy and a little uncoordinated and Dean never wanted it to stop. He thrashed beneath Cas’s arm, whining as Cas pressed him harder into the bed.
“Oo, Sammy, you treat me so good!” Dean crooned, rushing over to flip the lid open. His eyes went wide and he licked his lips, pulling a doughnut up to inspect.
Out of the corner of his eye he saw Ben staring at him, eyes wide and frightened. Shit. He didn’t do the drinking thing in front of Ben, no more than a glass of whiskey at dinner or a beer here and there. Barbecues, football nights… like any other normal suburban house husband. Cause that’s what he was supposed to be now. That’s who he was for Sam, wherever the real Sam was. And Ben and Lisa. Goddamn had he dragged them from their safe, comfortable home for this shit?
“Have fun.” Alfie called after him, raising his glass in a toast. He shook his head. “I might be a little drunk, myself.” He admitted.
Cas flushed, pulling a pan down from the fancy hanging rack thing Gabe had over the sink and setting on a burner. The song had ended and Dexy’s Midnight Runners started thumping their bass.
Alright folks!!! This chapter puts that word-count goal at exactly 20,000!! That leave me about 19.5 hours to get another 5,000 out there and slay that personal goal! I apologize if this feels a bit rough but I am going in whole hog here with little to no editing to reach this goal.
In fact, without Sam it probably wouldn’t have happened at all. He’d been the one to pull Dean’s head out of his ass and make him apologize to Cas. Without Sam Dean would probably still be pretending that first kiss was a joke and he and Cas would probably barely talk to each other. Sam was definitely to thank for sorting out that mess.
“But is that how love works?” Cas sighed, his gaze drifting back out the windshield. “You scratch my back, I scratch yours? It seems so cold.”
He glanced over his shoulder to find he and a few other boys swaggering towards him up the sidewalk. He took in their flashy clothes and designer watches, their artfully distressed jeans and Italian leather shoes - they looked so ludicrous on weedy high school students - slapping noisily on the pavement. At least something seemed to translate seamlessly from private to public education: the contemptible rich kids.
“Who is it?” Castiel asked, wondering which of his brothers and sisters had gained the courage to begin thinking of opposing Raphael.
They came to a stop behind the fourth player, an old man in a wheelchair. He was wearing a pair of neat brown slacks and brightly polished shoes. A cozy oatmeal sweater was draped around his thin shoulders and his sparse hair was combed back in a slick swoop. His moustache was neatly trimmed and a cup of tea sat cooling on the table beside him.
The talk of family didn’t last, the subject quickly turning to Castiel and his new life alongside Gabriel. At first he squirmed, fully aware of how painful it must be for Lucifer to see him here, happy and free as he had never been with the rest of his family. But as Lucifer kept up a gentle course of questions, asking about everything from his grades to his work at the garage he found it easier to open up. Lucifer was surprised to hear Castiel had taken fencing back up.
“Oh, jesus!” Sam laughed, and they were all off again. Yeah. Definitely shaping up to be a great Christmas.
His hair was a tangled cloud and his face looked even sharper than usual. From the looks of it he’d already had a few. When he caught Dean’s eye he nearly crawled over the bar to say hello.
“Sample of what?” Cas asked, ignoring her touch and peering closer at the pill. It appeared to have a small S stamped on it, like the symbol of that flying alien in the movies Dean had made him watch. Perhaps it was a children’s vitamin?
A couple patrons gasped and Cas could see one girl behind Finnerman fumbling to open her cell phone.
“Have you ever known me to be selfless? Altruistic?” she asked him and Cas had to shake his head. Kali was a lovely woman, polished and polite, but Cas was under no illusions as to why his brother got along so well with her. She was a ruthless businesswoman, clever and no-nonsense in everything she did. From what he had seen her sense of humor tended more toward the cruel, though mostly that was directed at Gabriel who gave as good as he got.
He groaned and nudged at Cas’s temple, trying to bring his face back up for another kiss. Instead Cas trailed his lips to Dean’s ear, his tongue doing something fucking wonderful and snapping Dean’s head back against the bench seat.
Cas sighed, remembering the many nights he’d gone to bed before his father had even made it home. Sundays were often the only day of the week Eli Novak had joined them for dinner. “Not very well, I’m assuming.” He guessed.
The game was excellent. Sam played the entire second half. He was a natural leader on the field, even Castiel could see. He got two assists and scored three goals - what Dean called a ‘hat-trick’, inspiring Gabriel to lead a large section of the crowd in a rude song about the other team’s ram mascot until the referee came over and told him to stop. Lawrence beat the visiting team fourteen to nine and Castiel could still feel the heat of Dean’s side pressed up against his on the ride home.
“Thank you, Sam.” Castiel said, his smile returning. Before Dena could respond to his text with anything more helpful Castiel spotted Jo making her way across the cafeteria, Alfie close behind her. Cas switched his phone off again and tucked it away, smiling as his friends waved.
Cas actually growled. “We’re not going anywhere until you explain what you are.” he said, stepping closer to Dean. What the hell was his problem? They both had their brothers back from the dead - or maybe sister, in Cas’s case, but whatever - and he was acting like they were the enemy. Dean glared at him.
Just as the bacon was getting crispy and Bill Withers was accusing some girl of using him up the others piled in. Nikki had a candy bar open and half-eaten and was looking much happier for it.
“Sure.” They hung up, Dean gripping his phone in frustration. What the hell was he supposed to do if Cas wouldn’t let him chase this bastard down and no one could find a single sign pointing to a possible culprit? He needed Sammy and his magic laptop, goddamnit. With his research skills they’d have had it wrapped up by lunch.
“CAS!” Dean slapped a hand over Cas’s mouth and glared. He was not about to have Cas tell Ben all about his blood-soaked stint in the Pit and how the God Squad had to save his ass because he was dumb enough to start the end of days. “Let’s not bring that up, ok?” he growled.
“Oh definitely.” Dean nodded. “You can’t get all spiffed up and shiny and not expect me not to want to muss you up again.”
He plucked the brochure from Cas’s fingers and handed over a suspiciously familiar envelope with a determined frown. Cas cringed as he recognized the stationary from his ill-conceived attempt at paying rent. Gabriel didn’t flinch at Cas’s reaction, but he didn’t seem angry either. Cas took it and flicked open the tab, finding a single sheet of paper folded inside. He unfolded it and blinked a few times, trying to understand what he was seeing.
This is not particularly relevant to this chapter, but it's basically a song written by and for Dean Winchester.
Dean slid behind the wheel, his fingers tapping manically against his thighs as he stared out the windshield. Castiel waited, unwilling to break the tense silence that settled over them. He tipped his head back against the seat and waited. He could hear a siren’s hollow wail far away, the distant hum of traffic from the freeway, and the short, sharp huffs of Dean’s breaths. If he closed his eyes perhaps he could stay in this moment a little longer, before everything changed and he was forced away.
Cas scoffed, rubbing his thumb rhythmically across the embossed lettering of Lucifer’s card. The corners were worn down and smudged from a night spent twirling it in time with the restless spin of his mind. “Lucifer rarely apologizes.” He said. In fact, he couldn’t think of a single time his older brother had ever said the words “I’m sorry.” To anyone.
“How the fuck…” Dean whined, twisting the scissors in his hand. His crumpled scrap of paper looked more like a slice of swiss cheese than the delicate, airy snowflakes Cas was turning out by the dozen. They were all different sizes and he never repeated the same design, making each one as unique as an actual snowflake. Dean glanced at his own pitiful pile of five mangled attempts and sighed. He straight-up sucked at this.
Sam shrugged, undisturbed. “If he’s been paying attention these last few years he can’t have missed the signs. I figure he’s more likely to trust the guys that averted the apocalypse than two random hunters. Even if we are his friend’s grandsons.”
Cas couldn’t remember sleeping so well in weeks. His dreams were peaceful, just he and Sam standing on a hilltop watching a murmuration of starlings wheel and flush overhead. He and Gabriel sitting in the tree in his father’s garden, their legs dangling over starlit water. He and Dean watching a wide brown river as it rolled sluggishly by under the setting sun. He awoke feeling like he’d grown a new skin overnight, a brighter, cleaner one that he’d worn yesterday.
It wasn’t hard to understand how Sam might have felt smothered by Dean, controlled. It was written into every molecule of Dean to watch out for Sam.
.” He hissed. He was going to break Raphael’s fingers one by one. The sorry son of a bitch was going to wish he’d never fucking
.” He bared his teeth in fierce pride. “He’s the best of us. Always was. Michael is Dad’s soulless little automaton, just point him in a direction and watch him go. Lucifer is enough of a dick to live up to his name, and I’ve been a selfish coward since before I can remember. Anna’s alright but even she couldn’t crawl out from under Dad’s thumb far enough to have a goddamn life of her own. But Castiel…” he banged his fist on the bar again. “He was always good. He’s honest and kind and smart and brave and stupidly optimistic and always just exactly what he is.”
“Bela works for Crowley now.” Sam explained, ignoring Dean’s discomfort. Or maybe without a soul he didn’t recognize shit like that anymore. “She said he bought up tons of contracts when we killed Lilith. He sent her out to figure out what I am and if I’m planning on breaking open the cage.”
“We miss anything important?” Dean asked. “Any major disasters hit the world while we took a drive?”
“I got more sleep than you last night, Dean.” Sam bitched, his fingers tapping impatiently against the page.
Dean shook his head, still hiccoughing. “Nah. Not really.” He slipped his arm around Cas’s waist and nuzzled against his temple. “Hey, Cas?”
He gulped in a painful gasp, feeling like a giant fist was tightening around his ribs. His lungs were full of sand, too heavy to expand properly. Lisa was staring at him, her eyes huge and full of sympathy he didn’t want, couldn’t stand. Cas was at his shoulder, his fingers still resting gently at the edge of his brow. Bobby was there, pressing a cup of whiskey into his hands with a grim expression.
Cas smiled shyly. “A very dear one.” He nodded. “He is Sam’s older brother, and works for Bobby and Ellen both.”
Cas blinked in confusion, his eyes rolling up as though he might be able to see the top of his own head. “My vessel is not taken into consideration among the host, Dean.”
“There!” the curly-headed girl said, pointing to the other end of the bridge. Dean looked, but there was nothing there.
“Getting a little ahead of myself.” Gabriel grumbled, opening another search window. “First thing’s first.” He googled bus tickets from Connecticut and Kansas, barely noticing the prices. “Lucky for you, kid, I happen to know that what a Novak striking out into the great, wide world needs most is someone looking out for them.” He leapt up, running to retrieve his wallet and credit cards. One bus ticket purchased, he opened a reply to the email and began typing furiously.
She looked at him a long moment before raising onto her tiptoes to kiss his cheek. “Thanks, Cas.” She smiled.
“I know.” Gabriel said, tapping her little knuckles against her sternum. “The piece that was with him knew him. And now it’s back with me. If I’d known…”
“Demons!” Sam called somewhere to the right. Ganem shouted. Bodies were pouring through the shattered window and Dean’s boots crunched over broken glass as he spun to meet them. A hand on his shoulder, the reek of sulphur in his nose.
Sam blew out a breath, standing to go refill Cas’s coffee cup and pour one for himself. When he was settled back in his chair Cas continued.
Cas stepped forward but Dean cut him off, not about to let him spill out the whole story and get them kicked out or committed. If it was left to him the angel would probably have just stormed the place, dropping in on Ganem directly. Dean didn’t like to think of the ruckus that could cause at an old folks home. Cas glanced at him and Dean just shook his head, pushing him gently aside. Dean plastered on his widest smile, hoping it looked sincere, and leaned his elbows on the desk. “Hi, miss.” He drawled, watching the color climb up her cheeks as he poured on the charm. He glanced at the pink name plate beside her keyboard. “Grace. I’m Dean, this is Sam and that’s Cas. We’re looking for someone.”
Gabriel had listened alongside the officers, still and silent and livid. He’d waited through all of Castiel’s treatment and signed his release, sat in the back of the impala with him as Dean drove them home. He had settled Castiel on the couch with a cup of tea and his thickest, fluffiest blankets. He had even made Dean and Cas sandwiches and offered Dean one of his fancy beers.
Hannah’s grace rippled, satisfied. “Raphael continues to site your absence from Heaven as a sign that you are no longer fit to inhabit it, let alone rule it.” She informed him. “You need to increase your presence here.”
“Ah, but now Winchester is off the market and us poor slobs have a chance again.” Ash laughed. “You’ve been ensnared by the pretty eyes and dusky voice of our own Castiel Novak. Never thought I’d see it but that kid makes you go downright gooey, Dean Machine.”
“That information would only be in his journal.” Ganem said, keeping his eyes on the photograph. “You’ll have to get to the Headquarters.”
Ash laughed and stuck his hand out for Cas to shake. It was rather like clasping a damp sock rather than shaking hands but Castiel felt the warmth of the gesture just the same. “Good to know you, Cas.” He soughed easily, leaning back on his heels until he tipped and stumbled away.
“How minor?” Cas demanded, a bizarrely painful bolt of dread lancing through his chest. His father was ill. His father was never ill. Something must be terribly wrong for Lucifer to come all this way to tell him. There was also a tiny, tightly curled emotion lodged deep in the back of his head that he chose not to look at too closely just now.
“Hey!” Ash puffed himself up, fluffing his bangs. “For your information I need no help when it comes to females. They are captivated by my majesty.” He shook out his mullet, Dean and Benny sharing a snicker. “It’s just a little hard to get a word in edgewise with Señor Winchester poking his pecker into every eligible lady that walks by.”
“Only one thing for it, Cas. Gotta huddle up and hope Sammy gets here before we freeze to death.” Dean gathered Cas’s shaking body in his arms, pressing close and spreading his soaked jacket over them both. It wasn’t windy so that should keep at least a little of the heat in. At least he hoped so. He squirmed closer, knees tucking up behind Cas’s.
“Yes.” Castiel smiled gratefully at the change of subject. He had really white teeth. “He called it his ‘office’ before, but it was full of comic books and inappropriate magazines. I suppose the desk was what qualified it as a workspace in his mind.”
“Just grab whatever looks interesting.” Dean suggested, grabbing a few packs of beef jerky off the discount rack. The Impala’s stash of road snacks had been sorely depleted over the last month or two and he figured they’d better stock back up if they were heading to New Orleans in a few days. He turned to find Cas holding a bag of chocolate-covered coffee beans and plucked them from his hands, dumping them in the cart with a smile.
“But you said we shouldn’t talk to Martin anymore. We shouldn’t be buying him food. You said that good Christians didn’t cater to the weakness of lesser men. That if Martin wanted to better himself he would give up the earthly vices of cigarettes and the beer and turn himself over to God. Only then would he be worthy of our charity.”
Bobby had given Dean Monday afternoon off - insisted, actually - and Ellen had flat-out refused to let him into the bar under pain of death. So Dean had stomped in somewhere around two and begun cleaning their apartment with frightening vigour. Sam’s nose still burned from the gallons of bleach Dean had assaulted the bathroom tile with, and the oven had gotten a long-overdue deep clean. The tired old vacuum had made several appearances and Dean was currently wedged halfway into their now-empty refrigerator armed with dishwashing gloves, a loofa-looking thing, and a bowl of some weird baking soda concoction he’d mixed up.
Dean quickly let go, shame bubbling up his throat. “Sorry.” He muttered, unable to look her in the eye. He was a fucking mental case.
