Sam was trying to understand these odd occurrences that were happening to his brother, “What is going on with you, Dean? First, you touch the book that just happens to have the answer we were looking for and now your beer flies across the table.” Sam started question his brother, “Have you been having any visions?”
Upon waking the second time that morning, he was surprised to find no bouts of questions as he suspected. They headed back to the farmhouse to make sure that the werewolf pack was gone. From there they parted ways, Bobby returned to Sioux Falls to handle somethings and the brothers returned to the bunker. Before Bobby left he assured them he would return in about a month to the bunker. Dean was finding the whole situation weird; it was like nothing had happened at all yesterday. The car ride back to the bunker with Sam was a little too silent for his taste.
Returning back to the war room, Bobby asked, “Maybe the Drakkoons have something to do with Dean's return? Have you looked into that?”
“All morning long we’ve been getting calls around town and from other counties about strange happenings.”
Cas was in the veil library looking for a book on ancient language deciphering. He had gone through a few already none of them that would be helpful. He tossed the book he was currently scan aside as Orandriel appeared next to him. She placed a book on the table in front of him, "I believe this is what you are looking for."
“I figured if any one could bend the rules, it would be you.” He moved to another pile of books and looked through them.
Thank you all so much for the comments and kudos. Sorry my chapters have been so short. I would rather provide you with something then never update. But I can assure you that the next few chapters will be worth the wait and longer in length.
"Maybe we should put him in his bed?" inquired Sam. Bobby nodded and they carried Dean to his room. After placing him in his bed, Sam took Dean's shoes, jacket and flannel off to make him more comfortable. Sam kept dabbing his brother's forehead. Bobby left to bring in a ice cold bowl of water to re-wet the cloth. Sam worked on cooling his brother down while Bobby stood by. Ten minutes had passed and other than a few noise from Dean, he still had not woken up. Right when they were contemplating taking him to the healer, Dean opened his eyes, "Sammy?"
He received no verbal response which he knew he wouldn't but he needed to say it. His response, however, was greeted by a kiss to the cheek. Upon that token of love and comfort, sleep found the hunter.
Before anything else could be said they were pulling up to the next house and everything was done just as before. The four of them approached the house, ask to come inside, and proceeded with questioning. This time the victim was a male and his story was different from the others but the end was the same missing spouse and graffiti. Once again, Dean was feeling off again and it was worse. He excused himself outside for some fresh air and upon doing so found sigils on the west side of the house; sigils he recognized. Before he could yell out to Sam and Bobby, they were exiting the house with Jodi and the homeowner.
He waited until Sam left the bunker library before he projected himself to the bunker. He flipped open the book, he sent them, to the Drakkoon chapter hoping that they would take that as a sign to mainly focus on that information. He knew he was successfully when he watched Sam discover the opened book.
She turned him around to face the wall that displayed the bunker's empty library, they walked towards it to gain a better view. Castiel watched intently for any sign of the book then he saw it, a purple glow from under a pile of books on the table. Then Sam entered the library and started cleaning the table up a bit. Dean came in a little while later with plates and a bag. Castiel was on edge watching the Winchesters eat lunch, talk, and research; he hoped they would find the book soon. Then he saw it, Sam grabbed the book he had sent to them. He waited for them to open it when something else caught his eye. Dean had pushed aside his piece of pie and before Castiel had time to comment on it; Sam interjected, "Wrong flavor?"
Sam stood from his chair and started pacing, “Aren't you just a little bit curious about this? I mean think about. . . .”
Dean finished his prayer just in time for Bobby and Sam to enter the bunker in celebratory mode. Sam handed him a beer as he listened to them rave about their conquest.
Bobby looked over at Sam trying to figure out what in the world was going on, "Condition?"  Sam said nothing in response to his question.
“From the sound of it, you didn’t really have a choice. Don’t start feeling sorry for yourself now. We will find a way to get him back.” Bobby watched in sadness as Dean’s lip trembled just a little on the subject.
Bobby and Sam were becoming very unsettled by how calm Dean had been about his symptoms. Now they knew for sure that Dean knew more than he was telling. They returned to the table determined more than ever to figure out what to do about Dean. Bobby picked up a book then set it down as he looked at Sam and said “Did he just say he was going to take a nap?”
Dean hung up with Bobby to check-in with his brother, "So, what now? It feels like we're at a standstill."
Bobby cleared his throat which caused Dean to sit upright, eyes still closed, "I think you're right, Sam. I am feeling a little sleepy." He faked a yawn, stood from his chair, patted Dean on the shoulder as he left the library. Sam helped Dean out of the chair and to his room.
"We have been pretty occupied with other things," Dean looked down towards his abdomen, "And we haven’t really been looking for any hunts. It's probably legit. You should go. Might help to get away from here for a little while."
Lastly, Bobby was still receiving calls from various hunters in a panic after hearing about Drakkoon demons. He was able to assure them that they did not exist but of course, that was a lie. He called Sam and Dean to let them know that more and more hunters are become aware of the demons. Bobby assured them that he would just keep telling the other hunters lies until it was necessary to tell them the truth.
“You mean me.” Dean tossed the items onto the counter, “Look, I know you feel the need to look out for me or whatever but everything is fine.”
"What is going on with you? Earlier you were gun ho for a hunt and now you're acting like someone stole your puppy." A look of realization came over Sam's face then he chuckled, "Are you having mood swings?"
Cas stood from his crouched position and headed over to the other side of the bed where there was more room for him. He sat down at the foot of the bed and placed his head in his hands. He felt Dean move behind him, "Cas?"
He propped his feet up on the table, leaned back in his chair, crossed his arms, and closed his eyes, “Okay, but only for five minutes.”
“Don’t you think I want to be out there helping. I do. I just. . . .” Dean stopped himself before he said too much.
They waited till the morning to take off. It was not going to be a pleasure visit, just a quick look and see then back to the bunker. Little did they know that the trip would bring more success than they thought.
He closed his eyes at his idiocy of not checking his caller ID. He removed the phone from his ear as he took a breath and regained his composure. He placed it back to his ear, “Hey, Sammy.”
Sam knelt down next to his brother, “Dean?” The only response he received was Dean yelling out in pain and reaching for him.
Bobby threw the only book they had on Drakkoons into the center of the table as well as some ancient language books, "Lets get cracking."
The brothers shared a look before returning their attention back to Bobby. Sam chuckled nervously as Dean side smirked at Bobby.
Three more nights, they woke up to Dean restlessly sleeping. Knowing they were nightmares they did not rush to his aid. Dean would not talk about the nightmares that were invading his mind.
With his nose still in the book, Sam relayed a question to his brother, “So, what do you think now? Is it worth trying?”
His question was answered for him when he felt hands wrap around his chest and a kisses trailed from his shoulder blade to his neck. He turned in Cas' arms to face him. Dean reached up and kissed Cas on the mouth, moaning a little as he did. He decide to indulge a little in his fantasy before he wakes up. Their hands traveled over each other's body and kissed were placed on lips, necks, and chests. They moved themselves to the bed where more body exploring and making out happened.
"It didn't, okay? Let's be thankful for that and move on. What's done is done and I do it again in a heartbeat." Dean laid down in the back seat, "If you don't mind, I'm going to try and get a little sleep to try and get rid of this headache."
Sam sat down in front of his brother with a tall glass of water and chagrined at the food in front of Dean, "That is the last time I ever let you order my drinks. What were you serving me anyway?"
Sam stared at Dean dead serious, "It's not a joke. Turns out that theory we had months ago is real."
He left to inform Dean of the latest news on their research. He found Dean asleep on his bed and decided not to wake him. Bobby and Sam used that time of the hunter sleeping to pack up their things. So that when he woke up, they would tell him the news and head out. They figured California, being the farthest from Kansas, would be their first stop. As if on cue, Dean woke and stumbled out of his bedroom as they finished packing everything in the car.
After visiting the kitchen to make himself a sandwich he decided to check in on Sam and Bobby. But he found a note instead from Sam stating that they were going out to help with the Hexcula nest and would be back when they finished with the hunt.
Cas returns back to Bobby’s place in the veil feeling slightly deflated at his ability to be useful to his hunter. He sat down on the couch and massages his temples to think of his next approach to research and where his time would be more useful.
Satisfied that he had helped, he once again returned to the veil library, as he was looking through a book he felt a presence join him. He knew exactly who it was and didn't bother to acknowledge her. Cas continued to look through the book in his hand.
They walked towards the cabin. Dean was a little apprehensive cause he knew exactly what they were working with. As they approached the door, Garth grabbed the doorknob and swung the door open. Dean walked inside with Garth following close behind him. There sitting in the chair in the middle of the living room was Micha.
The next day around lunch time, Dean was in his room napping when a delicious smell pulled him from his slumber. He entered to see a plated burger on the counter by the stove. Looking around the kitchen, he noticed a salad sitting on the table, so he figured his little brother made him lunch.  He took the burger over to the table to enjoy. Sam walked in to see Dean eating his burger, "Dude?! That's my lunch."
He looked down at the image once again and laughed. He entered the library,"Told me what? All you did was give me a sonogram picture.”
"Hi there, sleeping beauty." Dean said sarcastically, "This is how its' going to go. I ask a few questions and you answer them. We let you go. But if you refuse, we make your life a living hell."
The three of them spent the rest of the afternoon just sitting around chilling, talking, joking, and sharing some great hunting stories.
Dean returned his gaze to the ground. He could feel emotion welling up inside him and didn't want Cas to know but unfortunately it slipped out when he tried to laugh off Cas' request.
Sam smiled at his brother. Dean left to put some actual clothes on after spending all day in his lounge wear while Sam continued with the groceries. In the midst of doing that, they heard the bunker door open, Sam was the first to respond to the noise. He entered the war room to see Bobby coming down the stairs.
Dean joined his brother in the library when he was done eating and put the leftovers away. Bobby was in the war room returning phone calls with hunters who had called him looking for information on whatever various monsters they were chasing.
Sam took a seat across from his brother, "California. The ancient giants is referring to the tall redwood trees."
Sam nodded his head. He was okay with that for the meantime but it wasn't going to stop him from intervening when it felt necessary.
With Dean out of sight , he turned his attention to Sam as he looked at the book in his hand, “Hey, Dean. Have you seen this book before?”
Sam stood outside of Dean's room feeling awful for exploding at his brother like that but he felt it was necessary to light a fire under him.
Garth pulled back from the hug, “There’s something different about you, I can’t quite put my finger on.”
Dean choked a little on his food at her questioning. Sam answered for his brother, “Dean has been feeling a little under the weather.” He provided her an assuring smile.
After they hung up, they returned back to the map of South Dakota to mark off the residence reported by Jody. Luckily, the library already had a United States map they could use to track the other places hunters have seen sigil sightings. Hunters reported from Missouri, Nebraska, and Oklahoma. Since there were so few they would wait to explore other States, so for now they decided to go back up towards Sioux Falls and scope out the other places.
Sarcastically and a-matter-of-factly she said, “You boys are aware that I am a Sheriff and interrogate people for a living. I can tell when people are lying or hiding something.”
One after one the werewolves went down and the boys made it back to the car. Dean loaded in the back and laid down, the pain came back and worse.
Dean opened the bags to find one filled with a variety of shirts in different sizes and the other one had jeans that varied in size, "Thanks."
He woke fifteen minutes after cross Iowa state line, “Where are we?” Dean asked as he wiped the sleep from his eyes.
Sam turned back to the homeowner, “You’ll have to excuse our partner he is feeling a little under the weather.”
What happened next was unexpected though. Over his right ear, in an almost inaudible whisper, he heard, "Everything will be okay, Dean. I'm right here." It was Cas' voice for sure. The disembodied voice didn't scare him, instead it brought comfort.
Dean threw his head back, panted through gritted his teeth at the pain, as Clearan withdrew his hands. The pain quickly disappeared and Dean hunched forward breathing heavily. He tried to yell but his words came out weak and almost inaudible, "I'm. . .going. . .to kill. . you." As he composed himself, he looked up at Clearan, to find a ball of light hovering in his hand.
"Which means one of two things, we either alert the hunters to protect them or we work even harder to locate the dagger and end this once and for all."
Bobby was already setting foot in the kitchen before Sam called out, "Get him out of here. I have a first aid kit in the car."
After a short investigation and a thank you from Elaine, Jody let her know she would be in touch if they heard anything. As the four of them return back to their cars, Jody inquired, “Okay, guys. What’s going on? Is it supernatural?”
Castiel was not having a good feeling about this but trusted Dean's judgement. Dean turned back around to Orandriel, "Okay, I agree to complete this mission. Now beam us up Scotty." He could see that she was not familiar with that reference and of course why would she be. "Cas and I are ready to go back."
“It was nothing. I’m going to bed.” Dean walked away. Bobby watched him as he walked away once he was out of sight he turned back towards Sam.
Sam tried to comfort his brother by talking to him, “hang on, Dean. We’re almost back to the hotel.”
“I am worried about you, Dean. This isn’t you. My brother wouldn’t just sit around and sulk. He would be out there with me and Bobby fighting like hell to get Cas back. So, what’s going on with you, man? Talk to me.”
Bobby stood and started pacing, "You're telling me that you knew the coordinates to the one weapon that could solve all our problems and you didn't have
With everything at a standstill, Dean and Sam left for Kansas hoping everything may be changing for the better. Once back at the bunker, Dean found a new sense of rejuvenation, in fact, this is the first time in weeks that he felt great. Sam on the other hand was a little unnerved, something was not settling well with him. So he did what he does best, research.
“Why do you want a party all of a sudden?” Dean asked. Cas had stopped scanning by this point and wandered over to Dean. Which was fine, except for the distracting way that the sleeves of Cas’s dress shirt were rolled up.
“Of course I’m worried you’ll break his heart. He seems fine now, but you didn’t see right after he left firefighting. Right after he left Cassie. You haven’t seen that part of him. So, if you ever cause him reason to feel that way, I want you to understand that being a dragon won’t help you. Understand?”
Once everyone was sated, and the leftovers cleared away, they all  gathered in the sunroom, which Cas had turned into a den for the day, wide screen TV included. Dean had his feet up on a foot rest, seated back on a couch that Cas had managed to dig out from somewhere else in the hotel—one of several couches and large arm chairs. What had surprised Dean, and excited him a little, was knowing that Cas had moved the furniture to the room all by himself.
Cas’s long, feathered neck flowed towards the ceiling, while his long tail snaked along the floorboards. His wings were set against his back, the feathers folded down and out the way. And Dean was able to finally see that Cas’s front legs, head, neck and wings were covered in golden-black feathers, while the rest of him was blue scales. He had claws that looked like they were doing little for the floor, and as he shifted, Cas scored the wood beneath him.
Dean pulled back the clippers from the nail and set them down beside him on the white tiles of the bathroom floor. He picked up the nail scissors he’d bought as well. He hadn’t wanted to rely on them, because the control would be less than the clippers, he’d only wanted to use them for awkward bits. Positioning the scissors with a small section of nail set in them, Dean closed the scissors. Or at least he tried to, but the scissors wouldn’t cut the nail either, instead acting like Dean was trying to cut rock.
What Dean is learning about spells is that knowing components and what to say is easy, finding and/or buying components for spell work is hard. SO HARD. He kept being outbid by practitioners or those he suspects were rich criminals who wanted to eat highly forbidden food stuffs. As Thanksgiving approached, Dean started a new ritual in the mornings of monitoring their current bids while he made breakfast at the hotel, or got started in The Bunker. He wished that he could buy everything from the few magic shops he’d uncovered from some careful searching on Google on the regular net, but they just didn’t have everything.
Dean tossed the notices and got behind the counter again as Garth checked out the cash register and made sure the float was okay. Turning to a fresh bag of coffee beans, Dean opened it up, the waft of high end beans making his toes curl as he then upended the contents of the bag into their big red coffee bean grinder. He started the machine and hummed as it crunched and churned, nearly deafening him. After a minute, the grounds were ready and Dean switched off the machine.
Taking the hint, Cas renewed his efforts as he bounced Dean on his lap, hips snapping upwards erratically as Cas drew close to his release too. The two of them panted and moaned, breaths hard to come by as they soared closer and closer to the edge.
“I’ll get right on it,” Dean said and headed over to the laptop, mentally kicking himself as he did. He got the search query up and running, wondering what the hell a dragon would wear to a Halloween costume party. His time in The Ddraig had taught him many things about the supernatural world, but not their predilections for human activities.
With noticeable effort on Cas’s part, he said in a low husky voice, “Thank you, Dean. If you’re finished…” Cas’s voice trailed off into uncertainty.
Dean thought) and trying to find out from Dean what his costume was. To which Dean would reply, “You’ll find out tonight.” From the need for fake blood, Dean knew that Sam was swapping his plaid and jeans for a vampire costume.
Given the go ahead, Dean leaned in over the side of the tub again and got to work. Snip. Snip. Snip. Snip. Snip. Chunk by chunk, Dean cut the little toe nail down to something resembling a normal, human length. It would still need filing, but that could wait until Dean had managed to get the rest of the nails down to something resembling normal every day lengths. Pieces of nail flew around the bathroom, pinging off the tub, ceiling and floor—Dean was glad he’d thought to pick up the protective gear that he had—with much of the clippings landing in the tub. He wasn’t sure how long it took to cut down Cas’s nails, but he eventually had all ten toe nails down to just a shade of extension beyond the tips of Cas’s toes. Clearing the clippings away, and wiping the sweat from his forehead with the back of his hand, Dean cleared away what he could find, dumping the remains in a trash bag he brought up with him.
Sweat started to bead at Dean’s forehead as he leaned over the tub, the cutters in hand. He lined the cutters up with the end of the curled mess that was the nail for Cas’s left little toe and paused. Slowly, in his head, he counted down. Five. Four. Three. Two. One—snip!
“Eileen’s moving in! Oh my, that is serious,” Garth said, after a long pause in which Dean wasn’t sure his colleague was going to answer. It was questionable for a moment, because Dean could almost hear the gears in Garth’s brain turning as he assessed what Dean had told him. Garth was well informed on Sam’s lack of any real life outside of his job for Hendricks and Milton, but apparently the Eileen news was a shock.
, Dean considered as he looked to one corner and then spotted a full set of armor that looked like it was more than 600 years old.
“Get to the point, Cas.” Dean set the dishes down and waited in front of Cas, the distance between them more like friends than freaked out human and understanding dragon.
“Wow, that was real magic,” Charlie observed when the three of them (with Jack dressed in some ill fitting sweats, t-shirt and fluffy socks) sat together in the kitchen an hour later, mugs of hot chocolate between their hands.
Nodding, Sam picked up his flat white. “Now? Yeah.” He threw back the last of the frothy beverage and set the cup down. “Well, I need to get going.”
Dean gave a small chuckle and said, “Live Action Role Playing. You pretend, with a bunch of other people, to be fictional characters and you sort of make believe at playing those characters. Like, I’m this fighter who’s skilled in swordplay and a few other things. I’m Charlie’s ‘handmaiden’ in game. She plays a magic and sword wielding queen. We act as our characters, fight monsters, party, solve puzzles—it’s pretty fun.”
“So tight,” Cas said, inching back and then thrusting forward. The movement jostled Dean and made him see stars. He was relaxed as he could be, but Cas seemed to relish Dean’s tightness. He put a hand between Dean’s shoulder blades, and held him in place as he reached down and around Dean, a hand easily wrapping around Dean’s leaking cock.
Appreciating the change in topic, Dean led the way to his bathroom, as they walked from the living room, to the bedroom and then to the ensuite. “You would not believe the size of the bathtub or the water pressure I get in the shower. It’s amazing.” Dean opened the bathroom door.
Gulping, Dean shifted where he sat, trying to discreetly move his dick so that his arousal wasn’t obvious as he finished up with Cas’s right foot. Sneaking a look at Cas, he could see that his cheeks were flushed, much like the warmth Dean felt in his own.
Garth set the pencil down on the counter top and then braced his hands on it, pushing down and leaning back, bowing his head as he worked to get air. It was plain for all to see that Garth was stressed—but Dean had seen the books for the shop the last few months and he knew for a fact that it couldn’t be due to issues with The Bunker. So, Dean kept his distance and waited, keeping an eye out for any approaching customers and allowed Garth some space and the chance to speak.
“You know you got nothing to be embarrassed about, right?” Dean said as he readied a pair of goggles over his eyes. “Like nothing.”
“Yes, Sam! Chrissake, man, I am pretty damn sure at this point. So, as we can fit everyone here, how about we have Thanksgiving here at the hotel. We have plenty of room in the kitchen.”
Dean rolled his eyes and turned back to Sam. “Hey, I get it. Just, don’t make a huge deal of it, okay? Anyway, I’m allowed people over according to my contract. We’ll just have to have a few movie nights around mine. Seriously, dude, you would not believe how much space I get to have.”
Life was very different from when Dean had first found the listing for Cas’s ad. For one, Cas was now able to travel beyond the hotel and his rear claws were being kept naturally short. In fact Dean had been on many thrilling flights through the air, goggles on his face, Cas between his legs, as they soared across the countryside of South Dakota and beyond.
, Dean concluded as he moved to serve a customer who wondered if they did some form of pumpkin spice latte—they did and it wasn’t sickening like big brand ones.
“Uh, make it a peppermint tea. If I drink anymore caffeine today, I’m going to vibrate out of the window, and that would go against the stay at home order from the county health department.” Cas grimaced and then let his attention refocus back on his show, baggy knitted sweater shifting with the movement.
“You want Eileen to move in with you, don’t you? And for me to move out?” Dean set his beer bottle down and stood up. He stretched, going on tiptoes, arms reaching up to the ceiling.
“I’ll bet your guy in the department won’t find anything out about the hotel or Castiel,” Dean said.
Strong hands pulled and pressed at Dean, Cas arranging Dean until his thighs were wide open. “Can I taste you?” Cas asked, a finger gently stroking at the furl of muscle to Dean’s asshole.
There were other times when stuff had moved around weirdly or the temperature had suddenly dropped. So many to count over the years—Dean had put it all down to weird microclimates and enthusiastic maids. But as he laid on his bed, on top of the black sheets, he was starting to think that something more had been going on. And that was just stuff he suspected may have been… ghosts.
Castiel whipped the blanket away from his legs and threw it down beside the chair. Dean’s eyes bugged out of his head as he stared at ten impossibly long toenails, all white and, after a foot from Castiel’s toes, curling elaborately this way and that, in ways that Dean didn’t even know were possible for nails to grow.
“Oh…” Sam said, surprised it seemed that Dean had read the signs. “Uh, yeah. I wanted to talk to you about it.”
“Mmm, so sleepy,” Dean yawned as conscious thought struggled to be a thing he was capable of. There was a tenderness in the way Cas held Dean, bundling him tightly against his chest.
Sam hummed and ummed down the line, his indecision and lack of faith driving Dean slowly mad, and eventually said, “Okay, Thanksgiving at yours.”
“We should stop,” Cas said in a voice that suggested that was far from what he wanted. “Only this morning you… were having a crisis over what I am.” He stepped back, getting out of Dean’s space.
The weekend passed by in a blur once Dean said yes to Cas’s lease and signed two copies—one for Dean and one for Cas. To Dean, the weekend was just one long shift at The Bunker with small moments in-between coffees. Like Benny, their cake and pastries supplier, dropping off some extra supplies after a visiting group of college art students piled in on the shop Saturday afternoon and left them near nothing to see them through Sunday. Thank god they didn’t drink them out of coffee and tea, but Dean was glad that they would be having their regular deliveries on Monday.
Dean thought about their earlier trips and where to avoid the end of rush hour. “No, I shouldn’t be. Think you can stay here while I get what I need? We can exchange cell numbers in case you get worried?”
Dean walked down the entryway and to what would be the front desk if the hotel was open, and looked to the sweeping stairway that led up to his rooms. He started towards the stairs and then stopped. An icy chill ran down his spine, making the hairs on the back of his neck stand up and his skin break out in goosebumps. He didn’t know what compelled him, but he looked to his right and the closed off East Wing doors.
“Are you sure, honey?” Mary Winchester asked, long blond hair tied up in a bun at the back of her head. She had on a red frilly apron, decorated with a cute repeating cross stitch design of reindeer. It looked at odds with the down to earth plaid, Henley and jeans combo she had on underneath.
Sam came to a stop beside Eileen, eyebrows disappearing into his hairline. While Sam had known about Castiel’s condition, he’d never actually seen what his nails could be like.
Hirst was a half-elf bard who swung all the ways. At level four, he was already well-established in-game as someone not to be left alone with anyone you didn’t want the pants romanced off of. Hirst tended towards being chaotic good, with little to no respect for the rule of law if it seemed to go against his own ideas of justice. Hirst played a mean flute and was a renowned actor.
Words failing him, Dean nodded and they worked together to get the house just so, finishing with a dusting of icing sugar. They used a trolley to wheel it out to the dinning table they’d be using the following day for dinner. When they were done, they cleaned up and joined everyone in the den, part way through a rewatch of the 90’s remake of
Dean turned and ran. Ran as fast as his feet would take him. He barreled out of the east wing and headed for the stairs instead of his car. Behind him, the door slammed shut, but Dean kept running. His legs screamed at him to stop as he went up several flights of stairs, but he didn’t stop. He just ran, heart hammering in his chest.
Dean considered, wondering how to get Cas to dance with him. Then the first few notes of “Barracuda” by Heart started playing and Dean felt his own head start to bop.
“Don’t get devoured by cannibals, don’t accept any food or drink, check reflections in mirrors. Got it. Anything else?” Dean joked.
Jogging his mind back to their preternatural problem, Dean frowned. “Where do we even start looking for information on that sort of thing?”
“Yes. I’m Castiel. Thank you for coming. You are the only person who’s so far responded to my listing.” Castiel nodded solemnly. “Of course, I want you to understand the gravity of my situation and offer, before you have a look around.”
It was hilarious. Dean hadn’t laughed that hard in weeks. The popcorn had been quickly reduced to nothing between the two of them and Dean found himself really enjoying the time with Sam. It wasn’t until the end of the film as he was clearing away the bottles and popcorn bowl that Dean realized with a pang of sadness that spontaneous movie nights weren’t something he’d have the chance to take part in anymore.
Dean knew it was time to get going, he spotted his pants and yanked them towards him. Quickly dressing, Dean also spotted his boots. He’d need Bobby’s van to get everything again, but he was sure he could be out before the end of the day and Garth wasn’t expecting him to handle a shift—he had time. So long as Cas didn’t pull anything crazy. Which, now that he thought about it, was entirely plausible and Dean wondered if maybe he could get away with grabbing his record collection and jamming that in the Impala when he left.
Looking around the ballroom, Dean found a window with an open shutter. He walked across the immense floor and looked out at it to see the moon shining down in the night sky above. As he stood by the window, the glass started to frost up and Dean’s shivering grew harder.
When the food was finally cooked, Dean set their small dining table beside the kitchen area and headed towards Cas’s door. He knocked and called Cas once. Twice. Three times, but Cas didn’t respond. Their rule was usually not to go into each other’s rooms if there was a sock or tie on the door. But Cas had done no such thing.
Cas licked his lips and Dean found himself looking down to those pink lips, slightly chapped, and wondering just what they might taste like.
“Because humans have a great habit of ignoring the obvious or making up stories of their own. And there aren’t as many of us as there once was. Our numbers have been sharply declining since around the start of the medieval period. I think the last time I spoke with another dragon was maybe some two hundred years ago.” Cas drained the last of his coffee and got up from his stool to begin tidying away.
Soon enough, Cas had helped Dean find a foot sized bowl, which he filled with quite warm water and set aside some towels next to it. He had Cas soak his feet while Dean got the rest of his tools sorted and sent a message to Bobby saying he’d buy him some new kit, because Dean suspected Bobby wouldn’t want it all back again. Ten minutes later, Dean had Cas take his feet out of the water, and he dried his feet gently with a towel, patting the water away.
The two of them continued to chat, Thomas nibbling on his brownie and sipping juice as the train continued to circle around the tray and table. It was awkward, but a million miles better than the first time Thomas had come into the shop, which had found him freaking out until Dean started talking to him. Slowly, Dean had helped him out of his freak out and settled him at the table they were now sat at, plying him with juice and a brownie as Mrs Henderson apologized over and over.
Cas set his coffee cup down and gave Dean a thoughtful look. “Vampires, werewolves… sirens. Uh, fairies. Shifters. Ghouls…” Cas paused, looking toward the ceiling and then back to Dean. “Merfolk, kelpies, wendigos—pretty much anything, bar aliens. It’s all real.”
Waiting for the coffee maker and the kettle, Dean looked over to his new workstation area in a far corner of the living room.
Heading back over to the altar, Dean picked up the reverse incantation and went through it. One awkward word of Latinat a time. As he finished, the air felt charged with electricity and then there was a popping sound. Dean set the notes down and found Cas was human again.
When Dean reached a cashier, he was looking at a bill that was significantly smaller than rent would be in nearly any corner of the continental US, though not necessarily cheaper than a night at a skeevy motel. But he paid up and took his bags of little podiatry-cum-pedicure luxuries back to the hotel.
“I hope so,” Cas said. They stood like that for a moment, just looking at the books and then Cas turned, stepping into Dean’s space.
Dean was about to say he was going to, but then he looked at Cas standing before him in the moonlight, all the awkwardness of when his nails were long, all gone. He recalled the impossibly long nails Cas had endured and found himself worrying what would happen to Cas if he were to leave, permanently. Not that Cas was Dean’s responsibility.
“Wanna coffee?” Dean called over to his roommate Cas who was sat on their white leather couch watching
The creature snarled and strained towards the window Dean was standing by. Dean got to his feet and backed away, forgetting the treats he’d brought with him, and headed for the safety of the Impala. Dean’s hands shook as he unlocked the driver’s side and slid in, and he wasted no time in starting the engine and pulling away to somewhere without snarling creatures in possession of wicked looking teeth.
Dean rolled his eyes, not that Sam could see him, gripping his cell phone a touch tighter than necessary. Things he’d been hoping to do on his Saturday off: lie in until 10 and then make brunch for Cas before spending another day searching for spell components that were harder to find than Nazi gold. Not talking to Sam.
Setting a place for Cas at the head of the table and one to the right for himself, Dean tried not to think too much on what had almost happened. It was entirely possible he was picking up on the wrong signals—
“Hey, Cas, you okay? Your food’s getting cold.” Dean put his ear to the door, but couldn’t hear anything through it. “Look, I’m coming in.”
“I think you should get the chance to have a Christmas present as well,” Cas said, voice husky and full of so much promise. Grabbing Dean by the hand, Cas almost pulled Dean’s arm out of its socket as he dragged Dean back towards the hotel proper.
Sitting down opposite him, Cas similarly picked up his knife and fork and started cutting into his food. They both ate in silence, Dean’s mind whirring with how their next conversation was going to go.
The usual mid-morning Tuesday crowd flicked through newspapers and sipped their drinks as Dean finished putting the latest load of grounds in a used beans bag. Looking up from the bag before sealing it, he caught Garth staring at him weirdly from the corner of his eye. He turned and looked at his boss.
“Too many stairs?” Garth balked. “Dean, you can bench press more than I can. And it had too many stairs?!”
Dean understood maybe some of what Charlie had said, but computer science had not been his strong suit at high school. It had been more Sam’s thing—but Dean had been pretty nifty at Photoshop back in the day. Finishing up Charlie’s latte and busing it to her usual table, Dean looked at the lid of her opened laptop. It was covered in stickers, some to do with her LARP group, some to do with programming languages and computer software in general, others to do with general geeky things.
Dean dove out of the corner and spotted his boots, he grabbed them and dashed towards the doorway leading out of his bedroom. He rushed out of his rooms and out into the corridor beyond, then made for the stairs. He took them two at a time, legs pumping all the way as he did. In less than a minute, he was outside in the cool morning air, trying to unlock the Impala. But he couldn’t find his keys.
Walking back up to the front door, keeping his footsteps light, Dean listened again and heard another low growl. But it wasn’t coming from the front door. Stepping to the right of the small porch, Dean followed the growls and headed around the side of Garth’s house. The growling continued and grew to its loudest as he reached one of the basement windows.
But Dean could just about understand what the topic of conversation had been, so he nodded and said, “I’m guessing ‘Fluid Conspiracy’ is based on the whole ‘cats are a fluid’ meme, right?”
The hissing bubbling sound of water cascading down the side of a pan made Dean let go and Cas jump away as he went to rescue the noodles. Dean stood back as Cas went to rescue the noodles and then went to drain the water, using his hand as a colander to stop the noodles slipping into the sink. In Dean’s chest, his heart hammered at what had almost been. Legs a little unsteady, he headed over to where he knew the plates and rest of the crockery they used was kept, and pulled out two pasta bowls and side plates. Dean set them down on the side so that Cas could plate up as Dean grabbed the side salad and some cutlery and headed into the dining room.
Cas set the horns and halo on the floor beside them and then returned to Dean, claiming his mouth again with eager kisses and hands going everywhere as he got back into Dean’s space, once again pushing a leg between Dean’s thighs. Every shift of their bodies caused Dean’s growing hard-on to throb, and he could feel that Cas was similarly affected. Reaching out to Cas, Dean’s hand went to the fake wings he’d worn as part of his costume, and Cas shivered, breaking their kiss as his eyes rolled into the back of his head.
Dean nodded his head as he headed to the fridge. He pulled the orange juice out of the fridge as he asked, “What are you working on over there?”
When he was sure the wall would stay on following the Winchester's every move, he resumed his research in the veil library. All the while keeping a vigilant ear to the familiar voices in the veil. He was dedicated to his research and only a few times he was pulled away from it. The first time was when Sam had been held hostage by Drakkoons and Dean went to his rescue, followed by a brotherly spat in the back of the Impala. He did join Dean in the back of the car for that one. He felt he needed to be there to provide comfort even if Dean didn't know he was there. The next few times he was pulled away were for more happy occasions like Dean's second wave of pregnancy symptoms.  He silently thanked Orandriel for allowing him to be apart of these moments when he couldn't be there in person.
“You’re looking good, Winchester. I can see you're taking very good care of yourself.” Micha grinned wickedly at Dean.
"I've been trying ever since the last time I saw you. She responses differently each time. Now it's your turn to tell me."
They both walked back inside. Micha sat there with a grin on his face. Garth walked over to Micha as Dean shut the door. He turned around to face Micha, “My friend here is going to untie you and you are to leave this property never to return, you got it?”
“What’s wron. . .?” Sam was silenced by Dean raising a hand as to say 'give me a minute'. Sam watched his brother close his eyes and cocked his head like he was waiting for something to happen.
"Yeah. You know, like eating healthier, checking in with a healer, learning anything you can about pregnancies in general or even setting up a nursery, for god's sake."
He helped Dean onto the exam table, “I don’t know. He just started screaming out in pain.” Dean writhed in pain. Sam watched from Dean's side as the doctor reached into a cabinet and pulled out a vial and a syringe.
Dean went back to massaging his temples. Sam looked at his brother with even more concern. “It’s been days, Dean. Bobby and I have been very patient but it is time for a real explanation.”
"I've been vomiting and getting headaches. I've pulling answers to things out of thin air and moving beer across the table unless that was you trying to get my attention?"
Micka was on his way out of the dining room before he turned around and inquired, “What are we to do about Dean Winchester?”
He smiled at Dean's reaction to his brother, “Dude, I’m sitting right here. Tone it down a little bit.”
The doctor printed out a sonogram picture and presented it to Sam, “Stay as long as you to need.” Then left the room.
He looked up at Sam then back at the demon, "Fine. We'll take him to Bobby's. Now help me get him into the car."
Jody nodded, “Okay, let me see if I’ve got this right. Drakkoon demons are hunting down angels using sigils yet you don’t know why they are doing this or what the sigils we’ve found today mean?”
He's surprised to find that the cosmic wall in front of him flicks on with Bobby, Sam, and Dean in the bunker. They are in the midst of informing him of the book that Castiel sent to them. He watches as Dean informs Bobby of his pregnancy. It was the first time Cas had really seen Dean's body since the news was announced to him. He was in such awe by the round abdomen on his hunter. Next, he watched Dean and Bobby have a heartfelt talk, in the kitchen, about his pregnancy. Castiel waited for the scene before him to disappear as it usually did but it didn't. The wall stayed focused on the Winchester brothers and Bobby. He took it as a sign that he got through to her earlier about breaking the rules.
Knowing her presence is no longer welcome she leaves Cas to his own devices. He looked around the library at all the items surrounding him knowing it would take him a while to go through everything in there. After looking through a few more books, he decided to call it a day.
“Geez, Dean, maybe you really are pregnant.” Sam made a joke about Dean’s hormones and he received a pillow to the face from his brother.
"That is all you got for me. You wish you knew more." Dean was becoming frustrated. This was not how he thought this was going to go when he finally saw Cas again.
“Call if anything changes.” He didn’t give Sam a chance to respond before he hung up. He kept driving hoping that Garth would call him. After 15 to 20 minutes of aimlessly driving, his phone rang. He checked the caller ID this time. It was a number he didn’t recognize but he answered hoping it was Garth.
When Bobby and Sam saw the symbols, they knew without a doubt who they belonged too. They each shared a look that Jody did notice and would question them when they were done with Elaine.
“You know, Castiel, for being a celestial being your powers are not in tune as they should be. I figured by now you would have felt your grace’s power growing.”
“I see that. You might want to slow down. With you being laid up from hunting and eating like you are you’re starting to put some weight on.” Sam teased his big brother.
Dean looked at his brother tearfully he wiped his hands down his face as he sighed. “Cas came to me in a . . .dream, I guess.”
Seeing he had his brother's attention, Sam sighed in relief, before whispering to him, “Hey, are you okay?”
Dean cocked an eyebrow at his brother in confusion. He listened as Sam read the first few sentences out loud before Dean started growing suspicious that the book was a trick, a ploy. He grabbed the book from Sam, “Lets just hold on for a minute, okay. We need to ask ourselves some questions first before we buy into this information.”
They headed back to the bunker. Dean called Bobby to inform him of what they encountered on their hunts. Various rumors about the Drakkoons taking over and becoming a threat to everything that walks the earth. Unfortunately, no research could confirm those rumors, otherwise they would have done something about it.
Sam hadn't noticed earlier because his brother was sitting behind the table than his robe mask his size when he stood from the table, “You’ve grown at least two sizes since yesterday.”
Sam woke to loud noises coming from Dean's room. He got up to investigate. Upon arriving at his brother's door, he realized Dean was dreaming. He knocked on the door before entering the room to see Dean wiping the sleep from his eyes.
Sam closed his eyes and sighed knowing that Dean must have heard him and Bobby talking. "Dean, Wait." Sam opened the passenger door and got out. He walked towards the front of the car to explain his reasoning but Dean beat him to it.
A smile now appeared on Bobby's face as he jumped on Sam's train of thought. The moment, however, was interrupted when Bobby's cell phone rang. Another hunter was calling to ask about a strange creature they caught. He informed the hunter to let it go and move on before hanging up. He looked at Sam, "looks like our discovery came at just the right time." Sam nodded, "I'm going to go tell Dean."
Sam watched as his brother slowly drifted off to sleep. He smiled, thinking about how silly his brother was being. He knew Dean refused to accept the various things he was experiencing with his pregnancy. He went back to his book, after a few minutes Bobby quietly asked him if he wanted anything from the kitchen. Sam shook his head. He returned to his book as Bobby left, but it wasn't long before his attention once again was pulled from research when Dean quietly moaned. He smiled wondering what his brother could possibly be dreaming about. Dean moaned a little more he adjusted himself a bit in need of comfort in the chair. He moaned again, Sam was starting to feel uncomfortable. He tried to ignore the sounds his brother was making. Dean was starting to drool on the book his head was laying on. After another drawn out moan and the sound of Bobby's footsteps returning, Sam decided it was time to wake Dean before it got out of hand.
The rest of the day went on uneventful just more research. Dean did come out of his room around one pm but no words were exchanged between the three of them. No apologies from earlier they proceeded as if breakfast never happened.
Bobby moved to the other side of Dean to help support him. They reached the bottom of the stairs. "We had a run in with Clearan. He took the baby's soul and Cas' grace."
Bobby's attention returned to Dean when Sam avoided his question, "You know how off I've been lately with my eating habits, emotions, and other ailments I've been experiencing. Well, I've received some news in regards to all of my symptoms. It pertains to the theory Sam jokingly concluded to weeks ago."
I really struggled writing Dean's reaction because I didn't want to do the usual reaction of angry or excited. I may edit it later on if I am not happy with it.
Dean responded with, "Right flavor, wrong time to ingest." Castiel thought the response coming from Dean was strange. He watched as Dean packed the pie back up, clean the table of garbage and head for the kitchen.
Dean stared at his friend dumbfounded but smiled at the thought that his child was an equal mixture of him and Cas, "Look, buddy. You can't tell anybody about this, okay?"
He placed a hand in comfort on Garth's left shoulder, “You’re gonna have to trust me when I say, you need to release that thing in there, okay?” Dean pointed to inside the cabin.
“Enough small talk, I'm going to get right down to business. I heading up to your neck of the woods for a hunt and I need some help.”
Dean sat down on his bed, his head still spinning from the events of the day. He realized now that he may had been a little too rude to his brother when all he was trying to do was help. Dean was in denial, there was no doubt about that. He knew something was up all those weeks ago but never wanted to admit it to anyone.
Dean scoffed at Clearan’s cockiness. At the name, he could see Sam struggling out of his peripheral vision. They both knew how bad it was for Dean to be in the same room as the Alpha. Clearan took a step closer towards Dean. Sam still trying to break free was trying Clearan's patience, at the snap of his fingers his body froze but his head was still able to move.
Sam placed a hand on his brother's shoulder, "No, its not. But We will fix it, okay?" Dean scoffed at his optimistic brother. But Sam continued, "We'll figure it out. We always do"
Sam took his eyes off the road long enough to meet his brother's gaze and provide him with a reassuring smile, "I will not allow anything to happen to my niece or nephew. Like I said before, we will figure this out." Sam laid a hand briefly on Dean's belly in comfort. He never does this but he, himself, needed some reassurance. Strangely, Dean welcomed the touch from his brother with a smile. He quickly replaced his hand back on the steering wheel and returned his attention back to driving.
Dean blurted out at her, "You've come to own up to your cosmic joke. Use us as your own personal puppets."
“As far as we know.  I know you think I might be overreacting but I just think we need to be cautious.”
“Can you blame him? He died five days ago with his best friend and love of his life. Only to return to earth without him and now the two people he has left in this world are bombarding him with questions on a sore subject.”
“You have no idea. A lot of organic material showed up like wood, dirt, and plants. But the materials could not be specifically identified.  Also, there were traces of bone and high amounts of sulfur.”
Now a little pissed Bobby took Dean’s sandwich from him, “You’ll get this back once we get some damn answers.”
Sam watched as his brother frantically looked around the library. He gawked his older brother trying to understand what was happening, “What’s going on, Dean?”
Everyone smiled and cheered at their soon to be success. Clearan raised his hands to silence the group, “Yes. Yes. However, a new plan has been issued in moving forward. As you all know, the Winchesters are standing in our way for collecting more grace. So, we will set our sights elsewhere in the meantime.”
Dean stirred about fourteen minutes later, “Sam?” he tried to proper himself up on the table to look for him.
Bobby and Sam turned on their flashlights and started looking around the area for any kind of clues. Bobby was looking at a boulder next to the cliff when he noticed an etching under some moss. He called out to Sam as he pulled the moss away. The etchings looked like a cross between enochian and drakkoon. From what Sam could gather it mentioned something about a hole gaped open in the side of the earth.
She pulled her hand away that held the book, “Unfortunately, it’s not that simple. This room is part of the cosmic veil, it collects items that are too precious to be lying around because of the information they carry. When the items get sent to this room, they lose their tangibility, inorder for this book to be sent back to earth I have to conjure a spell to replace it back to it full substance.”
Dean stared daggers at his brother before responding with a mouth full of food, “Mind your own business.”
As Sam pulled his phone from his pocket in an attempt to call Mark, Bobby looked around, “Ive got a bad feeling about this."
Jody looked at them suspiciously before loading into her squad car to head to the next place. Bobby, Sam, and Dean loaded into their vehicle and followed Jody.
The next few weeks brought a bunch of events. First, Dean confirmed the organic materials are indeed plants and trees from purgatory. When he was there, he learned a lot from Benny regarding the place. Never thought it would come in hand but he was no glad he listened.
Dean squirmed in his seat a few times as if he was trying to get comfy. A few minutes later he was burping and groaning a little, he kept rubbing the center of his chest. Sam noticed how uncomfortable his brother looked, "You, okay?"
Dean was in the kitchen grabbing plates and drinks as Sam headed to the library to clean off the table a little. Sam started moving books off to one side of the table to make some room. Dean entered the library with plates, the bag from the deli, and some drinks. He put a plate in front of Sam and one in front of him, he placed Sam's sandwich on his plate. Dean continue emptying the bag of its contents with his own sandwich, a family size bag of chips and a slice of pie for him. They ate, talked, and researched. Dean was getting ready to take a bite of pie when suddenly he felt full. As Sam reached for another book he watched Dean push his pie to the side, "Wrong flavor?"
"After you were sent back to earth, all Orandriel told me was that we would be reunited in 6 months time then disappeared leaving me in the cosmic veil. That’s all I know.”
Bobby looked back and forth between the two brothers again, "What is going on with you two? Ever since I arrived something feels off and I'll be damned if I don't get some answers."
He got into the Impala and looked at Garth, “Thanks. I'll be seeing you around.” Dean waved at his friend as he sped off. He smiled to himself as he palmed his swollen abdomen.
Dean replied a little annoyed at Sam, “Give me a little credit, Sam. Do yo really think I'm that dumb to give up the only resource we have?"
Bobby turned his head to look at Sam now with a blank expression in his face. He gently placed the sonogram on the table, cleared his throat, stood from the table and walked out of the room.
"This must be an after effect in relation to what Clearan did. It must have caused your body to go into overdrive."
They had deadlines to meet after all, though Dean wondered if they’d be able to get enough machine staff together in time for the next prototype. So, Dean had been working from home for just under a week when the order started on March 24th. Working all sorts of hours.
The episode Cas was watching rolled to credits and Cas stretched enticingly, forcing Dean to look away. “Sure, knock yourself out.”
And Dean hadn’t felt a single ghostly presence in the hotel, which was unusual for a building that old. He left the room and headed back downstairs and to the sunroom Castiel was in.
Dean huffed and looked to the ceiling of his room, praying for any deity to give him strength. “Jack wouldn’t hurt a fly.”
Before Dean could reply and remind him of the tea, Cas’s bedroom door closed and Dean was by himself. Sighing again, he stepped over to the kitchen, finishing his coffee as he reached the counter and set the coffee mug in the sink. Washing his hands again, Dean set about getting what he needed to make burgers.
“You don’t think the giant squid in the moat was too much, right?” Charlie asked as she lounged on a musty old couch that Bobby had set back in his workshop.
Charlie started to read and as she did her eyes slowly opened wider. “No rent if you cut their toenails?! What the frell?!”
Dean raised an eyebrow briefly at that, but nodded in agreement. “Sure, of course. See you in a while.”
“- and I said, ‘You can’t call your cat the Fluid Conspiracy,’ but Mrs Richard’s boy, you know, Timmy, was less than happy about that,” Garth said, finishing a conversation Dean hadn’t even heard going on. It was something Dean had tried to alert Garth to a dozen times before, but this fact always seemed to end up being ignored.
Getting his cell out of his pocket, Dean went onto Twitter and instantly regretted it. He closed the app and sighed, unable to get into what Cas was watching. He glanced over at Cas, who was engrossed in what he was watching, and studied the tattoo peeking out from the collar of Cas’s sweater. It was a blue, shining, dragon head, all swirls and flames, detailed black lines helping to give shape. Dean had caught sight of more in the past, but the memory was fuzzy, with Cas often wearing baggy sweaters, or t-shirts in the summer, keeping much of the artwork on his body covered.
Sliding his cell back into his pocket, Dean gave Cas a long appraising look. “What makes you think that this is a good idea?”
Cas looked at Dean with shocked eyes as Dean put the call on speaker and held the cell in the palm of his hand.
Back in the safety of his bedroom, Dean couldn’t think. He was laid out on the top of his bed, feet on the headboard, shoes off, an LP of
Dean turned to the laptop that was set up on a table and chugging away data to the server Charlie had set up.
Opening his mouth to reply, Cas doubled up and then buckled down the side of the counter to land in a heap on the floor. Dean rushed from the coffee machine as Jack slid off his stool and they both ran to Cas’s side. For a brief moment, Dean thought some ill-effect from the spell work to help Jack had finally caught up with them, but then Dean looked down the length of Cas’s body, towards his feet.
“Hey, why don’t I cook dinner, huh? I looked up this sweet burger recipe earlier and I’m itching to try it out.” Dean stood, taking his coffee with him.
“What the hell was that?” Dean muttered. But Dean had an idea, because this wasn’t the first time in his life something like this had happened to him. There’d been many previous occasions. The first one was when he was four and could have sworn there was a fire in his parent’s house, in Sam’s nursery no less. He’d screamed the place down and tried to get everyone out of the house. There had been no fire. The second time he’d been a teenager and one joint down in his high school’s boiler room. The classmates he’d been with had already started heading out to get the bus home, but Dean had stayed to tidy up after them, the basement had grown icy and he’d seen someone—a man—slumped against the brick work beside him, a pool of blood beneath. He’d yelled for help, but no one had heard him from all the way down there. And then the figure was gone. Dean had sworn off pot after that.
Wasting no time, Cas ducked down between Dean’s legs and held him open with his strong fingers, tongue teasing wet and hot. Dean whimpered as Cas’s tongue got past that first ring of muscle, determined and sending waves of want cascading through Dean, laving at the ring of muscle each time he pulled back before pushing back in. As he was pulled apart by Cas’s tongue, he suspected that perhaps a part of Cas’s dragon-ness was letting his tongue go deeper than a human’s would.
Cas shrugged as his shadow and body formed back into its human size and shape. “She’ll believe when she wakes up.”
Not wanting Sam to go running off, but very aware of the fact that Cas needed help, Dean turned to Jack and said, “Keep an eye on him, will you? I need to finish the spell.”
“Thank you,” Charlie said with a smile. “So… you said yesterday you have a viewing after your shift today?”
Dean nodded. “Yes, I really think she can.” He looked to Cas. “We could also help her with the scanning.”
Dean was surprising himself by not freaking out. Unusual toenails just seemed easy after Tuesday’s ghostly encounter.
“That could have gone better,” Dean said, wiping a hand down his face when Cas greeted him upon his return. Dean had dropped Charlie back at her place. She’d met Jack as well once she’d been calmer and that had gone better than Cas’s reveal.
“I assure you, I most certainly am,” Cas said in a commanding voice as half the lights in the room blew out and the shadowy extent of Cas grew impossibly behind him, smothering the books behind him. His voice boomed, otherworldly. “Please help us.”
Dean thought and then walked himself back through his dream and then it came to him—the ghost, Cas’s confession and the impossible shadow that had grown out from behind him. But Dean then found himself questioning if any of that had really happened—he could believe that maybe he had somehow managed to find the hotel’s only ghost, but Cas? A dragon? Dean was certain that he was just misremembering the night before. There was no way that Cas had told him he was a dragon—
Dean considered, but the memory of Cas’s shadow was clear in his thoughts. The way his neck had stretched out and those wings!
Entering Castiel’s rooms again, Dean didn’t linger as he walked through back to the ensuite. He knocked on the door before entering. “Time’s up.”
Castiel was losing his cool and fast. He was tired of being jerked around by this almighty cosmic being. He took his angel blade and held the point to her throat, “No more games. You will tell me everything I want to know.”
Sam laid down to see if he could see anything on the side of the cliff. It looked like there was some sort of cave or hollowed out area just below them.
Dean pulled the chair out across from his brother and slowly lowered himself down, “You think it worked?”
Dean spent the next few days manning the hunter hotline and it would appear that since he saw Micha, more and more hunters were catching Drakkoons. He received three calls from Bobby and Sam in the last few days. They were pretty mad at him for leaving the bunker. Garth called Sam to congratulate him for becoming an uncle. The last call he received from Sam was about four hours ago, after searching all over the redwood forest they came up empty handed yet again. Sam and Bobby found a tree that had carvings in it similar to the rock in Montana. The back of that tree had a hidden compartment but it was empty. They were heading back to Kansas instead of Wyoming. Dean told his brother on the last call they had that it might be time to call a hunters meeting. He informed Sam that more Drakkoons were being captured in the last few days and the majority were in the surrounding states of Kansas, he figured it wasn't a coincidence.
Dean listened to his brother as he opened a cupboard to grab the peanut butter. He almost dropped as he heard Sam finish his sentence. Dean turned around fast to look at his brother with a shicked wide eyed expression, "Really? How? Where?"
Dean was becoming angrier by the second which made him more angry because all he has wanted for weeks was to see Cas and talk to him. Now the moment is being ruined by everything Cas had told him so far. Dean tried to put his emotions aside to focus on what Cas was saying.
"I don't think now is the time after everything that's happened." Sam looked empathetic at his brother.
Sam looked at his brother baffled and took a seat on the bed. Dean informed Sam of his dream and what Orandriel had told him. By the end, Dean's lip trembled a little, "I need him here, Sam."
Jody looked towards the brothers are they reentered the room while asking Bobby, “They looked to be drawn using charcoal. Do you know what they mean?”
Dean was plain fed up with being played by supernatural beings, in general. He laid in bed staring up at the ceiling trying to strategize the next move to defeat Drakkoons. He was exhausted but his mind would not rest therefore he would not either. He spent all night, like his brother, tossing and turning.
Sam lifted his head up off the table and comb his fingers through his hair as he responded, "yeah. I think I'm going to look at spell books today. See if I can understand the importance behind using angel grace for spells."
Sam cleared his throat and changed the subject. He slid the Drakkoon book over to Bobby and flipped it open to the appropriate page, "This is what we've been up to since we last saw you."
“Yeah, but the weird part is the killings don’t happen during full moons. All the different days the livestock go missing are days after the full moon cycle ends.”
Bobby’s face contorted into anger at Dean’s statement, “Don’t be such an idjit and assume you know what I’m thinking.”
The Drakkoon demon sat there smiling at them. Dean folded his arms across his chest with his gun in his right hand, resting it on his bicep. Sam and Bobby stood by watching the altercation go down.
Sam turned Dean to face him. He would not let his brother self-loath. It was his job now to help Dean pick up the pieces and fight back, "You couldn't of known when or if this was going to happen."
Sam knew he had to say something before his brother started freaking out, “Maybe it’s a false positive. . .you know like the tests are bad. Your body could be magically reacting to Cas’s grace.”
“Great. I"m on board send us back so we can complete said mission.” Castiel looks to Dean as he responds to Orandriel. He pulls Dean away to have a semi private conversation, "Dean, Why don't you have a problem with this?"
Jody stood from her chair and started to clear the table of dishes, “Well, what are we waiting for? Lets all get some sleep so tomorrow we can start researching.”
Dean nodded his head to Cas’s statement, “I thought maybe if I reached out to you I could get some help.”
Dean held up a hand to stop Charlie as she rose from her seat. “Eileen’s moving in. And anyway, I’ve been looking for somewhere almost as long as I’ve been living with him. It’s no big deal.”
“Likewise, Castiel,” Sam greeted, taking Cas’s hand. Dean noticed Sam wince ever so slightly as Cas gripped Sam’s hand and Dean wondered what the hell that was all about.
Dean reveled in the contact, body hungry for Castiel’s touch. Hungrier than Dean realized, as he pressed into each point of contact and slipped his tongue into Cas’s mouth. He tasted the fresh mint of Castiel’s toothpaste, and felt the heat that was always there at the core of Castiel’s being.
Cas looked away for a second and then back to Dean. “For part of the year. Is that going to be a problem?”
Their spend washed off of them the moment they dared to pull apart. Dean looked up into Cas’s eyes, drawn in by how big they’d gotten. Cas pulled him close again and softly kissed his face and then mouth, before reaching for the soap.
“How many books do you have on this stuff anyway?” Dean asked, realizing too late that he’d provided no context. “I mean, books on magic and stuff.”
“I can’t stand it anymore, I need to take the rest of today, maybe tomorrow off.” Garth grimaced. “Sorry, Dean, but I think you need to ask Aaron to come down early.” Garth reached for his apron and untied it.
Wednesday at The Bunker started much like it had earlier in the week, though Charlie didn’t stop by. Once the early morning rush had quietened down, Garth cornered Dean while he shifted the discs of used grounds that had built up in a tray beside the espresso machine.
Slowly he filled his basket with the tools he needed, including disposable gloves, cuticle sticks, and some kind of moisturizer. Several store assistants watched Dean with mild interest as he stalked the aisles, looking for the right tools and treatments. He finished off his hunt looking for a thick pair of socks Cas could wear after Dean was done to make sure that the moisturizer had a chance to condition Cas’s skin.
“Uh, yeah. Does this place still operate as a hotel?” Dean asked, thinking of the rooms he had seen.
Sam declined an invitation to dinner by Cas when it came time for him to leave, so Dean found himself spending his first Saturday evening in The Ddraig watching Castiel cook in the hotel’s cavernous kitchen. Ten years ago, before he moved away to be with Cassie, if Dean had the shift off, he would have been out trawling bars back in Lawrence. Finding a lay had been easy and Dean knew he still turned heads—he was reminded of it almost every shift at The Bunker. He’d only let up on the drinking a bit when he’d gotten together with Lisa, but then he found himself finding excuses to head out when their fighting got too much.
“I know you’re a dragon,” Dean continued. “Can’t we just, y’know, try? Like, how will we ever know if we can work, unless we try?”
“Cas is here on speaker. So, not sure how much you could make out, Cas, but Sammy here wants to use The Ddraig for a huge ass Halloween party.” Dean shifted. “He wants a big party. All our friends. Booze. Food. Costumes. What do you think?”
Dean turned to Cas, and at the same time that Cas turned to him. Castiel’s eyes threatened to swallow Dean up and yet he couldn’t quite bring himself to turn away as the air between grew warm with their breaths. Dean licked his lips and Cas’s eyes flicked down to track the movement and then flicked back to Dean’s gaze. Maybe it was the rush of emotions that Dean had been through in the past twelve hours, the horror, shock, surprise and earth shattering revelations, or the simple fact that Cas—with his any every which way hair, piercing azure eyes, just right stubble and what was clearly a well defined body underneath his slacks and shirt—was sexy as fuck, but Dean didn’t want to move out of Cas’s space.
All too soon four hours had passed and it was time they started wrapping up. With a group of knights incapacitated after they’d made a daring escape with Ger, who Hirst was by then on side with Lady Ellis in thinking they were going to be betrayed soon enough, it was time to wrap things up. Dean pulled his dice set into the bag that Kevin had hand knitted for him and pulled its drawstring tight, closing it. With having covered Garth the previous weekend, Dean didn’t have to worry about getting home to sleep and be ready to head in early for a shift, but he was still feeling tired enough.
“Yes… and I’m sure you’re wondering why I don’t hire a podiatrist when it gets this bad? And let me tell you, I’ve tried. But some either charge a fortune or wish to… involve me in quite invasive features. And it’s just not tenable for me to put myself into such care.” Castiel sighed. “You see?”
Dean made a hasty decision on how much cheese to lay on and asked, “May I have this dance?” holding his hand out as he.
Cas paced away from Dean and walked over to the other side of the room to face Dean. He was caught in a wide beam of moonlight, his shadow large against the pale wall. “Are you sure you want to know Dean? You’ll see things differently if you do. I don’t think you’ll be able to go back to how things were before.”
“Fine.” Dean crossed his arms over his chest, ignoring the cup of black coffee he’d poured for himself.
I need you to know that you’re still welcome at the house. Okay. And I appreciate that you finding somewhere so fast means that Eileen and I can live together so much sooner, without her having to worry about her own lease coming to an end.” Sam put a hand through his hair and took a deep breath before continuing. “You’re still my brother and I will be there for you, whenever you need me. I know a lot’s happened in these past few years… and I’m still here to support you, no matter what.”
“You need to understand that I don’t just mean gobbling him up like some poor handmaiden. Dean’s been through a lot. Lost a lot too. I don’t want to see him go through something like that again.”
This was the effect that the tweaking in the wards was meant to enable and Dean was glad it was sorted in time for the party. Parking up, Dean and Sam proceeded to shift the decorations from the car to the dining room. Piling everything up along one of the shorter walls, Sam then helped Dean move the tables and chairs into a buffet area and then one of the smaller tables for the DJ they had hired.
Dean went back to the table and waited five minutes, but there was still nothing. He started on his burger and fries, enjoying the herbs in the patty and prayed he didn’t have to reheat Cas’s food, because it definitely wouldn’t taste so good after. Fifteen minutes once he’d started eating, there was still no sign of Cas.
But meeting Castiel’s eyes, Dean’s was treated to a beaming smile from his strange new housemate. “Why, thank you, Dean. Yes, I have worked hard to bring together my collection.”
Once the order was confirmed, Dean turned the screen off and started back on his stack of pancakes, now cold.
“I normally found it… uncomfortable to watch what was going on,” Cas admitted. “So, I don’t really know.”
“Uh-huh. Not far from here. Apartment. Quite new. Comes furnished. I’m hoping it’s the one, considering Sam’s kicking me out.”
Dean could imagine that almost any other coffee shop out there wouldn’t want their staff to spend their time with their customers like this. But Garth ran a different ship. He genuinely believed in making The Bunker welcome to all, so that anyone could find a respite from their life, feel safe and recenter themselves enough so that they could go on to face whatever it was they had to deal with beyond The Bunker’s front door. And if they didn’t feel like coming in, that was fine too. Anyone who stopped by and wanted a drink, but didn’t want to commit to coming inside, or couldn’t afford to buy a drink or something to eat? Garth or Dean would serve them outside or use a pay-it-forward stub to cover the cost of the drink.
Dean tried clearing his throat to get Sam’s attention, twisting around on the deep dark brown leather sofa that dominated the center of the living room. But Sam kept typing away. The living room was spacious enough, one wall occupied by a home media center that Sam rarely got the chance to use.
That bought a laugh from Cas before he continued more seriously, “But your brother doesn’t know about your gift?”
, he thought miserably. Because he’d been pulling long nights and some weekends, desperately working to help his bosses at AquaWheels keep their investors happy as they tried to find a hydrogen powered car design that worked. It was an iterative process, but venture capital was always a hungry master.
When they finally pulled back to get some air, Dean launched a shower of snowflakes down the front of his borrowed beanie.
“We need a way to look at these books that’s not just me. I am almost blind to their insights now.” Cas took the sauce off the heat and set it to one side. There was a ping and he reached down to the oven, opening it and sliding a tray of garlic bread out.
Curious, Dean wondered quite what Cas was thankful for. “What are you going to say you’re thankful for?”
Cas softened and pulled them closer, and the rest of the room melted away for a while, as Cas’s arms wrapped around his and Dean rested his head on Cas’s shoulder.
“Alright, Cas, I’m gonna try the clippers first at the ends. I need you to hold as still as you can, but, like let me know if it hurts at any point, okay?” Dean knelt down beside the bathtub.
“Hey there, Janet. Hey Thomas,” Dean greeted as he set the tray down. Thomas was seated beside the window, a toy train he was obsessed with making trails over their table. Once the tray was down, the train started to do laps around the tray.
Much of it was a clear fire hazard, but before Dean could say anything to that effect, he noted that actually there was good distance between the fireplace and everything else, and the ceiling had sprinklers and smoke detectors. He could lay off the lecture.
Cas looked away for a moment and then met Dean’s gaze. “Well, you appear to be some kind of medium. Though not trained.”
A moment later the handshake was over, and Cas turned back to his seat. “I’ll leave you to your tour, I’m sure you’re eager to see the rest of The Ddraig.” He picked up the latest novel he was reading—the fifth book Dean had seen him devour that week.
“Cream, one sugar, yes?” Cas asked as he approached the vintage, Gaggia coffee machine that took pride of place in the kitchen.
. Dean headed off out and met up with Bobby outside the main entryway. Five minutes later they were slowly taking the mattress up the central staircase, Bobby and Dean both huffing and struggling as they managed the many stairs.
Dean gave Cas an appalled look. “Fine, you deserve to party. But we should probably find a way to at least make sure people can make their way here without me having to drive every single person. Or else I ain’t getting to drink.”
Knowing that he should and doing it were two very different things. He felt the weight of his cell in his pocket and looked around the coffee shop. It was quiet for the moment, the only other customers on the other side of the shop. With a long suffering sigh, Dean pulled his cell out and unlocked it, sliding over to Doctor Rowena McLeod’s number. He hit dial and showed Sam the screen as the number dialed and started to ring.
"Cas, I'm not sure if you are really there or if this is some delusion I'm imaging to comfort myself." He took a shuttered breath, "I'm so sorry that I put ourselves in this predicament. I'm sorry for failing you."
"Because it could cause an all out war and we are trying to get enough information so that we can rid the world of them, not start a war."
At the mention of Castiel’s name Dean felt nauseated. He opened his mouth to confirm Jody’s answer but instead he found himself running towards the bathroom. Sam chased after him.
“You will keep me filled in anytime you find something new and don’t hide anything from me just to protect me.” She said with a teary smile not wanting to say goodbye to her boys.
Sam left the kitchen towards his brother's room. He knocked on the door and entered when he heard a 'come in' from inside. Dean was sitting up right in his bed with his hands splayed on his stomach and his eyes closed.
Bobby entered with two beers in his hands to see Sam sitting at the table. He looked around the room, "Where's the princess?"
They debated for a little bit and came to a consensus that they would tell her enough to help her and leave it at that. They ended that conversation in perfect timing for her to pop her head in and announce that dinner was almost ready.
“I’m fine.” Dean sighed at the stubborn old man before him and nodded. They headed back out to the old mill together.
"Are we going to stand around here all day or are you going to show me what you found?" Bobby inquired with a mouth full of sandwich. Sam nervously swayed from foot to foot and cleared his throat, "Right. Everything is in the library." He walked away hoping his move would cause the other two to follow. He was getting ready to turn back towards them when he heard their footsteps fall close behind.
Dean squinted his eyes at the two men in suspicion. They held their breath waiting for him to explode in rage, "Okay. Whatever." He got up from his seat and walked over to the fridge like it was no big deal. Dean's reaction made Sam and Bobby look at each other bewildered.
“An answer like what? You know how those tests work, right? I have angel grace in me and the last time I checked grace is not made from HCG.”
"I'm having a really hard time with the fact that you're not curious about your pregnancy. I just . . . I mean. . . Don't you have questions cause I do. Yeah, sure we know nothing about your particular situation. But I can't help and feel like you should be doing something. . I don't know. . . productive."
“Um. . .Sure.” Sam scoffed in disbelief while his brother served them. As he watched his brother return to the stove to fix his own plate. Sam leaned into to whisper to Bobby, "Maybe he has decided to tell us what happened to him." Bobby whispered back, "We can only hope."
“I’m not. He’s in his room right now. I thought I would give him some space. He’ll come out when he is ready.”
Bobby let out a sigh and looked in the direction of Dean’s room as he listened to Sam. He looked back towards him as an idea popped into his head.
“I’ll have the double bacon cheeseburger with fries, a side of buffalo wings, onion rings, a side salad and a slice of pie.” Dean flashed the waitress a smile and gave a wink as she took their menus.
Dean pulled out antacids, cocoa butter lotion, ginger chews, and some other various medications. He opened the container of antacids gladly and chewed a couple waiting for relief. A few minutes later he sighed at the immense relief he was feeling, Bobby walked in to see over-the-counter medication in front of Dean, "What's going on?"
Bobby was just joining the party as Dean told Sam about his dream. He didn’t tell him everything just that Cas appeared to him. “What are you two knuckleheads doing up?” questioned Bobby.
Bobby arrived back at the bunker about ten minutes ago and went in search of the boys. He didn't find them anywhere. He was climbing the bunkers stairs to go look for them when it flung open and Sam was walking in with a weaken Dean leaning on him for support.
A conversation ensued between Sam and Bobby once Dean was out of ear shot. They grew concerned that maybe Castiel's grace was starting to have a negative affect on him.
Everyone was up early getting ready to go see Jody at the Sheriff’s Office. There was casual conversation on the way there.
They shared a look and then Sam wished Bobby a good night. Bobby shook his head and then he followed.
It’s been a month and a week since Dean’s return to earth. He entered the kitchen to find Sam on his laptop.
As they were pulling up, Dean started to have second thoughts about the whole thing. He just hoped that his appearance would go unnoticed by Jody which it probably would because he had not seen her in quite some time. Upon getting out of the car, the three of them could sense something was up. As they entered the building their suspicions were confirmed. Everyone inside was running around acting like they were planning for a big bust. They saw Jody in the middle directing some of her deputies and before they had a chance to make their presence known she turned around and saw them, “Am I glad to see you guys.”
Dean looked at his brother, "We talked about this, Sam. No kid gloves. I can help out with easy hunts."
Sam picked it up, "No way." He looked over at Dean and Bobby with a smile on his face. They looked confused at his excitement until he turned the book around for them to read the cover. The title loosely translated as,
Dean knew he was busted. “That last website was an accident. I was doing some research to figure out what's going on with me.” He took a heavy sigh, “Short version, I’m carrying Cas’s grace. I'm not sure what that entails so I explored all options.”
“Good, cause I wasn't thinking about how weird this situation is. I was thinking how lucky you and Cas are to have a life most hunters don’t get. You know as well as I that hunting doesn’t allow you to have a family, to be normal.”
____________________________________________________________________________________________________
"Until we know for sure what Clearan's plan is, maybe we should wait to see if anything new happens."
They walked to the library, "I guess you could grab another nap while I start researching." replied Sam as he gathered some books.
Sam offered Jody help with setting the table; she graciously accepted. She made chicken noodle soup in honor of Dean being unwell. They talked a little during dinner and she mentioned how nice it was to have her boys for a visit. Sam and Dean cleared the table and brought in dessert, an apple pie, of course.
"Sooo. . . .what? You just wanna give up?" Sam said somberly as he carded his hand through his hair.
*Update*: I decided to make the phone conversation between Jody and Sam a little easier to follow. (1/4/2020)
Sam stood up from the table to take his plate to the sink, "Might want to slow down there, Dean. Eating fast like that might not be good for you later."
Dean sat up in surprise causing Cas to rash to the floor. Everything disappeared around him and he was zapped back to reality as he opened his eyes in the real world.
The war room recently turned in to the hunter hotline hotspot. Bobby transferred it here when he knew that he would be spending more time in the bunker. Dean stood there looking at all the phones and decided he would wait until the next morning before turning them on. Dean was exhausted and not in the mood to answer phones today.
I felt with all the seriousness going on the mood needed to be lightened a little with some comedy.  But keep in mind that I have not quite decided where I want to take my story. So just enjoy the scene between the brothers and have a good laugh. At this point, I am neither confirming nor denying that Dean may be pregnant.
Dean was going to retort back when Bobby joined in and they both looked at him, "Where the hell is my beer?"
“You think you were helping but you’ve only caused more issues. Dean will do nothing to help you now.”
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cas looked to Dean, "Maybe we should give her a chance to explain why she is here." He pulled Dean back to the bench and they sat down.
Dean watched his brother closing the door in realization that his brother came to check up on him and he brushed him off. “Sam?”
Bobby armed himself and walked up to the mill. He cautiously walked inside to find Sam gagged and tied a chair. He was then jumped by two men and disarmed. A third man walked behind Sam and held a knife to his throat. The man who Bobby recognized as Micka called out to him, “try anything and this Winchester gets it.” The knife sliced Sam’s neck a little to prove he wasn’t joking. Bobby made a dumb decision and tried to wriggle free. The two men holding him delivered punch after punch until blood was drawn. Sam tried yell at them to stop. He was pulled firmer against the back of the chair. Micka walked over to Bobby who was on the ground with a bruised and bloody face. As he approached, the two men on either side of Bobby held him up so Micka could get right up in his face, “You tell Dean Winchester to bring us the book or his brother gets turned into one of us.”
Bobby and Dean shrugged as they returned their attention back to the books in front of them. Sam crawled back into his seat to now finding a pencil where his pen was, "Ha ha, very funny, Dean."
Bobby and Sam also hugged her and thanked her for the hospitality before joining Dean in the car. The three of them headed back to Bobby’s house to discuss their plan of action and stay one more night.
"Just making sure you're going to help us because we really need it right now. Sam can't go after it on his own."
Castiel tried to grab it from her, “Great. Lets get it to them right away and be done with this mess.”
Dean exits the car, "Hey Bobby." He walks back to the trunk. Sam is already back there popping it open.
“About an hour and a half ago when you were taking a leak. Its been nothing but static on Cas radio.”
