Sherlock sighs and rolls over in his bed. The flat is too quiet – too empty. He needs his John. And how Sherlock hates it. This weakness he has. He never used to have any. He was strong. Emotionless. His own being. But not anymore. Now, John is his everything. John is his happiness. John is his life. John is his heart. John is his life. Sherlock can only wonder if John feels it too, that connection between them. Because John Watson is the only person who’s emotions he struggles to read. He is the only person who has learnt how to hide things from Sherlock.
John laughs – in disbelief, Sherlock thinks.
“I love you, Sherlock,” John says softly. “I’m in love with you.”
“Sherlock, I moved in with you because for the first time since returning to London, I felt alive. I stayed with you because you make me smile when I thought I would never be able to again. I come on cases with you because of how alive it makes me feel – not just because of the thrill, but because of how much I love to see you use that brilliant mind of yours.  I put up with the experiments and the body parts because it makes you happy. I drop my girlfriends and cancel other plans because when you message me, I’ll always choose to be with you over anyone else. And because I worry about you going on cases alone. I make you tea and force you to eat because I know that if I don’t, you won’t bother, and I hate to see you not looking after yourself. It scares me.”
“John,” Sherlock whimpers, letting his hands slip under John’s shirt and caress his stomach. They kiss lazily for several long minutes as the initial desperation fades away. Sherlock can barely comprehend what is happening. He has John, in his lap, kissing him,
Sherlock is perfectly okay with John going on a date. Why wouldn’t he be? Sherlock doesn’t have emotions. He’s been told this plenty of times over the years. And yes, John isn’t like other people. Sherlock doesn’t despise him  or his presence like he does everyone else. John… John matters, in a way that no one else ever has. He’s family. But still. Sherlock does not care that John is on a date, leaving Sherlock alone in their flat. Really. He doesn’t.
“John?” he asks.
Sherlock is too worried. Too concerned and his brain won’t work, damn it. He reaches out and places a hand on John’s shoulder. John tenses further, but then his entire body relaxes, his shoulders sagging.
Sherlock pushes up on his elbows and peers at John, squinting in the dark room, the only light flickering in from the hallway.
“We got on,” Sherlock whispers. “We had fun together at that first crime scene. It makes up for my, as you put it, quirks.”
“John, I don’t understand.” Sherlock hates saying that. He hates admitting that he doesn’t
Sherlock tucks his head down and kisses John’s hair. “I love you, too,” he whispers, hardly believing the words ‘I love you’ have left his lips. How horribly sentimental. How horribly human.
are everything. And I can’t be with anyone else because I am already with
bother him. But it does. Sherlock wishes it didn’t. There is no logical reason why John dating should have any effect on him. But… but it does. John is his person. His flatmate. His colleague. His friend. John is
John laughs. “I’m not gay. I just happen to be in love with you, the man who defies all logic and normalcy anways.”
He had made Sherlock human.
“Sherlock, they were right,” John says softly, gently squeezing Sherlock’s hand which is still inside both of John’s. “Kathleen and Jennifer and Sophia and Martha – all of them. They broke up with me because they said that I was already completely devoted to someone else. I couldn’t see it before, but now. Sherlock… you and me… we’re everything.
John, finally, looks up and meets Sherlock’s gaze. “No,” John murmurs. “No, you don’t, do you.” He says it as a statement, not a question. John licks his lips. “Neither did I. Despite everyone saying it. But maybe they
“You’re the one being sentimental.  I’m merely imposing a pleasing sense of order and symmetry onto our lives.”
There was another mug on the table, and John sighed as he sat down, noting that it had already had milk added to it.
“As a last resort,” Sherlock said, looking back towards the book.
Sherlock shrugged.  "Tell them to look to their own affairs?"
"Isn't he?"
"It's no trouble," John said, discomforted by the silence between him and Mycroft.  Mycroft was singular in that he was able to make John feel uncomfortable with silence at all.
“It is, isn't it,” John said, voice thick at the memory of the dream Sherlock saying nearly the same thing.
John bristled a bit at the authoritative tone, but it felt like something he was doing just because he expected himself to do it.  "I won't.  I haven't."
“I know that’s how Sherlock likes to dress but you have to put a baby in bright colors at least from time to time.  That’s the one time you get to even be in charge of what they wear,” Sarah said.
Such precise language.  Not
"The thing is, we've been together for over a year now."
“What?”
"As observant as I am, I can only guess at what you're thinking right now."  Sherlock's voice sounded like it was far away-- a bad sign.  John pushed his hand down hard on the edge of the drawer, under the pretense of needing to support himself as he stood up.  It steadied him for a moment, anyway.
Upstairs Sherlock was still sitting with the egg on the outside of his shirt.
John shook his head.  "Lucozade."
After about twenty minutes any sense of worry he had was replaced by irritation at Sherlock’s comment-- that he didn’t have a good partner.  What was John doing at work if not trying to lay in a nest egg for their child?  Their child, who they conceived on the very first day of their romantic relationship, and, who John added, in his own mind, was going  to finish gestating in a matter of weeks, hardly a normal situation at all.
“Yeah, I’ve been working up to it.”  He could feel his heartbeat in his throat, while Sherlock looked entirely calm.  He reached out for Sherlock’s hand, for his own comfort.  Sherlock gave it, but for a moment rested his fingertips against John’s palm.  That’s when he felt it, the tremor that could only be felt at that gentle touch.  They both squeezed tightly.
“Quite sure.  But we’ve been buying clothes in blue and gray, mostly, it seems.”
“What’s your foot doing up there?” John asked.  When he’d imagined her in the egg she’d always been tidily curled up, heels against her rump.
Sherlock obeyed, his fingers denting in the soft skin of his arse as he pulled, revealing his slick crease, dark pink hole at the center of it seeming to still hold the shape of where John's fingers had opened him.
“Any cost. No matter how large or small.”
John felt an uncomfortable flip in his stomach at that, the reminder of the other magic tricks he'd claimed to have performed, the ones he had, in fact, gotten away with.
“Nothing? There was a baby in there, Sherlock there is a baby, our baby.” His vision was swimming red, his ears filling with a rushing hissing noise, like the falling of distant mortars. “Where is it, where is the cot, Sherlock, what did you do with it?”
Sherlock’s mouth quirked a bit at that.  “And how is he?”
The reply was instant.  John sighed.
“It will be very handsome.”
"True."
"I'm sure you can figure something out, John.  No matter what you say, she will be predisposed to believe you."
“Not having them confront the reality of other kinds of life on earth is far more for my own comfort and security than theirs,” Sherlock said, and John could not disagree.
“It's fine, John, I'm well aware that my family is not known for their warm demeanor. When it comes to children, however, I think you'll find that they will all be uniformly smitten.” He stretched his arms one at a time, leaning back with one hand on the egg. “Despite the fact that I did not take to it readily, I did not lack affection when I was a child.”
“Should we make my room the nursery, then?” John asked.
“Yeah, soon,” John said, holding the egg awkwardly with one hand as he carefully walked to the sofa.  The surface of the shell was still warm, and he set it carefully on the crease between two cushions as he retrieved his dinner from the kitchen, resting the plate on the coffee table as he ate, watching a QI rerun and trying not to worry about Sherlock.
"He has an affliction that comes upon him once every seven years.  It's a condition, more than a disease, and he will survive.  Our mother had the same condition though she no longer suffers."
“These clothes are all from Sherlock’s cousins.  They’ve been passed from family to family.  Sherlock, I think this was actually yours when you were small.”  She held up a blue linen shirt with a heavily embroidered yoke in red over the shoulders and the middle of the chest.
John nodded. "I'd say it does.  Why CoE?"
“Boys, you’re up early this morning.”
To his surprise Sherlock was smiling.  "I may be under the influence, but that was not the genesis of this.  I can prove it to you."  He pulled his phone out of the pocket of his dressing gown and handed it to John.
Sherlock had the egg tied to himself, a sure sign that as soon as John was out of the house he would be up and experimenting-- the fact that he did not do this right in front of John was by turns worrisome and endearing.  Sherlock had promised no solvents of any kind, nothing that couldn't be eaten, really, and John believed him, but it was still concerning, given what Sherlock was wont to get into.  Then there was the fact that at any moment a client might come calling, and with only Sherlock in the flat his choices were to feign not being home, or to entrust the egg to Mrs. Hudson for the duration of the consult.  These were no more than the same concerns John had had for weeks, but now they seemed keener, more pressing.
"Was it that I said your features are ordinary?"
John made as if to pull away, but Sherlock held him tight.  The strain on John's back was too great, finally, and he lowered himself to his knees, his face finally nearly on a level with Sherlock's, though the other man's eyes were closed.
Something about the exchange must have felt off to Sherlock, because the next thing John knew he was standing at the edge of the sofa. "I've upset you."  He was looking down at John, perturbed at his own lack of understanding.
“Well, you’re more than a bit clever, so it fits.”  John kissed his temple, then leaned on his shoulder again, unable to tear himself away from looking at her.
"How are we going to explain the presence of a new baby, a mere three months from now?"
"I assume you've at least told her that we are together?"  The tone of his voice gave away that he was already looking down, examining what John couldn't even begin to imagine.
"That you haven't thought of."  Sherlock set himself down heavily in his usual chair, feet up on the coffee table.  "I've been at home, remember?  I've put a great deal of thought into these things."
"It's a baby carrier, John, not a bag.  Do make it sound as if you know babies can't be placed in hand luggage."
“Of course.”  John lied down on his side on  top of the covers, accepted the bundled egg against the bare skin of his abdomen, keeping the sheet over its exposed side.  He waited to see if he could feel his temperature going up, but felt nothing unusual as Sherlock searched through his dresser.
“I remember doing the same,” his father told him as he took off his coat.  He handed it to Sherlock, not imperious, but not apologetic either-- simply the most efficient action, delegated to the most likely person to carry it out.  John suddenly no longer had any problem imagining this man declaring that he was going to stay in Norway while his wife left, but not get divorced, nor have any ill will towards her at all.
John and Sarah finally go out to lunch.
“It won’t be long now, and I’ll leave you two to it, but I need to give you one instruction.”
“Hunches exist,” John said.  “She’s really moving.  Should we call Annborg?”
“A fortified entryway,” Sigeursonn said. “Very good, I'll talk to Mrs. Hudson and Mycroft can vet the contractors.”
John twisted around to look at Sherlock, who had his usual look of wanting to admonish John for jumping to conclusions.
“Doctor.”  Sherlock sat up, cradling the egg.
“Sherlock,” John said, his voice cracking, his ears feeling filled with water. “Sherlock, what is going on?”
“I didn’t think that I was being so awful as to merit being kept out of the loop.”
“Sounds oddly threatening,” John pointed out, but he followed, his hand still in Sherlock’s.
John breathed deeply, ready to attack him, ready to fight and beat the information out of him, yelled as he surged forward, stopped, suddenly, by arms around his waist.
"What's this about then?" John asked.  His phone buzzed in his pocket and he pulled it out, looking at the screen blatantly.
“It’ll be months before that happens,” Sherlock said, but as he looked around the kitchen John realized that most of the paraphernalia had been put away weeks ago, probably when he was too busy to have noticed.
“I don't remember them,” Sherlock said, “for which I am grateful. But that's not my point. Tell me, what was I doing, or what had I done, that was so horrifying?”
"I could not resist some small deviations from the plan," Sherlock admitted.
Sherlock merely nodded.  John stood up, wanting to comfort him, though he wasn’t even sure that was the right word.  Sherlock didn’t look upset as such, merely locked into some thought or other.  A slight twitch of Sherlock’s hand warned him away and he went into the kitchen instead.
The sounds next to them changed from construction to cleaning, and then Anthea’s heels against the threadbare hall carpet.
"Sherlock, what is it?"
“Why not?” Sherlock asked. “Infants sleep with their parents all around the world.”
“And all around the world people do without vaccines or indoor plumbing as well,” he said.  “It doesn’t make it a good idea.”
“Yes, I suppose you’ll not be giving up that habit.”  John settled in beside him.  Usually not one for napping or getting back into bed in the middle of the day, he found that he couldn’t quite resist.
"I promise, when the baby is here, I won't be overcome like this," John said.  It was a useless promise, he knew, but it felt true nonetheless.
Sarah gasped softly.  "You've got to tell Judith in the front office, so she'll stop putting you in for shifts.  Did you put in for paternity leave?"
.  That wasn't right-- but he felt it in his bones, that it could have been.  Even if he had wanted no part of it, he still would have been hard pressed to say no.  Maybe it would have been impossible.  He was grateful not to know.
Annborg listened to her heart and lungs, pressed on her belly and examined her hips before carefully turning her over, still supported by Sherlock, and running her fingers down her spine.  “She’s perfect.”  She settled the baby back in Sherlock’s arms and slipped the stethoscope back into her pocket.
"Well, tell me what you had in mind."
John had asked.
"Sarah, this is Anthea, a family friend."  The lie tripped off his tongue so lightly that he almost believed it for a moment.
“She’s not crying,” John said, glancing up at Annborg.  “Should she be crying?”
“Absolutely.  The egg is hardly sentient at this point, and I’m feeling very,” he paused and swallowed, staring at John’s hardening cock.  “Drawn to you.”
"And the next time, you don't remember?"
"No, there really wasn't."  She turned back to the list of special dishes.  "This is remarkable, so much variety.  It's really nice."
"That wouldn't make your own needs any less, I don't believe, so for now, while we can, do not think of hiding this sort of reaction from me."
“Everyone is well.  Sigurson sends his love.”
John looked away as he put the bottles back in the drawer, wondering if he'd ever heard Sherlock voice something so altruistic.  His hand trembled for a moment when he realized that the only other time that he knew of had been when Sherlock had hidden himself away for a year, not letting John know that he was alive, simply to keep John from peril.  It had hurt the both of them terribly, but whereas John had at least attempted to mourn and then recover, Sherlock had felt the guilt of deception and the unfulfilled desire to tell every day.
”Well, if you’re sure.” John took a last sip from his mug, put it down on the table. It was just so damn hard, sitting in front of Sherlock, the still not quite healed wound a constant reminder of what John did and all the lines that, in his self-righteous rage, he had crossed. Had to get out, just had to.
”Is there any coffee left?” Caroline strolls into the kitchen, pours herself a cup, then comes to sit down across from him. ”God, I don’t think I can ever eat again.” She reaches to undo the top button of her black skirt. ”Sorry, just couldn’t breathe.”
”Bees.”
He’d felt insanely relieved when they had parted ways in the late afternoon - John to drop of Anna, and Sherlock to go straight home to recuperate before dinner. The flat had never before seemed so wonderfully quiet.
The contractions of John’s abs, the hot rush of liquid, spurting over his chest, over John’s chest, and then he felt it - he had gotten some on his face too. John’s semen was on his hand, his chest, his throat and on his chin, and if he’d reached out his tongue, he could have tasted it. And that was the knowledge that sent Sherlock over the edge.
”You think so?”
”What - the - fuck - do - you - mean?” John almost whispered to her.
Beeping from a monitor. He forced his eyes open just enough to made out the numbers on the screen. Blood pressure acceptable. Normal sinus rhythm. Oxygen saturation excellent at 99%.
- everything good I hope?”
In one continuous motion, he took John’s cock into his mouth, leaned forward, exhaled through his nose. But around the point where John’s previous partners would stop and pull back, sometimes with a gag or a choking sound, Sherlock just kept going.
A pinging sound; John’s text alert. The sound that has been driving Sherlock mad, these last two days and- who has John been texting? Sherlock has just pushed it away - didn’t want to think about it, but-
Still no reply. John was facing Sherlock but he was just looking straight out in the empty air again. John, however, knew him well enough to see that he was intensely processing John’s words, evaluating the situation.
”You know Sherls, it feels like I’ve known you forever, but sometimes I remember that there were twelve long years when we didn’t keep in touch. Don’t get me wrong here, but I can’t help to wonder-”
John was doing all this to him, and no matter how he tried, he just couldn’t understand it was real.
John exhaled, slightly relieved that she perhaps was somewhat more reasonable than the crazy phone thing had suggested.
He closed the text, let the phone fall back down on the table, ducked under the duvet again.
”Victor… asked me to stay, but… I just felt I had to leave. Thought I’d already caused that poor old man too much trouble, and that it’d be better if he could just get some time alone with his son instead of having me there to remind him constantly of something he so clearly wanted to forget. So. I left.”
John forced a smile. ”Yeah, quite so.”
John caught himself with his mouth gaping open. He could not think of a single thing to reply. He needn't, though, because Sherlock apparently had more to say. He had scooted forward in his chair, was sitting on the edge of it now, closely observing John.
At first, Sherlock just sits there, eating his burger. The crew behind him - must be over thirty people at the scene now after the firetrucks arrived - are all watching intently, waiting anxiously.
. Second best alternative, if not thinking about it at all turns out to be impossible.
”Sorry, what?” John’s gaping, his eyes wide. ”His what? Mycroft is
Sherlock’s stomach has tightened into a sharp knot. ”I apologise,” he interrupts, not looking up from the floor on which his eyes currently are locked. ”For making you uncomfortable-”
Sherlock was lying on his back, and John was on his side next to him, with one leg nestled in between Sherlock’s. He was cupping Sherlock’s jaw with his hand, holding his head in place while they were kissing. They’d been doing that for a long time now, John seemed to plan to keep at it indefinitely. Not that Sherlock in any way minded.
He slowly walked up to him, desperately trying to think of what would be the right thing to say. Sherlock had never been comfortable around other people’s emotional outbursts, never knowing what to do or say and often ending up just making it worse somehow.
”I’m quite certain I’d make a horrible teacher,” Sherlock mumbled, irritated at this relentless nagging.
In through the nose, out through the mouth, just like exhaling smoke from a cigarette.
An idea begins to take form.
A client, from years ago. Her brother in law had turned out to have been scheming to lay his hands on the family fortune, and it had been a very close call that he'd managed to finish off his entire extended family when this woman had stumbled upon his plans. He’d solved it in less than twenty-four hours.
********************
. Ha! Easy!”
It’s getting too much. Sherlock puts his glass down on the table, hard; his legs and arms restless. He swallows, tries to compose himself. His distress shows, he thinks, because suddenly, John’s hand is on his arm, gently rubbing it.
“You're kidding,” John said, dumbfounded. It probably shouldn't come as a surprise that Sherlock would wank off to insane things.
”Look at that amazing dick,” Sherlock said, and then reached out a finger to slowly trace the underside of John’s erect cock, causing John to gasp.
”Oh my fucking god, of course he did! Fuck! If I had only realized the extent-
John is looking him in the eyes, unwavering, like what he’s just said is some kind of challenge. Maybe it is.
Feels himself edging closer, rapidly now.
”But that’s the thing, I don’t think that’s true. I’m pretty sure he does feel things, a lot of things, maybe just… just not towards me.” John pauses as the words take form, the weight in his stomach grows heavier. ”I was mistaken to think it meant something.”
”Sherlock.” John suddenly sounds like he means it, and Sherlock’s mind sharpens a little at the stern look he’s getting.
”What?” John said, not really believing this last piece of information. ”To the classical station I take it? Was it Wagner?”
***********************
Strangely enough, John didn’t seem angry or disgusted with him. Or maybe he was just too nice to show it, being a good doctor and all.
With Sherlock so close to John, it was hard to hold on to the anger. It was
”To stay, of course! I want you to stay.”
They stopped in front of the closed door.
“Good luck with that, love, I think you'll need it,” he'd chuckled, and gotten an angry stare from Sherlock in return.
It had only made John’s rage worse. Oh God. John found himself closing his eyes at the memory.
John's lips felt dry, he nervously licked them. “You do?”
And then he noticed, in the corner of his eye, John standing at some distance, watching them intensely. How long had he been standing there? Sherlock felt a bit embarrassed, but couldn’t really pin point why. He turned to look at John, and saw in his eyes something that looked an awful lot like teary happiness.
”Yeah, you tell yourself that, John.” She rolled her eyes. ”Do I really have to spell it out to you! Just listen to me now, because I honestly have your best interest in mind.”
He felt his body reacting intensely to all this, and felt dangerously close to coming. Somehow, Sherlock understood and pulled off quickly, then pressed his hand hard around the base of John’s cock, delaying the inevitable for at least a little while longer.
They were still smiling, but the laughter had finally trickled off. John’s abs were hurting from the vigorous workout. They had turned around and were now facing towards the bar and the many colorful bottles at the back, their elbows perched on the desk. John was still so close to Sherlock’s face, and he couldn’t remember when he last felt this happy.
”Sorry, love, I can’t do that,” John replied without looking back at Sherlock. He felt his heart beating in his throat now. Sherlock sighed behind him.
”Really? Huh. No, I did not know that.”
”Sherlock? Are you alright?” John’s voice equal parts concerned and wondering.
”I’m glad to see you two have sorted things out! Told you Curly, there was
She swallows, quickly dabs her sleeve at the corner of her eyes. Caroline has put her hand on Mrs Holmes’ shoulder, and Mrs Holmes reaches up to squeeze it.
“And the end result, in this case, John, very nearly cost my brother his life last night.”
“Regardless of what you think, Mary, I'm not your enemy. And I don't see you as my enemy, either. We have a daughter together, for christ's sake! And I love her, and I want to be a proper dad. And I want to be there for you too, even if I can't, you know, be with you in the way we both intended.”
Caroline turns to look at John. ”What do you say John, should we leg it? There’s still time.”
Nothing happened, just a dream-
”John, I know how much this means to you, and I really think you should-”
As they both were able to begin to move a bit faster, Sherlock noticed how John’s excitement increased. His body was tenser, his respiration more shallow, his pulse higher. The sounds he made; the moans, the grunts - they all fed straight into Sherlock’s own arousal.
”Goodness. A cliffhanger is something that ends in suspense, to keep you hooked. Like a film that has a sequel they want you to watch, for example.”
”It’s not Christmas Eve anymore, it’s half past one,” Sherlock says, then realises that maybe that was not the main point John was making. ”And I’m fine here. You, on the other hand, wouldn’t be, not with that shoulder of yours. Goodnight.”
Just for the heck of it, of course. But for once, it had been right up Sherlock's alley, and they'd spent one evening and an entire afternoon binge watching in bed.
”He’s a doctor, Gabe. They have very narrow minded definitions of those things. What time’s your flight again?”
”I would have given you anything you wanted, Sherlock, if I had-
At the fresh produce section, the intoxicating scent of fresh thyme hit him, and John suddenly decided to make a pasta in addition to what he had already picked up.
Then, things had just spiraled out of control, so fast, turned insanely hot.
”You’re beautiful,” John whispered, and then Sherlock felt the unmistakable sensation of John’s hard yet velvety soft dick pushing against his hole. Oh dear lord, how he’d waited for this moment.
Sometimes, he’d close his eyes and back track the path in his memory, all the way back, standing in the lab at Bart’s, looking up and seeing John for the very first time. When he did, he would always feel a strange sense of wonder about the fact that he was able to pin point the exact moment in which his life had changed.
John stops in the doorway on his way out. Sherlock can hear him draw a breath - he was going to say something but changed his mind. Maybe just as well.
”No, not then, but first responders did. Single perpetrator, young man, caucasian. Armed with a handgun, seems to be quite unstable.”
Sherlock had been so focused on the amazing interaction unfolding, and hadn't paid much attention to that particular part of himself for a while now. But feeling John's fist around him, as John began to stroke him in a quite decisive pace, reminded him how close to the edge he already was. He moaned with relief at the touch, momentarily throwing his head back into the pillow.
There are so many people, the entire house is packed and Sherlock absolutely hates it. It’s too loud - the chatter, the horrendous Christmas music in the background, the idiotic laughter; it’s all just too much,
John figured that this in all likelihood was going to be a very brief affair, however he went about it. He quickly pulled off Sherlock's trousers and pants, tossed them aside next to the chair, then turned back to look at Sherlock again.
John sighed again, removed his hand from his back.
”Oh, yes.” Gabe nodded, smiled what seemed to be a genuine smile.
”You’re in London for an interview,” Sherlock says, perhaps a bit abruptly, as his mind is slowly beginning to come back online. ”Second interview, in fact. At Bart’s. Mike encouraged you to apply. Trauma Unit. Staying for two nights.” A quick inhale. ”Where’s Rosie?”
”Caroline, lovely as always,” Sherlock replies, kisses her on both cheeks, casts a quick glance and sees that John already is carrying her bag.
Sherlock sighs, audibly. ”You know who.”
Two hours until he’s picking up Rosie from the birthday party, and he’s not sure if that time spent alone with his own thoughts is for better or worse. Maybe it doesn’t matter. It’s impossible to find a way to stop rehashing, regardless.
He was too restless to sit down, so he simply got inside and then waited, stood in parade rest with his hands interlocked behind his straightened back, prepared for anything.
Every imaginable catastrophic scenario had already crossed his mind by now.
”Of course,” Sherlock replies, still trying to wrap his head around the fact that this is really happening. ”That’s perfect. I’ll pick you up at the station.”
that you stay! You and I have a lot to talk about, Sherlock.”
They both tried to pull apart, but it was difficult, so very difficult to let go. Then, a rough voice, shouting from a fairly short distance, startled them both.
”Yes… yes she was. Poor girl. I heard it hasn’t gone so well for her, in life. Struggling with her mental health, I’ve gathered… But we had such fun, that day. Do you remember it, Mycroft?”
Instead, frees the hand that’s squeezed in between them, moves it to John’s cock and begins to stroke him through his trousers. Discovers he’s able to make out the contours; the ridge, the head, and
Sherlock never asked anyone for advice. He wondered if he’d ever asked John? He certainly could have. Certainly had gotten it without asking, on many occasions. John always knew the right things to do.
He was sitting next to Sherlock in the backseat of the police car, as it slowly moved through the London streets. They’d given their respective addresses to the policeman driving the car.
But that had been good, right? A good thing, that Sherlock was keeping himself busy and useful, even without John as his constant minder. And no, John wasn’t stupid and yes, perhaps in some way he’d sensed that Sherlock’s manic activity might be at least partially fuelled by some substance but-
He sighs quietly, then steals another look. John’s smiling as he’s looking at the screen, his eyes ridiculously starry; then begins to type again (still hasn’t learned to use both hands, most likely never will).
”Oh,” John said. ”Well, good.”
”Obviously,” replied Sherlock, looking pleased.
“I'm going upstairs to wait there. Do you mind if I keep your phone until the morning?”
“Mrs. Hudson? It's John,” he called, fairly loud to make sure she would hear it was him.
”But otherwise you would have, you mean?”
He suddenly looked sad, and it made John's stomach turn into little knots. He tried to meet Sherlock's gaze but he was looking down.
Sherlock reaches for the top button of John’s jeans. ”Off. Now.”
this. My god!”
”Alright. So the drugs are working out well for you, then?”
*******************
Without thinking, John finds himself reaching out to touch Sherlock’s cheek. This time, Sherlock doesn’t flinch.
John raised his body up a bit and shot a glance in the direction of Sherlock's nightstand.
”, he remembered Gabriel’s words to Sherlock, and it all fell into place.
The hours he spent with his daughter was the only time, really, that he actually felt a bit like himself again. Felt joy.
known, but chosen to ignore it.
John’s sitting leaned back into her fluffy white sofa, amongst a mountain of throw pillows in soft colours, a glass of wine in his hand. He feels slightly buzzed even though he hasn’t had that much to drink; Rebecca seems to be a bit more tipsy. She’s inching closer and closer, giggles, keep touching his arm. He can feel the warmth of her body against his.
”By punching your boyfriend in the face, yeah that’s completely normal behavior.”
”To be honest, I’m not entirely sure he does.”
Christmas Day. He’d planned it meticulously, gone through every possible scenario. Nothing could be allowed to go wrong.
Sharp surges of arousal running through him. He begins to thrust faster, still shallow, just a little bit more than the tip. Sherlock has his head lifted up from the pillow, is intensely staring down. Small beads of sweat are trickling down his forehead, the pale skin of his throat and chest are flushed red.
Hot humiliation rushed over him, burning his cheeks, stinging in his chest. John had never turned him down before, and having it happen like this, when all he wanted was to reach out to John and make everything better again and show him that he was sorry, really was, so very sorry for all of his shortcomings, for his failure to behave like the normal person that John deserved-
”Have you not heard a single word of what I’ve been telling you, John? She won’t, because she knows I am the leader and I've conditioned her to my commands. Watch!”
There was a DJ playing club music that John didn’t recognize, why should he, he hadn’t been out like this since… it dawned on him, since his stag night with Sherlock.
As soon as their lips met again, the crazed heat came rushing back. It was like everything else in the world had faded out; everything except for the overwhelmingly arousing sensation of his tongue in Sherlock’s mouth, or Sherlock’s full, and impossibly soft and wet lower lip in between his, and the aching, throbbing feeling in his cock as he let it rub against Sherlock’s thigh.
Sherlock's eyes were darting all over John's body, completely unabashedly, causing John to smile a little. There was not a trace of the keeping up appearances that John had often found with other partners, no, nothing like that at all. Sherlock just seemed to be doing exactly what he wanted to do, nothing more, nothing less. John found it liberating and very endearing to see.
”Do you want to have sex with me or not?”
A sense of panic, completely irrational but nevertheless, tore through him as memories of the night of Sherlock’s overdose came to mind. Just as he had decided to try to call him, he heard the front door open downstairs, and he realized that he could still, after all this time of not living at Baker Street, with a hundred percent accuracy recognize Sherlock’s steps in the stairs.
”Yes, fuck, yes-” Sherlock keeps whispering, insistently.
John looks at Sherlock, notices how the colour seems to drain from his face. Sherlock walks straight up to the sideboard in the back of the room, puts his tea mug down and instead, pours himself a large glass of scotch. Still standing, not speaking, he takes two big gulps of it in quick succession.
”My god… It’s even bigger than I expected, John. No wonder you walk like that.” Sherlock smiled, and John was starting to get tired of this goddamn blushing thing.
Then there’s an awkward moment where John’s unsure about how to greet Sherlock, but it’s sorted when Sherlock reaches out his hand. ”John,” he says, and John wonders if maybe, just maybe, Sherlock is a little nervous as well.
It had been so strange, to not be by Sherlock’s side this time. He had tried to keep in touch with texts, trying to suggest meeting up for lunch or a coffee once in a while, but knew all too well that that is not how one keeps up with Sherlock Holmes. He had needed to be there, but couldn’t.
”Know that I feel exactly the same about you, of course. I always have, I think. But I realized it when it was too late, and by then, you know, I’d screwed up so badly already.”
Sherlock is waiting for the kid to be brought out, searched, cuffed - one hand to an officer, the other hand free, after Sherlock’s specific instructions.
. John wants to slide his hand in underneath, wants to feel bare skin against his palm and-
John smiled and returned his hand to Sherlock’s hip, stroked it down the outside of his right thigh, then let it brush over the inside on the way back.
Mary had mentioned that David was going to be there, too, apparently they had reconnected during the summer.
”-because you genuinely cared.”
The house is unusually quiet, and since Sherlock’s brain can’t ever take a fucking break, he quickly adds up the clues to arrive at the conclusion that they have gone on some kind of walk. Thinks that a glass of orange juice would probably do him good, so he moves towards the kitchen.
But maybe he was a terrible person, because he just wasn’t able to feel it, at least not full on. It was just that… he’d wanted Sherlock to be happy with him. Had wished so bad for them to be happy, together.
”You asked me to give you space, and I did. I tried the very best I could to respect your wish.”
”I wasn’t. Oh, fuck, Sherlock- I remember getting back here, earlier that night, all breathless and laughing. Christ. I wanted like mad to just press you against the wall and-”
”So anyway. We had gotten to our final year of boarding school, and I was elected head boy-” he paused and looked at Sherlock. ”Shezza, wake up, that was the cue for your favourite dirty joke!”
For a moment, Sherlock focused all his attention on the sensation of John's hands. They were everywhere they could reach, it seemed.
Good.
Then, Sherlock slowly moved, released John’s cock, but kept his mouth so impossibly close to it still. It felt cold and frustrating, but John guessed it was for some kind of reason. He was right.
”John,” Sherlock says, his voice strained. He is staring into John’s eyes with a look that John has never seen on him before. ”Fuck me, fuck me, I need it, I need you-”
The wet sounds, the breathing in tandem.
He was aware, at some level, that he was rambling, but he couldn’t stop. His hands were touching everywhere they could reach on Sherlock’s body, he wanted it all, wanted it at once, couldn’t wait any longer.
”Alright. Naturally, I was so bloody curious about this gorgeous, grumpy boy, but he was never around.” He looked at Sherlock again. ”Right after lecture you’d take off like a bat out of hell!”
When he'd finished talking, he noticed the change in Sherlock. He was sitting absolutely still in his chair; breathing heavier, his eyes were oddly glazed over in a way that John had never seen before. Only then did John truly realize the effect his words had had on Sherlock. The understanding was both a bit unsettling and quite the power kick. It was also, he discovered, a massive turn on.
”Me name’s William, I’m not with the bizzies. Look, I know you must be starvin’, I’ve got some scran to send in. Pick up the phone will ya.”
“Let's go then.”
”How was the interview?” Sherlock asks as he begins to put the plastic containers on the table. ”Did they think you were overdressed for the occasion?”
Dr. Riyat met his grumpiness with a good natured smile.
They couldn’t talk about it, though, because every time John brought it up, Sherlock couldn’t resist making a point about how John should just quit, really he
”Anything,” Sherlock manages. ”Everything.”
It had been right in front of him, all those years. And now he wondered; if he just hadn't been so goddamn uptight about it all - could Sherlock have been his?
Sometimes anger would surface amongst the anxious despair he was carrying around wherever he went. Anger, because it just wasn’t fair! He’d tried so hard! Tried so so hard to repair the damage he’d caused John by not figuring Mary out sooner.
John leans over Sherlock again, but only so much that he can keep stroking him, twisting his hand, thumb sliding over the wet slit in the center.
“Of course. Call me anytime if there's anything. I’ll, eh, get a new phone first thing tomorrow.”
”Why can’t she just always stay with Mary, she’s practically there almost all the time anyway. You could just go there to see her. Lots of people have similar arrangements, you know, and their children seem to be doing just fine!”
”And then when I’ve finally managed to get up on my feet, you show up like it was all a big joke! I know I said I forgave you, and I did, but I think you should know. You let me go through hell every bloody day and every bloody night, thinking you were dead and that I should have seen a way to stop you from…”
”You really had a special bond with that dog,” Mr Holmes says. ”Tragedy, what happened.”
Sherlock was pushing his hips hard against John, feeling like perhaps he was going to come just from this. His cock was pressed hard against his own stomach, absolutely leaking at this point, still achingly untouched.
”You feel so fucking amazing,” he said, smiling a little. His scent was a lovely mix of sex and passion.
Sherlock did indeed look well. Still impossibly lean, of course, but far from that gaunt, skin-and-bone figure he’d been after John’s wedding. He also seemed to be, John searched for the right word - happier. Happier was the word that came up.
He saw, and he suddenly understood.
They grind against each other, cocks sliding in the slippery wetness. Then John suddenly stops, sits up to take off the trousers and pants that’s been wrapped around his thighs. When he’s back, he takes them both in his hand, holds their cocks together as they keep moving.
John is huffing air through his nose again; a quelled laughter.
”Mary”, John interrupted, trying to sound as pleasant as possible. ”I think it will be alright. Anna feels safe with Mrs. Lerner by now, and Mrs. Lerner knows all there possibly is to know about what to do with babies. Isn’t that right, Mrs. Lerner?”
, he then thought to himself –
John met his eyes again, smiled. “Would you like me to touch you again?”
”Ah!” Sherlock gasped, then exhaled. His eyes were half closed.
”What happened with Sherlock is my fault. If I hadn’t, last Saturday, you know-” Gabe stopped talking, seemed to get lost in thoughts for a while.
”I have been here almost all the time. If it was so important, you could have just come by.” Beneath his breath Sherlock mumbled, ”Since you seem to still remember the way.”
”Don’t lecture me,” Sherlock bites back. ”That’s my very good friend we're talking about, and he specifically asked for me to be here. I very much doubt he just wanted me to come witness his execution!”
He sent a thought to the colleagues working in the emergency rooms tonight, it would probably be a busy night for them.
John put a hand over his already flushed face. “God, Sherlock, you borrowed my pants?! Do you realize that's even more intrusive than-”
John sat up again. He gave Sherlock’s cock another teasing stroke, and smiled as Sherlock shivered under his touch. He quickly undid Sherlock’s belt, button and zipper, then gripped the waistband of the trousers on both sides of his hips.
”Christ,” he managed to get out, on an exhale, as Sherlock let his shirt glide down along his back and then fall to the floor. Sherlock moved his long fingers to the button of his trousers, and John forced himself to wake up from his trance. He reached out his hand and put it on top of Sherlock’s, stopped him.
“Oh, Sherlock, god, yes-” he panted, and then in a moment of clarity, forced himself to add, “Are you really sure about this?”
Not so cocky now are we, Sherlock?!”
Sherlock looks at him and smiles happily, and John smiles back, places lots and lots of small kisses over his hair, forehead, lips. Within minutes, Sherlock falls asleep, a long bony leg tangled possessively around John’s.
John smiled when he remembered Sherlock’s mocking words at his speech at the wedding. He’d been right of course, as always.
Sherlock, as always, was not hard to persuade.
”Relax.” John bends over to kiss him, probes with his tongue deep into Sherlock’s mouth and is rewarded with a whimper.
“Is that your-” John made a circling gesture with his hand, causing some of the scotch in the tumbler he was holding to spill out over his trousers. He looked down at the wet stain but made no motion to wipe it dry.
that John doesn’t know, or doesn’t know completely, and yes, one day that should probably be dealt with. But right now, no. He just can’t.
“Three months, but that-”
”It’s hard, I know,” Caroline says. Another pause. ”Any chance that the two of you might patch it up?”
”I will do my very best,” he smiled back, still breathless.
”Is that a question, or are you just going to keep repeating like a parrot?”
More beer, then someone put a tray of shots down on the table.
Although the day had gone well, Sherlock had still found it completely exhausting, this dealing with a young child-business. The ’nice lunch’, as John had put it, had proved to be something Sherlock definitely did not look forward to repeating within the next ten years or so.
”So, Baker Street it is, then?” said John.
”Cute as a button,” Caroline smiles. ”Five is such a lovely age. Old enough to have proper conversations, young enough to let you cuddle them.”
Daddy chuckles. ”Actually, I think it is. Make sure to get some sleep now, it’ll do you good.”
Then, with a big bite of food still in his mouth, Sherlock starts talking again.
It was another Saturday, a few weeks later. It was sunny and still hot, and Sherlock was back in the park.
”Course I do,” John says, immediately.
”Does Sherlock know?”
John was not breaking their eye contact, he seemed to be taking in Sherlock’s every word. Sherlock had by no means planned this emotional outpouring, but once he’d started, he found it difficult to stop. So much he’d wanted to say to John, for so long.
So why was it that whenever he thought about John, he still felt like he wanted to curl up and cry?
Sherlock didn't dare to move. He stayed as still as he could, waiting to see what John would do next. Given John's most careful avoidance of anything even slightly indicative of this, he really didn't know at all what to think. He hadn't had the guts to ask, either.
The thought is sharp and piercing, John tries to push it aside.
John didn’t know the couple they were meeting for dinner. The woman was someone Mary had met through her book club, they had become good friends and Mary was often talking to her on the phone.
”Honey, no. You should not feel bad about that. We all say things now and then that we don’t mean, when we’re upset. I’ve done it, too. Lots of times.”
John doesn’t reply, just keeps untangling the hair, quietly thankful that at least it was a fairly clean object and not a shoe or something. When most of the grime is cleaned off, he’s able to get a better view of the actual cut.
, Sherlock thinks, some of the old bitterness creeping up again. He pushes it away, no time for that now. Not now when everything is… right. More than right. He smiles. ”I can see how suburbia might get a bit… dull."
Sherlock looks down into the floor. Swallows, his throat feels tight. John apparently takes pity on him, because he’s coming closer, gives Sherlock’s upper arm a quick brush.
The power rush John got from feeling, for once, ahead of the game compared to Sherlock – it was as big of a turn on as the physical sensation of Sherlock's erection beneath his hand.
”What the
”There’s nothing to be sorry about,” John said softly. ”But I have to ask. Are you regretting this? Did I, eh, force you to do things you didn’t want to do? Because if I did, yeah, that probably makes me the worst-”
Whenever John allows himself to think about it, something akin to a vortex is picking up speed in his stomach. All those years. All the unrest, the frustration, the longing for something he could not quite put his finger on. Now he knows. This was the missing piece. And now that he has finally found it, there’s just no way he can let it go.
”Sorry, what was that? I don’t think I’ve ever heard those words from your mouth.”
“Of course you haven't,” John smiled gently. “But why... haven't you ever felt like you wanted to..?”
Takes John a good five seconds to form a reply. ”You… know what I’m going to say?”
”Happy new year, Mary,” he says, then turns to Rosie as Mary’s walking out towards the kitchen.
Did he overwhelm Sherlock? Or did Sherlock, in fact, feel that John had taken advantage of his drunken state - maybe he’d been much worse off than it had seemed?
”I don’t care about Emily and I don't care about the stupid party!”
Sherlock puts a hand behind John’s neck and drags him down into a kiss, messier this time, tongue meeting tongue, teeth scraping and gently biting.
John flopped down next to Sherlock, put his right arm around him and pulled him very close. Sherlock returned the embrace. He felt completely content, at peace.
“John-” he whispered again, insistently.
The first thing that John noticed was the ICD codes for the two diagnoses. As Mycroft already had told him, they were for poisoning by cocaine as well as heroin.
Sherlock was keeping his eyes mostly fixed on the phone in his lap, but once in a while he would glance up at Gabriel. John could see that he was a little bit flustered.
”No, that’s the thing! It was that Love Hits station that Molly likes! Told you he’s gone quite mad!”
”I need to ask you something. We’ve talked about this before, but I want to ask you again. I didn’t really think about it last night, but I did today. You know the way John was acting towards me, right from the start, way before the coke. He was so bloody hostile, I’m surprised he didn’t punch me sooner… If I didn’t know better, I’d say he was jealous.”
”Well, plenty of people think he’s very talented.”
”Did not!” Sherlock almost yelled, but John saw a newly lit sparkle in his eyes.
“Haven't you figured it out by now, John! Sherlock is simply not cut out to handle this kind of drama. We are talking about an individual who emotionally is level with your average twelve-year old! Fortunately, he has the intellectual capacities to recognize this about himself – why do you reckon it took five years before you saw him in any type of relationship? He knows his vulnerabilities.”
“All I could think was that I had made the worst mistake of my life, not coming with you or finding a way to make you stay. Christ, Sherlock, if anything had happened to you, if you had not come back from there-“
”First -
He loved this park so much.
Sherlock was jolted out of his thoughts when Gabriel stirred, turned around, then opened his eyes, squinting to the light.
They walked in a tense silence across the street and into the Starbuck's, which was thankfully uncrowded.
Then, Sherlock moves.
”I want you to listen up now, alright? I came here tonight because I wanted to say something important to you, and the last time I tried, you wouldn’t let me.”
”Let’s worry about that later, love,” John said. ”Come here and have some coffee instead. I made it extra strong.”
“Chicken,” John said. “So how about this, then: what do you think about when you jack off?”
”Yes,” Sherlock replies in a low, hoarse voice, and he has begun to move his hips, meeting each thrust, making it deeper.
He reached around and put a hand on Sherlock's back, let it slowly find it's way down to his naked buttocks. As before, every new thing he did caused Sherlock to make a little sound or to shiver, and John loved being able to read his reactions so clearly.
“I had to contact his brother. I know Sherlock will be so angry with me but it was the only thing I could think of! I would have phoned that nice young man of his, but I don't have his number.”
”We need three bottles of Taittinger to this table,
”Yes?”
John hadn't felt jealous at all, really, since they'd gotten together, but now it was suddenly threatening to consume him. He tried very hard to not let it show.
She looked at him with pity in her eyes.
They pulled up outside an impressive brick building. A uniformed porter in a heavy coat stood shuddering just outside the entrance, he watched the police car with curious eyes.
Close to midnight, John walked into the bathroom and got himself ready for the night. He thought of the many times he had been in there with Sherlock, attending to the injury of the day. Sherlock, always the reckless one.
”This is-” he began. ”John - I don’t know what to say. This is the nicest thing I’ve ever-” He put the key down on the sofa table, wrapped his arms around John.
When John is in there, Sherlock tries to come up with a game plan. He knows he really needs to keep the momentum going now. John cannot be allowed to start
Sherlock closed his eyes, focused on breathing and relaxing.
”Yes - and I was telling you.” She laughs again. ”Think it would work. But alright, if you’re going to be all British about it, fine. I think your idea is excellent.”
”Say hi to your little nugget from us,” Mummy says, which Sherlock finds excessively stupid since Rosie obviously has no idea who any of them are.
Feeling love and feeling loved; it had transformed him. He’d never known the power of it, if it hadn’t been for John. And wasn’t that the ultimate irony? The thing that had led up to this situation, was also what made it unbearable now.
John desperately wonders why the room suddenly became so tense.
He’s not really up for talking, and somehow, the harsh daylight makes it even harder. Still glad that he and Harry have been able to get to this point. To actually care enough about each other to bother. After a near lifetime of not getting on, Rosie really came in as a turning point in their relationship. Somehow, she made it possible for them to find a way back into each others’ lives again.
“No. No, you don't 'know me in the biblical sense'. That would require more than observation and deduction, no matter how brilliant, I'm afraid.”
”Emily will be there, yeah? You always have so much fun together. Maybe the two of you can watch a film or something, while the grown-ups have dinner."
He gathers all the courage he can find and looks up to meet John’s eyes. It feels oddly liberating. He feels - good. Really good. He has been saved from his suicide mission, and here he is, for once being absolutely honest and vulnerable, and so far, he is surviving that, too. He looks straight back into John’s eyes when he replies.
John bent his knees slightly and let his legs fall apart, and Sherlock made an appreciative noise. His hand was back on John’s cock again, and he moved his left hand to cup his balls, weighed them in his hand as he kept stroking, now with a twisting motion at the top which made John groan.
”I bet you’ve seen it too, mate! This one is bad with the ladies, always was. We used to call him Three Continents Watson, for all his conquests around the globe!”
It must have been hard for him, John thinks as he returns to sorting through the glass jars, checking the best-before date, then putting them back in a more orderly fashion. All the spoken and unspoken expectations, from everyone ranging from Sherlock’s own mother to… well, to John. Won’t happen again.
There was vicious fire in Sherlock’s eyes now, and he was smiling, a mean looking smile.
"You couldn't trust me to know that you were alive, you certainly can't trust me to keep up a convincing front that you're gone while you're living in the flat."  John tried to keep the petulant anger out of his voice, but it still stung.  It didn't hurt when he wansn't thinking about it, didn't assail him out of nowhere as the grief had when Sherlock was truly gone, nor was it as strong as the anger when he'd first returned, but it was still there, if John thought about it.
Suddenly all that noise, mild as it was, seemed to increase, zooming towards him, as if making up for the time that he hadn’t been paying attention.  He looked at Sherlock, his hand curling protectively around the egg even though he knew that none of the people in the room meant it harm.  His fingers met Sherlock’s on the other side of the egg, and Sherlock nodded.
The smile Sherlock gave him at that wasn’t quite a smirk, but it was quirked to one side, like so many of his smiles.  This one said
"Sorry, what?"  John felt wrong-footed, the first time that evening.  Anthea slipped away as Mycroft was settling back in his chair, only confusing John further.
"I hardly have to warn you that if you prove not up to the task of keeping your word there will be consequences."
"Without getting into any trouble," John said, knowing that it was far too early to even be having this argument.  "Does Mycroft go there?"
“You should eat something while you have the chance,” Zilpha said.  “Once the baby is here, you won’t be able to think of anything else for a while.”
“‘The two of you should get out of the house for a while, together,” Mrs. Hudson said.  “There will be precious little time for that soon, I should imagine.”  She had tucked the egg under her jumper, reclining on the sofa with her feet up on the hassock.  “I’ll watch the little one.”
"Of course."
“Her clothes, her hair, even her fingernails are calculated to give the impression of a moderately well-off retiree, or perhaps a woman who has never worked outside her husband’s home.  She sits on the board of a half dozen London institutions and is the driving force behind at least two NGOs that I know of.  She accomplishes this partially by allowing people to underestimate her.”
"I plan on being significantly more methodical."
"How is my brother faring?"
"Wrong.  It's a pillow.  What about a bjorn?"
"We've discussed this already and it's fine."  Sherlock was looking at his feet rather than at John.  "Were the circumstances reversed, I am sure that I would have done the same thing.  I think perhaps we underestimated the level of shock you were in."
"As I've said before, as far as I am concerned, his name is Inspector.  It doesn't mean that my care is any less real."
“You don’t need to travel light any longer,” he said.  John’s heart filled at the sentiment.  He was saved from the threat of too much sentiment by Sherlock’s next utterance.  “I do, of course, have the power to veto anything you might bring that is too hideous.”
John shrugged and rocked back on his heels.  Being without the egg for the first time in so many hours was liberating, and he had another stab of compassion for Sherlock’s long hours with it.  “Well, I’m carrying high, so maybe a girl?”
“Your family has surprised me on that front,” John said, thinking of the tenderness with which Mycroft had held the egg. He immediately flinched from his own words, hearing the implicit insult.
It took a moment for John’s eyes to adjust to the subtle movement but it was undeniably there, the entire shadow expanding and contracting around a point about one third of the way from crown to rump, just a barely visible flutter of vitality.  On the hard surface of the box the egg itself moved ever so slightly-- as he stared John had the briefest moment of vertigo, his focus narrowed down to a tiny point and a subtle sign, as if he were trying to look for evidence of the rotation of the earth.
“Well.”  Sherlock sounded pleased as he stepped out of the car.  “John, how would you like to see the Tower in a way that few have ever seen it?”
“That’s not what I meant.”  Sherlock curled up behind John, his chest to John’s back.  He already felt cool against John’s skin.
John tapped on the screen and it stayed dark for a moment, a sort of indistinct cacophony coming from the tiny speaker.  It sounded like a crowd, a boisterous one, though muffled somehow.
John shook his head, not the faintest idea of where to go.  Still, it was London, the only city in the world he could imagine living in, and it had been a long time since he'd had a ramble.
"Alright."
“You managed it,” John said, glancing at him.  “Should we turn her a bit?  I wonder which way she’s facing.”
“Not really that surprising.”
John smiled. “Then I'm sure I will.”
“This is not the first time she’s been back to the flat,” Sherlock said.
"How much of the egg has to be covered?" John asked.
Sherlock nodded, much to John’s surprise.
Mycroft smiled, the strange one-sided smirk that meant he was actually about to tell the truth.
John closed his eyes as he leaned back against Sherlock’s chest.
Sherlock's mouth tightened into a straight line.  "I dislike admitting that anything has the power to make me do anything whatsoever."
“Funny to think that these have actually played a role in our lives,” John mused.
“We’ve decided to try cloth but we’ve laid in some disposable ones as well.  Don't turn me in to Greenpeace."
"That's the thing.  She caught on the first try."
“We could.  Zanthe means golden.”
“You remember him, right?  Yeah.  A bit.”
"In Norway?"
“Let’s hope it doesn’t.  We need to catch up.”
He held out his hand.  "Let's go then."
The way Sherlock wrapped his mouth around the words, the shape of his lips when he said
"Large enough to hold a small infant, once the yolk is entirely consumed.  Klekket barn are usually smaller than full term placental infants, around four and a half pounds, but they grow quickly once hatched and, if all goes well, their lungs are fully formed, so their small size isn't a disadvantage."
"Thank you."  Sherlock kissed John's temple, then leaned against him, content to be still for the moment.
“That, and you are a terrible liar,” Sherlock said, a smile softening his words.
“Because I get bored!”  Sherlock yelled, his strength restored enough for volume.
John nodded, his attention entirely on the egg.  He barely looked up when Sherlock let Annborg in, but shifted the egg so she had easier access.  He’d expected some kind of instrument, but she merely ran her hands over the shell, then rested her fingertips on either side of what he’d come to think of as the equator.
he pointed out.  It was useless, though, he was pulling on his coat before Sherlock could even text back.
John breathed deeply, looking at the surface of his tea. “That is accurate.”
"Here we are," she said, leaning forward, the posture of the confidant he'd been waiting for all along.  "Who else knows?"
John suppressed the laugh that rose up at the very idea.  "Not really.  It's a long story, one for another time."
"Really."  Sherlock set his feet on the floor.  "Well.  Come upstairs."
“Is there anything else you can tell?”  He thought of reports of ultrasounds that he’d read.  He wasn’t proficient at performing them, but he knew that they reported on the four chambers of the heart, the nuchal fold of the neck, the development of hands and feet.  Looking at the silhouette, he felt oddly wrong-footed, as if he were looking at the world through a filmy glass.
“That would be good,” he said, and meant it.  Sarah had been hurt when their relationship had fizzled out so quickly, before it began, really, but she’d been a good friend during his lonely year, as he thought of it, and after, too, even as he’d tried to keep her at arm’s length.  He looked down as his phone chirped again, and he held it out to her.  “Another French message.”
“Lucky guess.  I almost put them in the drawer to the right.”
Sherlock smiled, slowly, but it looked sharp.  John had never had that sort of smile directed at him.  “You made an assumption, and then consciously kept yourself from testing it.”
"What are we going to do about Greg?" he asked.
"Be that as it may, how are we going to keep him from worrying about you?  You can't let him think that you've disappeared again."
, that for a moment his head spun.
"So you could go take care of Mycroft," John tried, knowing that really, it was useless.
John hurried down the stairs, trying to put a pleasant expression on his face as he opened the door.
“You don't have them, I suppose,” John said.
Sherlock nodded.  “In regards to decoration only.”
“No.”
but he had to test Mycroft.
That was different, John reflected.   Prior to their being together, Sherlock would have normally responded that he looked no more amazing than any other male who had just had an orgasm, or something to that effect.  Although, John thought, there would have been no reason for John to make such a comment then, nor for him to have seen Sherlock in this state.  Maybe he did have a normal level of sentiment, after all.
John hitched himself forward, used his free hand to guide himself as he pushed in.  After the first inch, the first touch of wet hot tight now now now, he was all but sucked in, his hips canting forward without a thought until he could feel his balls brushing against Sherlock's skin.  Even then, he kept pushing, as if there was some way he could get in deeper.  He tried to speak, but heard his own voice, muffled by Sherlock's back, coming out as nothing but a whimper.
John wasn’t paying close attention to their route, but he was reminded of the day that Mycroft had spoken to him in a car very similar to this one.  When the car finally turned in at a familiar marker, John realized that they had passed this way on that journey.
“Our car?  Where are we going, anyway?”  John had assumed that they were going to walk around the park, perhaps get coffee, and walk home again.
“Would either of you like to cut her cord?”  Annborg was tearing open a sterile packet of scissors.
“Great, thanks,” John said. When he'd thought the words there had been a sarcastic tinge to them, but he found that he meant it. If Sherlock was socially awkward at times, it was nothing to Sigeursonn's devotion to truth telling.
“Why not?”
Sherlock stood, holding the egg.  To John’s surprise he actually looked uncertain.
“Who is your last case?” she asked, then shook her head as John held the chart out to her.  “That won’t be quick.”  She took the edge of the file in her hand.  “I know him from his last visit a few weeks ago.  He’s a talker.  Let me see him for you, and you can go now.”
John was standing between Mary and Mark, and Sherlock and
Of eventually transforming into a person so strong that no one would ever be able to get to you again.
Sherlock slowly stretches, unfolds his long legs, begins to stand up. He brushes something -crumbles from the burger bread?- from his coat, straightens his back.
”I was hoping you could warm me up,” Sherlock smiled, and John grabbed his arms to pull him closer.
”I was thinking, maybe in the autumn, we should expand the deck. Wouldn’t it be nice if it went all the way out to here?”
He raised his head again, stared at the sight, wondered for the hundredth time if this really could be happening. Then, another thought came up.
. It felt like home.
”Erm,” he said, ”alcohol has never been, er, problematic for me-”
”Good,” said John. ”Then let’s start with this. See I’ve been trying to figure it out for a while now, what you want, but I can’t. So I’ll ask you something now, okay? And all you have to do is answer truthfully.”
The door to the flat bangs open and Sherlock sits up in his bed, listening, tense. He relaxes when he hears John’s voice as he swears, before closing the door gently. (Purposefully gentle. As though he just realized that Sherlock was, for the first time in days, in his room, presumably asleep, and John doesn’t want to wake him.) Interesting, Sherlock muses. He glances at the time. The date mustn’t have gone well. John is never home before midnight if the date he is on is a success. John hasn’t even gone back to her place and no one has come home with him. He listens as John moves about the flat. His footsteps are slightly uneven, indicating John’s mild intoxication. But he isn’t too drunk, Sherlock deduces. When John is very drunk, he stumbles, and Sherlock can hear that John isn’t, in fact, drunkenly stumbling about the flat. Good. Sherlock is never sure what to do with a drunk John Watson.
“I did. As a happy coincidence, naming her Egzanthe would be a bit like naming her after you.”
Sherlock unclasped his hands and rubbed John's back in a way that he must once have been taught was soothing.  It nearly worked, only a touch too mechanical and self conscious. "To answer your questions in order, John.  Church of England, you'll take him or her most Sundays, I suspect a number of questions but none that are immediately pressing in terms of a neonate, I suspect we have over a year for most, perhaps more, and you hadn't thought of it until now because your brain was busy processing the fact that in a few weeks your male lover, of a mere three months duration by that time (and you didn't even confront that side of yourself previously) is going to hatch a baby out of an egg (and you didn't realize that there were ovipositors amongst you all this time).  I'd say that about covers it."
Sherlock sipped his tea. “Of course I was. Go on, John, it does a person good to speak of their nightmares, or so I've heard.”
John sighed.  "Yes, even with me, from time to time."  He shifted uncomfortably, the edge of the sofa arm hard behind his head.  To his surprise Sherlock tucked a cushion behind his neck, even adjusting it until he settled easily.
"That does seem to be the way," John said, looking through them.  There was, even so, a tiny pair of jeans and an oatmeal jumper.  He held it up to Sherlock, eyebrows raised.
"Not to the extent that you might think," Sherlock said, the corner of his mouth quirking.  He turned his head, his gaze suddenly piercing.
"That seems very quick," she said as she dabbed her lips with her napkin.  "Though, as for Sherlock, I'm not sure anything surprises me."
"Wait.  There's some cash in my wallet.  Take it, and get a cab.  You've delayed too long to make walking an attractive option, especially as it's a mid-month Monday."
"That's what we're going to talk about right now?"  Sherlock looked the very definition of petulant.
“I can see how that could be shocking.”  Sherlock pressed his thigh against John’s as John watched Egzanthe take her first meal.  Sherlock held the bottle expertly, balancing it in his hand as the infant sucked vigorously but not pressing it into her face.
John handed it over with a little trepidation-- they’d only ever set the egg down for a few moments, and always in a soft nest of blankets or other soft material.  On the stark white surface of the light array it looked incredibly vulnerable, wobbling for a moment as Sherlock took his hands away.
"It's fine. Keep watching."  Sherlock was staring at the ceiling, his hands folded beneath his chin.
“You’re Sherlock’s cousin?” John asked as they walked up the stairs.
“I’ll take that into consideration.  As will his cousins I expect.”
"If you're saying that your feelings for me are analogous to my having ordinary features, you might want to start treading lightly."
"What?"
“The hair on my neck stood up, I was hot, I could barely think.  I suppose it was a hunch.”  He sat cross legged with his back against the sofa, and gathered the egg and a blanket into the space made by his legs.
“Experiments, John. It's for a case.” He waved his hand ineffectually against the smoke.
Sherlock shrugged. “I suppose that in my case you might be literal about it. There was not an over abundance, a term I used with some facetiousness when speaking of your childhood, but nor was there a lack of it. The fact that I was able to insist on solitude when I was young spoke, in my case, to the fact that I knew my parents would be there when I wanted them. Whereas your solitude was, I suspect, a product of being preferable to the alternative.”
Sherlock gently pushed him away, then slid to the edge of the bed and stood up.  "I think this will work better, this time, if we undress ourselves."  He looked mildly amused, but let his gown fall to the floor.  He nodded pointedly at John, who had become entranced with the sight of Sherlock disrobing.
“I've heard that parents dream of a vanished pregnancy or an empty crib. It's the anxiety, the fear of thinking you won't be able to care for an infant, or the difficulty in imagining the gestating foetus to be a baby.” His heart sank when he remembered the last person he'd heard tell of that sort of dream, a woman who had miscarried searching frantically for her child. The egg's lack of reassuring movement once again weighed on his mind.
"No, not at all.  It's just that you smell so good."  John lifted his head, shrugging off Sherlock's touch so he could look down at his face.
“Less than five pounds, I’m sure,” Sherlock said. “She’ll catch up.  Just look at Mycroft and I. Both of us grew up to be taller than average.”
“You get lonely!” John nearly laughed, surprised at himself that he hadn’t seen it before.  “You say you get bored but really you’re lonely.”
“Ooh, let me see.”  She took the phone from him before he could stop her.  The protest died on his lips anyway.  He was going to have to tell her sometime.    She gave him an odd look.  “You two finally sort yourselves out, then?”
“He’s fine,” Mycroft said, taking John’s upper arm in his hand and steering him towards the bed. “He’s just had a rather shocking revelation.”
Before he knew it he was in the kitchen, leaning against the door frame as a protection against a sudden wave of dizziness. Sherlock was standing at the kitchen table, a toxic array of beakers and flasks bubbling away over the bunsen burners. The entire kitchen was filling with a fug of greenish smoke that made his eyes sting.
"I'm finally having lunch with Sarah tomorrow."  John held his jumper up and away from his body as Sherlock settled the egg against his skin, then snugged the fabric down over it, though he kept his hands held just under it as well. The thought of what would happen if either of them dropped it to the floor was enough to send a shiver through his body, one that was cut short by the very fact that his brain rejected the idea before he could even contemplate it.
"You said you made that video in case this situation arose.  Did you not know you were about to," he paused, then rested his hand on Sherlock's abdomen, hoping that Sherlock wouldn't call him on his reluctance to try to find the right words, or say them out loud.
Work was, surprisingly, bearable.  The hours passed quickly, with no more than the usual number of texts from Sherlock.  Towards the end of the day there was the usual late afternoon rush of minor sport injuries and sickly school children, and John stopped answering his texts altogether, depositing the phone in his coat pocket.  When he lifted it out as he was getting ready to go, he found himself entirely unsurprised to see that there were twenty unread messages.
"You said that the egg is formed with a yolk that the fetus feeds off of for nine months.  If you're forming that yolk it would take an enormous amount of calories."
Sherlock nodded.  "Our differences are serious, but for all his faults he is neither careless nor cruel to children.  I don't plan on denying him access to his niece or nephew, and if he wants to incubate the egg for a while, I will let him.  In Stryn it was very common for brothers and sisters and even friends to incubate an egg while the mother and father were busy."
“Yes.”  Sherlock took John’s hand, laying his fingers against the edge of the shell.  “Please.”
"I spoke to Mycroft."
“You love London,” John said, pleased that he’d figured it out.
"It wouldn't be obvious, at first, but it would already be happening.  Mummy said she knew right away."  He placed his hand on the egg near John's hand, so that hardly any of the egg was visible.
"True.  Alright.  How did you decide to do this?"  She looked apprehensive, and John realized that she didn't know, yet, that there was a baby on the way.
"No, we're both only covering morning clinic.  I'll be coming home after lunch."
"Nor me."  Sherlock was kissing his neck where it joined his shoulder, and egg or no John could imagine taking that further, except for the fact that it had to be nearly supper time.  He'd no sooner thought it than Mrs. Holmes was coming up the stairs, knocking softly at the door.
The last two drawers were filled with bags of nappies, packages of dummies, and bottles.  John sat down on the floor, a package of bottles in his hands.
“Oh, hello, ah,” John paused.
"That wasn't altruism,"  Sherlock said.  "I wanted you to live for purely selfish reasons.  Had you died, your family and friends would have been sad, but I wasn't thinking of them. I was thinking of myself.  I couldn't lose my best friend, not, essentially, by my own hand."
"Were you this olfactorily obsessed with all of your lovers?" Sherlock asked, and that sent a shock of want straight through John, the idea that they were about to be
was more accurate than he could let on.
John pulled back and groaned, tasting blood on his mouth, loosened his arms and let Sherlock lean until he was nearly on his side.  John kept himself sunk inside the tight heat of Sherlock's body as he managed to kneel astride Sherlock's lower thigh, pushing the other one up and over his shoulder.
, hit John in the gut, all the desire and affection he'd been keeping hidden for so long surging to the surface.  He moved to the edge of the chair, resisting the urge to slide all the way to the floor, to kneel next to the sofa with his head on Sherlock's stomach again.
Sherlock's fingers tightened against the back of his head.  "You think I didn't love you before the change started."
“Oh, right.  That makes sense, actually, I’ve been ignoring his texts all day.  Figured if there was an emergency he could ring the surgery.”
“Tea?”
"That would be my thumb, Sherlock, that would be my whole hand."
"No," John said, closing his own eyes.  "Don't say it.  It's hormones, they're going to tear you apart anyway.  Don't make it worse for yourself."  He leaned one arm on the edge of the sofa, let himself lean forward until he could feel Sherlock's body heat against his face, could smell the clean soapy scent of his skin.
She shook her head.  “I’m fine, thanks.  The box is ready.  Sherlock, would you like to put the egg inside?”
“Of course.”  John stayed in the kitchen, watching Sherlock as he put the kettle on. Sherlock came back to himself, looking at the clothes Anborg offered him, taking them with a simple thanks even though John knew they’d ordered plenty of babygros.  Well.  Maybe plenty was relative, he thought.  John finally caught his eye when he was setting out the mugs, turning just in time to catch Sherlock looking at him.  A quirk of his mouth was as close as Sherlock got to a reassuring smile, but John felt soothed by it nonetheless.
"No, when you were hired it was under a scheme that prorated your hours for things like paternity and sick leave.  You won't get much, I admit, but you've been working more of late, and besides, it's still something."
John sat down, looking dumbly up at Sherlock, who had entered the room. “Why are you talking about girls? I thought we didn't know?” He felt something hot rising up in the back of his mind, the thought that Sherlock might have asked Anborg to look, somehow.
"I'm very sure, m'am," he said, and John had to hide his smile at the obvious note of fear in the younger man's voice.  Mycroft would have made sure it was there, and a wave of relief at that very thought washed over him.  How could he worry about the lack of a birth certificate when Mycroft had been involved, however uncouth it might have seemed at the time, from before the moment of conception?
“Compared to a check-up for a pregnant woman.  I figured that there was nothing else that she could do.  She said herself that there was no reliable way to image the inside of the egg.”  John took a deep breath as he tried to synthesize what it was about the past few weeks that had kept him silent, and often away.  “I didn’t ask, because I was afraid you’d tell me what I already thought I knew, that there was nothing to do but wait.”
"We broke the bed," he said quietly, realizing that there was now a distinct left-leaning dip in the middle of the bed.
On the morning of the egg’s two week birthday John woke up warm and happy next to Sherlock, the only point of contact between them John's toes against his heel.  His peace was short lived, however, as a thought struck him, blinding in it's obviousness.
“Just one more to see, then I’ll be done,” John said.  “Probably for the best.  I can’t stop thinking I should go home and wait for something to happen.”
“My parents and my brother, please,” Sherlock said, glancing at Annborg.  “Can you?”
“How can it be safe to put an infant on a warming pad?” John asked.
"What did you say?"
“Please, consider not going out on cases until after the egg is hatched.”
“Did you remember to eat?” John asked, his hand brushing over the apex of the egg, and against Sherlock’s fingers as well.
"Play it."
"The clothes that are tiny versions of adult clothes, the jeans and jumpers, are appealing, but Mummy assures me that for the first month or so we will appreciate these one piece jumpsuits."
"It's blunt and to the point," Sherlock said, archly, "and within the next forty-eight hours you and I will be well on our way to becoming parents together.  I think I'm allowed to skip acting coy."
“Yes.” Sherlock turned the egg over, caressing it as he did. “I'm quite aware of that. Looking forward to it, even, but in a grown man like my father a lack of noisome demands is refreshing.”
“It’s always a tense but exciting evening, when an egg hatches,” Sigurson said as he met John’s eye.
“Be that as it may.”  Sherlock’s arm curled over John’s side, pulling him closer.  “Your desire not to contemplate it makes it no less true.”
“Thank you,” John said. “I will wait and see, but it's interesting to have a guess, now.”
“What do you surmise?” John looked over Sherlock's shoulder the the small window over the sink, grateful that the sun was coming up.
“What’s that?”
“Not as such,” John murmured.
“The baby,” Sherlock said, softly.
Sherlock glared at him.  "I will
John looked down at her cord.  It looked normal, if drier than others he had seen, the remnants of the yolk a shriveled orange ball at the end of it.  Annborg reached between them and set a plastic clamp around it close to the baby’s skin, then clicked it shut.
"Yes."
"Sometimes," John admitted.  "But I don't believe for a second that you're not emitting some sort of pheromone."
"What do you need, right now?"  Sherlock asked.  Pragmatic, as always, but with a hint of worry that John knew stood for something else, a lot else.
Sherlock shook his head.  "Liberal.  I should be able to attend, myself, without getting into too much trouble."
John sighed. “Alright. I'll sleep for a bit more, then I'll get up and I can get some food in. What does he like?”
“In a way, yes,” John pointed out.  “You can leave a child to sleep on its own for whole minutes at a time.  A child can be left in a cot while you go to the loo and you don’t have to think for even one second that it might be so cold that it will spontaneously die.”
“Glorious!” Sherlock exclaimed.
"So, this is it, then, right?  I mean, we're not about to start lactating, are we?"  He rested his head against the dresser, looking up at Sherlock.
"I'm sorry, please excuse me."
“You did it to save my life, I know that,” John said.
“That won’t be necessary given the short time that I’ll be gone,” he groused, but she’d already sourced a cozy from their kitchen (leaving John bewildered as to where it had come from)  and  reached out to John for the egg by the time Sherlock was in the washroom.
“She is not sleeping in the bed with us,” John said, concerned that this hadn’t come up previously.
John texted.
“Egzanthe,” Sherlock said softly, as if he was laying the name on her like a blanket. “It’s unique but not foolish. A serious name.”  He turned his head to glance at John.  “Could we call her Zanthe for short, while she’s small?”
Sherlock adjusted his hands so he was holding her fully.  “John, can you do it?”
John watched the chest rise and fall, marked the pink color to the hands and feet, then gently pulled on her ankles, still nearly at her shoulders.
"I think I need to lie down, and I want your arms around me."  As the words left his mouth he laughed a little, but without mirth.  "That has got to be the first time I've ever said that."
“Fair enough.”  John stretched his arms over his head, still tired from his own long night.  He wondered if Sherlock was beginning to feel fatigued, but the low level of worry seemed to be keeping them both alert.
"What's hurting you?" John asked, taking him by the arm.  To his surprise Sherlock actually did lean on him, walking, shuffling, really, towards the door.
Sherlock's broad smile, his unabashed relief, and his obvious acceptance of the fact that of course John felt the same way finally undid him, and he let himself sink to the floor, leaning in as  Sherlock held his arm out in a broad arc, drawing John in close.  John rested his head against the thin fabric of Sherlock's vest, the warm soapy scent of his skin surrounding him.
“Why is the egg on the floor?” John asked.
with her elbow as she set the things on the kitchen table.
"I'm sorry, Sherlock, I'm so sorry, it's just that anything you say right now, you're under the influence," John knew he was babbling, stopped only when Sherlock let go of him.
“How?”
“See if you can drink some of this.”  He held the cup up to her lips, and she bent her head forward obediently, sipping at it.
“Quite the opposite.”  John spoke through gritted teeth, really irritated now that Sherlock would impugn his fitness as a doctor.  “Which is precisely why the lack of available tests for this situation bothered me so much.”
Sherlock smiled at him, not unkindly.  "Get on the bed."
"Oh him.  Sentimental."  Sherlock bent at the neck again to drink, and John resisted the urge to support the back of his head.
She looked at the waiter curiously as she gently prodded the crust on her bread.  "Are you sure this is the gluten free one?"
Sherlock waved his hand imperiously, as if he could push away John’s discomfort.  “I know you don’t function like that at work, John.  We may lack the modern tests that you’ve grown used to relying on, but that doesn’t mean we’ve gone unobserved.”
"Not at all.  More, please."  Sherlock's eyes were closed, hands folded underneath his head as if he were merely napping.
He tried to focus on the show as he waited for an answer.
“Are you working tomorrow?”
John looked up at her.  "Excuse me a moment."
"Approximately half its surface.  Wearing it in a cloth pouch against my abdomen will allow me to move about the house, though obviously I won't go outside like that.  I'll only leave the house for an eight."
They listened as a hoover was run over the floor in Sherlock’s room.
"We have some things laid in.  A cot, mobile, furniture.  We've got clothes and bottles and such.  Sherlock was asking me about something called a boppy last night."
"I can't," John began, not even sure of what it was that he was refusing to do.  He had just confronted his own heart, his own certainty that he never wanted to be without Sherlock again.  He'd long ago filed his crush on the man, his attraction, under N for Never Going To Happen, and now Mycroft was telling him that soon (days? hours?) Sherlock would be begging him to
Sherlock shook his head. “I didn't ask. It doesn't matter, I had no intentions of leaving the flat today and as we have no car it's not as though we could give him a lift. I'm sure Mycroft knows his whereabouts, and unless things are really hotting up in the South Pacific he'll be able to spare Anthea and the car.”
Mycroft’s assistant (she was calling herself Persephone) had casually kicked the pants and other garments to one side of the room with her pointy shoe and directed the movers to take away the broken bed.  The linens went with it-- sensible enough, John thought, since Sherlock’s bed had been a single and his was a double.  The one that was brought up in pieces and assembled by a team of proficient and entirely silent men was a queen sized one and John only had to ponder that for a few moments before deciding that Mycroft had chosen it based on not only the size but the name.  The wood was a dark cherry with a low, modern profile.  Rounded edges, John was grateful to note, having a habit of running into things with his hip in the night.  He had stood in the corner of the room, at first, supervising, but really, in the way, and unable, as usual, to take his eyes off Anthea’s shapely legs.  For all that her eyes never strayed from her phone, he knew that she knew.  Finally, he extracted himself with a mumbled excuse that no one acknowledged.
“Sherlock will be joining us for dinner.”
“Give me your vest,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock nodded and John shifted her so she was cradled in his arms, her head still tilted up in the crook of his elbow.  “Asleep already?” John asked her.
"She will most likely be excited about the baby, and want to go shopping with you."
John pushed forward, felt the thin layer peeling away from the shell as he moved his hand, the smooth shell against his knuckles, soft dry skin under the pads of his fingers.  His breath caught in his throat as he felt the delicate bumps of the curved spine, and then the egg broke apart and fell away, leaving him cupping the child against his forearm and hand, Sherlock’s hands a cradle beneath her as they leaned in towards her.
"John."  Sherlock grabbed his hand, pushed it down and in, harder than John would have dared, and he felt it, the distinct curve, firm, out of place and yet perfectly, for now, part of Sherlock.  Sherlock guided his hand around his abdomen, describing the shape of the egg.  It felt huge, no matter what Sherlock said about endogenous muscle relaxants.  They ended with their hands against Sherlock's sternum, Sherlock's hand still over John's.
“A higher heart rate would burn too many calories and not contribute to development,” Sherlock pointed out, to John’s unasked question.
“It was.” He sipped at his tea, hoping that the hot liquid and familiar taste would bring him round, but fearing that nothing short of daylight was going to do that.
“Are you sure?”
"I can't put it into words right now."  His hand shook again as he stood.
“Yes, if you were given another occupation.  This is my occupation, this is my outlet, this is my contribution.  Without the work, I am nothing.  I exist but effect no change on the world around me, so, in effect, I am nothing.”
John and Sherlock talk about plans for the baby.
John nodded as he looked over his own menu, the gluten free flier conspicuously absent.  "I think that probably has something to do with Sherlock's brother, actually.  I wouldn't expect that level of choice when you come here again."
“You look amazing,” John said, the hoarseness of his voice a surprise despite what they’d just done.
"My point is that despite the ubiquity of your nose
The egg was heartier than John had originally supposed.  While keeping it against warm, human skin was best, it could rest, covered by an insulating cover, in a warm room for a few minutes, much as a bird might cover her eggs with loose feathers and straw.  While any insulating cloth would do, Sherlock insisted on John’s oatmeal jumper.  John tried to keep all the necessities to hand when he had to leave the flat on the egg’s fourth full day of life.  Prior to that the egg had been constantly nestled against either John or Sherlock, or, often, both of them.
"The thing is, there's more."
“She’s twenty-five.  She took some time off after she had her own child.”
“Only insofar as every living person has a sense of themselves,” Sherlock said.
“I earned money, is your rage allayed now?
John thought for a moment.  “Why indeed.”
“We were right, she’s a girl,” John said.
“Why didn’t you inquire as to the absence of any medical supervision, then?”  Sherlock asked.
"You're going to prove that you love me, with your phone."  John stared down at it.  How appropriate.  How inevitable.
John stood and stretched, ready to go back to bed.  “You know, I might begin to have some noisome demands of my own.”
John closed his eyes tighter, as if that would help.  "It's not about what I want, Sherlock.  In a few weeks, or a few months, or a few years, when this wears off, what then.  I won't let you hate me for tricking you when you were vulnerable."
Sherlock held out for only a second.  “Alright, yes, I will.”
"And that's a good thing," John said, knowing it was true, and yet, there was a sting to it as well.  He'd done his time in maternity wards, years ago, knew that the cooing over a loose-skinned soft-skulled infant with the assignment of each feature to some member of the family was all foolishness, evolutionary imperative to convince the fathers that the children were theirs, worth protecting rather than abandoning, but people said it with such fervor.  On rare occasions John had been forced to admit that he saw it too, the whorl of an ear or even the eerie expression of the newest of infants, mimicking, somehow, the stoic face of a far older relative.  Still now, if he did see himself in the baby, he'd be forced to play that it was only that his features were so ordinary.
“He saw the footage of me entering the Thames, better?”  Sherlock still held on to his hand.
John looked at him sharply, trying to remember if Mycroft had ever lied to him.  By omission, perhaps, but never an outright lie.
“Going on cases is part of who I am.  And I don’t do it out of some misplaced sense of ego, either.”  He ran his hand over the stones.  “As much as I abhor sentiment, it is hard to deny, here, that my emotions are stirred.”
Mycroft laughed softly.  "John, you are too forgiving." He looked down.  "Always."
The noise that escaped his mouth was something like a laugh, a hiccough, and a sob.  Sherlock turned around, his brow creased with alarm.
John laughed out loud, Sherlock's broad declaration more in character with the Sherlock he'd known prior to this... had it only been a
"Oh my god."  She drummed her fingers on the table for a moment.  "Does Mycroft have any children?"
“Yes, good.” John almost sobbed in relief when he saw the bassinet and the mobile. “I'm alright now, really.” Even when Sherlock had fully let go of him, he remained sitting up, the prickles on his spine daring him to lie down again.
The rumble of the kettle nearly covered the sound of Sherlock's tread, but John turned towards him just the same.
Sherlock nodded.  “I already did.  She should be here any moment.  Knowing you were working a half day and would be home soon anyway, I was going to wait until she had examined the egg prior to summoning you.”
"Excited I can see, but why would she want to go shopping?"  John rubbed his thumb against the back of Sherlock's hand.
"So it's soon then."  John couldn't resist touching again, pushing closer this time, finding the taut but springy ring of muscle, pressing against it off to one side with his fingers, to feel the slick opening moving against itself.
"I have to assume that Mycroft will help us," John said.
“Perhaps.”  John mentally crossed his fingers for the millionth time that the baby would look like Sherlock.
"John," Sherlock began, his voice rough.
"Did you like that?"
"It wouldn't work well for me."  The words came out sharper than John had meant them to.
, Sherlock had insisted, but when John had peeked inside the syntax didn’t suggest a monograph and there were sets of sideways Euro-quotes all over the pages.)
Sherlock smirked at him, apparently amused by the fact that John couldn't just say
"That will take some getting used to."  John set his head down on the edge of the mattress.  He'd acquired a romantic partner, become aware of a subset of humanity he'd had no idea had existed, firmly cemented his identity as a man partnered to a man whereas previously he'd been comfortably bisexual with a preference for dating women, become an expectant father, and upended his usually independent  and somewhat solitary existence for what sounded like a sort of nordic kibbutz.
, Sherlock, I’m in a place where you know I’ll be, reachable, and earning money besides.”
"Not really."  He made his decision, lamb, though he'd briefly considered lobster and then discarded the idea.  Sherlock had urged him to be decadent, but in truth he didn't like lobster all that much.  "So, Sherlock and I are together," he said as he set the menu aside.
John turned towards him, hands rotating the egg automatically.  He barely felt the strain in his arms, though it had only been a few days of carrying it around less than half the time.
"My sister," he said, lying.  "Sherlock's parents, and his brother."  True there, to a point.  "Anthea knows as well."
“A bit dramatic?” Sarah asked as they walked out together.
“Herbal?” John asked, taking down the chamomile canister for himself. He didn't particularly like the taste, but there was no doubt that it was soporific.
"I could," John protested.  “I mean, we do.  There’s nothing essential to a baby’s life that we need that we do not have.”
John nodded, setting his fingers on the edge of the egg behind her head, slipping them into the space between the egg and her neck.  He gave a tug, but stopped when he felt something like skin stuck to the eggshell.
"Even if you're pouring me a cup of tea?"
“:I wouldn’t have believed it, “ John said.  “I would have walked away, I think, or accused you of taking the piss.”
“We drove by here the day he told me about you,” John told him.  They walked through the open courtyard, passing half a dozen silent workers who took no notice of them.
"Damn right."   He held on tight, then stood, carefully crouching over Sherlock's ass, feet to either side of his legs as he wrapped his arms around his hips, pulling up as he pushed down, feet planted on the mattress.
Sherlock shrugged.  “It feels right, and it’s no more presumptuous than continuously using he.”
John heard the words echo from years ago, the first night they’d ever spent together, though in vastly different circumstances.  That night had ended with Chinese, too.  John was sure it wasn’t a coincidence.  He leaned forward and kissed Sherlock softly on the lips.
"We'll be down presently."  Sherlock unfolded himself from behind John and came round to take the egg.  Since the beginning he'd been the custodian of the egg when going up and down the stairs and John was glad to let him do it.  John straightened his clothes and went to the washroom to splash some water on his face, smiling to himself at Zilpha's unexpected warmth, the way she referred to them collectively, already.
"John should go talk to her," Mycroft said, looking to Sherlock.
"I suppose he argued that he has the superior intellect?"
“John, what’s happening, is she alright?”  For a brief moment John thought Sherlock was referring to the egg, then realized that of course he had no way of knowing if the tiny being  inside the shell was alright or not.
John held his hips tighter, aware, in the back of his mind, that he was likely bruising Sherlock's skin where it stretched over his bones, but unable to care.
The front door closed, the last of Mycroft’s workers gone.  Sherlock swung his legs out of the bed and stood, still neatly wrapped in the sheet, egg cradled to his stomach.  “Let’s see then, shall we?”
“Of course.”  He took the scissors from Annborg and reached down for the cord, holding it steady as he clipped it just against the clamp.  He tilted it to look at the cut end, squinting in the low light.  Annborg turned on the flashlight on her phone, shining the light on the cut end of the cord so John could see the three dots that meant she’d had three vessels connecting her to the yolk.
“He's not particular. Despite his demeanor he is a very easy man to cater to. His most strident wish was to remain living in Norway. Other than that he has no real preferences as to food, sleeping accommodations, temperature, noise, or any of the other things that I would find tiresome to cater to.”
“I hope you don’t operate that way at work.”  He turned the egg without lifting his shirt.
They wandered off, Sherlock opening a series of doors that were marked Staff Only.  They stood on the parapet, looking down over the lawns to the Thames beyond.  Looking at the water, John felt a chill go down his spine.
John rubbed his hand up and down Sherlock's side, the surprisingly defined dip of his waist, the swell of his hips.  He let his hand wander over the curve of Sherlock's stomach and wondered how, really, he could have missed that fact that Sherlock had been getting thicker about the middle-- though, if his face was anything to go by, not actually gaining weight, but shifting it.  He pulled himself away.
“John, are you alright?”
“We need to consider names,” John said, suddenly desperate to make sure that Sherlock didn’t choose something esoteric, then remembered whose family he was dealing with.  Zilpha, Sigurson, Mycroft, and Sherlock.  He started to giggle, aware that he hadn’t laughed in some time as the breath came rushing out of him so.
John mulled that over as he turned the egg again, a motion that he didn't notice until he was already done.
“I abhor planned obsolescence.  And for now, a combination of the phone, my computer, and your computer have been more than adequate.”
"Only a few months after we were together, we decided that we wanted to start a family."  He pressed his lips together, trying not to smile as she had to struggle to swallow the mouthful of water she'd just taken.
"How could they when they never divorced?"
Sherlock shrugged.  “The lure of the theatrical was too much for him to resist.”
"Sherlock."
"Very good, John.  Yes, I have been eating, far more than usual, and as you might have noticed from the shape of my face the development of the yolk has also cost me most of my own fat storage as well."
He’d just chosen to ignore it. Rationalised it, figured that it probably wasn't any cause for concern. That had certainly been what Mary had said, the times he’d brought up his nagging worry. Said that John should stop fussing, that Sherlock was an adult and fully capable of taking care of himself.
John leaned back in his chair again, but kept his eyes provocatively on Sherlock.
”What was he like?”
One shot. His last vow, followed through.
”I’m sorry.”
”Is right Danny,” Sherlock replies. ”I’m sendin’ in two burgers, two fries. Yous take one, give one to Greg, let ’im go first.”
It was getting too much, too soon. Sherlock thought he might come in his pants within thirty seconds if John kept this up.
He had pushed forward much more aggressively than he had meant to, spurred on by noticing that Sherlock didn’t seem to resist. Mostly, he had appeared confused, but John had gotten a response for every little move he had made. It had been so surprisingly easy.
, because then he might… wake up from this trance or spell or whatever this is, and then… no.
John wondered while making his way around the area. He had no idea how Sherlock would even be reacting by now. John knew the odds were strongly leaning to Sherlock avoiding him again, but it felt impossible to leave without seeing him one final time tonight.
”Sadie is a dog, John. The dog from the park. I've begun to borrow her, on occasions.” He smiled big. ”And I need to take her out now. Don’t want any accidents on the rug.”
His heart is beating fast, but he is overtaken by a very strange sense of calm; calm but not numb, no. Quite the opposite.
Yes. It could be an experiment. But no way of controlling the variables, so, more of a single case study, then. It would have to do. Could still make a spreadsheet of it.
Better than Sherlock could ever have imagined, and taken into account that he has been imagining this almost every day over the last five years, well.
”Then why won’t you move back in?”
Before John knew what was happening, Sherlock had crawled up on the edge of the bed, positioned himself on all fours with his arse towards John. He turned his head to look expectantly at John, who had to try his best not to laugh.
I wouldn’t have. Look Sherlock, I don’t know where you got it from, this crazy idea that-”
John had fallen asleep again, with his face buried in Sherlock’s hair. When he woke up, Sherlock was not there. John listened for sounds from the bathroom, but when there were none, he quickly put on his pants and undershirt and made his way out in the sitting room. Empty.
John cups his hands over his hipbones, and then greatly surprises Sherlock again by leaning forward to drag his lips over his cock, breathes hot air through the white cotton of his boxer briefs.
Stares at John, in awe and wonder, because he’d
Sherlock was in his blue dressing gown, but it was untied and open in front, he had one of his usual thin t-shirts on and it was pulled up to his chest, revealing Sherlock’s well defined abdominal muscles underneath pale, almost hairless skin.
”…we can do that too, but not tonight.” He let out a short, breathy laugh and John felt the furious arousal building up even stronger within him.
did people
When Rosie’s run inside the house to greet the beloved stuffed animals left behind, Mary comes up to him where he’s standing by the door.
After what seemed like an eternity, but probably had been less than five minutes, the front door downstairs was shut, and Sherlock came back up again. In his hand, he held a bottle of something. It was unwrapped, but in one of those nice looking wooden crates that finer spirits sometimes came in.
Charlotte was beautiful in an different sort of way, John thought. She was tall and slender, a bit too thin for John’s taste perhaps, with long dark hair that she wore in a sleek pony tail. She was dressed in a simple back dress, and he noticed her delicate hands, short fingernails painted red. A chunky bracelet thing around her wrist was her only piece of jewelry except for the impossible-to-miss diamond wedding ring .
“It’s a wonder that Moriarty didn’t go after them as well as the jewels.”
She looked pleased.  “Well, it doesn’t sound like he’s any easier to live with.  In love, writing is dangerous, not to mention pointless.”
"Yeah, ok," John said, not wanting to press the issue any further, nor to insist that Sherlock had anything other than social machination on his mind.  "Where, do you think?"
“It seems to be fairly steady, peaking in the morning and the afternoon.”  Sherlock turned the egg in his hands as he spoke, watching her open her bag.
"Essentially, yes."  Sherlock plucked the phone from his hands and began tapping on it, finally handing it back over.  The screen was nearly blank, a small grey icon of a video camera in the center.
Sherlock stood and stretched, then filled his glass again, standing in the middle of the floor to drink.
"I know he wants you to come home, but there is more to discuss, John.  I am sure that you're aware of the powerful role hormones play in human emotion.  Despite his demeanor to the contrary, Sherlock is no exception, especially with the surge of hormones that will be starting any moment now.  The effect will be similar to a drug, overpowering, and it will prompt him to say things and act in ways that previously you would have thought inconceivable for him to do.  As you are a good man, I know that you would not take advantage of him in any such state, but you need to know this:  Sherlock will have an intense desire to have his egg fertilized, and he will ask you.  The important thing for you to know is that he had made this decision long before the hormones will have started entering his system."
Before he could change his mind, he dialed the familiar number, finding a small pleasure in typing in the numbers rather than using the speed dial.
”Yeah,” he said eventually. ”Maybe you’re right. I’ll think about it.”
Looks up at John and sees his face. There’s nervousness there, he can tell by the slight wrinkle between John’s eyebrows and the way he straightens his back. Realises he’s just going to get right down to business -
He woke up clinging to John, it was already too late, no way he could have stopped himself. John was grinding into him and Sherlock responded, pushed his leg up against him and-
Sherlock’s mind had to make a U-turn before he could reply.
He checked the bathroom, then jogged up to the second bedroom. His room. It didn't look like anyone had been there for a long time, he noticed a thick layer of dust on the drawer.
”Really?” Sherlock says, shakily.
”Yes,” John managed to say. His head felt light. ”Oh my god. Yes, please.”
The emptiness in the spot where John’s chair had been. Sherlock had pushed and dragged it up to John’s old room, covered it with a white sheet; out of sight, out of mind (but not bloody likely, couldn’t delete it but couldn’t get rid of it, either, so, there it was).
But now. An enforced stillness, a pause he was not prepared for. The car ride will take at least fifty minutes, and it’s decided that John is going to go with Sherlock, and Mycroft will go with Mary, and Sherlock is not sure John understands why. He’ll have to brief him soon enough, but not now. Not now.
“That's it!” the angry woman yelled at John, looking very close to hitting him at this point. “I'm calling the police! Psychopaths like you need to be stopped! Who knows what you’ll kill next!” She took out a phone from her handbag.
abar - about
But except for Mary’s randomness, life had settled into a predictable, mind numbing lull. He didn't have any objections to the mind numbing part, though, because it was hard enough anyway to keep the despair at bay sometimes.
”John,” Sherlock stutters out, ”John, I think I’m going to-”
“What about it? As I said, it was a big mistake, but I didn't realize it at that time. Perhaps you are immune to making mistakes, Mycroft, but most of us ordinary humans aren't, you know. That doesn't make someone a horrible person, or mean that one can't try to repair it.”
“Alright, if you won't answer that; tell me this, then. Tell me exactly what you think you know about my cleaning the rifle-” he chuckled, “...flogging the log... shaking the snake-”
“Everybody, John. They've all assumed – and to be honest, I was hoping they would eventually be correct. Hoping you'd come around.”
”I think
”What were you going to say?” Sherlock asks, his voice quiet, low.
After a moment that seemed to stretch out forever, Sherlock looked up, met his eyes, spoke with a very quiet voice, not much more than a mumble.
John leaned back in his seat, combat mode now fully activated. Without planning to, he heard himself speak.
“Of course,” he managed to get out. “You did the only right thing. But, what then, where did they go?”
”We’ll be absolutely fine, dear. I will text you updates and pictures throughout the evening, all right love? Now go out and have fun you two. And don’t worry about the time, as we agreed I’ll be here throughout the night and in the morning as well. A proper night out and a nice little sleep in does wonders for new parents,” Mrs. Lerner said with a wink towards John.
John’s colleagues would sometimes complain about situations like this. Would bitch about how they hated being disturbed on their free time, having to assist with what would almost always be a heart attack or a stroke.
He saw the expression of John’s face change. He saw the furrow between his eyebrows, saw him closing his eyes, and then, felt the muscles in John’s body contract as he started to come inside of him.
They’re making their way toward Baker Street through empty streets. It’s a quarter to two, hardly any cars or people out at this hour. John’s hotel is on the way, so he’s in the car, too. Sherlock is sitting leaned against a door in the backseat, oddly quiet, far from the post-case energy John remembers from times past.
He put his hand lightly back on top of Sherlock’s, just the way he had been holding it a few minutes ago. It was such a subtle move, barely noticeable, but impossible to misread regardless.
”The tags,” he said. ”You’re wearing them.” As he said it, tears welled up in his eyes. Memories of standing in this very room, writing that note and putting the tags into the envelope, hit him with force and he had to take a moment to find his balance again.
He emptied the ashtray in the kitchen trash, and while he was there, washed up the cups and glasses in the sink, dried them and carefully placed them on their respective place in the cupboard.
It was one thing if Sherlock knew how often he jerked off, but quite another matter that he apparently also knew about the fantasies that John had never told anybody about.
********************
”God, I wish I could have seen you,” John says, quietly. ”You must have been adorable.”
His heart was beat a little faster, and he considered taking out his phone to send a text. Then a thought struck him.
”Sherlock,” he said, and was met by hazy eyes. ”Where’s the dog?”
”Anytime, Greg,” he mumbles. ”Although I’d prefer never again.”
Sherlock had been talking while looking at the screen, but then abruptly looked up at John, eyes shining with excitement.
When Sherlock looks up at him, ever so briefly before closing his eyes again, it makes something inside of John ache. He thinks that Sherlock looks so, so tired, deep lines around his weary eyes. And for the first time ever, it dawns on John that not even Sherlock Holmes is immune to ageing.
”YOU made it abundantly clear that you were NOT interested, alright? Married to your work, those were your exact words because I remember them very well, thank you. And then you repeatedly told me that love was for losers, that you were above all that shit, and then! And then! You left me!”
John is systematically combing through his hair, dirty from God knows what. At the temple, there are chunks of hair lumped together by dried blood. John wets a flannel with water and some soap, and uses it to dissolve the knots, carefully dabbing it around the laceration in Sherlock’s scalp.
”A penny for your thoughts,” John said. Must have been smiling.
Dull. Dull dull dull.
Anyhow. They carefully avoid talking about anything to do with the terribly difficult things that happened, but after the second glass of Barolo, Sherlock’s self control slips.
”Not quite yet love, I don’t want to hurt you,” he said, and then Sherlock felt the fingertip of John’s ring finger gently push at his opening.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock reached down to grab the empty plates from the table, then quickly turned around and tried to restrain his steps to a normal pace as he escaped into the kitchen. He put down the plates in the sink and exhaled, gripping the edge of the counter for support.
This feels good, John thought. Really, really good. They were standing so close, now, and it took John all his willpower to not get in even closer. He realized he had to find out. Had to know what was on the table, here, before he could know how to proceed.
. They
”He’ll be back soon,” she says. ”Just give him a minute.”
Mycroft was staring him down. John tried his best not to avert his eyes. He felt he was being thoroughly manipulated, and even though he didn't agree with Mycroft, it was getting harder by the second to find valid arguments to counter with. He had expected Mycroft to be perhaps a bit angry, but was completely unprepared for this.
”I know you,” John mumbles. ”Can tell when you’re getting wound up. Don’t. There’s no reason.”
“But you know what John, I don't have the fucking energy to do this right now. And I can see you're refusing to do your share. As always, I could add.”
Without giving himself the time to worry about it, John quickly rolled on a condom and proceeded to smear a probably exaggerated amount of lube on himself and around Sherlocks's hole. He then took his dick in hand and guided the glans to Sherlock's hole. Sherlock shivered again.
Sherlock steels himself. Schools his face into what he hopes looks like a non-crazy smile. ”Might as well start now. It’s going to be a long day.”
Finding a dog was not at all like finding a person. Far too many random variables, not much to go on. If one wanted to find a missing dog, the utilization of another dog was the best way to go about it. But now, he would have to make do with himself.
And that was when things had really gone to hell.
”Shhh,” John whispered.
He turned around and made his way out as fast as he could without running. A taxi rolled by just as he got out on the street, and he hailed it, got in. And then he realized he didn’t have an address to give the cabbie.
”You know I-” John began. Sherlock noticed John’s clenched fists, dilated pupils, quicker respiration. John spoke again, his words short, broken.
”But,” he says. ”But how do I do it? How do I… phrase it?”
Here it was now, laid out in front of him. The truth, in clear view: In this life, there could be many people -women, maybe men- that John would be able to connect with, to like, to love. That was the way John was. But there would never be anyone who John could love the way he loved Sherlock. It was as simple as that.
”Yeah. I’m fine,” he managed to get out.
John was breathing harder. He downed the remainder of his drink, tried his very best to refocus.
Sherlock bucked his hips up to increase this wonderful friction, but it had the opposite effect, and made John's cock slip off Sherlock's and fall heavily against Sherlock's buttocks instead. They both inhaled sharply in response to this unexpected – and suggestive – touch.
“I guess I've just never seen the point. That, and the fact that I don't like people touching me.” Sherlock was looking down at John's hands on his thighs. John immediately removed them, suddenly feeling awful, like he'd forced himself onto Sherlock. Oh Christ.
Sherlock then turned, looked him straight in the eye. John could feel his own pulse in his throat.
