“So are y-,“ John began, but Sherlock spoke over him.
John took the last step down the stairs and moved slowly toward the door as Sherlock moved out of the way. The boy let out a short sob. John raised his hands slowly. “Okay, easy now. You are doing just fine.” John inched closer. “Right. First, I’m going to tap on it gently and then I’m going to remove some things, okay? Just keep doing what you are doing and hold it up for me. We’ll work together. Do you understand?” John looked at the boy in the eyes when he said nothing. “Do. You. Understand.” He repeated a bit firmer, almost military.
“Don’t move, Mrs. Hudson!” Sherlock yelled from the ground floor.
“Oh, you must be John.” She said cheerfully as she straightened up.
The creaking pipes on the terracotta roofs pumped out wide, heavy plumes of black smoke and John sort of felt like he was suffocating. His hired car rumbled over the stone cobbled roads and he sighed for the fifth time that day as the cab got closer to the center of London. After three days, he still wasn’t quite sure why he had agreed to meet David about the room for rent. He hated the city but the country drove him mad. The vast, empty fields reminded him too much of the war. Admittedly, the whoops of steam engines and the cracks of electricity from the zeppelins floating gently across the London skyline were not very conducive to repressing the dark memories either. He gripped his right thigh as a whisper of an ache creeped up from the tense muscle. Thin, long pistons running down the leg of his copper knee brace slid smoothly and the gears on either side squeaked as John stretched. The car came to a stop in front of a small park where children were flying their kites. Some kites had tiny, rudimentary engines that let out small white puffs and made the kites swing and zigzag in the sky like swallowtails.
“How’s the case going?” Molly asked, a smile playing on her lips over the rim of her coffee cup.
“Yes, about your blog-”
AND WE'RE BACK with John's perspective ooo and ahhhh!! I wasn't actually intending to include John's perspective in this story at its inception, but there were so many great scenes that popped into my head that simply could not happen with Sherlock present, so alas. I made more work for myself. Per usual.
“No, I’m not,” John calmly countered, only frustrating Sherlock even further.
John reentered the room behind him, a rustle of clothing and faint impact tremor signaling his kneeling. “Here,” he murmured, and a soft pressure fell against Sherlock’s shoulders. “You had books all over yours. Hope you don’t mind.” He folded his duvet around Sherlock’s body, his arms wrapping around Sherlock’s own for a moment before he withdrew, and Sherlock clutched tightly at the edges of the blanket, tugging it firmer around him.
Sherlock chuckled, kicking a chair leg in invitation, and then went to fetch a cup from the cupboard, John waddling in behind him. “Just one,” he said, pouring the potent black brew into John’s blue Dalek mug. “Shouldn’t be too hard to track down, though. Had a big ‘Johnnie Walker’ on the side.”
“Come on,” Sherlock interrupted, passing a few crumpled notes through the sliding plexiglass window. “We’ve only got half an hour, assuming he’s not speeding too exorbitantly.”
With a smirk only the creeping dawn light saw, he quietly shifted on the mattress, shuffling closer to Sherlock as he leaned up and over him, dropping his lips to the back of his neck.
His lips twitched in a smile he couldn’t entirely repress, and then he looked away, a swallow moving down his throat. “I’m not worried,” he muttered, pushing off from the table and heading toward the kitchen.
,” Sherlock spat at Mrs. Hudson, flicking a hand toward the fitting room with a grimace.
him…”
Sherlock stared at him, eyes moving to slits, and then he blinked, gaze shifting to the sofa.
“Nobody needs
John bit down a hysterical giggle. “No,” he scraped out, shaking his head, “it’s my roommate. Sherlock?” he called, opening the door wider, the detective’s head popping up around it as though he had just been alerted by the sound of his name, an act John wasn’t buying for a second. “Sherlock, this is my sister, Harry. Well, Harriet, but-”
“Oh, shove off, you’ll have fun!” John urged with a laugh, grabbing his pillow and swatting it playfully against Sherlock’s knee. “Besides, I don’t wanna go without you.”
“Can we go in?” he asked, twisting to look up at Sherlock, face open and vulnerable, like his every hope and dream lay entrusted in Sherlock’s pale hands.
“Anything?” Lestrade asked for the seventh time, and Sherlock shook his head.
“No, you’re not going back there,” he clarified, and Sherlock sighed, John’s stubbornness, though well-intentioned, growing exhausting.
Mary grinned, giving him a small affirmative nod, and he smiled back, relieved.
“Mrs. White with the rope in the library.”
John grinned down at the ink, the reality of it finally sinking it, wiping whatever lingering affront or fear he had from his mind, because he had an interview at
“Mrs. Hudson left the books on the table,” Sherlock muttered, jerking a thumb behind him.
It was a mere fluke of circumstance that Lestrade and the team at Scotland Yard had never met John. He’d left for the army right out of university, before Sherlock had been unofficially taken on as a consultant, and, whenever he’d come back on leave over the past three years, they had better things to do than meet up at pubs with people Sherlock already saw too much as it was.
She blinked, regarding him a long moment, a thoughtful frown creasing her forehead. “You’re not...angry with him?”
There, posed in the center of John’s bed, was a pair of trainers. They were old, a decade or so, but impeccably cared for, and Sherlock moved closer, staring down at them, his lip quivering before he set his jaw tight.
about that!” he blustered, and Sherlock chuckled, stretching a hand to John’s, the blond twisting their fingers on contact.
Like hitting a wrong note in the climactic build of a symphony, the gentle atmosphere around them popped, disappointment flickering over John’s features before they were once again carved from stone.
“Lunch tomorrow,” Sherlock confirmed, pulling the phone from his ear and tapping the call to a close, and then walked back to his table, stopping to grab a book on Hippocrates along the way to explain his absence.
“What if someone comes in?” Sherlock hissed, scanning the front windows. “Your boss or something?”
The room Sherlock led them to was airy and bright, wide windows stretching across the right wall. There were several long, high tables set up in rows, wooden stools sitting behind them, and roughly a dozen students were already perched around the room. It may have just been first-day nerves playing with his imagination, but the room seemed to quiet dramatically as they entered, and he could feel eyes tracking their progress to the back of the room.
is,” he muttered, dropping his voice, and the only thing that kept Sherlock from taking a dive out the car door and hoping for the best was knowing they had to have this conversation eventually, the only alternative to dying of sexual frustration, “but- Well, you never talk about-about you.”
But John
“Oh, come on,” John urged, frustratingly winsome smile on his face. “You can be anything you like. Astronaut, firemen, hot dog vendor.”
“Copper,” said a voice at his shoulder, and John turned to see Sherlock’s pale neck stretched backward as he tilted his chin up at the stars. He dropped his face as the firework began to diminish, smiling softly. “That’s what makes them blue.”
John didn’t know, didn’t see it was the sugar. He didn’t understand that simple things were often the most destructive.
“You make an ass out of you,” Sherlock muttered as they left the science building, walking along the pavement back toward Kingsley House.
“Okay… Okay.”
Sherlock could count on a single hand the things that had struck him speechless. One of them was his mother’s death, the other was Redbeard’s, and the rest were taken up by John Watson. John Watson and his unfailing loyalty and faith and courage, and Sherlock would almost call it stupid except that it was so damn noble. And the worst part was, John had absolutely no idea.
“Maybe I was doing that on purpose.”
Sherlock nodded, moving side-to-side across the rug as he steepled his fingers beneath his chin and began. “I love thee not, therefore pursue me not. Where is Lysander and fair Hermia? The one I'll slay, the other slayeth me.”
Sherlock laughed, clapping a hand to his mouth and bowing his head in apology to an elderly couple he startled on his way by.
want to be American.”
Irene shrugged. “Technically, no one tried to kill me.”
“I know, I know!” Victor interjected, running a hand through his hair as he turned away, pacing a short distance before twisting back. “It doesn’t make any sense, but I- I dunno, I just- You make me
“So how did you get the menus?” Sherlock asked, and John turned his face up, clearly unamused.
John was still smiling to himself as he entered the locker room, slamming his bag down on a bench and beginning to unpack.
Sherlock watched John, who was now looking out the window to his left, and thought frantically about how to respond. There were medieval torture methods he would prefer to watching grown men chase a ball, but John had invited him, and Sherlock had no idea what to do about it. Being completely clueless was not something he was accustomed to, but he simply had no data to inform him in this particular scenario. Was this something roommates did, go to one another’s sporting activities, even if they were only try-outs? Sherlock had never been much of an acquaintance to anyone, and especially not the type to offer moral support, but if John was asking that of him, if John was nervous, if Sherlock’s presence would help…
“Maybe nothing,” he shrugged, “but probably something. She’s made a bit of a name for herself on the circuit as the go-to for high profile clients who want something a bit, er…
“I make no promises,” he replied, Sherlock giving him a stony look before sighing in resigned exasperation.
The group dissolved with mumbled congratulations and encouragements, often accompanied with slaps on the back and shoulder that had Sherlock digging his nails into his palms, but John lingered.
“I-I miss you, Sherls,” he breathed, taking Sherlock’s silence for encouragement, hands groping at Sherlock’s fingertips as he stepped out of reach.
Once again to the closet.
“Shh, don’t spoil it!”
“Or incompetent,” Sherlock offered, John scoffing as he rushed from the room.
“I have to go,” Sherlock blurted, hastily backing away, his hand lifting in an iron grip on his backpack strap. “I-I’m supposed to help Dad carry some boxes into the attic.”
“Going with you,” John replied, forehead furrowing as he regarded Sherlock’s stunned expression. “If that’s not...going to make you pass out...”
at anything,” Mycroft dismissed, rolling his eyes, and Lestrade dropped his head, pinching at the bridge of his nose in a sure sign of an oncoming Holmes-headache, something John was all-too-familiar with. “Just changed the height and weight measurements to John’s in case Sher- In case someone noticed.”
“No, I’m not.”
“Got your email,” Lestrade said, stepping toward him as the main flat door closed with Sherlock’s exit.
Sherlock sighed dramatically, but turned back, folding his hands in front of him on the table. “Go on, then.”
“Do I know you?” Mike asked, brow furrowed as he searched Sherlock’s face. “Didn’t you take 111 last semester?”
“Sherlock?” Mrs. Hudson’s door creaked open, footsteps moving to the base of the stairs. “Did you call me?”
“Maybe he got enough for an arrest and he’s getting the warrant and all that,” John suggested, closing the file as he shrugged.
John laughed, trying to stamp down his grin as he neared the next corner of the building, dorm windows occupying the upcoming wall.
“That depends,” John murmured, wrapping an arm around Sherlock’s waist as he gently pulled him against his chest. “Does the ‘we’ include the shower?”
“It’s a costume party, Sherlock. You’ll look silly if you’re the only one without one,” John admonished tenderly, and Sherlock simply gaped at him for a moment.
“Are you alright?” John asked, moving to his side, his head tilting concernedly. “You look really pale.”
Swallowing hard, he flipped the opposite direction, curling up to breathe in the worn scent of the leather as he pressed his head down into the armrest. His arms folded across his chest, his left hand rubbing absentmindedly at his right forearm as he thought, frowning into the shadow created by the back of the chair.
“Fine,” he grumbled, and John beamed, clearly aware of his victory.
Sean and Kavi jeered from the sidelines, falling silent as the action built, foils clamoring at a frenetic pace while John and Émile battled—John clearly the more technically adept, but Émile just a hair faster.
John’s eyes narrowed, but Sherlock smiled, and he automatically returned it as his chest heaved with relief. “You might be,” he said, still grinning as he shrugged. “The situation’s never come up.”
But Sherlock wasn’t looking for a queen for Galerre; he was tasked with finding the best wife for John, and, watching the two of them interact—or, rather, watching them
He bit his lip, sighing through his nose, and cast his eyes aimlessly around the room, as if the shadows could offer advice, but even his usually helpful skull gave him no comfort. He didn’t know what he’d be waking up to tomorrow, what John would do or say. He didn’t know if he’d have to explain himself, if John would even ask, and he had no idea how he would respond if John
Sherlock placed an affronted hand to his chest, mouth gaping in faux offense, but John only pointed at the pizza, his eyes, and Sherlock in turn before weaving his way toward the main thoroughfare leading out of the kitchen. Sherlock chuckled, stopping abruptly as he turned to find a piece of their pizza had been replaced with an imposter, a single sliver of ricotta and spinach slotted in amongst the tomatoes and mozzarella. Eyes narrowed, it didn’t take long to find the culprit, Marcus currently struggling to break the strings of cheese still clinging onto the slice from between his teeth.
information, it was about
Sherlock held on to his fair share of curious glances, however, which only grew as they approached a table in the corner, murmurs rising up around them.
“Great,” she chirped, smiling brightly. “Well…bye, John,” she added, flipping her hand up in a short wave as she took a step inside the classroom.
“I’ll have one of those too,” Harry added, and then the man turned, looking between John and Sherlock with an expectant smile.
“I didn’t say that.”
Sherlock had never told John any of this, of course, but the man seemed to have pieced it together, and was quick to text or call the second he was free of them.
“Sherlock, we’ve talked about this,” Mrs. Hudson said tiredly, and he glared at her as she grabbed the suitcase and began rolling it toward the door. “I can’t stay at Langley with you this year. You’re not making any friends.”
“Hmm?” he hummed, turning his head toward her as he grabbed for his mug.
Wordlessly, John moved past him, crossing into the lab before closing that door behind him as well. He acted quickly, wrapping the tourniquet and syringe in newspaper and toilet tissue respectively before throwing them in the hazardous waste bin in the lab. He then darted into the bathroom, pouring out the contents of the vial into the toilet before flushing it, and grabbed a plastic bag from one of the shelves. He placed the glass inside, sealed the bag, and then sat it on the floor, lining his shoe up and slamming down, the vial shattering within the plastic. Picking that up, he threw it in the bin in the bathroom, unrolling and shredding a bit of toilet paper to scatter overtop before, after one last final check, returning to Sherlock in the corridor.
John lifted a hand in greeting, the other slipping halfway into the front pocket of his dark jeans, a subtle sign of shyness. He was wearing a short-sleeved button-up shirt in a pale color—a gray-tinged purple or blue, it was difficult to tell in the dark—with a dark geometric pattern running through it. Lean muscle rippled through the exposed sections of his arms, the shirt stretched just enough over his chest to hint at a similar structure beneath, and a dusting of stubble—a shade darker than his sandy blond hair—wrapped around his jaw. A little shorter and more athletic than Sherlock’s usual type, but still very—
Sherlock swallowed, his tongue coated with bitterness.
“-that I am effectively incapable-”
“Not quite,” the man responded, easily, maybe even amused, and John’s eyes widened as hot lead slowly filled his stomach.
“Fine, I’m sorry if you were offended by something I said.”
John blinked up at him, eyes twilight in the dim of the room, and then he smiled in the dawn. “Ya know,” he murmured, fingers curling playfully in Sherlock’s hair, “I think the Shakespeare’s gone to your head a bit too.”
“No, I don’t,” he muttered, leaning over the photographs and police reports. “I don’t care about the color of Mrs. Grant’s next-door-neighbor’s cat, or the height of the scuff mark on her doorframe; I want to know why you ignored me for two weeks.”
her is going to work?” John snarled. “That girl is
“No, nobody’s was; it just listed performance groups. Still though, Irene said he was practicing for it,” she reminded. “I can’t think of anything else that could mean.”
EVEN MORE ON TO THE EPILOGUE!!!
Whether due to the palpable shift in the air or the silence, John couldn’t say, but Sherlock halted his observations and turned back to them, his eyes shifting curiously between the two, stunned men. “What?” he muttered irritably.
“I deserve that,” he chuckled, and the set of Sherlock’s shoulders relaxed, his arms hanging loose at his sides. John moved to the window, but kept his distance, several feet between them as he looked out over the valley. A few seconds of silence passed as he sipped on his drink, and then sighed over the glass, the fog of his breath building and fading before he spoke. “I feel I should…apologize,” he muttered, rushing over the word like it burned his tongue, and Sherlock quirked a brow, his defenses bobbing indecisively as he attempted to read the tone.
John stopped on the step of 221B, suitcase in hand and a rather confused Sherlock looking back at him from across the threshold. “Permission to come aboard?” he asked, lips twitching.
“Yep,” John chirped, laughing as Sherlock rolled his eyes. He then sighed, sliding to the front of his chair as he shifted his cup to his right hand. “Well, I should try and track down the team,” he groaned, rising to his feet as he tugged at the hem of his jumper, “make sure nobody else is confused about what time we leave.”
“Hence, get thee gone, and follow me no more.”
Jeanette nodded. “My maternal grandmother lived outside Barcelona. We would visit her often when I was a child, and I fell in love with the country and the people. And the weather,” she added with a gentle laugh. “She passed away when I was 16, and, so, when it came time to go away for school, I suppose I…wanted to be closer to those memories.”
John bit his lip, anxiously clasping his hands together at the small of his back before stepping forward. “I could- Do you mind if I-” he stammered, still worried his next word might be Sherlock’s last straw, but the detective shook his head, shrugging a shoulder as he shifted to his left to allow John room on the sofa. John swallowed, his heart hammering for the second time that morning, but the reason remained the same.
“Sherlock, please,” John urged, batting his hands at him as he wound his way back through the metal maze, but Sherlock had no interest in hearing it, turning and storming his way back toward the pitch. “Sherlock! Sherlock, where are you even
“Are you afraid of dying alone?”
“Hurry up, you lot!” Mrs. Watson called from downstairs, unknowingly breaking up the showdown, and Harry leaned back, drawing herself up to her full height that Sherlock was quickly catching up to as she looked down her nose at them.
John’s face fell instantly into a scowl. “We are
“Because you’re always bothering me when I’m trying to work,” Sherlock said haughtily, but he was smiling as he disentangled himself from the chair, striding back to his experiment.
“Four,” Sherlock answered, standing up as well, and John shuffled out of the way so he could reach the kettle, flicking it on to start boiling again. “Are we gonna head back here first to shower and stuff, or should I bring clothes to change at the studio?”
“I remember the way,” he said softly, the words sounding like they desperately wanted to be nonchalant, but there was a weight to them all the same, a thousand unsaid meanings sent buzzing around in the thickening air.
“Probably for the best,” Sherlock clipped with a single, official nod. “You appear to be wearing most of the pitch.”
Sherlock did relax after that, however, eventually turning onto his side, back to John on completely the opposite side of the mattress, so far away, John was sure he was bare centimeters from falling.
Just then, the door chimed, and John hastened to collect himself, tearing his eyes away from Sherlock’s smug expression to the gentleman walking through the door. “Hello,” he said, clearing his throat when his voice cracked. “What can I get for you this evening?”
Sherlock managed a half-smile, fingers twisting together as he awkwardly folded his hands. “Price of popularity,” he muttered, a little sharper than he’d intended, but John didn’t appear to notice, huffing a laugh as he nodded.
“Mere?” Lestrade spluttered, gaping at the boy. “There was nothing
!? Someone could see you! Not to mention, you know, you’ll
“I’ve never cut a vegetable in my
“I don’t know, he hasn’t told me yet.”
John smiled to himself softly, staring down at the floor to cover it. This excursion was definitely looking up.
John hummed in acknowledgement, continuing to stare down the stairs as he nodded, but Mrs. Hudson did not return to her flat as he’d hoped, instead drawing closer to his shoulder.
Mary and Molly shared a fleeting glance, and then Mary approached, hovering in front of him a moment before stretching out a tentative hand to rest on his arm. “I’m glad you’re alright,” she said with a soft smile, her fingers squeezing gently into his jumper, and then withdrew after Sherlock nodded, smiling back as feebly as possible.
“No. No, Sherlock, I am
John pushed off the floor, taking the computer and moving back to the edge of the mess. “Always?” he repeated, his eyebrows furrowing as he glanced down at the phrase on the glowing screen. “You mean, they never give your name?”
! He could
John’s lips parted, forehead furrowing with frustrated incredulity. “Sherlock, we were best friends!”
John chuckled. “Fair enough,” he obliged with a shrug. “Vatican cameos it is. So, if either of us want to leave-”
“Of course you get one,” John chuckled, eyes sparkling over a grin. “You’re part of the team too. See?” He turned the jacket over, pointing to where his last name should be stitched again, but it wasn’t there. Instead, the words ‘Consulting Coach’ were printed in large, white lettering, much more visible than the last names of the players.
“Thank you, Irene,” he murmured, her eyes flicking down to his with a soft smile.
4:46. Two minutes to go.
“I’m bi,” John interjected, raising a hand, and Irene snorted.
“Her husband, and our victim”—John suppressed the urge to smile at the plural—“worked from home that weekend, and his office confirmed he took several conference calls with overseas clients. Up until Saturday evening, of course, when he was murdered,” Sherlock added with a casual shrug, as if to say ‘So it goes’.
John dropped his eyes and turned back to collect his jacket, unable to argue with that fact.
Mycroft sighed tiredly. “I just wanted to check in on you after what happened at the Yard, that business with that Carlisle fellow. Terrible, just terrible.”
“Google!” John fiercely suggested, slamming the refrigerator door. “You could Google it, Sherlock. Like a normal per-” Sherlock cut him off with a haughty snort, and John rolled his eyes, pinching at the bridge of his nose as he felt the beginnings of a tension headache. “Wait,” he muttered, lifting his head from his palm, “Mr. Hooper? As in-”
“That knife wasn’t mine!”
“Parka, boots,
and help us tailor-make the experience as much as possible.
For a long time, there was no reply, Sherlock checking three times to be sure the message had sent, and was just considering turning the phone off and back on when it lit up with a reply.
“Oh, hey!” a voice spoke down at him in alarm, and Sherlock turned, tipping his face up to the origin. “You’re back!” John Watson said, smiling brightly down at him as he slipped his mobile into the pocket of his dark jeans, a black-and-white-striped jumper peering out from between the open zipper of his signature black jacket. “Thought you might’ve moved on to bigger and better tables,” he added with a playful tilt of his head, and Sherlock chuckled, closing his book as he dropped his face, beating down a blush.
Sherlock did laugh at that, a quick bolt of mirth. “No. No, you most certainly could not,” he chuckled, shaking his head. He cocked his curls to the side, raising a smug eyebrow as he smirked. “I am the only one in the world, after all.”
“Americans carry pocket lamps?”
He heard Sherlock chuckle as he rounded the first landing, a clang of metal and shuffling footsteps following thereafter.
“Still, though,” she continued, flicking a dismissive hand, “they’re
, how you’ve grown,” she mused as she pulled away, one hand lingering on his shoulder while the other brushed a stray strand of hair back into formation across his forehead. “Makes me feel old just
John narrowed his eyes at both of them before turning back to Mary, who rattled her head at him in chiding.
“Bloodletting,” he said, lifting his brows. “Nice.”
He shifted the book away, snapping it closed before dropping it unceremoniously to the bed beside him. “What happened?” he asked, sitting up and bouncing into a cross-legged position. His eyes followed John’s steps, watching carefully as he lowered himself to the edge of his bed and rummaged through the plastic bag.
John shook his head, propping himself up on his forearms. “I never said-”
They sat there for a few moments, John shifting within his blanket, thumbing the material as he pulled it around to his chest. “It is warm though,” he conceded, shifting the fabric higher over his shoulders. “What’s this made of, you think?”
He suppressed it quickly, however, curiosity overruling offense.
“Seriously?” John blurted, taken aback, his eyes widening as Irene nodded. “Wow, that’s- I wouldn’t have thought that many people were free on a Saturday night.”
“It was dark, too dark to see anything clearly, and perspective would be impossible at that distance in the lighting. My old coat was smaller, so, proportionately, it would look like it fit you, and you were wearing that
“Definitely,” John squeaked, breath still trembling with suppressed mirth. “That shirtless scene is Oscar-worthy.”
The man bobbed the umbrella at him in wordless thanks, and then swept out the door, unfurling the black plastic over his head before slamming the passenger door and opening the one at Irene’s head.
“That was before I started working on the homeless murders,” Sherlock said, pushing the plate back from him a few inches. “I don’t eat when I’m on a case. Digestion slows me down.”
Sherlock chuckled, shaking his head, color mercifully beginning to creep back into his face. “It doesn’t bear thinking about,” he replied, and John laughed, turning back to the dorm, hesitating a moment at the doorknob before Sherlock nodded.
“I am,” Sherlock chuckled, grinning as John laughed. “I’d never been to one before. Always figured it’d be rather…tedious.”
“Yeah, but you always have the right answers.”
took the car, and I couldn’t afford a cab.” He stopped, his back to Sherlock, form silhouetted in the afternoon light as he slumped, bowing his head and gripping the bridge of his nose. After a moment Sherlock didn’t even dare breathe, he sighed, spine straightening as he turned. “I’ll just have to stay here,” he said with a shrug, eyes disappointed, but resigned. “Maybe clean out that fridge of yours,” he joked, jerking his head across the hall, a smile trying to form as he looked down, and Sherlock’s stomach twisted at the lie.
“Liar.”
“Because they’re for you,” he said, as if that would be in any way obvious, and Sherlock blinked, staring down at the sweets as Mike bobbed the box toward him.
“Certainly not,” Sherlock huffed haughtily, lifting his chin.
“I see that,” John said, rather like a teacher commenting on a child’s finger painting. His arms were crossed over his chest, one brow rising as Sherlock only blinked at him. “From who?”
“You- What?” Sherlock sputtered, untangling his legs to lean across and catch John’s eye. “You’re-You’re just going to…go to
“You look all by yourself,” he said, Sherlock giving up on passive aggressive and narrowing his eyes at him.
“-and how it fans out behind him like a cape when he walks.”
“Higher.”
weren’t the problem—or, well,
“There’s a lot of talk about a new supplier out on the streets,” Ethan began, leaning across the table as if he and Lestrade were trying not to be overheard in a pub. “No one knows his name, no one has ever even seen him, but word is he’s pretty much running the whole drug scene now, eliminating his competition.” Ethan smirked, swinging one arm over the back of his chair in smug triumph. “That’s why he got in touch with me. Said he’d give me the guy who sold my sister her drugs if I took care of a few others for him first.”
“Sherlock, check the cutlery for water spots,” she’d muttered, turning over a spoon in her hand, her eyes crossing as she scanned the sparkling surface. “Ms. Shaw is not going to have
“Ha ha,” Sherlock said without humor, but John laughed, head rolling to the side as the phone pressed warm against his ear.
“Well, it is perhaps…a difficult question.” She frowned, teeth pressing into her lip in thought. “I understand, as Greg has explained to me, that your primary means of determining compatibility is collecting data from personality tests and social media. But what I’m curious about is…the other part of it.” She leaned forward, tilting her head at him, a crease forming between her brow. “Greg told me you haven’t yet read any of the information we provided about my son and his prospective spouses, that you preferred to meet them first.”
With a sigh, he fell back onto his pillow, blinking up at the ceiling, but sleep did not come, his mind roaming, anxious and unfocused without John there to steady it. He thought about going somewhere, his legs restless with the couple days’ inactivity, but where would he go without John; where would be
“Hey, Coach,” he said, smiling stiffly, the panic in his muscles slowly easing.
“Right there,” John said, delicately placing a hand in a gap amongst the photos and papers so he could lean forward and point at the proper paragraph. “‘Gravin was arrested after new evidence was uncovered by the Metropolitan Police, who were informed of the woman’s possible involvement by an anonymous tip,’” John read, planting his other hand on the ground by Sherlock’s knee for better support. “You’re the anonymous tip!”
“Didn’t look like nothing to me,” she muttered, flicking her brows at him, but, before he could retort, the door opened, their professor striding in and calling the class to order by his presence.
John’s shoulders bobbed again. “So they speak,” he murmured around the lip of his scotch, a disbelieving
“Of course it’s by Pablo Neruda; his name’s on the bloody cover!”
when John shook his head. “Then”—he leaned forward, seltzer dangling from his pale fingertips as he braced his forearms on his thighs—“why are there no men in the princess- the files Greg put together?”
Sherlock tilted his head, looking up toward John’s eyes, though they were far away. “I’m sorry,” he whispered, and John turned down to him, smiling gently.
“Where are we going anyway?” John asked, jogging a little to keep up with Sherlock now.
“Like what?” John pressed, and Sherlock looked up to find him far too close, all blue eyes and tan skin and something that smelled faintly like sea spray.
“Sherlock knows too,” she added, and John’s teeth clenched at the knife-twist in his stomach. “He just- He needs a bit of time,” she assured, turning her face to smile at him. “He’ll come around.”
Sherlock’s brows folded together, but he nodded.
Still, that didn’t mean he was making him up.
“There you are,” Sherlock snapped, glaring down at him, but his expression quickly shifted to the familiar, concerned search.
“You’ve got pictures,” John reminded hopefully.
John lifted a hand to his mouth, stifling a laugh, biting his lip to temper the smile when the woman reentered the room, placing a large ceramic plate on the coffee table.
“Well, I couldn’t say
“No, no!” Alice wailed, tears streaming from her eyes. “I don’t know! Please, I don’t know!”
“Fine, I imagine,” Sherlock answered, turning his palm over in front of his face to examine the bandage. “It doesn’t hurt all that much, at least, but I haven’t looked at it.”
“Softer,” he remarked, presumably about the sheet, as one hand gripped the fabric and gave it a weak tug before his arm went limp again. He was still for several moments, breaths beginning to even out, and then he smacked his lips together, rousing again as he swallowed and twisted himself onto his back. From there he rolled onto his side, propping himself up on a wobbly elbow as he bent his body around in an attempt to reach his shoes.
“What?” he said automatically, understanding a second later. “Oh, um, sometimes. For groceries.”
“No, thanks,” Lestrade replied, while Sherlock merely rattled his head, and, a few steps and a creak later, John was gone out the door.
“Langley hasn’t lost to Sheffield in eight years, which, however illogical considering the players are constantly turning over, has a profound effect on the psyche. Coupled with the fact that their defense is crippled due to a player’s unfaithful girlfriend with an apparent penchant for the defensive line, Sheffield’s odds of being able to mount a successful attempt are, even with the wind conditions being in their favor, no more than 34%.”
“Oh,” John murmured, relaxing his arms to the mattress again. “Right… So why
Sherlock stopped just short of the corner of their corridor. “Oh.”
“The list of things we have to watch,” John replied, tapping his fingers over the electronic keyboard.
Sherlock’s lips twitched in a small smile, his eyes flicking up from the floor for a moment, and John’s lips lifted in response, the approval emboldening him enough to push on.
“You experimented,” John said, and the irony of the word being
“Obviously not, or I wouldn't be asking, would I?”
, John; it’s all about how old you
What had followed was their first and, to date, only fight, but it still managed to take top honors as the worst one of Sherlock’s life, and he’d lived under the same roof as
“Caaaaan you feeeel-” He was cut off by a shoulder brace to the back of the head
“Pick up men in libraries?” Sherlock offered, and Victor dropped his face, shaking his head at the welcome mat.
“What you said…about-about me staying with you-”
“People? What people?” he muttered, twisting his body to face John more directly.
Sherlock snorted, shaking his head at the horizon. “No,” he said pointedly. “Girlfriends are…not really my area.”
“Ever?”
“John?” she breathed, looking over the young boy’s frame. “John Watson, is that really you? You were barely up to my knees last I saw you!”
Moonlight caught in the facets of John’s glass in amber shards, his expression shadowed as he looked away from the light of the window, but his posture was stiff, voice tight with control as he shifted his weight between his feet.
“Still,” Mycroft continued, tapping his umbrella on the floor for emphasis, “it might be time to update your network security. I could send some of my people over, if you’d like.”
“I told you, he stole my wallet.”
It was late Wednesday night, so late that it was Thursday morning, and he’d given up on homework hours ago, his earlier worries about Conversation Hearts spinning his mind to distraction.
Sherlock looked up at him, raising an eyebrow. “Twice,” he informed, spinning the laptop on his thighs and holding it back up to John, all without breaking eye contact, “and corrected a split infinitive somewhere around the middle.”
“John,” he finally blurted, and the boy turned halfway back around, brows pulling together in inquiry. Sherlock’s mouth flapped soundlessly a moment, his fingers twitching awkwardly in the air in front of him in aborted hand gestures. “What- That thing you did- Before, the-the other thing,” he muttered, gesturing in the general direction of where the altercation had taken place. “That was- I, er-”
Mycroft narrowed his eyes, tugging his jacket tighter around his waist and looking expectantly at the back of the Lestrade’s head.
“What was that?” he asked, looking between John’s face and where his fingers were frozen on the front of the drawer.
“I-” Sherlock stammered, shakily releasing John’s arm from his grip, “I’m not so certain we should attend after all.”
“After that call you made last Friday?” Devon Warrick piped up, stepping forward to clap John’s shoulder, causing an uncomfortable twist in Sherlock’s stomach he promptly deleted. “You bet your ass we’re sure!”
John, for his part, only smiled against Sherlock’s mouth, and then, with painful deliberation, licked a slow wet stripe across Sherlock’s lower lip, the younger boy a trembling mess by the time he reached the opposite side.
“You should eat something,” John said, swallowing a bite of the cheese pizza he was carrying around on a paper plate.
They burst into synchronized laughter, John clutching his stomach and staggering a step back while Sherlock bent down to retrieve the stick, Bonny seeming to think better of offering it to him and snatching it back at the last second, trotting a few feet away before laying down to gnaw on the end.
“Oh,” Sherlock murmured, lifting his right hand, the brick-torn skin stinging slightly as the scabs stretched with the movement. “Nothing,” he replied, shaking his head. “Looks worse than it is.” He shrugged a shoulder, trying to abate the concern in John’s eyes, but the blond’s brow only further furrowed.
you late?” he asked, angling his body to talk to Sherlock over his shoulder as he poured the milk into a small silver pitcher used for steaming.
with me!” he gasped, giving it up with a grin as Sherlock only rolled his eyes.
The lift bobbed to a stop, the door opening with a mockingly cheery
Sherlock stared down at the message, fingers tapping anxiously at the edge of the screen.
“I’m quite certain I do,” Sherlock replied, slow and dangerous, and was rewarded with a slight flicker of indecision in Victor’s faltering grin.
“Well, he’d be foolish not to.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock didn’t reply, only narrowed his eyes, staring John down in that way he had that ripped right through every defense mechanism you thought you’d properly deployed.
He was going to hurt him, was halfway through planning out the escape that would leave the man with a well-deserved bloody nose when Anderson spoke again, softer now.
“I’ve been otherwise engaged,” he said stiffly, jerking his shoulders out of Victor’s loitering grasp. “Still am, I’m afraid, so-”
He swallowed, heart skipping erratically at the loathsome admission, but it was also freeing somehow, a weight lifted off his shoulders even as the one in his chest increased.
“You’re a
He was so caught up fighting between various options and absolute terror at the prospect of trying any of them, it startled him when Sherlock shifted beside him, his head snapping toward the dancer just in time to see the tail end of his shiver. Without a thought—thankfully, considering anything he’d had to think about probably would’ve taken at least another ten minutes to commit to—he sat up, handily stripping off his jacket and passing it to the boy. “Here,” he said, dropping it in Sherlock’s lap when the man opened his mouth to protest, and Sherlock’s hands instinctively caught it, expression unfathomable as his pale fingers shifted slowly against the blue fabric.
Sherlock smiled, lowering the phone to his chest a moment before tapping out a response.
! You’re going to remember it, so it should be somewhere special.”
“No,” Irene assured, her face in his periphery also turning toward Sherlock’s room. “I don’t know what he wants, not really, but I know he told Moran Sherlock wasn’t to be harmed. That’s why he got so mad at him for shooting, because he knew Moran thought you were Sherlock.”
“It hasn’t been played since… Well, it could use a day out,” John continued, and then, with a glance at Sherlock’s blood-bereft face, retreated. “Or you could use one of the others.” He pointed to a section of shelves to their left. “You wouldn’t be disturbed in here, but I could always get you a room down at the concert hall, if you’d prefer. Hell, I could get you the concert hall,” he said, his chuckle quivering as his words tumbled faster. “The National Orchestra is performing at the theater with
!”—he knew, no matter what no-doubt-grander oddities lay ahead, he’d never edit out a single word of it.
John tilted his head up and laughed, and something seemed to tumble in Sherlock’s chest at the alto sound.
“I think that went pretty well.”
“Oh, for the love of- You really don’t know it’s Valentine’s Day!?” Mary spouted, exasperated, and Sherlock startled, eyes widening at her ferocity.
“Oh. Alright,” Greg said, looking beyond him to sweep the center square. “How about I text you when I’m coming back down to the lobby? We can meet out here.”
“Oh, no, this-this isn’t mine,” he urged, lifting the book in the air. “I mean, obviously it’s not
A laugh hissed through John’s nose, and then Lestrade cleared his throat, calling the group to attention once more.
knee socks!” he accused, jabbing a finger at him, and John lifted his brows. “You can’t like me!” he practically ordered, and John looked at him then, really looked at him, the kind of look you just know is seeing things you meant to keep hidden. “You can’t, because- Because people like you…they don’t like people like me,” he muttered, shaking his head as John stepped closer, physically incapable of tearing his eyes away from the blue ones staring back at him. “They just don’t, and it’s fine, it’s just the way things are, but that doesn’t mean you can-” He broke off in a yelp as John reached him, and then kept going, pushing Sherlock backward. For a split second, he was sure he was going to fall, his feet fumbling out from beneath him, but then he felt one of the metal supports at his back, a shock of cold that pulled in a gasp of air just before John’s lips crushed against his.
“Did-Did he- Did you-” he stammered, swallowing hard enough to be audible. “What happened?”
right with my mind when they go jogging by.” She smirked over her shoulder, lifting her brows at him, and then burst into laughter as he shook his head with stern disapproval, waiting until she’d turned back to the wall before cracking a small smile himself.
When he reached the third floor, John burst out of the stairwell, his distraction not going to be of much help if they got to the bottom before Sherlock, but the layout of the floor was much sparser than he’d expected, and his heart thundered in his chest as he searched for a place to hide. All of his options equally terrible, John doubled back, crouching down in the shadow of a printer near the stairwell door, shuffling a stack of boxes to block himself from view just as Mr. Curtis broke out onto the floor.
men, Sherlock inadvertently meeting all of John’s partners, though usually only once. John had insisted on returning the favor all the same, however, and, when Sherlock had murmured that he couldn’t stay for their weekly ‘Dinner with the Doctor’ on account of having a date, he hadn’t let Sherlock leave without eliciting a promise that he’d get to meet the man if he made it past date three.
Sherlock looked between the pages and the man’s disheveled face a moment, a frown growing between his brows, but then he caught sight of a logo atop the cover sheet, and his mind fell quiet as his eyes blinked wide. With a faint tremble he quickly suppressed, he reached out, taking the bundle between his fingers as his eyes rolled over the crookedly scanned cover page of the preliminary autopsy report, nothing but the logo and Mr. Hooper’s signature staring back at him, and he suspected Anderson had included that page for his benefit, the faint outline of the generic body silhouette used to mark wounds showing through from the following leaf as it was.
“I don’t believe in coincidences,” he said firmly, and clearly not for the first time, but John only lifted a brow, frowning as he scanned the man’s face.
John chuckled to himself, sitting his suitcase on the bed and unzipping it. He pulled out his toiletry bag, making to throw the lid back over the remainder of his clothes and head downstairs, but then he paused, looking down at his crisply folded piles of shirts and trousers. John usually lived out of his suitcase whenever he visited anywhere. Even at his aunt’s, he kept everything together, ready to be zipped up and wheeled away at a moment’s notice. He had kept an overnight bag packed beneath his bed at home ever since he was 12, just in case his mother’s latest someone-who-called-him-‘buddy’ came back with her, and he had to stay at Mike’s.
John didn’t move, completely still as he allowed Sherlock to adjust to the full length of him, but Sherlock could feel the tension in his muscles, even his breathing tight with restraint. Still, though his fingers shook, he ran a gentle hand down Sherlock thigh, turning his chin to drop a splatter of kisses as low as he could stretch, and Sherlock closed his eyes, focusing on the warmth of John’s skin as he blew out a breath.
He wasn’t aware of his brain forming the words until they were there, falling from his lips in a weak whisper. He rounded on the skull, wide-eyed and frantic, but it couldn’t tell him where that had come from either.
“It sat on your desk for a week!”
“What am I supposed to do!?” Sherlock shouted for the second time that night, but this one hurt considerably more, his eyes already stinging. “I can’t just sit by and do nothing! And, if this is what it takes to save your life, then I-”
helped you! Why did you lie?”
“No.”
idea what you’re getting at.”
Sherlock’s eyes flashed to flint for a moment, and John’s skin prickled at the invasion. Dark brown eyebrows twitched together and apart in tiny pulses as Sherlock tilted his head just the smallest fraction, but it was enough for John to know he was being analyzed, and he couldn’t afford for Sherlock to see just how sincere his last statement was.
“I just wanted to call about what we were talking about earlier,” he replied, no idea why he was bothering to be cryptic when Sherlock wasn’t even in the room. Although, he wouldn’t put it past him to lurk outside the door.
Sherlock sighed, rolling his eyes, as if John should be able to read the question from his mind, and John sincerely hoped Sherlock didn’t have that ability. “Where are we?”
The man shrugged. “I don’t care. It’s not about what we took, it’s about why.”
Sherlock dragged in a breath, stretching his fingertips to brush John’s spine through the thin cotton, a wordless confirmation, and John slowly turned toward him, Sherlock pulling his hand back to bridge over the pillow gap between them.
Sherlock sneered unseen at him.
John flicked back a wave and then adjusted his bag on his shoulder, momentarily having forgotten that he was the one meant to be leaving. “Well, Mike, I think the show’s gonna start at around- What?”
John didn’t say anything, slurping at his tea and staring aimlessly into the flames, or so it would have appeared to most people, but Sherlock caught the glances darting out of the corners of his eyes, a silent curiosity he knew John would never press, and knowing he didn’t have to talk about it was the deciding factor in opening his mouth.
Sherlock shrugged, slipping his hands into the pockets of his trench. “You were the obvious choice, even aside from the fact that you took over the position of the previous captain.”
“What?” he muttered, but Molly barged ahead.
“Sherlock, please.”
, and my email address is prettysherlocksoldier@gmail.com. Please don't hesitate to talk to me about anything, ask me any questions, send me any of your stuff you want help with, or whatever!
Sherlock blinked into her hair, hands hovering awkwardly over her back as he used the time she was trying to suffocate him to scan over the group.
He bit his lip, fingers tapping erratically at his knee as he pretended not to be staring at the screen, and then lunged forward when it lit up, nearly losing his balance and toppling into the pile of sweets as he opened the reply.
“She’s just lost her sister, Sherlock!” John countered, and, judging by the muscles straining in his neck, he would be shouting if the situation allowed for it. “And you heard Lestrade. He doesn’t think she had anything to do with the murder!”
“There are things you don’t know!?” John said with mock disbelief, mouth stretching wide as his eyes popped, but he quickly broke into a smile as Sherlock sneered, jabbing him lightly in the ribs. John chuckled, shaking his head to the ceiling, and then shrugged, trying to primarily shift his right shoulder instead of the one Sherlock was attached to. “There isn’t much you don’t know,” he admitted, blinking up at the plaster as he racked his brain. “I’m afraid of snakes,” he offered, but Sherlock shook his head.
fault Jabez actually bought that whole ‘Red-Headed League’ lark.”
“This way,” Sherlock said as they reached the hallway, giving the strap of John’s shoulder bag a guiding tug to the right.
“Sherlock?” Molly asked for his attention, and he cast a glance over to her as he blinked. She smiled shyly. “Sherlock, do you want to stop? We don’t have to run lines today.”
Sherlock nodded, no doubt having already known, and John sighed down at the screen, pinching at the bridge of his nose. “What?” Sherlock asked, and John turned to him, ready to get back to him being the one getting answers, but there was something in Sherlock’s eyes that stalled his tongue, a hard stubbornness that told him he wasn’t getting anywhere with that right now.
That night, Sherlock slept in the lab again.
that upper lip, seriously?
It was an anticlimactic start to say the least, a large man at the door stopping him with a hand levelled at his chest. “ID,” he said blandly, and Sherlock turned up to him, mouth opening in affront.
He was a mess, a disaster, a live-action apocalypse, and then, inconceivably, he got
“Tony?”
more cases than you’ve even
“Lestrade?” Sherlock asked hopefully, popping the remaining waffle in his mouth and setting the plate on the floor beside his bed.
John sighed, hanging his head as he pinched at the bridge of his nose. With a gathering breath, he straightened, climbing the stairs and closing his own door. He didn’t bother going down to the bathroom to brush his teeth—they’d be up soon enough anyway—and simply changing into pajamas before crawling under the duvet.
No, this was nowhere near perfect. This was messy and confused, and maybe a little bit more damp than it ought to have been, and Sherlock didn’t seem to have any idea what to do with his hands, and their teeth clicked here and there, and lips slipped off to more cheek than anything, and the detective hadn’t figured out how to regulate his breathing and frequently had to break off to gasp in unhealthily ragged heaves, but none of it mattered. It was unpracticed, rough and too soft at alternating intervals, and it was the best kiss of John’s life, because it tasted of the mint tea Mrs. Hudson had forced on Sherlock before he left—an attempt to curb his caffeine consumption that the coffeemaker in the corner was most certainly going to undo—it was in an incident room of Scotland Yard, surrounded by boxes of grisly crime scene photos that he was going to put out of his mind now, and, paramount, it was with Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock sighed, rolling his head back to the ceiling as he sat on the rug in front of where John was leaning against an armchair. “Your rhythm is appalling; yes, we have to do this,” he muttered, looking back to the paperback in his lap.
“Nice to meet you,” John said, but tilted his head, a shallow crease of thought forming between his brows. “Ya know, you look very familiar,” he said, waving a finger at Greg, who laughed.
Sherlock’s shoulders slumped. “John,” he muttered, unamused, but the blond only shook his head, a wistful look in his unfocused eyes.
The skull seemed to concur that this was terribly selfish of John.
John shuffled a step closer. “Well, right now her name’s Cinnamon, but that
Sherlock whipped his head around, heart flipping with equal parts terror and excitement as he scanned the crowd. It took but a blink to find him, blond hair glinting above a royal blue rugby jacket as John turned around, walking away from him across the scant outdoor cafeteria seating to meet his beckoning friend. His eyes lingered on John’s back a moment, watching as the man leaned down between two of his friends to snag a chip off one of their trays, and then turned back to Irene, hair instantly rising on the back of his neck as he met her calculating gaze. “What?” he muttered, but the woman did not reply, looking at him a long moment before her eyes glanced toward the rugby captain.
They stood there in silence for a moment, John’s fingers scraping against his palm in anxiety.
“I suppose I’ll see you quite often, then,” she said brightly.
Sherlock nodded, turning his back to them again as he crossed to the sink. “To answer your question,” he said, turning on the water with his clean hand, fingers flicking through the stream as he tested it for warmth, “John’s not here.”
Sherlock sneered at him, unamused, and John sucked his lips around a smug grin. “Yes,” the brunette snapped. “Plenty. Only one malfunctioned.”
“I’m gonna let you in, and then run into Speedy’s, alright?” John explained, and Sherlock nodded, not trusting his mouth to open and let out only words at the moment. “Jesus,” John muttered, shaking his head as they climbed the steps to the door, “what was
“Maybe he’s faking. Ask John, he’s on the team with him.”
John hummed in reply, lowering his mug back to the table. “Did you know the dark roasts actually have less caffeine?” he said, the abrupt shift rattling Sherlock from his anxiety spiral, and he lifted his face with a frown. “Well, it depends on how it’s measured,” John continued, shrugging a shoulder, “but, if you’re using a scoop rather than weight, which pretty much everyone does, you get fewer dark beans per scoop because they’re larger. So, you get less caffeine.”
“And then what?” John muttered. “I act absolutely
“No,” she huffed. “Emily Harrison is
“Did you tell him that?” Mike asked, bending to sit down on the edge of the bed. “About you sleeping past noon?”
John smiled, chuckling softly at the look of complete befuddlement on the man’s face. “Well, don’t have an identity crisis,” he teased, and Sherlock sneered, the expression turning into a smile as he returned to pushing at his food. “You can’t expect to know everything.”
“You should be,” Sherlock huffed. “Can you imagine how expensive it would be to ship your torso?”
He looked back to the clock again, finding yet another minute had rolled past him, and finally sat up, bending his knees to brace his elbows as he pushed his fingers back through his hair.
“That doesn’t count,” Sherlock argued, leaning over the armrest to see John rinsing his cup in the sink. “I didn’t get it for you.”
John smiled down at his feet as they began climbing the stairs. “Perhaps we should get him a cat for Christmas,” he quipped.
John was going to insist that it was nice all the same, but Sherlock fluttered away, leaving the laboratory with a bang of wood on plaster. “You’re gonna put a hole in the wall one of these days,” John chided, pulling the door away from its victim and running his hand along the impact cracks in the paint.
“Think she’d be a good reference?” he asked. “Normally we wait until we’ve called them before signing off, but I’d rather not split you two up if I don’t have to.” He smiled at Bonny, who tipped her head at him, glancing to Sherlock as if asking him to translate.
John was bright red at his side, deprived of oxygen from laughing for so long, but it was Mrs. Watson’s snicker that drew everyone’s attention, the entire table turning to find the woman covering her mouth with a napkin.
When John was 12, he got into his first fight. It was during lunch, and the students were all outside in the spring sunshine when Henry Moore and a small group of other boys from the year above him approached, jeering about someone’s father’s cousin or something seeing his mum out at the pub the night before. John had lunged at him, and, in spite of his smaller stature and being grossly outnumbered, he did get a few, good hits in before one of the boys landed a crippling blow to his stomach, sending him staggering backward with a rush of forced air.
“I’LL TAKE CARE OF IT!”
“What does that even mean?” Sherlock interjected, wrenching his hand away. “Since when are mythological creatures synonyms for sexual orientations? And why am
“Yes,” John whispered, and Sherlock closed his eyes, savoring the warmth that spilled out over his chest, “but I- I didn’t- It wasn’t supposed to be like that.” He shook his head, chin rustling through Sherlock’s hair as his hand stroked softly up and down his spine. “I-I shouldn’t’ve- We can just-”
He will then pretend to be embarrassed as John tells the story at the housewarming party, adamantly refusing to confirm he was blushing
“Why not?” Sherlock asked, watching a swallow move down the man’s throat.
“Sherlock,” John hissed reproachfully, but Lestrade backed him up, folding his arms and affecting a stern expression.
“It’s not the same thing! The Temptations are a perfectly respectable-”
“I was right about that.”
“What?” the man laughed, shrugging his shoulders. “It’s true! You were
“I just know, alright?” Sherlock snapped, pinching at the bridge of his nose, and, though he hadn’t said it, he could feel Molly knowing anyway in the taut silence.
“No, it’s fine,” he assured, swallowing down the suspicion rising bitter in his throat. “I have to get changed anyway.” He attempted a frail smile, a paltry effort Sherlock didn’t even bother returning, and snatched his clothes up off his bed, moving out into the corridor, the sharp bark of Sherlock’s greeting passing through the door just before he clicked it closed.
,” she assured, swaying him side to side for emphasis. “We’ll eat, we’ll drink, we’ll dance—”
“-and we realized they were the same idiot gay friends,” Molly concluded, whirling her hands in a culminating gesture between them. “She told me you’d written the secret admirer note, I told her you had no idea John had written the secret admirer note, and that’s when we came up with the whole poem thing,” she elaborated with a shrug of her shoulders. “And why she encouraged you to ask Sherlock to the party.”
much luck on Jeanette-”
“Fine,” John sniffed, chin lifting as he moved the cursor toward ‘Post’. “And who cares if they believe it anyway?
“You know it’s not biologically possible that the mere sensory input of-”
me to read it to you?”
She also pointed at a lot of doors, denoting them as these quarters or those quarters, an entire half of the second floor hidden behind an ornate wooden door and dismissed as “The queen’s wing”, and Sherlock assumed that was the forbidden wing of this particular castle in the woods. The third floor was devoted to guests and the prince and princess, the latter duo taking up the far ends while the guest rooms filled up the middle, Mrs. Hudson walking him almost all the way to the end, the second to last door before the remainder of the corridor was walled off with another elaborately carved door.
“I dunno,” he answered, lifting his head, and John dutifully moved his arm, stretching it out for Sherlock to pillow his cheek on the bicep, “something I don’t know.”
“I- John invited me to a…thing Friday night,” he replied, pausing in his pacing to pluck at the frayed binding of one of the Cs.
He nodded again. “Yeah, I got it.”
doing here?” he snapped, folding his arms and glaring at her back as Sherlock quietly closed the door behind him.
They had to talk. He’d put it off as long as he could, and now, though he was still woefully unprepared, he was also out of excuses.
If only to save John from his obvious misery—and it
“When Alice signs into her email account, even though John is going to be a gentleman and move to the opposite side of the screen as she types her password”—he waved a hand at the window, where John was stepping back and turning his face to the ceiling—“it will be sent to my phone. That way, anything she doesn’t tell us, we can access, as well as whatever other information is stored in her email account—passwords to other sites, confirmations for hotels, plane tickets, anything like that.”
“I wasn’t going to say Scooby!”
“You’re getting pulled in by him,” she said, and, as John’s teeth clenched, he realized how annoying that tone was coming from someone other than Sherlock. “Don’t. He’s dangerous, John. He’s not like us. He’s…wrong.”
demeanor,” he snipped, narrowing his eyes, and the man frowned, somehow seeming surprised at the reaction. “If you’ll excuse me,” he muttered, starting around the man, but the stranger stepped into his path, holding out an arm to halt him.
Panicked, he spun around, bursting through the employee’s only door to find Molly returning from out back, a small shout startled from her at his sudden appearance.
“Hmm?” he hummed, blinking back toward his forgotten companion. “Sorry, what were you saying?” he asked, and he genuinely did feel a little contrite about it. Molly was doing her best, after all, and he knew he was likely trying her patience.
“Oh, just wear the grey one!” Sherlock blustered, flipping at a sleeve. “That’s the one you wanted in the first place, and you know you’re going to go back to it eventually.”
“What?” he muttered, but the girl only rolled her eyes, tugging closed the bin bag in her hand before heading through the back room toward the dumpsters in the alley. John rattled his head, women eternally beyond his understanding, and then moved to the sink, carrying the blender with him to rinse out the icy remains.
“And,” Mycroft continued, gaze shifting to John, “I also needed to discuss something with Mr. Watson.”
“Everything I will ever need, yes,” Sherlock finished, and the woman shook her head at him, smiling fondly as she crossed the room.
“Sorry, Inspector, but I really have to run,” he said, blinking impassively. “Maddie just stole a minibus so Bart and Esther can stop the double wedding, and I simply won’t be able to get
A brisk gust of wind whipped down from the rooftops, rustling the large red bow adorning the nearest lamppost, and Sherlock closed his eyes, breathing in the sharp air that whispered a promise of snow.
“Go to sleep, John,” he whispered, moving toward the door, and, as if he’d been waiting for permission, John’s eyelids fluttered closed.
Slowly, but growing in fortitude, he nodded. “Yeah,” he answered, looking back out the window as the driver came to a stop. “Yeah, I know,” he added, and placed his fingers on the handle, pausing for a steadying breath before pushing out into the winter sunlight, confident in nothing but Sherlock at his back.
Smoothing the plastic, he located the object held within, a small silver medallion on a delicate chain, and held it up to the light, squinting at the antiqued image pressed into the polished surface.
John watched Sherlock for a moment, assuming he would explain what it was exactly they were doing, but the boy was busily tapping away at his phone, his forehead furrowed in deep concentration. John turned out to the street, leaning close to peer out the window, trying to pay attention. This was the town that the college was in, after all; he’d be spending a lot of time here. There wasn’t much to hold his attention, however.
John avoided his eyes, tugging the cuff of his jacket back down his wrist. “Wonderful,” he snipped, spinning toward the door. “Well, let’s get this over with. I assume we’re going to some ludicrously expensive restaurant downtown?” he directed to Sherlock, sighing when Sherlock frowned. “Lord Chaplin has…distinguished tastes,” he muttered in explanation. “Especially when he’s not paying.”
John chuckled, breathy and feigned. “Why? It’s not your fault.”
Sherlock smiled, his heart breaking not even an adequate analogy anymore, the feeling more akin to every rib splintering up through his skin.
His hair was plastered to his forehead in some places, starting to frizz as it dried in others, and his clothes were hanging off his limbs, giving him a shrunken appearance eerily similar to his year 10 school photo. He looked even paler than usual, though the fluorescent lights weren’t doing him any favors, the dark circles beneath his eyes showcasing every second of his sleepless night, but a different kind of tired seeped suddenly into his bones, and he sighed, turning away from the mirror and beginning the arduous task of peeling away his wet clothes.
“Lucky you,” he replied, carefully keeping his eyes averted as he held out the first bag, Sherlock shaking a healthy helping of popcorn inside before John rolled it closed and moved on to the next, dropping the finished bags into the box one by one. “What’s your experiment about?” he asked—part curiosity, part fishing—but Sherlock wrinkled his nose with a distaste that seemed genuine enough.
Just a few hours of sleep to clear his mind, sort out what he wanted to say, that would be all he needed, and he pulled the duvet up over his ear, wriggling his cheek deep into the down pillow as he considered just how much Mrs. Hudson would overcook the beef today, but, four hours later, when she tottered up the stairs, platter and ‘yoo-hoo!’s in tow, he didn’t hear a sound.
“Okay,” Molly agreed, a rustle coming across the line as the phone moved against her nodding head. “Okay, but, Sherlock?”
Sherlock nodded. “Mm, similar to your leg.” He turned toward the kitchen and clicked on the kettle while he poked at some fat furry worms wiggling around a tub of dirt and decomposing carcasses.
They went into the surprisingly empty hospital. He didn’t see any nurses at all. “What is this place?”
“Oh, these looks great, Mrs. Hudson.” John said as he eyed a lightly buttered orange zest scone that looked heavenly. “Thank you very much. I was just having some tea. Would you like to join me?”
John’s heart pounded against his ears and he looked at the egg again. His eyes widened.
“These men think I have it. The one that was stolen.” Sherlock said as he began to walk back toward the flat, meaning that John had to limp quickly after him to catch up. “But what is so special about this watch, John? That is the question!”
Sherlock blinked and then looked up at John, his expression changing into one of interest. John was panting and the rush of blood to all his limbs turned him into a light shade of pink from his face to his hands.
I just realized how long it's been since I've updated. Oof. 2019 was hot garbage, y'all.
Sherlock turned his head to look at John. “Is there a reason you’re still standing there, then?”
“Don’t bother John. Stop.” Sherlock said weakily. John continued to crank. “Damn it, John, come
“John.” John turned to look at him and noticed Sherlock’s chest rising and falling rapidly.
John breathed in. “Sherlock,
John stood there, momentarily dumbfounded, then glanced up when a low steam balloon sputtered by, making obscene, flatulent noises from its old engine. Then he took a deep breath and began to hobble after Sherlock’s retreating figure, his heart suddenly beating fast with a surge of excitement.
John made his way slowly down the steps. Everything was dark except the small lamp near the couch. There, John saw Sherlock lying down with his eyes closed. John walked carefully to the door to not wake him.
“We need to get you to hospital. I’ll call an ambulance.” John ran to the telephone and cranked it a few times, making the innards of the phone light up.
“Yes, I thought as much.” The man said cooly.
He woke up to a sweet, high pitched sound.  He opened his eyes a little, the blur of the world slowly starting to come into focus. Early morning sunshine poured through the opened curtains of the living room and dust floated gently in the beams of light. He smiled softly, not wanting to move. But then he felt the huge crick in his neck as he became more aware of his body. He realized he was still on the floor and that’s when he whipped his head back to look at the couch, but the detective was gone. John blinked hard and looked up to the source of the music that had begun to play in earnest.
he gotten himself into.
“Oh, don’t fuss. It’s nothing. Just a miscalculation on my part. I hate it when that happens. Which is rare, mind you.” Sherlock said in between ragged breaths.
“Let me see it.” John said and then cleared his throat when Sherlock looked at him sharply. “I mean, Mr. Holmes, I would like to see it to make sure there won’t be an infection or too much scarring.”
He quickly went over and helped Sherlock sit up to drink the medicine. It would take a few minutes to kick in. John went back to his kit and brought it closer. Sherlock let him manhandle him as he took off his blouse. John was gentle but efficient as he washed the wound and wrapped it in clean gauze.  Sherlock kept his eyes closed the entire time and said nothing. After a few minutes, Sherlock’s breathing evened out and he drifted off to sleep, the strong antidote taking affect. John lowered him slowly to lie down. He placed a blanket over him and, exhausted, sank to sit on a cushion on the ground. He sighed deeply. This day
The larger man turned fully to face John and ran at him, just as the skinny one lunged at Sherlock. John stepped to the side quickly to dodge him but the man shot out his hand and caught John’s arm in a vice grip. And suddenly, John felt his lungs expand fuller and his blood flow easier and calmer, and he felt almost
cheap, but he hadn’t dared question it.
.” He said as calmly as he could without frightening the boy.
Before he could even think, John dashed down the stairs. Just as he reached the last step, Sherlock shouted. “STOP!”
“Does it hurt?” Sherlock asked as he watched John stretch and loosen his aching limbs.
“A detective? You’re police?” John had looked at Sherlock with a dubious eye. He didn’t look like he was with Scotland Yard.
The little boy trembled violently before collapsing to his knees, the remainder of the egg falling from his hands and breaking apart in a heap of springs, gears, and metal.
John hobbled over and looked over Sherlock’s shoulder. The paper had their – John and Sherlock’s – address and nothing more. It struck John then that he had not, until that point, bothered asking what was going on, who these men were, or why someone had just tried to gas their flat. He was halfway to forming a word when Sherlock stood up in a swirl causing John to stand back slightly. Sherlock titled his head at him. “Tell me, John. What do you know about watches?”
“Yes.” Sherlock said casually but with a tone that definitely suggested that that was irrelevant.
“You’ll see.” David smiled and John thought he had imagined that it looked slightly mischievous.
John quickly stood to shake her hand and do an awkward little bow. “Yes, madam. My name is John Watson.  I am Mr. Holmes’ new flatmate.”
Sherlock was worried. Really worried. He was genuinely surprised when Mike came to ask him if he knew anything. Mike seemed to know that he and John had been speaking at least.
kill myself. But it was
A man in round glasses and a moustache is arguing back and forth with Sherlock, and John rushes over to kneel down beside the dog and pet Susi’s head to calm her, the poor little thing seeming a bit scared and nervous. She’s excited to see John, though. He grabs out his phone and calls Elias at once, giving him the good news.
“So, payment then…well I assume you’re happy with the usual payment plan then?” James said, as he closed the door to the stall and started undoing his belt.
Without paying attention, he turns back to the shelf to grab a can of beans, only his hand touches another hand instead, the other customer also grabbing for the same can at that exact moment. They both pull back in shock.
John noted the man was incredibly overdressed for a visit to the Academy. A three-piece suit so well cut it was clear he was from money – probably worked for Government or Parliament. The gold fob chain on his vest was a touch too far, and John was sure he had never seen anyone dress quite like this – at least not up close, not in person.
As they followed Lestrade down a corridor, the blinds of the first room were turned just enough to take in the young woman in the room, her back to the window. Donovan was sitting facing them talking to her, the woman sobbing into her hands at a table, a box of tissues between them. The woman was petite with blonde curly hair, just like the little girl.
For a while, he watches the lights of the city out of the small window, before it gives way to more darkness, rural roads getting narrower and narrower. The woman doesn’t speak, but she has a love for cheesy 80’s rock ballads and Sherlock’s hands curl around his thighs, gripping hard.
” Sherlock scolded him.
John sighed heavily. “My dad has been posted somewhere new. I’m going to have to move on to a new school
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh, give it a try!” she cajoled, waving a hand, and John looked pleadingly to Sherlock again, but only received a sympathetic grimace in return. “I wish I knew hoooooow”—she turned back to John, who looked to be contemplating if the car was moving too fast to bail out—“to breeeeak the spell.”
,” she snipped, and Sherlock sighed at the lie. “I just thought we were a bit more than acquaintances.”
“Oh, good, I’m not the only one who’s late.”
“Don’t,” she interjected, raising a palm and looking a little more normal. “You’re not sorry, and I don’t need your pity.”
“So,” he muttered, clearing his throat as Sherlock turned expectantly, “what do you think of our city so far?”
Half a dozen answers flashed through Sherlock’s mind, but he knew his mouth would never consent to form any of them. “Now…I don’t find company quite so intolerable,” he answered softly.
Sherlock huffed a laugh, shaking his head as he paced in front of the building.
“No.”
He wanted to tell John he forgave him, that he’d be fine avoiding birthdays and graduations and Valentine’s Days, that he’d take whatever scraps and crumbs tumbled off the table into his pleading hands. He wanted to be able to be what John wanted, to be content with what John could give, to be the cold, aloof man most people perceived him to be and just not give a damn, but he wasn’t and he couldn’t and he did, and he couldn’t keep pretending otherwise. It would never be enough. No matter how much he wanted it to be, no matter how much he stretched and bent and compromised, it would inevitably reach a breaking point, reach
“You’re one to-”
“That’s hardly enough to get you on his list,” Sherlock assured, shaking his head. “Although I would expect him to be surveilling you, so try to avoid doing anything particularly humiliating in front of a camera.”
John smiled, the small, fond smile reserved just for when he wasn’t fooled by Sherlock trying to be an ass. “That depends,” he said with faux hesitation, tilting his head. “Do you have a sock index there too?”
“Well, don’t sound so
“Besides,
“Well, I don’t need anything,” he said, shaking his head, the collar of his purple shirt shifting against his ivory skin as he moved. “Not until he gets here, anyway,” the man added, looking once again to the opposite chair, and John’s stomach twisted slightly at the reminder.
“I suppose that’s not really your type of story, is it?” Mary chuckled.
“I’ll see ya in a bit,” he promised, half turning back down the corridor, and Sherlock, mildly delayed, nodded.
“Don’t!” his father exploded, stepping forward, but Sherlock stood his ground, fingers trembling only faintly where they hung at his side. “Don’t you
The room didn’t actually fall silent at their entrance, no one even turning, as far as Sherlock could tell, but it felt like walking with a followspot, hair lifting on the back of his neck as he made his way quickly around the outskirts of the crowd, slowing once his family was in view.
Sherlock opened his mouth, then closed it, temporarily thinking better of the comment, and then opened it again, blurting the words out before he lost his nerve. “It’s the only way!”
“Hmm?” John turned, meeting Mike’s gaze where the boy sat beside him. “Oh, yeah,” he answered, summoning a smile. “Just thinking.”
“Because you’re you!” Sherlock spouted, and John blinked, staggering back a step in alarm. Sherlock panted in ragged gasps, his vision blurring as he waved a hand out at the blond. “Because-Because you enjoy dissection days, and color-code your notes, and bite your lip when you’re thinking, and play rugby in fucking
