It’s a week later and Tony’s in the lab working with Friday when she interrupts his virtual reality simulation with news. Standing in the middle of the lab, he wears his interface gloves and his virtual reality goggles as he renders the third draft of the implant and that’s just today. He can’t get the biochemistry right. He’s not a biochemist. He might need to call in an old friend on this one and he hates to do that – Bruce is researching in the field right now, off in India or Africa to trying to save the world. But the fact remains that Strange is right, the implant causes minute disruptions of the pressure in the blood vessels in his brain, which leads to the circulation in capillaries to be stressed – and that only results in plaques forming as the capillaries bruise. Microscopic injuries could lead to a catastrophic failure and a major stroke.
“I’m army and I’m on the ground. We have air defenses of Falcon, Thor, and you. That’s good enough for me.”
“Must have been terrible,” Tony says and his words gentle Steve’s throbbing nerves. “You can mourn, Steve.”
“He couldn’t get back. We only had enough for one trip. He’d used the rest on his journey to return all the stones. We only had the particles I carried.” She glances at the platform again. “He was going to get more. He told me to come back – said he would see me in a minute. He could get more he said.”
“If people had minded their own business it wouldn’t be bad. How many people know about it?” Steve asks. “Ross?”
“Maybe it would be better, you know. Wouldn’t have all the stress anymore.” Bruce stifled an awkward sounding laugh. “Though eating someone’s brains sure doesn’t sound any better.”
He falls asleep like that, groggy with tears. When he wakes it’s too early, the sun is just creeping out over the of the edge of the city. Tony glances at the daylight glinting off the girders of New York City. A sleeping giant of metal and steel. He hangs at the window, staring down at his city. He shouldn’t have stayed. He should have gone back to California. But instead, he ended up here with Steve.
“You got it.” Steve works efficiently. His unit always like when they weren’t deployed, and he would have them over to his apartment. He’d always put together a slew of different subs and finger foods. “Any fruit. Apples? Oranges?”
“Before we get started, does anyone want to get out?” He always was a little punky when it came to brawls. Rollins twisted around, shock stick already out and charged; he lunged forward as the mass of muscle surged to take Steve out. The batons crackled.
He sighs. This is going to have to go the hard way. Tony’s not opposed to doing this the hard way. After all, he’s a prime alpha; he has every right to beat and rape the man – and then slit his throat if he so choses. No one would question him. Still, he’s going to be bound to this man for the rest of his life.
Steve found himself staring at the door and then he shuffled over to the window again. Sinking down onto the floor crosslegged, he focused on the lush green vegetation, the denseness of the jungle and the sprawling city beyond it. He sat. He stared. But all he saw was the inside of a dark cell. All he felt were their hands on him.
“So you’re arresting me?” Steve states. He’s not surprised but sadness overcomes him. It isn’t like he should be disappointed. Even though Tony might love him, animosity remains a tough emotion to reconcile.
“The Steve Rogers you knew didn’t lose you and Tony,” he whispers in return. He’s no longer hungry. Maybe having his memories back isn’t a blessing after all.
“Steve, you’re both oversimplifying it and making it too complex. If two consenting adults want to explore who they are together – that’s okay. There’s nothing wrong with it,” Natasha said. “I’m not saying it’s a good idea to do whatever you like. There are limits to everything, like you said. But the truth is maybe your generation was a little too limited, too constrained. But even then if two men liked one another, wanted to be with one another do you really think they let society’s mores change that? If you restrict yourself, how will you know what you can attain? Who you are? If you’re limited in what you can do or see, you might just not see the stars or ever reach them.” She fell silent as the words penetrated.
"Oh you know all about him already, dear." She looks away. Her hand quakes as she goes to close the laptop. "Everything that's fit to print."
Giving a short breath, Bucky readies his rifle and thumbs a grenade from his back pouch. He sneaks into the corridor. It's an old stone hall with cables and wires running along the rock face.
“We’ll transfer you and your companion from the helicopter to the private jet. I am working on a flight plan now.”
Steve falls silent as Tony grabs another of the containers in the picnic basket. He opens it to find brownies. Happy knows him too well. He plucks one out and bites into it. Steve huffs at him.
In the afternoon, two weeks after he’d gotten home from the hospital and said good bye to both Natasha and Fury, Steve sat in his apartment with the dossier spread out before him and Sam sitting at his laptop reviewing the evidence.
“Nat can meet you there, you might need help,” Clint says. “I would go but someone has to hang here with Bucky. He’s very volatile right now. We can’t loose him on the streets.”
“Can he dig into our memories, or is it just active thought?” Steve says and tries to sit up further. He’s thwarted for his efforts by a shock of pain through him.  Lost in thought, Tony only shakes his head at Steve’s query. “We have to plan, Tony. We can’t-.”
“There’s a footpath to the north shore of the island. Nice cliffs to the ocean,” Tony says. He doesn’t mention how it might be a good view as well, and Steve keeps quiet about it.
Tony soaks it in, one hand to his chest and the other gesturing for everyone to please take their seats.  He blows kisses to the throng and winks at the paparazzi. The standing ovation lasts for long minutes and by the time everyone takes their seats, the energy in the room is palpable.  Everyone retakes their seats.
It made no sense to Tony how it happened or what exactly took place, but he abruptly looked around to see the hospital room in the Tower transformed to a 1930s hospital ward again. So much like the one Tony was just in that he expected to see Steve hunched over his mother’s bed again. But it wasn’t Steve’s mother – not this time.
“Is it this?” Steve says and sniffles because it is cold and his whole body shivers against the wind as it hits him full force. He tumbles down to the ground next to Tony and sets the battery to the side. “Wires? Do I need wires?” He needs something to connect it up but then Tony’s hand flails and grasps onto Steve’s coat.
Rhodey appears from around the corner and halts when he sees him. “I know that look. You’re on the warpath. What’s going on?”
“Yes.” He stops short of telling her anything else. “If you could just place the beer on the floor.”
is. “Sometimes when I think of being in space, you know, up there.” He points to the ceiling of the deli. He’s aware that all of the patrons are watching them, that standing next to the booth, frozen like this is probably being recorded and live-streamed even as he continues. “With the nuke on my back, it all comes back. The feeling of loss and the feeling like a thousand tendrils like snakes are crawling all over me, swallowing me up.”
“We nearly lost you. You can’t go back in. We had to use the paddles to get your heart to beat regularly.” Her expression is stern but not unkind. “You could have died.”
“It’s more complicated than that. The soul mark, the whole thing, it opened my eyes to what I was denying-.” Steve said and suddenly he was standing, clothed in his Captain America uniform except his helmet was gone, his shield not there, and they were in the Helicarrier all over again. His face swelled with the beating he’d taken, and he felt the ache of the bullet wounds to his belly. “Bucky, please.”
Clint actually laughs. “You gonna get your sorry ass better before you worry about us. We can do without for a day.”
Natasha takes pity on him. “Don’t go there, Steve. You’ll do fine. Most of the time you just need to sit there and look pretty – that’s all.”
“Yeah, I guess we do.” Steve watches the restlessness of his friend. He wonders why Bucky never told him, how Clint never whispered a word. They’re friends, good friends, but in competition for one woman, that could destroy someone, could destroy a lot of people. “I’m sorry, for what it’s worth.” You can’t really chose who you love, he understands that in the hollows of his bones.
Sometime later he blinks crusty eyes awake and stares up at Tony who’s leaning over him with a furrowed brow. Steve rubs at his eyes to focus and Tony backs away a little before he asks, “Have you been out here all night?”
Steve licked his lips. His mouth was dry and the thirst from the anemia nearly drove him crazy. He nodded.
Sam groans. “Well, Captain, I have to go.” He slips out of the bed. “I don’t know there’s something different about you.”
Natasha turned around and eyed him when he walked into the living space. She was having a pajama day as she liked to call it. Wearing thick fleece pajama bottoms with Star Wars characters patterned all over them and an oversized sweat shirt, she had a bowl of strawberries on her lap and she smiled at him as he plopped down on the opposite side of the couch.
They had all looked to Steve. Every single person turned to silently ask him should they believe Tony, should they trust him after all Ultron had been Tony’s (and Bruce’s) creation. Even Vision had turned away from his creator and questioned Steve without speaking at all.
After the conversation dies down and the lightning bugs flicker over the long fields of the compound, rising up to the Spring tree tops, the members of the Avengers drift away until only Steve and Tony are left.
Steve suppressed the urge to whip out his Captain America voice and lecture Bruce, especially since he didn’t know what or how to do any of this. He swallowed down his qualms and nodded.
“Probably not, but I could be cast down, cast to Hell and you would be doomed and I can’t do that to you, Tony. I can’t, you mean too much to me,” Steve says and realizes how very stupid, how very close he’d come to condemning Tony forever. “I can’t have Pierce, or the Red Skull or anyone get their hands on you.”
Before Steve knows it, the guards have moved them into the back entrance to the ballroom and they stumble right into Christine Everhart’s path. The entourage stops.
Bucky stands up and pauses before he departs. He rounds the desk and hangs there, hesitating. Finally, he says, “Steve, you got a lot going for you. There are other fish you know, in the cosmos or whatever.”
For a second Steve thinks they might protest listening to him, but they reconsider when Pepper motions for them to get to it. She looks to Steve and says, “Get him out of here. I have to handle this.”
Bruce hugged his arms around his torso and shook his head. “Just don’t talk about it. Okay. This whole thing is designed to stress me out.” He snorted a little and Tony snapped his attention to the road. It would take most of the night to get to the safe house, so he focused on that while at the same time eyeing Bruce every now and then to check his status.
Steve thinks and jolts himself out of a stupor of misunderstanding before he says, “I walked out to see if you were around and the closet disappeared.”
Steve snaps his attention to Tony. There are tears in his eyes. “I was stupid, okay? I got attached. I shouldn’t have. Now – damn it. Maybe I can meet Rumlow again. Get him to deal.”
Tony beams at Steve, all too willing to forget Steve’s past transgressions. A wave of guilty shame washes over Steve and he grits his teeth. All the emotions crossing paths in his brain hurt and he needs a moment to get himself together.
Something hot and painful stabs him in the chest and the thought of a family, of somewhere to lie his head at night that he doesn’t have to worry about waking to find his soul rotten within feels blissful and hopeful. He shouldn’t feel that way in the midst of demons.
Silence falls between them, a deep and wholly unnatural thing. After a moment, Tony waves to dismiss Steven. “Go rest. I will see you in the morning.”
The HUD goes dead and they drop like a stone out of the sky. The lion grapples in Tony’s grip. The armor no longer able to maintain its hold of the big cat. Any second, Tony’s going to lose his grip on Blu and he’s going to plummet to the ground. Doesn’t matter, either way they’re both going to fall.
Steve exhales and straightens. “I wanted to, believe me. I tried to enlist several times. My health problems and the fact I have no augmentations other than the standard implant stopped me.”
He staggers backward and falls into the snow. When Tony tries to talk to him, he’s spent and overcome with his revelation as if the words that poured out of him to Tony had actually been the first time he’d recognized them himself. Tony lies there for a second, the songs of the birds the only noise other than Steve’s harsh breathing.
Jarvis comes into the kitchen by way of the dining room and only nods toward the sink and beyond it. Steve spots the back room that is directly behind the kitchen sink. He surmises it must be the way out to the wash trough behind the house, but he’s wrong. It’s a small washroom with a hand pump in a basin to pull water in from the underground well.
“And that’s the point, Tony. You don’t want to be with me. I want to be out there, doing something. I don’t want to hide anymore. I want you to see me as someone you want to come home to.” He zips the bag closed. “I’ll pay for the phone and the clothes as soon as I’m able to.”
“I didn’t do anything. He bonded with me. He named me Beloved. Beloved-.” Tony leaned in, trying to tear away Becky’s hand, see his face. “Do you understand what that means? Beloved? He loves me. He’s the center of everything for the pack – but for me. He’s the missing part of my soul and I’m that missing part of his. He can’t do this without me. Regardless of what he says, the stupid shit. He can’t! For him it would be like-.” Tony pointed at Becky’s left shoulder where his arm should be. “-like losing a limb. Do you want that for him? Is that what you want?”
"He gonna bother you, babe?"  The beast marches back into the studio. It feels crowded confined and not large enough to maneuver or get way from the man. "I can fucking get rid of him."
Tony shrugs. “Yeah. Yeah, but you’ve been out of it, so the rules of the world come into play. I would think. Or maybe you have a tilted perception that you heal faster than you really do. I wouldn’t be surprised. You do have a tendency to come out of battles beat up and limping and telling everyone that you’re fine when you obviously are anything but.”
Tony shakes a hand at the two quarreling members of their team. “This is team building night and they are destroying our team. They are fighting over ridiculous shit, and can’t come to some accords.”
“Do you think it’s wise, sir? Considering you think the fate of the world rests on this turning point?”
“Are you so sure?” she asked. “You know, the pack is growing. Steve has Bruce, Peggy Carter, and myself.”
“SHIELD? You called SHIELD? You’re going back to SHIELD?” Everything snaps back into focus. “You can’t go to SHIELD! They’ll lock you up for sure. You’re a lab specimen to them.”
Bucky has nothing to be ashamed of, it’s Steve who’s to blame for his lost limb, it’s a government bereft of care of their soldiers who fought in a war to save the nation, to piece it back together again when it split in two that’s to blame.
Tony gestures for him to follow and Steve takes his place along his side. The walking stick, Dummy, comes out and Tony taps his way to the room. He grips Steve’s upper arm and they weave their way through the maze. He’s unsure how Tony would ever find his way around the mess. Tony reads his mind.
Coffee helps wash away his melancholy and revs up his brain to tackle the problem at hand. Tony has JARVIS connect him with Bruce as soon as the good doctor wakes up.
“Do what you can,” Steve says. “I’m going to start the whole ball rolling and then I’m going to go and find Pepper.”
Sam bowed his head but then he glanced up at Steve. “I can do that.” It helped a lot that Sam understood more of him than just the guy everyone read about in the history books. Being bonded to him strengthened Steve’s resolve. Coming to Sam, a guy he met on the street, had been the right thing to do.
“I’d think it was simple to find me. I was at the Keep or looking for demons.” Something isn’t gluing together. The Soul Realm is small, confined. A space and time for souls to exist.
Tony looked up then after faceplanting on the roof and saw a glimmer of someone else. Not too distant another figure, a person materialized out of the steaming haze around him. The person – no, the skeleton – hung on the cross, crucified. Some ragged flesh hung like dirty clothes off the boney frame. The hair blew in the light breeze and then the thing – it moved. It turned its head toward Tony. No eyes, no nose, no lips, but long fangs identified it as a vampire. Somehow, some supernatural force helped it make a noise, so inhuman and pitiful – sounding so much like prey being devoured by a vicious predator that Tony shrank away from it.
Steven doesn’t answer. Instead he drops to his knees and unbuttons the shoulder and neck of his uniform. “I am compelled to owe you my fealty, my loyalty, my life.”
After a little more conversation, a lot more wine, they are both spent and tired. Steve gets up to clean the kitchen, but Tony stays his hand. “No. I’ll do it. You made the meal, the least I can do is clean.”
“I’m packing. I think it’s best,” Steve replies but doesn’t look at Tony. He rolls up a few t-shirts and shoves them into the bag. “It’s best. For as long as I remember Tony, I’ve always wanted to do what’s right. Even as lion from a different world or dimension or reality or cursed or whatever it was. I tried to do good. Now, I’m here. Doing what?”
He blinks in the bed, half sitting up. He's cold, very cold and they don't tell him why. They offer him warm blankets, soup, and hot tea. He asks for Peggy, but they tell him he doesn't know a Peggy. He asks for Dugan, or Gabe, and they tell him he's mixing reality with his fantasy life from the movies. When he asks for his family, because surely he has family, the nurse only pats his hand and shares his frown. He's alone, he was a foster child growing up and he has no one. He spills the hot tea down his chest and hisses as it burns. She helps to clean him up and he shivers but not from the cold. Something is wrong.
Clint whooped and Bruce came back to himself next to Natasha as she touched her brand to his wrist. Clint pointed to Natasha. “I told you. I told you they were doing the nasty in the barn.”
Bucky skids to a halt as Redwing flies in through a hole in the crumbling wall. The bird flutters around his head as if to get its bearings and then takes off down a darkened hallway. Bucky follows. It’s ludicrous to trust the bird, but right now Bucky’s out of ideas and he needs some way to navigate through the twists, turns, and dead ends.  The bird leads him to winding staircase carved into the stones and the skips down them, not caring if he’s quiet or not. The place is lit up and the sirens wail; there’s no stopping the oncoming attackers. He knows that so he focuses on getting as far as he can as fast as he can.
Steve realizes he’s been staring at his boots, how he marches one foot in front of the other. He peers up to find out what’s happening only to see a massive dark storm cloud on the horizon. “A storm?”
"A drink?" Tony says and lays Steve's hand in his own, turns it over, and plays rings into his palm. He touches calluses and tender soft places that send shivers up Steve's nerve endings. "Is that all you want from me, Captain?"
The nurse immediately addressed their concern. “Sir, he awoke this morning and managed to knock one doctor out and injure a nurse. We had no other choice. We’ve been trying to-.” She stopped as Clint screamed and spittle few out of his mouth. Clearing her throat, she said, “We’ve been trying to find the doctors who treated him at SHIELD, but it’s been futile.”
They’re slowly drifting to the bed and the fire in Steve’s chest destroys his ability to breathe. He’s not fighting, he’s allowing, he’s closing his eyes and falling onto the soft bedding, feeling the weight of Tony on top of him.
Stuffing his hands in his pockets, he decides he should at least explore the place. The first floor is essentially what he sees with the exception of a laundry room and small half bath behind the kitchen. He wanders over to the stone fireplace. It’s at least 2.5 meters wide and reaches up to the cathedral ceiling. Over the fireplace is a stuffed dead goose which he could do without, but the woodwork of the mantle is rough and goes well with the stonework. He slides his hand over the wooden shelf but it’s smooth, not at all what it looks like. It’s master craftmanship. He’s always appreciated someone who can work with their hands.
“That’s not-.” Steve stops. That’s not what he means, but then again, what does he mean? The simple fact – he doesn’t need assistance to get up, to stand, to walk out of the hospital? Or is it something else? Something deeper? His last heat and his reaction to it betrays his stalwart appearance. If Tony only knew. Steve clears his throat. “No. Thanks. I’ll be fine.”
His mind dances between two diametrically opposed views of the situation. The idea of punishing his omega feeds him into the more primal urges of his alpha tendencies. He grew up learning his place, above all others, and he enjoyed it. He might have rebelled against his parents but not against being an alpha. To subjugate and subdue is part of what an alpha requires from an omega, but at the same time the idea of an omega not only driven to fealty and loyalty by the bond but also by an abiding companionship or friendship – that’s attractive. “I’m of two minds,” he confesses. If he cannot tell her the truth, then who can he tell?
That had to be the most Tony ever heard Bruce speak outside of talking about particle physics or Hulk related biology. Tony hung his head and sighed. “I’m not what he thinks I am.”
Clint pointed to their interlocked hands. “Apparently during emotional upset, it’s easier to get direct feelings.”
Natasha stopped him. “Yes, you did. There are things you don’t understand about an older, more mature vampire. One that has come into power. It changes you. It changes how you interact and pair and mate. It changes everything.”
Steve reaches for the ornate sword. As his hand grips it and Natasha’s hand touches his, a blank of white blinds him and then he’s on a cliff side in a twilight world where he stands next to Natasha watching another Natasha and Clint argue over a choice.
He shrugs but feels small and inadequate. Clearly his throat and not looking at Tony, Steve replies, “Just been waiting I guess.”
Natasha did mention something about Steve needing to expand his circle of friends. Maybe it wasn’t about the pack. “You see Bruce enough? When?”
“You guess?” Tony scoffed. “Come on, you have the most valuable bachelor Tony Stark, standing in the middle of a corn field professing he wants to dream a future with you. You have to be impressed with that.”
Steve went to the box in the kitchen that had nothing in it at all. “I’m packing. I’m moving to DC at the end of the week.”
“Just because I stitch up wounds from bar brawls does not make me a doctor, Cap.” She waits for Bucky.
Fury must be insane to think that Steve can save Tony’s soul and his life from his situation. He wants Steve to fail.
Steve keeps his hands in fists by his side. “I wouldn’t think that’s a proper way to talk about one of the most influential, powerful men in Human Space.”
“You’re in love?” Bucky asked. “I thought for sure-.” He stopped and blinked a few times. “Who? I felt something along the soul waves. I knew you were close to some of the pack members. I just didn’t know them all and I couldn’t figure it out. Not really. Who?”
“No, don’t.” He collapses back against the wall, his shoulders shivering in the cool late afternoon air. Steve adjusts the blanket, and wishes he had something else to offer.
“Well, I can tell you one thing. This is not going to be us cuddling in the single bed to stay warm. That’s for sure. I’m getting us out of here,” Tony said and marched to the door. He flung it open to a gust of wind that blasted both cold air and snow into the tiny cabin. “Shit!” He slammed the door closed. “What the fuck does he expect us to do?”
Tony catches him. “Maybe tomorrow we can work on the code, together. If you don’t mind, if the offer is still on the table.”
The goon with the remote laughs and presses the remote. Instead of activating the collar, the whip sizzles with electrical bolts. The lion shies away from it. Tony glimpses the marks of its scorching effects along the ribcage and size of the beast.
Stunned at its sheer size and the line of it – it reminds him of Tony and his Iron Man armors. He scans the great ship. Bay thirty-two harbors only the largest ships and it is clear that this one has to be one of the largest ships outside the Honor Guard fleet and the Project Insight Heli-carriers. Fathoming the wealth and power behind such a large personal possession humbles him and astonishes him at the same time.  He paces down the length of the red ship with its gold accents. There’s nothing not designed and beautiful about it. This is a masterpiece of engineering and design. It is pure artistry.
The knot takes over him again and he falls back into his fugue, not truly knowing what he’s doing as the ravages of his heated blood overwhelm any sense, any logic, rational, or caring mind. He fucks the omega without pause. Time becomes a fleeting, almost imaginary thing as he rides the waves of his orgasms, as the knot comes over him, as he bonds with the omega connected to him. By the end he’s sore. He finally heaves a great thrust as the last of his climax explodes over him until he’s spent and falls onto the man beneath him.
Ross barked out a laugh and clapped his hands. “You sound like a sympathizer, Captain. You’re a member of the V-Corps. You’re a leader here, and what I see and hear now makes me doubt your position.”
He considered them. They were his family now. He’d left behind the memories of being human when he transformed. It was about survival. This wasn’t a game, not anymore. “Sure.”  He stood there as they left the room and the sense of betrayal hung heavy in the air.
In a surprise move, Tony showed patience and asked again, “Cap, I need you to see this movie so I can explain fully what we can attempt.”
“What?” As his grogginess dissipated, and his aches and pains grew. “Tony?” It took seconds for the memories to click into place. “Is he all right?” He remembered an elevator; he recalled flames and Tony – high in the air. The top of the Triskelion alit as if it were the wick of a candle, burning in the dark night.
“Hmm. What’s this?” Jane pulls out the draft pages and Steve yelps, jumping over to the portfolio and jerking it from her grasp.
“That’s the same thing Tony asked, and I’ll tell you that I’m not a man of the cloth, I’m not able to make those decisions.”
The blotch on his soul stains it, trying to consume it.  Steve recognizes that there is another entity within him, holding him back, binding him to the Soul Keeper.
“Thank you, Natasha.” As he stands there, he feels as if he’s saying goodbye. It swells an ache under his breastbone.
“Like I said it’s feedback. The stronger the bond gets – and right now it’s establishing itself so it will get stronger – the more reason you have to feed it,” Bruce said.
Rumlow smacked his hand to Tony’s forehead and pushed him up against the wooden cross. One of the agents standing behind the cross, wrapped an arm around the vertical beam and Tony’s throat, keeping him in place. Each of Tony’s arms, limp and lifeless from the poison and the sun effects, was positioned on the crossbar. He growled at them. “Fucking stop. No. Stop!” It did nothing to slow them down. It only seemed to encourage them.
Steve stood in the middle of the fish bowl penthouse office. An easy target for them. He nodded and proceeded back to the couch to retrieve his shield. He clicked it in place on his back. Just as he went to the door, Pierce stopped him.
The clock ticks. The others are around him, waiting as well. He both wants them here and wants them gone. He should have insisted that Sam go with Steve. The new quantum realm/time machine platform had been constructed in short order, too short. They cut corners. It barely pulled enough juice to power the converters. Wherever or whenever Steve appeared on the other end, he could have been injured, harmed, or worse. Killed.
He drops down to the stony outcropping overlooking the stream. It’s getting late and there’s still no sign of him. Tony’s talk of leaving may have upset him, but truthfully how much of it would a lion comprehend? He needs to get back to his camp and clean up, getting ready to leave tomorrow. He slowly makes his way through the underbrush and the thick bushes on the path to his tree hollow. He’s tired, and his injuries still ache. His brain doesn’t register what he’s seeing when he looks up. A flash of tan and orange. It hits him.
During their time driving to the airport, Steve in his t-shirt and jeans (what magical pocket universe Happy got them from, Tony might never know) spends his time staring out the window. His mouth hangs open and he only mutters lowly in his throat. Tony wraps his hand around Steve’s to satisfy Rhodey’s curiosity. Once they get to the airport and on the jet, Tony bids Rhodey goodbye.
“You don’t need to know all the details, all the time, Steven. It’s called compartmentalization. It works, get used to it.”
Tony doesn’t know when it happens, but he falls asleep. The next think he knows, he’s curled up tight and snuggles warmly against a thick blanket. As he eases back to awareness, he wonders who saved him, and how they moved him without waking. He hears birds cawing and singing, feels the sun on his face. His mind collects the pieces and tries to make sense of them, and there is no way it all goes together. He jolts up to find himself sheltered by a huge lion under the shade of a tree in the early morning hours. Blu lifts his big head and gazes at Tony as if asking what is wrong.
“He’s good to me, yes,” Tony says and there’s a faraway look in his eyes. Several minutes later, Tony folds the blankets away and reaches for Steve’s hand. He doesn’t say anything when Steve clasps his fingers, feeling his knuckles, rough and callused palm.
“Release yourself from a vow that Erskine would never hold you to. One thing I did learn in all my reading was that you are one stubborn son of a bitch. You can hold onto this promise, but the truth is – the truth is if Erskine was alive today, he would never hold you to it. He wouldn’t even ask it of you. He would want you to be happy.” He removes Steve’s hands from his face. “Tell me, Steve, can you be happy with me?”
“Just get it. He’s.” Steve stops. “He’s going to need a break after this. I want to bring him over to the park, maybe and see if he can relax.”
“Let me,” Bruce said, and Steve moved aside, standing up so that Bruce could take his place. He never left Tony’s side.
“When we get our powers, we transform. Not all vampires get powers or transform. Most don’t, actually.” She looked down at her hand that stayed close to him on the bed without touching him. “Most vampires expire long before they transform. The process starts long before the transformation happens. But the final stages of the transformation process actually require that a vampire expire and then be revived. That’s what happened to Tony.”
Bruce bites back his reply but then puts up a hand. “Okay, I get that it’s frustrating, that your boyfriend is hurting. But don’t take it out on me.”
When he walks out of the bathroom and back into the main room, the prince has already arrived. He stands slightly off center in the room, in profile to Steve. His hair is a mass of dark curls, wild and free. He’s regal in his stance and he turns to greet Steve.
“According to Doctor Stephen Strange, the existence of soul packs started sometime after his encounter with Dormammu, an ancient god like universal being. He used an infinity stone that caused temporal manipulations to create branches in time, causing time to loop. But the final bargain ended up with changes to the continuum in which the whole of the universe exists. This is published on the dark web, sir. It is not openly available, though some conspiracy sites do reference it.”
They are wide open, allowing an evil to seep into the Realms, allowing the spirits beneath to touch the hearts and souls of the ones above. He walks to Tony’s side and brings his wings tightly to his back. His wounds feel faded, like long distant memories. He still carries some, and some have scarred over so it will be some time before he can truly say he is healed, but for now he must begin to carry his load.
Steven glowers at him – which Tony should reprimand him for but he considers it a win.  At least Steven feels comfortable enough to show true emotions.“I’m thinking that’s probably not the best strategy.”
Bucky runs to the prison cell and notices a weak blue light emanating from the narrow barred window. He scans the area and sees no surveillance equipment, no guards. Something’s up, something’s strange, but it doesn’t stop him. No guards, no force fields. He edges closer to the cell and jumps up, grasping the bars in his hands. He hauls himself up so he can peer into the cell.
Bruce considered them and then said, “I talked to Wong about roles and such. One of the things he said was that sometimes during injuries bonds get a little raw. I’m not sure exactly what he meant by that but I think it must be something similar to what you experienced with Clint.”
Fortunately, Scott answers and sounds tired but always joyful. “Hey, why the honor of you calling me? I thought you were thick as thieves with Wanda.”
He sat frozen for a long time. Because the truth of the matter was – he didn’t know who ‘he’ was, the alpha she referred to. Was it Tony or was it Bucky? He didn’t bother reading any of the reference books. He left them there and walked out of the back room, from the library, and continued until he found himself standing and staring at Bucky’s icy tomb, wishing he was still in his own.
He peers over his shoulder for a second, the whole of the building trembles beneath and over him. The pillars are failing and the troopers are converging on them. As they close in on them, the troopers open fire. Without any other options Bucky hoists Steve into the large pipe.
When he awakes again and opens his eyes, he sees a gnarled old women with knobbed hands and a pleasant, if senior face. Wiry ringlets of silver and black crown her head and she smiles at him when she notices he’s awake.
“It’s okay. Just let me do the talking.” The doorbell rings and it’s a delivery man with a FEDEX box. Tony signs for it. “This should be our rings.”
Tony kisses his cheek as he disengages. “I have some work to do. You already know where the bath is. Feel free to clean up and rest.” He bops Steve on the nose. “You are a beauty to behold.”
Only a single terrorist enters. The figure is completely shrouded by veils. Raza has never allowed a woman in the prison before, Tony waits, measuring, weighing what’s happening. Everything seems off kilter.
The man before him swallows hard and steps away from Tony, turning away as if embarrassed, ashamed at his identity. “Can’t you just know me as Blu?
“Water?” Steve asks and wonders how long he’s been out of it. His lips feel cracked and his tongue sticks to the roof of his mouth.
Blu growls out a response and then stands up – and shakes. A rain of water splatters over Tony and if there was one bit of him dry still, he’s not anymore. He laughs. His chest unclenches. That tightness that stays with him night and day when he’s working or at a Board meeting, it releases and fades, disappearing into memory. He leans up against Blu whispers, “How am I going to go back now?” It’s so nice not to have the responsibilities, the constant rush and craziness of day to day life. Sitting here in nature with his Blu, everything feels just about right.
He scrunched up his face as the possibilities of what she actually did when she walked through the shadows collided in his brain. Space-time and configuring it. He needed more time to study it, but he had no time to spare. “Okay then, what’s the plan.” He heaved and stood up, bringing Steve with him.
Tony frowns and clucks his tongue. “Obie decided that an informal meeting with Pierce might get the man on my side. I don’t even know what side he’s talking about.” Some of the joy drains out of the prince. He sighs. “You’re right. We do have to get back at it again, don’t we?”
He hears the snap of the flint and then the puff of the fire catching after a few tries. He smiles. One of his better designs, though the AI needs an upgrade.  One day he’ll get a chance to wire the whole penthouse with Friday and it will be glorious. But that is not this day, he chuckles.
“Whether you would be turned into a tomato faced skull?” Tony asks. He needs to joke now because the pit in his stomach grows.
Tony jerks awake, arms pushing him up on the gurney, mouth opening, gulping for air. He shivers as awareness falls over him like a veil. The world around him looks somewhat less defined, oozing of blurs and stains of reality. He blinks several times and recognizes Doctor Helen Cho standing over him. Her eyes are frightened. In her hands she holds a syringe.
Steve feels the flush of heat on his cheeks. “Thanks. Looking forward to it.” He sounds all bravado and confident but hell if he knows what he’s doing. Fucking for a living never was one of his hopes and dreams when he was a kid. But he can make a good living here and he knows that he’s the type some people are looking for.
“Okay.” Steve couldn’t see the harm in it. Letting Tony take the lead on this felt right. After all, he did that trick in the church where he linked them altogether to support Steve. Tony had an innate skill for soul bonds.
Yet to lay here and stare at the man huddled on the floor, An’Tony knows that he’s farther along the edge of crossing over. He shouldn’t even think about it. He lies back and gazes up at the large canopy rack over the bed. Sleeping in the presentation suite is a mistake. He’s the master and the omega is and always will be a servant. He believes omegas deserve more rights, but the truth is in the biology.
“And we don’t have Doctor Erskine to figure it out. All we have is Stark and he doesn’t have a clue. Do you know he thinks that your friend Barnes might actually have been turned into some kind of alpha. He thinks he’s in some kind of cycle?” Phillips jabbed his finger on the desk and then shook his head again. “No, I can’t have you going in there. He has to stay confined.”
Steve takes out 5 of the largest Idaho white potatoes and puts them in a colander in the sink. He glances quickly at Tony, but then focuses on his task. “Listen, I know you have a lot of responsibilities, not only to the Avengers but to Stark Industries. So, I get it that you have to go. I understand.”
“And Ross,” Steve said and nodded. He felt tired, burnt out from the day and the news. “We need transportation. A way out.”
“Then we take him down before he can. We got to get you out of here. There’s too much risk but we have to do it.” Tony mutters a few calculations to himself and then says, “We do this together. Right? Together.”
As he lie in bed, he missed his old flat in Brooklyn – not the one SHIELD had rented for him, but the one he’d shared with his mother. On sleepless nights, he could listen to the calls of his neighbors below, the honk of horns, and the noise of life. Occasionally, the rain would patter against the panes and would lull him to sleep.
Clint ran a hand through his short hair. “You’re the only one, outside of Nat, who trusted me. After Loki, after everything. You invited me to fight during the Battle of New York.” Clint blanched a little, his face visibly going pale. “You trusted me and that means a lot. It took a long time for me to trust – well for me to trust me again.”
“People don’t die from not having coffee, Tony,” Steve said. Still, when he watched Tony settle down on the overturned bucket again to bask in the glow of the fire and the taste of the coffee, Steve couldn’t stop himself from grinning.
The sheer speed shoots through Tony like a javelin. He gasps at the thrill of Steve’s handling of the bike. Steve is made to ride a bike; it’s clear to Tony as he takes the curves with a precarious slant, but Tony never feels vulnerable. Every weave and turn Steve’s body flows with it like liquid in a closed tube. There’s no second guessing, there’s no question. Steve communes with the bike. Tony follows his lead, letting his body ease against Steve, letting his body move with Steve and the bike. The rhythm of riding, the power of it throbs a beat of exhilaration and freedom Tony’s never experienced. It’s new; it’s brilliant. He sings out in laughter with pure joy as Steve navigates the road without fear.
He smirks. “I doubt that very much.” He trails after her, picking at the food as she fills a plate. “You need to check in and then you’ll get your assignment.”
“Explain?” Tony grimaces as if he’s heard the words before and hates them, as if he anticipates everything Steve might say to him. “Listen, I get that I’m only good for a quick fuck, that you don’t want it to be anything else but-. I can do that for you. Let me go and get some lube. You can fuck me like those guys in college did, you can fuck me and leave me-.”
“A little, but I’ll mark it down as your being overly enthusiastic for the project,” Steve says and disconnects the glasses from the computer. He holds onto them for a few seconds. They’re heavier than normal glasses, and Steve suspects all the hardware built into the frames. How Tony managed to conceive, design, and build them, Steve cannot even imagine. He does know that he had early versions of them when he was in his twenties, though the photographs he’s seen show him with thicker lenses, a lanyard that attached to the frames that Steve thinks must have linked to a pocket processor at one time. It all changed when Tony invented the implant and found Doctor Strange to surgically place it in his brain. How Tony convinced Strange to do is another thing Steve will never know. It set Tony on this path toward a precipice. This will either work, or he will go down in flames. Those flames being migraines or worse yet a stroke.
Steve shucks his shoes and then his jacket. It tumbles to the floor. “I’m getting there.” His voice smiles.
“After Happy finishes his security check, you want me to offer him the position and set up the meeting for Thursday?”
“Aye, Sheriff, we will need to find my brother if it is true,” Thor says and he’s disgruntled by the matter, his normal jovial outward exterior evaporated.
“The unit hasn’t hit its milestones. We’re below quota on everything,” Steve said and shrugged the shoulder Tony had snuggled up against.
“Try and stay above it,” he says and pushes him with a great shove down into the pipe. He hears a muffled scream as Steve slides downward. The scrape and thrump of the cage around Steve’s head echoes. Bucky looks up at Redwing. “Come on now, don’t complain. You led us here.”
Tony puts his hand to the small of Steve’s back and navigates out of the house toward his bright orange Audi. “Let’s go.”
Natasha considered him. Her stare could be colder than the ice that froze him for 70 years. “There are methods to control the transference. I suppose these doctors didn’t tell you. First and foremost, you have to learn that SHIELD is an organization out to get information. Whatever information it is. They get it. However they can. These doctors lied to you.”
“Come on Bruce. You’re Bruce. Don’t let Ultron tell you any different,” Steve says – his breath coming out in raspy puffs. Logically he knows it isn’t Bruce, but Ultron must have added something of Bruce, otherwise the monster before him truly is a beast. Hulk throws another punch, but Steve easily matches it with the shield. He finds his footing in the deep snow and slashes low against Hulk’s bare legs. The shield slices cleanly, and blood cascades down Hulk’s thighs and calves. If he has any hope at all, Steve needs to hobble Hulk.
It’s a simple lift that will carry him to the gantry that leads to the ship’s open airlock. Steve steadies himself, getting ready to meet a client is one thing, getting ready to meet the prince of the most powerful region in the entire Conclave is on another level entirely. The lift slows and gently stops. Steve thanks the powers that be for that one since he doesn’t want to fall flat on his face. He rolls the suitcase toward the airlock and several guards greet him. They do a thorough check of his implant, his person, and his possessions. He passes and a charming woman with strawberry blonde hair and a perky smile greets him.
“I’m sorry. I wasn’t prepared to deal with Obie. It was stupid and cruel. I didn’t mean it, and I especially didn’t want him to proposition you. I’m sorry. I don’t want you to go. Will you please stay?”
Pepper narrows her eyes at him, her mouth a tight line. “You’re not screwing with me, are you? Are you some kind of spy?”
He jolts out of his reverie and greets the prince. “Sorry. Was listening to the news on my implant. They said that the Rho Ophiuchi Cloud Complex Science Station is under attack.”
The tutor that Tony assigned Steve gave him piles of readings to do – none of them are technical. Most of the books are popular science that can be found in any upscale bookstore or online. Still, it takes a lot to read them and comprehend everything.  Spending time studying is high on his priorities, but Steve’s curious about Tony’s work. It’s something that Steve is supposed to help him with, so he wonders down to the laboratory. When Steve arrives at the laboratory, he stares through the glass doors to see Tony in the center of the room.
“If you think it would help?” Steve says and he hates that his voice sounds hopeful, questing for Rhodes to confirm for him.
“Why don’t you take a shower, get dressed, and come downstairs? I’ll get some hot chocolate if we have makings.”
“You have to work this with the entire pack, you can’t keep this up.” Sam stared at the boxes. “So you moving now or later.”
Dressed in the simple blue tunic (not the one he has to wear in the pods in the Brothel) with white drawstring pants, Steve collects everything he needs and stuffs it into a small cloth bag. He slings it to his hips and then follows JARVIS directions to the workshop/workroom area.
He thinks about the message. The words spin about in his head. Even though Friday said the words he can hear them in Pepper’s voice, sad, small. She hates to break bad news to him. Lying his head back on the cushions, he says, “Friday text to Pepper: why?”
Alpha runs his hand through Steve’s hair, gently, tenderly. His eyes – so dark and fierce Steve thinks he might be a warrior as well – pierce into Steve’s soul. “Let me take care of you.”
Clint’s always known Steve to be fairly levelheaded when it comes to being one of the brothel workers. He hasn’t expressed any hesitation or shame about his work. “It’s -.” He stops and starts again, “Being in the culture of the brothel, all together, I forget sometimes what others think of us. Even with some of my clients being dickheads. I like what I do. It’s fun and I get to help people feel better. But now-.”
Steve looked away, his face lit by the sunrays dappling the living room through the window. The blush of embarrassment radiated. Tony could see the blue of his eyes and how he jaw twitched in anger. “Bucky is going to be there,” Steve said through clenched teeth. “You can come or not. But I’m going.”
Some of what he says confuses Tony, but he knows that shock overcomes sense. He looks around the tiny bathroom and finds the towel folded neatly on the back of the toilet. He grabs it and lays it over Steve’s shoulders as he shakes.
“I could call in Rhodey and possibly Pepper. I have armor for both,” Tony said and then he smirked. “I’ll just call in the Legion. We can program them to attack but not to kill and see what we can lay down as strategy.”
Steve eyed Thor who had stepped on a toy and knocked it under the coffee table to hide it. Bruce hung in the background and Sam only arched a brow at Nat as she embraced the children she obviously knew. Maybe this was the unknown in the equations that Tony talked about for Nat as well.
“No more than anyone else, I would assume,” Steve said. The idea of dreaming never truly terrified him until the ice, of course. The shadows of that time haunted him. He’d spent many hours with Bruce, discussing the dark shades that followed him out of the frozen wasteland to his dreams. His dreams now were nothing like that, they were both erotic and intimate. He swallowed as he inwardly confessed he looked forward to dreaming now.
JARVIS comes on line in the SUV and the alerts sound as well as a warning that further threat will be met with deadly force. The truck side swipes the front bumper of the SUV and rumbles away, picking up speed and disappearing around the corner and into traffic.  Everything settles like waves easing to the shore and dying down to simple ripples.
“I don’t mean to be rude. I just want you to understand you can’t expect Bucky to be who you once knew. I also know that he can’t expect the same of you. I am working on that with him. It’s only been less than a day. Give it time.” She didn’t give him space to respond, but instead followed the trail out of the house and toward the wooded area. Steve stepped over the broken boards in the floor of the cabin and went outside, scanning the thick forest around him for any signs of approach. Both Bucky and Iron Man were out there, and they were headed for a disaster.
Tony glanced out the window of the workshop. It must be close to dawn. What the hell was he doing here anyway. He didn’t reply to Coulson.
As they talk, Tony sees Steve relax like he’s never witnessed before. He’s careful with how he responds to Tony’s questions, but he shares. When he looks at Tony, meets his eyes, there’s a kindness and affection there that Tony only dreamed and wished for – but there’s always a wariness. They lay in one another’s arms and Tony thinks how the night lightens to dawn that he would pay for a day, a week, a year, or forever if it meant he felt like this always, accepted and at peace.
His astral projection, his sense of self, had been perturbed by his witnessing of the cosmos and the great nothingness he understood. Captain Tightpants could never accept him within the inner circle of the soul pack because Tony couldn’t fucking spill his load without his soon to be wife sticking him up the ass. He’d forgotten what it felt like to be free enough to engage and to release. It was like he needed someone to press the button for him to enjoy life. He opened his eyes and glanced at Pepper, asleep 30,000 feet in the sky like an angel. And what was he but a stalker, holding onto her because he’d broken his own soul, his soul’s fire darkened and flickered out.
It is a chance. A chance to at least say goodbye to Tony. Silently, Steve accepts the garment bag with the tuxedo and goes to the tiny bathroom in his garret apartment. The water is – as usual – frigid but it is an unusually hot and humid day. He quickly showers and then dries off which is a tight fit in the cramped room. He slips on the Tux pants and amazes that they fit well. He leaves the bathroom and finishes dressing in the main room. It’s too stuffy in the bathroom to continue, by the time he would finish he would need another shower.
“Tony,” Pepper stopped and sniffled. “You don’t enjoy sex with me.” Pepper went to the next drawer and emptied it out. “Please don’t. Don’t say anything because it will just -.” She choked on her words and shook her head.
“We already knew that Sokovia had been supplied with Stark Industries weapons,” Maria said as she crossed from what Steve spied might be command center to the kitchen. “But this is a personal issue that you will need to deal with.”
“Well, in the presentation suite and your room you must follow the rules. But we’ll have wine in my room.” Tony tugs off his suit jacket and Steven steps up to take it and hang it up. “You don’t have to do that. I have a valet.”
Stark chuckles and shares a look with Banner. “I’d just cut the wire.” He shakes his head. “And I heard about you from my dad, can’t say I’m all that impressed. I don’t need this crap.”
Steve tried not to let the remark color his association of this meeting with its possible outcomes. Impossible dreams seemed to be his forte. With the lingering memories of his dream last night, Steve hoped that he could at least start mending fences. He might not be able to give Tony the kind of relationship he wanted, but he could at least extend an olive branch. “Doctor Strange, Wong,” Steve said and inwardly winced. He still didn’t know how to address Wong – was it Mister? Sorcerer? Something else? No one told him and he felt on unsteady footing all the time. “We asked you both here to give us more guidance on how the soul pack and the members should interact. There’s been some -.” He stopped and adjusted his wording. “Disagreements on how some members should be accepted or not.”
He only shook his head. Cooler heads did not prevail, and Tony got his way. The next day, neither Steve nor Tony mentioned that he’d rigged all the vests with what Steve thought amounted to a shock collar for dog training. He didn’t like it and had argued with Tony about it. As Steve fitted his on over his uniform, he frowned. Tony only pressed his finger to Steve’s lips.
Before he even comes down from his climax, his pelvis still pumping into the air, Tony stands up, spins him to face the shower wall, and slips inside without pause. The nanites help him to adjust to the intrusion and the thick heaviness of Tony’s cock inside him, causes Steve to thrust back onto him. His cock orgasms again, dry and spent.
At his statement, Steven walks with confidence at Tony’s side. If Tony hadn’t known better he would have assumed that there was nothing wrong with Steven. Of course, those enhanced healing capabilities engineered into all omega warriors help, he assumes. As they enter into the Main Conference building, they walk through the large glass and metal atrium. The floor is a marbled tile mosaic depicting the Great Purge. Steven scans it with a harsh glint in his eyes but says nothing. He is impeccable in his duty. Several of the other alphas are clutched in a corner of the atrium near a counter where Tony’s servants are offering mid-day refreshments.
Inside the atmosphere is less like a circus and more like a church. Quiet, solemn. It scares Steve but he holds back his reaction as they are guided to the surgical area. Everything after that is a blur. There’s the consent forms and the anesthesiologist discussing the procedure with them as Tony sits on the gurney dressed in scrubs. Steve absently wonders where his clothes were tucked away.
“Sure feels like it is,” Tony said, and then he glanced around the room. “Or I’m dreaming and you’re in my dream.”
Lower center of gravity. Less chance to fall over. He recognizes he's in the slow path to insanity but decides it's better than the alternative of admitting to himself that he might be about to be murdered. With that in mind, Tony parks the car and then gets out. Always keeping his eyes to the crumbling buildings near the water, he rounds the car and triggers the trunk to open. He loads up with all of his supplies, using one of the canvas bags he bought. He slams the trunk and considers the buildings.
“I want someone who can help me with my designs and that’s why I asked for a mathematically inclined PA. You don’t fill that need, but you do have art in your background. Did you take technical drawing courses? Computer design?” Tony rattles off as many as he can think of in a short time.
“Jesus, Steve, I thought better of you.” Sam’s image flickers in his vision and for a second, Steve thinks he might pass out, but he holds onto consciousness and reality.
The East Coast always brought him back to his father and the bad and good memories there. But now he can only think of one person, one need. "It's my home."
The prince only nods, his eyes firmly fixed to the ceiling. Steve takes great care to undress the prince and while he does his mind keeps falling back into the idea of calling him Tony – really being able to call a nobleman – a prince by his name – shoots straight to his own cock. Once Tony’s pants have been discarded on the floor, Steve places his legs over his shoulders. It’s heavy but Steve’s had worse.  A slight angle and he has all the access he needs. With a swooping lick, Steve teases Tony’s ass eliciting a shiver and a slight moan. He repeats it, but this time slows the motion and lingers at Tony’s entrance. He feels Tony grip the arms of the chair and raise himself up, easing Steve’s access.
He crossed the distance between them and grabbed Bucky in his arms, held him close. It took only a few seconds for Bucky to respond. His whole body shuddered under Tony’s embrace and then he buried his head in Tony’s shoulder, his one arm wrapped around his waist. He spoke, muffled into Tony’s shoulder. “I’m so sorry. I wish I could take it back. All of it. There’s so much crowding my head, filling it with noise and horror. I just- I’m so sorry.”
“Headache is okay. Lot less tension. I swear you could patent your hands,” Tony replies. He reaches out and Steve lays his fingers in Tony’s palm. He cups them with his other hand. Tony runs his fingers up the length and back of Steve’s hand, over the hill of his knuckles and to the tendons. His thumb cups underneath and slowly strokes Steve’s palm. A slight quaver and Tony desperately wants to know what Steve’s eyes look like. Are his eyes large and dark? Is there curiosity there or yearning? He tells himself that if he could read what Steve’s expression is then he would understand his own feelings – the deep need inside of him that tightens and coils. These hands have meant the world to him, a portal to the world. They’ve been there to calm and soothe him, to guide and assist him. Always gentle yet firm. He can only imagine what talents they might possess.
“Dummy is a nitwit,” Estane said. Tony had only frowned but Estane had a tendency to hate the little pup, often kicking it or chasing it away. “An omega is a dog with a mind. And that is dangerous. You want it to kill you in your sleep?  Go ahead and treat your omega like you treat Dummy.”
Natasha answered, “Maria is still there and Fury took the other Quin Jet back to the safe house to help out.”
Tony smiles and it’s swimming and lovely and Steve has to recollect what Bucky warned him about this morning.  It is only coffee and he reminds himself that he needs to know the citizens of Avenge as the lawman of the town.
“Logan?” His mind jitters takes a moment or more to catch up. “Logan knows about the seizures?” Tony slams down the mug. “I’m coming to you. Stay there. Where are you? Don’t answer that, I’ll have JARVIS bring me to you.”
“Ten days. But I knew that we probably wouldn’t stay that long. It would be ridiculous to think that we would get that much time off as a team, but I rented it for ten days.” He scrubs each potato like he’s done it a thousand times. Maybe he has, maybe he had a lot of KP duty as a soldier.
“Whoa, whoa,” Tiberius says and throws his head back to bark out laughter that cuts the air. He drinks down the tumbler of Bourbon. “I’m not trying to be disrespectful. But just man to man. You know how it is. He’s one hell of an ass to dri-.”
“You’re not my mother, Steve. Or my caretaker. I don’t need one.”  Tony hears a chair being dragged across the hardwood floor. “Careful with the floor. I just had it refinished.”
When the door clicked shut and Steve pulled the curtains to the windows, Tony said, “I worried about you.”
“Everything here is metaphysical,” Frigga says with a grin. “But my words of advice would be to discuss what you have never discuss and see where it leads.” She passes her hand over the opening and it dims until they cannot see outside the small space.
“Oh now, none of that,” the girl said and tugged his hands away from his face. “Aw, there’s Blue Eyes. You’re doing so much better now.” Her smile invited and eased his fears, though his doubts still niggled at him. The tension in his shoulders decreased. The teenager’s demeanor exuded friendliness and confidence. She clasped both of his hands in hers. “If we had left you to them, I cannot even tell you what would have happened. Seriously, they wanted to give you transfusions.” She eyed the group around him and tsked several times. “Thank goodness you got here when you did. As soon as I scanned you, we knew.”
Part of Tony still wanted to hunt the bastard down and choke him to death like he’d done to Tony’s mother. But the saner part, the smarter part, understood that Bucky was as much a victim as his mother. Now, though, he knew it more intimately. Having Bucky breakdown in his arms meant more to Tony than he cared to admit. Yet, it still left Steve – ready to shatter their bonds in order to help Bucky. It wouldn’t happen now. Bucky accepted them – well, as much as he could at this point. Tony knew it would take time, just like it’d taken Steve time to accept his own orientation. Getting Steve to come onto the same page wouldn’t be a problem – that was as long as Tony could get Steve back.
“I never had anyone.” Steve looked away like he had earlier in the day, but then he had looked into the sun. Now it was the moon and the night calling back. “Peggy was just a dream. We never had a date. There was never anyone.”
“The computer. You hacked into my computer. Attacked my AI and put her to use. You know that attacking an AI is a punishable offense. That you are not permitted to adjust or change her programming without my express consent.” He glares down at Steven as if he’s a petulant child. The only thing is – he’s not – he’s intelligent with a cunning mind.
“Oh, you don’t get to do that, not at all,” Natasha says and her eyes are vibrant with strength and power. She holds power like a goddess. “We all decided on our part, on our roles. We made our choices.”
With those words, Steve glanced down at himself and the sickly man he was disappeared and he returned to his enhanced form again. “So, I’m not supposed to have anything for me?”
Tony is coming back – but in a very different role, as a very different person than Steve had known and grown to love. In the end, a person suffering from amnesia who only had figments of life and memories isn’t the same as the person he loved. Half the time, he felt as if he was mourning Tony’s death while Tony was in his arms.
Steve considers Tony and the thought of hitting him upside the head boils to the top of the option. “Tony, can you just stop for one minute. You had a major seizure. When you came out of it, you couldn’t talk or anything. You weren’t yourself. Pietro had to help you to the bed.”
Tony rounded up the status of all of the team members through JARVIS. Both Natasha and Clint were out of the game currently, but they were safely with Fury and Hill. Clint would be evacuated but they needed Natasha back, just in case they had a hard time putting the genie back in the bottle when it came to Hulk. Steve and Hulk were literally smashing their way through the ground defenses and would climb the hill to the fortress any minute. Just as Tony thought it, the echo through the bonds alerted him and he spun around in the air to see Hulk lifting Steve up like a doll and bounding up the mountain side. That just about knocked Tony out of the air, but he swallowed down the bile in his throat and buzzed toward their entry point in order to clear the perimeter.
“Yes, of course I did,” Steve says. “I wouldn’t have made the bet if I didn’t know I could win,” He’s always considered himself a strong tactician and strategist.
“I hope there’s more than popsicles,” Steve says and follows Tony up the bridge. He feels a little like he’s walked into wonderland. He wonders when the Cheshire Cat might make an appearance.
A pinch and then chilled grains pepper his cheek. It’s instantly cooling and numbs Steve’s face. He opens his eyes as Tony finishes. “How’s that feel?”
“No, no!” Steve said but didn’t have a chance to hit the comm to relay his message. He had to hope the soul bonds clearly showed his intentions, and that Clint relayed his intention to Hill. “I can handle this.”
He changed, methodically. Every bit of him was becoming Captain America as he pulled on the pants, the shirt and jacket, the gloves. Steve couldn’t confess his fears, his trepidation to the team. They needed to focus, to be about the mission, not about Steve friend, his family. His need to find a way to save Bucky was his sin, his transgression, his weakness. He would do what he needed to do, but he would give everything to save Bucky as well. In his heart, in his soul he knew that Bucky Barnes could not and would not ever be Hydra – not willingly. They had a mission to accomplish, but for Steve – he had another mission as well. It didn’t escape him that he once accused Fury of adding extra covert missions to the main mission just days ago. He released a pent up breath. He needed to keep his head in the game and that meant ensuring the safety and well-being of people on that damned algorithm’s list. He picked up his phone. Steve wouldn’t be needing it, but right now he stared at it like it was a lifeline. His brain buzzed with conflicting emotions and he found himself flicking the phone on and connecting to Tony.
“Not sure about Pierce, whether the Governor is or isn’t with Schmidt,” Steve says. “All I know is that Schmidt’s running a gang that’s got just about the whole town of Avenge terrorized and I can’t get any help from Pierce or Fury.”
Tony leans down and his eyes are intense, and somehow very far away. “You need to rest, Steve. This isn’t going to be easy. Doctor Cho thinks she can do it, but that part of it might be a little more painful than usual for the cradle, because of the connection to the nerve stem.”
As he speaks the fog begins to lift and he points at the far away cliff. “That is where you want to go, dear Captain. I’m not stupid. I know what your ultimate goal is.” Loki circles around Steve and as he does the ground around them, the concrete shifts and changes like bricks from a child’s building set. Walls and tunnels are built. The grinding of rock and stone against one another dins the sounds of anything else. Once it is done only dust and grit fill the air. Steve coughs. He closes his eyes for a few seconds trying to settle the pixelated aspect of the world around him.
Steve glanced at Fury and the Director only lifted a brow at him. With no other recourse, Steve tugged up his cuff and placed his arm on the table. He half hoped it wasn’t there. When it appeared this morning it literally caused him to fall on his knees. He’d thought his hand had been severed from his wrist. But no – just a brand, marking the circumference of his wrist. He’d gone to medical. The serum shouldn’t have allowed it to happen – but it did.
. He had said his farewells to this good Earth and all its people, to its problems and strife and war. He had given his life to save others and he didn’t expect this new life as his reward.
“You’re not some super soldier, Steve, no kind of that magical potions running through your veins. Since Erskine got shot in that mysterious manner down at the old Parlor Inn, we don’t have a decent doctor in town. Only Nat.” Bucky rubs at the stump of his arm. Steve cringes and his friend looks away, red flushes his cheeks.
“You remember when I hacked SHIELD all those years ago?” Tony says and chews a bit on his lower lip. He doesn’t wait for Steve to answer. He paces the length of the kitchen island. “Well, it kind of took a backseat for years after the whole Mandarin that wasn’t thing. I focused on my relationship with Pepper, but then me, being me, I couldn’t leave well enough alone when you, being you, went ahead and, you know, damaged D.C. and destroyed SHIELD in the process. Well, when that happened, I started to look into things, because I knew Howard, my dad, had dealings with SHIELD. He and your Peggy set SHIELD up after all.” He takes a deep breath. “Long story short, I found out about it and didn’t know how to tell you that your buddy was implicated in some pretty nasty stuff, including the death of my parents.”
“It’s in here. I’ve been working on a nanotechnology armor. I have all the math worked out for it; all I have to do is manufacture it in the real world. That means-.”
“Now who’s a plebeian?” Steve chuckles as he carries the bowls of steaming stew to the fireplace. He doesn’t question the pizza pan turned table. He returns to bring the bread, butter, and salt with pepper. “I usually don’t salt too much as I cook. I like people to decide for themselves.”
“You can’t survive a week without me, someone else had to be there,” Pepper smiles, and it is comforting and good.
He allowed the feelings to tide over him like a ritual, a rite of passage, as he said goodbye to his last love. He murmured the reply, “Right now I'm in the middle of nowhere. If I wait any longer a lot of people are gonna die. Peggy, this is my choice.” It was his choice, but it had never been his choice
“We do and I will,” Tony snaps and then focuses on the man in the cell. “Your oath to your alpha or the rebels of the Uprising.”
“There’s nothing wrong with being attracted to another guy, Steve. You know that, right?” Natasha’s hand squeezed his bicep. Their two marked hands still clasped together.
She nods and then he closes the door only to turn to Tony. His whole body vibrates with the wild swing of emotion. He’s near panic in two different ways but he holds it together by sheer willpower.
Blu opens his mouth and a mismash of rumblings comes out. He sticks his nose up in the air as if to show his disdain.
Those blue eyes study him, and Tony swears he can see intelligence and something like resolve, perseverance, and stubbornness. He gestures for the lion to come close and Blu does. Tony closes the gap between them, and Blu welcomes him. He snuggles close and Blu gives a contented sigh as he lays his head on his big paws.
Tony scrunches up his face as if he enmeshed in trying to figure out a mathematical anomaly and maybe it’s that – Steve doesn’t know. Tony rakes his hands through his hair.
Tony glanced up and saw nothing, but he wouldn’t put it past Stane to update that one part of this horror show. He grimaced at the guard. “The armor isn’t a side show.” Though when he was dying of palladium poisoning he might have used it as one.
“I never meant to upset you about it, Thor,” Steve said and the same ache he had that day it happened pinged in his chest – a hollow ring. He blinked away the tears of his loss and continued with the preparation of the omelet.
Tony inhaled, held it, and then released it, cooling off the moment. “Listen, we don’t even know one another. Not all that well. Right now, the universe might tell us one thing-.”
A shuffling of shoes on the floor and then Pepper is touching his hand as Strange moves away. “Steve’s not here right now. Maybe it would be best if we took this up in the morning. You haven’t eaten and you need to rest.”
It was worse than being attacked, worse that being beaten. A revelation came over Tony at that moment because he realized just how obscenely different their worlds were. Tony would never be able to blend these worlds because they seem to be some alternate reality, a reality mixed in grief and pain and subterfuge. He left then, he walked away and closed the door behind him and never went back until he went to see the burnt out hollowed structure of what was left once the people who were after Steve finally found him.
With hands clasped together, Steve started, “The night before my dinner with Tony, I had this strange dream or waking image.” She stayed quiet, listening to him. His face reddened, he had a hard time looking up at her so he concentrated on their linked hands as he said in a low voice, “It was perverse. I’m not, I didn’t grow up with the idea that it was okay. Not like today.”
“Clean, I want him clean.” Tony cannot even think about touching the omega with his filthy hair and skin.
“Yuck,” he said and closed his eyes. Lying here might be the best thing to do. He barely felt the scratchy fabric of the couch anymore.
Steve never hesitated. He ran his tongue up and down Tony’s length as he swallowed and bobbed his head. It thrilled and drove Tony into a madness. He heard someone talking. It might have been him. He didn’t know. He found himself holding Steve’s head, thrusting into his willing, moist mouth. He could have Steve on his cock all day. Holding him and warming him. Even as he thought it their souls chimed together, wrapping tight and urgent. Steve groaned around him as he fisted his hand and pushed it at his own hard cock. Tony couldn’t hold on, he needed more and he grasped at Steve’s hair, pushing farther down his throat and then Steve gripped Tony’s hips, helping him to go deeper still.
Tony bites back his immediate reply. After a second thought, he asks, “The umbrella table and chairs are still out here with a good view of the ocean, right?”
"Were you born that way?" Tony asks and folds his arms and leans on the table; he reminds Steve of lawyers he's watched in his experience as a law man.
As a child Tony knew a distant father who acted as if Tony was an asset more than a son. During drinking binges Howard would talk incoherently about the Movement and yell at Tony to get the fuck away from him. Other more lucid moments had Howard lashing out at Tony in more physical ways. Even now as they turned down a narrow single lane road, Tony rubbed away the ache of pain.
“No.” Clint shook his head. “We didn’t mate then. I saved her. Brought her home. Well, not to my home. But to a safe place. I took care of her. And then-.” He shrugged. “Things happened. I’m not proud of it. I told Laura right away. We tried to work through it. She’s a good woman.”
“I am not supplying any of your shadowy government connections Obie. That’s not happening. We’re at war with the Kree, and I am not going to talk about this again with you.”
“Doctor Banner as the Healer of the group will lead each one of you to the dreamscape that Tony has previously described.” Strange stood at the head of the table. Tony imagined him with a power point presentation of their journey behind him, though the screens were still dark. There was no map or known route. How would they get there? Would they be able to find Steve.
The Brother emblem on his arm sizzled again and he grit his teeth. He had no other choice. “JARVIS?”
The Avengers ship houses the workshop on the lower deck. Steve enters a lift as instructed by JARVIS and finds his way through narrow corridors to the workroom. It’s deserted when he enters. The lights automatically switch on and Steve scans the room looking for the needed supplies. He considers leaving the ship and going back to the Brothel at least he knows where everything is there. Plus, it would be nice to gab with Wanda.
“Yeah,” Steve says and looks to the side because he has a feeling Fury might have listed Bucky as one of the Howling Commandos on his rewrite of history. Bucky probably died in the fire fight.
Tony has to admit that he does like how Steve treats him. Steve’s curious and intuitive. He asks questions and tries not to insult Tony when inquiring about how to do something for someone who’s blind. He’s actually spent hours studying for the position and Tony’s caught him watching YouTube videos on how to interact and assist the visually impaired. He’s dedicated and loyal. But that just makes him sound like Tony’s seeing eye dog, and he’s so much more than that to Tony.
“Hey, I read Popular Mechanics.” Tony frowns at Logan, but the X-man shrugs and adds, “It’s very soothing.”
Silence drops quiet and foreboding before Tony clears his throat and says, “How are you feeling? Do you think you can get to your feet?”
Steve doesn't cry out, or say anything as the minutes pass and Bucky tears through his shirt, as his skin is ripped, and blood smears down his back. He cups a hand behind Bucky's head and keeps him there, only murmuring quiet words of comfort to try and help his friend. Once Banner finishes, Steve lifts Bucky up, not allowing Thor to help, as they clean up. He holds Bucky in his arms as his friend falls into a fitful sleep. He gently settles Bucky on the cot, hating the damage done.
Steve inhaled and exhaled, measured and repeatedly for a few breaths before he nodded. He got to his feet and Tony opened his arms. “Just for a moment.” He slipped his arms around Steve as if he might shatter. Part of Steve cracked and threatened to fracture, but he watched as Tony held him. His arms didn’t tighten, his fangs now more vestigial than real never punctured. Part of Steve missed the comfort of Tony next to him, the sweet smell, the brush of his silky soft skin. Yet another part repulsed the touch and Steve sidestepped away from Tony too soon. To anyone else Tony’s features never changed, but to Steve – he caught the slight frown, the sadness tarnishing his shadowed eyes.
“Not on magical stuff, and-.” He glanced toward the window of his apartment, hearing the racket below – the streets of a city that was his home and his prison. “The future.”
Jarvis jumps to alertness and he disappears so quickly and Bruce appears he swears that there’s something magical about how Jarvis can do it.
Steve agrees though he hasn’t a clue why one Door would be easier than another Door to use. Right now, he needs Tony on his side and thinking beyond the catastrophic failure of the entrance. They have to get moving and toward the outer rim.
“Also, very toxic. He ended up with burns over 30% of his body and his lungs trashed because of it when there was an accident. He didn’t make it. I was only a little over 6 months at the time. Don’t remember any of it.” The tastes the salmon and his mouth waters for more. “Ruined my ma’s lungs too. She could barely work after that. We had to move from the guardsmen installation to the colony proper. That meant we transferred to a tenement apartment with 12 other families.”
“Just what are you doing, Tony?” Howard had asked as Tony sat at the foot of his wide double bed. The footboard acted as his console, the helm of his mighty ship. He had a captain’s hat on as he used an old frisbee as his steering wheel for the helm of his boat.
“Not yet, not yet, my dear prince,” Steve whispers in his ear. He bends down, licks Tony’s weeping cock once and then lightly just to give a little abrasion, drags his teeth along the slit. Tony thrusts again, but Steve holds him back, keeping his orgasm stifled.
For only a second, Steve pauses as he stares at the penciled drawing. “Don’t. Just don’t.” He takes the paper from Tony and adds, “Please leave.”
“You think it’s safe? Well,” Tony says and kneels down. He cups his hands. “Well, then it’s safe.” He brings the fresh water to his lips and drink. The scratch of his throat causes the water to burn a bit as he swallows but it tastes so very good, so very welcome. He drinks again and wants to drink his fill, but Blu splashes across the creek and places his paw on Tony’s hand, stopping him.
Tony had coughed and choked thinking it would be his last fought for breath, but somehow, from somewhere, he managed to dig up the strength to ram his knee into the guy's dick. The maniac howled. Yet, he loosened his grip enough for Tony to slam his head forward and bash his attacker in the nose. Stumbling back, his assailant screamed and Tony faltered to find his feet and get up.
“No. But you are amazing,” Steve chokes back the rest. He can’t blurt out how everything they do together, from biking to eating to working thrills him. How he looks forward to it in the morning, and how he mourns its loss at night. That’s too much. Way too much this early. “Let’s look at the stars for a while.”
Natasha’s nodding next to Tony, but Steve can see tears in her eyes. “Helen thinks she can help. We saved the gland, so she can use that as starting material. They can’t put it back in. It won’t take. They tried that-.”
Walking out of the hospital weeks ago might have been the hardest thing Tony had ever done.  Staying away ranked up there as the second hardest. Throughout the weeks after the fall of the Triskelion and the exposure of SHIELD as a Hydra society, Tony battled and debated with himself about the merits of being part of the soul pack. He tried to keep it rational, logical and devoid of emotions, but Tony admitted that the latter was just impossible for him. Even at a distance he heard the rattling of the soul pack. From the wisp of Natasha as she said farewell and seemed to close herself off, to Bruce fighting on a daily basis to stay sane, to Sam balancing his life and duty with his own hopes and dreams and finally to the ache of Steve as he worked to deal with a sense of abandonment again. Tony refused to take that as an indictment of his actions. Steve shouldn’t feel alone – he had Sam and Peggy. Natasha seemed to feel a long way away so maybe that was a little painful, but Tony – as his Beloved- really meant nothing. Hell, they didn’t even know each other after two years of Steve being awake.
“You repaired her yourself. Wait! After the accident?” Steve gulps and then the distinct sound of his glass hitting the table reverberates. “Sorry. But really?”
“We don’t know,” Bruce replied. “The doctors are still running some tests to make sure they didn’t miss anything.”
“Is that an order?” Steve smiles, and it’s so deliciously delightful Tony almost tosses the plate away and devours him.
Tony sniffles and shakes his head. “No. No, I’m not. You, you’re extraordinary. I’d do anything for you, Blu. Anything-.”
He went to the shower, turned on the faucets and let the water pound onto him for what seemed like hours. He stood there, dumbfounded and stunned. He straight armed it onto the shower wall, leaning his head against his bicep. What the hell was going on? What the hell was wrong with him? These dreams weren’t even like teenaged fantasies. They were full blown reality chasing altered realities. He had no idea how to handle any of it. Was dream Steve really Steve? Was he meeting Steve on some other plane of existence? Was that even possible? Was he just going crazy?
Before they reply, Pepper steps to the podium and welcomes the crowd. “Welcome to the Maria Stark Foundation Gala. As some of you may recall, the first ten years of the gala it was simply a funding raising event by the Starks to draw attention to the fine arts as well as the need for investment in the arts in our schools. Now, the Maria Stark Foundation funds more than 130 primary, elementary, middle, and high schools in disadvantaged areas across the nation. This year the foundation will expand that to over 200 schools.”
“But there are others who would,” Tony says. He pinches the bridge of his nose. “I’m tired. I’m going to bed.”
Tony contemplates his words and then says, “Do you really think I would want to have sex with you after someone violently assaulted you?”
Tony should have said something, should have stopped him, but instead he dropped into one of the kitchen chairs and stared into the darkness outside where Steve had escaped to their barn loft. What the hell was Tony doing? Sabotaging the one good thing that happened to him in the last six months, that was what. He teased at it, had to taunt Steve. Why? Thor’s words came back to Tony, reminding him of his own frailty. He glanced toward the fire pit where the rest of the team huddled together. They would leave this sanctuary and emerge more than a team. They had evolved into a pack here. He felt their presence and it didn’t invade anymore but surrounded and comforted. The idea of it ever being taken from him terrified him. The thought of losing Steve – his love if that’s what it genuinely was – broke him. He couldn’t let it happen.
Over the next two hours Luke picks out, dresses and redresses Steve in various formal wear from uniforms, to suits, to robes. He has a hairstylist come in and work on Steve’s untamed mane. Makeup is purchased and he’s given a short but useful lesson on how to apply a bit of blush and eyeliner. Not much. Apparently, the prince likes a natural look above all else.
“Then how does it work?” Tony asked, his own annoyance ringing clear as a bell. “Because I don’t see any books lying around here telling you about your newly found ability. And what?” He spun on his heels. “No computer, not a surprise, but no computer. So you obviously haven’t done any of the homework.”
Getting across town and to Steve's rundown apartment takes more time than it should considering the hour. He trudges up the creaking wooden steps to Steve’s floor and looks at his phone. It's eleven ten. Sure any sex worker is on the streets right now, but he was supposed to be here by nine. That means he didn't buy the entire night. That means Steve probably had other clients. That thought curdles his hours-old dinner in his belly.
Steve didn’t recognize the voice at first and it took his weary eyes a minute to focus on Bruce who stood on the other side of the bed. Next to him was Natasha and finally Thor at the foot of the bed. The air around him felt different and he instantly knew he was no longer on the handicapped Helicarrier.
“I’ve heard of it, yes,” Bruce says and he shares a concerned glance with Steve. “It’s a fungus, ergot. It can cause someone to have hallucinations, out of body experiences, changes in personality, even cause issues with limbs.”
“Yeah, I do, I get it,” Steve says. He’s naked and still wet. “I get that you and people like you don’t understand what happens to people like me. That I’m doing this and I do it well and there’s nothing wrong with it.”
“No, no. I could use some company that’s not trying to manipulate me in that way. Other ways are just fine.” He winks at Steve. Scratching his temple and then pointing at the door where Steve entered, the prince asks, “So what were you doing down here.”
“I’ve had worse,” Steve responds and offers Tony the thin broth with what appears to be rice, but could just as well be maggots. He tells himself it’s protein and he doesn’t want his balls to swell up with beriberi so he should just eat it and be quiet.
Steve mutters, “Yeah, that would be nice.” He knows full well that will never happen. Their days are numbered and there’s no such thing as someday for someone like Steve.
Steve had left Sam safe at home in DC. None of what Natasha said made any sense. Instead it formed a sinking hole in his heart. Steve teetered on the opening maw of the abyss. While he’d hid away, tried to stay away from it all and lick his wounds like some beaten dog, the world marched on without him. Marching to a drum roll of intolerance and hatred. No. He’d failed his duty. His sworn duty as soldier in the Army had been to protect. But what had happened? The country he loved roiled and turned rank with despicable deeds.
Just a little note: Chapter 9 is a long one - 15k and just sent to my beta reader so it might be a little late coming.
Tony had reached out with a fig leaf in the shape of a pen set. Yet, Steve knew the difference when it came to Tony. He could feel the distance between them even then.
“My dad was a tag along on that experiment. On a lot of experiments.” Tony chews on his toast. Steve only gave him two eggs but that’s more than enough for him. He drinks his coffee.
“No,” Steve says. “And you said no, and I should respect that.” Steve nods and he understands there’s more he needs to do, more he needs to accomplish before he succumbs to the lull of the waves. He should re-evaluate what he’s doing, get his head back in the game. It’s a Collapsing Event and with that it means the whole world, the whole of the Realms may fall into darkness. “I suppose I need to figure out what happened, why I can’t cross the Boundaries.”
Steve hadn’t know exactly what Tony was saying when he retorted to Steve’s comment about Wanda being just a kid. He’d furrowed his brows and shook his head.
“Yeah, well what about that girl you want to marry. You know, Dot.” Steve had asked and it was cold and he shivered in his too thin coat. Bucky only rolled his eyes and pulled off his own scarf to wrap it around Steve.
Hawkeye gave a salute and went back inside the jet. As they stepped away, the Quin Jet rose and launched into the air, the hot exhaust blowing back at them. Tony collapsed as it disappeared into the heavens, but Sam kept his wits about him and managed to catch him before he fell.
Steve only waves at him and the shirt stretches over his back – where those weird welts are. The rips in the shirt don’t hide them, and Tony glimpses something – something odd about those welts.
“It’ll slow down the poisoning, but it’s not a cure,” Fury said and then Nat took her place next to him again.
Strange interrupts again. “It’s clear to me and to your therapists that you never moved beyond denial, Tony. Well.” He stops and does a little bob of his head as if to concede the point. “You probably hit anger a few times. But you’ve never truly accepted your situation.”
“Still fools. You fight against the way of the world. Vampires are always with us. They are humans just like us-.”
Steve nods. Mainly because he doesn’t know what else to do. Why is Jarvis telling him this? He’s a stranger in the house and he’s just started the job not more than 4 hours ago. “Okay?”
As Clint spoke, Steve went over the details of the story. Clint cornered Natasha. Cornered her. How? She faded into the shadows easily enough. She hopped between realms as she called it or as Tony said in passing once bent dimensions and stepped through them.
Tony hung his head. He pressed his hands into his eyes and said in a low voice almost to himself, “I get it now. I understand.”
Steve watches him go without further comment. Crumpling to the bed, Steve releases his hold on the pain and it washes over him. He shivers as it controls him, as the agony of his ravaged wings consumes his consciousness. He needs to struggle against it, fight it, get on his two feet and find out what the hell is happening. But the Boundaries are closed, and Steve cannot hide his wings. He tries, but fails – he wonders if the pain precludes any ability to transmute them. He doesn’t know enough, it’s not that he’s young, or stupid, but that he should have a guide to bring him through the Transformation. No angel should shift through the transformation alone.
Tony giggles at that but doesn’t struggle as Steve leads him to the single cot. “Rest, I’ll see what I can do.” When Tony drops off on the cot, his eyes immediately close, and Steve wonders how long the man goes without sleep or food.
“What does it mean to be in love for anyone? Just because we’re this strange new thing, doesn’t mean we’re not us,” Tony whispered and bent closer to Steve, awaiting his signal.
“Great,” Steve says as he stands and wipes his hands down his pants again. He doesn’t know what to expect or what he should do.
Steve put his hands on his hips, nodded a few times, and then said, “Fine. Fine. Tell the team, I’m going to bed. We should finish getting our supplies tomorrow. We ship out on Friday.”
He enjoyed the company of all of his team mates, though he spent most of it with Steven. The Captain possessed the same mindset - he was a warrior and he pledged to do good - as Thor had. The Captain spent his time and his life striving toward that one goal. Thor found companionship in his daily workouts, his strategy sessions, his team meetings. It pained Thor when the Captain canceled a meeting or skipped a sparring session for some other obligation. Thor would sit staring - blank and empty inside - hoping that that Captain might find more time for him. He felt foolish and stupid. He worked off the frustration in the gym, but still when the Captain graced his presences again, the lights brightened and the world’s burden lifted from Thor.
The kind woman that spoke to him is clearly a demon – her pupils are red with the curse. After she finishes speaking into the shadows, she goes behind the Silver Knight’s cot and he hears the clanking of a kettle and metal utensils. Soon she is back at his side with a steaming cup in her hands.
Drinking his full as Steve rutted against strung Tony into a new bliss.  Somehow, he managed to unzip pants, and then tug away Steve’s boxers. Pre-come coated Steve’s erection and Tony took him in hand, along with his own stiff cock. Sure, Tony wouldn’t come like a human, not anymore. Yet a climax for a vampire redefined the term pleasure. Against him Steve whined and nudged Tony to drink more. He would, when he was ready to come. Tony stroked Steve, playing with his nail at the very edge of his slit. Steve threw back his head making unintelligible sounds. His movements became more anxious, more hungry. Almost as filled with hunger as Tony had been when Steve burst through the rowhouse’s door.
With a little finagling, Tony set one of the robot heads on the table with the neck pointed upward. “This should work.” He punched in a few commands on his phone while mentally wishing for his tablet. Some things he could tell JARVIS to do, but others he needed to manipulate. It took a few tries but then the accessed data glimmered and shone above the dining room table projected from the skull of a dead robot. Tony reached over the head and spun the lay out of the woods surrounding an old castle. He enlarged it by splaying his hands out. “Here we go.”
“Well, then you leave him to Estane. Estane along with Rossi will have a powerful coalition, especially since many saw that Rossi would be the heir to the High Alpha Chair when Spector abdicated and went into seclusion,” Steven says. “That leaves this table and the other alphas that might sign on behind you.”
It rocks Steve down to his core. He’d asked that question once to Peggy when he sat with her. He remembers how he questioned everything, how he didn’t even know what was right anymore. But the truth remains, tied to his heart that the Revelation came to him and he sees that the Soul Keeper, the Red Skull, used him for his own nefarious purposes – there can be no right to that. “I know enough to know that you’ve used everyone. You’ve captured them as the Soul Keeper, and you’ve kept them here from moving on.”
“I missed you as well,” Steve says and wishes he kept his hat. At least then he’d have something to do with his hands. Tony still drives him off center.
“We know of Agent Carter,” Wong replied. He folded his hands in front of him and reminded Steve of one of the nuns from his primary school days.
“You want a beer, soda, water?” Steve plops the dough into a big plastic bowl and covers it with a clean dishtowel.  Coffee is suspiciously absent in the list of drinks.
Why does that name sound familiar? He’s been out of circulation for seventy years, he still has a lot to catch up on.
Tony interrupted him. “That truck is traceable and a piece of junk. We go to one of my cars. They don’t know all of my cars. We should be safe using them.”
“Your wing. I can’t get the doctor to come back out, I don’t know what else to do,” Tony says.  He grabs the canvas bag and digs through it, throwing empty medicine bottles on the table next to the bed. “I gave you the antibiotics, but nothing helps. Nothing.”
“You two need some time?” Bruce asked. He thumbed behind him to the hospital room. “I’m gonna go and check on our leader.” He left them then, Tony should have called out, asked him to stay but he turned to Bucky instead.
“You know this isn’t a battle, right? We’re just going out to have some fun. Or what you think is fun, what I think is purely suicidal tendencies.” Tony jogs downstairs to find Steve unlocking the sliding glass doors to the deck. There has to be at least two feet of snow piled on the deck. “No! It will all fall into the house!”
The second clinician agreed, but then added, “This specimen is different. It’s been exposed for years. Though we can’t verify the number, we believe longer than five years. Most of the specimens at this stage the root of the feeding glands has started to wither. This specimen’s root glands are in very good condition.”
“Yeah, I do.” Steve clears his throat. “It’s remarkable, you know. You knew that it wasn’t mine. That it was someone else’s. That’s pretty impressive.”
Bruce came out of the bathroom with an old dirty pair of jeans on as he was pulling on sweatshirt over his head. “Do you know how they work?” He freed his head and adjusted the sleeves (they were too long). “I never spent a lot of time worrying about them. I mean, when I started to hear about them as a reality, it was scientific curiosity but since I couldn’t partake I just ignored it.”
Tony nodded but the melancholy wouldn’t fade from his eyes. “So we define it our way. Just don’t – I can’t handle it if you decide I’m disgusting because I want to be with another guy. I can’t handle prejudice against my sexuality.”
“And you cannot come here and try and lure me back,” Tony said and hoped his declaration would quell Pepper’s fretting as she chewed at her lower lip, and continued to tug at her hair.
Steve turns and smiles. The light from the windows falls over Tony like a halo. “Somethings we do as a team, somethings are best left private.” He pauses and reaches out his hand. They’ve barely touched, what they have is so intimate it’s hard to think about touching. Tony clasps it and the feedback spark between them intensifies the sensation. “Do you think it will last?”
“Honesty? You demand honesty from me. That’s rich, that’s really rich from you.” Tony hisses. “Fuck, I promised I wouldn’t go there. I promised myself this would be a new beginning for us. I want it to be. I really want it to be.”
A hand wraps around his throat and Steve staggers backward, slipping on the snowy ice and falling to the ground. The impact jars him but Hulk’s hand never lets go. Steve grips Hulk’s wrist, trying but failing to get him to release. Hulk’s hot breath smells putrid, something that Steve doesn’t remember from reality and must be an added touch by Ultron. He coughs and gags at the stench, only making it harder to breathe with the tightening paw around his neck.
“Probably a while,” Clint said. “I don’t really know. I was able to get a bit of info from security and ops but not that much. I don’t think they know anything about the safe houses.”
Before he catches up with the action around him, Doctor Cho is speaking to Tony, “The gland is not in the greatest condition. Parts of it have gone necrotic even though it was properly stored. We’ve done the best we can with the process. I’m most concerned about the nerve bundle or stem. It has the worst damage to it.”
Steve only wants to repeat the same words back to Tony, but instead, he grasps the smaller man’s shoulders. He wants to touch, anything even a chaste interaction. “Is that a bad thing?”
When he wakes early the next day, Blu is munching on the last of the hare. He’s licking his lips and seems fairly content. Tony peeks at him and then realizes the wounds on his face have completely disappeared. “What the hell?” He steps closer and investigates. There is no trace at all of the puncture wounds the littered Blu’s face and paw. “How?”
Tony frowns. “I don’t think that’s going to work. We need to go forward. We don’t have any other chance to get through this. Going back just makes us have to face Loki and the maze again. There’s no logic in that.”
Dumbfounded was the only word to describe the Capsicle’s look. He furrowed that brow of his and then zeroed in on Tony. “Considering the number of floors, no, I didn’t expect you to be with Doctor Banner. I half expected you to be with your Miss Potts.”
“Well then, I think Wong will train both of you. I assume this means we will have greater exchange of information?” Strange gripped his hands together, but Steve noted a slight tremor as if they were not as strong as they should be.
“Just to help out figure out what’s going on, why it’s building the way it is,” Steve said and clasped his hands together. He tried to look non-threatening. “Please.”
After as they came back to themselves Tony looked down at Steve, his lips bright and bruised, his cheeks high with color, and he stroked a hand down his face. Gently. Softly. "Tell me."
“It might be best if you let us see, Tony,” Bruce said. “We could help with the noise in your head.” He gestured for Tony to reveal the markings. “It’s the least I can do, considering we haven’t been allowed to see him yet.” The annoyance rang through the bond like a bell struck close to his head. He flinched a little. “You need to let us help you.”
“Amazing.” Steve bobs his head in agreement. He keeps silent on his views of gays so Tony deosn’t press it. The last few days must be hard enough. Tony’s not going to get into a debate about whether he agrees with him.
“We don’t need to create it,” Tony says. “The other reality is a pocket universe already. We just have separate it.”
Bucky walked around the room as if he recognized it, slumping into a tattered sofa that probably doubled as a bed if the blankets and pillows piled on the one cushion were any indication. He waited for Tony as if there was something they were supposed to be doing here. Tony stayed put near the window.
“This will make things a little easier.” He dabs some of the yellow oil on his hands and then lightly lines Steve’s cock with his finger. It feels like fire, it feels like ice, it feels like his blood might sizzle and pop out of him. His nerves jump and skip and he’s panting now.
“What happened?” Tony indicated the mess of the benches, the glass all over the floor, the dented centrifuge. He tiptoed across the glass but it still crunched under his shoes.
Steve only half hears him. He needs to get to the shower and clean up. Plus his lungs are tight from all the crying he did and he needs to switch out that patches. “Okay. I’ll just.” He points over his shoulder (in the wrong direction of the shower). “Go shower.” He escapes before Tony can reconsider his offer.
“Master Tony has been my charge since he was born. My wife and I have nearly raised him as our own. His parents were very busy, and we were more than happy to step into the roles.”
“Don’t worry about it. I’ll take the late train,” Sam said. “I’ll be there tonight. I expect pizza.”
“Oh Steve.” That’s Bucky in the background again – but this time it’s not mockery, it’s genuine concern.
When he recalls those memories now, Tony thinks it’s funny. As he sits on the edge of the cot, ready to stumble awake from another restless night in cave in the middle of nowhere. Sitting not 4 meters away from him is a large lion with the same blue eyes. It looks mournful and isolated like it hasn’t been with its kind in years. It reminds him of his Blu. When he finally dug that old stuffed animal out of the corner, it had been covered with dust and its fur faded from too many hours with a shaft of sunlight hitting it from the window.
“Yes, it is. And when you would ever think I wouldn’t want to know? That I would go along with something like this?” He tears away the blankets and stands up on wobbly legs. “I want to see her. I want to see her now.” His legs shake like sticks in the wind.  He grips the side of the bed. “Tony told me to get up, to get moving. We have things to do. We need to deal with Ross.”
It is all he can do to keep it together when he sees the distressed look in Bucky’s eyes. But then he realizes Bucky isn’t looking at him at all. Steve peers over his shoulder to follow the line of Bucky’s gaze, only to see Tony slipping out the back door of the saloon.
“You’ve got it,” Steve said and pressed the disconnect after they said their farewells. At least when Sam arrived Steve felt a little more at home. It wasn’t that Steve took Tony’s hospitality lightly at all. The fact that Tony designed floors – apartments – for each of the team members overwhelmed him. Each of the floors had the best technology, yet like his floor, it was designed to make each person feel comfortable. Steve’s apartment had all the bells and whistles but everything had been reconfigured and camouflaged to look like something out of the forties, from the microwave to the television. Sure the television was a flatscreen and huge, but the little wood frame around it with the gold rimming reminded Steve of his radio back in the day.
Yet, the lion twists in Tony’s arms, struggling and growling in the wind. He’s not sure what the animal wants and with a few short seconds before they hit the rocky terrain below, Tony doesn’t have any time to figure it out, but then the big cat’s front paws go around Tony, holding onto him. His massive head braces against Tony’s, the softness of the mane cushioning his head. He tries manually to force the suit to turn in the air so that he can take the brunt of the fall. Maybe the metal alloy of the suit will save them. But it’s all in vain, the ground is far too close, and the armor is dead in the sky.
Bucky brushes off the twigs and snow. There’s a dusting all over the ground as it snowed over the last few hours. He peers up in the sky, scanning for the ships. He hears them before he finds them. A loud boom cracks the night and Sam ducks as the forest around them quakes and trembles against the horrible sounds. He shields his eyes against the glare of the explosions.
Steve grunts into the mattress but manages to nod his head. Tony drags Steve’s arm up and over his shoulders as he bends down.
It turns out that the soup is delicious but with a bitterness to it that stings. His eyes water as he eats. She blows on her spoon and lifts a chin to him.
There were so many things Tony wanted to ask. But how could he ask any of them? Now wasn’t the time. Yet the fear raged through Tony, and he contained it only out of sheer willpower as he took in the abuse Steve had suffered. The stains of what had happened to Steve riddled his body with scars. He caressed Steve’s bare shoulder. So many scars. Would the serum heal them? Would it have a chance? Could Steve survive?
“It doesn’t matter. We can fix this. There are ways to fix this,” he said, and he wondered if he was only saying the words to comfort himself more than his friend.
Natasha smiled and it hid something that pierced Tony in the chest as firmly and completely as the bomb shards had. She said, “Not really.” As she moved to take her exit, she looked over her shoulder at Tony – all confidence and sex. “Might want to think about those Avenger floors of yours. If you’re really retired, what do you need them for?” She hopped on the elevator that JARVIS had waiting for her and disappeared before he could quiz her on how she discovered he’d planned floors for each of his teammates. He stood there, staring at the closed lift, teeth clenched.
“But am I back for good?” Steve looks at him this time, his eyes a glitter. The low light streaming from the window highlights the tears.
The elevator doors opened knocking him out of his reverie and he walked out of the lift. The long, bright hallway, white and chrome with glass doors at the entrance to the med-bay, felt sterile but inviting. The walls had frameless oil paintings in the style of post-modern. Steve wasn’t sure he liked it much but it matched the highly stylized, futuristic look of the Tower. Back in the day a lot of hospitals had white and army green colors with metal framed beds. Welcoming was not a word he would use. The med-bay looked to be minimally staffed and he wondered how that would work if the team had a real emergency. He’d have to ask Tony, but that was something that could wait. He opened the door of the med-bay and several staffers – nurses – at the station peered up at him. What he assumed was a station actually looked more like a curved laboratory bench. And the nurses? Not nurses at all, he didn’t think.
“Talk about what?” Tony opens up a container, can’t tell what it is, and then puts it back. “Do you like tuna? I know how to make a tuna sandwich.”
“It’s the best excuse for you to be there-.” Tony grabs at his hands, holding them. “Come on, I just did save your life.”
She nods and gives him the room number.  Like a flash Tony takes off toward Steve’s hospital room. Rhodey is fast on his heels trying to stop him, but Tony crashes into Steve’s room like a hurricane.
For Tony Blu overshadows everything. When he sleeps Blu is the subject of his dreams. When he wakes, he feels the loss like a physical thing in his gut. He wants to go on a drinking binge, but something stops him. He needs to dull the pain, mute it, numb it. All that makes the silent ache fade is to sleep. He crawls into bed and ignores the rest of the world. Sleep takes him but she isn’t a sweet mistress but a vengeful one. She wraps him in fear and solitude. She twists and contorts him, she transforms him.
She knocked his arm. “That’s not what I meant, Stark.” She mumbled something in Russian. “You’re blue because you’re getting hungry, too hungry. Get some blood out of the fridge.”
“Kind enough,” Steven says. “Like you said, we were not lovers. He loved his wife deeply. We were great friends, I owed him a lot. He took me as an omega when his previous omega died-.”
“It comes down to what you’re going to believe, I suppose,” Tony whispered. He couldn’t find the strength to fight the profundity of the moment, weighed as it was with such solidity.
“And I am not a messenger boy, but here we are both indebted to Ms. Potts and Mister Stark for the many generous donations to our clinic and research institute.” Strange deadpans at Wong and they both turn to stare at Steve, expectant.
“Can’t you just shift us all through to where ever you came from?” Tony asked as he slipped his arms under Steve. His muscles still ached from the recent transformation, but he found strength in being close to his mate.
“I said that – it did not sink in,” Steve said. He placed the food on the coffee table. “The thing is I can understand a bit of where he’s coming from. If I found out my parents had been killed by someone I had to have a close relationship with, I think I would be upset as well.”
He nodded, and she slipped away from him. Another part of his human life gone. Once she left Natasha turned to him. Her urgency vibrated through the room.
Sam pressed his lips into a tight line before finally saying, “I’m not sure. All I get is noise from him. He’s very confused. Maybe if the pack was all together we could help him out.”
“Naysayer,” Tony said and then spent the next fifteen minutes searching the place for anything to plug into the outlet. When he stopped, empty handed, he glowered at Steve. “Don’t you say it.”
I have relatives visiting for the next few weeks so getting time to revise is going to be nearly impossible. I hope to get the next chapter up (at the latest) 6 August! Sorry for the delay.
“But the fact is once you split us, disentangle us, we’ll be separate. He’ll be the Steve who-.” He halts as if the words taste like acid on his tongue. “It won’t happen to me; it won’t be my future. It never really happened.”
Steve interrupts Clint. “We’ll need to go after him.” It’s no use for Thor to go after Loki; their feuds are legend and bringing his brother back to town won’t be easy. Loki can be volatile and unpredictable and dangerous – all rolled up into one very intelligent man.
He sends Happy a note and tells him to go home; Tony plans on sticking it out until tomorrow or later. Who knows? He rests on the bed next to Steve as he sleeps. The bruises on his face already look a week old. His ribs are probably mending at an accelerated rate. He touches Steve, lightly and tenderly brushing back his hair and noting how very young he looks. He checks and sees that Steve Rogers went into the ice in his mid-twenties. Young. Strong. Naive.
Tony startles. “You’re Thor Odinson, from Norway? Your family practically rules the North Atlantic. And you putting in the transatlantic telegraph. Some people call it the Bifrost.  You’re that Thor Odinson?”
She’s silent for a moment. “Okay. But please remember what I said and answer some of my text messages once in a while. Maybe pick up the phone some time.”
First, he froze in Tony’s hands, paralyzed and then as the anti-toxic took effect, he trembled. HE shook as if he attempted to dislodge him but then Tony realized it wasn’t that at all. The mating reaction – the human’s urgent and wrecking orgasm strummed through him. At that point the vampire could chose to destroy the mating reaction by either drinking the human dry or stop drinking entirely, and biting while forcing the paralytic toxic back into his fangs.  It ceased the mating and cut away the human’s ability to move or follow. Many humans, after an aborted glamour mating, ended up numb, nearly catatonic automatons. Tony lifted his head, to reverse course, to entice the paralytic into his fangs, but the man’s hand stayed his motion. He pushed Tony back onto his neck and whispered the word, please.
The word ‘destroyed’ floats up to his consciousness and he feels its buoyancy as if he clings to it like a raft against the tide of his life, against the decisions. As he does, he wakes further from his rest and recognizes the inside of the cradle. The pain still spears him and he wants to grab at his gland, but he’s tied down, unable to move. He struggles but with each movement of his body the pain expands across his chest, tightening like a vice. It feels like an asthma attack and he grapples to gulp a lungful of air. He feels like he’s failing.
“That’s a first,” Natasha says – he assumes that’s her name, but maybe Steve is only calling out to someone he knew in his fevered dreams.
Aunt May stops him and he walks up to her front stoop. Her little house is near the Backway, where a line of houses near the main street litter the town. She’s been sewing again since she has her quilts all lined up on the front porch.
“Happy.” He hums a little. “Happy I always picture as a nervous Santa Claus. Lord, please don’t tell him. Please. He would be mortified.”
“You must be more than appreciative. You must commit.” Jarvis is a tall man. He’s doesn’t have the bulk of muscles that Steve has, but he possesses the height and a certain protective mode that can only be likened to an animal protecting its cub. “It has been years since sir has opened up and revealed his state to anyone. He lives a very secure life. He might look like the partier. He may flash smiles at the paparazzi. But that is all superficial. Master Tony is not made of iron, Captain Rogers.”
“And you were a wily adversary,” Tony chimes in. “You were a bastard of a knight to hunt. Let me tell you that.”
Thor is up there as is Tony's friend, Happy. They're up there holding Bucky down as Bruce works to clean the wound, lance out the poison, and gets the fragments of the knife out of Bucky's internal organs. Squeezing his eyes shut, Steve leans against the window frame and clamps a hand over his eyes. Tony puts a hand on his shoulder, and Steve's grateful but he cannot allow it. He moves away and doesn't look back to see if there's disappointment in Tony's eyes.
Tony stared down at his toy. “I thought it did.” He looked up at Jarvis. “I thought it had a happy ending. That the lion found his home. That he found his love and found peace and his place in the world. That’s what you told me.”
His hands are treasures as they stroke and massage the length of Steve’s wings. Tony hums a little as he caress the breadth of Steve’s wingspan. “You can’t even tell they were burnt, now.”
“A Statement of Responsible Actions.” Steve nods. “If we address what went down with Ultron and how we intend to modify how we act – I think it’s possible. I think we can do this, Tony. It’ll take a lot of work and collaboration.”
Tony recalled Steve doing something similar to that after the train crash. Instead of continuing a confrontational avenue to discuss Barnes, Tony went another way. “So, you know him, right? What do you think he’s doing there? Is he there to exact vengeance on Hydra? Or is he there looking for a handler? Looking for his masters?”
“You came into the presentation suite. You came to me. What did you expect?” The challenge rises in his voice again, in his demeanor even though he’s naked with the belt holding him flaccid.
They play against one another, mouths chasing and tongue licking as the water sloshes around them, bubbles lapping over the sides of the tub. Tony leans back against the slope of the tub and Steve bends with him, the water surface spilling over them until it runs up their faces and Steve drops under the surface. He emerges laughing and grabbing at Tony to spin him under as well. Kissing under water is hit and miss, but when they break the surface again, both of them are gulping for air and giggling at their stupidity.
“Steve!” Tony holds him. “It’s him. It’s the Keeper. He’s trying to tangle your soul, keep you bound to him. You have to fight it! You have to fight! Hold onto me, Steve. Use me as your anchor.”
The word pierces his chest as if he’s been run through with a spear. He drops his own sword and stumbles back. His mouth gape open. “Wh-what did you call me?”
Tony nods and leans into Steve’s hand. “We did this together, Steve. I’m forever grateful for your help, but more, I could live a thousand years with you as my eyes.” Steve tries to blink away the tears that blur his vision, but it’s Tony who reaches up and catches them as they fall from his eyes. “Tell me I’m reading this right.”
It turned out that Tony had to wait a whole two weeks before Jarvis carted him to the local library. He had his little paper card clenched in his fist. Most children weren’t allowed library cards until they would much older, but his mother convinced the librarian. Tony overheard her promise an endowment and then the librarian relented. With his card, he’d read books and learned what an endowment meant. His mother bought his way into the library and all the books.
Suddenly self-conscious, Steve touches the tunic and wonders if he should go back to the bathroom and retrieve the robe.
“The bond,” Tony said and bowed his head. He had wanted it. Then he could only freeze in terror of it, and now he mourned it. What the hell did he want? He didn’t know, he couldn’t tease apart his fears from his excitement. “It’s not strong. He wasn’t strong enough at the time.”
He hears a scuffling behind him and finds Tony by his side, his hand at the small of Steve’s back. “Then let me come with you.”
“That’s about it. Simple, right?” Tony offers his hand again and Steve grasps hold of it to hoist him to his feet. He checks Tony’s backpack and then slings on his own.
Steve drags Tony over to the bike and flips open the hood of the small trunk. “No. I can’t, but I’m still starved so we have to get our food. Even if it is getting cold. Here take the milkshakes. They only made a little bit of a mess in the trunk.” Steve foists the milkshakes at Tony. He manages to hold the cardboard tray and not tip them over while Steve retrieves the bag with their food. “Can you hang on or should I just put a hand on your shoulder?”
“If the lord commands me, I will tell you. But I have to admit, I wish you wouldn’t,” Steven says and his words are so formal – so alien that Tony knows – deep in his heart – that it’s simply wrong the way he’s speaking.
“So, he thanked me and that was it. Then I saw him at the clinic. He left straight after.” Rhodey’s voice takes on strange strained sound to it, like he’s forcing the words out. It’s almost as if he’s building fences with his words but he’s worried it might crumble around him.
In silence Tony bites back his words and tries not to feel the knot of repugnance in his gut. Pep takes his hand because she knows when to comfort him. She brings him to the elevator and they take the lift up. The open elevator affords them a 360 degree view of the facility. Tony would call it a prison, because that’s what it is. As the elevator rises he scans the area, the small cells look like some parody of an ancient zoo. Each holding cell with its glass barrier allows viewers to observe the inmates. Some of the cells are lit, most are dark. He wonders if that means they are empty or if the omega within has succumbed to despair wrought from living in a place made of metal alloy and stone with no comfort given to them at all.
As Steve climbs to his feet, Tony follows him. “I suppose the rest of the day is awash, Sheriff? And I so wanted to bring to your attention the subject of my payment for services rendered.”
His heart raced for a different reason then for the idea of finding Steve again for holding him for the first time. They'd never confessed feelings, feelings that were truly prohibited to the Jedi order. He hurried to follow her orders but not before she stopped him with these words.
“Here? Now?” Tony spun around in the little bathroom even though he hit his elbows on the door frame and nearly fell into the toilet.
In no time at all the rest of their clothes have been discarded. On the bed, side by side they kiss in small seeking kisses, not exploring, not deep, just beyond a friendly peck but this side of passionate. It’s lazy and beautiful and tingles every nerve in Tony’s body. Their needs for one another slow cooks in drowsy waves of yearning and Tony appreciates every morsel of it. Eventually he moves on, discovering the ridges and curves of Steve’s well sculpted body. Every touch and pause he makes causes Steve to hiss and shiver against his palm. When Steve reciprocates the touches, it amplifies in Tony’s head, it coils deep in his groin, it sets a blaze of want and desire in his nerves.
“And the Red Skull? He was there, too? What’d he come back as? That snake? Was he that snake that bit you?”
The sky darkens in response and he shudders. His hands are stiff and frozen by the time they get to the downed jet. Ice clogs the entrance in the back of the Quin Jet. It looks like a giant iceberg grows out of the backend of the jet. There’s no getting into it that way.
“It means that I need you to throw us a line,” Bruce said and then closed off Tony’s protests by focusing back on Steve again. “Let’s try this. Follow my lead.” He bobbed his shoulders up and down, as if he was loosening up before a big sporting event.
Most of the time, Thor wore his armor sans cape. Yet on the farm, he’d taken to wearing civilian clothes, even when they were playing war games. Usually during their training exercises, Thor wore his chainmail over his civilian clothes. It felt all wrong and out of place, like someone decided to dress up a golden retriever. Still, Thor seemed comfortable in the two sizes too small plaid shirt and the torn jeans. He’d tied back his hair, though a few strands fell free around his face.
“Tony, what are you doing out here?”  He startles and looks up to find Pep walking down the path toward him. “Where is Steven? The meeting starts in five minutes.”
“I have boots or my beat-up sneakers.” The boots are ridiculous and for riding his motorcycle with steel tips, but his sneakers are torn. Boots it is. He briefly weighs whether or not he should just ride his bike to the gala. Giving him a quick out has its merits, but then driving a motorcycle all the way to the gala negates getting dressed up. Cab it is. He sits down on a box and digs out his boots from another box. He puts them on; they don’t mess up the line of the slacks too much.
Without a second thought, Steve races up the stairs, taking the broken steps two at a time. He shoves past Darcy and mumbles an apology and enters the room. There's blood pooling on the floor beneath the cot, there's the stench of metal and iron, and festering wounds. He steels himself, forcing the lurking memories away to focus on the present and not the terror of the past.
“Are you sure? You looked positively delightful.” He goes to the kitchen. “All you have are bananas.”
“You double booked me? During a contract with the prince? With Prince Anthony Stark. He’s the most powerful prince of the Conclave. Forget that the Stations are independent and aren’t under the influence of the Systems’ governance, Natasha you are playing with fire!” Steve seethes as his whole body trembles with anger.
“You going to sit down and have a smoke?” Suddenly the scene changes, the knife disappears, the whittled stick flakes away.  Bucky has a pack of cigarettes in his hand. The Italian brand that he always griped about – how did Ultron know about it? That small detail? “Come on smoke with me, you jerk.”
“Steve, damn it, Steve,” Tony says and rushes to his side. He can’t bend down all the way, the armor doesn’t allow it. But Steve’s perched on a load of ammunition, blood streaked down his face, his chest a massive wound, bleeding freely. “No, no, no, we were supposed to go together. Together. I can get you out. I can get you.”
“Sorry sir, Mer Stane, I found him. He has some kind of device on his wrist. I think he might be a spy,” Rumlow says.
“Damn it, damn it,” Steve sputters as notices the blue on Tony’s lips, the gaunt and wan look to his skin. Steve hesitates for a second as the images of the war dead come unbidden to mind. He wipes the thoughts away with a grunt and then turns Tony’s head. He clears out his mouth, but that doesn’t help.  He’s not breathing.
He turns to the clone of himself, of Natasha. “You can’t do this. This isn’t what happened. You both -.” He stops himself. “You know it, Ultron. Tony don’t believe them. Don’t think I saw it. I never saw it.”
“But you love me as a sister, not as a lover or a wife. You can’t stop being Iron Man for me. You never could,” Pepper said. “And I can’t stop asking you to not be Iron Man. What does that mean to me? I can’t do this to you.”
“The girl and her brother?” Tony repeated. His brain slogged through the information. He felt like there was mud up to his chest and he was trying to run. He scowled at Steve. “You’re going to have to give me more data than that.”
The man studies him for a long few minutes, and the silence weighs on Steve. The heat of the room, the old odors of sex and musk hang heavily through the air and all Steve can do is hope. The man wipes away the last of the come and then leans over Steve. With strong arms he lifts Steve into his embrace and then brings him into a kiss. Steve hasn’t been kissed since Tony and his body quakes in response. But it is not the right response. It is just one of curiosity and longing from the absence of hope. They kiss and it feels like a mechanical act. He cannot even call on his primitive mind to come to the fore and help him. There’s nothing more for it. Even the simple beauty of kissing has been taken away from him. He tears away from the alpha and jumps up. Going to the door to the bathroom, he lingers there for only a moment.
She chuckles. “Seriously, it’s just Pepper. The title is truly honorary since I spend most of my time running errands for a very wayward prince.” She holds a tablet close to her chest. “Come this way, I’ll show you to your quarters then you can meet the prince.”
Steve wants to roll his eyes, but he just drops his gaze. He doesn’t want to insult her, but some of her answers are too nebulous to understand. Steve’s pretty sure he understands why Thor prefers Earth and humans. He doesn’t think they’re as vague – most of the time. He concentrates on Tony.  He might be wrong about that; he lost a lot of time with his ability to dance around his feelings about Tony – though he wouldn’t trade Tony’s daughter for the world.
Luke snickers. “Seems to me that there’s a little jousting going on here. Now, who is going to win?” Luke crosses his arms and watches the two of them.
It closes the door on asking anything else, on any other conversation. Tony could demand answers, punish for answers, but where has that gotten him in the last days? He needs to reassess how he will interact and treat Steven. Being a bonded pair has depth to it that Tony never imagined. Talking to Natalie opened his eyes a little over the days of the conference. It allowed him to see what he’d been missing, what Estane had clouded his brain with.
“God, Tony!” Steve says and yanks his hand away. He’s blinking rapidly. “Don’t do that. I can’t.” His hands are pressed on his temples. “I can’t hear it. It’s everything I want. It’s like a fantasy. But I can’t have it. It’s not real. It’s a fairy tale.”
What’s the old saying? In for a penny in for a pound? Whatever that means?  Steve seals his fate and says, “For you, yes.”
“No. I’m just-.” He stopped and then had decided on the truth. “I just worry that you’ve given over too much of yourself to the war. What will be left when it is over?” Steve placed his hand on Tony’s cheek, feeling the stubble. “What will be left?”
“Sacrificed his gland?” Tony says. He knows some of his family history, but not this far back. “That sounds like a myth. Like that Medieval myth of Antonio and Stefan, Stiofan, whatever. Remember that one? My mother used to tell me those stories.”
Tony’s not sure what to believe but he shrugs on his jacket and heads out the hospital room door. “Where is he now?”
As if reading his mind, Steve calls from outside the room. “We can still exchange if you want. I think I got the biggest room.”
“Damned guards,” Tony mutters and his glasses light up. He keys into the local network and it feeds him information, specifically detailing the discovery of the omega – in the Hillside Facility on Arctica. The stasis container had failed years ago according to the data. The omega survived somehow and when discovered was revived only to be used in training exercises since he refused to talk or answer questions. It was theorized based on facial records and partial genetic records still available after the Uprising, that the omega might have been synced to a member of the Carbonelli Family. Tony smiled at that little factoid. Things were falling into place. And that slight niggling in the back of his mind came to the fore.
“Get the packing going. We should leave.” He knew he sounded like an ass ordering her around, but he’d back it up to her later. Buy her something, or get some art. Or something. He didn’t wait to hear her plans or to answer where he’d gone. Instead he rode the elevator down to Bruce’s research floor and ended up not finding anyone at all. He did find a lot of broken glassware and a centrifuge that had a huge fist print in the side wall of it. Maybe having a guy that could turn into the Hulk at any given moment 32 floors up wasn’t the grandest idea he’d ever had in his life.
Steve purrs. “Well, I hope you do.” He saunters in front of Tony, hoping that his little ploy with ease the tension between them. He’s never been the greatest flirt, but Wanda spent the last two months teaching him not to be ashamed of his body and to flaunt his good aspects – including his (as she put it) impeccable ass.
“Tell me about it. Wong is so much better,” Steve agreed. “Do you want to just try and chant or should we?”
Walking down the long street of the town, Steve rotates his shoulder, still feeling the tension from healing muscles and nerves. Bucky wanted him to stay in bed for another few days, but enough time has passed and he’d heard some rumblings about the possibilities that Schmidt might be up to no good again around the riverbed. He’s got to get Shield properly shoed.
He had swallowed down the bitter bile and shook his head. “I appreciate your words of wisdom, ma’am. But like I said, I’m no one. I don’t have a role to play anymore.  I laid down my shield and I think the next generation will pick it up now.”
“You got that?” Steve asked and his mouth felt dry. He licked his lips. His natural reaction to pull away rose but Steve fought it off. “You heard all of that?”
Steve tools his features not to beam with happiness at Tony. He sips his soup and the warmth flushes across his face. It both hurts and aches. He pays it no mind. Being here with Tony in the middle of a cold tundra plays with his daydreams. His focus is the job and nothing more.
Once they’d gone to the museum and Tony reached out to touch a painting and the big guard lumbered to his side and with a booming voice scolded him. Jarvis repeatedly apologized. It wasn’t that Tony hated the museum; he hated the thought of getting Jarvis in trouble. What if Daddy found out? What would Daddy do to Jarvis if he knew of Tony’s transgression?
“Your status as a Royal Escort means you don’t do these things for yourself anymore.” Natasha puts a hand on each of his shoulders. “Take care, Steve.” She kisses his cheek.
Tony had the audacity to laugh at him and Bruce only scowled at Tony in return, but it was Strange, again, who answered, “As I said, I am afraid this is all of my fault. Or is the result of me saving the universe and Earth. I cannot disclose when it happened. As for you not knowing that soulmates or soul bonds were a reality, as I said many facts in this world are labeled fake or a conspiracy theory. Soul packs happened as a result of what I did.3”
“Should you be getting up?” Steve said and placed a hand on Clint’s shoulder. “You just-.” He stopped. He didn’t want to talk about what he’s experienced, especially not if it would eat away at Clint’s newfound confidence.
When Tony packed for college, he was in his early teens. He expected to graduate in two short years and then move on to his graduate career in MIT. He’d already gone through the advance placement; the college degree was a formality. He simply needed to get through all his requirements, the English and humanities classes. He desperately hated the idea, but he couldn’t wait to get out of the house.
Blu noses the reactor and then pushes it with his paw at Tony. Gently, he touches his nose to the gapping metal hole in his chest. He taps the reactor with his paw.
“Not talking about that. I’m talking about your stock price. It’s going to drop, and it’s going to drop big. You give me an exclusive and I’ll make sure that interview paints you all roses and rainbows,” Everhart says. Her smile seems genuine to Steve, but then again he doesn’t know her.
Somehow Tony finagles the duvet over Steve and lies down next to him. “I’m right here. Just sleep. I’m not going anywhere.”
When Tony rose from his rest, Steve wasn’t at his side in bed anymore. After a quick shower, Tony queried JARVIS on Steve’s whereabouts.
As Tony assesses the scene, he catches the slight hitch of breath from Steven as he fights against the pain from the position and shivers in his bindings. Tony doesn’t have a lot of choices here. Steven thinks he should be punished, or he wants Tony to punish him, or he thinks Tony would punish him because that’s what’s expected. Tony only wants to curse at him.
Steve thinks he should be slightly ashamed or, at the very least, he should attempt some decorum. But within the confines of Tony’s household, being who he is, feels natural, and right. No one blinks an eye at him when Tony invites him to sit on the back porch overlooking the vast meadows to the mountainous country beyond the town.
Steve reaches up and touches his implant, turning it to a news-vid channel. He’ll listen through the night to the updates and hope to the universal spirits that Bucky’s oxygen deprived body hasn’t been found floating with the rest of the Fleet at Rho.
Tony goes to the bureau, opens a drawer, and digs out a pair of boxers for Steve. He throws them to him and says, “Okay then, that’s it. We need to get you back where you belong and forget our attraction. Like my hotness I know is a difficult thing to resist- but for the good of all humankind and all.”
“Sounds right up my alley.” He goes to reference the resume again but then leaves it. He turns to Tony and directly speaks to him. “Mister Stark, I’m qualified for the position. I was a Captain in the Army. I know how to follow orders and to give them. I also know how to get things done. If I don’t know something, I know not to bullshit my way through it, but to find out the best answer for you. I’m a damned good artist and, like I said, I am a quick study. If you don’t hire me, then you’re making a mistake.”
Rumlow knocked Rogers in the head. Tony barked a no at him at the same time Rumlow said, “Meet your new master, o4. This is Tony Stark.”
Steve met his gaze for the first time and the sorrow and pain struck Tony as if it were a physical blow. “You don’t want me to tell you everything they said in my day. Everything the Church still says today.”
Tony pats Steve’s shoulder. “Don’t worry. It’s part of the deal.” He turns in the direction of Pepper. “Just go. Leave us boys to have some fun.”
The room buzzes with noises from the multiple monitors set around Steve’s bed like a wall built to protect him. Most of the monitors are squealing with different warnings. The heart monitor reads accelerated rates with increased indications of dire consequences, the pulmonary monitor cautions of lower oxygen intake while the in time biochemistry monitor sampling Steve’s blood shows a flight or fight response in action.
“No.” Tony readies himself. This is the hard part. Only a few people in his whole life have ever known. Pepper. Rhodey, Happy, Jarvis, and of course his doctors. Some other people who have been paid handsomely for their silence. “I’m blind.”
It was Clint – a Neutral and Natasha – a Dom – they had to worry about the most. Natasha stuck her tongue to the side of her cheek and glared at them. Tony felt the shift in pheromones. Pheromones dictated their lives, every day. Today the flood in the conference room overwhelmed. Next to him Steve shifted, only slightly. His head laid upon the side of Tony’s thigh. In this setting, when Steve had been triggered to show his submission, he stayed put, but Tony knew he ached to stand, to defend them both. Tony wondered at the dichotomy of Steve’s life – how he dealt with being a Sub and a leader all at once. By comparison, Tony had it easy.
He left without waiting for Tony to reply. Tony had wanted to ask about Happy, about Thor and Natasha, but those words were ash in in his mouth. In the dark, Tony waited and wondered how much longer until they came and tore out his feeding glands to turn him into some mockery of his preternatural self. He didn’t ask for this life. This life found him. Stane and his greed twisted Tony’s life until Yinsen had only one choice but to save Tony with a kiss of death. That’s what the human community called it – the kiss of death. He had been terrified as a child of vampires. What they could do to you, how they harvested blood from humans and left the dry husk. As an adult, he found no evidence of vampire cruelty, none more than a typical human. He surveyed at the small cell, at the darkness. At his life that had disappeared.
Thor studies him as he answers the question. “I cannot tell you, but I do know that my brother dreams of riches and power. He has always felt slighted by the fact our father left his lifework to me, instead of him, though he be the better student.”
Steve turns away. It’s time to get back to the maze. This was a distraction – a trap set by Ultron to stall him. He starts away.
Tony checked his reaction. He chewed back the words and ruminated on the actions of the man he loved. He took a wild swing. “He wants us to let him go. He thinks we’ve, I need to be free of him. That’s what he said before, that’s why he’s doing this. Acting like a prick.” He shrugged off Sam’s hand and went to Steve as he munched on the last of a pita. “You’re not going to win. We’re not leaving you. I’m not leaving you.”
Steve swallows hard, the acid taste back in his mouth again. He picks out a cigarette, his hands tremble. Buck has a match lit and Steve leans down to the flame. It’s warm against his face and something smooth and wonderful comes over him – remembrances of times past. He finds himself settling in next to Bucky as he inhales the intoxicating smoke.
That was true. Steve had loved Peggy – so much. Tony still felt the depth of it when Steve spoke of her. “True. But desire and identity aren’t black and white. It’s not a yes or no question. He’s very clearly bisexual.”
Tony runs his hands through his still wet hair. This cannot be happening. This wasn’t supposed to happen this way.
Steve sighed, the weight of it felt like a crushing blow to his gut. He’d only just spoken the same thing to Tony. “I know. You can take out the leader but that doesn’t mean the rest will follow you.” He nodded. “I get that, I do. But I have to believe there’s still good in the place I call home.”
Tony wraps both of their cocks in his hand, stretched out on top of Steve. He whispers in his ear, “You’ve never done this before.”
“For the same reason, your friend was named,” Wong said and stepped up to the circle of chairs. “Each soul pack has a resonance. You come together as a pack or group of like souls. As the bonds develop you enrich the pack. Your friend, Barnes is it?” Steve nodded. “He is much like you, Captain Rogers. He may need help to regain himself, but whatever transgressions he committed while under the influence of Hydra should not dissuade any in the pack from welcoming him.”
Steve peered around the room. There was no light. “Buck? Bucky? It’s me, Steve. Are you there?” He listened, worried that something worse than an unexpected urgency cycle had taken his friend. “Buck?”
“Grandfather, he was my grandfather, okay?” Steve says as if it’s only dawned on him this instant what the connection might be.
Steve brings his attention back to the meal. He should be grateful, but the trepidation fills him and his stomach clenches instead. “I’m not sure I’m hungry.” Which is patently ridiculous since his stomach has been singing an opera of just how empty it is.
"Yeah, I learned in the war," Steve says and, for some reason, Tony doesn't think he's actually speaking about any recent war.
“I don’t know. I’ll go if you want to,” Steve says as he closes the oven. He’s not looking at Tony. He’s gone to the cupboard to pull out a bag of potatoes he brought.
“Well enough? Well enough?” He gulps back the anger, but it’s Nat who stops him with a firm hand placed on his shoulder.
All the while he worked his cock until the come streamed out and he went blank with the expansion of his knot. He needed Steven to tell him, to open up to him. Something deep inside of Tony had awoken and he franticly needed more from Steven, more than he ever thought he would from an omega.
“Asgardians are ascended to the realm of Valhalla. We call it magic, but you may know it better as work of the infinity stones of the universe. Norns were the first to work the stones and they spread their effects over all that was Asgard.” Her eyes lower. “Which is no more. But nonetheless, Asgardians are both blessed and curse because of this.”
“Are you okay? Military is moving in to secure the Triskelion wreckage as well as the Helicarriers.”
At Steve’s side, Tony marks the dark circles marring his features. It’s perplexing. Why would someone sleeping look so very tired?
“Smoked chicken with almonds and basil. Very good. Not my favorite, but I like it,” Tony says and points to the plates. “Put it on the plates.”
Day Four. The realization brains Steve as if he’s been hit in the head with a brick. He tries not to think about it as he stands in front of the mirror in his quarters on the Avengers starship. He admits it only to himself that he’s fallen far too deep, and far too fast to ever fully recover. Natasha is right; he’s not cut out for this type of work. He needs to close down, build up the walls, remember he’s a robot like a Syn doing his job and not falling in love with his client. Because that’s all the prince is – his client – nothing more. He doesn’t bother looking into the mirror because he’s not partial to staring at the face of a liar.
“We need to go to my doctor’s. He’s not far. I actually see him in his private offices, not at the hospital that he’s an attending,” Tony says. Steve set up his plate today and set his coffee exactly where he likes it – at one o’clock on the table next to his plate. The bowl of fruit that Tony likes to eat every morning (with blueberries in it always) is at ten o’clock. The croissant egg sandwich is in the middle of his plate. Jarvis preps his coffee.
It doesn’t matter then what unspoken fear lurk, Steve’s bending down and Tony’s moving forward, closing the gap between them. The thud of Steve heart then turns to a distant din and the wash of the ocean not so far away floods over him. When their mouths brush a tingle of sensation and then a full-blown explosion of everything he’s denied in the past few weeks. How much he’s wanted this; how much he’s dreamed of it. It resolves into the moment.
Tony goes to help him as he explains. “That’s my AI – artificial intelligence. Think of him as a robot but without a body, okay?” He helps Steve back onto the stool. With a touch he feels Steve tremble. “Yes JARVIS?”
“You should be in bed,” Tony says and spots Happy and some of his guards standing around the perimeter of the room. “Please. Leave us.”
That’s enough of that. He gets out of the shower, turns off the water, and towels dry. He needs to make Tony get some sleep and something to eat, maybe not in that order. When he suggested either one during the long overnight haul, Tony mumbled and ignored him. Steve needs a new plan of attack. Going to his room, he pulls out his jeans and t-shirt, slips on his boxer briefs and then dresses quickly. As he passes the sketchbook near the side of his bed, he opens the pad. Numerous drawings of Tony’s hands grace the pages. He’s never seen such beautifully elegant hands, work hands, hands that deftly move over objects with such skill and grace Steve longed to capture that magic in his sketches. He’s not even sure he’s done them justice. Other pages are portraits of Tony, of Vision, of Wanda and of Pietro. Steve’s done landscapes and still lifes, but what he really loves are the ones he’s done of Tony. Especially his hands. So skilled and talented. Steve wonders how they would feel on his bare skin, how they would caress, and tantalize.
As he surveyed his hospital room, Steve realized it wasn’t a hospital room at all. In fact, he recognized the medbay of a Helicarrier. He frowned. It wasn’t busy, not like the ones he’d seen in the past as a member of the V-Corps. It was whisper quiet. No machines beeped out his vitals. The room was barren except for the bed, the chair Natasha sat in, a small table with a clipboard on it but nothing else. On the walls he noticed signs of shelving that had been removed, outlets pulled out, and dead wires hanging out of the sockets.
