He took that moment of hesitation to look at Dean Winchester more closely. There was something familiar on him, especially now that the angriness had apparently given place to something else – something sadder – in his expression. Ben felt a strong sense of Déjà vu from the way Dean was regarding him. Eventually, the hunter’s eyes dropped from Ben’s face his forearm, which rested wimpily over the table. Before Ben could even begin to register the movement, Dean was standing by his side and had taken the bandaged arm in his hands.
“Ben, are you listening to me?” She cried, before approaching him and snapping the lighter from his pocket before he could do anything to stop it. “I’m going to show this to Dean and Cas”.
He shifted his attention towards Dean and watched while his face changed, softened a little bit.
Ben thought. He felt his throat tightening. For some reason, the idea of Dean hiding something to keep him safe was giving him vertigo.
Before he could ask what was wrong, there was a massive impact on the ground a few steps in front of them. Dean covered his face but he knew exactly what it was. He cursed under his breath. Leviathan. They crashed the ground as two shapeless bodies of black goo but quickly started to take form. The first one took the shape of a bald man, the second, a blond woman, both dressed completely in black. Dean went straight for the man but was immediately struck down. He had somehow forgotten how strong the sons of bitches could be. Things happened way too fast and before Dean could even realize it he was rolling down the hill after being tossed by the bald leviathan.
“Oh, she’s not”, Jack answered matter-of-factly, without raising his eyes from the cereal box.
“You’re happy because I want pie?”
Cas smiled tenderly at him, which
From that day forward, Ben was always there when Dean tinkered with the Impala. Sometimes he was quiet, observing, but other times he engaged, asking a lot of questions, and even investigating the engine by himself (although he never touched the car without Dean’s permission). The kid had a good brain for machines, Dean realized. He always thought Ben would end up an engineer or something fancy like that. Lisa was brilliant, so he probably got that from her.  How on earth could things turn out as wrong as they did for this kid?
Benny was the first one who managed to say something. His jaw had dropped, which was more of a reaction than Cas or Dean could manage at the moment. He cleared his throat, which didn’t seem to make the slightest difference since the two of them remained still as statues. Very terrified statues. The only thing moving in Dean was his blood circulation, which was turning his face redder than Benny had ever thought was possible.
“He’s not going to disappear, Dean. He’ll be back, just like he always does” Benny tried getting closer, but Dean flinched when the vampire tried to touch him. Fucking venom! “He promised you he would, didn’t he?”
The seam was further away than Dean had originally thought, and it was also on high ground. Even though it was not a hard climb, Dean could feel himself dragging the pace. Benny didn’t burn anymore, just itched a little, but it was still heavy. Cas was a few steps behind him, and also seemed to move slower than usual. As they got higher, the woods around them became less dense and they could see Purgatory from above. The hunter held his breath. It was at the same time exactly what he expected and nothing like he would have dreamed. From above the rocks, it was like looking down on an infinite forest, that stretched on and on forever. There were no particularly high trees, all of them covered in the same light grayish atmosphere that tainted Purgatory as a whole. Even the sky, to which Dean had an unobstructed view now, lacked color. It was blue and there were barely any clouds, but still, it was lifeless and cold. They’d spent almost an entire year underneath that sky. It was almost impossible to imagine something different from that.
First of all, they didn't have as much time for themselves as they had first imagined they would. Sam and Jack were shocked then thrilled when they saw both of them coming out of the rift. Then, when Dean told them how he had managed to get Cass out, they were still happy, but less thrilled. Jack, in particular, looked as though he had just been hit by a truck. The kid was careful not to show just how preoccupied with the consequences of Dean's actions he actually was, but even though he was now God, he was still a terrible liar. But, just as Dean had predicted, he was too happy about Cass being back to get angry at any of them.
“You know… the crash story”. Sam shrug, trying to appear nonchallenging. “You could come up with anything. Why let Ben know that you guys met from the get-go? It’s not a very ‘you’ thing to do.”
“I’m guessing neither of you had pleasant memories of your maker.”
Dean sighed but couldn’t keep a smile too far from his face.
“You do pet me constantly since you found me here” Cas muttered, absentmindedly, and Dean had to resist the urge to turned around to kick him. “You didn’t use to do it as much, but here you…”
“I couldn’t get the machine to stop”, he said, sounding a little embarrassed. Dean glanced at Cas.
“Well" Jack continued, Dean was really angry at the time”.
“What happened to you?”, he asked. He didn’t really want to know, but he had to. Ben’s smile faded from his face and the kid shrugged, trying to make it seem as if it was not a big deal.
“Sam will handle it until you feel ready to…”
“It’s different…” Castiel wanted to change the subject. He had promised himself he wasn’t going to lay his burden on Dean, but at the same time, he knew he was unworthy of being anyone’s ‘home’. He had destroyed everything he ever associated with home, on Heaven, and Earth. The images of his dead brothers and sisters flashed through his mind, followed by Sam, in pieces after what Cas had done to him. So much pain… he pushed the memories away from his mind the best he could. “Your sins are nothing compared to mine.”
Dean was faster than him though. Before he realized it, the hunter had his arms wrapped tightly around Cass and was pulling him into a deep hug. He was holding him as if Cass was the most precious thing in the universe. As if he was afraid to let go and lose him all over again. Cass had been so preoccupied with the worst-case scenario and with settling with what he got that he hadn't even considered something like this. This warmth... it was beyond his expectations. He returned the hug, pressing Dean's body against his as tightly as he possibly could. When Dean finally pulled away, his eyes were filled with tears.
“With all due respect,
"Yeah, Cass. I'm really happy about the pancakes".
“That’s Ben’s”, she told them, still sounding flustered. “I don’t know how, but he says he got it from you”.
Now, that was terrifying.
“Dean, calm down, ok? I’m not stupid”, Sam retorted, angrily, but Dean was having a hard time agreeing with that statement at the moment. “They didn’t even go in. I ran into them in the hallway outside your room when I woke up. When they saw me, they froze. Like they had just been caught eating dessert before dinner or something”, Sam smiled to himself, expression softening a bit. “It was kind of adorable, actually. They just stiffened, staring at me like: ‘
Dean told himself. He caught up with Benny and turned to Cas, to see if the angel was still behind them. He was, of course. Lost somewhere deep in his thoughts. ‘
That left him to deal with Ben. Cas had offered two other times on the way back, but it wasn’t his job to play babysitter just because Dean was too much of a coward to do it himself. Having long conversations with the kid was far, far off the table, so Dean was left with a few options: shooting range, arsenal, kitchen, library, or garage. Shooting range and arsenal seem to defeat the purpose of convincing Ben to quit hunting. The library was the place Ben was trying to get away from, and the kitchen offered them too little activity, which meant they would end up having to talk (something Dean was
“I almost did. But a day after I was brought in, a guy showed up and started asking me questions. He said he was a forest ranger or something like that. Had a badge and everything. And he was asking all the right questions: did it look human, how did it smell, if it said anything or tried to take us somewhere…”
“Just drive, Ben”, Dean told him, with a long sigh. He might not have thought that through. He just wanted to get rid of Claire but being stuck with Ben wasn’t exactly an improvement. His only source of relief was that he seemed less advance in his deduction process than Claire had been, and clearly hadn’t reached the same conclusions she had yet. Or at least wasn’t about to confront Dean with his suspicions without backup.
“Ok. You have my word that I’ll stay”, Ben said. He wasn’t sure what he was agreeing to. It was dangerous to make a deal in which you don’t know what exactly you’re giving up. But something in his gut told him Dean didn’t want to hurt him. Not really. Against all odds, he felt safe. “I’ll listen to whatever it is you have to tell me”.
“You said nothing wrong”, the angel said suddenly, surprising Benny. This was probably the first time Cas had talked to him without Dean present. He was still looking at the hunter, who was distancing himself from them quickly. They were both faster than him so catching up wouldn’t be a problem. “For Dean, Sam is always a delicate subject, even when everything is alright”.
Dean stared at him for a long second, waiting for more. Which didn’t come.
“He’s coming back”, Benny told him, in the most soothing voice he could find “you know your little boy angel. Doesn’t seemed to be able to stay away for long”
“Quieter time we’ve had in weeks, actually”, Dean said. “I’m starting to think you are the actual monster magnet, Benny”.
He took a few steps towards the table and extended his hand for Ben to shake it. Cas’s movement felt awkward and somehow rehearsed, like a child trying to copy an adult’s gesture. Ben shook it anyway.
“Stay”, he said, after a moment of hesitation. “At least until we figure out this vampire case. That should give us another day or two, at least”.
“Go to sleep and I’ll give them to you”, he said, holding the folder out of Sam’s reach. He glared at Dean as if he had the mentality of a twelve-year-old.
“No!”, he protested. A small part of his brain was panicking at the sight of the black lighter on Claire’s hand, but the rest of it was too drowsy to do more than frown at her. He should be angry about that, but he wasn't. Not really. He just wanted to sleep. “You can’t show it to Dean. He’s going to know that I stole it”.
“I don’t think so. She is a survivor. Well, not really, since we’re all dead here, but she’s smart” He observer while Cas kneeled again beside Dean to check his pulse. “She came after us because she wanted to survive the Leviathan. She will stay away from us because she wants to survive you”.
_____________________________________________
Ben hesitated for a second. “I never asked her”
He rose his body a bit in order to look straight to Cas.
“Scrambled?” Claire asked. Dean waved his hand, admitting defeat.
It hadn’t been his first kiss. There had been Meg, and Daphne, Emmanuel’s wife (poor Daphne, left behind without a word of explanation. One more victim on the list of sins Cas had to atone for). And of course, there were Jimmy’s memories as well, rooted in his body even though Jimmy himself was long gone by now. Still,
. And if eating a pie was going to make Dean happy, then it was something he wouldn’t mind watching.
“You’re
Dean resisted the urge to respond with a sarcastic comment. Usually, the banter was a part of their natural dynamic, but he didn’t trust himself when he was in a bad mood, and anything sarcastic would just come out as bitter. Cas wasn’t his enemy right now and fighting with him would accomplish nothing but a future guilt trip. Dean pressed his temples with his free hand, trying to alleviate the sudden migraine that had taken over him.
That's why he doesn't tell Sam anything. Talking about it makes it real. Too damn real. And real things can be analyzed, discussed, understood, and he doesn't know if he's ready to analyze this whole thing just yet. So he gives himself time to grieve. Grieving Castiel's loss would be easier than trying to understand his own feelings on the subject, he suspects. After all, pain is pain. He lost a loved one, and that's an emotion he's able to grasp easily. He doesn't need to label his relationship with someone to be able to grieve that person. At least that's what he thought.
“I miss the sea”, the vampire said. Dean and Cas raised their heads at the same time, both equally surprised. “I miss everything about it. The sound, the smell, the movement…”
After what felt like only a few minutes (although that was probably due to Ben’s intense vertigo), Dean pulled into the garage and parked the car in her spot. Everything happened so fast Ben is almost sure he must have dozed off during some of it.
“Did he… did Sam recognized…”, for some reason, he couldn’t bring himself to say Ben’s name out loud. As if it would make the whole thing suddenly real.
"I told you never to do that again, you jackass". Dean took Cass's face between his hands and looked him in the eye when saying this. Cass had to laugh. He could feel tears in his own eyes. A few years ago, crying would have been something completely unimaginable to him. Now it seemed so normal. So easy.
“Good”. Cas was no longer paying him any attention. Benny walked towards him, stopping close enough to study Dean’s state more clearly. The wound on his torso was closed and he was breathing peacefully, with Castiel holding his head slightly above the ground.
“I’m worried about him” Cas made that remark in the same plane, low voice he used most of the time, but Benny could read something in his eyes that wasn’t usually there, something disquieted. “I imagine this… worry, this fear over Sam’s well-being is never too far from his thoughts. Even while we’re fighting”. Castiel suddenly seemed to snap out of whatever it was that had him miles away and looked at Benny as if just realizing he was there. “Don’t ever tell him I said that”
“Not the first promise he wouldn’t be able to keep”, Dean muttered and looked immediately sorry for having said it out loud. He pressed his eyes with the palms of his hands as if trying to push away a bad memory.
Cas didn’t answer. That was the line, Benny discovered. The line he couldn’t cross. Not yet. Whatever Cas’s past crimes had been, neither he nor Dean were willing to confront that, much less share it. Not with each other and not with Benny.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What you know of her? I rebuilt most of it”. Dean was smiling again, a fainter, more melancholic smile. “She’s all mine”. Then he turned to Benny. “You should listen to her, man. It is a miracle that the car’s still running, but Damn! I love the sound she makes.”
Cas let himself enjoy Dean’s warmth. After what he’d done to Sam, that was something he never thought he would have again. It was so overwhelming he almost felt that he should give up on staying behind. Maybe he and Dean could figure it out after all. Maybe he could find forgiveness outside, with Dean’s help.
“Cas, give her a minute”.
“What did it?”, he managed to ask, trying his best to keep his voice even. If he let something show, Ben didn't seem to notice.
revisited. Not only because it wouldn’t be fair to them, but also because it was just too painful for him. The warmth of the earlier memories was damaged, tainted by the ugliness of the final ones.  There was a time of his life when Dean would have associated Lisa and Ben with comfort, with safety. Now he could only associate them with guilt.
?” He snapped at Cas and was surprised when the angel lowered his eyes, looking almost guilty.
I'm really sorry it took me so long to update the story. I try to write anytime I can, but I've been in a hurry for the past few weeks, and finding free time has been a challenge. I hope I'll be able to keep the rhythm from now on.
“Twelve miles, that way”, the boy pointed it to him, but his hand was trembling. Dean probably looked like the stuff of nightmares. He allowed himself a quick look at the camp and found what he was looking for. A stuffed bag, the kind you fill with food, water, and whatever other nonsense tourists think it’s important to survive in the woods. Without lowering his gun, he knelt and grabbed the bag. He definitely needed it more than the young couple. Then he ran as fast as he could in the direction the boy had pointed him.
“There’s no way to tell. Probably Asa himself, since Max and Alicia would probably have told us”, Castiel guessed. His forehead was wrinkled as he examined the pages with close attention. “It’s a blood spell, so whatever it’s written here can only be read by Asa himself or his children.” He turned to look at Ben. “My guess is that he probably broke the spell on his old ones before passing them on to you”.
“Don’t sound so condescending, Dean”, Claire rolled her eyes at him and got a sour face in response.
The girls were seated side by side at the breakfast table, and Claire had a protective hand over Kaia’s thigh. They seemed unusually happy, which Dean assumed was the aftermath of a well-enjoyed farewell night. He smiled secretly to himself. Good for them. Jack was standing by one of the cupboards, struggling with a sealed lucky-charms box he had probably bought himself during his trip to the store the previous day.  Sam probably hadn’t been very happy about it. He was trying to introduce Jack to a healthier diet ‘before he gets all his eating habits from you’, Sam had told Dean. It was an endeavor doomed from the start since Jack seemed to have the same sweet tooth as his uncle Gabriel.
like that, but wow! That had been a direct question.
When he finally went down to the kitchen after a quick morning shower, Dean was surprised to find a total of five people gathered there.
“Jack wanted pancakes”, Castiel explained. “I tried making him some but…”
“I can’t just… "take them out!"" Castiel replied, certain he was using air quotes correctly in this context. “It was too much. If I took a year’s worth of deeply personal experiences from a twelve-year-old, I would essentially change who he was!” He took a deep breath. “It was a lot easier to erase Lisa’s memory since she was an adult and not a child at a very important developmental stage of her life. I’m pretty sure she wouldn’t have the headaches, even after intense exposition to the supernatural”.
“Yes”. Cas replied, feeling a bit confused by Dean's reaction to his question. The hunter laughed again, bitterly, this time.
“You want to elaborate on that?”
“I don’t know, Dean” Cas admitted, softly caressing the hunter’s shoulder with the back of his hand while still holding onto Dean’s. “Claire never mentioned a friend. I’m as surprised as you are”.
Castiel opened his mouth, trying to think of something clever to say. Flirtatious talk was still a challenge, but Dean seemed to appreciate his failed attempts almost as much as his successful ones. Eventually, he gave up, with a long, defeated sigh.
Ben shrugged. He didn’t remember that day very clearly. The hospital was stressful, sure, but neither he nor his mother had been injured. He hadn’t thought about it in years. The accident itself was kind of hazy though. He knew that there
looking over his shoulder”.
"Then why are you here, Jack?" asked Sam. For the first time since he had laid eyes on Jack again, he was worried there might be something wrong. But Jack's answer came accompanied by a smile.
he’d told Ben.
“Keep an eye on him”, Dean told Claire before disappearing down the corridor. She took a deep breath and started walking him towards his room.
"I don't like that any more than you do" Jack defended himself, sounding almost offended. "He was my father, Dean. I wish I could drag him out of there as much as you do. But Amara, the new Death and I... we are trying to establish balance, and that means respecting the Empty as an entity. I can't steal a soul that belongs to it. It's beyond my domain. But even if I could, it would be unwise. The universe has rules, and one of those rules is that everything dies eventually. It dies and we have to cope. We mourn, we grieve, and we remember. We keep the people we lost alive in new forms: memories, songs, feelings... that's how it works for every single creature on the planet, except you and Sam!"
Ben looked at Claire for confirmation. She nodded.
“Hey, you”, Dean said, gruffly. Castiel smiled down at him and was starting to pull his hand away when Dean let off an annoyed mumble. “Don’t stop”, he grumbled, closing his eyes again and readjusting himself against Cas’s body.
“Dean, are you alright?”, Jack inquired, cocking his head in a way that resembled Cas so much it was almost funny.
Once again, thank you so much for reading! I will be taking a two-week hiatus after this chapter since I have to focus on college these next few days. But I will be back with the last chapters shortly after that, so stick around!
At some point they had fallen into a comfortable formation – Benny at the front, guiding the way, Dean in the middle, and Cas behind them, guarding their backs – and unconsciously kept at that.  All things considered, they made a decent team. Dean was used to fighting with someone else by his side ever since he could remember, and Benny and Cas did not let him down. Each of them was a skilled fighter on their own, and Cass and Dean had some practice fighting together. He wasn’t sure if Benny was used to fighting with a team or if the vampire was just a fast learner, but the three of them had quickly fallen into a comfortable dynamic, each knowing their place during a fight without much more than a glace from the other. He felt almost as comfortable fighting with them as he did with Sam. Almost.
“I raised him out of Hell” Cas answered before Dean could even think about something to change the subject. “And then he convinced me to betray Heaven”.
Dean took a deep breath and glared at Ben again. The boy suddenly felt very much awake. Dean’s posture, he finally realized, wasn’t controlled: it was tense. His fingers pressed tightly against his arms, and he seemed stiff as if every muscle was taut. They held each other's gaze for a second before Dean dropped it to the floor again. Ben swallowed hard. Whatever it was that was coming, it sure as hell wasn’t good news.
Dean exhaled deeply, raising a hand to his face, and pinching the bridge of his nose.
"Now you just have to flip them" Cass looked at him absolutely puzzled.
Sure, moments like that still struck him as odd sometimes. But there were also times, like now, where they felt so natural it was as if Dean and Cas had been doing things like this since the day they met. Having Cas close to him, like they were now, felt as normal as breathing.
"Oh, yes. Goodbye to the Angel"
“There you go”, the hunter smiled at him and started putting away the first aid equipment. He looked at Ben with surprising softness in his eyes, almost as if he was looking at a child. It would certainly feel a little condescending if it wasn’t so bizarrely endearing. “Can’t be a hunter without a few battle scars, can you?”. He handed Ben a roll of gauze to wrap around the freshly cleaned wound. “You can do this part yourself, right?” Ben took the roll from the other man’s hand and begun working on it.
“Hey, don’t look at me. It was Cas’s idea.” Dean stated, nodding at the angel. “My plan was to get Baby and drive to Alaska”
Castiel hadn’t really expected Dean to be able to confront what happened, but he didn’t expect Benny – or himself, for that matter – to just roll with it. He imagined at least one of them would address it at some point or the other, and yet almost five weeks had gone by without even a mention of the incident. Not that they had a lot of time to dwell on it. The past month had been rough, to say the least.
“Asshole”, Dean said, pressing another long kiss to his mouth. The hunter settled himself properly on Castiel’s lap, pressing the angel between his body and the back of the sofa. His hands finally finished unbuttoning Cas’s shirt and the angel shivered at the contact of Dean’s strong hands against his naked torso. How could something happen a million times and still feel so amazingly new every single one? His own hands were tightly tangled in the hunter’s hair, pulling him closer and deeper. Over the past few months, they had found a perfect rhythm. They fit together effortlessly now, both very aware of what the other liked or didn’t like. It was so very easy.
“How are you even here, man?” Dean’s voice was rising and Benny could see he was on the verge of spiraling out of control.
Sam took that as his cue to leave. Dean tended to freak out under public demonstrations of affection, and right now the last thing he needed was another reason to panic. He needed to be taken care of, to be held, and he wouldn’t allow Cas to do that with his brother still around.
“What do you want to do?” Claire asked, after another long moment of silence. Ben swallowed hard, glancing at his own feet like she was doing. He knew what he wanted to do. He just wasn’t sure it was a very good idea.
“And purgatory”, Cas added.
Benny didn’t know what to say. He wanted to tell Dean that it was the venom talking, that he should calm down, that they didn’t have time for any of that. There were probably a dozen monsters surrounding them at that moment, given the volume of Dean’s voice. But he didn’t. It would have been the smart thing to do, for sure, but Benny chose to remain calm and talk to Dean instead.
“Stay still” he could sense some urgency underneath Cas’s impassive tone. Then he heard the high-pitched sound again and felt the warmth flowing from the angel’s hand onto his body. With his free hand, Cas cradled Dean’s head, lifting it off the ground. Dean felt as his skin started to mend again and opened his eyes.  He was still slightly light-headed but was able to focus his eyes on Cas’s face, right above him, filled with anxiety. One of the angel’s hands was on his torso, resting on the place where the wound had been. The other hand still cuddled the hunter’s head, keeping it off the ground. Smiling, Dean let his head rest against Cas’s arm. He felt exhausted.
degree of innuendo.
“But…” he began, taking a step towards Ben. “You’re gonna have to promise me something”.
“Cas doesn’t”, Dean added, with his back turned to them. He took a quick look at Cas, who was holding his mug as if it was the holy grail, and smiled to himself. “He just likes coffee”.
Insanity Inducement. Benny had never been attacked by a wraith, but he had heard about it. They could make people emotionally unstable and produce hallucinations.
“A new pair of eyes might help you.”, he offered, and although his tone was flat, Ben thought there might be a second meaning behind his words that he wasn’t able to grasp. Sam seemed to get it though and offered Ben a sit beside him while Dean headed out to get Ben’s car. The boy had a feeling a whole silent discussion had just taken place without him being aware of it.
“Was?”, Cas interrupted, frowning. “This hunter is dead?”
Dean nodded, clearly relieved, and the boy realized Dean hadn't been sure if he would agree to that either.
“I’m sorry I left you alone for so long”, the angel muttered, tightening his grip on Dean, as if holding him closer would prove that he was ok.
“Don’t call me that”, he said, through clenched teeth. Ben couldn’t determine if that had been a plea or an order, so he simply nodded.
"Not goodbye". The Empty raised Chuck's eyebrows, looking quite actually surprised.
Castiel was clearly not in the mood for conversation. He took a step forward and Julietta took a step back in response. She was not afraid, but she was not careless either.
“But you texted us when you left home. The time doesn’t…”
“Morning, sunshine” he laughed when Cas looked at him, puzzled. “Where was your head at, man?”
Dean forced a tired smile back at him. “Well, it’s how I cope”.
Ben swallowed hard. He had no idea what he could possibly have done to piss off
“Which means he was already questioning what he was missing. There is a big difference between leaving an old wound that barely bothers you alone and forcefully scratching it until it reopens”, Cas explained. If Ben hadn’t actively perused those memories, focused too hard on those feelings, they wouldn’t have a problem now. Once a door was open, it was very hard to close it again. Things would just start flowing through it. “That’s why I suggested that you should tell him about the accident right at the beginning”.
They sat in silence for a while, and it was weirdly comfortable. Cas enjoyed feeling Dean’s presence beside him, he always had. He liked the way the hunter’s breathing sounded when he was relaxed: strong, and even. He liked the way Dean's hands rested above his belly, tapping his finger to some silent tune that was playing in his head. He did the same thing against the wheel of the impala during long drives, but on those occasions, there was usually real music playing in the background. Cas liked the way his lips would curl slightly when his face was at ease, hinting at a soft smile that wasn’t actually there. Lips that he knew the feeling to now. The memory got him by surprise.
going there” Dean warned, raising a hand as if to stop him from talking. “We can go through all the shit you pulled over the past year once we’re back, man. Tones of ways you can atone for your sins later. Hell, I’ll even send you to therapy if it helps. But right now?” Dean looked Cas in the eyes, very seriously. “Right now I
“We really don’t”, she told him, and he could tell she wasn’t angry. But she
Ben hadn’t shown up to dinner, something Dean was secretly grateful for. The boy had passed out on his bed from exhaustion after taking a shower and changing into some clean clothes Sam had picked up for him. His brother seemed to only have chosen pieces from his own wardrobe, which didn’t make a lot of sense since Ben and Dean had a much more similar built. But Dean suspected Sam was afraid of how his brother would react if he saw Ben dressed in his old clothes. He wanted to believe Sam was overreacting, but he wasn’t eager to put it to a test.
"WE didn't do anything", Dean looked away from his brother, "HE did. I was... I was too slow".
"As ok as can be expected, I guess". He thought that was a good answer. Honest enough so that people wouldn't ask too many questions but evasive enough to avoid saying how she really felt. "I never really stopped being angry at him, you know? For taking my dad. I really liked Castiel. Like, really, really liked him. But I just..." her eyes filled with tears and she tried to clean them before they started running through her face. "I hope he knew that. That I liked him a lot".
“Julietta was someone else?” Cas inquired. Benny nodded.
“I wish I could let you sleep until you’re free from it, but we have to keep moving,” Cas said. His hand was on Dean’s shoulder again, holding him tight. Benny was also close by as if making sure he wouldn’t fall back. For some reason, that helped. He felt anchored, protected.
” Dean prayed while guttering the smallest of the three wolves around him. He could feel his mind starting to drift due to the blood loss and focused all of his energy on staying awake. “
“Not really a talker, angel”
quickly became Dean's addiction. His dad’s proud smile when he did something that pleased John. Dean would spend the rest of his childhood (and most of his early adulthood) chasing that smile.
“That sounds a bit too mature for Dean Winchester”, she forced a smile, trying to go for a joke. “Never saw him apologize for an angry outburst in his life”.
“It might have been a stupid question”, the angel admitted, quickly filling this information under ‘
“Yeah”, he said, with a small nod. “I think I do.”
“Ah. Asa’s…” Sam swallowed, looking slightly defensive. “Asa’s journals. Ben thinks this might be the same nest Asa was looking into a couple of years ago. I thought we could compare his notes with what we have now”.
“He can’t get hurt too, Cas”, Dean told him. His voice trembled a little. “I won’t let him”.
“Not that I know of”.
“I didn’t get to keep his latest diary, though”, he apologized. “I have some of his older ones and some case files he used to give me to study. A few tape recorders from when he was younger. I don’t know what happened to the latest things.”
_____________________________________________
“Not that I owe
“No” Cas agreed. He wasn’t angry or annoyed in the slightest. “But you were once. I assume the same principle still applies”.
At that moment, walking calmly with one of them in front of him and the other at his back, Dean figured his situation was far from ideal, but it certainly could have been worse.
“Oh, cut the crap, Dean!” she snapped, surprising him. “He talks like you, he works on cars like you, he likes the same kind of music as you, he holds his gun like you…”
Trying to keep the shaking from his hands away from his voice, Ben raised his eyes to Dean. He had to take a deep breath before talking, to make sure it wouldn’t come out as a squeak.
_________________________________________________________________________________________
Of course, he trusted Sam to guard his back as he would never trust another soul, not even Cas. When he had his brother with him, Dean didn't even glance over his shoulder during a fight, since he knew Sam was there guarding his rear. It wasn't something he allowed himself to do when fighting alongside other people.
“Shouldn’t you get back to Jody at some point?”, Dean inquired. He was standing beside Castiel, arms brushing slightly against each other. Ben wondered if the lack of personal space was an angel thing or a Dean-And-Cas thing. He had a hunch it was the latter.
He suddenly realized he wanted Cas’s hand against him again, keeping him steady. But of course, he wouldn’t ask for that. Instead, he simply said, “Shall we?” and started walking again. Dean could feel the worried gazes of Cas and Benny on his back but didn’t turn to face them. They soon begin to walk after him. It would be ok, he assured himself.
“He told
Ben and Claire were apprehensive at first. They clearly didn’t need actual driving lessons, so it was very obvious from the beginning that they had a hidden agenda. But, for some reason, they also seemed to be holding back. Which meant no suspicious questions whatsoever during the first hour. Dean wasn’t sure if they were waiting for the right moment or if they were so bad at being teenage detectives that they had no clue on how to get any useful information out of him. For better or for worse, that meant they ended up having a trouble-free morning and, shockingly, started having some actual fun.  So much so, in fact, that Dean even forgot they had a problem in the first place.
“Well, in that case, I was hoping you could take me out for a drive”, he asked, excitedly. Dean blinked at him.
After some time of a much-appreciated silence, Benny turned his head to them and raised his hat from his eyes “So…", The vampire started, in an unusual conversation tone "What’s your story?”
“Ok, you two either shut up or I’m taking you back home!”, Dean finally snapped. He was going crazy with the bickering, but poor Jack was so confused you could almost see the smoke coming out of his ears as he tried to comply with what everyone was saying.
No answer. He tried not to get angry at Jack's absence. He knew it was not the kid's fault, but Jack owned them at least this much. Dean deserved at least this much. He could feel Eileen's slow and passed breaths against him. Her face was relaxed in her sleep, and he ran his fingers softly through her back. This was happiness. Her weight over him, the tranquility of going to sleep knowing she would be there when he woke up... it was so unfair to Dean and Cass.
“That is my theory, yes”, she said, nodding again. “After a certain amount of blood is drained, the person won’t be able to regain consciousness, with or without a sedative”.
They walked for another hour in silence. Dean was angry at Benny for withholding information and for being so inexplicably certain about the proximity of the portal, but he wouldn’t say anything. Benny looked stressed enough without his help. He was also worried about Cas, who seemed more and more distant each time Dean checked on him from over his shoulder. They were at their limit and he knew it. The fact that they were – hypothetically – so close to getting out was making it worse, not better. It was as if they had swum across the ocean and now the sight of shore finally reminded them of how exhausted they were.
”. Dean expressed affection like that. Never explicit. Never spelled out but in the smallest of things. And Cas was ok with that, he didn’t need anything else. But still, after all those years, these tokens of deep appreciation always surprised him. And this had been a big one. He thought Dean would mistake his silence for a sign to shut up, but instead, the hunter kept talking.
"You like it?" Said a familiar voice behind him. "It is almost as it was back in the day. Still a bit too loud though"
“Then why, out of every possibility, have you reached the conclusion that they are ‘investigating’ us
"Dean, you shouldn't..."
tell me you’re messing with me, Novack”. The poor kid looked on the verge of a mental breakdown.
“What do you mean by twilight?” asked the vampire, without raising the cap off his eyes. Dean sighed. Between the angel and the vampire who had been dead for decades, his pop culture references were probably a foreign dialect.
any explanations”, he said, trying (and failing) to hold his ground, “but she thinks I’m in college.”
“Dean, I think we should…”
“Well, if it isn’t any trouble, I think I would like some”.
So if the next three chapters have a longer than usual break between each other, don't worry. I haven't gone anywhere.
“I didn’t give you enough time to” Cas answered. He sounded relieved, and Dean realizes the angel expected him to wake in a worse condition than he did.
“It’s here”, he said, sounding confident enough about it. “They promised”.
"Just stay still". Dean's hand moved so fast Cass didn't even see it before the silver knife was already at his throat. Instinctively he tried to pull away, but Dean was holding him tightly with his free arm, almost in a hug. "Trust me, Cass".
“I can assume that this had never happened before…” he said slowly, afraid that the sound of his voice would trigger Dean and he would disappear into the woods (something he looked very tempted to do).
“How are you feeling?” Ben snapped his head up at the sound of Castiel’s voice. He hadn’t noticed the angel standing by the door, with a slight frown that could indicate either weariness or confusion. Ben wasn’t sure which alternative he preferred.
“She was a natural leader. Didn’t matter when, she always had something under her command. I think she hasn’t been alone in here for decades”
“…the venom works differently here. Not only it won’t disappear after the wraith’s death – since it was already dead, to begin with – but time also passes differently here. So there’s no way to predict exactly when it will live your system. The good news is that your body is alive, and it functions as a living body.”
Claire shot him a murderous glance but didn’t say anything. He could practically see her brain starting to work, turning in search of a plan of action. She was usually so confident it was easy to forget she hadn’t been hunting on her own for much longer than he did.
“I’ll help Sam, don’t worry”, the angel assured him. Sam tapped his shoulder in a thankful gesture. Jack perked up immediately at that.
“Not much”, Castiel assured him, with a small smile. “Barely an hour. I needed to shut off your mind for a second, otherwise you’d end up hurting yourself”.
Cas blushed slightly and loosened his grip a bit, although he didn’t remove his hand from Dean’s chest. The hunter’s smile widened. It was good to know that he was able to pick up at least
“I don’t know how, but he gets that from you”. The angel rolled his eyes at Dean and turned to face Jack with a soft look.
"I know how that feels like" It was Dean's turn to laugh. They were both laughing now. Dean still had Cass's face between his hands and they were so close to each other that their heads were inches from touching. Without thinking, Castiel let his head fall, and his forehead touched Dean's. They rested against each other for a moment. Cass had a guess Dean felt as tired as he did. But that felt good. Peaceful.
Dean stared at him, and Cas thought he was going to argue, but instead, he simply let his head fall heavily against Cas’s shoulder, fitting it perfectly in the small space between his collarbone and his neck. Cas ran his fingers softly through Dean’s hair. It was rare to have him like this, letting himself be comforted.
“I would prefer to talk about your vessel’s child and my former-almost step-son under different circumstances, yes”, Dean glanced down and a malicious grin came up to his face. “Preferably one where you’re not hard against my crotch. You think that’s possible?”
“Admit it”, Dean told her, with a smirk. “You’re having fun”.
They had a ceremony when things were more or less settled. Sam, Charly, Eileen, Jody, and the girls... Claire was particularly destroyed, and Dean could imagine why. The first time she lost her father, there was no body to bury. Even worse, his body was out there being used by somebody else. She had to say goodbye by herself to an absent figure without a single ritual, nothing that could help her move on. This time, her father's body was gone, as well as the dorky angel she had somehow grown to love. It was like losing Jimmy all over again, but this time she wasn't alone. More people with her acknowledged the loss and suffered with her. Even so, Dean figured Claire was probably the one person who had more reason than he did to be conflicted about her feelings regarding Castiel's death.
said a voice inside his head, a voice he knew he could NOT pay attention to right now.
“And you think he’s not gonna tell Dean?”, he asked, arching an eyebrow at her.
“Claire?” A voice called from the other side of the door. Jack. “Just wanted to make sure you were ok”.
Cas held his gaze for a long time, waiting for Dean to look away, which he didn’t.
Cas wanted to know if Benny had felt that way when he had first arrived there. The vampire had been there for decades, so Cas figured he was used to it by now. Of course, the angel’s main concern was Dean who didn’t seem bothered by it at all. Or at least he never said it out loud. Cas was aware that Dean never said
The high-pitched sound returns and Ben has to press his temples hard to keep his head from exploding.
"Dean, it's..." Cass was going to say it was ok, that he himself was not sure about how he felt until quite recently, but he couldn't finish the sentence, because Dean's lips were on his. And Cass couldn't process anything after that.
“Do you remember what happened?” Cas asked. “Before I put you to sleep?”
As they moved through the woods, the visions continued. Some were very faint and easily detectable as hallucinations. His mom on a white gown was easy to shake off. Jon staring down at him with yellow eyes and a sadistic smile was harder.
going to think about that now. One crisis at a time). So, Jody would be next, but Cas asked Dean to wait. He wanted to talk to Claire first, which he was planning on doing today but now it would have to wait. Yeah, Dean
Dean blinked at him, completely baffled.
Ben was relieved to find Claire standing beside Castiel by the table. He seemed to be explaining something to her when they came in, and she was regarding him intently, absorbing every word. Claire was suborned and hot-headed, but he knew she took hunting very seriously and admired her for it.
“Ok. Fair enough”, Dean conceded. “Do you trust her?”, He added, tapping the panel of the Impala gently. A smile escaped Ben’s lips.
Benny nodded, still looking up at the trees. “I’d like to meet her when we go back”, the vampire said. “Maybe you could drop me at a beach”.
Dean opened his mouth to answer when what Sam had said hit him. He raised an eyebrow, inquisitively. Sam shut his mouth and averted his gaze, like someone who just realized they’ve said too much. Oh,
“The Campbells were a very old, very douchey family of hunters”, he said. “But anyway, mom had hers, with her initials and all, and dad used it for hunting for two decades. Without having any idea of what he was carrying around. Irony can be a bitch sometimes.”
“Well”, he finally said, scratching his neck and trying to avoid Dean’s eyes. “Doesn’t it feel like it?” he asked, “They asked a thousand questions yesterday while we were going through the journals…”
“We have to tell Cas about the lighter”, Claire said. She was pacing the room around his bed, nervously biting her nails. For the first time since the previous morning, she didn’t sound confident or bold. She sounded terrified. And he was unfortunately too out of it to realize that his current state was probably the reason why. “You could have gotten hurt! You could have hit the car and killed both yourself
"I know what you've told Jack" Dean howled. The slight change in the Empty's expression told him it was not happy about being yelled at. "I want to ask you for something else".
“You mind if we take these?”, he asked. She frowned at him, clearly not thrilled about parting with her very organized files. “Or make some copies?”, he added quickly.
Dean dropped the pan.
From the corner of his eye, he saw the first member of the group, a young man already with his claws out, preparing to make the first move. Without looking back, Dean gave Benny a small tap on the arm, to alert him about the boy. “Three o’clock”, he whispered. A tiny disruption to the whistling was enough to let the hunter know he saw it too.
“A man can try”. Dean was grinning at him again, and Cas felt a sudden urge to bend down and kiss him. It would be so easy… his body begun moving in Dean’s direction, but then he forced himself to stop.
"He would be glad if you were the one to go talk to him, Dean." He added. "From what I've heard, the two of you have unfinished business. This will be your last chance to set things straight with him. I will be waiting for your call".
The only reason he let go of Cass was that he smelled smoke. Cass still had his arms around Dean and was looking over his shoulder, breathless. His hair all messed up and Dean's hand still on his neck. His eyes were a mix of confusion and sadness.
“That’s because I have good taste”, Dean told him, hoping that would be enough to convince Jack to put it down. It wasn’t, of course.
Ben obeyed, carefully maneuvering the car according to Dean’s instructions.
“Because otherwise, they are going to get worse. A lot worse.” Dean told him, harshly. He took another step towards the bed and faced Ben directly, making sure he was paying attention. Ben wanted to tell him he didn't need to make sure. He wouldn’t be able to look away even if he tried. “Cas
"You are happy about something" Cass tilted his head slightly, investigating Dean's expression. Dean realized he had a large smile on his face, and he wasn't even aware of it. Castiel continued starring. "Is it the pancakes?" Dean laughed. A grown-ass man should NOT be this cute.
“Yeah, and I don’t buy that”, she cut him off, biting her bottom lip. “You’re always on edge when he’s around, you’re clearly uncomfortable with the idea of him being a hunter, and…”
Dean grinned at him, resisting the urge to add that he preferred Cas without any clothes at all in the morning. Instead, he leaned in and pressed a quick kiss to the angel’s temple. “Talk to Claire, and I’ll let you borrow any sweatpants you want”.
“You know that once Claire sees us doing that, she’s going to want to do it too, right?”, Ben asked, glancing doubtfully at his friend outside. From what Dean could tell, Jack was now holding Ben’s phone and showing her whatever Ben had shown him.
“Where’s Sam?”, he asked, dryly. Ben swallowed and pointed to the other side of the library, where Sam had disappeared between shelves to talk on the phone.
“What? Tell him? Or kick him out?” Dean snapped. It came out more sharply than he had intended. “Because I don’t plan on doing either”.
Azazel told him
She was about to call Kaia again when she heard a knock on her door.
He had pictured Dean so many times now that he only questioned if it could really be him when Dean smiled and spoke to him. His imaginary Dean never spoke.
, he thought, smiling proudly to himself. That was
“Dean, wait”, Cas called behind him. There was a note of alarm in his voice that had Dean shivering before even turning to face the angel.
They hugged for a little longer until she had the sobbing under control. Then Jack untightened his arms a little, letting her take a step back. She felt a little better now, steadier.
Dean turned around and his hand instinctively slipped to the gun on his waist. It would be useless against anything in this place, he knew that. But Chuck's voice always had him reaching for a gun. He faced the man he had spent the last year trying to destroy. Chuck was dressed in sweatpants and an old green hoodie, looking exactly as he had looked almost ten years ago when Dean had first met him. A sci-fi writer with no money and very little recognition. Chuck smiled at him and Dean realized it was not Chuck.
Claire’s lips curled into a dry smile.
“Then yeah! Of course, we told her”, Claire replied, with a malicious grin.
The two young hunters had been acting strangely all day. Not that Castiel considered himself a particularly good judge on what constituted “strange behavior”, but after lunch, Dean had pulled him aside and asked: “those two acting kind of funny to you?”, and that confirmed his suspicions. Claire and Ben had been silent throughout most of the meal, exchanging conspirative glances every two minutes. Claire was, apparently, still quite intrigued by Sam’s lighter, and kept asking Dean about details on how it was made, what kind of hunter kept things like that, why couldn’t she get one, when or how Dean had lost his. This last question he blinked twice before answering, glancing at Ben for a second before telling her that he didn’t remember how he lost it, but it was over five years ago. Dean had never told Cas about the circumstances in which he lost his mother’s lighter, but the angel knew him well enough to piece together that “over five years ago”, probably meant “seven years ago” precisely.
Ben glanced at Dean, looking for an explanation, but the hunter hadn’t moved a muscle. He kept his eyes on Ben, arms crossed over his chest and mouth pressed in a thin line. The boy turned back to Castiel, ready to ask what the hell was he talking about, but something in the way the two men regarded him changed his mind. He felt a sudden chill coming up his spine.
Dean finally took a moment to assay his surroundings. The wolf who was above him was now on the ground, lying on his back, with his eyes burned out. The female leader was also down, near the spot where she had Benny pinned to the ground. The vampire’s blade had gone through her jaw and exited her skull through one of her eyes. There was only one more new body nearby, with his face down, so Dean wasn’t sure it had been Benny or Cas who had taken him out. The third one had probably been smart enough to run away when the angel arrived. Dean took a deep breath and stood up, with some help from Cas.
Dean is nervous about how his relationship with Cass is going to work out after they come back from the Empty. They try to figure it out over pancakes.
Dean starts the incantation and observes while Benny is dragged into him. It looks weird, but it feels like shit. Having another soul slide into you it’s uncomfortable and invasive. It burns like hell and once it is all inside, it tingled and itched as if fire ants were biting him from the inside. As strange as it sounds, Dean imagined he could feel
“I won’t…”
“You sure that thing is properly sterilized?” Kaia asked, doubtfully. Ben wished she had made that particular question
“You guys are acting so weird…”, Claire mumbled, crossing her arms.
“It’s ok, Dean”, Jack touched his arm in a pacifying gesture. “We don’t need to go today. Any other time is fine”.
"You're ready?" Jack asked.
“Oh, you wait for it, brother” For some reason, Benny also seemed to be in a good mood all of a sudden. “We’ll have one hell of a good time once we’re out of here”
“Cas!” He shouted, and as far as warnings go, this one seemed effective, for Castiel didn’t make other remarks. Benny raised an eyebrow. He wasn’t really curious before, but now he was intrigued.
Dean waited until Benny had disappeared behind the trees before turning back to Cas. They stared at each other for a long moment, while the Angel read the hunter’s expression, trying to figure out what he was about to say. But Dean was unreadable at the moment. Too many emotions mixed together, all hidden behind a cold, stoic face.
They gathered around the end of the table in a half-circle, and Cas opened one of the journals in a way they could all see it clearly. Ben was careful to position himself by Claire and as far away from Dean as he could without it looking suspicious. The hunter meant well (probably), but Ben was still troubled by their confrontation in the garage. He respected Dean’s experience as a hunter, but the older man had no right to lecture him on how to live his life, or on his relationship with his mother, for that matter. The weirdest part, though, was that it felt uncomfortable and patronizing, sure, but not invasive. Dean’s tone, scolding him like a child, should have felt inappropriate given that they barely knew each other. But once again, it didn’t. Once again, it felt nostalgic, almost familiar.
“Jody packed us some sandwiches for the trip”, Kaia replied, in a cheerful tone. She hadn’t let go of Claire’s hand. Ben had assumed it was just a casual touch, but now he realized it was a pacifying one. She was grounding Claire by holding onto her.
, he thought.
“Damn well it was” Dean grumbled, looking away from him. They fell into silence after that, each of them lost in his own thoughts. Benny, as usual, was the first one to break it.
Dean let out a relieved sigh at the sound of that. He turned to Jack, about to thank him for being so sensible when his eyes landed on the kid’s face, and the expression of disappointment was enough to drain whatever sense of victory he had on him. Fuck his life so very much.
Dean did not tell Sam about Cass's confession. How could he ever? He still couldn't decide if it meant what he thinks it meant. Cass is (was, he keeps reminding himself) not human. Emotions are a tricky thing for him. He knows Cass is capable of love, he proved that time and time again, and he knows Cass can understand, and quite possibly feel physical attraction. He's seen the dude throw Meg against a wall, pizza man style. Also, Cass has been human, and in that period of time, he flirted with the idea of a date, of a romantic relationship with his boss back at that terrible convenience store Dean found him working at. But the fact that Cass has experienced all that is not proof of anything. Every time he talks to angels he is reminded that they are not human, even when the angels themselves appear not to remember that. But Cass is not most angels. He's lived among humans for such a long time, and he has grown so much over the last ten years. Maybe, just maybe, Cass knew exactly what he was saying when he said that he loved Dean. Maybe it meant exactly what Dean thought it meant. That was a dangerous train of thought, and Dean knows that.
“Hey, can I ask you something?”. The question escaped her lips before she even realized it. He nodded. “Have you ever felt something you weren’t proud of?”
“Hey”, she said. “Cas told you to check up on me?”
freaking out a little. “It’s not my problem. Don’t worry. I should have known, anyway”. Surprisingly, she forced a small smile, although she couldn’t maintain it for very long. “It’s fine, Cas. Really. Just…” she nodded at the lighter. “I don’t know what’s going on with Ben. And I’m scared”.
Eventually, Dean understood Cas was careful not to put himself in actual danger. Once he sensed a Leviathan, he would fly away, slowly distancing himself from Dean and Benny and drawing the Leviathan – and most monsters who happened to be around – away from them. Cas assured Dean multiple times that he was faster than the Leviathan, and once he thought the distance between them was sufficient, he would fly back to Dean and Benny. They had been doing this for months now. The downside was that, without Cas to obliterate the monsters out of existence, Dean and Benny had to do the dirty work the old way.
With a sigh, he rested his forehead against Dean’s, fingers still stroking his hair gently. He could feel Dean’s breathing slowing a bit against his face, but he was still tense and frightened. For Ben as well as for himself.
Dean nodded and stood up. He felt physically fine, which was a good sign. He stretched his arms and rolled his neck, making sure everything was in order and forced a smile for Cas and Benny. He could still hear the echoes: Sam’s cry, Jon’s voice, Cas possessed…
Whether or not Castiel believed him, it was enough for the angel to make up his mind. He took one last, long look at Dean and told him he would be back soon. It was a promise, made to calm him down, reassure him. Dean didn’t answer and Castiel disappeared.
He could see Sam’s brain gears starting to tick behind his tired eyes. The hunter searched for a specific article from the pile and got back to his chair, typing something frantically onto his computer. He stared at the scream for a while before raising his eyes to Ben. They weren’t tired anymore.
Cas cocked his head at him as if he couldn’t decide if Dean was being serious or making a sarcastic comment. “No, I don’t”, he finally said, raising an eyebrow at the hunter. “I have very strong evidence to support that statement”
“I would like a little less excitement for a change”. He felt the movement of Cas’s silent laughter against his head.
It was Jon’s voice, but Dean couldn’t see him. It sounded low and angry and it made him feel terribly small.
Benny shifted under his skin as if he agreed with that.
He sent Jack to make the copies (that seemed like trainee work) and went to wait outside with Cas after hearing a bit more about the case from dr. Silva. She wasn’t particularly
Claire threw her phone on the bed. She had tried calling Kaia four times already, always going straight to voicemail. The fourth time, she had let the electronic message play out, just so she could hear Kaia’s voice telling her: “
, he thought to himself but didn’t say it out loud. Truth is, he could barely think of more than five or six occasions he had actually seen Dean truly happy. So instead the angel simply replied:
“Would it make you feel better if I said yes?”
“Who? Julietta?” Benny was struck by the question, but Cas simply nodded.
“Well, if we’re talking about that, you might as well get off your high horse, pal.” He arched his eyebrows, inquisitive. “You flinch every time you
“I’m fine, Cas, don’t worry”.
“Fine”, he told Dean, adopting a more serious tone. “Your secret, not mine. But if he stays here, he’s going to keep scratching. You
Claire wasn’t proud of the way she reacted. She knew Cas probably wanted to speak to her, that he was probably worried, the big dweeb. She knew she would have to talk to him, eventually. She just wasn’t looking forward to it. Taking the phone back, she regarded the screensaver for a second. It was a picture Jody had taken a couple of months back. Claire was sitting outside the house in Sioux Falls, dressed in a white hoodie and jeans. Her hair was French-braided, and she had a book on her arms. It was probably something lore-related from Bobby’s old library. Jody had lots of books like that hanging around the house, although Claire couldn’t remember what that particular book was about. Kaia had surprised her from behind, enlacing her neck with her arms and kissing her cheek. In the picture, Claire’s eyes were wide with surprise. She could see Alex laughing on the back, and she remembered that Jody was laughing too when she took the picture.
He hoped she heard it. He wasn’t even sure if he had said it out loud. After that, he fell asleep.
“Dean, why don’t we talk outside for a moment?” His voice was very low, and if Dean had learned anything after almost ten years of interacting with Cas, it was that the look in his eyes meant it hadn’t been a suggestion. “Jack?”, the angel called, without looking away from Dean. “Can you get some wet cloth to clean this up?”
“No…” Cas finally managed to say. He kept his eyes on Dean while he spoke, which Benny presumed was the only thing keeping the hunter where he was. “This is most definitely new.”
. It seemed kind of pointless to get upset about it now.
“I don’t like the idea of talking to him”, Dean agreed, and Sam couldn’t tell if it was because he was afraid of triggering a memory or if it was simply because talking to Ben was too damn painful. “But at least here he's safe. We let him leave, he might wake up in a ditch somewhere with his heart missing. And I’m not taking that risk”
“She didn’t like being a member of someone else’s nest” he admitted. He and Julietta had barely overlapped. The Old Man had her killed only a few weeks after Benny was turned. But she had made quite an impression. “I recognized her as soon as I saw her in here, but she didn’t recognize me. Not at first. She remembered me eventually, or simply took my word for it when I told her who I was. I’ll never know”.
Well, maybe Ben just wasn’t a very smart person.
“…they’d pass out from blood loss”, Dean finished. The doctor nodded. “So, they were probably put to sleep, but that’s it? The blood loss did the rest of the work?”
Dean was relieved that Cas was lucid again, but there was still something wrong. He could feel it. Maybe the angel still felt guilty about the Leviathan and the casualties he caused during his brief time as God, or the damage he inflicted on Sam... Dean couldn’t blame him for not being able to get rid of that feeling. Cas
"To be fair, he only said the first part", Jack pointed out.
He had invited Jack to join them since the Nephilim appeared to be developing a growing interest in the Impala (although he seemed more interested in learning to drive it than in understanding how it worked), but Jack had recently been introduced to Netflix, which, in retrospect, might have been a mistake. He promised to join Dean and Ben at the garage after finishing the episode of Clone Wars he was watching before they left to get the case files, but Dean was very aware that “finishing the episode” translated to “watching four other episodes after that”. Which meant he was alone with Ben to work on the car, given that Cas had volunteered to take over research.
Except he wouldn’t watch, and he shouldn’t want to. He didn’t deserve that.
“I guess my mom wouldn’t be very pleased to know what I am using it for”, Ben admitted, trying really hard to sound cool about it, but Dean detected a pang of guilt. He could exploit that.
Ben blinked a couple of times, trying to organize his thoughts, but it was a worthless effort. He remembered waking up in the car, with his head on Claire’s lap and everyone else looking at him as if he was about to die. Then he remembered Castiel in the garage. He remembered the warmth that filled him when the angel’s fingers touched his forehead. The rest of it was a blur. There were fragments of a conversation with Claire, and she seemed worried, but he couldn’t remember what they were talking about or how did they end up in his room. He didn’t remember her leaving and he
“I take full responsibility”, Cas replied, in a serious voice.
“No”, Dean grunted. With the amount of rage packed in Dean's voice, Benny considered himself lucky all he got was a murderous look and not a knife on his neck. He seriously considered shutting up and letting Dean cool off by himself, but Castiel’s words resonated in his head: ‘
“Dean” Benny tried moving closer again, slower this time until he was just two feet away. Dean was way taller than him, but he looked smaller at that moment. Almost fragile, which was a weird thing given that he was over a six feet tall, muscular man holding a blade that could cut through bone. And still… “would you look at me?”
Holy shit, that hadn’t even crossed Dean’s mind. Checking for shifters and daemons was second nature to him. It was an automatic response. And yet he hadn’t even thought about the possibility that the person he just met might not be Ben at all. He let his face sink into his free hand once again. What was happening to him? This was affecting him way more than it should.
Castiel noticed when the Empty started to change. It was subtle and he believed only divine beings were actually able to grasp the extent of this change, but he could feel it moving, rearranging itself. The noise grew quieter with time as well. "This is it". He told himself. "It is preparing us to go back to sleep". This was the end. At least he had died doing something noble, at least his death had some purpose. And at least Dean knew. No matter how he reacted to it, he knew how Cass felt. That would have to be enough because he would never get anything else.
“I never told him I forgave him”, Dean muttered, as a different kind of panic took hold of his face. When he spoke it was rushed and mumbled. “Every time he comes back, I’m so angry at him for having left… I never told him I forgive him every time”.
“Well, I figured I’m probably not your favorite person at the moment, Jully” He gasped. Now that the fighting had stopped, he was finally starting to feel his wound. And it was hurting like hell. “So I’m sorry if I wasn’t exactly in a rush to see you”.
“I wish I was”, he said, defensively. His headache (which didn’t exist until a few minutes ago) was getting worse. “I was twelve, I think. I’m not sure. I was cleaning up some old drawers and it was just… there!”
from the hospital?” Dean asked, skeptically.
"Hi, Sam", he said. It took Sam a few seconds before he could answer.
have a small crisis over that later on), but that’s what you’re supposed to do in a relationship, right? Cheer your partner up when they look down.
“I’m used to that”, Cas raised his deep blue eyes to meet Benny’s. The vampire felt uncomfortably seen. “But I know humans benefit from it. Especially the ones who don’t do it often”.
discomfort at least.
“Dean?” a voice called from the garage door. Castiel’s voice, Ben realized. Which for some reason sounded uncomfortably like the high-pitched noise in his head. “Dean, what’s wrong?”
Without even a glance at Cas or the kids, Dean hurried back inside the bunker, heading down the corridor and away from the entrance. From behind him, he could hear Claire calling his name. When he didn’t answer or turned back, he assumed she turned back to Ben since the last thing he heard was a furious “You guys know each other?”, followed by a very deep and defensive “No!”. Just as Dean had predicted, Ben’s voice was much deeper than it had been seven years ago. He sounded like a freaking adult.
“And things are not alright right now?”
Cass spent so much time trying to convince himself that when he saw Dean standing in front of him he was sure he was hallucinating. In the middle of that eternal now, where nothing happened, there was Dean, dressed in his usual flannel shirt, old jeans, and boots. He had a green jacket on, similar to the one he was wearing when Cass tossed him against a wall with a bloody handprint on his shoulder. It was not the same jacket though. Castiel had been around long enough to learn to differentiate between Dean's many similar outfits.
After a moment, Ben realized he was laying down with his head on Claire’s lap. What had just happened? A dream? A hallucination? It didn’t feel like either of those things.
“You’d be a terrible spy as well, Dean”, Cas pointed out.
“Deal”. Just by looking at the bags under Sam’s eyes, Dean could tell those two hours would turn into at least four. He watched his brother stumble down the hallway towards his room with a smug grin. His baby brother might be a 6’4 giant and a literal Hell veteran, but it was good to know he could still boss him around every now when he wanted to.
"Because you always put so much work into it". The answer made Castiel blush a little, which pleased Dean. "And is not that bad. It is drinkable"
“Hold on!” He tells Cas again, putting every bit of strength he has left into holding the angel’s hand. Maybe he can’t pull him up, but he can hold on. Dean would never,
In many ways, Cas was still surprised by the way their relationship had developed over the past year. Humans were very complicated, Dean more than most. He hardly shared what he was feeling, and he tended to say things that meant other, deeper things he couldn’t (or wouldn’t) put into words. He also had a habit of denying what he wanted. Most humans did those things, on different levels, for different reasons, and Castiel eventually gave up trying to understand them as a species. Dean, on the other hand, he learned to read quite well. He knew when he was tense, and when he was sad. He knew when the sadness came from guilt (which was most of the time), or when it came from longing or hurt. He knew when Dean wanted to be held and when he wanted to be left alone. And he was learning to differentiate between the times he should be left alone and the times he should be disobeyed and comforted despite his protests. This was still a tricky territory, with a lot of trial and error, but Cas was getting better at it.
He handed Sam a plate and Ben another. Claire had gone with toast and Jack had opted to enjoy his lucky charms while he still had them, since Sam wouldn’t let him restock anytime soon. Cas was also at the table, and Dean got him to leave the trench coat in their room before heading out to breakfast, but he was still in his usual white shirt and loose blue tie. Which, on one hand, reminded Dean of how Lucifer would dress while possessing Cas’s body (which,
“Thanks, Cas”.
. It sounded so surreal he had a hard time believing it to be true. “Yeah”, he mumbled. “Yeah, sure”. To his absolute surprise, Dean patted him on the shoulder at the sound of that, fondly, as a proud teacher or a dad would. It was baffling. Once again, that filled Ben with a deep, nostalgic sense of warmth, and once again he couldn’t identify the source of it.
Hope you enjoy it!
I miss?”
“That’s the funny thing”, Sam told him. “They weren’t. Blood completely drained, but it had been done through an IV tube. No signs of struggle, no marks on their necks, nada. Dean and had scratched out vampire completely, but then other cases started popping out, always with a week or two between the killings, always families with young children”.
The first thing that came into focus when Ben woke up was Dean. Which couldn’t possibly be a good sign. The hunter was leaning against the wall (not looking very happy), facing Ben’s bed. Or at least it was the bed he had slept on since he arrived at the bunker. He had no idea how he got there.
Ben seemed a little embarrassed by that, but he shrugged, trying not to show it. Good. Dean wanted him to feel out of place in the hunting world. The faster he understood that there was a good life waiting for him somewhere else, the better.
"I probably wouldn't have had the balls to say it in the first place" he admitted, sounding disgusted with himself. Utterly ashamed."I'm so sorry, Cass"
couldn’t
“Man, this is good” he finally said, after three more scoops of water. “Didn’t know could miss
"Oh, I'm not complaining, brother" Benny flashed him a cunning smile and pulled his cap over his eyes. His arms were crossed over his body, and he looked almost
"Jack?" He whispered. Eileen couldn't hear him, of course, but he was still afraid of waking her, so he talked as softly as he could. "Are you there, buddy?"
“Wait…”, Ben’s eyes widened.
"I'm sorry I couldn't say anything back then", Dean whispered.
Hey guys! First of all, yeah. I know Dean's reason for erasing Ben and Lisa's memories is kind of dumb, but that's just because THERE ISN'T A SINGLE VALID REASON FOR HIM TO HAVE DONE THAT. It didn't make sense in the show either, and we can blame the writers for that. Nonetheless, canon's still canon, and this is a canon-compliant fic, so I tried to come up with the best explanation I could for why Dean would do something that stupid. Hope it was enough.
based on personal questions, and that had come out of absolutely nowhere. He stared at Benny, but the vampire had lowered the cap over his eyes again
“Fine. But you’re keeping an eye on him”.
He smiled softly at her. That expression resembled Cas’s a lot. Which meant it also kind of resembled her father’s. Which was very comforting, for some reason.
“Ok, Cas, you win. You were a somewhat decent spy,”, he granted, pulling the angel’s head down to kiss him again “Although mostly on accident”.
They had talked about that last night, after dinner, but hadn’t reached any conclusions. Mostly because Dean was so tired of thinking about Ben and worrying about what might happen that he eventually shut Cas up with a lot of kisses that made it impossible for him to keep talking and basically forced the angel down to the bed. It was a cheap strategy, but as they both knew Cas was much stronger than he was, he took his success in pinning the angel down as a sign they were in an agreeance about delaying the conversation until the next day. It was now the next day, and Dean still wasn’t in the mood for it. He didn’t think he would ever be.
"Wouldn't you be? If you were in my position?" Dean let his hands fall beside his body and looked away. He seemed almost embarrassed.
“Not if I ask him not to”, she said, and to his surprise, she seemed to
There is a lot more backstory on both Ben and Dean and Cas's relationship that I want to explore, but I scattered it across the fic because the main action is happening in the present.
Ben scanned the room for any clues that this was a well-elaborate joke they were all playing on him, with no success. He let his head fall to the table, hitting the wood with a high ‘THUNK’.
The other duo was anyone’s guess though. Sam didn’t know Ben well enough to guess how the kid would react, but he couldn’t blame him if he reacted poorly. He couldn’t blame Ben if he took the car and decided to never look at Dean again for the rest of his life.
When Cas leaned down to kiss him, Dean could feel his smile against his lips. They took their time, savoring a long, lazy kiss before breaking apart. “Better?” Cas asked, smugly. Dean smiled back and place a quick kiss on his angel’s mouth.
With his arms crossed over his body, Sam stared at Dean for a long time, as if trying to piece together whatever was going on in Dean’s head. He looked older, as if the weight of three decades of bad experiences were finally beginning to show. He looked wiser, too. Well, wise or not, good luck trying to decipher the labyrinth that was Dean Winchester’s brain. Most days, Dean didn’t understand half of it himself. Eventually, Sam let out a long, defeated breath.
“So”, Dean said, trying to sound as natural as he could. “If you like cars, how come you’re driving around in a…”
in Jon’s voice.
Once Benny was far enough not to pay them any more attention, Cas closed the distance between himself and Dean. The hunter didn’t turn to face him, because he guessed what was coming. Cas had indeed sounded like a broken record over the past weeks. And the tune he was playing on repeat wasn’t one Dean enjoyed in the slightest.
“It’s easier to bond over a common enemy” Castiel shrugged and looked away.
“Then I’ll watch over you”. Dean rolled his eyes. This argument was taking precious seconds away from their monster-free time.
“Your mom used to say that to you?” Claire inquired, casting a side glance at Ben. Dean
, Dean realizes.
“I bet it isn't”.
“And Sam”, he finally added. For a second he thought Dean would get angry at him again, but the hunter simply nodded in acceptance.
“We think a couple of other cases in neighboring states may be related”, he explained, which was surprisingly true.
me!” Dean snapped at him, knocking his glass so hard at the table Sam was afraid he would break another one. Cas raised his eyes in a worried look but didn’t move. They both knew they needed to let Dean spill whatever he had building up inside before they could even attempt to talk to him. “I left that kid so he wouldn’t turn out like us. I wiped his freaking memory so that he would turn out like us. Then how the fuck did he just show up, bleeding at our doorstep after a ghost hunt, hum? A ghost hunt, Sam!
Four days later he said goodbye to Benny, and that hurt a lot more than he thought it would. After a year, he knew he would miss the son of a bitch a lot more than he would ever admit out loud. Benny was family now, even if neither of them ever said it. After they went their separate ways, Dean was finally alone. He couldn't crumble just yet. He still had to find Sam. But without Benny's burning energy underneath his skin it was harder to keep it together. Cas's absence was loud and impossible to ignore. And yet somehow he was able to push it down, store it away in some dark corner of his mind. Thinking about it would drive him insane and he knew it. Just as thinking about Cas's hand against his skin would, about his ridiculously blue eyes, about his soft smile, about his lips against Dean's...
Dean thought but held his tongue. He was surprised by how angry that whole conversation was making him. He’d promised himself (and Cas) that he wouldn’t get angry at Ben. But the kid was making that really hard right now.
Cas’s eyebrows dawned together. “Until?”
At the sound of that, even Cas’s eyes widened in surprise. His grip on Dean’s leg softened a little, which meant there was absolutely nothing stopping him from punching a hole through the table (which he didn’t do, but it was a close call).
“You’d have to ask Sam that. Those're his initials on the bottom”, Dean replied, in an equally light-herded tone. “Funny story, though. My dad walked around with one of these for over twenty years without having any idea that it was a hunter’s lighter.”
“You only live once, right?”. Cas was the only one who smiled at his joke. Probably because he was the only one in the kitchen who had died as much as Dean and knew for a fact that moto was bullshit.
deal with his own former-almost-kid-who-he-kind-of-abandoned in the same day.
“Two”, Sam finally answered, after some very grumpy consideration.
“Even if it gets them killed?”, Dean spit. Cas sighed.
“He doesn’t know” Cas grumbled behind Dean. He said it very matter-of-factly, not annoyed or angry about it. Dean, on the other hand, didn’t like to hear that. Over the past year (and yes, it had been a
He turned his face to Jack. “You were
“You really don’t need to bother…”
“Kaia, I’ve been patching people up since before you were born”, Sam replied, without looking away from Ben’s arms. His hands were steady and his movements precise. Ben didn’t have that much experience with deep wounds, but he thought it might not even leave a scar. Sam clearly knew what he was doing.
“Seeing him
"It's not for you little human eyes" the Empty replied, sounding actually offended. "But if you could see it? Wow". Dean rolled his little human eyes.
“I’m sorry”, he finally answered, trying not to pick a fight. “It was a stupid question”.
“It’s his car” Cas interjected before Dean could answer with whatever he was about to come up with as a comeback. Benny giggled.
“She trusts you guys”, Claire said, giving him a sly smile “for some inexplicable reason”. She lowered her eyes to the journal Cas had opened in front of them. “Also, I’m really curious to see how this one is going pan out. Sam’s not joining us?”
my dad’s dead. I am so glad Cas is happy, I really, really am. I just never saw…” she started crying again. It sounded so childish to be bothered by something like that. Cas didn’t deserve it. She would have to pull herself together before they talked again. “I never
“I’ll live”, she said, smiling at him. He could see a glimpse of sadness in her eyes though. “She said she’d call me when she arrived at the station, so I guess I better keep busy until then”.
between them was. Cas had to look away. They wouldn't have the time to figure anything out. He started talking again because the silence would drive him crazy:
After the vampire cut his own flesh, he managed a smug smile at Dean. Confident as ever.
he thought, running his finger tenderly over the black bodyshell.
hard to believe. One look at the mess that was Castiel and anyone could figure out he had made mistakes in his life. He looked constantly tired, the kind of tired that only shows after caring a heavy amount of guilt for too long. But Dean didn’t seem to regard Cas as an enemy, so it couldn’t have been that bad.
“Wish I could say the same” the angel retorted, in the same flat tone he had used before. Julietta smiled and glanced at Benny.
, mostly because from a coroner’s perspective, it was a pretty simple case, even if it was an unusual one. But she was slightly more interested, however, in their theories regarding the killer’s motives. Dean told her in the most professional way he could that that information was classified.
Dean was clearly trying to fight his own nervousness. He was a smart guy who had gone through that before. He probably knew that what he was experiencing were the effects of the venom and was probably fighting hard to push them down. Still, Benny was aware that
“Damn right I did”, he grumbled, reaching for the plates stacked near the oven and serving the eggs carefully.  He
“He blamed me, for a while”, Jack said, matter-of-factly. Claire’s mouth dropped in surprise.
Dean rolled his eyes at him.
“Oh, but not like you”, she said, challenging.
Dean and Benny were back-to-back, in the center of a circle of hungry werewolves who seemed more organized than most of the monsters they had met so far. The group had a sense of strategy, coming at them like that, trapping the two of them like that. While the group got closer around them, Benny whistled an old southern lullaby. At first, Dean had been annoyed by this habit, but he eventually grew used to it and now he could say he even enjoyed it. For some reason, the melody helped him focused, kept him sharp during combat.
Dean frowned slightly, clearly unhappy about having to think about anything at that moment.
“Maybe you were lied to”, Cas pointed out. He was trying to help, not provoke. Not that it mattered at that point. “Maybe there is no seam”.
Dean was surprised by realizing he was actually looking forward to figuring it out, whatever
It was ironic that he seemed to care about that more than Dean or Benny since there was no day or night in heaven either. But he had been on Earth for a while now and had gotten used to it. To watch the sunrise and set. Watching light become darkness and wait for it to become light again. It was truly a wonderful thing, something could never imagine he would miss as much as he did in Purgatory.
“I know that”, Cas sighed, and Dean wasn’t sure if he did. “But I would like to talk to her properly, nonetheless”
It was a Thursday morning. He woke up earlier than usual since he had plans for going to town with Cass before lunch and getting the poor angel a decent haircut and some clothes that could actually choose (Cass had asked for a new trenchcoat more than once). He went to the kitchen and found Cass standing in front of the stove, completely still and focused as if he was attempting to do brain surgery.
Cas swallowed. He was moved but couldn’t do anything besides nod. He did not deserve Dean’s trust or his affection.
They walked at a slower pace than usual. The forest around them seemed restless, noisy. Dean could feel it breathing on his neck. Eventually, Cas and Benny started walking closer to him. They didn’t say anything, nor did they have to. They simply positioned themselves one on each side of Dean, close enough so that he could feel their presence. He didn’t know how they could feel it, feel that he needed them there, but they did. And he was grateful.
"Jack? Is that really you?"
Now, looking at the articles fifteen minutes later, Ben was intrigued. Something about it struck him as familiar, but he wasn’t sure why. “Were their throats ripped out?”, he asked, quietly. He couldn’t find that information in the article, and it seemed something weird to leave out.
trying to avoid). That left them with the garage, which was how they ended up hovering over the Impala for some routine tinkering.
he thought to himself.
It hadn’t been an easy ride to get to where they were now. Far from it. The first time he and Cas slept together, Dean had freaked out so bad the morning after that he practically shoved Cas out of his bed and locked himself in the bathroom for almost half an hour before having the guts to face anyone outside of his room. The second time didn’t go
“Nah”, Dean waved dismissively at her, but his voice shook a little. “I had it for a while after he died but lost it during some hunt. You know, hard to keep track of tiny things in between apocalypses.”
He thought about it for a second, remembering the high-pitched noise that was bothering him during breakfast. And the day before.
happen?” Dean felt the urge to punch someone turning from Cas to Benny, but all he did was roll his eyes and ignore the vampire once again. They hadn’t had any backstory expositions until this point, and they weren’t about to start having them now.
Claire had seen his movement and moved her lips silently.
The downside was that the braided hair also made her face easier to read, and right now he could easily detect a very strange mixture of annoyance, worry, and curiosity.  She crossed her arms and glared at him, a look that contrasted heavily with her light outfit.
She asked, without making a sound. He nodded.
Dean was just another puzzle, and one Ben was particularly curious to solve.
“This isn’t Sam’s lighter”, she said, quietly. He nodded.
As it turns out, second kisses are way harder than first ones. In Dean's experience, they shouldn't be. Usually, if you had a decent first kiss, the second would come like some sort of natural progression. Which was not the case at all with him and Cass when they got back to the bunker.
Benny watched while Castiel blasted the life out of a vampire. It was faster and cleaner than what he and Dean had to do – one flash of light and it was over – but for some reason, it terrified him a hell of a lot more. If the angel one day decided to come for him, there was absolutely nothing Benny could do about it. That along with the fact that Benny was almost sure the angel wouldn’t be able to go through the portal made Castiel’s presence disquieting, to say the least. Benny had a feeling Cas wasn’t a fan of him or the plan either, but Dean had no interest in listening to either of them and, without Dean, the whole thing was pointless. So Benny had no other choice but to go along with it.
made that whole exchange worth it. Almost.
For some reason, that whole conversation made Dean smile a bit. It was far from carefree laughter, but it was the closest to it he would get in Purgatory. He looked at Benny and then at Cas, who was still close to him, ready to grab him if he gave any signs of falling.
What Dean did next surprised Cas as much as the kiss had. Without warning, the hunter reached his hand and rested it on top of Cas’s. Startled, he almost pulled it away in an involuntary gesture, but Dean held it in place. Cas waited for him to speak, but he didn’t, so the angel turned his hand underneath the hunter’s and held it back. It was Dean's turn to be slightly startled by that, but his only response was to tighten his grip on Cas’s hand. He couldn’t believe how good that simple gesture made him feel. How warm. He didn’t know he was still able to feel like that, which only made everything worse.
“Now”, he said, with a devious grin “you ready for bed?”
“I think it would be good for him to get out a little”, Cas offered. Dean didn’t really seem convinced, but he waved his hand in a defeated gesture.
Ben studied his eyes for a second, trying to read them. Now that he had caught on to the tension it was hard to miss, but there was something else going on in Dean’s mind he wasn’t able to grasp.
“And I assume you listened to him?” Benny looked more interested than he should, and Dean realized he was done with that whole conversation.
“You think any other family would have something like this?”
him” Dean grouched, sounding more defensive than he actually intended to.
They fell into a comfortable silence after that. Benny couldn’t precisely tell when he had started to feel this comfortable in the presence of Castiel. It was a recent thing. The angel used to have a very disquieting effect on him, but eventually, he started seeing it as a warm presence, instead of an aggressive one.
They had found the perfect place to practice a few miles north from the bunker, a short segment of paved road that diverged from the main highway, leading mostly to nowhere. It was wide enough for two lanes, but there wasn’t a single car around. The pavement was also in pretty good shape, which was something he insisted on to preserve the car bumpers. Baby was strong, but not strong enough to come out undamaged from driving lessons in a bumpy street. It was a pleasant scenery, with young trees planted on both sides of the road and a vast green field that extended as far as the eyes could see. The four of them even managed to find some tree branches scattered by the pavement and used them to mark a car space for Jack to practice street parking.
I'm so sorry for the long wait. I've been ridiculously busy and couldn't find the time I needed to finish this chapter. We're getting close to the end, so thank you for sticking around with me all this time.
. It didn’t mean he never requires any kind of rest.
'. When he turned back to Ben, Kaia and Claire, Cas looked painfully sorry.
“Hey, babe?” Dean’s mouth quirked in a half-smile “I’d have settled for a good morning kiss, but if that’s what you’re into at 9 a.m….”
“What? You have any brighter ideas, Einstein?”
?”, it was a playful joke, not mockery, and Dean smiled back at the vampire.
“I don’t understand the problem”, Jack frowned, as if he was thinking really hard about that. “You took the angel part really well”.
“Of course not”, he answered, weakly. “And I’m sure I’ll have to tell her, eventually, but not yet.” The boy turned his gaze to the floor, reclining against the Impala with his arms crossed protectively in front of his body. “Not yet. She would freak out. Or think I’m insane, lock me at some mental hospital, and
He sounded so tired as if there wasn’t a single spark of strength left in him. Dean swallowed. They were so close. Cas just had to hold on for a little bit longer and then they would be back home, and he could rest and let go of whatever it was that was eating him since they arrived at that place. He felt a very strong urge to hug Cas right there and then. Just pull him close, tell him it was going to be ok. Comfort him and tell him he would be able to rest very soon. He just had to hold on for a little bit longer. He didn’t do any of that. Instead, he held Cas’s gaze and said, as firmly and confidently as he could:
"You have to flip the pancakes, Cass" Dean sighed and moved behind Cass. "Here, let me show you".
“But I did a drift”, he flaunted. Claire looked at him like he had gone absolutely insane. Rude.
“This won’t hurt”, he repeated. His eyes were kind and there was something like pity in them, as if he felt sorry for what he was about to do. Ben clenched his fists around the bedsheets, tightening them so hard his knuckles hurt. He closed his eyes.
Dean closed his eyes and tightened his fists, digging his nails through the palm of his hand and focusing on the feeling. That was real. The voice wasn’t.
Castiel stopped on the top of the hill by Benny’s side. His eyes were locked on Dean’s back, and he seemed worried. The vampire would always find himself uncomfortable while Castiel was looking at Dean like that, because it was like the rest of the world had simply ceased to exist. Benny felt as if he could drop dead – or more dead than he already was – and Castiel would not take his eyes off Dean.
“No, not exactly”, Cas said, thinking carefully about what Dean told him from Ben’s story. “It’s exposition to
When Dean realized that Cas was not going to move anymore, he shifted back to his original position. The angel could swear he saw something flicker behind Dean's green eyes. Was it disappointment? Or had that been just Cas’s wishful thinking?
But Cas was weighing down on him as if he’s not even trying to get up. Dean feels the angel being pulled in the opposite direction, feels their hands grasping for each other against the strength of that pull.
“Dean,” Cas called, walking only a couple of steps behind him “It’s a human portal. There is no proof that an angel can pass…”
“Yeah, man”. Dean shut his eyes and smiled. He did look tired, after all. “My legs were starting to kill me”
“Is it silver?”
he reminded himself.
That seemed to snap Dean out of whatever trance he was in, and he immediately stepped away from the table, letting go of Ben’s arm. The room suddenly fell into an uncomfortable silence, and Ben looked from one Winchester to the other without any idea of what he should be doing or saying right now. The past thirty minutes had probably been some of the most unsettling ones he had ever lived through. Unsurprisingly, Claire was the first one to break the tension.
Leaning against the wall on the other end of the corridor, the younger Winchester thought about what to do next. While everyone else was out for driving lessons, he and Cas had finally cracked the vampire case. It had taken him every single one of those papers, the coroner’s report, and Asa’s journal, plus a little bit of theorizing, but they finally knew what to do. Expect he couldn’t do it because every single personal crisis that was hanging over their heads for the past few days had decided to burst.
, looking through his cassette tapes trying to pick something (Dean had veto power when it came to the soundtrack, but he let Cas have some fun with it. Also, he had preselected every single one of those tapes, so it wasn’t like one of
“An old lady that could kick your bloodsucking ass in a second, so watch it, Twilight”
“He knows, brother”
“I don’t remember ever listening to this one”, he said.
Dean had asked him, coming out from beneath the Impala to meet the young boy’s eyes. Ben had shrugged, nodding at the small tray he was carrying. ‘
“There’s plenty of reason”, Ben shook him off and raised his eyes, holding Dean’s gaze in defiance.
“I’m sorry, what?” Dean raised his head and looked at him with his eyes wide open, genuinely shocked by the question. Their relationship was
“Dean, you don’t need to…”
“What?” the boy managed to ask, his flashlight still pointed straight at Dean. Another sound came from the tent behind the young man and Dean’s free hand got a hold of his gun before he could even think about it. He had barely used it while in purgatory since the bullets were pretty harmless against monsters,  but the instinct was still there. And after a year with no use, the thing still had at least four bullets left.
"Don't worry, Cass", He whispered, running his fingers through the former angel's hair. "We can make more. We will make as many as you like".
he reminded himself.
He answered. In the dream, he sounded like he did when he was twelve. Voice still soft and unchanged. Trembling.
Ben wanted to say, but he bit his lip. That was a guess. A very wild guess based on nothing but one comment from Dean about losing his mother’s lighter. Claire examined his face as if trying to see if he was hiding something or not.
Jack didn’t respond to that. He frowned, turning that idea in his mind. He trusted Cas and the Winchesters blindly, which she couldn’t blame him for, but it still worried her. They were good people, the three of them. Which wasn’t the same as saying they were trustworthy all the time. Nor that they didn’t keep secrets. Claire sighed. Of course, some secrets are yours to tell.
“He’s a hunter”, Claire retorted. “Trauma is kind of in the job description”.
, he said, again, but Jon didn’t answer. Dean was alone in the dark again.
He knew Dean would hallucinate, that his emotions would be heightened and out of control, but seeing his partner, usually calm and in control, absolutely terrified like that had been harder than he would like to admit. Benny had glimpsed into Dean’s troubled past. He knew there was trauma, there was a pain. Hell, he knew there was probably more of those than anyone should ever carry. But he had never seen Dean like that: scared, vulnerable, dependent. It felt wrong like it was an exposed part of him the vampire wasn’t supposed to see. Out of respect, he tried to avert his eyes as best as he could.
"Anyway, I've seen what those fuckers can do. But your angel over here?” Benny gave Cas a side look from underneath the cap. “He lets you pet him”
“Dean!” Claire yelled, startled by the loud sound the heavy metal made when it collided first with the oven and then with the kitchen floor. Ben, Kaia, and Jack had risen immediately at the sound, but Cas was faster than any of them. He caught Dean’s arm in his hand and ran to fingers over the burned skin where the hot metal had touched him on its way to the floor. It was healed before Dean even registered the pain.
“And Sam…”
“Don’t you think you’re exaggerating?”
“You know Cas was dead when I first got here, right?”
do that again, you hear me?”, the hunter warned him, half furious and half relieved. Cas opened his mouth to answer, but before he could, Dean pulled the angel’s head towards his own and kissed him. It was not a soft or delicate thing. It was fierce, desperate, unplanned, and involuntary. Dean held him tightly between his hands as if he wanted to make sure Cas was there, that he was real, and that he wouldn’t go away. Castiel didn’t react, just stood there, eyes wider than humanly possible, completely shocked. When Dean finally pulled away, Cas’s stunned face was mirrored on his own, as if he had just woken up from a really weird dream and the memories were slowly catching up to him. Suddenly it was like there wasn’t a single drop of venom in his system. It looked like he was searching for the smartest escape route or for something that could turn him into a rock. Whichever made him disappear faster.
”. It sounded weird even in her mind.
To her surprise, Claire felt tears forming in her eyes. She brushed them away, but the crying was coming, forming a knot on her throat that was very hard to fight. She felt Jack’s arms coming around her as he pulled her into a tight hug. He hugged like a child does, with his whole body bringing her close. The proximity made her realize how tall he actually was, which felt wrong, for some reason, since he was still very small on her mind. Claire leaned into it, letting her head fall against Jack’s chest, and sobbed. She wasn’t even sure what she was sobbing about. Part of it was concerned for Ben, part of it was missing Kaia, plus the frustration of not being able to reach her.  It was just too much, all at once.
____________________________________
Dean stared at him, speechless. The son of a bitch hadn’t even
“Yes, I believe he did. But if it makes you feel better, he handled it a lot more gracefully than either of us”. Dean felt his mouth curving into an involuntary grin.
“So, how were you shocking our guest this morning, Claire?” Dean let his arm brush against Cas’s. The angel responded by moving a little closer to him as well. It was the closest thing to a good morning kiss he would get until they were alone, so Dean accepted it.
“If you had any idea of how strong your smell is you wouldn’t even joke about that”. Benny replied, throwing himself on the ground beside them. “Everything seems clear. I think we finally got ourselves some time to relax”.
"Yes". Jack lowered his hand and gave Sam a slight shrug. "At least I'm pretty sure it is"
“What do you mean?”, he asked. She thought about how to reformulate the question.
"He knew" Dean assured her, with a soft tap on her back. He wasn't sure that was how to comfort a girl, but he had never been around teenage girls, so he wouldn't know. He was good with children, he thought, but Claire was far from a child. So he hoped that would be enough. "He knew, Claire. Don't worry".
Ben hadn’t changed a bit. He had grown up, of course. Dean remembered a child, whose voice was just beginning to break but still had a high pitch. A small boy who was still far from any sort of growth sprout, who had a clean face and big, smiling eyes. The person standing by the bunker’s entrance wasn’t any of that. It was a man. A very, very young one, but a man, nonetheless. His face wasn’t clean anymore, and even from far below Dean could see the first signs of stubble. He couldn’t be sure about the boy’s height from where he was standing, but he figured Ben was probably as tall as Cas. Maybe even a bit taller. And although Ben hadn’t said a word (he looked so taken aback that Dean doubted he was even capable of it right now), Dean was fairly certain he wouldn’t
“Claire, we have to talk…”
he tells himself,
But then Sam decided it was a good idea to patch his arm with nothing but three gulps of bad whisky as anesthesia. Yeah, now Dean was definitely his favorite.
“Claire, wait!”, he called, but she was already gone. Dean held him back by the shoulder.
He put his hand above Cass's so they were holding the frying pan together. He was looking over Cass's shoulder and there was less than an inch between his own body and Cass's back. That's how he had taught Sam to make pancakes when Sam was around five. They were alone in a motel somewhere in Pennsylvania and had slept past breakfast hours. He was not a great cook himself, but he could manage pancakes, and teaching Sam how to do it was a great way to distract an anxious five-year-old. Looking back on that Sam was probably too young to be near a stove but what the hell?
Sam took a deep breath. He couldn't believe he actually got an answer, he was not expecting this much. He was afraid of what he would say next.
"Yeah" Dean looked around to all the nothing around him "I can see you went nuts with the decor".
out together, whatever
“You answered that kind of fast, don’t you think? Jesus, Cas. A man can dream!”.
how the vampire knew about the portal, but he always assumed it was something a little more solid than ‘
“You don’t say”
Dean analyzed the rest of the group. Neither of them seemed ready to attack. Smart, he thought. They were probably sending the young train-reck first and, depending on how it turned out for him, would attack one at a time or all at once. He felt Benny shifting his weight behind him, which meant the vampire was ready to take on the first attacker, leaving Dean with the job of guarding his back against the rest of the group. The hunter followed Benny’s movement, as they had done a million times already, and positioned himself. The young werewolf they had their eyes on howled and attacked, and the rest happened inexplicably fast.
Dean won't let Cass rot in the Empty for eternity. He simply won't.
“So you’re Castiel”, she said. Her accent was still the same in death as it had been in life: soft and sensual, each word uttered slowly as if she tasted each one while speaking. Her eyes were not nearly as pleasant.  They were hard, cold, and bloodthirsty, unable to transmit any emotion other than hate. “Heard a lot about you”
Cas sighed. He was used to Dean’s mood explosions on Earth. He thought they were somehow healthy. Dean buried all of his pain so deep inside him that those outlets were the only way to get him to say something about it.
Neither Jack nor Sam said anything after that. They let Dean alone, crying as if he had forgotten they were there. Sam realized he had barely shed a tear after they ended Chuck. After a few moments, when he seemed to have calmed down a little, Sam reached out again and squeezed Dean's shoulder. Dean didn't pull away this time.
“And you were, what. Road tripping this whole time?” Dean inquired, in an annoyed grunt.
he was sure Benny had already seen it. He wasn’t trying to hide it. He simply wanted to preserve the intimacy of that moment. It was not a secret, but it was theirs, and Cas was more than ok with that.
“Hey, Ben? You know how to make a 180º turn with one hand?”, he yelled. Ben looked from Jack to Claire, frowning in confusion.
“Want to stick around and help me out?” the hunter asked. “I understand if you have to go, but if you have some time to spare, I could use the help.”
“I don’t know. Until I can convince him to quit? Until I can ask him how the hell did he train with a hunter for two years without his mother knowing?”
At some point, he felt one of Dean’s hands coming under his shirt, while the other worked on slowly unbuttoning it. Cas let out an involuntary moan, which make Dean smile against his lips.
“He went looking for Sam”, Cas replied, already guiding Dean towards the door by the arm. “Don’t worry. Just go to your room and rest”. He looked Ben deeply in the eyes once again before walking away. “You are fine, Ben. You will
“Dean, how do you know Ben?”
“So why didn’t you?” Sam addressed both Cas and Dean with the question.
Dean looked ready to argue, but something in Castiel’s eyes must have convinced him not to. He shot a look at Claire, who immediately took his place under Ben’s arm. After Cas’s touch, he felt a bit stronger and only needed slight support. He tried not to weigh her down too much.
"I know. I heard you". Jack lowered his eyes, looking for a second like the kid Sam remembered him to be. "I hear everyone, all the time. But I always pay attention to what you two are saying. But I couldn't come back. I promised myself I wouldn't."
“Yeah, that’s a no”, Dean mumbled, reaching inside the car, and passing an arm under Ben’s, pulling him out. He could stand, just not by himself, so he let his weight fall against Dean. The urge to throw up returned immediately.
The moment was gone after that, although they didn’t let go of each other’s hands. That, Castiel decided, was his last gift to himself. The last bit of happiness he was allowed to have. God, he would miss Dean!
"You don't have to tolerate things to make me happy, Dean". Cass was very serious now. Serious enough for Dean to realize he was not talking about the coffee. "And you don't have to make yourself uncomfortable out of some sense of guilt or indebtedness. I am happy to be human. You made the right call". Cass paused for a long time as if he was choosing his words carefully. "And I didn't surround myself to the Empty expecting anything from in return. I did it for me".
“She was here until a few minutes ago”, Cas told him, and Ben could see a flash of sadness cross his face. “But we…” the angel turned to face Dean, who didn’t meet his eyes. “Well,
"Ok, Bob the Builder. I think you know why I am here". The Empty turned back to Dean as if it had forgotten he was there for a moment.
, a voice ringed in his mind.
“You could say that”, he finally said, after making sure his voice would come out steady enough. “My dad, he was a hunter. He always dropped me a Sam at motels or with friends, not all of which did a very good job”. He suppressed a shiver. Being left at Bobby’s was always good, always safe. But sometimes they were on the other side of the country and the job was urgent, which meant John wouldn’t spend two days driving to Sioux Falls. And many of John’s other friends hadn't been exactly what one might call caring. “So I kind of parented him a bit while we were growing up”, Dean forced himself to lighten up a little. “And I sure remember
“Two days”, he told Claire. “Then, I think I should leave.”
He talked to Eileen about it. She was always helpful and optimistic, but there was just so much she could do. One night, about four months after Cass's death, Sam had Eileen asleep by his side, with her head resting on his chest, and he suddenly decided he would not accept that. He simply wouldn't. Not after eleven years of unsaid feelings Dean would never be able to work through. His brother deserved a happy ending, more than anyone else he knew. But if he couldn't give Dean that, at least he would give him closure.
“Ahn…” Ben cleared his throat before moving his hands towards the wheel, without actually holding it. He seemed to be waiting for Dean’s permission to touch his car. Which, fair enough. “Should I…?
“That’s not true”, Dean told him, voice muffled against Cas’s skin. “That’s not true and you know it. People get close to me, they get hurt, or they get killed.”
“And you make them very, very unhappy” Julietta concluded, looking directly at Cas.  “And your friends’ presence? It feels… wrong. We would be interested in him no matter what the Leviathan…”
Dean walked slowly towards them and for a second Sam was afraid he would smash Jack in the face or something like that. He had been pretty unpredictable over the past months and his expression was undecipherable. Instead, Dean simply stopped in front of him, analyzing the boy for a second, and then he pulled him into a strong hug, which apparently took both Sam and Jack by surprise.
“Well, they are dead, aren’t they?” Cas was not amused by that.
“Traitors”, he mumbled. Both of them smiled at him, Sam with amusement and Cas with pity. “You guys know Claire is planning something with this, right? No way she just wants driving lessons”.
"I believe my intentions were a bit different back then than yours right now" Cass paused for a second as if he was recalling his fight with Dean when he had pinned the human against a wall rather violently. "Well, maybe deep down they were not that different."
“So?” She asked as soon as he let go of her wrist. Ben swallowed hard. Claire was his friend, sure, but they didn’t know each other that well. Definitely not well enough for him to guess how she would react to him accusing the Winchesters and Castiel of something when he wasn’t even sure of what he was accusing them of. She widened her eyes, waiting for the answer “What’s the problem?”
“Well, I do”, he finally answered, probably sounding as tired as he actually felt.
“I’m really glad you’re here, Cas” he finally said. Dean’s voice was sober, but his eyes were expressive. Cas sensed something that resembled relief. “I don’t think I say this enough”.
“But?” He finally asked, and Dean exchanged a quick look with Castiel before answering.
“How did you get it?”, her frown deepened. “And why didn’t you tell Dean about it?”
“Hey!” Dean felt his ears burning and glared murderously at Sam, but not without glancing guiltily at Cas and Ben first. There was no current reason Ben shouldn’t hear about things like that, but still, it felt kind of wrong given the one-year relationship with his
“I’m sure he will”, she agreed. “But what I’m worried about is what exactly is he fixing. Dean and Cas seemed to know what was wrong. I think they were hiding something”.
“Dean and Cas are there, but the door was closed when I passed by it”, he said. He didn’t sound worried, which was probably a good sign. “Why aren’t you there with him?”
trouble”.
“Can’t I have both?”, the kid asked, looking sadly at the bowl in his hands. Dean exchanged a quick look with Cas before nodding. What Sam didn’t know couldn’t hurt him, right?
“I guess our grandfather liked Sam better”. He got a reproaching look from Cas for saying that.
It all happened in the span of a few seconds, but it was enough for the monsters to regroup and attack them again. By this point, there were only seven of them still standing. The rest had either been killed by Benny, burned by Castiel, or fled after experiencing first-hand what it really meant to fight an angel.
“It wouldn’t have bothered him too much”, Cas assured him. “Even as a hunter. The memories were too insignificant. They would give him a very light migraine and quickly fade away. Ben would be able to go through life, even a hunter’s life, without it ever being a problem”.
When he handed Ben his plate, the boy thanked him quietly without meeting Dean’s eyes. He had been awfully quiet that morning, even more than the day before. He was still wearing one of Sam’s smaller shirts (which still looked big on him, but nothing very rolled-up sleeves didn’t solve) over a black t-shirt, which Dean presumed was the one he had arrived in but washed up. Ben seemed slightly gloomy, for some reason, and Dean had a feeling he hadn’t slept well. He would give anything to know what he and Claire had been up to the day before. They clearly had done more than target practice (which Dean knew for sure since he might have stopped by the shooting range to check up on them for a second, but no one needed to know that).
He swallowed hard. He was prepared for
Cas snorted at him. “You make it sound so easy…”
“Ha!” Dean laughed, still with Cas pressed close to him. The warmth of his body was making him feel better, and Dean couldn’t tell if it was because Cas was using his grace on him or if it was simply because it was Cas.  “That’s something I won’t believe until I see it”
I know that Cas hasn't been getting enough prominence in this fic and I hate myself for that. This is mostly because this is a "Dean-and-his-kids" centric fic,  but it is also because I usually struggle to get Cas's POV right. I love him and I want to get his voice spot on before posting a chapter from his perspective, so please bear with me a little longer.
“What do you mean, what now?” Dean growled. “Now we survive dinner, that’s what”.
“That is something we can fix when we are out of here” Dean was definitely not feeling as optimistic as he was letting on, but the three of them, exhausted and covered in blood and dirt, made for such a depressing picture that he had to make an effort to cheer himself up. He used to do that for Sam when their father had been gone for longer than he should, or when Sam was injured or scared after a hunt. He did it for most of the year that preceded the hellhounds and his time in hell. If there was one thing Dean Winchester could do, it was to put on a smile when he didn’t feel like smiling at all. From the looks on his friend's faces, he was not being very convincing, but neither of them pointed that out. Instead, Benny mastered a very pleasant smile of his own and turned to Castiel:
“Dean”, Jack asked, apparently oblivious to whatever tension was going on around him.  “Are you free today?”. Dean raised an interrogative eyebrow at Sam.
Ben’s mouth hanged open for a few seconds before he could organize his thoughts enough to form a sentence. A case.
as an educational model, and even though he knew Ben didn’t remember any of that, he was kind of glad the kid retained any of it.
Even though nothing bad happened while they rested, the three of them remained cautious. After about thirty minutes of rest, Benny rose and told them to keep moving. They were still not being followed, but neither of them felt very comfortable just lying there, waiting for something to get to them. Still, they moved at a slower pace than usual, which was good after almost three months of running practically all the time.
“Whatever she’s planning”, Sam intervened, still chuckling like the giant bastard he was, “you can turn it back on her. Try to find out what’s going on with her and Ben. Not like they’re going to have someplace to run off to once it’s just the four of you in a car in some empty highway”.
“Nah. Thanks buddy, but that’s not your job”.
“How do you know that?”, Cas asked, and now
“He knows” Benny replied, more reassuring this time. “Trust me on that”. Dean didn’t seem convinced in the slightest.
“But you weren’t!” Dean yelled, and Cas forced himself not to take a step back despite the violence of his reaction. “You were dead, Cas,
“I’ll explain everything, ok? I promise." Dean looked him deep in the eyes and Ben had that weird sense of deja vu again. The high-pitched sound came first, then the ache, at the back of his head. He held his breath, trying not to squeeze his eyes. He knew it would get worse. Dean seemed to notice it too. "But you have to trust me first”.
Dean’s lips curled into a half-smile. “Well, that is very good to know”.
The voices and visions became less clear after that. Cas’s voice caught his attention more than once. First, he thought it was because it was coming from the outside, from the light. But it was also coming from the darkness. And it sounded… different.
Dean gave him a dry laugh.
“The new ones do,” Benny stated. He was further up the hill, over the body of another vampire he had decapitated while the two of them were busy with their own monsters. “Makes them feel at home, I guess. But they eventually give up. The ones who have been here longer are usually lone wolfs.”
“We need to talk, Dean”, the angel said, in a commanding tone Ben didn’t think him capable of. “Alone”.
“I didn’t get a good morning kiss today”, he replied, very aware of how bratty that made him sound, but screw it. It had been a strange couple of days. He was entitled. “That makes me needy”.
“He came back each of this time, didn’t he?”
you. And I am sure each and every one of them would choose to have you in their lives, given the opportunity to make that choice again.”
“Why would you want to run away from three kids?”
“With my life”, she finally said, and he knew she meant it. “But also, not at all”.
is holding us back here”, Dean managed to say. Cas had a feeling that each word was a challenge, but he was pushing through it. “But it’s easier. Lighter”
“I don’t know”, he answers, honestly. Dean smiled at him. There were probably worse answers than that.
Cas did the math. He knew enough to know about which crash Dean was talking about. It was the accident that led to John trading his soul for Dean’s life. Dean was not supposed to have survived that crashed. And neither was the car, Cas realized. And somehow, they were both still kicking.
“Then don’t act like one. And believe me when I say that, if I think you and Ben need to know something, you will know it”, he assured her. “I’m just trying to keep you safe. Gonna need you to trust me on that”
“Definitely”, Dean grumbled.
“Silver Mitsubishi Mirage?”, Ben gave him a sad smile. “Hunting isn’t exactly a profitable profession”
“You and I have very different understandings of ‘under control’”, Cas snapped at him. Benny simply shrugged.
Dean was definitely intrigued.
”, Dean grumbled. What did they ask about?
this much”.
“Dean…”
that?”, She suddenly felt so ridiculously angry she could barely control it. Jack didn’t seem bothered by it though. He simply shook his head.
Her office was relatively big but definitely not big enough for three adult men standing in the small space between her desk and the door while the doctor went through her files. Jack and Cas didn't seem bothered by the lack of space, but Dean insisted that Jack should stay a few steps outside the door. One of the pros of having the kid with them was that Dean and Cas looked automatically legit by comparison. Well, Dean looked legit. Cas was just age-appropriate. But he had learned years ago that he should let Dean do the talking, so Jack’s unquestionable youth aside, everything was going smoothly.
“He’s a trainee”. The coroner didn’t seem very convinced by that but also appeared way too tired to argue, so she just sighed and told them to follow her into her office. From what they’d gathered, dr. Silva had been a medical examiner in this town for almost two decades. She was an older woman, probably early or mid-sixties, but her hair was still mostly black, with a few silver lines.
“So, we’re probably going to arrive at the bunker an hour or so before Claire”, Dean said. That meant he would have to deal with Ben without the help of the other young people that could keep him distracted for longer. “Good”.
“I don’t know”, he told her, as honestly as possible.
Dean frowned and rolled his body, lying on his side and looking straight into the angel’s eyes. He was considering him, trying to read him. It was the same thing he did to Sam when he knew something was wrong but wasn’t sure what it was. Of course, Dean knew Sam like the back of his hand. Possibly better. And Cas wasn’t human, he was a foreign language, a lot harder to decipher.
"The Empty is a place for angels," Dean said. "It can't hold humans. But it does like to use its residents' energy, especially now that it is remodeling. All those thousands of dead angels? Like a super battery. But the empty can't drain their grace. Just use it. God made sure of it and so did Jack".
Cas was standing by the oven with a coffee mug in his hands looking absolutely mortified. He was once again in his trench coat, which Dean clearly remembered taking off the night before. Ever since they started sleeping together, Cas had gradually given up his characteristic outfit – at least while they were at the bunker – and replaced it with a collection of his favorite articles from Dean’s wardrobe. It wasn’t unusual to catch him in the library in AC/DC oversized t-shirts or pled.
“Good”, Dean told him, patting him on the shoulder before straightening back in his seat and fixing his seatbelts as tightly as he could. “Then step on the gas like your life depends on it”.
“No” Dean answered, on a dry note, before turning his back on them and marching forward at a rapid pace.  “Are you two grandmas coming or what?” He screamed when he was already a great deal ahead of them.
“Oh yeah? You mean he didn’t stare at the kid as if he had just come back from the dead? Oh wait! That’s actually normal to us”.
“But you didn’t believe them?” Dean's eyebrows draw together suspiciously. Ben shook his head.
Although she looked terrible in that picture, Kaia looked amazing, all smiles and laughter. Her girlfriend had put that picture as a screensaver as a joke, but Claire never changed it.
It was coming from a tent, he realized. A camping tent. There was a young man outside of it, holding onto a flashlight and talking to another person still inside, who Dean couldn’t see. “It was a deer”, he heard the man saying. Such a normal picture it felt almost surreal. Dean’s heart jumped again. Normality felt very, very wrong. “I don’t know, it was like a deer or something”, the boy kept talking to the person inside the tent and clearly didn’t realized that Dean was getting closer. When he turned his flashlight back to the woods Dean was blinded by the white flash and cover his eyes. The man – who was more boy than man – screamed.
an accident. And he knew that he remembered it, but if he focused on the actual event, it was hard to visualize.
he told himself.
“No clue”.
“How close are they?”, he asked. Cas didn’t turn to him. His eyes were locked in the woods, his whole body tensed. He looked a bit like a predator when he was like this.
The few other times John had looked at him like that when he was younger were times like the one he took Dean shooting for his twelfth birthday, and Dean excelled at it. Or when he came back from his first solo hunt, one arm hanging due to a dislocated shoulder, but still successful. At those moments, John would smile at him and tap him proudly on the shoulder, with that extremely atypical “good job, son”. Dean remembered the sense of accomplishment that would take over his body after hearing those words, and how awful he felt every time they didn’t come. Which was pretty much every single other time. John’s approval seemed to be as essential to his survival as air, and it probably was, at some point. But it wasn’t until much later that he realized John only complimented him when Dean succeeded in what John considered “useful” activities. Shotting? That was useful. He was glad his son was good at that. Driving? Extremely useful. Good to have a son with mobility to add to their crusade. Receiving his first (and only) A+ on an English paper? Nah. Baking a decent cake for Sam’s fourth birthday? John didn’t even seem to take notice. Those weren’t exactly praiseworthy accomplishments. Instinctively, Dean realized relatively early in life what constituted a useful skill and what didn’t. He worked as hard as he could on mastering the first kind. Even with all that, John’s compliments were still rare.
_____________________________________________
The hunter was pleased that Cas decided not to argue with him anymore and dropped the serious tone.
“Wait, are you seriously asking me that?”
Benny saw Dean’s head hit the ground before it happened. He saw it as if things were moving in slow motion. The wraith sank its spike deep through Dean’s torso, impaling him and coming out through his back. Benny was fast, but the monster had come onto them in a large group this time. There were at least two dozen of them, among werewolves, vetalas, vampires, and the wraith. The wraith was the only one of its kind, and it had headed straight to Dean. Benny was dealing with two wolves and Castiel was handling the rest of the pack by himself. At some point over the past months, the monsters had begun to learn how to fight an angel. Cas could still manage to fight against all of them, finishing one by one without breaking a sweat, but it took longer now than it did four months before. The problem was that they were both too busy to help Dean with the wraith.
Instead, he kept putting on smiles and talking about what they would do once they were out. And at that moment it was not that bad.
As if he would ever be able to keep that up…
“Dude”, the kid said, for the third time since he laid eyes on the car. “She is
The angel couldn’t resist the urge to smile.
"I was finally able to talk to it", he said, sounding quite proud.
Cas looked at him for a second. That’s when he started thinking about missing the night, and a whole train of thought followed, leading to his worry about Dean’s mental health. He snapped out of it when he realized Dean was calling him from the riverside.
“Ok!” Sam cut in, rising from his chair and walking over to Dean. “I think we could all use some rest”. He turned to the girls: “Have you guys eaten anything yet?”
Oh, and when we got stuck here? The first thing he does is leave me again. So don’t you dare tell me he wouldn’t abandon me!
To his surprise, Dean laughed at that.
Having his name called out snaped Ben back to reality. He felt the heat coming up his cheeks when he realized everyone was looking at him. “Uhn… I don’t want to bother you guys”, he scratched his neck. “I should leave you alone to, you know. Catch up. Before Kaia has to leave”.
to be the same case. There were too many similarities. Unfortunately, he was only sixteen when Asa was actively investigating that case, and the older hunter couldn’t really share a lot with him. He cursed himself for being so goddamn useless at the time.
“Dean!” Cas screamed. His eyes looked desperate, blue and wide and so very human.
Sometimes there was no fighting their way out of an attack, and they eventually had to learn how to run away. Dean hated that. He never liked to run away from a fight, but Cas was getting worried about how much he was enjoying 24/7 combat. He didn’t seem tired or angry, just… undisturbed. For some reason Cas couldn’t possibly begin to understand, Purgatory seemed to bring Dean a sense of balance. He seemed lighter and more at ease there, covered in blood and dirt, than he had ever been while dressed in one of his FBI suits.
He dutifully opened his mouth to Dean, allowing him to deepen the kiss. It was slow, at first, like Dean was savoring him, but his pace quickened right after. Not desperate, like it was during their first weeks together. Back then, Dean kissed him hastily, frenetically, as if he wanted to swallow the angel whole. Now, he still kissed him with the same hunger, but there was no rush. They could enjoy it. And they did.
“If you’re referring to Charlie…”
“I’m sorry”, he said. Dean waited for more, but Cas remained silent. He turned to Benny, looking for answers, but the vampire simply shrugged.
The angel proceeded to list a ridiculously specific catalog of ingredients. Half of them Ben had never heard of and the other half seemed so rare and unobtainable he lost hope of ever reading whatever was written in those pages. And of course, one look at Dean’s undisturbed expression was enough to tell them they had every single one of those items just hanging around in the bunker. Because of course they did.
“Ok, that’s enough!” Dean snapped, pushing Cas away from him – for God knows what reason the angel was still holding his arm after helping him up – and marching towards Benny “You two are like children!” Then he turned around and faced them both: “Actually, you are worse than children. Sam wasn’t this much of a pain in my ass when he was five!”
Bear with me a little longer.
The angel was leaning against one of the bookshelves, with his arms crossed over his body. He was worried too. Especially because he knew there weren’t many options on how to solve the problem, and Dean wouldn’t like any of them. Dean glared at him and kept pacing. Castiel was starting to worry about him making a hole on the floor.
“Can you tell what’s wrong with him?” Dean asked, sounding a bit more desperate now. Castiel nodded and closed the space between himself and Ben, stretching two of his fingers to touch the boy's forehead. The sound intensified, but this time it wasn’t coming from inside Ben’s head, but from the place the angel’s fingers touched his skin (if that was even possible). It also didn’t hurt him, but instead felt warm. Ben welcomed it.
Cass opened his mouth to answer, but then a rift (probably the one Dean had used to get there) opened in front of them. They were still on the ground, Dean n his knees holding Cass and the (former) angel practically fallen on his lap. He searched for the Empty but they were alone in there.
He blinked again and the picture changed.
"Sorry" Dean apologized, but Cass was laughing. "You know, you did this to me too, you know? And I am being a hell of a lot nicer than you were back then".
(See the end of the chapter for
“He’s not…”, Sam raised an eyebrow, challenging him to finish that sentence. Dean snorted and reached for his own glass. “Whatever. What I want to know is why the hell is that kid hunting ghosts?”
“Anyway, you never said what you missed, Cas”, he pointed out. “Bees? Please don’t say bees”.
“The other option”, Cas started again, “is to give him the memories back”.
Benny and Cas exchanged a quick glance. They probably thought Dean wouldn’t see it, but he did. It was a concerned look. He felt guilty about worrying them. They had enough on their plates without having to concern themselves with babysitting him while he acted like a little boy who was afraid of the dark.
To his surprise, Dean looked slightly flustered by that, which was a beautiful sight.
“Ben’s going to be fine”, Cas promised her. Claire nodded again, but he wasn’t really sure she believed him.
–––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––
“So she was a member of your nest?” Benny shrugged. His hadn’t been exactly a typical nest. More pirate gang than anything else.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Don’t worry, angel. I’ll be back before you can start to miss me”
After finishing his investigation of the dashboard, leather seats, and gearbox, Ben emerged from the window and walked to the front of the car. He glanced at Dean, asking for permission, and after a quick nod from the hunter, opened the car hood to look at the engine. His expression was beautiful: eyes wide, mouth slightly open in admiration. He was in awe of the car, just like he had been the first time he saw it at eight years old, and again at eleven, every Sunday Dean took her out of the garage for a ride. Some things, apparently never change. Except for the fact that now Ben seemed thoroughly familiar with a car engine, comfortable with what he was looking at.
“Ok, ok, Doctor Freud. Thank you”, Dean took a very angry bite at his candy, cursing under his breath with a full mouth. “Jerk”
“I find that hard to believe”. Actually, Benny didn’t find it
(See the end of the chapter for
he cried, running his eyes from Jack to Cas. “Please,
As Dean pulled out of the garage, Jack started fiddling with the tapes in the glove compartment. Dean watched from the corner of his eye and was filled with horror when the kid took out (
“Ok…”, he took a deep breath. Claire was his only ally and fighting her wouldn’t help him in the slightest. “Even if he agreed not to tell Dean, what makes you think he isn’t in on whatever they’re hiding? You heard what he said yesterday!”
