He missed Cas so much it was driving him up the wall. He was back being short, snappy, his tolerance almost non-existent and everyone was getting the brunt of it. Even the guards weren’t immune to it. Dean called one of them a douchebag. It earned him a whack at the back of Dean’s leg. He wished it hurt as much as Cas ignoring him. It didn’t.  He was written up for it losing some of his wages but not enough for the Empty though at this stage he’d take the Empty over having to sit in a cell with Cas for hours on end during the day and night and not a word passing between them.
“Not when you say it.” Cas replied, shaking his head. That was a small relief for Dean. He wasn’t too keen on calling Cas that even if it was standard protocol for being a prag. Didn’t stop him from wondering what Cas meant by that.
“Eto prosto stalo interesno.” the Russian spoke eyes now moving to Sam knowing that Cas was going to take Dean on now that he challenged him in front of everyone.
“Was an inconsiderate asshole.” Cas finishes for him. Cas is still looking at the pie, not him. He spent most of the time feeling uneasy around the blue eye stare and now he misses them.
A big jaw cracking yawn came out of Dean. He did need to sleep, sleep for a year if he could have the option. Cas took his hand back and Dean pulled his head back up to the rest of his body. The blood made its way back to the rest of his body as he drifted off to sleep, enjoying the sensation of Cas’ wet lips drying on his palm. Day 1 as a prag, a solid 7/10.
He looked down at Charlie who was bubbling with the excitement of snow. She was old enough to enjoy it now, spend the day in it, snowball fights and snowmen and snow angels and anything else snow related they could think of. Spending the day in school would be a waste. An idea came to mind.
He hands Ash and Benny cold beers. They clink bottles and continue chatting. Dean stays with him for a bit. Jo, in his eyes his little cousin, in her eyes something more. He doesn’t have the heart to tell her he’s not interested. She’d clam up and punch him in the arm or something for even assuming she likes him in that way and never speak to him again which he doesn’t want. He’s waiting for the day someone else comes into her life and sweeps her off her feet like she deserves. Till that day, he plays it safe, pretends to be oblivious to her advances.
The siren went, bodies dropped to the floor and he didn’t stop. He didn’t stop hitting till his arms were being pulled back, till he physically couldn’t beat on Gordon anymore. Dean shouted, cried out in rage as he was being pulled away by the guards, feet dragged along the ground and he fought against them. It took five men to take him down and carry him away.
Dean woke up to an empty bed. An empty bed that wasn’t his own. In the three years of being Cas’ friend they’d never shared a bed. He wanted to say he was cool as a cucumber about it, but truth was, he was kinda freaking out. Bed sharing was intimate. Bed sharing after what they did last night even more intimate. The lines of his friendship with Cas forever blurring since the creation of str8laced_unlaced.
When Cas pushed inside Dean inhaled sharply from the pressure, like the wind being knocked out of him, trying to grasp at something that wasn’t coming. He held on tight to the bed frame. Cas noticed it, pulled out, put more lube on his cock and went in again.
Cas was standing behind the laptop, arms crossed, still fully clothed because he wasn’t exactly in this, then again, he wasn’t in the other one and he somehow stripped down to his boxers for that. Dean tried not to think about what that was about. He had to refocus his attention to this moment.
“Don’t touch me,” Dean patted Cas’ hand away, “You said you’d fucking wait for me but you’re pushing me and pushing me and just…” he turned on his heel, not being able to be I the same space as Cas right now. Too scared of what he might do if his temper got the best of him, “Just fuck you man.”
“I want it hard,” he admitted. Warmth rose up from under his collar. His interested cock was more than interested now. “To the point that I can’t even see straight, that I can’t even remember how to walk after it. I want to feel it in my ass for days, have them mark my skin and leave me speechless,” he could see it now, see Cas doing all of those things. “I wanna be fucked five ways from Sunday, you know?”
Gabriel brought them up dinner. It was all rather civil, friendly even and when Dean left around 8pm Cas couldn't help notice how empty his room felt.
“Don’t you dare you – no, no!” Dean watched Cas smash the ball above his head, the soft snow almost floated down over his face.
If Charlie had been excited before about snow, she was downright hysterical about the idea of spending it with her best friend and not having to go to pre-school either. Dean was also pretty excited about the idea and a tad nervous. Hopefully they’d get a minute to themselves to talk about what had happened, till then it was Dad mode in the snow.
“Yes, I understand,” his voice lost its grit. He took his book back and lay back down. Dean took that as their conversation was over. He hopped back onto the top bunk, trying to get his breath back. He survived that, not too bad.
He forgot how many times he’d edged him. Time seemed to slip away while Dean lay on his bed, fucking into his hand and crying out when Cas wouldn’t give him what he wanted. It had Cas transfixed on him. He felt an enormous amount of pride for Dean being able to hold out for this long, for him to let Cas do it over and over without serious complaint. He complained alright but as part of their play. Dean swore at Cas, calling him every name under the sun for not giving him what he wanted. If anything, it spurred Cas on, knowing Dean would behave even with his sinful mouth cursing like a sailor.
“Double spiced rum and orange, double vodka cranberry, glass of your finest red and a bottle of unspecified beer when you’re ready good sir.” He lists them off in the correct order. Brownie points.
When he opened the door, they ran into his Dad on the landing. Dean straightened up his shoulders on instinct. John cast a knowing look between the two boys before turning to walk down the stairs.
“If it makes you feel any better, I’m good Dean,” he gave his brother an unconvinced face. Sam put his hand on his chest. “I am. I mean sure things could have been better, the riot was touch and go for a few days, but things are more settled now, more than they have been in weeks. I mean we’re still stuck in here and it still sucks but it’s better than it was.”
Completely on board with this, Cas took his phone off, turning his camera to video. He nearly dropped it twice then hit the red button, positioning the camera between them for their impromptu porno.
“Don’t sound too shocked.” Dean walked back to grab Charlie’s bag pack off the table. He handed it to his brother and crossed his arms slightly in a defence stance.
“Fine,” Cas pouted and stopped teasing, unbuckled Dean’s jeans, top button and zip to get to what he wanted. He wasn’t expecting to watch Cas get off the couch and drop to his knees in front of Dean.
Sadly, it would be over eventually, once Dean fucked him. Thoughts for later. He reached inside Dean’s boxers, taking out his half hard cock, let it grow in his hand then started to jack him off with a steady pace. Dean’s choked back groans made his smile grow.
Gordon looked unconvinced or else he didn’t care. Dean was alone, very alone and this was a golden opportunity for him to unleash whatever he wanted onto Dean. Christmas had come early for the guy. He was going to do his worse on Dean, drag it out, make it painful, drain Dean of his blood till the last drop.
Dean grabbed Cas’ top, pulled him into his space and crushed his mouth against Cas’, hoping the frantic display would set the tone for what he wanted. When Cas pressed back with as much force Dean knew he had made the right choice and Cas was totally on board with some chaos. He licked his way inside, needing to taste Cas, spearmint and whiskey landed on his taste buds and a feverish heat permeated his very being because kissing Cas was
Half there with Cas, half off in a memory. His fingers can still feel the plastic covering over the record sleeves, there’s a small hand tugging on his old leather jacket asking why his Dad was so angry all the time, why did his Dad hit Dean, why didn’t Dean fight back, Dean, Dean, Dean. He promises ice cream to be quiet for ten minutes, just ten minutes of quiet then they’ll get ice cream. He can still feel the dried blood on his lip.
.” She added, dragging the word out. Dean nodded hearing her and she took the red top from Claire’s hands to put it on once she took off her khaki coat. She left it on the chair far away, so she wasn’t a complete demon and didn’t just leave it on the floor, which she had done before. Content his daughter was going to be alright he followed Cas in through the kitchen arch on the right.
“Took your…” he was about to say then he sees its Cas. A very unimpressed Cas wearing a loose white t-shirt and soft black sweats. Cas is in his pajamas and Dean can’t help to take the opportunity to look at Cas’s exposed collarbone now he is in something other than a button-down shirt on. He has faintest tan line from his neck to his chest. Dean did wonder if Cas was naturally sallow or just from the sun. His body is lean, leaner than Dean had expected for someone who’s job involved a suit and tie. Buzzed Dean has no inhibitions. He notices his mouth is open, possibly salivating over the thought of sucking a bruise into that collarbone. He closes it sharpish.
It was a whole other side from the Cas he experienced in the lift anyway. Which by the way, what the hell was that about and what can Dean do for it happen again? He hadn’t gotten an erection that fast since high school. There he was, almost 30 years old crumbling under the intensity that was Cas in that tiny lift. If he wasn’t holding onto that rail he would have buckled, you could bet your life on it.  Cas’ sure movements, the way he pressed harder into his neck like he fucking
“Gabriel,” Yeah, Dean didn’t need to hear that name ever again. He downs the rest of his drink and pours another. “You asked.” Cas is responding to his sudden attitude change.
Dean groaned, falling back helpless and completely on board with where this was going. He buried his hands in his hair letting out short gaspy breathes. His friend once again ruining him with that control. Cas took his hand away and Dean wanted to protest but then he licking his palm and it was one of the hottest things Dean had seen in a long time. When Cas returned to his cock, he returned with painful enthusiasm pumping Dean faster and faster, bringing him to the edge of his orgasm. Dean’s chest heaved, hips writhing but going nowhere because Cas was strong, so fucking strong and fuck it was so hot, so hot and he was so close and…
“So, whaddya say?” His friend turned his head to look at him, confused. Dean pointed at the screen defiantly. “Audio Cas, a video with me being all loud and dirty and…anyway you know what I mean. Let’s give the people what they want! More views, more money,” He nudged his friend with his elbow. “You in or what?”
They never let it get pitch dark in here for safety reasons. There were orange and red lights out on the balcony that cast an ominous hue into the cells. It made the thunder more atmospheric, like they were in some old horror movie. Probably made it more frightening for Cas. Lightning struck, lighting up the block in a quick flash. Cas startled.
He could fix this. He could untense Dean, make him feel better, make them both feel better. A week without Dean and Cas was fit to implode, he ran himself into the ground on more than one occasion trying to chase that calmness in his mind that Dean gave him. He needed to fix them.
He moved his hands to put them somewhere useful, somewhere he wanted to put them for months. In the black mess of Cas’ hair. Cas looked up at him, eyes heavy, chapped lips parted and waiting for Dean’s answer.
“I have two, I personally don’t think it equates to be being renowned. My publicist added that in without my consent.” he plates up the pasta. Dean puts the book away, leaving it on the counter top within arm’s reach and grabs two beers from the fridge as if this is his place. Castiel finds it endearing.
“It’s tomorrow, short notice I know but…” Cas looked through Dean, trailing off in what looked like an unpleasant memory.
.” Cas said noticing he’d made space. Dean nodded. They stayed there while the Russians got their commissary from Crowley, no inmates number were called out. They didn’t even need to pay for it. Dean remembered being near the top of the queue when Uriel was running the gang, he had to pay. He noticed they didn’t get anything to treat Cas’ hand.
“Oh yeah,” Dean leaned up to kiss the underside of Cas’ jaw, then scooted himself out of car. Before he got out, he looked over his shoulder, “I’m not starting my final year without knowing what you feel like inside of me.”
Part of him was envious that the others got to see the full capacities of Cas, the one who apparently cracked jokes or at least made some comments that rendered the others keeling over in laughter. Lost in his own thoughts he hadn’t registered the man who occupied them was making his way towards Dean, hands shoved into the pockets of their identical blue winter coat and sporting his hat on this cold morning. He hopped up on the edge of the truck beside Dean.
“No problem sweetheart,” He manages to reply with a wink because tips are a thing and turns to line up four shot glasses for the baby Guinness’. Ash hears the order and hands him a baby spoon to pour the Irish cream on top to give it the Guinness looking affect.
“I said we can open it later.” Cas tried to reason with her. It wasn’t working. The icy blue death stare she liked to give Dean was up full whack and directed at her Dad.
He spotted Cas down on his hunches, talking to Claire who was showing him the present that Charlie had chosen for her then her smile dropped in the space of a split second, the foot stomped and she looked like she was about to blow.
His legs gave away again, he fell in a heap onto the floor below, grasping at his chest, trying to get air into his lungs. The sound of his heartbeat took over any other sound around him, pounding in his ears, consuming him as he attempted to breathe. He couldn’t. It was like in the storeroom only ten times worse. His vision started to blur, getting fuzzy around the edges. His mind pulling him back to Gordon. To the laundry room, to the shower room with Alastair.
He answered squeezing his thigh. The only thing he could use to communicate with. He hoped it conveyed how bad he wanted it. Cas’ knees start to buckle, thrusts slowing down yet moans getting louder. He was close, Dean could feel his cock pulse in his mouth. He hollowed his cheeks, creating a suction for Cas and that had him spilling in Dean’s mouth. It shocked him, the sudden burst of Cas’ cum, taste and texture coating the inside of his mouth. He swallowed what he could, feeling some of it drip down his chin and onto his neck. He fucking loved it.
They stopped and stood near the reflecting pool, the rising moon and first evening stars shimmering in the water.
He thought about calling Cas, but then needed to believe that Cas would call him when he was able, just like he said he would. The timer on the oven dinged and he took out his dinner, letting it cool for a bit. He switched through the TV channels again finding one that was showing The Thin Man. He settled on that, sitting down on the couch and digging half-heartedly into the chicken pot pie.
“I wasn’t….for a long while Cas.” Dean said, staring again at the lonely candle on the table. He wet his lips anxiously, turning to him, “Cas..I’m sorry. For everything.”
“I’ll be good to you. Give me a chance. I’ll be really good to you. I want to be good to you.” * quote from Chapter 2 of Twist and Shout
Balthazar smiled when he saw what Cas had done. They ate dinner. Took a walk holding hands, and then went to bed early. Balthazar lavished Cas with kisses and Cas for his part tried….he really tried. Balthazar was definitely disappointed when Cas couldn’t get hard despite all of his efforts.
“Yes...feels good to think about you doing it.” Dean breathed deeply, his eyes closed, trying to conjure the vision and feeling of laying his head on Cas’s lap - just resting and finding comfort in holding each other like they once could. Suddenly he felt his breath about to hitch but swallowed it, not wanting Cas to hear.
“It's not even seven!”  the angry voice continued. Dean turned on the barstool to look. Instead of leaving, the tallest of the three men swaggered over towards them.
Cas wouldn’t pry it open, but he couldn’t help feeling sad that there were things Dean would never help him understand. A sorrow pulled at him from within, but Dean had made his apologies weeks ago and if that was all Dean could give it would be enough for Cas.
Dean had always described it as love at first sight, which is funny because Dean grew up well aware that fairy tales were bullshit. Dean was fearless then. Assertive in his attention to Cas doesn’t begin to describe it. Dean took one look at Cas that night and felt absolutely
Dean thought about Garth’s family, just two streets away from Fred and Mildred, and now Benny. It of course made him think of Cas...because lately, everything made him think of Cas.
Since his father died, he’d been dipping into some of the money he’d gotten from his parents' estate. There was nothing directly from his father. He’d essentially given Cas tuition for pre-med to expel him from the house with a clear conscience and had written him off.
Except that Cas could swear that Dean took a few turns recklessly, if only to force him to grip him tighter.
He’d been going through motions...existing. It was as if his life before had been the first act of a vivid and exciting play. Sometimes wonderful. Sometimes terrible, often dramatic,  always memorable. Balthazar was the intermission...the pause before the second act. Castiel felt now like he was about to be shoved back on stage. He was anxious for it in fact. The only question he couldn’t answer was whether this act would play out to be a comedy or tragedy. It twisted knots in his stomach.
“Balthazar ….” Cas shut his eyes tight, trying to keep his composure. Taking a breath, he bit back his anger. “I’m trying…I’m
It went off far too early he thought, as if he had only closed his eyes for a long blink. The beeping caused Dean to moan but only stir slightly. Cas felt his head again. It was still too warm to the touch, but Cas was satisfied that the fever had abated somewhat. Better to let Dean continue to sleep than to force him awake to take more medicine. He left Dean to rest while he readied himself for work.
Every time they met under some pretense of “closure” or showing an old “friend” the sights, or showing off Baby, Dean knew he was only lying to himself. He barely kept his real hopes in check. Now, Dean finally held Cas’s hand in his, and it was like feeling the sun shine on his face for the first time after a dark cold winter. Dean knew in his heart he didn’t deserve it, but he swore to himself he’d do anything to keep this feeling.
When he met Dean back in the spring of 1973 Rufus saw a young man, who like so many other Vets returning from war had been thrown back into a society he wasn’t equipped anymore to navigate. Hypervigilance, essential to a troop on patrol in the trenches of the Marne or the jungles of Vietnam, was incompatible with civilian life. Once that switch was flipped in the crucible of war, it was sometimes hard to reverse without help.
know that?” At Dean’s blank stare he asked, “Flags? You’re telling me you’ve never heard of that? How do you think people let others know what they’re interested in.”
“Yes Tommy,” he laughed “Just a second.” Cas knelt to re-tie little Jenny’s shoe for her when the sound of a motorcycle came roaring up the street toward them.
Their waitress came by again, smiling at them kindly. “Can I get either of you any more food, or dessert?”
But that night Dean came home with two bags of groceries and Sam’s eyes lit up like it was Christmas. There was milk and cereal and apples, and fresh bread and baloney, and Dean made them hamburgers for dinner with a side of potato chips and it was the first time in days they had eaten anything other than stale saltine crackers.
The color drained from Cas’s face. “You’re just telling me this now?” Cas said. It was less of an accusation, more of a statement.
love you Dean,” Cas gasped as Dean swirled his tongue again over the sensitive nub. "...thought you would..
Something was pulling at Dean. Maybe it was the voice, or the numbing warmth of the liquor, or the way the room rocked and swayed beneath him now. He was drifting.
Seeing Dean on stage at the cafe, and how easily he smiled and joked with Benny seemed to confirm that narrative.
Cas closed his eyes and exhaled. He had just finished updating his goddamn mailing address and contact information too.
He took a drag from his cigarette, wondering when it was he finally knew. Wondering when the moment was that he’d just started to play the game with himself. In truth, he knew it was long before Dean had ever made that call. Cas had been lost to him for a while. Balthazar was sure Cas loved him, but not in the way he needed him to. They were both just pretending. Staving off the inevitable.
“Got that position I applied for in the school so the money should be better now. Still running our circle once a week though.”
Over the years, working for the State of California had made Rufus a little more than jaded, a little more than crotchety. It wasn’t the people themselves, the ones who needed his help. It was the damn bureaucracy. That same bureaucracy left the social work division underfunded and overmandated, and clients (Rufus refused to call them patients) were often cut loose without support before they were really ready.
Cas had clung to friendship and then something more intimate with Balthazar ever since that fall, when Dean disappeared, and though physical intimacy had progressed, emotional intimacy never followed. Love had always been a one-way street. Cas loved that Balthazar cared about him, loved that he had kept him from sitting in that devastatingly lonely apartment, but Cas didn’t love Balthazar. It was so damn obvious that it was never going to happen. He’d tried and failed and failed and failed and failed. All the sense of duty, fairness, and obligation in the world wouldn’t change that.
The door to Cas’s bedroom was cracked open. Dean hadn’t intended to eavesdrop, but heard Cas clearly talking about him and couldn’t help it.
Dean heaved a sigh as he hung up the phone. Cas was still working when Sam had reached him. Dean thought about calling the restaurant but that might be overstepping, especially after Sam had already called. Besides, he didn't want to get Cas in trouble. He returned to the cardiology ward, taking a seat again. He grabbed a magazine but laid it on the seat next to him unopened. Now that there was some positive news about Fred his mind was bombarded with thoughts and worries about Castiel.
Cas stiffened a bit with nerves when Dean sat back down again, much closer this time, shoulders touching. So close, Cas could lean into Dean and rest his head on Dean’s shoulder if he wanted to...and he wanted to. But they weren’t alone in the park. In the distance the party was in full swing. Kids running about on the playground crying out “Not it!” as they chased each other. Adults breaking off to sit by themselves, their banter growing progressively louder as some cracked a beer or two.
“I’m just...I’m the luckiest guy in this whole place.” Dean shyly dropped his eyes to their still joined hands.
Dean began, fingering a simple melody and started in with the first verse, eyes still closed as if to shut out everything else in the room.
Cas heard the opening notes of Blue Hawaii. Charlie had set the records in place on the changing arm. Of
Dean at first answered that things were good, then told Cas the latest about Jess and Sam. Jess had decided she wanted to put off getting married for now to go back to school to finish her bachelor's degree. Sam didn’t understand why she couldn’t do both but ultimately was just finally glad he knew what had been bothering her.
When Fred visited again that afternoon they talked about cars and motorcycles and racing. Fred’s nephew Garth had a garage that serviced all kinds of cars and bikes. Dean eventually asked him about how it had been for him. How was it that he knew what Dean was about to do. Turned out one of Fred’s first jobs out of school was as a ranger for the park service. It wasn’t uncommon to get called in to search for a missing person, only to find that they had gone to the park to end their own life. Something about wanting to be surrounded by something peaceful and beautiful before you died. Dean not bothering to take the change for the fare was the final red flag for Fred.
Balthazar, hungry, looked in the cabinets for inspiration.“Hungry for takeout?” he asked, finding none.
Cas had only been home from the warehouse for about ten minutes the next day when Hannah, his landlady knocked on the door. It felt weird to refer to Hannah as a “landlady.” It sounded so old, and Hannah was young, about his own age.
He didn’t feel comfortable talking about the few conversations he’d had with Jessica and in truth they consisted of just two phone calls and the lunch date they’d had on his way to his new place with Rachel. Jessica had first called him the week after their reunion at the Cafe Luna. She’d tearfully told Cas how sorry she was about the way she’d let go of his friendship after Dean left.
“Well good on her if it was! Girl’s got more brains in her big toe than the two a you idjits put together. I’ve never seen you this afraid Dean. Stop dancing around it and call the boy!”
The ringing stopped. Dean rinsed the combination shampoo and conditioner from his hair and moved on, lathering the soap to take care of the rest of his body - willing the heat to melt away the aching and soreness from his muscles and joints as he went. He was just about finished but in no mood to hurry when the phone started ringing again.
Dean” he breathed, closing his eyes. After a moment Cas got up, poured himself some water, and popped some aspirin.
Dean kept the number in his wallet for a week. The frantic urgency to find Cas had shifted into paralysis once it seemed he might actually have the right number and address.
It wasn’t lost on Sam that Dean had called their mother “Mary.” It was a sure sign that his guard was up over her again. Cas noticed too but they all silently agreed to let the comment go.
It was too late in the year for a trip to the botanical gardens (Cas had said he wanted a garden so at first Dean thought why not visit one?), too far from the nearest planetarium (Cas always liked looking at the stars but the lights of Sacramento drowned out all but the brightest from view), and there weren’t a lot of public places outside of San Francisco where a couple like themselves could have a romantic dinner without drawing the attention of others. Dean could give a fuck about what others thought about him, but he wanted Cas to feel safe and didn’t want him to feel like he was under a microscope. He finally settled on something WAY outside of his comfort zone, so far outside that he was almost regretting it as he pulled Baby into the parking lot.
was different. It wasn’t enough to chase the things that once thrilled him. They didn’t feel the same. He missed Sammy and Bobby, and even though it scared him, and even though he felt ties to the people he had found in Valens, as more time passed Dean started thinking that maybe he was ready to go back home.
Cas had certainly seen Dean bruised before. There was the time Dean hustled pool and his mark didn’t take it well. Once Dean got into a fight defending Cas’s honor after some college jock shoved him, calling him a “cocksucker.” Dean came away bruised then too, but the other guy had gotten the worst of it.
Rufus nodded to the nurse who had come into the room to open the blinds and check vitals. Her wary eyes never left Dean’s face as she undid each strap freeing him to move his arms finally and get off the bed. She jumped back a little as he made to rise. Pausing he looked at Rufus, “Bathroom?”
“I’m supposed to tell you that these are from Nick,” she said nodding towards the bar on the lower level where Cas could see the guy from the bathroom raising a glass to them with a wink before turning back to the bar.”
The fight or flight reflex was almost immediate, threatening to tie Cas's tongue once again in knots. He fought it.
“Dammit!” Dean banged his head on the chassis as he rolled out to change the station. Grabbing a clean rag to blot the blood from his brow. Dean decided to pack it in for the night.
“My shift starts at four,” he said as Charlie pulled him in for a hug, kissing his cheek before heading for the door.
Sam brought Dean takeout a number of times to make sure he was still eating, stopping again Friday night to share a pizza. Before the war Dean never confided in Sam about his relationship with Cas. It was the unspoken thing they all acknowledged, but Dean didn’t do “feelings” and even though he knew Sammy was cool with his spectrum of interest it was just always easier to talk if it was a woman he was with.
The dodgy look in the man’s eyes and the way he quickly started walking away told Dean he did, despite declaring “No man, sorry.”
Cas reached his hand around Dean’s back to rest on his opposite hip as they sat close, side by side. They leaned into each other.
Still...things were left unsaid. Every unspoken truth and sentiment, a fresh cut as it echoed in his mind. As painful as it was, as deficient as Cas was certain the words would be, he put pen to paper.
Cas moaned something unintelligible to which Dean chuckled and took as a yes. Pulling himself up with his arms he kneeled between Cas’s legs. Wetting his fingers with spit he circled Cas’s still wet hole slowly, feeling the soft tight ridges of muscle there, feeling Cas arch against him before giving him relief by pressing his finger inside, slipping in deep, finding that perfect spot to stroke, making Cas tense and twist beneath his hands. Dean lowered his mouth again to Cas’s cock, pulling him in deep as he slid another finger inside, scissoring them to open Cas wider.
Cas heaved a sigh, then obeyed, straddling Dean from behind and gripping his waist. This was a really bad idea, Cas knew, even as he enjoyed the feel of Dean against his hips, the foresty scent of his aftershave, and his misguided attempt at chivalry.
sounded like a perfect Saturday afternoon when he and Cas were planning it. But since walking up the lawn, Dean’s ‘perfect’ had shifted. Right now
Dean met Garth Wednesday evening at the entrance to Angels of Mercy Hospital. Given his last experience at a hospital Dean was grateful for the company. At least the visitor’s entrance was shielded from the wailing of the ambulances and rush of gurneys that were a regular occurrence on the other side of the complex. Dean and Garth entered a lobby that was sedate and calming by design. To the left of the information desk a father and little girl exited the gift shop entrance with a balloon that read “BIG SISTER” and a stuffed bear in a blue diaper and headed for the elevator to the maternity ward. Garth led Dean to the desk where he'd checked in so that Dean could obtain his own visitor's pass.
Dean warmed to that idea, feeling absolutely awful and absolutely cared for all at the same time. Coming here when he happened to get sick was a mixed blessing he guessed. Still he hoped he hadn’t infected Cas, and still, he hadn’t spoken to Cas about what he’d really come here for.
He liked just about any old spooky movie, but the Sherlock Holmes tale of the ghostly hellhound that haunted the Grimpen Mire was one of his favorites. Cas wondered if Dean knew it was on.
Despite how unfair it was that Cas lost a job he both liked and needed, he somehow ended the week feeling like he ended up on the positive side of the scales.  He had gained back something he swore he'd never let Michael take from him again.
He jumped as a car horn sounded unexpectedly across the street - hunched his shoulders involuntarily at the sound of a child yelling outside.
“The poison was spellwork,” Cas breathed, wincing as Dean touched a sensitive part of the wound. “Breaking the runes stopped the poison, but the lance still sliced into my vessel.”
“Be right back,” Cas said, letting go finally and heading up the stairs to their table. They had paid for their orders as they went, but Cas dropped some cash down for a tip before joining Dean back at the bottom of the stairs and heading for the exit. They left the club and headed in the direction of the car.
Dean shifted to a sitting position and tried to stretch, his body aching as much from lying down for the past day as from the fever. Cas disappeared down the hall and brought back a fresh sheet and pillowcase, switching out the others that Dean had sweated through during the night.
Much to Cas’s relief Dean looked at him like he’d lost his mind. “Babe, no!” Dean chuckled, but then his brows snapped together, ‘Wait,” he gaped. “Are you?”
He unzipped the pack pulling out a large blanket, spreading it across the grass in view of the waterfall. Cas stopped, open-mouthed as he watched him pull out several tupperware containers, and cloth napkins, placing them in the middle of the blanket. Dean finally looked up at him.
Dean hated what came next. Hated himself for what he knew he was about to do. He just needed a moment, here - away from Cas’s sad and pleading eyes, to work himself up to it. Cas didn’t know...hadn’t a clue how rotted out he was inside. It would be for the best.
Cas jerked his arm away. “I know!” he fumed, then more gently, recovering himself, “I know you didn’t, Dean.”  Cas looked at Dean, his eyes imploring him, “I know you were hurting too..
Charlie grabbed Cas by the arm pulling him inside the kitchen. She flicked a quick look at Stevie who nodded and brought cups of coffee out to the living room. Charlie took Cas’s other arm framing him, trying to make him focus on her.
“F12 then,” she smiled, winking at him as she turned to wait on some new arrivals at a nearby table.
Sam turned the discussion to the economy and asked Balthazar about the state of the Common Market in Europe,
Cas looked wide-eyed for a moment, then pressed his lips together and nodded. “Okay...you’re right...I am kind of a dreamy beefcake since you mention it,” Cas deadpanned.
seemed preferable to him than an outright rejection, so by not calling, Cas could never be certain, but it meant he could also keep hope alive. Cas knew it was ultimately a losing game.
Dean spoke. It all came out of him. He hadn’t planned what to say and found himself rambling through different threads at first about life before, during, and after the war. Raising Sammy, never wanting a serious relationship, but then finding Cas, loving him and then coming home alive, only to lose him to the war anyway. His story ended with Fred finding him. Dean fought through the urge to close himself off a few times. He stared at the floor the whole time, his eyes cast somewhere near the center of the circle, not willing to meet anyone’s eyes, concentrating on keeping his voice steady and the tears that otherwise might flow in check.
“Ms. MacLeod is the best teacher too!” Tommy beamed excitedly. “She even knows how to do magic tricks!”
“Look….I fucked up yesterday. I can’t talk about it right now Sammy because if I do…” Dean’s voice caught, “well just trust me I can’t.”
“Hello. Cassie’s told me so much about all of you.” Balthazar’s eyes moved charmingly from Jess to Sam, resting a moment longer on Dean in what might have been a thinly veiled challenge. Dean, who was almost
She seemed to accept that, moving along to the next table as Dean took a quarter from the change and dropped it in the jukebox, punching in F12.
get me? To where you can leave the war and have a life again, not carry it with you every day. The army put you on a plane back to the states but only you can decide if you’re gonna come home. You’re still in the war Dean.”
Dean grabbed one of the acoustic guitars and tuned it, sitting down in a chair with a mic angled for him by Jess, who stood at a separate standing mic.  She whispered something to him. He took a deep breath, closed his eyes and then nodded. The room quieted a little in anticipation.
Cas glanced at the clock. He was exhausted from the past 30 or so hours. “Yeah,” he said, “You need rest too.”
“Uh…” Dean pulled the gift slowly from behind his back, presenting it to Cas, “I saw this in the drugstore and thought of you...and you know..the bee thing,” Dean shrugged, turning red and looking like he might just squirm away.
“That sounds wonderful,” Cas said. He was in danger of choking up, so quickly took up the knife and concentrated on the task at hand. He suddenly had his brother and his sister back and they
There were more people than they expected, but Dean was able to stake out a spot near the back that gave them cover in the shadows, glaring threateningly at anyone who dared approach the seats nearby, until the lights dimmed further and the coming attractions started.
“I don’t give a shit about the mirror!” Cas stood to block him holding his hand out, palm up. “Let me see your hand!”
what this was about - what Sam was afraid of - that Dean was spiraling downward again and would disappear like before.
“Rachel told me what that asshole did,” Gabriel told Cas by way of a greeting as he opened the door. “I just want you to know that I’m done with his shit Castiel….what Dad did, and what Michael’s doing….it isn’t right.”
Dean wanted more than anything to go for lunch with Cas...and anyone else who wanted to tag along. He looked back towards the garage, a knot suddenly twisting in his stomach. Bobby had a backlog of work and he had already been more than accommodating to Dean’s personal life. The owner of the Scamp was already pissed they were a day behind schedule.
“No?” Bobby shook his head, “Whatever you say chief.” He ran his hand over his face letting out an exhausted sigh. He let the silence settle a moment on Dean before asking,“You wanna go have a beer or somethin?”
“This is a far cry from San Francisco.” Dean mused glancing around at the quiet suburban neighborhood.
“Dean! It’s fireworks,” Cas cried out, scrambling his legs out from under Dean, who was pulling at his own hair now. Sitting up to grab at his arms, pulling him to him. Dean looked at Cas, searching his face wide-eyed and terrified, but Cas could tell he wasn’t really seeing him.
. Still, it was something. Even though he hadn’t shared, he found it easier to meet the eyes of some of the others in the ward with a nod of respect.
Something about yesterday didn’t add up and Dean couldn’t help but feel in his gut that their mother was hiding something from them. If that something had almost gotten Cas killed…...Well, he could….would, deal with that on another day. For now, it was enough to just be home, safe with Sam and Cas.
If Dean hadn’t been so upset and afraid he might have laughed. What better life? Dean and Sam had been fed and held and happy with Darlene. John wasn’t capable of being happy. Dean tried….but no matter how hard he tried he couldn’t make his father happy. No matter how hard he tried he couldn’t make his father love him.
The drive back to the bunker was passed in relative silence. Dean was on autopilot, lost somewhere inside himself, oblivious to the fact that the radio had turned to static.
You always used to tell me how proud you were of me and I never understood it because no one had ever been proud of me before you, except my mother, and she died when I was still young. Seeing you again, broke open all the old pain, but I guess I needed that because I realized I had just been hiding all of this time. I didn’t belong where I was. I was just stuck. For years I was doing everything I could to just numb the pain of losing you, but it meant I wasn’t able to feel anything for anyone else either.
Rachel had majored in horticulture with a focus in landscape design in college, even traveling all over the world to study different cultural values, meanings, and aesthetics connected to design. Landing a huge project like this was a dream come true. Cas had seen some of Rachel's designs. She had true talent.
Cas pressed his lips together. He couldn’t disagree, still that didn’t mean they should just accept it, but the last thing he felt like doing now was getting into an argument with Dean.
Sam called Jess to pick him up while Dean got dressed and, in spite of his head feeling like it had been cleaved in two, grabbed cleaning supplies.
Suddenly Dean felt like he had been physically punched. He turned back to the table, his jaw tightening, he ran his hand along his temple where a fatigue headache was threatening, conscious of how quiet the table had gotten.
Dean didn’t know the first thing about whores or about his mother for that matter. John Winchester never allowed Dean or Sam to ask about her. He only knew his mother had held him and kissed him and made him feel safe and loved….the same way Darlene had.
Dean let out a sharp breath, thinking of the shy boy with the glasses and the beautiful blue eyes who somehow, beyond reason, had put his trust in Dean, only to have Dean shatter it.
Cas bit his lip turning away, his body shaking with silent laughter. Cas sighed loudly, finally composing himself, eyes tearing with mirth as he gave Dean a sympathetic smile, shaking his head slightly, “No Dean…”
Dean got the door open and he and Cas helped Sam stand long enough to walk him over and deposit him on Dean’s couch.
Dean paused, his eyes flicking back and forth as if finding pieces of memories somewhere in the space around him.
Balthazar lay down fully clothed on the bed and stared at the ceiling. He lit a cigarette. Cas hated when he smoked in bed but at least that was one argument he didn’t have to worry about having tonight. He’d booked a 5 AM flight out of Heathrow, with a one-hour layover at Midway in Chicago. Once at Midway, he hit the bank of payphones trying to reach Cas at their apartment again but still there was no answer. He’d spent most of the flight cursing himself, cursing his temper, cursing Dean. Dean had been right, how could he have just left him over something so stupid? When Balthazar finally got to their apartment he was at first frantic to see no sign of Cas and was about to go out looking when Mrs. Riley from the first-floor apartment complained to him about his friend's motorcycle waking her up at 4:30 in the morning. A few more questions confirmed that Cas had been here this morning but had left. He sat on the steps of the brownstone. It was just a short while after that Dean pulled up with Cas on the back of his bike. They’d obviously been having a great time judging by the smile in Cas’s eyes, until Balthazar made eye contact. Then everything fell apart.
Cas laid the photo back in the box and closed it, hesitating before placing it back on the shelf in the back of the closet.
The details of their decoupling worked out, Cas let out a heavy sigh. He thought about his sister. He wondered about his future, what it might be like to be finally untethered by guilt.
“He just said you’d left and he was worried about you.” Sam continued, “Jess and I tried calling and then came here but when we couldn’t find you we drove around. We were about to come back here when she spotted your car in Crowley’s lot. Dean, why was he worried about you?”
Cas’s eyes widened, as he realized he had done just that. He looked around as if Dean could be hiding, watching somewhere in his apartment, even as he knew that was a ridiculous thought.
“Cassie,” Balthazar said, gripping his shoulders and running his hands along Cas’s arms. “Come on, let's just get inside and watch some tv or something.”
Thanks to those of you who newly subscribed! And also to those of you checking this out for the first time. I appreciate it! This WIP has a transitioning title as I changed it from Half a World Away to its current (and final title) Where All My Journey's End - I'll adjust it to just the current title after a few more chapters.
….he’d never be clean. What was he thinking coming here again? It had been selfish - so fucking selfish...so very fucking
Maybe it was because he remembered now how Dean had always seen him, but suddenly Cas hardly recognized himself.
Cas glanced at Dean from the side. His eyes were on the road ahead. His face shone with enthusiasm as he rattled off Baby’s specs. As he watched Dean, Cas willed himself back to the time before the war, pretending just for a moment that nothing had changed. In that moment, they were still together, Dean still loved him, and this was just another ordinary day out... A false happiness washed over him...one he knew he couldn’t hold on to because he had stolen it. It belonged to a different time.
The man shrugged, tilting his head with a pleasant smile and putting his hand up in a peacemaking gesture. “Don’t worry, I won’t bother you anymore, and meant no offense. Just a pair of hotties like you two, can’t blame a guy for trying.” He dried his hands leaning closer and lowering his voice conspiratorially as another man entered. “Name’s Nick, Nick Monroe, if you change your mind I’ll be at the bar,'' he winked.”
"Tck tck tck," Gabriel clucked his tongue, "I could’ve told you Cassie if you want to keep a man you should have surprised him in some sexy lingerie.” Gabriel made a frame of his hands looking through them at Cas as if lining up a  photoshoot. “I'm thinking a nice pale pink would really set off your features. I could take you shopping."
“I’m sorry that the other night ended so shitty," was all Dean could seem to manage, but at least it was true, at least it was real.
Dean glanced away at the corner of the blanket he’d just lain down. “We can go back if you don't want-”
Still, despite the odd nightly activities Darlene was kind and caring. She made them breakfasts of french toast or eggs. She hugged them and even kissed Dean on the top of his head before going out for groceries. Sometimes she let them tag along when she ran errands in town, taking Sammy’s hand. Dean thought he was too big to hold hands with an adult but he grabbed Sammy’s other hand so that he too could be connected, and little Sam would take turns looking up at them both, and he glowed, and Dean’s heart was full near to bursting with the sight of it.
‘I'm managing for now, thanks. Hey Rachel can I call you tomorrow? I have to do a few things and it will give me time to think.’
“Cas looks good,” Sam said. “Like he looks like maybe he’s doing okay. He doesn’t seem like he’s angry at you like you were afraid of.”
Dean nodded, and fuck if Fred wasn’t going to make him cry after all. His eyes misted but a soft smile broke over his face. Dean struggled to keep his voice steady, “I..ah,...I’d like you to meet him.”
“You shouldn’t have come.” Cas’s eyes were cast now to some spot on the lawn to Dean’s right as he shook his head. He looked back to search Dean’s face.
“I’m glad they did.” Cas flashed a gummy smile, the corners of his eyes crinkling. “And for the record, it would be a shame if you never do it again. I wish I could play like that.”
“Oh him? Yeah, I’ve been watching you two out there. There’s room for both of you if you want to have a more personal party.”
….trust isn’t always a feeling you just have. Sometimes it’s a choice you make. Dean, I’m choosing to trust in us.”
They could hear the beat of the music as soon as they stepped out into the night air. Dean locked the car and walked shoulder to shoulder with Cas as they got on the line to get in. The line wasn’t much to speak of, just a hold up long enough for Dean to pay a cover charge and they were in.
Dean looked up. “That depends, are we gonna talk about Cas all night ‘cause if so then no, but if not….yeah...yeah I’d really like to go have a beer with you Bobby.” Dean’s eyes drifted back to the floor.
Seeing Dean again, leaving Balthazar, finding Rachel and now moving back closer where he grew up, it had all happened so fast. He was a grown man who should be able to handle this crap, or so he chided himself. Still, the past few weeks had him feeling like he was caught in a whirlwind. He swallowed the lump in his throat.
“What the hell Sammy.” Dean said as he poured himself a shot of whiskey, downed it, and refilled his glass. “We almost lost Cas. I’m still not sure we haven’t.”
Dean occasionally pulled his head away to take another drink of Cas’s eyes and smile at him in return.
“Oh!” Cas said it, but the surprised “o” shape stayed fixed on his lips for a moment more as he absorbed the fact that what started as teasing had turned into an opening for a whole realm of possible play. The reality went straight to his dick and he felt it hardening slightly in his jeans. “Oh fuck..” he muttered under his breath looking away and then back as Dean chuckled, grabbing an onion ring and popping it into his mouth.
When Cas came home shortly after, Balthazar didn’t know how to tell him. Cas seemed content. He smiled at Balthazar when he greeted him at the door and kissed him. Balthazar had kept a plate of dinner for him and as Cas ate Balthazar convinced himself the news could wait until morning.
Before Cas could wonder too much about it, a taxi rolled up and Cas held his hand up waving the driver over.
“Yeah...and another time I guess,” Dean thought, figuring whether the diner or brief visit to his job might be worth counting in his favor.
Dean's shoulders fell. He shook his head. “My fault,” he choked out finally, coughing to clear his throat. Turning away towards the path that led them in.
He’d lay Cas down in that green grass if he could, neighbors be damned! He imagined pulling up the hem of that -
“Good night Dean. Get some sleep sweetheart.” Getting up, she leaned in and kissed him on the top of his head, then headed for the door.
“Jesus Dean!” Cas interrupted, closing his eyes and shaking his head as if to force away a memory. “You really have no idea what it was like for me!”
The next thing he knew he was waking up in the hospital. Balthazar was in the chair next to his bed. He had called an ambulance when he came back into the room and found Cas unconscious. Once awake and lucid, Cas cried. He promised he would stop. Balthazar told him he loved him.
“Your hand,” Dean said simply. “And how long I’ve wanted to hold it again....I meant it that night at Cafe Luna when I sang to you."
she wouldn’t know to avoid that one. There was no reason for her to know. It was his favorite when they'd been friends in high school. He set down the dustpan he'd been using and went into the living room area to change the record. Lifting the needle he paused, dropping it instead into the well-worn groove of the 5th track.
Tears ran silently down Cas’s cheeks. He didn’t bother to hold them in check as he took the photo in his hand to look one last time. There was no one to pretend to now, anyway.
"Infamous?" Cas chuckled. "Gruntwork. You know, hauling boxes to and from loading docks. Sometimes I operate the forklift. You know, that kind of stuff."
He looked up ahead and saw Hannah’s front lawn across the street in the distance. Dean was out front helping her distribute candy bars to the mob that had just arrived. Even from this distance he could see Dean praising one admiringly over his Batman costume. Dean would make such a good dad.
“I got you brother,” Benny gave a lopsided smile, holding out his hands, infuriating Dean, “I’m right here!”
each other. The story is about our choices and the commitment we apply to them to fulfill our desires. My father was a professor of classical literature at Howard University. Don’t try to argue with me on this one.”
Dean’s eyes focused on the ground, shaking his head slightly….”I don’t know,” he said softly. “I fucked everything up Benny….I don’t know.”
Thankfully the song was followed by the much more upbeat act of two young men playing djembe. The beat helped lift up the room again. Each performer was greeted by warm or rowdy applause from the room but Dean didn’t seem to respond.
They made their way back into the club rejoining the others. They were deep in conversation about South Africa. Cas, telling Jess about Balthazar’s work organizing an anti-Apartheid campaign locally to lobby Congress to take action. Jessica asked about Nelson Mandela and rumours of “suicides'' of ANC activists in prison being staged by the government. Balthazar confirmed without a doubt that was true. Cas suggested that with all the efforts to focus on South Africa, Americans were just ignoring the lingering racism here.
Dean looked around at the room, sparsely furnished, compared to the apartment Cas shared with Balthazar in San Francisco. This had none of the trendy or modern decor.
He looked around the circle for the first time to see mostly smiles on their faces. All except Uri and Lucius. Uri, clearly uncomfortable, was looking everywhere but at Dean and finally got up to grab a cup of coffee from the table in the back. Lucius just kept his eyes to the floor by his feet an unreadable smirk on his lips. Well, fuck Uri, and double fuck Lucius. He was a dick anyway. Dean felt like a demon had been exorcised, a weight pressing down on him lifted. It was so good to talk about Cas. To just say his name out loud.
“I’ll walk, thanks,” he said flatly and Dean awkwardly followed, pushing his bike the four-block route to Cas’s apartment, not even sure if that's what he should be doing, or if Cas was simply done for the night and done with him too.
“Oh?” Dean slid closer to Cas until they were side by side in the booth. “Did you go dancing a lot when you lived in San Francisco?” Dean didn’t want to think about Cas dancing with Balthazar, but at the same time he wanted to know what Cas would have to compare the night to.
“See ya Cas.” Dean winked, earning a quick raise of the eyebrows as Cas’s eyes widened at him briefly, his lips parting slightly.
Dean panted, his eyes closing as his hands reached to grip Cas’s body, pulling him impossibly close, their chests pressed against each other, their arms holding on as if afraid they might otherwise be ripped apart - their denim-clad thighs slotting together, legs tangling as they rode out the aftermath of their orgasms.
, and landed himself in restraints again. Rufus stopped the orderly short of shooting him with a sedative and removed the restraints.
Cas’s eyes went round at Dean’s use of the title, but Dean only winked at him in response, clearly enjoying the startled look on Cas’s face.
He exhaled, shoulders collapsing - the draw of his breath visible in the rise and fall of his chest. He swallowed, looking back at Dean with doleful eyes. Cas slowly nodded, reaching a hand down to pull Dean up.
“I don't know Rachel, I just know I can't tolerate even being around him anymore after everything he did. So he can't be a part of it."
Castiel smelled the scent of coffee brewing. He didn’t need the beverage, but he enjoyed the morning ritual. Cas rose and went to the kitchen.
Replicas of classical columns rose before them, obscured from view in places by trees, vines, and white flowers that shone in the rising moonlight, as if the ruins of some great civilization...Atlantis, or Rome.
Dean looked back to Cas, testing the movement of his jaw, settling the frozen pack back into place before answering.
more than the front he put up for the rest of the world to see. So he’d brought Cas to a forest, laid out a meal he’d prepared, and was now...well, was now feeling quite shy actually.
A short young woman with a buzz cut, leather jacket and jeans came next and recited some poems. The words “Fuck” featured heavily in one of them and Dean seemed to approve...because
Personal note - "Sol Invictus" is kind of a mantra that has helped me and some others I know through difficult times. Occasionally I've found it useful to create a henna figure of a sun on my wrist when I've needed extra reminding to fight through something. I've thought about making one permanent. It kind of struck me how in the show Dean and Sam's anti- possession tattoos are similar to the blazing sun symbol and while this Dean isn't getting a tattoo (at least I haven't decided to give him one  - maybe) I thought the sentiment was one he might need.
“Mother fucker!” Red baseball cap yelled. “I’ll fix that pretty mouth of yours!” Still holding Dean fast, he grabbed the jagged bottleneck from the bar and was about to use it when a hand gripped his arm from behind twisting it, causing the man to drop the makeshift weapon and lose his grip on Dean. The man spun around just in time for his nose to collide with the rock-hard fist of Sam Winchester. The man cried out stumbling backwards and bringing his hands to his face.
Fred fixed him with his stare, like what he was about to say was of the utmost importance. Like Dean was of the utmost importance. “Thank you for coming, Dean and for taking care of Mildred. I know you have your own family that loves you, but I hope you know you’re a son to us.”
“He said to pass on the message. He heard you were ill. He wanted to make sure you are okay. I told him you were working. He said to tell you he called. He understands if you don’t want to talk to him.”
While the trailers played, Cas nuzzled in against Dean’s neck, breathing in the soft hint of cologne on his skin - the same he had worn on their date. His lips kissed gently along the bolt of Dean’s jaw. Dean’s breath quickened as he moved his hand to rake through the tangle of Cas’s hair and turned to lay a kiss on his forehead.
Cas’s hand went to the spot where he felt the painful throb, sure enough, there was blood on his fingers as he pulled them away.
Bright light seared through a small gap in the blinds. Castiel scrambled to cover his eyes and groaned himself awake. Eyelids opening slowly behind his cupped hand, Cas allowed his eyes to adjust to the violent brightness before slowly letting his fingers draw away.
In treatment, Dean had been a tough nut to crack for a few reasons. He was stubborn, prideful and bisexual. The first two reasons made it hard for Dean to admit any weakness or accept any help. The third made it hard for him to trust anyone with his story - to trust anyone with his trauma over his broken relationship with Castiel.
After Cas’s call, Dean put in nearly double the hours at the garage to keep from ruminating. After his shift he would stay into the night to do the restoration work. Bobby sometimes stayed with him to keep him company, ordering pizza for them both as Dean worked on “Baby,” as he had taken to calling her.
Dean swallowed, coming up with a lie, “My brother Sam...he uh..he’s having trouble with his fiance...I just remember some saying...about love being patient.” Well it wasn’t exactly a lie, but still.
“I know. I know you have Dean,” he said calmly after a moment. “But if you hadn’t noticed most of the great warriors in all those stories can’t do it alone.”
Cas didn’t know...but the answer came to him that it was at least one more time. Cas was fully present, and fully certain when he nodded to Dean this time.
“Dean, all I’m saying is why don’t you try meeting someone else. Cas has moved on, it looks like he’s doing great so you don’t have to keep punishing yourself.”
Cas grabbed his jacket and car keys, shut off the light on his way out, and closed the door on thoughts of Dean.
“Look brother, I’m here for you. Understand? You’re not going into this one alone. I see you drowning, I’m sending the lifeboat. Understand? I won’t let you go under.”
Dean was in the shop in Sacramento working under a ‘67 Impala that had seen better days. Bobby bought it at auction but for a car that wasn’t that old it needed just about everything done to it. It had been left out in the blistering cold winters of Detroit and basically abused to the point where its engine had blown from lack of fluid maintenance and rust was eating away at the doors. Dents in the hood and trunk and tears in the upholstery made it seem like someone had been out to punish the poor thing. Dean, always one to want to fix what was broken, fell in love as soon as she was hauled into the yard.
For years, Cas hadn’t known what happened to Dean. It was torture. Even as he tried to move on, part of him held out hope that he'd wake up one day, open the door and see Dean standing there. Dean would explain, he might even ask forgiveness but it wouldn’t even matter. None of it would matter because Cas would throw his arms around him and it would all be okay again - because if there was only one universal truth in all creation it was that Castiel Novak loved Dean Winchester.
Stevie grabbed the coffee carafe to bring back into the living room teasing, “Don’t worry honey, you only told me, Charlie, Alfie, those twins who tried to buy you a drink, the bartenders, let’s see, who else.”
She talked tough and like someone who knew her shit and Dean liked that, but he wasn’t sure he could buy it, and even if he did he wasn't sure he could ‘change the tape.'
“I’m buying her from you Bobby,” he told him one day. You just gotta give me some time to get up the cash.
On day ten Dean reluctantly attended a group session. “Whatever gets me out of here sooner,” he scowled.
The grey-haired man placed an order for a dirty martini and a rib-eye, medium rare with baked potato. Michael recovered, barely, and placed his order for a Tom Collins and veal steak with caramelized onions.
Cas threw the bloodied napkins in the trash then crouched down near Dean’s knee so he could look directly into his eyes. Dean was just staring blankly at the ice in his hands, his fingers dripping. Cas knelt, closing his own hands over Dean’s forcing him to press harder into the ice. Dean was still breathing unnaturally, stuttered, like sobs with no tears or cries to accompany them - his arms and shoulders shaking.
Cas laughed then, “One day I look out the front window and Mrs. Green, that's his wife, is running and waving her hands in the air around her head. Some bees flew into her hair and she had so much hair spray in there they couldn’t get out.” Dean was smiling now as Cas’s face was lit up with amusement. “So next thing he’s puffing on his cigar and blowing smoke into her hair. Smoke does something to them, calms them or stuns them or something.”
“Yeah...okay.” Sam hesitated, “Dean, promise me you’ll stay away from Crowley’s. I don’t trust that guy.”
"Dean! That's not Balthazar's fault," Cas cut in. He hadn't raised his voice but he was firm. "He's asked me to stop and I've screwed up." The image of Dean on his knees protecting himself from him was seared in his mind. He didn't ever want to lose control like that again. "But I am...I'm going to stop." He didn't know how yet, but he'd find a different way to cope.
Treading across the dunes Dean saw a mother with two small children playing as she packed up their things for the day. He took the bottle and pills, dropping his pack just below the grasses in the dunes where he could watch the sun set. He stood quietly, downing half a bottle of Jack Daniels in one draw. The warmth of the liquor hit him immediately, spreading through his core. He sat down next to the pack, empty now of everything that could identify him, nothing of the person he once was. Dean wanted to slip away, unnoticed. Sam could just go on believing he had started a life somewhere else. It seemed a kindness at the time.
“Well that’s what you get for being an Angel’s fan.” Dean scolded teasingly. “I’m telling you Oakland’s finally gonna do it this year!”
Cas couldn’t let himself think about that. For now, he was thankful for Hanna, for Rachel...for Charlie, even Gabriel for that matter. He didn’t feel obligated to any of them. They were just his friends and family, giving themselves without expecting something from him in return. It made him all the more happy to give back. He didn’t think he could get through this without them. He didn’t know how he was going to get through this
Dean let out an exhausted sigh, more like a sob, his hands trembling slightly.  Cas pulled him in, wrapping his arms around him. “Shhhh...it’s okay.” He let go, grabbing the other cup, still filled with ice water and handing it to Dean. “Drink this.”
Dean smiled and reached his hand around Castiel’s back, gently stroking at the back of his neck, fingers flirting with the lush sweaty locks that curled there.
“Well, I’m voting for Carter anyway. He believes people shouldn’t be able to discriminate against people like us. Think about it, we wouldn’t have to hide anymore.” Cas looked at him defiantly.
"I can't wait to light it up." Cas broke in looking up and smiling at him suddenly, interrupting whatever thoughts had stolen the joy from Dean's face. "It'll be nice to celebrate something again this year... Thank you."
bleeding but it's just a scratch. You’re not hallucinating again, see?” Cas tilted his head so Dean could see where the scrape made him bleed. “You’re safe Dean. We’re both safe. It’s okay. We’re okay.”
“You fucking queer!” The tall man shoved Dean hard into the bar, his face twisting in anger. Dean reached behind his back, grabbed the whiskey glass and smashed it into the side of the tall man’s head, causing him to stumble backward. The man with the baseball cap to his right went to throw a punch but Dean grabbed his arm, some of his combat training taking over as he used the man’s own momentum against him to throw him towards the floor.
Cas inhaled sharply and let out a breath as if clearing himself. He pressed his lips together, nodding acknowledgment at Dean, before turning and pushing on back towards the house.
Cas cocked his head, frowning as Balthazar grabbed a bottle of vodka from the cabinet, pouring himself a shot.
Dean got worse before he got better. The cold air from the long ride home, still with fever on him, led to a cough and congestion settling in his chest. All told it was Friday night before the last trace of fever finally broke.
Cas led him by the hand and Dean followed, pulled along through the crowd, pausing occasionally until people shifted and the way opened, never letting go of Cas’s hand.
Whatever Cas expected, it clearly wasn’t that. Balthazar detected the subtle stillness in Cas and then just as quickly as it came it passed. Cas’s face was unreadable.
The timing of this chapter is based on an American Thanksgiving which comes on the last Thursday in November. It occurs to me that if any of you are in Canada you are enjoying Thanksgiving this week!
Cas’s mind drifted back to the time he spent with Balthazar. It felt now like he had been spinning his wheels. It wasn’t fair to Balthazar to think of him that way. He had been good to Cas, but Cas’s heart and mind had never really been there with Balthazar, not fully.
Thank you to those of you who have responded positively. I appreciate the feedback. I never wrote a fic before Feb of 2021 so I appreciate those of you who are still with me!
“Yeah...Balthazar.” With a name like that Dean thought he could actually have been Cas’s brother. I mean who names their child Castiel? But Dean knew all of Cas’s siblings' names. Or so he thought anyway.
“Nothing, in particular,” Dean confirmed. “Apparently too much stress can bring them on. The doctors want him to take a few days off though,” Dean told him.
Sam followed, settling down quietly on the other end of the couch with his own coffee, giving Dean space.
been lonely, desperately so, in the apartment he shared with Dean after he left. He had been lonely in the apartment he shared with Balthazar, even with Balthazar right there, next to him, talking with him and sharing a meal. But when he woke up today in his own place he’d felt great. That is until Charlie started picking at old wounds. He pushed it from his mind. There was no room in him today for “lonely.” Something else was filling him instead. Maybe it was pride or purpose or something. Maybe it was a rare feeling of contentment. He couldn’t say for sure but it was ….nice. It was good.
“The Weeping Maidens,” Cas said. “This whole place was made for an art exhibit. When it was over they kept the structures here.”
“Let’s get out of here,” Cas said softly standing and guiding Dean up again with one hand on his bicep, another on the small of Dean’s back. Dean stood and followed Cas back to the car, looking back and forth between the driver’s and passenger’s side.
“Thank God for that then.” Rufus said finally, shaking his head, “I was afraid you were gonna tell me you were some punk-ass Nazi.”
The putrid smell of sulfur hit them in a wave as a series of pops and loud bangs exploded around them, one so loud it felt like it slammed into him, shaking the ground at their feet. Cas jumped and looked to see Dean, eyes wide. He grabbed Cas by the arms, throwing both of them off the bench to the ground. Cas grunted as his head slammed into something hard. He tried to sit up but the bangs and pops were still tearing through the air around them and Dean was partially on top of him crying,
Dean lowered his eyes to the ground before nodding. “Yeah...I know that Cas,” he said gently. “Cas-”
what it felt like to wake with Cas in his arms, those unruly swirls - sweat-dampened and soft against Dean's cheek as Cas nestled against him - how Dean would shift his head so slightly to lay a kiss there and whisper
“Dean, let me call Rachel and cancel," Cas said into the silence. "I can be there in a little over an hour.”
”But I’m glad this happened anyway” Dean added. “Thank you. Although you were a bit of an asshole throwing me up on stage like that.”
Dean nodded bringing Cas’s hand up to his lips to leave a quick kiss on his knuckles, before resting their joined hands back on the table, Dean’s thumb brushing over those same knuckles.
Cas’s eyes glinted, a smile crinkling their corners, still he couldn’t avoid the blush that rose to his cheeks. He cleared his throat to break the awkward silence Dean’s flirtation had left in its wake. Dean seemed oblivious though, drinking down the remnant broth from the mug.
Dean for his part was doing everything he could now to keep it together. He fought the tightness in his throat to get the words out.
A sudden memory of Dean’s fist smashing into the mirror at Cas’s apartment flashed in his mind. His throat was tight. His head ached with the effort of holding it back.
Cas stepped away and Dean’s attention was caught up in the swirling colors of animation on the television screen briefly before he drifted into a fitful sleep. Cas changed into pajamas and settled into a chair near the couch, propping his feet on the coffee table to stretch out, determined to watch over him.
“So you are firing me.” Cas’s eyes blazed with disgust “You literally commended my performance last week but some man comes up to you, not to complain about my service, but to hurl a nasty insinuation about me and you are firing me." Cas became more animated, raising his voice.
.. but no sound came out. The war and time had stolen Cas’s voice from him again...and all Dean could hear was the sick popping sound of gunfire…
Dean’s mind started racing so fast he couldn’t keep up. A million thoughts and emotions swirled around him at once like papers dropped on a windy day, escaping just out of reach before he could focus. Dean fought to push down his panic long enough to snatch at one.
It felt odd to Dean, talking so casually with a stranger about Cas. He and Cas were used to having to downplay or outright hide everything except from Sam, Jess, and Bobby, and of course the small group of people he’d met in the course of his treatment. But then again Hanna knew about Cas, and she’d stuck up for him. She clearly knew what Dean’s deal was. Dean figured,
"Yeah..." Cas forced the words swallowing past the tightness in his throat. Despite this recent blowout, Cas knew the problem wasn't Balthazar. "Yeah, he's good to me."
The men exchanged blank stares. The arrangement was a beautiful blend of autumnal colored flowers, with red roses interspersed throughout. It must have cost a fortune. Rachel took the card out of its miniature envelope to read it. Her eyes crinkled as she handed it to Cas.
His mind flew back to the moment he first spoke those words. The day after lightning split the sky as Dean’s eyes locked with Cas’s at the party.
“Now this is what all the young hip boys are listening to these days right? She started to move her hips to the playful faux reggae beat, causing Dean to laugh out loud, grabbing her by the waist and hand and pulling her close, swaying as if Zeppelin was made for a slow dance.
Cas thought about it. Cas had often imagined picking up the phone one day and hearing Dean’s voice. Had imagined opening to a knock on the door and there would be Dean. Cas would think these things and feel the tightening in his chest...the familiar longing. Then he would shake himself out of it and try to think on something else until the feeling subsided. What he felt at this moment however was nothing he ever expected or imagined.  It was all so unreal. Cas didn’t know what he should think.
“Dean…..will you sit with me here?” Cas motioned to the sitting area near the tv, moving again only after Dean took a few steps in that direction, finally sitting on the edge of a chair next to the couch.
“Give me back what’s mine...or I take it off your lifeless bodies.” Ramiel had said, counting the seconds down.
Cas looked back, into eyes that were green and verdant, amplified through water - droplets of rain on a bed of ferns. He gently swiped away a tear that had fallen on Dean's cheek with his thumb - his blue eyes dark with longing, brow furrowed and lips parted in wonder - as if Dean was a gift he'd been given that he didn't understand. Dean's heart bloomed under Cas's gaze. No one had ever made Dean feel like a
Dean wanted to lay Cas down on a blanket in the moonlight, under the ruins of an ancient temple and both worship and defile him. Bathe him in kisses, run his hands through his hair and over every inch of his body, feel Cas's skin against him - slick with sweat and arousal and fuck into him, hard and desperate, over and over, until Cas couldn’t remember any of his hurts...until he couldn’t remember his own name.
“It’s fine...I heard you were in the hospital.” Dean decided not to tell him he saw him rolled in. “Are you okay?”
Cas heard Dean arrive before he could see him. The rumble of Baby’s engine sounded a warning a full block away. Cas had tried to make himself relax and read something, but his attention kept drifting to the window in anticipation. He jumped up again to look upon hearing the growl of the Impala, unfamiliar on his street.
“Heh…….I think I really screwed it up this time.” Rufus could hear Dean’s voice breaking over the words. “I think it might be too late.”
“Yes, Thanks Dean!” Balthazar said with a cheer that belied the glare he tossed casually between Cas and Dean. “I see you were able to find our wayward little angel after all.”
Cas looked around. Seeing Meg still on the floor he pulled her up and sat her down in the chair, crouching to examine her at eye level.
“Look,” Sam told him, “you said you just wanted to make sure he’s all right. One way or another, after tonight you’ll know. Then maybe you can put it behind you.”
Dean gave Cas an adorably sheepish, pleading look, and Cas nodded assent. They ordered one to share, and two beers.
Dean shivered again and bit down to keep his teeth from chattering. He felt like a fool, practically quaking with fear, hoping he hadn’t yet run out of chances with Cas.
“Well let’s see Cas…” Dean voiced it cruelly on purpose now. It would make it easier if Cas just hated him. “I’m around you a handful of times since the summer and two of those times I completely lose it. What would you say is happening here? What’s the common denominator?”
Dean stared up at the colonnade of Weeping Maidens, frozen in place - cast by their maker forever in sorrow, doomed to hide their faces in grief until time and the elements at last brought them low. Dean looked up now to one of them, bathed in the moonlight, her head in her hands, face hidden in mourning and once again Dean thought he understood her desolation.
Cas looked swiftly out his window, feeling a heat rise in his own cheeks to rival and likely surpass Dean's, but apparently Dean wasn't finished.
He suddenly realized he couldn’t remember the last time he made breakfast for himself on a weekend. Somehow going through the effort of cooking breakfast for ‘one’ didn’t seem worth it. Something about the hollow clanging of pans and utensils just made his heart ache. He realized that made no sense since he still made himself sandwiches for lunch and cooked himself dinners, but he had no stomach anymore for eggs or toast or anything served up in the severe stillness of a voiceless weekend morning.
Dean’s body ached, perhaps from the chill in the air that was deepening as the dark set in. He blinked as the street lamps popped on and his eyes searched again for Cas and the children, spotting them down a block across the street a few houses from home.
I realize I've been posting a lot more quickly than I anticipated. I figured I'd post this chapter today because I have about 19 chapters written so far (most that I need to review and clean up) and I was really happy that I finished writing a scene I had been putting off for a while because it wasn't coming to me. Would it be weird if I said Dean and Cas actually wrote it? Because that's what it felt like when the words and dialogue finally came.
that this shit happened to other guys too. But it was another thing altogether for him to have to vomit up all the sordid details of his failings. Dean liked to pretend he didn't care, but a niggling voice inside him told him if he did ever "open up," that would be the end of this
They rounded the house to the back deck and took two chairs near each other. They stared at one another for an awkward moment in the glow of the back porch light before Cas broke the silence. “I don’t know what you want from me Dean.” Cas’s eyes were sad, “I know you’re not a cruel person….Don’t you know what this back and forth is doing to me?”
By the time he returned to the living room Kali had arrived and Gabriel was introducing them. She smiled warmly as he shook her hand.
“There’s a movie coming out this weekend about a boxer, or there’s a horror movie, Carrie or something, that came out last week.”
Every few days Dean put some coins in a phone and dialed Sam. Sam had long since stopped arguing for Dean to come home. The first few weeks each call had ended in the same tired way. “Come home Dean, We can get you help. Please tell me where you are Dean. Cas loves you Dean. I love you.” Dean had settled that by cutting Sam off. For a stretch of about six weeks, Dean didn’t call at all, not to be cruel, just to avoid the constant fighting.
“Indulge me Brother,” Benny smiled glancing first at Dean and then to the others. “Back in the time of the Romans of course everyone was dependent on the land, much more so than today. Tied to the seasons. A short growing season or a long one was the difference between starvation and survival. You with me so far?”
For whatever reason, Cas wasn’t answering. Dean’s mind was ready to supply endless possibilities as to why. Maybe something had happened and he’d hurt himself.
Cas wondered if it was possible to hear a blush, as color rose unexpectedly through his cheeks. “Dean, they’re beautiful. Thank you. You didn’t have to-”
Dean wanted to respond, but his throat constricted, his mind couldn’t find the right words. Finally he choked out, “I wish I could believe that...but Cas-”
Cas stepped away for a moment then looked back at Dean thoughtfully. His next words to Dean nearly swept Dean’s legs out from under him.
people want." She leaned her head against his shoulder, looking out across the room as she spoke, affection and support without the glaring scrutiny.
A box, filled with letters written to Dean during the war, left unsent. Photographs from another time, when Dean belonged wholly to Cas - a time when they belonged to
Cas bit down a retort. He wanted to argue but he didn’t have it in him. Gabriel had been served divorce papers a few months prior and the break would be final before Christmas. It was natural, Cas supposed, for him to feel jaded.
Dean suddenly remembered what he’d meant to give to Cas was still down in a small leather bag strapped to his motorcycle in the garage. It would be stupid to leave it now, but stupid to keep it as well. He crept down the stairs and as quietly as possible, lifted the door into the garage to go in and grabbed it from the bag on his motorcycle, hoping the whole time there’d be no “Neighborhood Watch” on this street to wonder about him and hassle him this time of night.
I realize it's derogatory and dehumanizing to call someone a 'junkie.' The term was widely used and accepted in the 1970's and into the 80's so it's what likely would have come readily to Dean's mind.
Books were easy, they could channel his thoughts to something outside of his own pathetic existence and let him focus on something bigger. If the narrative turned too dark he could pick up another.
Dean clearly wasn’t the only one to notice and he felt a jolt of possessiveness as some guy with David Cassidy hair and a trimmed mustache, wearing bell-bottom jeans, a vest and a long collared shirt was eyeing Cas up and down and moving in a little too close for Dean’s comfort.
“Cas...you awake?” Dean whispered, not wanting to disturb him if he was resting. When Cas didn’t respond Dean watched carefully until the rise and fall of Cas's chest assured him that the angel was just sleeping.
"Not in a while. I got back into it a little back when I was in Oregon, but only a few times. I did pretty well considering how long it's been," he shrugged.
“Me too….” Cas said, “It’ quiet, and calm, well except for the kids downstairs sometimes,” Cas smiled.  “But they’re good kids. Aren’t you tired from driving?”
If not for their last encounter, Cas would be smiling, ebullient, overjoyed at the surprise. As it was his heart started racing but he couldn’t put a pin in his emotions. Longing, frustration, and to his own surprise
“Both of you, stop!” Cas shouted. “You’re acting like idiots, and don’t talk about me like I’m not right here.”
Cas’s job offered decent pay for now but no future. As he got ready he found himself thinking about what Dean had said about him being a good doctor and feeling restless about getting back to school, knowing he could put his mind and talents to greater use and make a better living in the long run. If only it didn’t take so damn long. The more he thought about it, the more he felt anxious, like he’d lost time and was somehow “behind” where he should be at this point in his life. He knew it wasn’t by much compared with where he would be if he had gone straight on to med school from pre-med, but still.
“Well, your letter for one. You said we had to say goodbye. Basically told me to stay away. Besides I heard you on the phone before. I didn’t mean to spy but  you were talking loud enough to hear you from the hall.”
Cas waited, then took it from Dean to read it- 102.9. “Better,” he said, “but still way too high. You should sleep and rest Dean. Do you want the television on?”
Despite his need to get up for an early shift at the warehouse in the morning, he was too worked up with anger to fall asleep. He was so sick of this goddamned shit! He'd always been so careful, trying to play by their rules. Always hiding who he was.
Dean felt like he needed to say something more. He wanted to ask if it was the same for Cas - that music was different now. He wanted to know if there was any way possible, any chance he'd ever be able to listen again - to the songs that painted colors and scenes in his mind - swirls of green upon blue. He wished he could take an album from its tattered paper sleeve, gently place the needle, and let it play while Cas held him and whispered it would all be okay again. But no words came.
“Not today, I mean at all. Did he tell you why after all these years he suddenly decided to call to see how you were doing?”
Michael, as executor, had to have known - had maliciously issued an invitation without warning nonetheless. Cas was still, and in his father’s eyes, always would be,
who originally thought about pursuing it as a career. Once expressed, his father just served to catapult him into the position at school. The desire to be a doctor...to help and heal people...that had been all
Cas couldn’t believe his brother had actually gone this far and the shock must have shown on his face because after a moment the manager cleared his throat and continued.
Making to get out of bed he said “well...uh...thanks. I don’t have any cash so you’ll have to just bill me. Where are my clothes.”
I feel strongly about changing the name of this fic midstream. So I've altered the title AGAIN- sorry but I promise it's the last time. It came from a recent realization about the fic - guess that's the nature of a WIP in some ways. I am transitioning it with both titles for a while so that those of you who have subscribed won't be confused. Eventually, it will just be titled "Where All My Journeys End."
“Cas...there’s something you have to know, and maybe…” Dean hesitated, “maybe you won’t want to have to deal with it, and if so, it’s okay, I get it, but if we’re gonna try -”
That was what he told himself at least when he repeated the horrible scene in his mind. He pushed away the thought that it was Mary’s and Sam’s presence that held him in place, staring helplessly as Cas lay dying, unable to close the distance for fear of their eyes on them both. Jesus, he was such a fuck up. He pushed the thought away again.
Cas tried closing his eyes to summon the power to clean up his appearance, but all he got for his efforts was piercing pain to his skull that made him wince and grab his head.
” Dean yelled, rummaging through a junk drawer, spilling the contents as he frantically searched for a pen - his fingers uncoordinated - his mind and body out of sync.
It felt like closing his eyes and stepping off a cliff, deciding ahead of time against all reason that something would stop his freefall. Something or someone.
Dean started to speak but Sam held up his hand again. “Okay….uh...is he okay? Yeah...I’m his … cousin...Sam...Sam Winchester……..okay thank you,” Sam said, nodding calmly to Dean.
Cas swallowed hard, looking straight ahead, out at the rest of the world, as if nothing extraordinary was happening here, when really it felt as if somewhere a whole new galaxy must have burst into being if only to memorialize that single touch -
Their conversation ebbed and flowed as they watched. Dean asked Cas what he’d been doing for work and Cas told him about the warehouse, omitting the story of events at the club. Cas in turn asked after Bobby and his work, then told Dean about Charlie, and Hanna, and even his nascent reconciliation of sorts with Gabriel.
Cas stilled for a moment as suddenly the mental image of Dean kneeling at the foot of his bed, a collar around his neck, smiling up at him through those thick lashes, his eyes blown dark with lust and the need to please as Cas cradled his chin with one hand.
If Dean had never left, hadn’t thrown away Cas’s love all those years ago, he could put his arm round him now and pull him in close. Cas’s head would rest against the hollow of Dean’s neck. His perpetually unruly hair, smelled of something sweet like sandalwood and honeysuckle. Dean could almost press a kiss to him there…
But now Wally was dead, Mary had taken off to god knows where and Cas, who had nearly died, was looking like he had gone 12 rounds with God himself. Dean winced with the guilt of it. He should have been more focused. He should have been careful. He should have known that there is no such thing in this job as routine. He almost lost his best friend tonight. He was still rigid and sick with the shock and fear of it all. If Cas had died tonight, what then...he forced the thought away and flicked the dial of the radio to some classic soft rock. He couldn’t let himself go there in his mind.
She yelled the last part jumping and Cas let out a little shout, pretending to be scared, even though it was the fourth or fifth time in a row.
Dean was relieved to have found Cas, and gotten him out of that place, but clearly Cas was not happy to see him. In his fear over Cas’s safety Dean hadn’t put much thought into how he might react if he was lucky enough to find him. In the few scenarios he had run through his mind, Cas decking him wasn’t in any of them. He wished more than anything that the warmth he had seen in Cas’s eyes just a few nights ago was there now. He knew it was a stupid, selfish want.
Ever since the night he, Sam, Jess, and Benny met with Cas and Balthazar, Dean wanted to hold Cas’s hand again and be free to look at him without tamping down these feelings that threatened to burst from him.
, and I just thought, you know, the bigger the group the more conversation, the less weird it might be.”
to think of Dean - to try to be thankful for what he had. He thought he had been doing well, but clearly not well enough if a brief mistaken identity could derail him so thoroughly. He couldn’t go home and smile at Balthazar and pretend things were fine with the ghost of Dean in his head. He would erase it. He needed a diversion.
Rachel was busy flitting from the refrigerator to the table to the oven. Checking timers and lining up dishes.
He felt silly calling back. He’d delivered the message. What more was there for him to say without something awkward happening? Or rather more awkward than the last 3 minutes of his life had already been. Cas had barely managed to speak five or six words to Dean and already he felt like he’d run a gauntlet. He was sure he was about to just humiliate himself more.
Meg’s shoulders were hunched as if still cowering. She glanced sidelong at Dean then back to Cas, his eyes searching hers. Finally, she nodded to him. Cas nodded back. He bent to kiss the top of her head as he stood, releasing her hands before turning back to Dean.
His eyes widened to see Cas, Jess, and a young woman Dean didn’t recognize. Jess ran up to hug him as always.
Cas turned his palm to cup Dean’s cheek, brushing his lips gently with his thumb. Ignoring Dean’s unnecessary apology.
“I have to….” he nodded his head back at the miniature witch and vampire waiting for him on the doorstep. “We’re trick or treating,”  he finished.
Sam nodded. “You said San Francisco General?” he said, getting up and grabbing the phone and dialing zero.
“Okay….so I want you to picture we’re both on the couch, really picture it..feel it in your mind. You’re probably laying down on your right side, your head on a pillow, am I right?”
Sam focused in on Castiel, “Cas…” his head lobbed back to Dean,  “Oshiiit Dean..Cas..” he slurred. “M’ssorrry.” Sam tried to get up.
Sam found it hard to celebrate the recent victory of a case that had gotten one of their clients out of paying damages and liability for people in a neighborhood where toxic waste leaching into a local reservoir had resulted in dozens of children developing long-term illnesses. Most of them had no insurance, A few lost their homes paying medical bills. He came home and got so drunk he fell down in the living room and just laid there.
“Look Mr. Novak, I don’t understand all of the details of why your brother would go to such lengths to insist on your removal but he’s a well-known patron and we can’t afford to anger his ilk. For that matter, I can’t help but think things must be bad if your own brother says this about you.”
Dean reached up to push a stray lock of unruly hair behind Cas’s ear, letting his gaze roam from his neck to his full lips to his dark brown waves until settling on his eyes, those eyes like a stormy sea. Dean couldn’t stop himself from smiling in what he was sure was the most ridiculous way.
Dean smiled. This was good. This was nice. But it was just nice. He’d take nice. Still, despite his hopes, and Jessica’s words it wasn’t really
“Hey.” Cas said, smiling shyly at Sam and Jessica, as he and Balthazar arrived at the table. Cas glanced nervously at Dean.
Cas clasped his arms around Dean’s back, finally having reach of him, stroking along his skin and kissing into the hollow of his neck.
“Do you understand how absolutely fucked up that is?” Cas asked angrily “Do you know? I don’t think you really
Dean took his coffee over to the couch and sat. He took a sip and scrunched his nose at the bitterness. He’d made it too strong. Still, it wasn’t like he had company to please so he dealt with it.
Sam chuckled when he saw the title Dreamboat Annie in his collection until Dean cued up White Lightning and Wine and Crazy On You and Sam heard Nancy Wilson play. Her fingers worked magic across the frets, making one guitar do the work of two or three, and Ann had a bluesy hard rocking edged voice that would impress any Zeppelin fan.
Despite the heat he felt rising in his cheeks, Dean shivered as he took a swig from the bottle of diet cola.
More than once tonight at the club, he got the feeling that Dean was wishing he were somewhere else as he gazed off distractedly during the conversation. He guessed Dean had what he wanted now, with Benny, and who could blame him? Benny had that sly smile and southern charm. He was funny….. and smart,........ and so much more interesting than Cas could ever be…………….........
While he was initially given a project defending a preserve from government encroachment, that type of 'white-hat' case seemed more the exception than the norm as the next generation of partners took on more lucrative interests. The firm's newest clients were mostly corporate and some of the biggest polluters and exploiters - the clients that brought the firm the big bucks to help them avoid cleaning up their messes, and who also had the PR resources to keep most of their work under the radar and out of the news.
really.” He let out a breath, his shoulders releasing some of their tension. “Anyway - You just make sure you get better, and do what the doctors tell you, you stubborn son of a bitch!” Dean laughed. “And get some sleep. I’ll see you in the morning.” He rose and put a hand on Fred’s shoulder.
Dean pictured himself grilling burgers on a backyard deck after working all day at Garth’s garage - Cas coming home from seeing patients and joining him there. Dean would sit next to him, pour Cas a drink and they would talk about their day, and have dinner together in
Cas looked curiously at Dean but he closed his eyes and started slurring again with sleep and exhaustion.
Dean just desperately wanted things to be as they were, those moments on the beach, when they were still innocent in a way, frozen in time.
The drive to the Buttes took a little over forty minutes during which Dean told Cas about Sam taking a new job at an environmental law firm, the pride evident in his voice. “I always thought he’d be defending people but I guess he is in a different way. So much of this country is going to shit. Sammy’s gonna help make it better.”
Dean lost track of the days. Without Cas, time didn’t really matter. Day or night, it all blended together, the pain of dreams or the pain of waking reality. The only thing Dean craved was oblivion. Leaving Bobby, Dean rode up the coast for what seemed like days, only stopping to sleep, sometimes rough, sometimes at a cheap motel or hostel. He didn’t know where he was going, just that he was going. When he was far enough away he started staying a few weeks at a time at one backwater town after another making his way as far north as Oregon. He brought some money with him and hustled occasionally to afford more booze or drugs. That was until he could figure out what he was doing. Now he knew. Dean reckoned he had enough money with him to last a few weeks more. That was more than he figured he needed anyway.
Dean gets drunk to the point of becoming disoriented. Crowley uses Dean’s alcohol-induced disorientation and his emotions over Castiel to try to manipulate him into a BDSM scenario. Dean doesn’t realize what’s going on at all. Before any of that can happen three homophobic locals confront Dean with slurs and insults about his sexual orientation. They get involved in a physical brawl. Eventually the three begin to get the better of Dean but Sam shows up in time to help and get Dean out of there.
He asked Cas about his job at the warehouse and somehow managed to fumble that topic into an embarrassing assessment of Cas’s physical form.
Cas hummed along with the lyrics in his head, his mind automatically returning to the quandary currently taking up residence on his couch, the melody in his heart.
Gabriel sighed heavily, “Just be careful with yourself.” He patted Cas’s back on his way by. “I know I’ve been a shitty brother, but I wanna make up for that if I can. I do still care about you.”
“I don’t know Cas, but it’s clear to me he’s not some fragile porcelain doll, so don’t treat him like one Dean. He pulled your ass outta that park and got you out of a dissociative state as well as any combat medic would do in the field. He may not have been a soldier, but I doubt he has any illusions as to how difficult the way back can be. There will be times when you’ll feel unsteady. Do you think Cas will love you less for that?”
They were slowly making their way towards Baby when Jessica pulled in the lot. Sam turned to his brother, pulling him unexpectedly into a hug.
He shamefacedly asked to see the manager of the men’s department of the Emporium where he received a ‘Why-the-hell-are-you-here?’ kind of expression as David, the manager, came forward to meet with him. Cas swallowed his pride, and apologized for not calling and for skipping out, giving the excuse of “some issues came up I had to deal with.” He thanked David for the opportunity, acknowledging that he wasn’t a good fit for their sales team.
Sam closed his eyes, breathing in deep as he ran a hand through his hair. Dean watched curiously as he walked to the window, leaning his hand against the frame and looking out absently at the city lights in the distance. “Love like that...please Dean, it’s special,” Sam’s voice was quiet. He seemed to be speaking to himself as much as to Dean, “It’s profound…..” Finally he turned back to Dean, a far-off look still in his eyes. “Don’t fuck it up.”
Cas’s eyes traveled to Dean’s split lip and then lower to where a purple-blue bruise had settled along his jawbone.
Dean’s expression, some combination of relief, adoration, and joy, blended together like watercolors, a bright smile breaking over him like a wave.
Cas laughed, silvery and sweet, and Dean was lost in the sound of it, his eyes pulled towards the soft full lips of his first and only love...the man he had known so well and longed for like the missing piece of his own soul. He lowered his eyes to Cas’s lips, leaning in, carried along by the river inside him that sang Cas’s name…..
now that I know where to find you! I have years of tormenting to catch up on.” She leaned over giving him a playful punch on the arm.
After Dean left him, Cas sat on the floor in that same spot...he didn’t know how long, maybe half an hour...before he got himself up, dried his eyes and made coffee. He called Jessica, letting her know what happened, hoping she and Sam could look out for Dean.
Dean’s breath caught and he sighed in relief. He wasn’t stealing anything, he was welcomed...Cas was welcoming Dean with the tiniest caress.
The look on Sam's face as he bit into the burger, smiling and nodding at Dean like he'd delivered him heaven on a plate even as grease dripped down his chin - that look had Dean buzzing inside. Sam was excited and happy, which made Dean excited and happy, and Dean held fast to that emotion and Sammy's smiles and pushed the rest away as best he could.
“It's just that - that section of coast is all natural preserve.” The man eyed the hollowed look of Dean's eyes, the gaunt, yellowed skin.
At the sound of soft footsteps down the hall Cas turned to see Charlie in a long nightshirt padding towards her kitchen. She caught a glimpse of him as she rounded the corner and stopped at the doorframe.
Dean looked down embarrassed, but as he caught sight of Cas smiling warmly, raising his glass he couldn’t help but feel a creeping shame again. Cas shouldn’t be toasting him. He promised to take care of Cas. He left him instead. Cas put his hand on Dean’s and squeezed smiling and Dean looked up smiling tentatively back, daring to hope for forgiveness.
“Good. Try keeping a two beer max tonight, okay? And nothing hard. You’re gonna want it but it’s not gonna help.”
It was difficult sitting where he was as another ambulance rushed in but Dean was desperate to make out the words.
Cas quickly sat up looking around him. He was in Charlie's apartment, but the form on the loveseat wasn’t Charlie.
“You already have my home number and Bobby’s. If I’m not there, you can try here. Anytime Cas. Whatever you need.”
Dean smiled all the way up to his eyes, lip slightly parted in wonder. Cas had just manhandled him, claimed him, and ordered him to drive home with his dick covered in their combined come.
Dean smiled, sitting down in a chair next to the bed. “Well I don’t got two nickels to rub together, so I guess we just better get you all patched up and back in shape before she kicks me to the curb.”
“My name is Missouri. I just have to take down some information from you.” Her voice was commanding yet deep, motherly like the earth itself. The man found himself following her to the main desk.
Cas closed his eyes, shaking his head slightly, clearly uncomfortable. He knew Dean meant well. With effort, he schooled his expression into a smile, looked back at Dean and nodded.
Cas had been here dozens of times but found himself suddenly staring at Dean as he watched the moon’s reflection in the pool - that same moon that painted strands of Dean’s short-cropped hair, casting a shadow from his brow, deepening the contours of his eyes only to rest again on his perfect cheekbones. If he were to say it out loud he was sure Dean would laugh at him, but to Cas, in this garden, Dean looked like he belonged here - the statue of some ancient deity come to life - and Cas would be lying if he said he’d never imagined Dean in this place before. He foolishly wondered if he could make the rest of his imaginings real too.
The next morning Dean drove early and went straight to the shop without stopping home first. He counted the hours agonizing over what he would say to Cas when he called him that night. On the way up to his apartment he grabbed the mail, tossing it on the table, and running in to take a hot shower.
Multicolored disco balls hung from the ceiling all around the room reflecting a rainbow of colors across walls, clothing, and faces. Cas laughed as a strand of rainbow light stretched across Dean’s cheek to his brow.
He’d known this feeling before - this euphoria for Dean, like their hearts were sewn together. Cas never wanted it to end, but somehow it always did. Dean left, and after years, returned only to run from him again. Each time it tore away more of his heart. How many times would he give himself over to Dean only to have Dean walk out on him?
He’d been afraid of this night, afraid to see Dean again, and as crazy as it seemed after years of carrying the loss, Cas thought about ignoring Dean’s call if only to spare himself more heartache. But Balthazar was impatient with Cas as he considered. More than once he saw Cas deep in thought and seemed to take it personally.
"You're gonna stay right here, understand Sam?" Dean sat on the edge of the coffee table to face him. "We're gonna work this out."
Several dead ends and two hours later Dean found himself in the poorly lit hallway of a dingy apartment building when he heard music, loud voices, and slurred speech coming from the other side of the first apartment door. Knocking yielded no response, but Dean tried the doorknob anyway and found it unlocked. Upon entering he counted at least eight people in the apartment in various states of undress and intoxication. A pungent kind of smoke, maybe incense - mixed with weed, and something chemical, hung in the air. Someone had vomited in there recently, but no one seemed to notice or care about the smell or about the total stranger walking in. More importantly, there, in a chair on the other side of the room, was Cas. He was wearing the same clothes Dean had seen him in Saturday night, though now they looked disheveled and worse for wear. His head was back, eyes closed, and a slow smile crept across his lips as a girl with long dark hair tied off his arm.
Cas looked confused, then “Oh!” Cas chuckled. “Well, I never did understand your obsession with anthropomorphizing vehicles,” he added, a smile settling on his face.
A smile returned to Cas’s lips and a wicked glint to his eyes as he reached down, tucking Dean, the soaked fabric of his underwear still clinging to him, back into his jeans, zipping them up and buttoning the fly as Dean watched.
From the back seat Dean let out a breath he didn't know he was holding. There was Dean before Cas, and there was Dean after Cas. Dean knew he had to leave to save him, but without Cas there was nothing left for Dean. He wouldn’t go back to the way things were. He was unclean. He knew it. He wouldn’t stain the earth with his presence. He wouldn’t continue to make Cas bleed as he did still, every night in his fevered dreams as the alcohol wore off and his body started to shake and cry out for more. At least he could fade out remembering the image of his love...his boy. Dean hoped that returning to the shore would be enough to push away the demons he held inside long enough to remember Cas as he was, before Dean corrupted everything with his touch. Beautiful Cas, sweet Cas, smiling back at him, free, happy, pure.
She’s like family….I just really hope it's not over between them. I just don’t know if Sammy could take it.”
Cas rolled his eyes at Gabriel now, his entire body following - turning back to head out to the car. Pecan pie and Apple pie. Cas’s first attempts at baking anything worthy of a social gathering - worthy of Dean. He baked them before going to work yesterday and thought they looked pretty good. He hoped he’d have a chance for more than just a dress rehearsal someday.
Cas couldn’t remember how he’d ended up here. He remembered getting home last night, hearing the phone ring and hoping it was Dean. He remembered Charlie saying they were going out and he
baby,” Dean said as soon as he saw it, laying claim to her. Bobby had bought it looking to restore and resell. Dean worked every day on the regular jobs they had for paying customers, then spent sometimes two or three hours more off the clock every evening working on the restoration. Watching him, Bobby thought he didn’t have the heart to put it up for sale.
Cas hesitated as if searching Dean's eyes for his own answer, then nodded, pulling him back into a deep kiss, their tongues vigorously slipping against and massaging each other - skirting teeth and gums, venturing off to explore each other's mouths.
Cas looked around as if realizing his surroundings for the first time. At Cas’s silence, Dean begged again… “
His father, having already paid for school, Cas honestly didn’t expect any money, but it was the statement his father made that finally severed all bonds of loyalty. The reading followed a similar pattern for each of Cas’s siblings.
filled Cas with a sad kind of worry for them both. He wanted to believe in Sam and Jessica. Like he and Dean, they had been so in love. He
Cas whispered, his eyes closed, as if wishing hard enough could scrub away the guilt and pain of everything past.
“That’s the spirit Cas,” Dean said, “stay paw-sitive.” He tried but failed to bite back the grin that broke over his face as Cas scrunched up his nose at him.
“Cocksucking whores like you don’t belong around here!” he spat through clenched teeth choking off Dean’s airway as Dean struggled and clutched with both hands, trying to loosen the man’s grip round his neck. Dean heard a smashing sound above him and suddenly glass and liquid was everywhere. The man let go of Dean’s neck, and Dean sucked in a gasping breath as the man fell away to the floor. Crowley dropped the remnant neck of the bottle he’d smashed against the man’s head onto the bar.
Privately, Benny made him promise to keep in touch and he gave Dean the name and place of a vet support group in his area. Dean wouldn’t commit to starting up with a whole new group of people, but he promised Benny he would do what he needed to in order to keep moving forward. Finally, he nodded his thanks.
He asked Cas how things were with his sister. Cas felt his own face beam a smile as he talked about her, telling Dean how they got together at least once each week for dinner, or to just hang out. She was dating someone pretty seriously. Rachel had seemed anxious for her big brother’s “seal of approval.” Stephen seemed like a nice guy.
Cas caught the change and put Dean out of his misery fast, “A girlfriend, from high school - you know, like,
Dean went through it again in agonizing detail. He got up,  drank some coffee, made the drive. Cas’s apartment was homey. Cas was….Cas was
“Hey Mildred? You know that saying…” Dean paused, now that he started asking about it he was a little embarrassed.
“Pretty empty in here tonight,” Dean said. Three rough types were playing pool over on the side of the room but Dean was the only one at the bar.
He shook the thought away. He couldn’t just come on to Cas like that. Once upon a time he would have, without a second thought, but he owed Cas more than that now. He counted himself lucky that Cas was willing to consider him a friend. Dean was losing his grip. The sooner they got back outside and on the road the better.
“Yeah...it’s just. It’s nothing. Closure I guess…” Dean swallowed...he was beginning to get really irritated at the triteness of that word. It was...well it was kind of a bullshit word that everybody says like you just forgot to turn off the coffee pot or the oven.
Sunday dinners were a tradition Fred and Mildred shared with Garth’s family and Dean had been going since joining them in Valens. Sam even came up for a weekend once or twice and joined them. Garth played guitar and would sit on the back porch after dinner strumming some tunes. Mildred liked to sing and coaxed some of the younger nieces and nephews who sometimes visited to join in. Apparently, music was just something they all grew up with, so sharing it with each other was natural. Dean thought it was hokey at first but then decided it was just..well nice. Garth taught Dean a few cords and Dean thought he might one day like to get his own guitar and teach himself to play. It seemed simple enough once you learned the chords. Garth lent Dean an old beat-up guitar to keep at his apartment. Sometimes Benny would even come over and the three of them would try out a few tunes.
“Actually it is.” Cas smiled, shrugging  “I’ve walked by it a few times and always thought one day I’d like to try it. So I figured it's as good a time as any.”
Somehow, through the melancholy, Dean felt himself getting strangely turned on at the thought of Cas touching him, even in this fairly innocent way.
In the moments he had awoken the night before to see Castiel nearby, he was comforted. Knowing that Cas was occasionally waking to check on him - watch over him, made him feel safe and loved in a way he’d hadn’t since they’d shared a life together all those years ago.
“Cas,” Crowley repeated the name, his hand still on Dean’s forearm, grazing his thumb along his skin. “You hurt him badly, didn’t you Dean? You can be clean again. Feel good again. Be clean for Cas.”
Cas lost his spark of anger. He was just sad now...desperately sad. “I sent you a letter. I tried to explain. Just….just read the letter...please Dean.....I can’t...”  All things considered, Cas had been strong since Dean stormed out. Now with Dean back here he was losing it fast. Cas turned to walk back towards the house.
Dean nodded, “Some guy brought him in. Said he was his “brother” but Cas doesn’t have a brother with that name.”
“Prob’ly be working…” Cas hoped to find another job soon enough anyway. “But try me and I can call you if I  don’t hear from you. How late is too late?”
He shook his head, standing up and pushing the chair back underneath the desk. “I know what you’re trying to do boy and it ain’t gonna help none.”
Dean realized they had been there for almost two hours, having ordered only eight cups of coffee and one slice of pie. He determined to leave a big tip.
Dean wouldn’t baby Sam, especially not at Pool. He sank the shot and two more before Sam had a turn.
someone. Not since that first year away at college when everyone else went home for the holidays and he stuck it out at school. Like young Ebenezer Scrooge banned from his family, he'd been alone.  He was grateful for Rachel’s initiative but then he realized, what about Dean? Would starting over mean they could spend the holiday together? What exactly did Dean mean by starting over? As lovers? As live-in partners? Or did Dean think of it as just as friends since their last encounter resulted in Dean making hurtful declarations and storming off?
“I don’t know. Lately it's like she’s off somewhere else a lot, in her head you know? And sometimes I ask her about it and she just tenses up. Then everything's fine, but I know it's not, you know?”
Dean shut his eyes tight, shaking his head slightly. He pressed his lips against a flush that crept up his cheeks.
The salad plates and drinks served, Cas gave a nod and retreated to the kitchen. He took a moment to cover his face with his hands to rub the tension out of his forehead and eyes before grabbing the order for table six and heading out.
Cas yelled, swiping at the tears where they ran below his glasses. He turned on his heels and started up the lawn.
Dean made Sam stay as he walked Cas out. They shared a parting kiss and embraced in the dark under the tree where Cas’s car was parked, the rain beading in their hair, making it shine.
Dean couldn’t help but grin back at that, “Course I thought of you...think about you all the time,” he added softly, causing a matching blush to rise in Cas’s cheeks. Dean briefly basked in the glow of it, then remembered himself, stepping out of the way to allow Cas to climb into the passenger’s seat, before closing the door for him and rounding to the driver's side.
Castiel floated outside himself but found he was nodding hypnotically before a reflexive surge of panic set in.
"Hey there Cas!" Cas stopped as Gabriel sauntered in with a cocktail already in hand. "Where's the boyfriend? I thought Dean was supposed to meet the fam?"
“Got one,” Cas said. “I waited tables two days this week and have a breakfast shift tomorrow morning.”
So Cas had made excuses to himself and picked up the phone, knowing full well he was playing with fire, and
It was Dean’s turn to look startled, grabbing his drink to cover, so Cas continued, savoring each word, and drawing it out slowly, his voice deep and soft,
And just then, seeing the actual ‘big-ass goofy grin’ on Dean’s face, Cas couldn’t help but grin back knowing exactly how he’d carve it.
Rufus facilitated. Dean spent the entire time slouched in his seat, trying, but failing to affect an air of nonchalance. His arms were folded defensively in front of him but at least, Rufus noted, he was listening.
what his father was like. He should have just quietly gotten his and Sam’s few things and followed John to the car. Instead he’d made a mess of the whole thing. Worse than the slaps were the words that followed.
“Nah uh uh! After dinner,” Jess commanded. “Dean I’m grilling steak and corn and for dessert there’s cherry pie.”
The woman on stage left the piano and a man announced open mic time. Anyone could come up on stage to perform. The piano, a pair of guitars, a drum kit, a bass and several microphones were set up for common use.
“Bar’s s’posed to be open ‘til two!” an angry voice from behind him broke in, the suddenness of it shaking Dean slightly from his muddled daze. He squinted at the man in front of him -
Castiel had his own issues with guilt, and right now he felt selfish. Dean had been sick with worry for him. He could have awoken Dean hours ago to let him know he was okay again, but the rise and fall of Dean's breath as he slept was a cadence that lulled him...the feel of Dean in his arms like opium.
With a sigh and despite his deep fatigue, Dean set the box down near the note, turned off the dim oven light he used to write it out, then crept back down to the garage.  He opened the garage door, the rolling sound of its pulleys creaking slightly, and wheeled out the motorcycle as quietly as possible. He was still aching and tired but the brisk night air seemed to clear his head and he reasoned that at night the traffic would be light. He could be home in his own bed in about forty minutes. Dean pushed the bike down the driveway, deciding to go down the street a bit before starting it up, so as not to wake Cas or the rest of the house. He entertained the thought as if it were a courtesy, to shield him from the feeling that he was really slinking away.
Cas was furious and crushed all at once. He would miss living here. He would be sad to lose Hannah as a potential friend. Over the past few weeks Cas had had pleasant conversations with Hannah and she had been grateful to him for fixing a leaky sink, mowing the grass unbidden, and repairing the broken swing set for her kids in the backyard.
“So you got pretty messed up last night,” Sam said standing in the doorway. “Wanna tell me what happened?”
Cas was still staring at him wide-eyed. Dean struggled to decipher the emotions there. It was as if sunlight and sea spray swirled together wanting to burst from his eyes. Whatever it was, Dean thought it must be something good.
Dean hung up the phone regretting his suggestion of a group gathering. How could he ever say the things he needed to say with a table full of people? Yet he was sure Cas would never want to see him again on his own. He would have to find a way to suck it up before Saturday.
Cas quieted for a moment, trying to keep down the emotion. He felt like all of this was playing like a movie in his head. He didn’t owe anybody any explanations. He was just tired of always tiptoeing around and hiding, whispering, afraid of being caught. It was exhausting.
In the night he would sometimes wake to find Cas laying next to him, just gazing at him with that musing look in his eyes, and a sleepy smile would spread across Dean’s face knowing that they belonged to each other, and so had all the time in the world really. Cas would be there for him when he was rested and ready, pulling Dean on top of him to settle in between his parted thighs, his hands gripping Dean’s ass firmly, urging him to press his cock inside his already slicked and prepared hole, mewling little sweet sounds and encouragements as he rocked up into him, topping from the bottom.
Dean’s heart was pounding, and though he’d never admit to liking disco outside of this club, the cheesy music wasn’t all that terrible to dance to with Cas looking drop-dead gorgeous in his arms. He ventured a hand to Cas’s chest and felt Cas’s heart racing as well. Cas grabbed Dean’s hand from his chest, bringing it up to his mouth, teasing his fingertips with his lips and teeth. Dean made a mental note to send Jess flowers for suggesting this. This was better than he ever thought it could be.
Cas sighed surprised by how matter-of-fact she had said it, as if she was so confident it was only a matter of time.
“Dean!” Cas moaned, gasping now loudly, pressing his hips towards Dean and driving his tongue deeper. Covering his hole with his lips, Dean alternated flicking his tongue side to side with swirling it around inside of Cas as he squirmed and cried out with pleasure.
“Shit!” Dean said grabbing paper towels to mop up the mess. As he concentrated on the floor he wondered whether it was fortunate or unfortunate that Cas was usually bundled in a suit and trench coat. Cas’s regular clothes did nothing for his build, but these clothes did nothing for Dean’s nerves.
Dean shot his hand to Cas’s forehead. No sign of a fever. Cas was cold and sweaty, but Cas had once bragged he didn’t sweat under any circumstances. Could angels go into shock? That would explain Cas’s exhaustion, the ashen complexion, and now this shivering that had started.
Dean knew Cas was excited by his rough and hard reputation. He’d learned it worked to excite most of the people he’d wanted to fuck, regardless of their sex. Only days ago he’d played into it, turned Castiel face against the wall as he pounded into him mercilessly, all the while Cas begging him to go harder, to make him feel it for the next week. He'd come hard as Cas squirmed against him, moaning his name through ragged breaths.
They’d made love to each other with their whole selves that night and countless other nights. When Dean wanted something from Cas he always made it perfectly clear, and Cas was happy to give back what, in his heart, already belonged to him.
Sam didn’t answer but looking over his shoulder Dean could see Sam pouring two mugs. He brought them over and sat in a chair alongside Dean, setting the cups on the coffee table.
“Next time you come up…why don’t you bring your friend Cas with you? Mildred and I would like to meet him if you’ll let us.”
Cas rolled his eyes, feeling his face redden again. "I’ll consider it,” he said, giving her a lopsided grin.
Cas chuckled lightly, “I’m certain that’s true,” the backs of his fingers stroking lightly across Dean’s cheek.
" Sam said louder, undeterred, "is you never talk about the shit that’s bothering you. You let it eat at you!”
Dean’s arm wrapped around Cas’s back to rest between his shoulder blades, his other hand on his lower back. Cas wrapped both of his arms around Dean’s neck as Dean nuzzled his cheek against his, eyes closed, no longer caring who saw as they swayed and moved their bodies in harmony with the music. Cas smelled of almonds and vanilla and spices, the sweet hints of his shampoo and aftershave mixing with the slight sheen of sweat on his skin. Dean was quickly drunk with it.
In November Dean rode out of town on a bike he bought from Garth. It was crap compared to his old one, but worth it to feel like he was flying down the highway again. It would do for now until he could build himself a better one. The next evening he pulled into Sam’s driveway in Sacramento and hugged his brother, really hugged him for the first time since he returned from Vietnam. Sam had tears in his eyes.
The song ended. The air they breathed was thick with emotion - silent but for the sound of the needle as it skidded to the end of the LP before automatically lifting back into its resting place.
His hands and even the quiver in his breath and lips betrayed him as he found himself finally HERE. This moment he had prayed for since the day Cas was taken by The Empty.
“It was Dean,” Cas finally said, his voice cracking. He couldn’t look up from his papers without Hannah seeing the tears welling in his eyes...fucking tears that the mention of Dean’s goddamn pumpkins unleashed. He swallowed it down. “One for each of the kids.”
They followed a blue line that had been painted on the wall down a dimly lit hallway and around corners, converging and separating again with other colored lines all leading to various destinations. Theirs was the Cardiology ward. An elevator to the 3rd floor opened upon the visitors’ waiting room for the ward. Dean and Garth flashed their passes to the nurses station there. Mildred saw them first. She stood striding towards them and threw her arms round Dean.
Under any other circumstances Dean would love to hear those words from Cas, but the last thing he wanted right now was for Cas to be burdened with Dean’s mental or physical problems. First a flashback, ruining the date that neither of them acknowledged they had been on, now Dean was sweating and shuddering and aching all over..a mound of weakness. Suddenly Cas was pulling off his jacket, easing him out of his flannel and pulling off his boots and socks and telling him to take off his jeans and... fuck it, Dean didn’t have the mental or physical energy to do anything but blindly obey.
Cas thought about the idea of Thanksgiving with Rachel and Dean, the two people he loved most in his life. His heart ached with the fear it would be too good to be true. Depending on how things went in the next few days or hours, maybe he would gather up enough courage to ask Dean.
Cas couldn’t possibly know, couldn’t understand how much Fred and Mildred meant to Dean, because Dean had never told him. In all of their phone conversations and stolen moments since finding each other again Dean had never told him about what had happened in the months and years after he broke Cas’s heart and left. Cas, respectful of Dean’s silence about it, hadn't asked, and Dean, afraid dredging up that baggage would only make things worse, hadn’t offered.
Dean liked women, enjoyed the hell out of them. Had even truly loved a few. There was no denying he found women pleasing. But that wasn’t it. Cas was different. His Cas. The one he had come to know. Since Cas’s confession Dean had run it through his mind so many times trying to figure out when it was he first realized he had feelings for Cas too. And not just emotional...physical feelings...physical desire. When was the first time he tried to bury it? There had been so many moments over the years when Dean felt an overwhelming need to grip Cas tight and…well...Dean usually would quash the thought by gripping the closest beer or woman at the bar and go off with her leaving Cas and Sam behind with a wink. But more than once on those occasions with a woman he imagined another’s lips on his mouth...another’s hands on his skin.
“Cas…your letter…” Dean choked on the words and couldn’t bring himself to continue. “I know you don’t want me to come around anymore. I deserve that…..I should have called, but I’ve been trying to figure out what I could do to fix what I’ve
“With poems, with my hands” Cas said moving his hands again to gently hold Dean’s face and hair, “with my lips,” he whispered along Dean’s throat as he tilted Dean’s head back, “with my mind..” Cas’s lips grazed higher coming to rest near Dean’s ear. “with my body….with my soul.” Castiel teased Dean’s earlobe gently with his teeth. The sensation was almost enough to make Dean explode right then and there. “My beloved is mine and I am his.” Castiel whispered softly, feeling Dean melt into him...so close that Cas could feel the urgency that rose in Dean.
Meg basically kept a vampire’s hours so he wasn’t worried about waking her. If anything she’d be too smashed at this time of night to notice the phone ringing - that is if he could even track her down.
Getting undressed, Cas slipped into the shower. Every muscle in his body was tense and he wanted to punch something. Instead, he let the warm spray soak over him and tried to think of his future. He thought about getting out more med school applications tomorrow after his shift at the warehouse. He would have to look for another part-time job, and he’d have to talk to Charlie of course. No doubt she would want a full report of how things went down.
place of employment at the Emporium. After not showing up for two shifts he was certain to have been fired by now. The real reason for his early exit however was to do some soul searching - something that honestly Cas had tried to avoid for a really long time, seeking out diversions or parties or drugs anytime he was threatened with a period of introspection that had the potential to cut too deep.
“‘She’ huh? Baby, Janis - You know for a guy who likes dick you sure have a lot of fake women in your life.”
I know you don’t belong to me anymore Dean, but in that moment in time you always will. I will always belong to you in that moment on the beach. There on that beach I will always be
Outside the late autumn rain beat down on the Impala - cold and torrential, bringing down leaves from the trees in its wake -  the streams of water against the glass made a shimmering shield to protect them from the rest of the world. But inside was warmth and strength and softness. Inside was a world of only Dean and Cas.
He and Dean talked on the phone for an hour or two every couple of weeks those first few months. As time went on and Dean got stronger, the calls became fewer. Rufus was encouraged for Dean, but people relapse, they doubt themselves. Aside from that, it has never been a question of sheer mental prowess. The brain changes in response to trauma. It adapts to survive in a hostile environment. It learns to respond unconsciously to triggers that might signal danger. Tragic how the very chemical and biological adaptations that make one strong, allowing one to survive in one environment can make one feel weak, like an absolute failure in another.
A silence settled over the group as he finished and Dean knew it was over for him here. Fine. He’d work as long as he could at Garth’s and visit with Fred and Mildred, that is until Fred got wind probably. He’d figure something out.
“I don’t understand...Dean, I never meant to force you to be here but I thought .....I thought you were comfortable here. I don’t understand what changed. Where would you get the idea I don’t want you here?”
“Yeah...good luck with that.” Sammy laughed, doubting Bobby would sit at home even for a day. “Call me tomorrow and let me know how he is.”
“Well,” Cas huffed a laugh confessing, “I guess I was hoping you hadn’t. It was really nice getting the flowers. It’s really nice to finally hear your voice.”
Cas drove as fast as safety allowed in order to get Dean back to his apartment as quickly as possible. Glancing from the road to Dean, he felt a sick foreboding familiarity. Cas recognized the look in Dean’s eyes. He’d been haunted by that look
Fred nodded an acknowledgment. “Car accident. Died before help could reach him but a man had been passing by and held his hand through the window and talked to him as he died, didn’t want him to be alone.”
Dean was able to step away from the bar giving himself more room before the third man could react or the others could regroup.
Their tongues tangled and twirled round each other again and again, as Dean explored the little places inside Cas where he’d forgotten he could feel, the sensations running through Cas’s spine to the depths of his belly where it twisted and curled and seemed to awaken something warm, and ancient, and powerful.
and not just the word itself, but the sound of Dean’s voice as he said it sent a warm humming feeling from his chest through his limbs. It made his head swim like rich wine. Cas could feel his smile glow with it.
Cas shrugged, “Nobody’s guaranteed a happy ending. Why should I get one?.... What if what I really want…” Cas shook his head, “..is something I know I can’t have?”
“Because he’s fucking Cas!  I don’t know Sammy! He worries about everything!” Dean hoped Sam would drop it.
Rufus knew that emotional damage coupled with shame was likely killing more young men and women than bullets and bombs.
Cas just shrugged. He felt for a long time like he was just spinning his wheels, and what little new things there were to tell Cas wasn’t sure Dean would react well to, or want to hear. He certainly didn’t want to be reminded of them himself.
Hannah’s eyes flicked to Dean’s in time to see undisguised longing. A mirror of what she’d seen on Cas’s own face the night Dean left Cas so abruptly.
“You sure you’ll have enough time? It’s raining pretty bad.” Dean’s voice trembled with want. He didn’t want to give Cas even a chance to reconsider, but the drive was long and Dean would never forgive himself if something happened to Cas as he drove back to Yuba for his evening shift.
Cas turned his attention back to the tv, watching as Watson and Holmes tried to deduce what type of person the mysterious owner of a walking stick left at 221B Baker St. might be.
“God no Cas!” Dean laughed suddenly coming back to the moment and the question Cas had posed. "First of all if you learned anything from all those chick flicks you watched on our couch when you thought Sammy and I didn’t notice you should have learned that you should NEVER change yourself just to please some guy!” Dean found himself smirking despite his emotion.
Dean’s face quickly fell into a sheepish smile and he chuckled. His arm rounding Cas’s back rubbing affectionately. Dean shrugged, his eyes flitting on the table and around the club as he said casually, “But...seriously…” he hesitated as if choosing his words carefully, “for the right person I ...I think maybe I could try that.” He raised his eyes to Cas’s.
And before he could take it back Dean turned and bolted down the stairs and outside. Cas fought against the urge to run after him and stop him. Instead, he slid down against the wall where he’d been standing until he was crumpled on the floor. Putting his face in his hands, Cas cried.
Sam took three steps to cover the distance to his brother, getting to him just in time for Dean to fall against him, exhausted and flickering on the edge of consciousness.
Dean huffed a laugh knowing he wasn’t fooling Cas in the slightest with his show of bravado, but how could he care? Cas was glowing, so nothing else mattered. Cas was
Dean imagined it, pressing his own hand against his cheek as if it was Cas’s. Even bringing his other hand up as if pressing against Cas’s, kissing softly into his palm, the phone cradled between his ear and the pillow.
Dean was yelling into the phone now. “What the hell happened Balthazar? Why was he in the hospital and don’t bullshit me!”
“No problem Cas.” She made him take some aspirin and a swig of water before walking him to the door.
felt when he'd seen him that day. That bone-aching need to touch - his face, his hand, his hair - anything to set roots back into the fertile ground that once nourished him. The lightest, briefest touch on just a random patch of skin would have sufficed. Anything more than that, a joining of hands...an entwining of fingers, would have stripped him bare. He wondered if Dean felt it too.
“That’s a loaded question,” he smiled, opting to tease Dean to cover the disappointment he felt. If Dean had no memory of telling Cas how he’d felt, then maybe it
Dean wondered what kind of romantic holiday Balthazar would plan for Cas...maybe Cas was having regrets...
Dean said it jokingly but Cas knew it for what it was. A confession. There was never a mistake, accident, or injury to family or friend that Dean Winchester wasn’t ready and willing to blame himself for. Cas bit his tongue for the moment. To argue with Dean’s self-hatred tonight was useless and he didn’t have enough energy for it. Better to let Dean feel like he was atoning for whatever imagined sin he had committed for now. He could set it straight in the morning.
You’ve got to be exhausted and you should have time with your family. We’ve both got early wake-ups tomorrow. Another time...I’m good..I’ll be good,” he assured. “Where were we? Your hand was in my hair...feels good Cas.”
Dean turned to look over his shoulder as Cas settled in his usual chair and grabbed a nearby medical journal. He was turning to an article he’d marked to read.
“I didn’t know anyone could make you glow like that Cassie,” Gabriel said, cutting what must have been his third piece of pie.
He winced at the memory of leaving Cas...he remembered going to the Crossroads bar and ordering whiskey...he remembered Crowley striking up a conversation and drinking a few shots with him...it was mostly a blur after that.
….Instead he was thrown away like garbage. It was enlist, or end up on the street. You needed your parents to sign their permission if you were underage and my father did. Said the military would “straighten him out.” Will was over there less than two months when we got the telegram.
Dean’s breath came quick and shallow now. Desperate to take in as much contact with Cas as he could -  desperate to make up for all the years they’d missed, Dean’s arms slid round his back to pull Cas close, his warmth, something Dean needed to curl into.
Dean blinked to clear his vision as the man pushed into Dean’s space. Dean looked the man up and down and laughed, “Yeah, so?”
“You deserve so much more though,” Dean’s voice was cracked and strained. “So much more than I ever gave you.”
Meg was drinking and doing lines when he found her. A friend of Meg’s had a hotel room to crash in nearby so they took the party there. Cas was already sky-high when someone drifted in with the smack. Meg’s dealer Marv, helped him tie off and shoot up. Cas knew what he was doing. When Balthazar found him, he was barely responsive. Balthazar dragged Cas out of there, but in the process Cas started rambling and told him everything. Balthazar took him home and tried to clean him up. He was angry, yelling that Cas was gonna get himself killed using. Cas may have said something about not caring one way or the other -he just didn’t want to deal with it now. Cas’s memory of it was shaky, fading in and out. The last thing he remembered was Balthazar leaving the room - Cas getting up to grab the dime bag of heroin he had hidden in a jacket in the closet and snorting some of the powder so he could just blank out again.
Mildred made little attempt to hold back the tear that broke ranks from her eyelashes and ran down her cheek. There had been so many in the past ten hours, the muscles in her face were sore from trying. “They’re still evaluating him. He’s been sleeping for a while. He came out of radiology a while ago and the doctor gave him something for the pain. We can go check on him in a bit. Thank you for coming Dean, he’ll be so happy to see you.”
Dean had held this one tightly, and kissed him, and had loved him, and loved him still. Dean backtracked quickly, just in case Cas hadn’t meant for this moment to be shared.
But Darlene had been paid to take care of them, and now Dean wondered, the hugs, the kisses, the smiles at breakfast….he wondered if any of it had been real.
Wally had a soft rock station playing while they worked because the only other station that came in static-free was god-awful disco. Dean was on a creeper board under the chassis when it came on. Fucking Elvis.
‘I don’t know really. He just came for a visit. I guess we’ll see. Anyway he came down with the flu I think.’
Dean tossed their sandwich wrappers in a nearby bin and settled back next to Cas on the bench. They sat almost shoulder to shoulder, no longer needing to make room to rest their lunches. Dean didn’t exactly invade Cas’s personal space, but he didn’t go out of his way to maintain distance either. It might have been wishful thinking, but Dean could swear Cas drifted just the slightest bit closer.
“Now sir if you just sit down I promise you as soon as I have word about your brother I will tell you,”  her voice soothed.
“Well, I've not been to a family Thanksgiving in over ten years so you're already hitting it out of the ballpark as far as I’m concerned.” he teased.
“You nearly died Mr. Winchester. Did die, technically on the table before by some miracle we got you back.”
“Slowly,” he said looking directly at Cas. Dean nodded encouragement as he recognized understanding in Cas’s expression.
"Trust me on this Dean. Pamela Barnes is different. She won't pull any punches and won't take any of your bullshit. Grab a pen." Rufus waited and then gave Dean the number. "Now Dean, promise me you'll give her at least one try."
Finally he looked up across the circle at Benny who was leaning forward, resting his forearms on his knees and smiling back at him with a tilted smile.
Dean’s arms swept up pulling the hem of Cas’s shirt with them, and Cas raised his arms over his head, allowing Dean to strip him bare. Tossing Cas’s shirt aside, Dean looked at him with pupils blown. Cas brought his hands back to Dean’s waist, pulling their hips together again. His breath quickened into little huffs as he tried to rut. He whined softly as Dean pulled his hips back away from him.
“I tried going home....” Dean choked after a while. “all I do...all I did was hurt him more.” Dean didn’t care that he was talking openly about “him” with a stranger. If this asshole’s sensibilities were offended by the truth then maybe he’d get off Dean’s case sooner and leave things be. Rufus seemed unfazed.
They played for a while, the silence between them punctuated only by an occasional “Nice shot.” or “Sonnuva bitch!”
Confused, Sam tried to scout the table in question. Two couples, early twenties, each of the guys with a pretty girl about their age. College kids no doubt, but one of the guys, a blond with tousled hair and kind of a Robert Redford look about him kept stealing glances over to their table. Sam traced the line of his gaze straight to Dean’s ass as Dean leaned over the table to take his next shot, hips shifting ever so slightly in a move Sam recognized was purely for show.
“I know…” Dean smiled, brushing his thumb over Cas’s bottom lip. “I told you...doesn’t seem right to ever say goodbye.”
“I think it's sweet.” Cas smiled, looking through to the next room where Rachel and Stephen were laughing and smiling together, laying down plates and silverware as if it was a courtship ritual. “They’re happy.”
They laid there, glistening with sweat, the come on their stomachs sticky in the late spring heat, but neither seemed to care. Dean slipped out of Cas, rolling off and onto his back, pulling Cas into his side so he could rest his head against Dean’s chest. The sunlight shining through the trees painted their bodies with patterns of light and shadow that shifted with the breeze. Cas closed his eyes, smiling against Dean, who felt Cas make a little contented hum against his chest.
He thought about calling Meg. Cas got the feeling she was the only one who knew what he felt like when at his worst. They had talked about it late one night as she shared a rare admission of despair. Cas knew then that she understood. Meg had just called the feeling “the empty.” Her metaphor - and Cas thought that was a pretty damn good way to describe it. A hole that couldn’t be filled. It threatened to take
Dean passed most of the night, legs struggling in the tangled sheet, muttering incoherent syllables and crying out with a start, half waking and drifting back down. Every instinct made Cas want to get Dean up, lead him to his bed and settle in next to him, the better to soothe his brow with a cloth and kisses and gently stroke his arm and whisper reassurances to him when in the throes of a fevered dream. The better to feed the touch-starved part of himself that could only be nourished by Dean. It was selfishness, he knew.
Sam searched everywhere, calling old friends, calling hospitals and morgues. Finally Dean called again and Sam settled into acceptance. As long as Dean promised to call him every few days to let him know he was still alive, then Sam wouldn’t ask any more questions, wouldn’t coax Dean to get help, wouldn’t tell him about how Cas had called asking about him. Dean knew even these check-ins for what they were now, as he stretched the interval between, longer and longer. Each call, shorter than the last. He was weaning Sam. Habituating him to his absence. The resignation in Sam’s voice when he called now told Dean it would be time enough soon. This was Dean saying goodbye. Sam didn’t need him anymore, he told himself. He had Jess.
Kissing his lips and pulling his hand away Cas told him “it's not you...it's just all the stress,” he promised. “Let me take care of you tonight,” Cas said as he traveled lower to take Balthazar into his mouth. Balthazar shut his eyes. His breath hitched as Cas worked him. “Cassie!” he cried, grabbing fistfuls of Castiel’s hair.
For his part, Cas remained in bed, just long enough for Dean to believe that he slept through his exit. In a short while, when he joined Sam and Dean in the kitchen, Cas wouldn’t let Dean know that he was already awake when in the throes of a nightmare Dean had cried out his name in the night. Cas would pretend, for Dean’s sake that Cas hadn’t desperately clung to him as Dean drew him close in the dark.
As they walked together Dean’s eyes rested upon the friezes and took in the sorrowful figures of the Weeping Maidens.
In the distance Dean saw the little witch, Jenny, run from the door of a house and leap excitedly into Cas’s arms. He swung her around in a circle as the little boy joined them. Dean’s heart swelled at the sight of it and he smiled. Cas would make such a good daddy. If only the world were different.
Dean tried to steady his breath and steady his voice but the truth was the man in front of him owned his heart, and how could you be casual about such a thing? He tried anyway.
Dean sighed. “I know I’m not the same...still. I try to be….I used to be able to just shake stuff off. Whatever it was..might take me some time, but I always could...But this...sometimes I just feel this darkness in me, and I’m just afraid someday it’ll settle and it won’t leave.”
A thousand butterflies threatened to burst from Dean’s chest as he walked hand in hand with Cas over to Baby’s passenger side, opening the door and reaching in to grab the small token he’d bought for Cas before their date. A chagrined expression overcame his face as he held it behind his back, now rethinking the ridiculousness of giving a grown man a stuffed toy. He was just that lovesick that all reason had gone out the window when he saw it. Cas was looking at him curiously.
?” Dean’s eyes snapped back to Cas’s as he said it, locking eyes for the first time since the park, driving home an accusation.
“All right big guy,” Dean teased, easing himself out of Sam’s grasp and turning to Jessica. “This is the hug I’ve been waiting for.”
“Oh, I don't know...maybe when you went to the Sadie Hawkins dance with Gilda Fae. She was my best friend, remember? I had a major crush on her and of course I always had to listen to her titter and guffaw about ‘Castiel Novak!’” she spoke his name in a sing-songy voice. “Ugh! Her notebook was
Sam, chuckled to himself at the banter between his brother and Jess. Dean had that easy way with everyone really. He’d always been charming. Sam found himself thinking on more than one occasion that he was probably lucky that Dean preferred men or he might be freaked out and insecure at their interactions. It was Dean’s cocky, self-assuredness. The lopsided smile with a curled lip. Every Hollywood bad boy seemed to learn that lip curl. Yeah, Dean had always been cool. Later that night they sang together for the first time.
Cas felt the blood rush to his cheeks at that, experiencing that small, quick quiver of shame that Dean always managed to pull from him when he played with Cas this way, even after all this time. Still, he couldn’t help the smile he felt bloom on his face in response to Dean’s praise.
“I’ll be here. You can call me….Goodnight Dean.” Cas held on to the receiver until he heard a click on the other end. He placed the receiver down, laid back against the pillows, and tried again for sleep.
The reprieve was short-lived, as the two other men grabbed Dean, one on each side. Fists were pummeling his ribs and stomach from both sides. His arms pinned by the men, Dean jerked his head back, catching one of the men in the face.
Dean’s brow furrowed as he tried to piece together the previous night. He didn’t even want to think yet about Baby.
I read about authors starting out intending to write something and their characters taking things in an unexpected direction and thought - “wow that must be weird!” Then it happened. I wrote this scene several months ago one way and as I revisited it recently to get it ready for posting, it was like Dean laughed at me and said “Yeah,...that's not how it happened,” and I had to listen and rework it. See notes at the end for a final thought on this chapter.
Dean’s fingers found Cas’s other nipple and rolled the tip between his fingers and rubbed gently, as he sucked, Dean’s body thrumming... Everything he’d been needing was right here, holding him, sliding beneath him, loving him back. Dean broke off, turning to switch sides - taking Cas’s other nipple into his mouth, earning another moan and squirm from Cas who pressed his hips upward to rub his erection against Dean.
Cas got down two large mugs from the cabinet and spoons and popped some bread into the toaster as he heard the water turn off. A few minutes later a freshly washed Dean was rubbing the last of the wet from his hair with the towel while dressed in Cas’s pajamas and tee. The sight of Dean in his clothes went straight to Cas’s cock. He lowered his eye, taking a steadying breath.
Dean grabbed his arm to stop him and when he went to throw Dean off, pinned him against the alley wall. Dean grasped tightly at Marv’s jacket, holding him fast, his face an inch away, despite the man’s fetid breath.
Cas’s eyes were wide. Dean needed to protect him. A percussion wave hit them and they were falling, the sky was tearing apart, Cas was bleeding.
A fault line inside of Dean the size of San Andreas opened up. He was never gonna hear from Cas again.
Dean returned to the lounge and Garth took a turn leaving to call Bess. When Garth arrived back before Mildred they made plans.
Dean rode off, putting his bike back in the garage before going upstairs and collapsing on the bed in his clothes. When he finally slept it was the fitful, anxious kind of sleep that doesn’t bring rest.
Cas had still harbored some feelings towards his father, until the day of the will reading. Michael was their father’s executor and made sure Castiel received an invitation. He arrived at the attorney's office to see Michael and Gabriel waiting. Rachel had left immediately after the funeral returning to a semester abroad. Gabriel gave him a tight-lipped nod but Michael refused to acknowledge his presence in any way.
His fingers trembled over the letter from Cas. Dean opened it, began reading. All of his plans to lovingly lay siege to Cas’s heart and bring down the walls there, suddenly undone with one line.
.he had made them sandwiches...it reminded Dean of the simpler times of their life together. They drove to see some scenic mountains...it was a beautiful day. Dean bought everyone pumpkins...they got hungry...there was conversation and food on the bench in a park near a stream....the birthday party….kids playing. He had held Cas’s hand. Cas had smiled at him. Dean heard what he thought was gunfire….Cas was bleeding...his hands were cold...it was the  ice.. Cas drove him back to his apartment...He realized it was fireworks.. Cas told him...He was embarrassed...he was so fucking ashamed and he was scared...he was afraid of going back to the way things were when he kept making Cas bleed in his head...so he broke a mirror, even worse he broke Cas’s heart again..he broke his own..he ran..
His dick ached against the tight fabric of his jeans as he cupped Cas’s ass and gripped firmly, fingers kneading into him. Dean brought one hand forward to run along the inseam of Cas’s thigh, feeling the press of his cock plumping against his hand. Cas moaned pleasure into his mouth as he moved a hand to palm Dean’s cock through his jeans, rubbing him...fucking him with the strong press of his hand, sending a pulsing shiver through Dean’s body. Dean rolled his hips into Cas’s palm, his lips sucking little kisses down the column of his neck - begging, pleading, crazed with need.
Dean closed his eyes tight and nodded again, breathing deeply. "A little. Enough to get me out of there I guess."
Though in your case I think I’d have trouble telling your ass from your face! Your breath smells like you just rimmed the shit outta your friends here.”
what he was doing. Crazy how so small a movement had Cas’s heart fluttering in his chest and his head light as if he was about to cannonball off a cliff into the ocean. Cas stroked gently back and he heard Dean inhale deeply and then sigh.
“‘Night Cas,” he managed to say finally, closing the door behind him and heading down into the street.
“Hold on.” Cas got up to change the channel and sat back down. “We are now officially cuddling on the couch watching The Thin Man together….sort of.”
The instant he looked up, Cas leaned into him, pressing him slowly back against the seat cushions, one hand on Dean’s shoulder, the other on his chest, palm pressed flat and riding the pulse of Dean’s heartbeat beneath his skin.
“You know I wouldn’t let you do anything you’d regret, now don’t you Cas?” she gazed up at him, her hand cupping his cheek.
“Why didn’t you just tell me?” he asked, closing his eyes, his face flushing with renewed anger and embarrassment. Opening his eyes he glared at Dean and demanded, “Why
“This self-imposed penance you’re taking on, avoiding Cas. Hey  - don’t you roll your eyes at me and stop sulking! You’re not a damn teenager!”
“Your worry and care for Castiel played a role in how you reacted each time, sure Dean. It had to be a shock to hear his name in the ER that day. All the sirens and trauma coupled with that? It all combined to throw your sympathetic nervous system into a fight or flight response.  But it sounds to me like you recognized the signs and did what you needed to do…...You said yourself you saw him out at a club and then again out for dinner and nothing happened. Right?”
He was suddenly afraid to look up, expecting to see worry or maybe even irritation or, god forbid, rejection in Cas’s eyes. He tried to muster up the courage, but a hand was gently pulling at his chin, until he was face to face with eyes that looked at him adoringly, and with wonder. Cas pulled him in for a kiss and Dean melted into his lips as naturally as ocean water flowing into a tidal pool.
It sounded like she put a hand over the receiver because Cas could hear a muffled cry of “DEAN! Cas is on the phone!”
“s’that your professionn-nal opinion D-doc?” Dean joked as he took the pills and sipped some water, his hands still shaking, threatening to spill it. Cas smirked back at him but then was taking the glass and fluffing pillows on the end of the couch and easing Dean down onto them.
Cas smiled back at Dean as he led the way onto the grounds of the Palace of Fine Arts. This was his favorite place in the city. When he first moved to San Francisco he and Balthazar had walked through the grounds one day and Cas’s imagination had run wild. Balthazar seemed unfazed. Maybe being from a country that had
Cas looked up just in time to see the familiar motorcycle pull up right to the edge of Hanna’s lawn.
Okay...Dean begins a long road. This is an inside to what MIGHT have happened in his timeline in all of those missing months / years in T&S. New chapter in two weeks!
"uh...I just mean you were always so smart, so I just figured...well anyway, you look good Cas...You look real good."
Dean was drawn instinctively into the hollow of Cas’s neck, kissing there as now he took his turn in gently pulling at the hem of his shirt -pulling it over him, then bracing a hand around Cas’s back as he urged his body down to the blanket he’d lain upon the ground. Dean put a hand to Cas's glasses, carefully pulling them off, folding them and placing them safely away, where they wouldn't get damaged. Cas lay on his back, blinking momentarily as his eyes adjusted, his chest and stomach bare - a canvas on which Dean would paint the moon and stars with kisses as his hands roamed over Cas’s skin.
Smiling, Cas grabbed her hand and spun her around, pulling her in against him as they danced and he joined her in the chorus.
Dean felt the soft warmth of Cas’s gaze reflected in his own smile, filling him with tenderness - the sense of being exactly where he needed to be….a positive feedback loop. The grass was lush around Cas’s feet and Dean’s lips quirked briefly, eyes twinkling as he imagined taking his time.
than scared by them. “Before that...I was having a great time...I think you were too...it was so nice just
“Heh,” Balthazar quipped, “That’s pretty ironic coming from you. Isn’t it? The one who left, and apparently only sought him out now to assuage your conscience? It all makes sense now.”
I spent a lot of time wishing I would have known the morning you left that it was the last time I was going to see you. Now though, I think maybe it would have made it worse. I would have begged and pleaded and made you feel guilty for something you felt you needed to do.
Cas’s laugh was more of a moan. His body shooting tingles through his core from everywhere Dean moved his hands and lips. Dean made it sound as if it was some devious plan, instead of just the natural reaction Cas had to falling into Dean’s gravity. If anything, Cas felt like Dean was the one who’d cast a spell. Cas was completely in his thrall. He could lower his lips to Cas’s neck right now and sink in his teeth like a vampire in some old movie and Cas would let him drink his fill...would follow him willingly into eternal damnation.
Cas ran his free hand up Dean’s back, giving a squeeze on his shoulder. He grabbed his drink, draining the rest through the straw before scooting out of the booth and reaching his hand to Dean’s.
Dean! Look I know something happened because we’ve never had to organize a freaking search party for you...not since -” Sam cut himself off.
“Okay,” Cas hesitated, sounding unsure, but then continued.“My hand is reaching up to touch your cheek. I want you to feel it there...let me feel your lips on me, on the palm of my hand as I hold you.”
The crazy part of it all was that Cas never understood his own value. The way he looked at Dean as if he couldn’t believe how lucky he was to be loved by him. The most beautiful boy in the room - and he didn't even know it. Dean basked in those glances because inside Dean knew
“Rachel’s coming over in a bit to help make dinner and plan Thanksgiving. She insists I have to be part of the planning for some reason. Maybe she thinks I have some gay superpower for throwing a dinner party or something.”
“Well then...hang on a second.” Rufus walked over to the book shelf of his living room and pulled out the book in question. It took less than a minute for him to find the passage he was looking for. “Maybe you forgot this part.”
Dean dropped Mildred off at her house, letting her know he’d be back after he ran a quick errand. He drove into town hoping there was a place open late that could help get him in touch with the right people in Yuba City.
“And by the way, you don’t always have to be with someone. You said yourself you wanted to take time to figure things out. Be free Cas! Think about what you really want. Besides silly, you’re never gonna be
Dean left Linda a twenty dollar tip, putting it straight into her hands before he left, then got on his bike and took it back to the shop.
Seeing Sam broken made Dean feel broken. They sat together around the coffee table, neither talking at first, but Dean’s mind was racing, desperate to fix things for Sammy like he had always done when Sam was hurt. Dean knew though that this wasn’t his problem to fix, and that might have been the hardest part.
. They all were. Everyone but him. Dean wasn’t even in the same league. He hadn’t even finished high school. Why did he ever think he would be enough for someone like Cas?
“We just killed a demon, you nearly got ganked, Mary’s in the wind who knows where. I think we earned a day off.”
Balthazaar was shaking his head wildly as the doctor asked him something, Dean just thought he made out the word “stablized.” What did that mean? Was he stable? Were they trying to
us Cas.” Dean shook his head, “Face it, most people would feel just fine if we fell off the face of the earth. Hell, most people’d
“-but the extra food is so good so I don’t want to break it to her grandma just yet,” Cas smiled, but then froze and fell silent with the first few chords of
Dean took off on his bike, making his way to the garage. He said a quick hello at the office and got some confused looks.
Cas’s breath hitched, “When you left I didn’t know where you were or what happened to you and all I could do was wonder if you were
“This is sort of another older song too now, I guess,” he said into the mic as his fingers started flying over the frets and his right hand began strumming. Keeping his eyes locked shut he started.
Crowley was definitely curious about Dean’s sullen arrival without his usual cadre. Clearly in a state, he briefly wondered if the chance would arise to chat him up. When it came to sex Crowley was a ‘bon vivant,’ and an ass like Dean’s was always worth paying attention. Crowley had been an admirer every chance he got on previous visits as Dean sauntered away from the bar with a round of drinks for him and his friends. If the look of pain and longing in Dean’s countenance was any indication, he was clearly feeling vulnerable. Always the opportunist Crowley wasn’t above using that to his advantage for a little taste of fun.
“Look, Sam and I will step out while you change, then we’re taking care of those” he pointed to the heap of bloody clothing on the chair “and you’re going to rest or sleep or do whatever it is that angels do to get better after being stabbed by a heavenly death spear.”
Cas’s face fell as he realized the implication of Dean’s question. He took a ragged breath. After a moment he brought himself to say out loud what Dean seemed to imply.
“Thanks Fred...G’night.” Dean watched as Fred closed his eyes and relaxed back into the pillows before leaving the doorway.
Hell yeah! Sam was too into it to even care that Dean was gonna torment him forever. They played that song three times that night. It was maybe the first time in a long time that Sam had seen pure joy on Dean’s face. The first time since before the war, after a race, when he was with Cas. After that Dean and Jess sang a lot. Sam thought about getting some bongos for himself or at least cutting the ribbons in the future, but Jess insisted they stay.
He jumped off the hood, shaking his head, a teasing smile on his face as Cas pulled the powder blue monstrosity that was his car into a space near him.
Cas looked into Dean’s eyes and was lost in them. He leaned in by way of answer, allowing Dean to shift his hands to round up his back pulling their bodies close. So close that Cas could feel his own cock, already more than halfway there, pressing against Dean’s fully hard one through their jeans.
Dean decided. Shooting one last glare at Benny for starting this he got up to cheers from the room, and rounded the table. Jess, pulling him by the hand and Sam slapping his back in encouragement as he walked by.
Dean’s face contorted in anguish, sobbing in an anxious breath. Putting down the parts he was working with and wiping his hands with a rag he went to the office to tell Bobby he was heading out for Sam’s place before grabbing his bike and taking off. Bobby had given him a worried “Okay son,” reminding him he could talk to him if he needed to. Dean thanked him.
