He was in the hands of a terrorist group known as the Ten Rings. When they realized who he was, they saved his life but were unable to get all of the shrapnel out. They wanted Tony to build them weapons. Tony refused.
With an unsteady voice, Clint gasped, “You would not believe how unbelievably happy I am to see you right now.”
But it was all fake.
Steve was going to move to Brooklyn because it had been his home since the 1940s but now… as he thought on it, maybe it was time for change. Peter would be safer in the Tower and once it got out that Steve had a son he would be hunted by both reporters and enemies. Steve would have an easier time protecting him surrounded by Avengers than everyday neighbors. And the Avengers were the closest thing Steve had to friends other than Sam and Buc-.
She interrupted, “After you ‘died’ I was in his hands for
“It’s nothing,” Tony replied and knelt back down over the engine to avoid any more questions. He put his hands back on the pipes, but he didn’t do anything more than fiddle. Without looking at her, he asked, “What are you doing here?”
Peter gently kissed him and he whispered, “I love you…” He lightly pushed Wade toward the door and he stumbled back. He kept backing up, looking like Peter had torn out his heart.
This could not be real. Peter had to be asleep. That’s right. He fell asleep on his aunt and uncle’s couch and was dreaming right now. He was so desperate to see his Pops that his mind had constructed him for him.
Steve stared at Tony, waiting to hear him chuckle at his inane joke but he didn’t. He really could do it. He really could help Steve.
Steve winced and said, “For a little while…at least it wasn’t seventy years this time?” He tried to make a joke but it seemed to have backfired as Tony’s eyes narrowed.
Tony grinned at him, his smile filled with gaps from missing baby teeth, but he still managed to gleam with pride.
“I know this is horrible,” Steve whispered. “I may no longer exist in life, but I am still here, with you, in your dreams.”
The silence between them felt more noticeable to Tony after that. He went back to work on the arm but continuously looked up to Bucky, wondering what he was thinking about. Was he reflecting on memories of Steve? Or maybe he had no memories…just a feeling?
He brought the phone to his ear and the cigar to his lips.
And then he heard Pepper walking through the doors, talking to someone on the phone and he knew he couldn’t stay this any longer.
…” Pepper groaned, turning her attention back to him.
As if reading his thoughts, Tony quickly continued, “I made the ten floors beneath my penthouse, private living courters. Bruce has already claimed one floor for himself, as did everyone else in the Avengers, so I figure, why not you? You’re welcome to go back to D.C. though, I just thought – it would be easier to get to know you, you know? We’re soulmates. It’s something we can’t ignore and, well, I don’t rub people the right way. I’ve always been told I’m hard to love, so yeah, that’s not a good selling point…Free room and board?” He dryly joked with a nervous edge.
“Crazy pissed at him maybe,” Steve commented.
“Awesome! You guys missed out a lot though!”
“Young love,” Clint sighed overdramatically from the counter as he caught sight of Tony’s grabby hands.
Steve stood tall but, on the inside, he felt hallow. One push and he knew his fragile shell would collapse.
The resulting expression on Peter’s face was heartbreaking and he stumbled to a stop. It was just what he wanted but it destroyed him to hurt his son. It had to be done. He had to protect Peter.
When Wade realized Peter was Spidey, he almost laughed at the depressing irony. Peter was handsome and Wade was horridly disfigured, a thing out of a nightmare. No way Peter would be into him, especially after seeing his true face. Wade was brash, glutton for punishment so he flirted either way and…
“Cap, are you
Wade snorted and Peter was grinning as he continued, "And I love spending time with you." Wade's snorts stopped and he looked at Pete with wide eyes. Peter continued, "I love your jokes. I love your personality. I love your smile. I love your laugh...I know you don't want me to say it but...I love everything about you...I think...I think I may just be falling in love with you..."
Bucky sat up and craned his neck to see what it was Natasha was threatening to expose. Upon seeing the box, he grinned and asked Natasha, “When did you find it? I came across it last Wednesday.”
She then testified to not telling anyone about what happened, fearing for her job but when Steve got her fired for not returning his affections, she finally came forward.
.” Steve paused.
“Space, the final frontier,” Scott quoted with a serious air.
He didn’t let himself think about his mate or that every day brought him closer to meeting him or her (Yes, at this point in his life he experimented and determined he could easily go both ways). Whenever his mind strayed to this kind of thinking, he’d go to his lab to distract himself from these heavy thoughts or imagined punching the person in the jaw.
Tony’s lab became a little brighter as things hummed to life and various bulbs and holograms began to glow. Dummy chirped happily and zoomed out of his charging station upon the labs reawakening. The robot zoomed around aimlessly and Tony smirked as he wondered how many more seconds it would take for Dummy to knock something over.
“There is no way you are joining the Avengers,” Steve countered. The last thing Steve wanted was for his son to risk his life as a superhero. He always envisioned Peter living a relatively normal life and never using his powers other than lifting the couch off the ground to look for the remote.
“Thank you, Vision,” Steve stated sincerely.
Tony turned on his repulsors and said, “Let’s find my wayward boyfriend, J.”
Nonetheless, their fairy tale vacation ended the same week of the trial.
Still not looking at him, Steve stated, “I’m going to go and speak to Peter and Wade and apologize to them for tonight on behalf of both of us…And then I am going to Bucky’s place and sleeping there tonight.” Steve’s eyes finally met his but Tony could barely see it because his vision was starting to blur. Steve leaned forward and grasped his head. He paused but then lightly kissed Tony’s forehead and then pressed his forehead to Tony’s. Steve assured him, “I love you Tony but I am so upset with you right now. I need my space but don’t ever doubt my love for you.”
“Aw Fuck,” Tony cursed as Howard pulled it out, revealing a large crack on its side. Tony grasped his head and repeated, “Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck…” He covered his eyes and gasped, “I’m dead.”
Bucky was there at 0700 on the dot.
The first thing Peter noticed were the birds chirping.
They went back to Peter's room and Peter automatically went to his cell phone. He hadn't checked it all day and when he opened it he saw he had quite a few notifications. He scrolled through them, ignoring the Facebook birthday messages and likes on Instagram.
Coulson winced and said, “…It is your choice but, the Earth needs you, Captain.”
The woman called after him, but Steve could already see the gentle rays of the sun in the distance.
“…You killed your girlfriend?” Tony whispered. The horror in his voice made Peter cringe. The elevator had yet to come and Peter wished it was faster. Yet…in the time it took to get to this floor, perhaps he could explain some, just enough so that Tony would not think he was a coldblooded murderer.
Steve sat up and looked down at Tony’s tented trunks. Steve gulped, a sign Tony was starting to recognize as Steve’s desire and wanting something he shouldn’t. Steve tentatively asked, “D-Do you need help with that?”
you’re Howard’s son??”
They passed about a dozen haggard looking SHIELD agents working at monitors and Hill informed them they all could be trusted. Steve nodded but still cast a wary eye over the busily working group.
“Are you alright, Captain Rogers?” The AI’s voice resonated from the darkness.
“He's trying to kill you!” Tony growled and stalked closer.
"What being a pain in my ass?!"
Steve chuckled and whispered, “Sorry…I’ve just barely had you back for an hour and, with our luck, I just assumed the worst.”
Breath caught in his throat, Steve’s head snapped to the side as Bucky stepped aside, revealing the other hospital bed in the room.
Wade reached for it with no hesitation and pulled it off with one hand. Peter took one look at his boyfriend’s sad eyes and reached out to Wade with open arms. He whispered huskily, “Come here, babe.”
Tony closed his mouth as Steve ran the blade around his lips. He heard the grainy sound as numerous hairs were cut and was soon able to feel air on patches of skin that should have hair. Pep was going to so tease him
not even fidgeting a little!”
“Call Bruce,” Tony hissed. Steve was already one step ahead of him, running to the where he left his cell phone on the kitchen counter. All the power was off in their apartment. The refrigerator no longer hummed and the digital clock on the microwave was blank.
Steve wanted to push them all aside and runaway but he could not do that without hurting someone. These people may have been vultures but that did not mean they deserved to get hurt! So, instead, Steve slowly pressed through, going in the direction he knew the street to be and prayed a taxi driver would take pity on him because, if not, he would have to walk with these people for miles and he doubted his sanity could handle it.
He no longer spoke with a toddler’s lisp and had found a voice and, like Tony, was always talking and making jokes.
As soon as they were alone, Uncle Tony embraced them both and grasped both their heads so he could touch his forehead to both of theirs.
“I prefer the term Time Lord,” Tony teased.
“That would make you Frankenstein’s Monster?”
The final battle to decide Earth’s fate was being waged in New York, his and Tony’s home. Loki seemed to be looking more for a grand stage but he also successfully managed to give them another reason to defeat him.
“Well, you'll have to do something impressive for her to see past...this…” Steve murmured, circling his own face.
“Need help drying off?” Tony asked, still smirking.
Tony’s face twisted and he growled, “You are not the only one hurting here! So why don’t you take that stick out of your ass and open your goddamn eyes!” Tony stalked past him and made sure to hit him with his shoulder as he walked by. He went straight to the elevator and probably went down to his lab.
Steve grunted in agreement.
“Neither matter to me,” Schmidt replied. “I only want you.”
Could Peter’s fear activated something within him? Bruce turned into the Hulk when angered what happened to Peter when he was scared? Fear was just as strong of an emotion as anger. He looked fine but what if changes were occurring on the inside? What if his body was tearing itself apart?
“After that hand job you gave me in the pool, all I have been thinking about—,” Tony gasped and Steve froze as his lust spiked from the memory. He pushed himself up and peered down at Tony. Tony’s eyes were dark and filled with promise. Tony continued, “—all I have been thinking about is returning the favor.”
He ran straight into the nurses’ station, a large counter with various implements, and the stone cracked upon his impacting it. He caused several people to jump back or exclaim in fear. He pushed himself up, using the now unsteady counter, and murmured, “Sorry, I-I will fix that. Wh-Where’s Tony-Tony Stark?”
“Don’t you fucking dare!” Tony hissed. Steve took another step away and shot him an apologetic look.
“Do you know this man?” A police officer demanded.
Peter face palmed again as Fury’s face contorted with surprise and anger.
Tony chose that moment to finally follow them into the kitchen. He stopped as soon as they came into view and he worriedly demanded, “What did I miss??”
Peter did not reply but crossed the larger bedroom to the private balcony. The room smelt of the shared scent of Pops and Uncle Tony and its association with comfort eased his nerves. The sliding doors made him flinch as they hissed but his uncle did not seem to hear it as he continued to try to talk to Peter through his bedroom door.
He could hear people follow him into the tunnel but, as Steve took more turns, their voices became more distant until he lost them altogether. After a few minutes of just hearing his own heavy breathing and the splash of his feet, he finally slowed to an unhurried walk and gasped for air as he clutched at his heart.
the hell?? How are you here? Alive? And…” Tony motioned to all of Rogers and asked, “How are you still so…perfect?”
Steve secretly watched him for a few seconds, cherishing the love practically pouring out of Tony’s gaze even when he didn’t know he was conscious.
“It is supposed to protect whosever DNA it is synthesized with, so…”
“Mind…if I ask what it’s about? May..Maybe I can help?”
Natasha was the first to go back to sleep. She breathed lightly with her head nestled on his chest. She felt like she belonged there with his arm wrapped securely around her.
Bucky sighed heavily, being the last to exit the tent, he tied off the flaps and said, “It’s a damn long, gay story, but I’ll try ta fill ya all in…”
Tony hummed and leaned heavily into Steve as they began to walk.
The unit was too large to move by train so they were marching to the base. Under normal conditions, it’d probably had taken them a week…but, since they were traveling through a war-torn countryside with Axis and Hydra agents possibly hiding behind every corner, they had to move
Hehehehe
Tony was pissed but he did not let his anger burn through into his voice as he stated, “They’re assholes. How did you get away?”
En route, however, their plans got rewritten.
She hissed, “You broke through it, James!”
Coulson’s eyes widened slightly and he replied, “Yes! Yes, go! Go, Cap!”
“Right now, I’m in the middle of nowhere. If I wait any longer then a lot of people are going to die…Peggy, this is my choice.”
Cable and Fury came to a stop before them and Cable grumbled, “Before we go back to the past, I need to stab Wade at least three times.”
“No,” Tony agreed, his throat dry and his heart heavy. “It was Bucky…”
“If it’s Steve’s then he’s still alive. The Soldier wouldn’t drag around a dead man,” Clint reasoned.
"Alright, he should be back in five, four -." Bruce started. Steve closed his eyes and dropped his head, needing a few more seconds of bliss until the inevitable occured. "Two, One!"
“Am I okay?!” Tony gasped. He lifted his hand and shoved a cell phone in Steve’s face. He explained, “You left your phone here and left without telling anyone where you were going! You have been gone for hours! I thought Barnes killed you!”
This person took
The others noted his deposition, the horror of the situation was weighing him down, and it was decided that Wade was to be given the less laborious task of being the messenger. Wade didn’t blame them…but he wished he didn’t have to bring this to May either…
“Tony?” Pepper asked, worry lacing her voice. Tony looked up and met his friend’s concerned gaze. Her eyes snapped between Steve and Tony with her unease mounting. She pulled Tony from Steve’s side and whispered, “Is everything alright?”
It was a reminder that he shouldn’t think like that. His feelings did not matter.
“You keep your controller to the left and I’ll keep mine to the right,” Wade murmured into his ear. He pressed himself against Peter’s back and Peter inhaled sharply when he felt Wade’s arousal press into him.
Peter was so tired he barely remembered Wade crawling into the bed beside him nonetheless removing any clothing. Peter had kicked off his jeans so his bare legs were tangling with Wade’s equally bare legs...
? Who?? Steve! I can’t believe you never told me! I want all the inappropriate details!!”
“Thanks,” Tony replied. He clapped Steve on the shoulder and replied, “Really, Steve, thank you.”
Steve flushed and said, “All the time.”
Ross’s shadow passed over Steve and he clutched Peter closer to his chest and twisted his body to block him from the man’s sight.
Steve had originally held off on running but the need to burn off his anxiety became too much. He had thought running away from Tony’s house would be alright…clearly he was wrong.
The Red Skull had barely survived but the fact that he was still standing while the Captain, with the "updated" serum, was buried beneath ice and water, never to rise again made him pleasurably happy, but, better yet, obviously he was the more superior super soldier.
Peter chewed on Steve’s reply for a moment and did a set of stretches. As he sat up, he asked, “So we can’t help Uncle Bucky or Auntie Tasha get together anymore?”
stole his reactor, the very man he sent Pepper after hours earlier. He pulled himself up with Rhodey’s help and grunted, “Where’s Pepper?”
Steve bit down on his lip and kept his head tipped down so he could avoid looking at the man who was making him doubt everything he once knew.
He tried to be silent, but he kept exhaling in sobs and it woke Tony. One look at Steve and Tony reached out to him.
“Is Tyler a spurned lover?!”
“Good Afternoon, Mr. Parker, Mr. Rogers,” Happy said, nodding to them both.
Steve nodded as his heart fluttered madly within his chest. He still couldn't believe this was happening – that this man was interested in Steve more than just his body. He could almost feel his heart reaching out to Tony's, yearning for that intimate contact that only people in love could share. They hadn't really progressed that far into the relationship but he was ready and his heart was already falling for the easygoing man with the most amazing smile.
Doubts ate away at him and every day the hearing drew nearer Steve became less sure of everything.
. When someone asks you for a favor you do it!”
Wade halted as his eyes took in the flawless pure blackness of the figure and his eyes eventually trailed to the ass (because, hey, he was human) and he’d recognize that ass anywhere.
“And you need to stop molesting me before you hurt yourself,” Tony retorted.
He loved this. Loved falling asleep in Steve’s arms. It was the most content feeling he’d ever experienced. But what he loved more was the fact that this would continue every night from now on.
“Hmph,” Peter huffed.
“Fuck Bruce, I touched it and it’s even more glorious than I imagined!”
“Exactly,” Tony agreed with his matching smile. “The American Dream.”
Bright light blinded him and then…
“When they started to make comics about Iron Man,” Bruce replied dryly.
He found additional support from Uncle Bruce who counselled him through the feelings he did not want to talk to Dad about like what he had gone through with Venom.
Steve chuckled and retorted, “You’re the one who just can’t keep up.”
They untangled from each other and then both slipped outside the van for the leg room to change and separated the clothing between them.
What was worse, it was only at this horrible moment, that Tony was able to see how much Steve cared for him…and how much Tony cared in return.
Peter had to make sure and read several more articles. Most of them were about the Parker takeover of Stark Industries’ biological department and the others were gossip rags about the fight between Richard Parker and Tony Stark. Those articles came with pictures of both men from far away. Tony Stark had a black eye and Peter’s father had a cut lip.
“Yes, this way…”
Tony suddenly burst out laughing and said, “We usually kiss like this when we are trying to take our clothes
“Tony is dead,” Steve whispered to Bucky.
Tony tore off his gloves then the goggles and tossed them beside the piece of armor he was working on. He had odd circular bruises evenly spaced, starting at his wrist and going up his arm. Steve quirked an eyebrow at it but did not ask anything of it. Tony must have pinched himself on his new armor.
Their relationship may have had an unorthodox start but he and Steve were made for each other.
Steve was angry and uneasy by the fact that Peter had been so close to the Chameleon. Steve could not believe that he had almost brought Peter to meet the villain in disguise! What was the Chameleon’s endgame?? First he impersonated Steve and now Mary. Why?
He'd never felt
He didn’t just remove his fingers, but slowly traced her lips until he reached the edge of the pinkened flesh. A slight blush tinted her cheeks but her eyes were heated. Neither had breached anything more physical than holding each other until that moment. She bit down on her lips and they disappeared in her mouth for a moment only to reemerge moistened, soft, and inviting.
Steve ran his hand through his hair and answered honestly, “I am living day by day right now.”
Eventually, he came across the lab.
“I have on goggles,” Tony replied smartly.
Steve gave up and turned forward. Tony was driving and Steve glanced at him. His husband’s hands were strangling the wheel of his car in a vicelike grip. Was all his anger direct at Norman? Did Tony suspect ulterior motives? Or was he nervous like Steve?
Maybe it was the influence of the beer or maybe it was that utterly sincere look in Steve’s eyes, but Tony pulled Steve in by their connected hands and out of sight of the doors into the dark shadow of a corner against the building.
Wade’s eyes did not follow Peter’s progression but he heard Peter speak to Happy about leaving. The bodyguard must have still been there and, in no time, he heard the slamming of car doors and then the rev of the engine.
The man let out a sardonic laugh, but it cut off and he looked like he was going to cry.
Tony kept humping him and Steve twitched with him weakly until he came too. Tony fell on his chest and, after a pause, grasped his dog tags tightly like Peter, and lightly kissed the engraved metal.
“We’ve found the Red Skull,” Peggy stated solemnly. “The Colonel says we need to go now or we’ll lose him…our people report…” She took a sharp breath, getting ahold of her emotions, and then whispered, “They report Schmidt has a plane and plans to take off soon.”
He was glad she was distracted by Stark so she did not notice the complexity of emotions that passed through his expression. He looked at her suspiciously, not trusting her…or himself on how to react to the unexpected memory.
Steve shivered. What happened to Tony?
Tony had only revealed the full extent of what had happened to him in the past to Pepper and Rhodey. SHIELD was very interested but Tony was never forthcoming. Coulson cooled down after that and offered his help, clearly curious, but Tony didn’t take him up on the offer and told the man all he needed were the files. The files he was given, however, were mostly a bloody ledger of the bodies the soldier had left behind.
Steve shivered and he and Tony stared at each other as they awaited Ben’s response. His heart began to hammer so loudly in his chest that he feared Tony might hear it.
(See the end of the chapter for
They had a quick breakfast with the team but neither of them ate much…in fact, no one ate much, even Thor. The Norse God spent most of his meal polishing his hammer and glaring in the general direction of the coffee pot.
They lightly kissed and Steve gently ran his fingers through Tony’s hair. As they pulled apart, Steve murmured, “This is your yearly reminder that I love you.”
Tony kept walking and he heard Steve’s footsteps pick up a moment later. He was strangely silent so Tony glanced back at him and nearly stumbled over his feet.
Steve stopped listening to the detective’s testimony at that point and instead focused on his own breathing. It was a meditative technique he had learned from Bruce. Steve ironically wondered if he and Bruce were doing the exercises together in separate rooms.
“Sounds nice,” Steve chuckled, pulling up on the bottom of Tony shirt. Tony lifted his arms to let the super soldier pull it off and the blanket fell from his shoulders.  The light from his reactor grew brighter, bathing Steve in blue.
Comprehension dawned in her eyes and Natasha leaned forward and lightly grasped his arm. She whispered, “It’s not stupid, it’s affection. It shows you care and there’s nothing stupid about that…”
“I’m not a damsel,” Peter countered.
Tony appeared in the dreamworld facedown on the ground. There was no definition to the world, just darkness, and Steve’s eyes just narrowed in on Tony.
Steve’s tears renewed with the words. He knew Tony had his secrets, but he couldn’t believe he carried such burdens for so long.
Tony rubbed his erection against Steve’s half hard cock and teased, “Make a decision or I will come all over you. And you will have to wait a while until I get it back up again.”
“Alright, I’ll meet up with you in the cafeteria…” Sam said, backing up a few steps watching him before he finally turned away.
Several people pooled into the room, surrounding him and Pepper. Steve stiffly rose to his feet and glared at the obvious ringleader. The man tapped a gun against his thigh and smiled sardonically at Steve. He continued, “You can’t leave just yet, you’re the fabled ‘Big-One.’ You, America’s most recognized symbol, her golden son, her most glorious creation, you who wear her colors and sport her name. You are more important than her President, you are one of a kind,” he paused for dramatic effect and leaned toward him. He whispered exclusively to Steve, “
“I-I’m sorry,” Peter gasped, still clutching his shirt tightly, afraid to let go. “I…I’ll send you a check for the glass.”
Bucky was so shocked he just dumbly watched Steve’s retreating figure run away for a few seconds. He was freed from his reverie when Jim gasped, “What the fuck was that?”
Peter nodded and then pressed his face into the metal suit. The entire suit shuddered as the repulsors turned on and it turned into an even vibration as they rose into the air.
“That’s a long story…” Bucky sighed, there was movement behind Bucky and Steve’s heart shot into his throat as he looked over his shoulder.
, was clearly defending Stark because of their close friendship and...and it pissed Peter off that he did not have that with his
Tony’s mouth was hot and his tongue was soft and caressing the underside of his cock. Steve never before felt such intense pleasure and it rocked him to the very core. If not for his connection with Tony’s eyes, he probably would have lost himself to the passion. As it was, he could barely focus on anything else other than the feel of Tony’s mouth and the intense stare of his eyes.
He frowned at the number, remembering the shorter but equally emotional conversation he had with the super soldier.
We’re approaching Iron Man territory next chapter! \o/
By the end of the month, Peter was going to be three-years-old. Steve could barely phantom it. It was going to be Peter’s first birthday with Steve. Steve had wanted it to be a memorable affair but Steve had completely forgotten about it because of the drama with Bucky and Tony.
“The idea is very sweet,” Steve murmured.
He pushed Tony back into the mattress and physically showed him how much he loved him.
“What does ‘privately’ mean to you exactly?” Tony countered, eyeing the new agent suspiciously.
“I – ugh…” Steve murmured distractedly as he stared at Bucky.
And..by the end of the night, his entire life seemed to shift.
Steve smiled and nearly collapsed within himself with his relief. With a wet voice, he gasped, “You had me at Tony.”
Ben lightly touched her shoulder and whispered, “This is real, Mar. Peter is real and there is nothing monstrous about him. Peter’s father wants to meet you and, eventually, Peter would like to meet you too.”
Steve was anxious to see Tony – even a Tony who did not know him, as long as he could see that he was alive and well…Steve would feel a million times better. But he knew it was not an option. He would never put Tony’s life in jeopardy like that. Steve swore to Cable, “I will not risk Tony’s life.”
“C’mere,” Tony said, pulling Steve to the center of the bed. “I’m going to kiss you like I’ve want to all day.
Tony rushed back to the counter put something onto his hands and then rushed back to Steve. He clapped his hands right back on to place where they had been seconds before on his jaws. Steve smelt the sharp but pleasant smell of what must’ve been the after-shave Tony had been going on about and he smirked at his fiancé.
Steve stared off into space at nothing in particular. His mind was mercifully devoid of thoughts. He knew he was in shock and he did not care. At least he was no longer thinking about his son’s horrible fate.
Venom broke one of the speakers and gained strength from the lower volume.
In response to Tony’s touch, Steve whispered, “I love you too, sweetheart.”
Tony had curled up into a ball on the bathroom floor. He kept his eyes open, not wanting to close them and remember the darkness.
“Tony…” Steve gasped but he could not come up with a valid excuse.
“Could that be why I didn’t have a match? Cause…Cause I got bad genes and like boys?” Steve asked in a small voice.
“It was horrible!” Steve gasped, wide-eyed. He greedily grabbed at Tony’s hands and gasped, “I was miles away and-and they said the most nasty things! They kept throwing insults at me or tried to embarrass me. A-And I could barely breathe, they were so close to me!”
Steve followed Bucky out but the Winter Soldier disappeared as soon as he stepped over the threshold to the hotel room.
Venom turned its head to Thor and shrieked loudly in rebuttal.
“Dum Dum watch the door,” Bucky commanded and went into the tent.
“…Alright, Mama Bird,” Tony murmured. “Come here.”
Tony picked up the prints when they were done and held them between them so both of them could inspect their work.
‘Be home soon,’ Tony promised. ‘I’ll order us some take-out.’
Tony’s eyes widened and he took a step back and examined Steve like he was a laboratory specimen.
He uncovered the radio but grimly noted it was no longer humming with power. He flicked the on-off switch a few times but the static never sounded and his stomach sank. He tried the radio anyway and pressed the button.
Marcel looked at the photo again and then back to the medical examiner. Marcel’s eyebrows also pinched together and he gasped, “I just can’t get over the fact that this is wrong. The stain should not have been on this dress.”
SHIELD databases again, Mr. Stark?”
“I know…” Peter sighed.
“Is this an apartment?” Natasha asked with a quirked eyebrow.
“Why do I take all leave of rational thought when it comes to that boy?” Mary wondered aloud. The SHIELD agent chose not to reply but she heard him shift uncomfortably on his feet.
Peter was hyperventilating and everyone around him was yelling and he could distantly hear the priority alarm going off. He closed his eyes to try to get a hold on his terror.
. Tony darkly wondered if it’d been so desolate before Hydra decided to move their base there.
Peter’s racing heart began to slow as he understood. He wiped the happy tears from Wade’s cheeks and whispered, “Every version of Wade Wilson is a handsome version, you don't have to hide this from me.”
Natasha wordlessly watched their exchange from Bucky’s side, her hand still resting on his back, and her eyes were calculating. Bucky did not seem to notice and continued his rocking motions.
Steve grinned to himself as he imagined Tony grumbling in the small bath like the first time.
to Steve. Tony smiled sweetly at him and lightly kissed his cheek before moving his hands down to Steve’s shoulders and then grasped his hands.
"You contacted him first, he reciprocated this morning, and now it's your turn to reach out again," Steve stated.
“It looks perfect, Pepper thought of everyone,” Steve replied with a smile.
Mary easily pushed his hands aside and hissed, “You told me to protect that boy until the end of my existence so I am going to do just that! I have a self-destruct bomb within my core large enough to vaporize Venom along with me!”
“What?” Tony repeated himself this time more confused.
He sat across from Tony and Bucky sat beside Steve. Tony had paperwork beside his plate with mathematical notes and rough sketches of machinery. Steve saw an image of an Iron Man peeking out and he lightly pulled the paper to him to see it better. It wasn't Sneaky exactly but it looked pretty close. He stated, “This is good. I didn't know you can draw.”
The area was nowhere near a major city and was in a block of mostly abandoned buildings.
Steve’s hand tightened on his and Tony gasped, “He was five – oh god – he was five.
Thor nodded and tightened his hold on his hammer. He said and did nothing more. For a moment, Tony wondered how long it would take to work.
Steve bit the inside of his cheek upon Tony’s question. It was a question he had been asking himself ever since Peter came into his life. He wanted his son to have a normal life but the cold-hard truth was, his son was not normal. He could easily kill a grown adult with his strength. Children were more fragile and if Peter became upset with them Steve was afraid what he would be capable of.
Tony’s eyelids dropped a fraction and his hooded eyelashes shadowed Tony’s eyes similarly to the first time Steve noticed it. Steve felt himself relax into his familiar, warm gaze. Tony lightly ran his hands up Steve’s chest and wrapped his hands behind his neck.
“J, keep an eye out for Steven. Let me know when you see him again. He and I need one last get together before we break up the band.”
The driver turned back to the others and asked, “Ready to go?”
hand job.
There were three white foam containers within and he opened all three displaying the chimichangas, rice, and beans.
Tony walked over to Marston and shook his hand with a wide smile. Steve followed him over to the table and, once Tony stepped back, Steve shook Marston’s hand as well.
After he finished loading the dishes in the washer, Steve picked up his son and they walked Ben downstairs to the garage.
“I’m so sorry, Tony,” Steve said and he ran over to his son. To Peter he said,
As soon as he was in the city, Peter suited up and was looking for someone or something to unleash all of his pent up anger on.
Tony spun around, surprising Steve, and pressed back into him. Steve groaned and grabbed the corners of his waist to draw Tony’s ass snuggly against his cock. Tony automatically swayed his hips to the beat, pressing harder into Steve’s hips, and smirked as he made the super soldier shake. Steve bowed his head and messily kissed along Tony’s throat. Tony hummed happily and wrapped an arm over Steve’s neck to keep him there.
Bruce’s gaze moved from Tony to Steve sympathetically and he nodded. He pushed himself out of the chair with a groan as a few bones popped. He whispered, “I will be right down the hall.”
“Yeah,” he gasped as he grabbed ahold of Steve’s arm to keep himself upright and steady. He continued, “I slipped back into him without realizing it…”
Peter had excelled in nearly all forms of science but his heart was set on biological science and had been ever since he was a boy. With it, he wanted to make the world a better place. Originally, he had wanted to cure cancer, like his first father, Richard Parker, but, after becoming Spider-Man and fighting with the Avengers, Peter’s wants evolved.
Steve had woken to what felt like the worst hangover in years and being trapped in a glass cage. He broke out of the cage and ran. Running cleared his head and he quickly evaded the people who ran after him.
He spent his entire life under the watchful eyes of the media and, since he was a child, all they tried to do was find all his dirty little secrets and make his life a living hell. Even when he was saving lives, the media was all about what he did wrong: he did not save a certain building from falling, he did not stop a super villain from taking hostages, he let his science hobbies get in the way with his work with the Avengers, he let his work with the Avengers get in the way of his needed scientific breakthroughs, and on and on and on…
Peter licked his lips and focused on the screen before him. A message on the screen stated for them to press “Start” to continue.
Steve chuckled as Peter have an impatient huff and then began to squirm in Steve’s hands.
“I said you are-.”
“So…” Tony muttered, “How was the coffee?”
"Wow. Really helpful. Glad I spent all that money on your advanced systems," Tony stated sarcastically.
Once inside, he tapped his foot impatiently as he waited for the elevator to crawl up the shaft and mentally added to his To-Do List giving additional speed to the elevators.
Steve whispered, “Don’t make me choose between you two.”
“Good boy,” Kilian mocked. He nodded to the men behind Steve and said, “Follow them.”
“You’re going to die,” she hissed pointing to his bleeding arm. She froze as, before her eyes, the wound healed itself. The blood dripping down his arm slowed and then stopped all together. The hole in his arm shrunk and knitted itself together before her very eyes.
According to the text on the bottom of the screen, Tony had made this announcement not long after he got off the phone with Steve the night prior. Coulson had called them after breakfast and asked if Steve could rein in Tony a little. When he did not know what he was talking about, he told them to turn the news.
Tony did not mind one bit.
Steve turned to Tony with a smile and gratefully said, “Thank you.”
The stabbing pain was not from the betrayal however. It was the shrapnel, free to move without the arc reactor’s magnetizing power to keep the metallic pieces in place.
“Pajama day it is,” Tony stated with a grin.
He stood and eagerly added his input as he, Bucky, Sam, and Clint all provided different views on the matter. Tony, not much of a sports lover, called for a toast for the birthday boy, drawing the other adults to the kitchen for more alcohol.
They did not ride for long and by the looks of the brownstone they stopped at Steve guessed they were still in Brooklyn.
All he could hear were his and Tony’s gasping breaths and all he could feel was Tony’s lush lips, Tony’s hot skin beneath his fingertips, Tony’s hands on him, Tony’s hips jutting into his, and Steve’s heart hammering at his ribs, trying to break free.
Tony was put under but it felt like he only closed eyes for a few seconds and, when he reopened them, he was in a whole other room and Steve was carding his fingers into Tony’s again.
As he went to his room, he went over the conversation he had with Pepper in his mind again and flushed at the memory. Why would she think he and Tony were an item? And why was she so accepting of it? She wanted him to sign a contract to be quiet so it was clearly still a bad thing.
Tony stood up on the tips of his toes for a quick, chaste kiss and murmured, “Love you too, babe. I’ll keep you updated.”
Eddie sat up straighter, his attention totally diverted from what was in front of him. He had no idea who Wade was, of course, so he asked, “How’d you meet him?”
The Goblin traveled through time...he could have done
“Just a ‘fashionable’ new chest piece and your life is all,” Steve quoted ironically, rolling his eyes. “The next time we fight some dastardly villain, please protect your ‘fashionable’ chest piece.”
“Forget it, I got you,” Tony shot forward and swept the Captain off his feet and into the air. Rogers yelped and instantly wrapped his arms tightly around Tony’s neck. They flew straight into the sky, above the tallest of the skyscrapers in the matter of seconds.
The robot could help but it
I-I don’t...I don't even know
Howard surged forward and embraced him tightly before Tony could finish. Tony’s lips trembled as he tried to hold back the surge of emotion that filled him from being in his father's arms again. He couldn’t remember the last time he had held his father.
She made a strange noise upon impact. The air had clearly been forced from her lungs but it came out like a choke. She slid down the wall and did not get up.
“…I can’t take much more of this,” Steve whispered, without lifting his head. “I thought faking a relationship was going to be hard but faking our history –
Tony paused outside the barracks as his resolve grew. He could do this…he wanted to do this. He liked Steve and Steve liked him. This was going to be easy. Tony knew what he was getting into and, if Steve wanted to go through with it, then he’d know what to expect too. This would be a brief affair only and then Tony would return to the future and Steve would martyr himself in saving their country.
“I’m sorry, Peter,” his aunt gasped, her voice contorted with a pain he never heard her express before.
thought something like this could only happen in my dreams as I grew up!”
“Yes, Sir.”
He flushed privately to himself and stuffed a large piece of chicken in his mouth to keep from saying anything stupid.
“It’s fake, Rogers,” Steve reminded himself. He and Tony may kiss a few times for the cameras but that was going to be the extent of their relationship. After the trial was over, they would fall back into their roles as friends and pretend this never happened. The thought certainly put a damper on his hard on.
Cable smirked, “No.”
dame! How many kids did we have? OH, MY GOD, WAIT!” Bucky grasped Tony’s shoulders and gravely asked, “Do I lose my hair?”
The Iron Man suit was waiting for them, standing where Tony had left it.
Howard gasped, “It’s beautiful.”
“Tony had it hard before you…” Natasha stated. She took a sip of her drink and asked, “Did you know he made a program for soulmates to find each other faster?”
The memory of the bullet that was shot into his living room flickered through his mind. Tony and Steve had been making out. It must have been what Bucky was referring to. He asked, “You saw us then?”
. I will be with you
“Yes, sir. Outside forces destroyed the firewall but I am currently fighting them back. I am unable to access the Tower at this time.”
Tony was not listening too closely to Jarvis, instead he was listening to the dialect of the people around him, who now had soldiers streaming into the room with weapons at the ready. But most importantly they were
Coulson wasn’t sure if the Captain meant for him to hear it but his heart went out to his hero either way. Coulson couldn’t imagine what the young man was going through. He looked over his hunched form for another few seconds and then slipped out of the room.
It was a blast.
– I felt like I had died with you.” Tony kissed him again, first on the mouth but then he planted multiple kisses all over his face.
“I got this, Coulson,” Iron Man snipped.
“Sir, after reviewing my scans, I have determined the angle of the bullet and, according to my calculations, the shooter was level with Master Roger’s apartments,” Jarvis stated.
It was hours before they came across the mugger.
“Oh, please shut up now! That is not what I was asking!” Peter groaned, burying his face in his hands. This conversation just took a turn down a very dark corridor. He sighed heavily and looked at his step-father. He murmured, “I think I’m interested in…a man.”
Steve, apparently,
“Am I a bad person?” Tony asked. He kept staring at the ceiling. He could not look at Bruce; Tony could tell he was upset by the sound of his voice.
Bruce had been mildly surprised but informed Steve he was perfectly fine with whatever Steve preferred. Bruce was a man of science and he confessed to Steve that the politics of sexual preference was bizarre to him. He and Steve talked about the oddity and discussed what might happen if Steve came out to the world. Otherwise, his only major interest was if he planned to have more children. Steve reply was to only shrug. He was fine with just Peter right now. Bruce was somewhat disappointed. After some prodding on Steve's part, Bruce bashfully revealed he wanted to compare blood specimens of a super soldier’s gamma-radiated and non-gamma-radiated children. He was totally unaffected by the fact Steve was attracted to men but his scientist side could not help but wonder at the differences. Steve was more amused than offended. This was where Bruce and Tony were most alike. They both were extremely passionate about their work. It may hinder the social skills sometimes but it certainly improved their science.
“Glad, I’m only a part-timer. I can’t believe some of the stuff you guys put up with,” Sam said, shaking his head. “I’m going to head out. I’ve got a meeting with the V.A…unless you need any more from me?”
Steve dragged his fingers through Tony’s hair and stared into his hazel eyes, reassuring himself this man was indeed alive.
“I walked off on Wade when he wanted me to talk to you instead of…well, doing other stuff,” Peter explained with an embarrassed flush to his dad. “And…I need to apologize to him. It can't wait. I was an ass to him and he doesn't deserve it.”
The day before they were predicted to reach the coast, they stopped for lunch, and the other soldiers migrated into small bundles of friends, while Tony isolated himself with a repair job on a tricky engine. He couldn’t help but wonder aloud, “How much longer can I do this?”
to be getting ready for their shotgun wedding.
“Yeah,” Bucky replied. He lightly tapped Steve’s back in passing and then to the others said, “Let’s step out.”
Tony wanted to rip through the fabric of time and grab onto Pepper and Rhodey. He needed them, he needed Jarvis, he needed his home, his world…his century. He couldn’t imagine the agony of being forced to grow old in those formative years of the new century and not doing anything out of fear of changing the future…He’d go utterly mad.
Tony collapsed slightly, like the very mention of their son’s name threatened to break him. Tony pressed the back of Steve’s hand to his face, his hands shaking, as he hunched over their diminutive connection.
Peter whispered without opening his eyes, “I lost mine, Pops…I’m sorry.” Peter had always been fascinated with Steve’s dog tags so he split the pair and gave one to Peter. His son never took it off until…until now.
Tony gave him his hand and chuckled, “Oh yeah, more than alright. Big explosions are always the best!”
They broke apart and Tony whispered, “Now let’s go save our son.”
“We’ll find a way,” Tony murmured, his hand rubbed comfortingly at Steve’s hip. He whispered, “Come – Stop brooding.”
son. Peter is my son, not Banner’s.”
The card reader beeped, signaling its completion. Peter’s hand shot forward, holding it out for his card. Harold returned it but continued talking, “I would be honored to have you on there! Maybe your father could join you? Is he outside?”
Peter was telling him all he knew about China (which was basically Kun Fu fighting pandas) when the reporters found them. Someone must have recognized one of them: one of the park-goers, the man tending the trees, or a passerby.
From another room, Tony watched Wanda manipulate the orb Venom was encased in. Vision stood before her, watching her every move with his unblinking gaze. Wanda ignored him in favor of concentrating on her task. She was hardening the orb, making it impossible to escape and give it the ability to be held without Wanda’s intervention. Once she was done, Vision would take the orb and throw it into the sun, destroying that monster once and for all.
He didn't want that morning to ever end.
Tony quirked an eyebrow at the hologram of Fury and then crossed his arms over his chest before he countered, “More serious than me helping my friend heal?”
They returned to the sewer and Venom was already triangulating where they would surface next and play their fishing game again. Peter’s horror was so great he was at a loss for words to protest the atrocities.
His mother glanced to the other woman in the room. Peter, never got her name but she wore a white coat matching his mother’s and had dark hair. She was pulling a sealed cylinder out of what looked like a freezer.
“…You’re welcome to join the Avengers, by the way,” Rogers suddenly announced. “To officially join, SHIELD will need to know your identity. If you don’t want to reveal it, you can work with us probono so you won’t get paid but you can fight with us…”
“He prefers to be called the Kick
Peter jolted to a stop as soon as he stepped into the living room. Across the room, his parents were in the connected kitchen.
Wade’s own heart meanwhile was so broken that its pain was seemingly infinite.
The rest of his family was always there for him and were always asking him how he was and what they could do to help.
Peter dropped his gaze and shrugged as he murmured, “s’alright.”
Tony went through the door and began to move forward. Steve caught up to him and they wordlessly fell in step. Tony bumped into Steve’s side as they walked and Steve leaned into it with their hands occasionally brushing.
,’ why should I believe you? You helped create this monster and you delivered it to my son. And now you expect us to believe you have had a change of heart? I really doubt it since you don’t even have a heart…”
Did she look at him like that as she weighed the pros and cons of whether or not to kill him? Had her face been so blank?
“Sir, I just need a little more –.”
“I think they’re cute,” Natasha replied, leaning into Bucky’s side.
“…How are you, Steve?”
Peter chuckled and ran his fingers over Wade’s back. He was starting to grow hard too and he slowly rocked his body against Wade. Wade hissed when Peter started but he was quick to move with him, rocking with him and pressing his hips into Peter’s. Jolts of pleasure surged through his body every time their hips collided.
It was probably going to go down as one of the top ten most erotic things he'd done in his life.
Peter needed to say something to placate the situation but he had no more words. He was dried up. Wade reached out to him to touch his shoulder but Peter jerked away and Wade drew back his touch.
“I have been getting more action. Tony hasn’t hooked up with anyone since he and Pepper broke up,” Clint informed them with a smirk.
They went to the living room with the glorious view of the ocean. They sat together on one white couch and Bucky and Natasha sat on the other.
“I should go back,” Tony murmured to himself as he paced in Steve’s apartment in Washington D.C. SHIELD had given him the place to have while on call in the district.
Hydra.
When Steve entered the dream, the world itself seemed to explode from the super soldier’s very body and then settle into the landscape of their favorite balcony in Malibu.
Peter crawled up on the couch and nestled into Steve’s side. He tucked his action figure between them and sighed heavily.
The Soldier had to jump over the car as it came careening toward him.
,” she hissed.
Father Michael was being pushed against a van with his hands being held behind his back. Steve ran straight at them and rocked the people off the priest and then grabbed the father and threw him into the empty van. They went speeding off and the father fell back into his seat, cursing under his breath.
Thor did not care, in fact, he thought Steve was coming on to him. He informed Steve that he was in a relationship with Jane but if they ever broke up then he may consider Steve. In Asgard, sexual preference was apparently not an issue and Steve had to try to explain Earthling’s problems with it. Ultimately, Thor became more confused by Earth’s politics but in the end he was assured that Steve was not coming on to him.
“It’s classified,” Cable replied. “Level Nine access.”
Clint and Natasha disappeared after the attack, joining SHIELD in their search for Bucky. Steve wanted to help too but everyone was adamantly opposed to it. They all believed the shot was meant for him or Tony. It could have hit Tony if he was not bent over Steve at the time.
, Jarvis?”
They both got so wrapped up in each other that they didn’t even think of what was going on outside of their own personal heaven until there was a knock on the door a few minutes later followed by Tony saying, “Would either of you care to explain why Pepper is ranting about Instagram and I’m getting emails from practically ALL of the major news stations on the planet??”
Wade placed a hand on Peter’s shoulder and leaned on his back as he stretched out his arm and held out his hand to the man. Wishing he had his mask on, Wade said, “Thanks for having me over, Mr. Stark!”
It was as blank as his suit’s memory.
Steve’s voice trembled slightly as he commanded, “G-Gabe, we need privacy. Bucky go – go get Tony’s toolbox from Panzer. And Peggy…” He turned to her and she looked at him with a plainly shocked expression. “Go find Iron Man.”
Whoever they were, Steve still had manners so he held out his hand and replied, “I’m Steve, Steve…Carter.” He flushed slightly from using Peggy’s surname and he hoped the doctor would not notice.
“Not if I can help it,” Steve murmured and, to his surprise, she smiled.
“That’s not what I meant,” Peter interrupted him with a flush. “With a female it’s easy, take Piece A and insert it into Piece B…We both got Piece A, you catch my drift?”
Tony gulped and looked down at the death trap in his hands and gasped, “Yeah, I didn’t think so…”
Peter fell into Wade with a shuddering gasp. Wade’s insides felt like they were expanding and knowing that Peter had ejaculated inside him sent him over the edge. He came seconds after he did, with a moan that sounded similar to Peter’s name.
Still smirking, she closed the locker and lead him back outside.
Tony jolted and grabbed his chest as he gasped, “Shit! Buck! Don’t sneak up on me like that! I’ve got a heart condition!”
Wade knocked the tendril aside and taunted, “Venom, Sweetie, mommy and daddy are talking right now, please don’t interrupt.”
Steve joined Clint in the front and anxiously watched as the city flew by.
“I sent him to one of my safe houses, one SHIELD doesn’t know about,” Natasha replied. “But we aren’t secure here, Steve’s apartment isn’t, and the Tower is probably crawling with SHIELD agents right now. You two are fugitives wanted for questioning about Fury’s death. It’s all over the news and the only reason Tony didn’t get noticed was because of me.”
Steve and Tony nodded and they surged forward, following the escalating voices.
She knew how he felt. She was still amazed that he was there, in her bed, curled into her side, alive, and free of Schmidt’s control.
Dr. Calvin looked up sharply from her desk and hissed, “Control your temper! Your emotions are only to be used to convince the targets of your sincerity!”
“You have to get into the cold room, we can’t let you hear a command or-!”
Tony's eyes zeroed in on those words, probably the tiniest of the changes that had occurred, and his heart began to race at dangerous levels with the edges of his vision beginning to darken.
“…But if they love each other like you and Uncle Tony love each other then they
“Pete!” Tony gasped, “Come in, come in!”
“J,” Tony gasped tightly. He felt like a child again, afraid of the dark in his massive bedroom, and wishing the real Jarvis, his late butler, would come to make everything better again.
The elevator opened and Steve followed Bruce out. They stepped into a large entertainment room with an attached kitchen, and dining room. Clint lounged on one of the couches in the living room portion and was watching the largest television Steve had ever seen. Clint was wearing his usual black shirt and pants, all form fitting and a gun holstered at his side.
Wanda slumped when Hulk hit the shield a second time and the shield fell between the two powerhouses. Venom’s vengeful gaze was drawn away from him and Peter to the incredible Hulk and it shrieked at him. The Hulk roared back and launched himself at the symbiote. Everyone jumped or ducked out of the way but the collision shook Wade down to his very bone marrow. They broke down a wall and the fight was dragged away from them. Wade cautiously uncurled himself from around Peter, his heart pounding wildly from his pumping adrenaline.
“Anomaly?” Tony questioned. He had paused in his work to take a break and was about to pop a blueberry into his mouth but froze upon Jarvis’s announcement. He lowered the tiny fruit and leaned forward as he said, “Do go on…”
Steve and Tony leaned onto the boxing ring’s cord railing, both slumping into each other’s sides. Their eyes were as focused as Peter’s on the couple. Steve reached out and tightly grasped Tony’s forearm. He hoped this would work…
“If I don’t take risks then I might as well be a shut in the rest of my life,” Peter countered. He tossed some clothes into his bag and said, “The worst that can happen is that the paparazzi find me before I can get back in my webs. Then I’ll just weather through it and grab the first cab I come across.” Peter shouldered his bag and said, “I need to cross this hurdle. It’s my life now.”
Steve’s throated tightened for a moment as his emotions threatened to overwhelm him. He was alive. Thank God, he had survived.
Tony blinked and shrugged, looking off to the side as he replied, “It’s no problem.”
According to Friday, Peter had mostly been in one area the
Tony did not need any other validation and surged up, capturing Steve’s lips with his. Steve responded to his kiss with a loud moan and pulled Tony deeper into his embrace.
It couldn’t be.
Tony grinned and replied, “Me neither. Ever since I came up with this idea, the gears in my brain have been turning and I can’t stop thinking about it!”
, how long have I been out?”
“Are you ogling me?” Tony gasped, in mock shock.
“Sir?” Jarvis interrupted.
"But then we remembered the Hydra Base and the fact that it was still abandoned at that point in history and, well, I knew I couldn't leave you alone, punk," Bucky said and gently bumped Steve's side.
Natasha did not react to his imploring lips and sealed her lips into a thin line. When he tried suck on her upper lip did she make her move and bit down hard on Bucky’s bottom lip. His blood flooded down his tongue and he felt her cooler blood mix into his mouth.
Which was his first mistake.
“No,” Steve replied before any of Tony’s lawyers could dictate otherwise. For this, he wanted to get the record straight.
Eventually, what must have been hours later, Tony was lazily kissing Steve’s inner thigh when Peter called out, “Dad! Pops? Anyone home?”
People and large, black cars were following him. The city had changed in the decades since he last seen it, but the grid of streets was still the same. Steve ran at top speed and took all the routes he used as a kid to escape pickpockets or bullies.
The fact continued to pierce his very soul and a part of him still refused to believe the cold hard facts. It was just too cruel that’d he’d lose Tony this way just as they were reunited.
“I’ll include it in our vows,” Tony promised, carding his fingers into Steve’s.
“You can still back out,” Steve whispered.
Steve’s jaw dropped as his eyes confirmed the jerk’s words.
They walked toward the back, where their friends and car would be waiting.
Peter wanted to sleep with Wade. It wouldn't be tonight and probably not even tomorrow but, eventually,
“I’m shaving this thing off so I can kiss every inch of your face,” Tony murmured, pushing himself up slightly.
Tony shrugged and Steve pulled Tony into a closer embrace and lightly kissed the top of his head.
Gabe was an asset to keeping him alive, even the baking soda would help, but there was one more thing Steve could do that was probably going to piss off Tony because it’d change the future, but he had to do it. Every little thing would help at this point and Steve was willing to take any risk.
Enjoy Part 2!
He finally figured it out.
His dad had given him a new one for Christmas and it was sitting in his bedroom at Aunt May’s. Peter had originally taken his old camera to the Tower with the idea of repairing the cam system within his lens. But, his dad didn’t have the proper supplies, and Peter never got around to fixing it since he had the new one.
called Steve “beloved” or any other sweet name. His heart skipped a beat and he could not stop the smile that instantly grew on his face. He wanted to kiss Tony right there again and make Tony’s legs feel as shaky as Steve’s were.
When he growled at Natasha, Bucky was operating on instinct, a trait he had developed as the Winter Soldier. It had been the second time she kneed him in the gut and it was one time too many. He rolled them over again so she was the one pinned to the ground. Natasha retaliated by digging her hands into his throat. He felt the squeeze to his larynx and knew her guard was down. Before she could put up her defenses, he drew back his right fist and punched her across the face. Had he used his metal left arm, he might have punched her head clear off. He still had enough semblance not to kill her.
“Going to see my lawyers, ladies,” Tony stated. There was a raised counter in front of their desk, on it was a cup of pens and the sign-in book. Tony grabbed one of the pens and quickly wrote out his name and sprawled his illegible signature beside it. Tony turned to Steve and smiled warmly at him. He leaned into him as he held out the pen and murmured, “Here, your turn.”
He was then given a blanket and headphones. After watching the passenger in front of him, he realized the headphones plugged into the glowing box in front of him and, with absolute fascination, Steve scrolled through the easy to navigate screen. He found a movie about Captain America. The cover was of a blond man in his uniform, clutching what must have been the woman playing Peggy close to his chest.
“Are you gay?”
“Sir, the tower is under attack,” Jarvis informed them as the tower shook with another rumble. “It is being done by a group of super humans…From the few I have been able to scan, it seems these are what remains of the detainees who escaped SHIELD last year.”
Peter heart clenched as did his hands and he whispered, “Please don't talk like that.” He pulled Wade into a tight embrace and buried his face into his neck as he stated, “I don't want to lose you either, Wade. I don't even want to imagine it, so, please, don't ever say it.”
His father was still waiting for an answer so Tony simply shrugged.
“I know but –,” Steve started to say.
He was in a bed and stiff bandages covered his body. As his consciousness returned, so did the aches from barely muffled pain meds doing their job. He shifted, trying to dispel the ache but it didn’t work.
Between the emotional turmoil of forever losing his son, being drunk, Mary coming and offering to help Bruce, and then Steve making love to him in a frenzy, Tony unsurprisingly fell asleep once his husband was done with him.
“…If that’s fine by you?” Tony had just assumed…
Bucky wrapped his arm around Steve’s shoulders and his tiny friend curled into his side. He had never displayed such vulnerability to Bucky before and he kept his lips sealed tight about it.
Steve nodded and cradled Tony’s face for a second before leaning down and kissing him again.
It would be better this way.
She smiled sadly and whispered, “Yes, it is.”
He brought it out of the closet and sat with it on his bed. He shot a few test pictures and found the images were still blurry. He took it apart to finally figure out what was going on inside.
His body was warm and lay on a soft mattress. Legs were tangled with his and another body was pressed against his front. He'd recognize that body anywhere.
The same one that was in his hands when he was looking for an answer.
Tony rolled his eyes and said, “Tell that old-bat I am not going anywhere so she’s just going to have to get used to it.”
“But what if you cohabited?”
Steve stopped talking and waited for Tony’s response with abated breath.
“…He had to watch the person he loved most in this world die in front of him…” Tony paused and reached over to tightly grasp Steve’s hand. He whispered in a rougher voice, “To be given a second chance at that love is more than a blessing…it’s a gift, I’ll forever cherish it.”
“Peter,” was all he needed to say and all three men looked to the bunny and saw him gone. Clint ran down the hall behind Steve to double check the rest of the floor and Sam ran to the others. Bucky looked like he was going to be sick.
Steve returned to Tony’s side and glad to see he was still sleeping.
Tony slumped in his seat, finally understanding what she was getting at. He murmured, “It’s not like that…”
started dating,” Peter groaned and flushed with embarrassment.
Tony leaned into Steve’s touch, grateful for his unwavering support. He wasn’t completely alone…
Tony grinned, the first one that seemed genuine since the first videos of Steve and Bucky’s kiss were broadcast on the networks, and it warmed Steve’s heart.
Satisfied that no one would interrupt them, Tony leaned into a tree and, wearing his most flirty expression, he smiled coyly at the super soldier. Tony murmured, “I’ve been thinking…”
Harry nodded and ran away.
Steve’s eyes snapped back to Tony. If this was orchestrated by the Red Skull then he was here for Steve. This had nothing to do with Clint or his family. It was revenge. Against him or Dr. Erskine or both of them. And it was glaringly obvious how he was going to hurt Steve.
Finally, Ben gasped, “You haven’t changed since the last moment I saw you.”
The Goblin was going to finally make his move. They had to return the reactor after the Goblin took it but before Tony would need it. It was going to be a very slim window for them to work in. With Jarvis monitoring the entire house, they, the Goblin, and even Obadiah Stane had to wait to strike when Stane’s reset brought down the entire system for a mere twenty minutes.
The lights on stage were too bright to see out into the crowd but he knew his son and close friends were mixed into the crowd, waiting to see his eccentric wedding.
He didn’t even notice the obvious signs that this thing was dangerous. Looking back on it now it was glaringly obvious but Wade had been too enamored to take note. It was his fault this got so bad. Maybe if he’d noticed sooner, Venom wouldn’t have gotten so strong and –.
“Oh, yes I do,” Steve murmured, gladdened by the flirtatious tone of Tony’s voice. He hated that Tony still felt even the remotest pain. After everything Tony had been through, Steve wanted to give him everything and make him the happiest person alive. He deserved no less.
He clenched his jaw so tightly that he feared his teeth might pop.
His heartbeat was slow but it was there. He was alive but barely. She sighed in relief and stated into her communicator, “I have him.”
The Goblin jumped from his ledge and landed in front of Steve. The ground beneath him crumbled underneath his weight in a circular crater. The Goblin stood and hissed, “The boy is mine and I want him back.”
Steve sighed, “I’m happy for you, sweetheart…I just wish it didn’t involve such a risky surgery…”
He remembered that sound of the same shrill beep and a throbbing pain in his arm.
“M-Ma’am?” The officer sputtered, taken aback by the fact a civilian was questioning him.
happier.”
Norman’s people brought Harry over almost every day after school and that only increased once the boys were freed from their school schedule.
“You will only hurt yourself,” Tony countered and cautiously stepped back from Steve’s bedside. His husband made no move to rise again so Tony continued his cautious steps backwards to where his suit was waiting for him. Tony continued, “If you go out there, not only will you endanger yourself but you’ll be a distraction to me and the rest of the team.
Tony changed his course to talk to the man himself.
“Inside, May,” Ben whispered. He pushed his wife inside and waved them inside. Steve and Tony exchanged glances then Tony shrugged and stepped up the stairs. Steve followed, his gut felt heavy as he lifted his legs to ascend the stairs.
Tony leaned into Steve’s hold and looked down at his cards. He studied the words for a moment then slammed them face down on the podium. Behind them, Pepper groaned.
it was made by your favorite band.”
She moved slowly so was just exiting the room as the quinjet came in for a landing. Steve rushed over to it and caught his husband just as he stumbled out of the vehicle. Tony slid from Clint’s hold to Steve’s with a relieved groan.
“I got it from here, Nat,” Steve said. Natasha holstered her gun and walked over to him by the elevator.
Steve leaned forward and nuzzled his face into the crook of Tony’s throat. This time it was Tony who twitched but he too relaxed. He wound his arms around Steve and his hands kneaded into the muscles of Steve’s back.
“Because…it’s the right thing to do,” Steve replied.
Tony was too much of a coward to step forward and right it. It was done and Tony’s heart couldn’t take anymore.
Steve woke with a sharp gasp, reaching out to the bloody Tony.
He missed him so much…
The pressure released his chest and Tony could not but feel a little down. So much for that fantasy.
Eddie put his hand on the stopcock of the burette and whispered humbly, “If this works, we’ll have enough to make the bio-shield and then we can start the test sessions.”
“I was supposed to return after I killed Natasha. They won’t attack me at first and, once I am in the heart of the operation, I will create a commotion. My mas-…” He paused, his mouth becoming a hard, thin line momentarily before he continued, “
Peter almost did not notice his next guest, as Bucky entered silently and stood off to the side. It was only when Steve called out a greeting to his friend did Peter’s head snap in the direction of his newest uncle.
“We should have taken a less noticeable car if we were going to do reconnaissance,” Steve sighed and stepped out of the car. Tony also got out and waited for him to round the car and stepped beside him, matching Steve’s stride with his own. When they were close enough, Steve saw recognition filter through Ben Parker’s features. Steve did not know who he recognized, Steve, Tony, or both of them.
Steve knew Tony well enough that his boyfriend had probably come up with over a dozen things to blame himself for, namely the injury Steve received but Steve did not blame him.
Steve planted a firm kiss on Tony’s knuckles and then turned to Peter and beckoned him for another hug.
Natasha tilted her head to the side and asked, “Is it true? Are you two together?”
“Is that Peter?” Steve asked.
–  for Steve’s life.
And he was covered in blood.
“I don’t have a relationship with a female,” Peter replied, almost bitterly.
“But are you?” Tony countered. “In all the years I’ve known you, I have never once seen you in a serious relationship. You’ve hooked up a bunch. I’ve heard the stories on the grapevine. But I’ve never heard you actually try to start something with someone. Why now? And why Peter?”
Pops looked down at Peter and Peter was surprised to see his expression torn.
Also, it looks like there's going to be one more chapter of the couples stories being split and then they'll finally converge!
“Grab a plate and bring it outside,” Steve replied picking up two large plates of hot dogs. Peter picked up a huge platter of corn on the cob and then nodded to the plate of sliced up peppers, onions, and whatnot for Wade to pick up. Wade did just that and followed his boyfriend out in a sort of daze.
“He’s doing his lone wolf routine again,” Natasha supplied, there was an edge to her voice cuing him into her annoyance with Tony’s act too.
“You sure, Cap?” Tony asked in his metallic Iron Man voice. “The air is thin and cold up there.”
Steve called Tony without a second thought. He heard the phone click as the call transferred and, before Tony could get a word in, Steve rushed in and said, “Look, I know I am your least favorite person right now but we are a part of a team. I cannot lead without you at my side and we need to put aside our differences and work together to stop this Mandarin character.”
Steve covertly looked Tony over. Other than a few cuts and bruises he seemed fine but he was still in the clothes he was wearing in the cave so he probably hadn’t received a proper medical check up yet. Steve murmured, “You’re napping right now, aren’t you?”
When the reactor was covered, Howard finally asked, “Did Gabe give you anything for the pain?”
Tony grinned and pressed, “Have more!”
Was this really his life from now on? To have Tony
Peter spent the rest of the night pacing his room and periodically looking at the crumbled business card on his desk.
Steve ignored the soap and shampoo and pushed Tony into the tiled wall and pressed their bodies together.
“I know,” Peter sighed. It was the main reason Steve was put in charge of the team. His dad got a narrow vision when it came to what was good versus bad. Tony knew it too which was why he never fought for the leading role. Glancing at Steve, Peter pointed out, “You’re usually the one to show him the grey side of things.”
Steve instantly was uneasy by the notion. He barely knew the man and what he knew were the quirks that annoyed him…Other than giving him the article to read…that was nice of him.
Tony shot to his feet and flight stabilizing chips, worth thousands of dollars, fell to the floor and shattered. Tony did not care as he exclaimed, “WHAT?! Where’s Steve!? Is he okay?!”
“That’s…That’s your name,” Tony whispered.
“I came to talk science,” Tony said sitting next to his friend.
Steve wanted to go with him but Tony would not hear any of it. It would draw attention if Steve went with him. So Steve stayed behind and prayed to God that his best friend was not trying to kill his boyfriend.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You didn’t sleep at all, did ya, punk?” Bucky tiredly teased.
“Start without me,” Thor called. “I need to have a word with the gatekeeper.”
Every inch of his body felt like it’d been pierced by Venom’s tendrils.
Tony turned off the water and opened the shower door, releasing some of the white fog that had gathered inside. Tony pulled a white towel off the wall then left it on his shoulders, ignoring his wet body and half hard cock.
“But it’s true, isn’t it?” Tony said, jutting out his lower lip.
“Do you want to go first?” Steve offered as he grabbed his washing kit out of his bag.
Regrettably, they had to breathe and end it. They broke with exaggerated moans and happy chuckled and then just stared into each other’s eyes, living in the love of the other’s gaze.
“I’m sure you’ll see eye-to-eye soon,” Steve assured him but Tony just noncommittedly shrugged in response.
More to herself, Ms. Potts gasped, “He…He’s never been with someone so long.”
“I don’t know if Pops told you but I have this power to sense when something bad is going to happen to me and it’s going off right
Tony smirked, running his thumb over Steve’s knuckles, and whispered, “I love you too, beloved. Do you want to find me some blueberry jello to spoon feed me later?”
“Sir, you do realize…” Jarvis began.
no, just – just forget I said that – I can’t think straight – Steve – I’m so sorry, please –! I didn't mean it! Please!”
Steve chuckled and added, “Bucky, Natasha, and Pepper knew. We didn’t tell anyone else to protect the timeline.”
Tony had a faraway look on his face as they drove and seemed to have forgotten Steve was there in the car with him.
Steve fell onto his side next to Tony, huffing as he caught his breath. Tony was also breathing deeply and Steve’s eyes were drawn to his chest to watch how he breathed with the reactor sitting in the middle of it.
Steve unbuttoned Tony’s jeans next and Tony presses his face into Steve’s shoulder as it was conveniently there. He then kissed it and then pressed another kiss closer to his neck and then another actually on his neck. His pants dropped and Steve put his hands on his hips and pulled their bodies closer together. Steve also kissed Tony’s neck and then they lifted their heads and looked at each other. This was the first time they were alone since the Battle of New York. The fact that they both nearly died seemed to occur them both in that moment because both of them surged toward the other and they met in a needy, desperate kiss.
Tony said, walking up to him with an uneasy smile. Of course, the same day he and Steve picked to grab the infinity stone would be when his father would be on base.
“But you did not check in with the army as soon as you woke. Instead, you came here and neglected your duties. You are still a Captain in the U.S. Army, Rogers, and you are currently AWOL.”
They sat next to each other at the kitchen table, with the team surrounding them on both sides. He put his hand on Steve’s thigh and would sometimes move his fingers closer to the inner seam just to feel his muscles flex beneath his hand. Steve put his hand over his, encouraging him to stay and continue.
Tony tried to relax against him but Steve was suddenly kissing him. First, gently on the top of his head, but then he pulled Tony’s head back and his lips trailed down his face until he reached his mouth. Steve’s mouth was hot and wet and he softly but thoroughly kissed Tony, making his toes curl.
But Bucky…
“Steve?” Tony whispered, unable to fathom what he did to his boyfriend just yet. He stared back at Steve's face, refusing to look down and see the horror he created.
Bucky shot into attention and stated, “You are my mission.”
Firstly, they approached it differently. Tony was in high spirits and had spent the night prior talking in the third-person. Saying things like: “Dad is now sitting on the couch” or “Dad is leaving the room.” It drove both Peter and Steve up the wall.
“Wow,” Steve gasped. It was like something out of a science fantasy novel…and now it was his home.
Still staring at his lap, in Russian, he murmured, “I know it was stupid but I could not help it…I miss you, love. Don’t you miss me?”
“I do,” Tony whispered hoarsely. “I do have a son.”
Coulson shook his head and replied, “I refuse to take it.”
Tony shot Steve. He felt the pressure change in his blasters as they cut through his body. Everything that was under the heart of the blasters must have been destroyed: flesh, bone, organs…How much could Steve heal? How much could he survive before it was too much?
A lot had changed but the first,
“It’s too late,” Steve whispered. Peter’s arms were free and grasped at Steve’s arms. Venom was almost completely off him. It was not long now. Steve quickly gasped, “I’m proud of you. I’m always proud and I will always love you.”
“If you do go to them, take me with you,” Tony said, his eyes still lingered on the swimming bear. He continued, “It will be emotional. You’ll need a friend.”
There was no way in Hell, Steve was going to let Tony die.
Peter froze and then he murmured, “You sure?”
Natasha and Coulson were the last to arrive and the last to be invited so they soon lit the three red candles on the cake and Steve stole Peter away from his game to carry him to the cake. Everyone began to sing happy birthday in unison and Peter clapped excitedly. When he saw the cake itself, he still and gasped, “That’s for me??”
If these events were still in motion, Tony's future might not have changed and may occur after all, but...
Tony lay back onto the bed with a frustrated huff and stared calculating at the ceiling. Steve crossed his arms over Tony’s chest and rested his chin on top of the crossed appendages. He suggested, “We can jerk each other off again or give each other blow jobs?”
“We’d be trending on the taco thread,” Wade pointed out with a grin. “I bet we’d even be in the top post section for the taco tag for the rest of Instagram’s existence.”
He threw the ball and hit Eddie right in the middle of his forehead.
“Let me go in!” Wade demanded. “It’d probably rather hurt me than Peter! I can ta…”
and that most likely hurt a lot of people, damaged machines, and destroyed property! If we do this again, it needs to be in a secure area!”
She got to her feet and slipped out of the room as quickly as she said her name. The others wordlessly parted for her and watched her leave with troubled expressions.
Tony shrugged it off and went back to the bed where the mechanic’s uniform lay. It was a plain, tan, one-piece jumpsuit with the Army’s insignia on it. He could make it work. Tony slipped it on over his clothes and it fit fine except…
“I will come to visit as soon as I can. And if you need me, for anything, –
One of Natasha’s eyebrows rose a fraction and she said, “So this is only a nice fuck.”
He imagined their happy families and joy and laughter…
Bucky was a morning person but when sitting with the entire team, especially with Natasha in the room, he was silent. Today, however, he was nowhere to be seen.
wrong. Was there some kind of dastardly villain headed their way? Or was his mother’s lab going to explode?
“What level of marksman are you?” Steve countered.
Wade smirked and ran his head over his scalp. He seriously retorted, “I don’t want you being dragged in the mud with me…I’m just as different on the outside as I am on the inside and people don’t like different.”
Bucky’s chest was heaving as he gasped for breath and he was refusing to meet Steve’s eyes by staring at a point above Steve’s shoulder. He looked confused and scared. Steve tentatively reached out and grasped Bucky’s arm. He whispered, “I am fine. I-I understand, Buck.”
Tony suddenly pushed one of his holograms to Steve and said, “It’s just like a touch screen except you can only see it and not feel it.”
He stopped touching himself and his head fell forward in defeat. He hadn’t been able to touch himself ever since his reunion with Peggy. It felt wrong. She was no longer the girl he was falling for…she had lived a lifetime without him and even imagining her young left a bad taste in his mouth because he knew it was nothing more than a fantasy.
SHIELD was the one that was most infiltrated. When they rooted out Hydra, because there was no “if” in this scenario,
Used to his eccentrics, Logan leaned on the wall beside him and grunted in response. He was drinking out of a beer can that Wade recognized as being one of Logan’s favorites from Canada. Aw, Stark thought of everyone.
Jarvis looked down at the moniker on its chest and then gestured to it and asked, “Are you referring to the company’s logo?”
A week after his confession, they were making love again, this time Tony was facing him as he pounded into him. He stared up at Steve with such affection that Steve could easily mistake it for love.
Conflict warred within Steve.
It was only after Bucky needed his metal hand repaired, after being impaled by Natasha, that Bucky and Tony were forced to interact. Tony originally only said he would repair the hand because Steve asked it of him but he quickly became fascinated by the mechanics of the arm.
“…We will get him eventually,” the man replied. “…But we have been looking for him for months and this isn’t the first time he’s slipped through our fingers…”
“O-Our –,” Steve finally grabbled.
He did just that and he had to muffle his mouth to keep from making a noise.
Steve hovered over him, checking to see if he was breathing and worriedly touching his chest.
“Bruce,” Tony countered with the same level tone.
…Had he imagined it all?
Tony winced and whispered, “I thought you were dead…”
Knowing Sam would overhear, Steve assured him, "Everything will be alright. Remember when me marrying a robot man from the future and raising a spider son with him would've sounded like an insane fairy tale to us? It's not as far-fetched as what you are about to attempt."
Peter was hurt –
bulge at the juncture in his thighs.
“Romanoff made a deal with the Winter Soldier. She promised him two weeks of freedom to tell us the location of the Captain. He’ll most likely use the time to disappear,” Coulson replied.
They traveled all day and left behind the forest to open, bumpy country roads. It was all open fields and some ruins of buildings that looked like they’d been burned down recently. The only people in the area were the 107
that R-Richard is my birthfather! Wha—Why are you doing this?!” Peter looked between them angrily with hurt shadowed in his eyes. He continued, “Is this some sick game you guys play on poor kids? Some fucked up Cinderella story?!”
His fear spiked and the loss of Tony sent a jolt of fear through him so powerful Steve’s eyes finally snapped open.
Peggy sighed and gently brushed some of the hair off Tony’s face. She whispered, “I wanted to get the two of you together again but not this way…”
“Yes, Pete,” Bucky sighed. “And I want you two to know it just in case someone uses the trigger words on me around either of you. But that is the only time you are allowed to use it. Don’t listen to Tony, this isn’t to be used as a prank.”
Steve was not wearing anything in conceal his identity, in fact, he wore a dark navy shirt with a white star, similar to his Captain America uniform. He wanted to draw attention to himself. He wanted there to be no doubt who he was.
Tony’s eyes then took in the drawing his father had made on the same page and he settled back into his chair as he read his father’s excited notes on the captured Hydra base.
He was only positive about one thing…
“I am sorry, Peter, I cannot do that.”
“Submit another request,” Coulson monotoned.
Bucky glanced at Steve then cautiously explained, “…You know, before I moved in I did not remember who I was.”
“You knew he was going to die,” Steve gasped, his voice rough with emotion. It wasn't a question. He knew the answer but he had to hear Tony say it and then tell him why. He
Steve smiled at him again and cupped Tony’s jaw, running his thumb over the hard line of the bone. Steve’s eyes slowly trailed over Tony’s features, like he was ingraining this moment into memory.
Tony broke up with him and he had haltingly told Steve it was because of the very rules Steve came up with. He ruled out the first two quickly neither had been affectionect in public nor had Steve's status been leaked to the press.
-shattering.
Steve took the bait and kissed that same lip. He then whispered into his mouth, “Being that I find you more beautiful every day I see you, yes, I think I would…”
Steve grasped his shoulder and nodded, hoping Tony was right. He closed eyes and prayed they wouldn’t be too late.
my mission. Why did you go against the directive?”
“She really is alive??” Steve hissed, stepping closer to Norman. Millions of questions streamed through his mind but mainly he wanted to know, why did no one know?
The future was now an empty slate and Tony couldn’t help but be excited about it.
Steve unhooked his own from where it was hanging on the wall and whispered, “This is really happening…”
“Please, by all means, stop right now.”
Steve rolled his eyes as he pulled away and murmured, “You’re incorrigible.”
“Your mess and my mess just fit,” Peter retorted, lightly kissing one damp cheek followed by the other. Peter lay back down and snuggled his way back to where he had been before and whispered, “You weren’t the only broken one…You are my miracle too.”
if the same thing happened to you. Beware of Hydra’s bite, Tony…” Tony felt a twinge of jealousy toward this Howard. Why was he being so affectionate to his son? Howard continued, “Where there are two heads there’s twice as much teeth. Don’t you dare let that monster sink its teeth into you.”
Tony broke their kiss with a light curse and clutched his chest. Steve pulled back and worriedly undid his shirt. Steve could see where the reactor was beneath the bandages thanks to a smudgy circle beneath on the once stark white bandages. Steve couldn’t remember the number of times he’d taken these bandages off Tony but they never looked like that... His hands moved automatically but they shook as the loosened bandages released more smoke and Tony tightly gripped his shoulder as the smoke billowed more thickly.
With Natasha, the Soldier began to learn the meaning of peace. He’d grown used to a ridged, routine life and always being on his guard. He was not used to having someone he could trust to have his back. He found it relaxed the muscles in his upper back from their usual tense tightness and helped him sleep easier.
“And do you, punk –
Natasha stepped closer to him, getting into his personal space. Tony instantly felt uneasy but continued to meet his glare with hers.
“Did you get bigger?” Steve gasped. “I could have sworn you were this big last I saw you!” He held up his hand and cupped his fingers to replicate the size of a small hamster.
Steve wanted to keep his identity a secret but he also did not want to leave behind his shield and the rest of his uniform. It was all he had left of his old life and the only real proof of who he was.
With great power, comes great responsibility.
After a few kisses, Tony chuckled, “It’s so strange kissing you with a beard…”
Bruce did not look up when Steve entered. The scientist was peering at his computer screen and was rubbing his head continuously as if he had a migraine. His face was gaunt and had dark circles under his eyes. He looked absolutely exhausted and Steve could not remember the last time he had seen him sleep. He was mumbling to himself and only once Steve was close enough was he able to distinguish what exactly he was saying.
It was the faint smell of coffee that roused Tony and he crawled out of his tent with disheveled hair and a grumpy frown.
He had to face the facts: Tony was only in this to help Steve and mess with the media. There was no question that Tony physically liked being with Steve. He could not fault Tony for his actions. He was never one for serious relationships. Tony thought this was all an act. He did not realize Steve was so enamored with him so Steve needed to get a handle on his emotions.
“Holy Crap, it’s Cap,” the Clint hissed as his eyes focused on the image. In a blur of motion, he drew out his phone with quick reflexes.
He held out the device to Steve with an air of expectation. Steve gingerly accepted it then stared blankly at it. What was he supposed to do now? Should he play along? There were numbers on the phone though there was no rotary to spin. He knew no one with a phone to call and if he needed to contact someone in the military he usually went through operators.
“Get this off of me!” Tony yelped, motioning to the damaged and melting armor. Steve tore into it, ignoring the flesh of his hands cut and burn beneath the metal. He could heal quickly, Tony couldn’t. He grasped Tony’s hand and pulled him out of the remains of his suit.
The man moved so fast Steve had no time to react. One moment, the man was inert and, the next, he was twisting beneath Steve’s hand and kicking his shield and sending him flying into the opposite wall.
Adjusting his robe, Steve quickly exited his bathroom, crossed his bedroom, and swung open his door.
–!” His heart lurched as he remembered what he did to Steve.
“Please come home by then otherwise your father might have an aneurism,” Steve interceded.
For that second their lips met, the world around them melted away. He could no longer hear the arcade machines or the tittering children. After all of their hiding in the past, it felt like such a relief to be out in the open…to kiss Steve without first looking over his shoulder.
Tony did not notice Steve and was staring miserably at Peter’s workstation as he swayed from his inebriation.
Tony. Peter told me this in confidence but I could tell he was uneasy about revealing the information. He didn’t want this kind of reaction from me, nonetheless you…Tony...Peter is an adult. He knows what he is doing.”
“Tony, thank you but you didn’t have to,” Steve said graciously.
“Babe-?”
“And you still don’t have that high school degree,” Steve added rolling his eyes. “You can still swing around New York and be the neighborhood hero, but you are not joining the Avengers until you are done with high school, no matter what your birth certificate says…”
He was real.
The elevator opened to Tony’s apartment but neither of them moved to leave.
The lightening coming off the reactor all clustered together and surged upward. Steve grabbed Tony’s dangling arm and swung him up. Using the inertia, he threw him clear of the blast and let go.
That’s right, according to the files, Bucky didn’t fall. Tony did that...but how’d they both end up on the plane? Why hadn’t Tony stopped them??
Marston’s frown deepened and he asked, “Then what are we going to talk about? The Stock Market?”
Tony grinned and said, “War wound? The ladies will swoon.”
Bucky cautiously closed the distance between and reached out to touch Steve. Steve did not move, not wanting to scare his addled friend. Bucky’s hand hovered at the side of his face as if to cup his cheek.
Tony nodded and agreed, “No, we’ll stop them. The only monumental change that had occurred was our relationship so something must have happened because of it...Ending it will hopefully save Steve.”
Steve grasped both of his hands and said, “I’ll hold you to it.”
“General Ross?!” Tony hissed as he recognized the man. He knelt next to Steve and grabbed him as if to lift him up. Steve maneuvered Peter between them and out of the General’s sight. Ross moved his gun with Peter and Tony gasped, “What are you doing??”
. He hummed unintelligibly in response and took a noisy slurp out of his cup.
It was a picture of them together. Steve had taken it himself, practicing selfies with his phone. Steve was smiling in the photo and Tony had kissed his cheek in the last second, totally catching him by surprise. Steve had playfully shoved him after and they had laughed before they tried again and Tony had actually posed and smiled in the next photo.
They shook hands and exchanged slime from their respective trash. Both of them grimaced and flicked off the slime.
"I love ya, too, Stevie...I'll - I'll try," Bucky tentatively promised.
“She is not going to kill them,” Steve scoffed. He sat on the ground next to Peter and Peter paused in his stretching to give Steve his full attention. Steve continued, “Your aunt is going to give them the same lecture she just gave us, but she might be a little harsher on Uncle Bucky. And I doubt she is going to stop training you and I bet she has already forgiven you for the duplicity…And, no, she does not have mindreading powers.” Steve chuckled on the last statement but as he thought on it, he realized it was no laughing matter. Natasha with mind powers was frightening.
Maybe once Tony started working with him, once he let him in on what Howard was doing, he would finally understand and not hate Howard as much. He prayed he could change this aspect of the future at least. He did
“Tony…What would you have me do? How else can we save Peter?” Steve wrapped his arms tightly around his husband and felt him tremble more violently beneath his touch. With a shuddering gasp, Steve begged, “
Tony internally cursed. He hadn’t told any of the surviving Commandos he had returned from the future nor that Bucky had survived. He initially been mourning Steve and then been so busy with helping Bucky heal…he knew Bucky wouldn’t be able to handle the meeting when he first woke so he never brought it up to either party.
“Pete, I loved and trusted a man with loose morals and I looked the other way because he was there for me when my father died. Do you know what he did to me in the end?”
“…And I love you,” Tony whispered the direct endearment to his soulmate for the first time. He reached out and squeezed Steve’s hand, smiling warmly at him. He felt like his love was practically oozing out of his pores. This man had so encompassed his very soul that he could barely live without him.
“What are you talking about?! It’s brilliant!” Tony exclaimed.
The drive home was quick, made more so by Tony taking sharp turns and speeding.
She didn't expect the Winter Soldier to be waiting for her.
Peggy had yet to use the tent so the table was empty and Steve didn’t pause to lay Tony down on it. With his arms free, he leaned over Tony and cupped his face, running his thumbs over his cheekbones. He was so worried for him and Tony looked so scared, neither of them really thought about it. As soon as Steve’s hands were on his face, Tony wound his arms around the back of his neck and pulled him in. They kissed passionately as their fear obliterated their reason and they kissed more for comfort than for passion.
“Your disguise is impeccable,” Steve commented when he was within earshot. Tony grinned and adjusted his glasses on the bridge of his nose.
“What are we waiting for?” Peter asked with a husky voice. Wade’s entire body shuddered and Peter grinned wickedly at him. Peter proceeded to crawl down Wade’s body, pressing kisses into his skin every time one of his legs scooted back. Wade watched breathlessly as Peter got closer and closer to his bulging crotch. Peter's fingers undid the top button and he kissed the patch of skin beneath.
Steve adjusted to his era with ease and became an essential part of what was growing into their strange, little family.
Steve picked up the pacifier and rinsed it off in the sink while Tony hummed a Led Zeppelin song under his breath. Peter buried his face into Tony’s chest and his sobs became muffled and then puttered off into a quieter cry.
Peter ignored the other woman and rubbed the back of his head to try to comfort himself and brush away the sudden surge of bashfulness. He ducked his head to hide the flush growing on his cheeks and kicked absently at the ground. He murmured, “Yeah, it’s me…” He paused then remembered his manners and said, “It’s nice to meet you.”
The angered Avenger roared and then leapt in the direction of Brock.
“It was fucking stupid,” Tony hissed. “He could have killed you.”
Tony’s hand suddenly shot out and grasped Steve’s arm tightly and, in a grave, serious voice, he hissed, “Steve!”
son, are you still worried about Father’s Day?”
“Steve, I –,” Tony began but was cut off by another explosion and Tony grunting in pain. Steve eyes were glued to the television screen before him, looking for any signs of his boyfriend in the crumbling house.
Tony paled slightly but assured Bucky, “Zola will be captured!”
Steve gently lay the dead man down and his eyes scanned the horizon.
"Told ya we had to find another way home. Now make it snappy. Nat doesn't believe me that we defeated Thanos without her and she wants to see Clint, the kid, and the others.  Preferably in that order but she can manage whichever order they come in."
So Peter did just that. He pulled him father into a hard embrace and buried his face into the man’s shoulder. Tony's arms whipped around him in seconds and he also pressed his face into Peter's shoulder. He gasped, “I love you, son.”
Fix now.
His eyes met Steve’s as he returned to the table and he reassessed that prior thought…this era wasn’t completely limited.
It turned out much bigger than I expected...like two chapters shoved into one. XD
Tony did not reply. He did lean back into the couch and grabbed one of the pillows to clutch to his chest.
“No, I just want to spend some time with you,” Steve replied with a warm smile.
“Peter…you’re not the only one at fault here…Your dad…” Steve sighed heavily and Peter glanced up at the man. Upset was clear on his face.
He had that chance now but…but Tony was also scared to hear those answers. Especially from this man who was nothing like the one he had known in the future…
Steve just said was so adorable it made me want to kiss him all over! If you told her how you felt you might elicit a similar reaction.” Steve grinned at Tony as his statement made him want to kiss him too.
The next day, Tony acted like the confrontation never happened. He was laughing and asking about the Red Skull and just wanted to play like he always did.
Steve’s lips pinched more and he looked down as he grasped Tony’s hand and whispered, “I wish there’s more I could do for you…”
!” Tony hissed. “I thought we destroyed them…
Steve looked from Tony’s smile to the reactor and then back again and then gasped, “You-You did it?”
Peter’s bunker was a small room with a bunk bed, a fridge, and a complete entertainment system. Peter was sitting on the top bunk and was wringing his hands together as he watched the news. He had watched his family fight dozens of times before but usually one of them stayed behind with him…and never before was their home attacked.
Tony icily stated, “This feeling won’t just leave if you find a solution for separating Peter from Venom. And, if you betray us, the guilt would exponentially worsen. Still, guilt is a tricky thing. It lingers and festers. Even when a wrong is righted it does not disappear.”
“But Peter is so cute and he has your eyes, no one can say no to those eyes when they get all big and adorable and blue and…”
“2009,” Steve supplied.
“They’re splitting us up,” Steve growled, ripping the note off the wall. “This is a trap.”
He whispered, “I’m sorry too…” For all the pain they caused each other, for being the one to first want a relationship that’d only end in heartbreak, for leaving him first in death…
Wade stepped up to him and whispered, “Of course.”
“Aren’t I Pops?” Steve asked curiously.
Eddie shuffled the reports at his desk and peeked at Peter from the corner of his eyes and asked, “We cool?”
“Steve, the doctors said to take it easy this week,” Tony whispered breathlessly.
“Okay,” Steve replied, glad to see the hot dogs had reached the table before Bucky took his fall.
Peter also had a cup of coffee and how only taken a single sip since he got it. It was no longer as burning hot as it was when he first got it but was at least slightly warmer than room temperature.
…It was the only thing I had let change…We’re not going to be together anymore, so I don’t know what more I can do to change back the future…”
“Of course, but –,” the other replied but got no chance to reply as Father Michael snatched the keys off the wall and threw their stolen keys at the other.
Peter took a step toward the door but Happy jumped in front of him, gasping, "At least let me check the grounds!"
Coulson refocused all his senses to pick this person out and walked into the other room, following the sound of Stark’s whining.
Both Tony and Steve looked to Coulson and their relationship problems were instantly put on the backburner.
He made no attempt to find help and simply collapsed where Venom freed him. Trembling and gasping for air, he frantically tried to think of a way to escape Venom.
Tony took the list and Pepper turned away, still deep into an argument with the head of the New York Philharmonic on her cell phone.
In the last few years, Peter was beginning to notice his fathers had aged in more ways than one. Physically, they had both changed differently. Dad’s once dark hair was now sprinkled with grey and his wrinkles, which he jokingly called ‘laugh lines,’ had become more pronounced and numerous. Pops had no grey hair but his blond hair had grown lighter as if it had faded with age and was preparing for the greys to come. He also had similar ‘laugh lines’ as Dad. Most noticeably, he had grown pronounced crow’s feet at the corners of his eyes which he was absolutely ecstatic about as it was a sign that he was not immortal despite the number of times he came back to life from mortal injuries.
“Why didn’t you tell us this was happening?” Bucky demanded, ignoring Tony’s weak attempt at a joke. He crossed his arms over his chest and glared at Tony, waiting for a serious response.
Tony mumbled something incomprehensible and wrapped his arms around his husband’s torso tightly. He was tempted to check his phone to see the updates Friday had been sending him on Peter but forwent it to stay pressed against Steve.
“Papa, I wanna tauch!” Steve’s son pulled on his baseball cap with one hand and reached out eagerly with the other to one of the many bushes that lined the trails to Central Park.
“So, is Wade a part of the Avengers now?” Rhodes asked. “…On that note, how did all of us join? We all were kinda just thrown together?”
!” He grasped Bruce’s arm and hissed, “I…I need to tell him how sorry I am. Hurting him nearly killed me.”
He was soon completely enclosed in a cocoon. Light was still leaking through as the shield was opaque enough in some places. Peter stated, “I think it’s encasing me in an all-encompassing shield for better protection...”
Peter came to a stop facing the sliding glass door to the balcony. His eyes were not on the cityscape but the reflection of his stepfather as he exited the kitchen and walked over to Peter.
that it was only a research mission. We went in thinking we would not need to fight…It’s because of that mistake they were able to kill Richard so easily…”
“He’s already remembering,” Pepper breathlessly gasped.
She told him he was in New York to which he countered, “Where am I really?”
“Do what?”
Howard snapped the welder back sharply when he was done. He breathed shallowly as carefully picked up the chip. It hadn’t shattered but would it still work?
Thank you to everyone who has been reading, just started reading, left kudos, bookmarked, or commented! All your positive feedback (and cries of terror) are greatly appreciated! XD
Steve smirked and murmured, “You were more than a little distracted…”
“Is everything alright?” Bucky inquired, making Tony jump.
Tony released one arm and, with his shirt still partially on, he grasped Steve’s hips and thrust his hips into his. Steve stapled his elbows on either side of Tony’s head and met his thrusts with his own. They stared at each other as they gasped shallowly and rubbed their sexes together in a clothed but amazing friction.
of us,” Bucky commented dryly from the couch, he was listening in but did not look up from the newspaper.
Tony was still smiling like an idiot but Steve’s eyes were dancing and his smile was radiant. Tony did not care how stupidly happy he looked like because he was there in his kitchen sharing breakfast with the love of his life and they were probably going to be doing this the rest of their lives.
Steve ran his hand through his hair and replied, “Yeah, Tony wanted a few more words with him…What will you be teaching him today?”
“I have a feeling they’re no longer disbanded, J,” Tony said grimly. “And Steve was responsible for their party’s downfall. Fuck, find me the fastest route to Steve!”
“Superhero? When did you start adding superhero to your list?” Steve asked sarcastically.
Pops was indestructible. He had survived being frozen in the artic for 70 years and no villain had ever been able to best him.
“—and don’t forget the eggrolls, Jarvis,” Tony commanded, drawing Steve out of the comatose state he was in.
The entire plane was coated with ice and snow just like the cockpit. It was quiet and his footsteps reverberated through the body of the aircraft like loud drumbeats. Within the main body, the smaller planes and their bombs which were going to be used to destroy major American cities were also frozen over, most were on their sides and had broken open. They were burned black by fires long ago burnt out. Enough time had passed that the smoke no longer lingered and ice had slicked over the metal that had melted.
He kept his eyes on his target the entire flight.
Peter’s head snapped over to Steve, who stood behind Tony, and he gasped, “Please, don’t tell me he’s serious.”
Tony looked over the scan of the decades old report one last time before finally replying, “I think this warrants another call to Coulson.”
