Steve lifted his foot, and as Tony found himself scrabbling for air again, that same foot landed into his ribs. The tips of his soles digging into his flesh. Tony coughed and grunted in pain. He knew this reaction couldn't be good for his body, but since when has he cared about his personal well being? He knew that Steve wasn't using all of his strength, which frustrated Tony, even though he knew he should be grateful. Steve could kill him if he wanted. Still, in his current state, Steve could slit his throat and Tony would probably come buckets before bleeding out on his priceless Turkish rug.
“I’m gonna come please—just let me—“
Steve laid onto the soft sheets, backing up against the plush pillows and humming softly when Tony touched him again. One by one, the clasps on his garters were undone. Tony didn’t rush, and that in itself made Steve feel heated once more. With each metal closing slowly being removed, he gradually grew impatient, restless and hard-- well harder.
“Because he will take you away from me if he gets the chance!” David screams at him.
“I am with Steve on that one! I haven’t liked you since the first day!” Happy agreed with Steve.
“Steve! Tony is an adult like the rest of us and he is capable of making his own choices! And if he wants to date this David guy he is free to do so!” Bucky explained to him when he complained about Tony spending all his time with David and logically he knew and understood that it was normal to spend more time with the new partner in the beginning of a relationship. But his gut was telling him that something was completely off with David and he was no good for Tony. “Are you sure that it isn’t just jealousy talking? I mean you have had a thing for him for over ten years but you have acted on it!”
’ Tony had explained to him when he had taken him to the doctor to patch him up. His eyes framed by his plucked eyebrows, something Steve had been told was a necessary evil when you have Italian blood running in your veins. His skin had always been flawless; Steve couldn’t recall a single time Tony had a pimple on his face, even in his teenage years. But the thing he adored most about Tony was the eyes that could be coffee colored if he was angry or upset or hazel when he was truly happy and comfortable in his surroundings and it was something he could never get quite right when he was drawing.
“What is this?” Tony wonders.
He stood by the counter and considered if it was worth getting a bit late to work to clean up the kitchen. But then he realized that he wouldn’t a
He went down to the kitchen and ate the plate of food Natasha must have left there, almost inhaling it before going to the car and start the drive to the flower shop where he would pick out flowers in different colors and shapes because he knew Tony liked that. He had asked Tony why he preferred those agreements over anything else.
“You know I can handle myself just fine. I always have and I always will. I am grateful that you want to protect me but you don’t have to Tony.” Steve says softly. Tony looks at him and bites his lower lip thinking about Steve was saying and wondering if he was right.
The next year he went away to MIT. He was happier there. Not over the moon happy but happy enough to be around other people with similar interest and most people didn’t seem to mind that he was so young, there were a few others who were also young and he formed a sort of friendship with. One of them was Pepper Potts, or Virginia was her real name but wanted to be called Pepper for some reason, but she would become one of his best friends. Life was better but not good. At least he was away from Howard. But he didn’t dare to do anything like kiss another boy or underage drinking in case it would come back to Howard in some way. So he focused on his school work. He graduated three years later.
It had started when Tony went into product launch mode the first year they had dated and they were about five months in and Steve was certain that Tony had grown sick of him and was just ignoring him when he didn’t pick up his phone for weeks and at the time Steve didn’t have a cellphone so he just had to wait patiently and when Tony came out of his launch mode he apologized over and over again and took Steve away to his house in the Hamptons and they barley left the bed for the entire weekend. And the tradition was born and Steve didn’t need the reassurance anymore like he did that first year but it was always nice to get away with Tony.
“Tony you are not stupid. You did nothing wrong.” Steve assures him softly his fingers itches to touch Tony, to comfort him but he just fists his hands together and waist for Tony to speak
“Happy come on he can’t be alone!” David insists.
“Are you close?” Tony was pressed to his back and he could feel how hard Tony was though his slacks and his breath is hot against his ear and Tony’s was teasing around the perineum with soft touches and touching his balls with a soft hand making Steve buck his hips out and clench down on those stupid beads that just seemed to send out vibration of pleasure on their own accord.
“Hey Tony its Steve. I heard you and David are back together and just wanted you to know that I am here if you need me for anything.”
Bucky did have point and he knew that but he was also certain of his gut feeling, it was never wrong and if he could help Tony out of this in one piece he would feel so much better and not having to worry about his friend ending up in a ditch. Okay maybe he was over reacting but he rather be safe than sorry when it came to Tony. And the thing was that Steve had been on the sideline before, watching Tony start new relationships and Steve had been happy for him and then he had been jealous he knew how that felt, but Tony had always made time for his friends whether it was a night out or game night and always answered calls and text whenever he had time now Steve could send away a text in the morning and he could be happy if he had an answer by the next day!
When he was 19 his mother got cancer and she wouldn’t survive it. They all knew it but still hoped that something would change and she would survive this. Because Tony didn’t know how he would survive without her. Two weeks before he turned 20 she died. Two days before his birthday they buried her. It was a rainy day and his father stood close enough to him to make sure he looked like the loving father but not so close that Tony would believe it. He wasn’t allowed to cry. He was a Stark and Stark men don’t cry even when they lose their mother. Howard held a speech about the strength of his mother, what an amazing woman she was, how much he would miss her and how his love to her would never fade. Tony knew he hadn’t written it because he Howard had never spoken or showed his love for his wife of almost 25 years. That night Tony moved out. He didn’t want anything to do with his father anymore. Howard swore that if he walked out that door he would be cut of form the money and his heritage from Stark Industries and Tony just shrugged his shoulder. He didn’t even want it.
The lack of Love Steve or I’ll see you tonight with a little heart at the end told Tony that Steve was getting ready mentally for tonight. It was a process for the both of them and often started like this. Usually Steve would make something they would both like for dinner or test something new but on nights when they had scenes he only cared if Tony liked it and he would prepare it with the greatest love and care and depending on the night Steve would either sit beside Tony and eat slowly while he was listing to the brunettes day or one of Tony’s own personal favorite was feeding Steve himself while he had the blonde kneeling beside him on the floor.
Steve would be at the party. And he would probably do something stupid when he saw David because that was just who Steve was. Steve had left several messages on his phone he listened to when he was alone and just cried.
“I’ll join him in the kitchen… I’ll just shower and brush my teeth first.” He says somewhat uncertainly. Where do you look when a machine is talking to you? His hand moves up to scratch his neck and when he has to push away the collar he remember it’s there. He blushes slightly before taking it off and put it on the bedside table and goes to the bathroom and take a quick showe and brushes his teeth and then he pulls on some clean sweatpants and a t-shirt that belonged to Tony and the he heads to the kitchen and he smells the food before he even rounds the corner to the hallway. He was starving.
“I don’t care Tony! You agreed to help out with the house when I started working again.”
“I am going to take a nap okay?” Tony mutters and gets more comfortable on Steve’s chest and Steve just tightens his grip around his small frame.
Tony had tried to laugh as the chemo was being pumped into his system but Steve could see that he was terrified and in so much pain, so he had just taken Tony’s hand in his and started talking about the vacation they should take when he was declared free of his cancer.
Tony squinted his eyes. “That just sounds wrong.”
Steve shot him a grin, patted the side of his face, as if chastising a child, and Tony swore it only served to turn him on because he was hard.
“Understand and memorize the submissive part underneath the first rule, which is patience. If you fail to recite this satisfactorily, you’ll be punished. Do I make myself clear?” Again, the tone was stern but at the same time calm; Tony almost shivered.
But as of right now, they have ten seconds, their hands are holding tight enough to ache. Steve’s still on his lap, everything feels slow. In another life, Tony thinks to himself.
Tony feels the sting of disappointment, and then the calm of relief wash over him. Right now, he wouldn’t mind having his mouth full again. Tony opens it gently, and Steve laughs. “You're all the same. Damaged beyond repair.” The observation hurts, but Tony’s been aware of this for years.
Steve rolls his eyes at the “perfectionist” part because of the irony of it all. If he were being honest, he’d admit he finds Tony perfect in his own way, perfect for his needs and perfect enough to sate his lust.
Steve laughed. “You almost have me convinced, but I promise there'll be a lot of those next time.” Steve stood up and made it so they were unbearably close, resting his palm against Tony’s crotch, which made him tremble.
Steve’s life is..fulfilling. Or at least he finds himself trying to fill it. A balance between not enough and too much to handle. The modern day falls under too much, the missions he takes where he’s painfully aware of the distance between him and his teammates falls under that umbrella too. The day to day of getting up when he doesn’t work, keeping himself preoccupied falls under both not enough and too much. Too much alone time, not enough stimuli, too much time to think, not enough distractions. Certain things that fall under his control-- he can open up a good book to distract himself. To take his mind away by reading something as outdated as he is. Sadly, he can’t force his teammates to open up to him or to at least help close the gap a little. He knows its partially his fault. It always is when it comes to building any foundation for a relationship. It’s why he and Jan couldn’t work, it's why he and Sharon didn’t either.
Steve smiled, “Good.”
Adjusting his knees a bit on the hard floor made it so he didn’t slouch. He wanted to focus on the arousal of this situation, being so close to what he wanted but not getting it, they were both in this boat, though Steve embodied the first rule, patience. However, Tony found his own constant need of appraisal annoying and disheartening.
“I’m going to touch you,” said Steve, already beginning to do so with a warm hand on his arm, “and you must not touch me as I do so.” He finished firmly, the same hand wandering down to Tony's pelvis.
“Stark, I’m working,” Steve says, firm yet distant. Tony has to admit, Steve is probably working, but then, he’s also willing to bet that Steve’s probably read over the same sentence five times since Tony’s come in.
“Impossi--” Definitely possible, because as soon as their lips touched again Tony forgot whatever the hell he had planned to say next.
Tony felt himself relax, the pounding in his chest beginning to ease and the tremors stopping.
Tony huffed. “I have something planned, a date thing—“
“Has anyone ever told you how good you look in that uniform? And I can’t help it, I tend to be, over what I want.”
“Don’t be like that. I have something for you.”
“Patience is a virtue, darling,” Tony calls back from the bathroom. “I’m a very unique perfectionist, I thought you would have learned that by now.”
Really, it had started at 6 a.m when Steve finally convinced him to go on a jog with him. Tony had reluctantly agreed, though he'd figured a sweaty Steve Rogers would be worth getting his ass up at an ungodly hour. Steve wouldn't even let him reach for a cup of coffee, the heathen. Nevertheless, Tony had found himself throwing on some sweats, some ratty old t-shirt and running shoes before heading out to meet up with Steve outside.
Tony didn’t take off his clothing, he kept their mouths together, tongues teasing and prodding. Occasionally, Tony bit Steve’s lower lip, making it hurt just enough for the blond to moan or gasp. Tony reached a hand down to grope at Steve’s crotch, and fuck, Steve felt so damn hot. He sounded desperate and needy, but that didn’t matter, all that mattered was Tony touching him.
“Not even a kiss goodbye?”
Tony agreed for once, and Pepper’s eyebrows furrowed in confusion.
Steve looks sharp, the strong lines of his face and his stature always make him look impossibly angular, impenetrable and hard to reach. He’s in a well fitted suit, clearly uncomfortable with sitting on his ass all day, reading over specific outlines and guidelines. He’d rather be out there, physically making it all happen, and Tony understands.
“Y-You— jerk—oh god!” Tony managed between rasped breaths, and Steve was sure that was supposed to come out more potent.
“Stark—“
“No, I’ll take care of myself later this was…this was exactly what I needed.” His breathing was still a bit short as he talked, he was in the process of gathering coherent thoughts again after having them obliterated just a moment ago.
They shook hands, which felt a bit odd to do, since it technically was a date. Tony shrugged it off and sat.
Steve coughed a bit, the mixed drink hitting his windpipe when Tony just so happened to say ‘not a woman,’ “I didn’t say that, I meant different, okay-- just…nevermind.”
Tony smiled. “Not anymore.”
Tony took in a deep breath. He could feel emotions begin to bubble beneath the surface. To put it plainly, he was frustrated, he wanted to be mad at Steve but was mainly at himself. He couldn’t understand what Steve wanted to hear. He was a genius, able to look at a problem from all angles and solve it efficiently, but this time there were missing variables. Tears were burning the brim of his eyes, and he didn’t realize he’d stopped mid-sentence until he began getting out a weak “I can’t do it, Master.”
Steve clears his throat. “What night?”
Tony says nothing, keeping his mouth open and letting drool roll down his chin, not verbalizing how much he wants to be used, but still wanting. Steve shoves his cock back into his mouth, pumping in and out, and Tony moans at the texture hitting his tongue, the taste and the sensation that hikes up his spine.
Nothing else needed to be said, their lips eagerly found each others. Tony rarely experienced kisses that made him weak, kisses that made it feel like he needed to take a step back so his head could stop spinning. Steve reached for his pants and Tony did the same, both pulling each other's cocks out and stroking.
Theoretically, he’s never alone. People are always at his fingertips; the classic tale of a man who has everything but absolutely nothing. Still, he makes himself feel better by routine distractions: the money, the press, and the countless people that go through his bed, a blur of faces he doesn't bother remembering. All of these things are numbers, price tags, tangible items he’d bought, just like the Dolce & Gabbana suit he’s sporting--acquired exclusively from Italy.
Tony sucked his teeth. “Alright, Captain smartass, let’s play the alphabet game. Think of a word that begins with each letter of the alphabet and we go back and forth.”
The guy calls himself “Superior Iron man, the face of the future we need.” He says this confidently, with a proud posture that reads triumph. His real name is Tony Stark, says his file, the morally ambiguous futurist who has too much time on his hands.
It never failed. He forced himself awake because this time he felt bare skin. Steve must have just showered or something, because droplets of water landed on his face. He could picture it now, disheveled hair from a fresh shower, muscles flexing with each step he took; shit, he was getting hard.
“Alright.” It came out weak and defeated. Before he could walk off, Steve’s arm was tight around his waist.
“As long as it’s not french food then I’ll consider it.”
Steve shrugged. “As long as this isn’t the last time I’ll get to see you on your knees.”
Tony smiled at the note, “I knew he liked that nickname.”
Steve landed small kisses along the skin of Tony’s neck, pushing the silk robe a bit to the side to get at more of his shoulders. Tony was responsive. No matter the situation, he searched for more from each passing touch. He loved it when Steve held him close and kissed with enough passion to make him forget the fact that Steve doesn’t say he loves him as often as he'd like him to. Or the fact that his phrasing can be insensitive. Tony was not without fault in that regard, either.
“Captain Rogers, sir.”
Tony rolled his eyes, handing over the required information “I’m sorry, but I could have sworn you were an officer, not a detective.”
“You’ll thank me.”
“To be honest…not exactly sure. I have some movies we can watch, but I thought you’d want some company.”
, when he realized he should be tying his shoe and not staring at his friend's unfortunate (well, actually, very fortunate) situation. For god's sake it wasn’t like Tony had known Steve had a thing for show-casing which direction his dick was pointed (a nicely curved right it would seem), it had just happened.
Tony lifts his head, coughing. He has tears welling in his eyes, but he smiles and wipes his mouth gently, as if touching up make up. Steve’s eyes fall down to Tony’s cock pressed against sheer panties, and then his own jeans. Both have wet spots that can only mean--
“Don’t deny it, you’re eating healthier, cutting back on work, you seem a bit more easy going. You’re totally dating someone.”
Tony restrained a shudder, stepping in before he could seem anymore desperate. He stood towards the bed, feeling nervous again despite himself. The events that transpired last time replayed in his mind like a broken record. He remembered the first rule by heart as usual, but what if he messed up again? Would Steve drop him as a sub altogether? Just the thought of disappointing the man again made him rigid.
“You ready, pet?” Asked Steve.
At any rate, the gallery visitors looked a bit more eccentric, to say the least. It was rare to find someone with a hair color that didn’t come out of a bottle, or someone who wasn’t littered in tattoos. They were all works of art themselves. Needless to say he felt (and looked) out of place, but he tried to focus on the pieces of art themselves. He wasn’t sure why, but this time he felt more inclined to pay attention to the works. Most of it focused on some aspect of nudity. It wasn’t perverse in any sense (no matter how much the twelve year old in him wanted to snicker at the gaggle of dicks). However, any sort of out of place amusement fell once he saw Steve’s art.
“Do you call your dick little soldier?”
“Anything I should pick up?”
Steve’s eyebrows rise. “Yeah, that’s my name. Good job.”
He froze, his throat going dry all of a sudden, and for some reason syllables and coherent thought weren’t making sense.
“Tony,” Steve called out, newspaper still in a firm grip.
“We’ll leave you two lovebirds alone,” the other brunet chimed in.
Tony had a thing for competence, nothing turned him on more than someone who knew what they were talking about and in turn could direct him firmly. He was defiant, and ultimately needed to have some form of control, so testing the waters and pushing people was what he naturally did. Steve, on the other hand, had a demeanor about him that was calm yet unyielding, as if he knew what Tony was up to from the very beginning.
They didn’t bring up the subject of limits after that, leading into other typical subjects. What they both do for a living, where they live, interests, normal first date stuff. Conversation went by easier than expected, and they ended up not touching the subject of dominant and submissive for the rest of the night. Steve seemed genuinely interested in him, asking questions that weren’t prying, yet Tony could tell he wanted to know more.
“No, but I will give you your fifty dollar ticket, courtesy of officer handsome.” Officer Rogers said, voice laced with obvious amusement and sarcasm.The man turned on his heels after handing Tony back his license, registration and shiny new ticket.
“No,” Steve says shortly.
“I won’t read everything aloud, you can do it on your own. If you have any questions, call me. We can talk things through. Once you finish going over them, your first lesson starts.” Steve said with ease, Tony pulled his gaze up towards the blond.
Tony wanted to cry. The word 'cruel' came to mind as a response, but he knew what to say instead.
A moment of silence passed. “I want you to kneel beside me as I work. I have a few sketches I’ve been meaning to finish up--” He paused, getting up from his seat and walking towards his desk. Once he was seated, he spoke again. “I want you to crawl towards me.”
Tony cringed. “Two.”
There’s a brief moment of silence. He figures he’s racking his brain for something that’s not panic and fear, though his eyes say otherwise. Tony’s eyes have been vacant for too long.
Tony was holding his breath, releasing every time some sensitive area was fondled with or brushed against. He looked down and eyed Steve’s movements until he was told to look up and relax. He stared at the ceiling, humming softly at the tingling sensation on his skin as Steve touched him.
After coming, he pulled out, mouth connecting with Tony once again, and he began to stroke his cock, rubbing the head and reveling in the feeling of it in the palm of his hand. It only took a few moments and Tony’s orgasm washed over his features, coming into Steve's hand and panting harshly. Steve felt his cock twitch at the sight of Tony’s eyebrows furrowed; lips parted and sweat dripping down his chest and neck. It was truly a sight he wished to see always.
“I still can’t believe you broke the desk…”
“Hey…” Steve replies softly.
“Yeah… They make life easier.” Tony agrees but still avoiding answering the question. Steve got up from the couch and he could feel Tony watching his every move as he goes to the kitchen and make them a cup of coffee each. When he comes back Tony had pushed himself further back into the couch and hunched over more trying to make himself smaller.
” His last moments were spent worrying about Steve. “
“Take it off whenever you are ready.” Tony assures him and ruffles his hair softly and lets his thumb and index finger traces the shell of his ear and return to the tub of lotion. Tony start to rub the lotion into his back starting at his shoulders and working down to his mid back and lower back in circular motions and Steve moans softly by the gentle motions. Tony takes some more and put some on his butt and thighs. “So you got what you wanted tonight?” Tony wonders softly.
David was out of town for a business trip. Tony was relived to have some time alone even though David called every chance he got and Tony needed to text him every hour telling him where he was and who he was spending time with and if David didn’t approve of him activities or the people he was with he had to go home. Even if he was in an important meeting or work in general. If David didn’t approve he couldn’t be there and a part of Tony knew that it wasn’t right but then the image of Steve being dead because of him and he pushed that thought away and he did as he was told. Because Steve was more important and he should not die just because Tony couldn’t follow orders.
“And to Tony who finally will be sole owner of Stark Industries and will solve the equation to green energy!” Steve chimes in and they finish their champagne. The night continues with random dancing and impromptu speeches to celebrate whatever was going on in their life at that moment and just having fun with friends.
“He will hurt you…” Tony whispers as tears falls from his eyes.
He was beginning to feel like himself again. He went to work and kept the company moving forward. He was working out at a normal pace again, making time to see his friends and family again. Life was returning to normal and he was beginning to see the light at the end of the tunnel.
“No Steve!”
“Of course I am happy Steve. I have the life I always wanted but never dared to dream about.” He takes a pause before asking. “Are you happy?” Steve nods.
Grateful Steve let out a heavy breath knowing he can sleep in tomorrow before replying.
Hey... I am alive and I have not forgotten about this story. But i have been dealing with major writers block and life in general have just been shit and had a lot on my plate so writing was not a priority and for that I am sorry and I hope you will forgive me.
David was clenching his jaw, he didn’t like that he was being challenged. “Divorce, child custody, adoptions and paternity testing and such.” David explains shortly. Steve just nods playing interested in what David was telling him. What the hell did Tony see in this guy?! His thought process is interrupted when his phone sounds and he sees that it is the hospital.
So eager to obey. That was the only thing Tony could think of when he read his partner’s answers from this conversation. Quickly he types an answer and smiles smugly before returning to his work for real this time. God he wanted the day to be over now!
Steve puts on a fake smile and look at his friend whom seemed to buy it. Maybe Bucky was right, maybe he was just jealous and had actually missed his chance with Tony and now he was trying to make David into the devil that Tony needed saving from. He probably was a nice guy and he could make Tony happy. “You are probably right Buck… I am just upset that I missed my chance.” He mutters before walking to the fridge and took out two beers handing one to Bucky. “Let’s just watch the game and never talk about this again.”
“What are you talking about? I tried to call and text you every day but you never returned them…” Steve explains to him. Which was true, he had been texting Tony almost every day asking him how he was doing or if he wanted to come with them to diffrent events or leaving him voicemails about meeting up for lunch or game night. But Tony never replied and never showed up.
“Can I take you to the hospital? I would like for someone to look at your ribs.” Steve asks gently and Tony just looks at him expecting something to happen. But Steve stays on his edge and waits for Tony’s decision but he just shakes his head, Steve isn’t surprised. “Can I look at them? I just want to make sure nothing is damaged.” He assures the brunette. Again he shakes his head. Okay then. “You want anything to drink? I can make coffee if you want.” He offers again and Tony seems to think long and hard about it. He was probably wondering what the consequences would be if he said yes. Or no for that matter.
He swings the door open and the man in front of him is smaller and hunched over then he remembers. His arm is holding onto his midsection. The worn hoodie is covering his face and slowly he looks up and meet the blue eyes, the brown eyes was looked empty and no sign of life. Then he saw the purple around his left eye and seemed to continue up on his temple. His right cheek swollen and discolored as well and his lip were split open and several cuts were showered his face. His eyes went down to the midsection again and he assumed that they were either cracked or broken.
“No? Not that I am aware of.” He groans as he moves his head giving Tony better accesses, causing the brunette to chuckle against his throat.
“Its work babe… I have to go. I will be gone for seven days and I am going with some board members and their assistants and we will meet up with the headquarters in Japan and go see factories and such. Its just work nothing else...” Tony comes closer to him and put a hand on his shoulder. “And you manged well this time. We where apart for a week and it went well. Didn’t it?” Tony tires to sound optimistic and hopefully David would understand that he had to go and he was welcome to come with him.
“If he called you he knows I am here!” Tony says with certainty and Steve can’t help but believe him and the fact that he looked terrified, all the color from his face was drained and his eye’s wide as if he was waiting for David to come through the door right this second. “I should probably go back. It will be worse if he finds me here.” He mutters and gets up from the couch and moves to the door but Steve catch his wrist yanking him back.
“Where have you been?” David asks as Tony got closer. He was drinking Tony notice. This is not how he had planned on the night ending. Why had he ever left the apartment? He could have avoided this. This was on him and he knew that.
He walks down the hallway and checks on his kids to make sure they were asleep which they were and he closed the door behind him before he wandered down the stairs and into the office they had there. Steve was sitting in the office chair looking at the computer. He leans against the doorway and knock on the open door making Steve spin around.
“People like David never tell the truth and he will make people feel crazy with their lying and abuse.” Because if he had abused Tony, Steve was sure that he had abused previous partners. And if he had a child he didn’t want, he would never talk about him and probably deny his existence. Life have to go according David’s plan and that made it hard for people around him to keep up and forced to walk on eggshell to not upset him.
“Good morning Captain. Rogers. Sir would like you to know that he is in the kitchen preparing breakfast for the two of you and it’s your choice if you want to join him in the kitchen or stay in bed and he will join you as soon as he is done.” JARVIS informs him. He had been living here, officially, for almost two years and the A.I still scared the crap out of him whenever it started speaking to him.
“Tony?” Rhodey broke his thought process.
He of course just sent a short text to confirm that he understood.
David hid his face in Tony’s neck for a moment before he muttered into his ear. “If you ever try to leave again… Trust me when I say that Steve is the first one I am going after.” That wasn’t a threat that was a promise Tony knew that.
In rage David rose from his chair and pushed Tony out of his way making him lose his balance and hit the back of his head on the edge of the kitchen table. “Don’t talk to me like I am a child! And stop talking about you being CEO you are just handed something you can’t even handle….”
“If you had told me what was going on I could have helped you to get away from David--” Tony interrupted him.
“It’s good. We are going to focus more on green energy and make it affordable as well as a robotics division so everyone can have their own DUM-E at home!” He informs him with a chuckle. “I am also looking into to expand our intern programs and possibilities to give out more scholarships to those who want a future in engineering or science based in general but can’t afford it.” It warms Steve’s heart how kind and giving Tony was. Not many were allowed to see this side of him and Steve felt special knowing he was one of the lucky few. “And dad will officially retire at the end of the year and will have a big party with the whole shebang! You should totally come!” He informs Steve.
“I have been waiting for you for two hours!” David says harshly as Tony gets closer to the door and he doesn’t understand why David is mad at him. He had informed him that he would be with his friends tonight and had an early meeting so he wouldn’t have time to see David. Yet here he was standing by his door waiting anyway.
Tony finally spoke. “Just imagine if I stayed away the first time I left him...” Tony lets out a small laugh before letting a new wave of tears fall.
“Good boy.” Tony murmurs and let a hand wrap around his painfully hard shaft the pre-come making the head slick. He does a few lazy strokes and moves the thumb over the head slowly spreading out the pre-come. Steve thrust his hips forward trying to get more out of the touch but only back fired when then beads moves with him and moves over his prostate causing him to groan the deep groan from deep inside himself. He could feel the cuffs tugging on his wrist and where probably leaving a red mark. “You are so good for me.” Tony praises and leaves his erection causing Steve to whimper at the loss. Tony pulls at the collar to bring him closer so he could press kiss on his mouth which Steve returns as good as he can with being tied up and blinded.
“Green sir.” He replies quickly.
His mother began to worry the second she heard that they were back together again, making several phone calls trying to get him to think this through carefully and maybe be single for a while to really make sure David was the one. Distance makes the heart grow fonder right? David had heard everything and had thrown the phone through the wall, then apologizing for it claiming that his mother was trying to keep them apart. She didn’t understand their love. Tony had manged to calm him down and had promised to not talk to his mother unless he had to.
“Guys… I would like to be alone with Steve…” His voice weak and breaking so he has to catch his breath between words. One by one they hug the genius and tell him they love him and tell little inside jokes in attempt to forget for a moment that it was probably the last time they would talk to him. Pepper was the last one to hug him and place a kiss on his forehead. He tries not to listen in on the hushed conversation between the two best friends. “
“You have been good sweetheart. Two more and we are done alright? Will you touch yourself again without my permission again?” Tony asks and Steve has to take a deep breath before he answers.
And maybe it was just coincidence but Steve is certain it Tony’s way of saying.
“No David you need to leave. You are not welcome here.” David tried to make himself look bigger then Steve even though David was a couple inches shorter then Steve but a bit broader but that didn’t help though because Steve wasn’t scared of David and he would punch him if he had to. Luckily though his neighbors seemed to be disturbed as well from the noise David was making so early in the morning and had called the police and took him away.
’ Steve thought, abusers who would crush everyone to make sure they had all the power and control. His best friend had been abused for almost three years and almost died tonight he realizes, yet here was remembering the good parts of their relationship. He wanted to pull Tony into a hug and assure him that he would never let anyone hurt him again. But he knew if he would even try to touch Tony without his consent right now he would just run away. He had seen it often enough when he worked in the ER when women and men would lie about how they sustained an injury and flinch away at any sudden movement and attempt to touch them.
“Okay whatever you say babe… But remember if the kids are there we have to be quiet.” Tony teased. Its quiet between them for a moment and Tony looks into his husbands eye before he speaks again, this time much quieter as he was asking him for his darkest secret. “What is on you mind babe? I can see that something is eating away at you.”
“Do you want a divorce?” Tony questions.
“It takes about seven times before people leave an abusive partner. Different reasons usually they have...” Steve trails of he was in doctor mode right now and Tony didn’t need a doctor he needed his friend.
Rachel smiles a soft and understanding smile as she takes a sip of her coffee. “That’s what I said when people asked. Who are you protecting? I was protecting Simon.” She nodded to the picture in front of him.
“Well it brought me to you… So they served some purpose.” Tony smiles and presses his lips to Steve’s. “I would like a cup of tea.” He murmurs.
They had just gotten home from a long day of running around the city getting ready for Maria’s first day of school. The whole family was exhausted and decided to order pizza for dinner. There was a ring on the door and Tony is there in a heartbeat. He was starving. But when he opens the door it’s not the pizza guy.
“I took a really long walk?” Tony suggests not really feeling like having this discussion.
Cancer.
“You hit him didn’t you!” Steve accused.
That day never came. They never got to see the world together like they planned. There was knocking again and this time they open the door and Natasha was standing in the doorway. “You should eat something.” She states. “Then you are getting dressed and we are going to the cemetery.” It was an order he knew that. It’s quiet between the friends Steve forcing tears to stay inside wanting to be strong in front of her. But that broke the second she put her hand on his shoulder and the tears just fell and Natasha took him into her arms and let him cry on her shoulder. She rubbed his back in soothing motions in attempt to calm him down. It didn’t work but he appreciated the effort.  “It’s his birthday Steve and you always gave him flowers even though he hated it.”
“I.. oh. I imagined it..” Tony speeds up his motions and ads more pressure. “It was… ah you. Your fingers. Doing exactly wha-ah what they..” He whimpers begging for release he knew wasn’t coming anytime soon. “they are… ahh please Sir?” He begs forgetting what he was talking about. The touches were just too much for him to handle right now. Everything was too much when Tony was in charge.
“That is usually how they are.” ‘
“Steve?” He questions.
“My own place!” He snaps and pulls back his wrist basically feeling the bruise forming. Tony hadn’t noticed but somehow Rhodey had got them a cab and was soon all of them were inside the car. There was soft snores coming from Pepper (which she will deny are snores) and the was the only sound breaking the tense silence but Tony already knew what Rhodey was thinking and maybe he was right. Maybe Tony should get out while it was nothing to serious with them but he can’t let go. Yes they had only been dating for about two months but the good times were really good and David was the first guy he actually saw himself with that wasn’t Steve.
This secret relationship went on for almost 6 months before Howard found them in the kitchen. Tony was sitting on the counter with his hands in Shawn’s hair pulling him closer and Shawn was between his legs, hands under his shirt feeling the smooth skin. Howard had given Tony that look that he just knew he was in big trouble. Shawn was asked to leave and Tony had just looked down on the floor scared for what about to come. Reluctantly Shawn had left his young lover in the kitchen and walked out of the Stark mansion and would never see Tony again.
“You would have used your safe word otherwise right?” Tony questions. Still uncertain if Steve thought that he had to push through whatever they did whether he wanted to or not.
David ate a few spoons of his ice cream as he tried to calm himself down but Tony just made it so hard to stay calm when Tony insisted on pushing his buttons. He was aware that he was good at his job and that he could go to any firm he wanted and he would succeed with flying colors. He didn’t need his boyfriend pushing him to change jobs.
“Yeah you were right. This is fun.” David agrees and kiss him softly. “I am sorry that I’ve been hard on you lately. I just want the best for you, for us.” David explains and Tony nods before speaking.
So Tony forgave him thinking that he would change and become better but that had yet to happen.
“Green Sir.”
“And I am terrified that if you walk out that door the next time I will see you, you are in a coffin.” Steve replies honestly. Tony had said it so himself that David would have killed him if he hadn’t gotten out of that situation. “You can stay here as long as you need and I will be by your side every step of the way.” Steve promises him.
Delete.
He noticed the cut and bruises scattered across his face from the fall Tony talked about. But he seemed fine other then that.
“Maybe we can go again?” Tony didn’t answer but that was alright because David knew what Tony wanted so he let his hand wander down and begins to lose him up some more all while ignoring the tension in Tony’s body and the tears coming from his eyes.
“So no closet?” Adam questions.
“I’ll think about it.” Steve teases and then smiles and opens the chocolate bar and devours it.
“Put these on and I will just put some things away I will be right back and join you okay?” Again petting his hair and Steve nods and does as he is told and crawls down under the covers and watch as Tony puts the things back into it places and he chuckles softly at the broken desk that is the last he remember before he drifts off to a peaceful slumber.
“Sure?” Steve sounds suspicious but puts his book down and turn to Tony.
“I am spending time with my friends i can’t answer every text the second it get in David! I told you to spend time with your friends!” Tony defends himself and stare into the green eyes he usually could stare into with out a problem and that usually held so much more tenderness then they were now, bloodshot and pupils wide.
“I am not saying yes or no… I need to think about it.” Tony answers.
Tony looks up at Steve for a long moment as if he is wondering how much he can actually tell him. If Steve would be upset with him if he told the truth, Steve reminded himself that he have to be patient and supportive of Tony and let him decide the pace. “I just didn’t think I would be one of those people who…” Tears welled up again and began to fall. “Would be so
“I forgive you sweetheart..” Tony didn’t reply to that he just hugs David thinking to himself that he must do better in the future to not make David upset. They stand there for a while before deciding to head to bed. When they lay in the bed David begins to slowly touch Tony’s bruised side with gentle fingers and then kissing it slowly as if he was trying to make it better. “Does this feel good?” David wonders as his fingers moves over his side and continues to press soft kisses of the skin. Tony just hums in response.
“What?” Tony wonders.
His name was Steve Grant Rogers he was 24 doing his last year in law school and he was absolute perfection. He was kind and sweet making sure Tony always made it home safely and texted and called whenever his tight schedule allowed him to, supported him when he decided to set up his own company focusing on green energy. Tony never understood why a great guy like Steve would want to hang around a screw up like Tony but he would keep him around as long as he wanted to stay which seemed to be for a long time because he met his parents. His mother who was as sweet as his own mother had been; she had loved him from the first moment they met and told stories about Steve when he was younger making the blonde blush and the brunette chuckle. His father asked him about the company and about his childhood. His brother Clint made sure to make a fool of Steve making everyone laugh. He was welcomed into the family he always wanted.
Steve shakes his head trying to think of something. “The hamper is in the corner so you don’t have to put your dirty clothes on the floor, you can just take four steps and put it in there.” Steve suggests with a small laugh and Tony just hums before they meet in a soft kiss.
“I can get some drinks. I just wanna catch up with you.” Steve says, desperate to hold on to his friend.
Steve takes a deep breath. “Thirty sir.” This will hurt and he knows it.
“You look pale. You might have internal bleeding.” There was no question about it now. Tony needed to go to the hospital if so Steve had to carrying him there himself.
” Tony doesn’t have time to respond before David hung up but that was okay. He would be able to see his friends and his boyfriend tonight. Quickly he responds to Pepper.
Tony hums and takes another bite of the food. “What do you think is a suitable punishment for this?” He questions not even looking at Steve who wanted any kind of acknowledgement from his Dominant at this point. A touch, a look, a slap… No he didn’t like slaps to the face, he told Tony that so he wouldn’t do that to him.
“We can talk after the launch. I know it’s important.”  Steve says before placing a kiss on his husbands lips and gets out of the embrace and begins to
It quiet for a second to long before David pulls on the biggest smile and takes Steve’s hand. “David!” He introduces himself and Steve can’t put his finger on it but his gut instinct say that something is very off about this man. “You are the doctor right?”
Much love Sara
“I just took a walk David. I wasn’t trying to leave. I will never leave you.” Tony promises him. Not because he was crazy in love with David but because he could never be the reason Steve got hurt. “I promise you David I am here to stay, you are it for me.” Tony lies.
“I wasn’t home on time and things just escalated from there…” He admits quietly.
Trust is something that you earn after all.
He pulled out his now soft cock, bringing with it the sperm and saliva. His mouth remained opened letting strings of saliva and sperm hang from his chin as he was trying to get some air back into his lungs but has barley time to register it when he feel the pad of David’s thumb pushing the saliva and sperm back into his mouth. David seemed happy and had the impression that Tony had enjoyed that if he was supposed to go by his facial expression. “So beautiful like this…” David mutters petting Tony’s hair while he was trying to make sense of all the emotions running around his head right now.
“Good answer sweetheart. And 10 with the cane for giving me the wrong answer first.” Steve doesn’t say anything. He had put himself in this mess. He deserved the punishment. He starts bracing himself for the cane first. It was fast Tony handed them out evenly over his whole butt and it was over before he knew it but his butt was stinging and must be marked by the cane. “Now thirty with the belt. This will hurt sweetheart.” Tony warns.
When he enters their floor his nose is hit with the lovely smell of food. He is starving. “JARVIS! The whole floor on lock down no-one gets in without my permission! And tint the windows!” He informs the A.I. Anything he could do to make sure Steve’s and his activities stayed between them.
“Yeah you mentioned that…” Steve says kindly never breaking away from David’s eyes. He would not be the first to give in. “What kind of lawyer are you?” Steve questions.
“Who?! You got Rhodey right there!” He makes a motion with his head to show the other man who makes an awkward small wave as he continues to hold Pepper up at his side.
He remembers how ashamed he had been when he first mentioned this to Tony. Like there was something seriously wrong with him. But Tony had kissed him softly and assured him that it was alright and he was willing to try it with him, even though he himself was lacking experience in this area. But he had researched and read every book and article that was out there to make sure he was doing it safely, which was so much more than any of the previous partners that Steve had. That’s why Tony was a stickler for consent. Or he had always been but now more than ever, neither was prepared for level of communication, trust and respect this would bring to their relationship but it came and they both loved it.
Things were great between them again.
“Hi… Yeah I am why do you ask?” He asks slowly as he shakes her hand. His mind running a thousand miles an hour trying to figure out if he knew her or if she was trying to make him look bad in the tabloids. She wouldn’t be the first. Nor the last.
“Grilled cheese and red wine the first thing you ever made me when we began dating.” Tony begins with a smile and let his hand intertwine with Steve’s. “Luckily your taste in wine has improved since then.” Tony chuckles as he takes a sip.
“Its what dad used to do when I missed behaved or peed in my bed. I tried really hard not to but I couldn’t control it...” And in that moment all Steve wanted to pick the boy up by his arm and never let the other soul hurt him.
Tony belonged to him and no one else no matter what his stupid friends thought or believed was the last thought that ran through his head before Tony lay down next to him again. David snuggles close behind Tony body and press sloppy kisses to his neck and shoulders.
blame you for any of this. I fully blame David.” Carefully he moves closer to Tony so he could be close enough to reach his hand out to him. Carefully he puts his hands over Tony’s. “Is this okay?” He asks looking at Tony for any kind of reaction. Good or bad.
When he received the diagnose everything seemed like it was on Tony’s side and he would survive it, but then it came back again and again and again until Tony’s once strong body couldn’t handle it anymore and they learned that he would not survive this unless a miracle happened and Steve was willing to travel through space and time trying to find an antidote for this, to heal his husband. But Tony had looked at him with the big brown eyes and just shook his head.
Over the five coming years Tony worked hard on building his empire and Steve to make partner at his firm. Both supporting each other every step of the way when the confidence falter and hard times came their way but they pushed through and always came out successful on the other side. They also moved two time under this time to get a bigger apartment so they each had at office at home and have an extra room for when they decided to make their family bigger which was something they both wanted.
“I don’t remember that I asked you to beg.” Tony murmurs and let the leather hit him on his lower back making Steve gasp in chock before Tony hit his left butt cheek three times leaving his skin stinging and then dragged his fingers over the area he hit with a soft hand. Soothing the area Steve notes. “You don’t speak unless I ask you to that understood?” His voice was hard and cold. Steve doesn’t have the chance to reply before the riding crop his right butt cheek harder than before and then he drags the crop down to his thighs where he is more sensitive and for a moment Tony let the patch of leather just drag over the skin before it landed with the loud clash. Making the skin sting Tony started to hit him faster and with more strength and intensity without the soothing after working his way over his thighs, butt and back. He must be completely red on his entire backside he thinks as he bites down on his lower lips to not scream out in a mix of pain and pleasure.
Tony turns around so they are face to face. “It’s not clingy or needy and you know that I will give you whatever you need after we had a scene even if it’s the day after. Like I said it was pretty intense and maybe your body can heal in a few hours but I think you mind needs a bit more time to process everything.” Steve just nods and leans in to kiss Tony who meets him halfway meeting in a soft and gentle kiss. “I love you.” Tony says when they break apart.
The paddle land hard on him making his burning butt burn even more and he waits just a second before the next one hits his butt again. “Twelve, thirteen.” Only two to go he motivates himself he could do this. He could feel the anticipation in the air just waiting for the paddle to land on him again. Smack! Tony must use all the strength he has left because that one hurt really badly. “fourteen..” He grits out and he waits again for the final blow which came down hard on his butt causing him almost to scream but he holds it in. “Fifteen!” He pants out and was glad for the support the table gave him otherwise he would have fallen down he is certain of it.
“Then why don’t wanna do that for yourself?” Tony asks in a soft tone. He could see the panic rising in Steve’s eyes. The anxiety running high in his body, he looked like a caged animal just looking for a way out.
The last part wasn’t even a question it was an order he knew Steve would obey. He sighs and decides to refocuses his attention to the screen in front of him because he had actual work to do and Pepper would kill him if he wasn’t finished by the time he went home today. And truth be told, he would rather send another missile though a wormhole again before making Pepper Potts angry. Yeah he was terrified of her and it was no secret because everyone was terrified of an angry Pepper Potts. She should join the Avengers he thought distantly. All the bad guys would just look at her stern look and run away crying for their mommy. He chuckles at the idea but sighs soon enough and get back to work. Tech doesn’t build itself apparently.
“I have to go! But it was nice meeting you David!” Steve gives him a smile before he is out the door.
On New Year’s Eve two years later Steve proposed to him. He had done it properly and gone down on his knee and gotten a ring in gold, the fireworks exploding around them promising to love him forever and never let go, they had their friends and family around them making the moment perfect. They got married in September that year. It was a small ceremony with family and friends in New York. They had gotten lucky with the venue with a last minute cancelation so they booked it then and there. That had been in May so it was a slightly rushed wedding but none the less perfect for them. They had said I do to each other and that was all they wanted and needed.
David takes another bite of his food and seems eerily calm about the entire situation and for a moment Tony wonders if he should just take his chance and run. But his legs don’t seem to get the memo. So he just waits for David to speak again.
“I want to show you something.” Tony grins and Steve was officially worried. He only wore that grin when he was up to something. “Come here!” He pulls up the other chair he has and forces Steve to sit down. And then he started to show Steve coding and programing things he knew nothing about and just did as he was told to do and he could see from the corner of his eye that Tony enjoyed this, showing him things he was good at and Steve let him because it made him happy.
When he enters the kitchen he sees Tony making breakfast and as usual when they have had a scene he makes a lot of food. Bacon, scrambled eggs, toast, pancakes, fresh squeezed juice and coffee. Without saying a word he goes up to Tony and hugs him from the side and hides his face into his shoulder breathing him in. “Hey there…” Tony greets and places an awkward angled kiss on his head.
“I know… I know that I…” He begins and his heart breaks. This is not his friend whom he remembers. “That I have no right… and I probably woke you up and… sorry..” He was incoherent and not in a good way. He seemed to hunch more and tried to make himself smaller. “We fought… I thought he…” Tears welled up in his eyes and began to fall.  “He would have killed me…” He ads in a whisper. “I pushed him… then I ran…” He admits.
“I swear.”
Delete.
He moves his head so it rest on the side, his nose touching Tony’s throat. “I know but I really liked it.” Steve assures him and place a small kiss on Tony’s throat.
“Sure! Something else?” Tony wonders and is upon his feet faster than lighting.
“Yeah sure…” David replies distantly as he continued to read through Tony’s texts.
“Happier then I could ever dream of.” They both just smiled at each other and fell into that comfortable silence and ate their dinner knowing that the person beside them was happy because of them.
Tony looks at him, like he was considering his choices. Like he was wondering if Steve was telling him the truth or if Steve would hurt him just like David did when things didn’t go his way. Of course Steve would never hurt Tony but Tony couldn’t be certain about anyone anymore. He only believed the words David had been feeding him.
“But you know I worry-” Now it was Tony’s turn to cut David off.
“He won’t come near me or you.” Steve promises him.
Tony opens the drawer on the desk slowly and Steve follows the motion with curious eyes wondering what was hiding in there. Tony picked it up and held it out to show Steve, a dark brown leather collar, simple with white stitching and a small buckle and not wider than an inch. Steve eye’s was darting between the collar and Tony’s eyes. “You said you wanted to try one.” Tony begins. “But if you don’t want it just say the word and I put it away.” Steve’s heart was beating fast. He had mentioned that briefly and didn’t think that Tony remembered. Steve nods. “You want it then?”
And David was furious.
David rose from the couch and started pacing back and forth in front of the TV pinching the bridge of his nose as if he was trying to stop the rage that was running through his body. Why was Tony always trying to undermine him and make him look like an idiot? Why did he insist on ruining their time together? They both worked long hours and at the end of the day he just wanted to come and unwind with Tony and not think about work unlike Tony who never stopped working and would talk about his ideas all night long. He was smart and he had to tell everyone about it.
There was banging on the door that woke Steve up. Confused he manages to sit up and rub his eyes to wake himself up, the banging doesn’t stop rather the opposite it intensifies and the person on the other side starts screaming Tonys name. Rubbing his eyes he throws of the blanket and moves to the door. As he looks through the peephole he sees the person he had expected sense last night.
“Green sir.” Then Tony continues to push the plug inside him. Tony press a soft kiss on his lower back and caress him softly on the butt and steps back and he feels the slight burning sensation of being stretched to his limit. Then comes to feeling of leather strings teasing his back and then the sharp sting of Tony smacking him with it causing him to groan and then he feels the stinging sensation again and again over his back, the flogger hugging around the sides of his body when it landed on him. It was almost to mush the sensations of being teased with the flogger and then it stung whenever Tony decided to smack him with it and being stretched to full capacity, wearing the collar Tony gave him and just being fully exposed to someone and trust them so completely and he allowed his mind and body to completely submit to Tony. It was the best feeling Steve had ever felt.
When David arrived home a few days later Tony noticed that David had hickeys on his shoulder. He found red lipstick on the white shirt he had brought. When Tony brought it up David just claimed the hickeys where rashes and the lipstick where from a hug.
“Everything I wasn’t then?” Howard fills in and admits his shortcomings.
“He is not here David! And you have been drinking-” He is cut of.
But that would be in a few hours when he had calmed down a bit.
“Nobody can beat Maria’s food! That is just impossible!” Steve chuckles and it was true. Her lasagna he was willing to kill for. Luckily for him he didn’t need to she was happy to make it for him whenever he was over and give him leftovers that lasted for a week. Tony is about to say something when his phone lit up. Telling him he got a text. He smiles that goofy smile that seemed reserved for David from now on. “Is loverboy missing you?” Steve tries to tease hoping and praying that it comes through.
“Yeah?” He grunts.
“He will come here…” Tony whispers all the color from his face drained. He looked terrified.
“I can make breakfast and the dinner we can figure out. The kids need more chores! Worst case we hire a housekeeper.” Tony smile knowing Steve will hate that because it was a waste of money when they were capable of doing it on their own.
“Yes we.” Steve replies without missing a beat and at that Tony’s smile looked a bit more certain.
“It’s alright. It’s a big launch.” Steve replies as he turns in his husbands arms. He was used to it. They had been together for twenty years and married for fifteen. Steve knew that the month leading up to the launch was always hectic for Tony. So he always let the genius be and when Tony was done with the launch he came back to the real world and always made up for it by taking Steve away for the weekend or an expensive dinner when the children where younger.
“No problem. Just say what you need from me and I will give it to you.” Tony assures him again then he hands him a plate with food. “Now eat. I know you are starving.” Steve chuckles and takes the plate and sits down by the bar and finishes his breakfast in no time and then he helps Tony clean up the kitchen stealing small kisses and touches whenever he could before they land on the couch where they take their usual position of Tony half sitting and Steve using his midsection as a pillow and Tony playing with his hair slowly while the movie was running in the background mostly forgotten.
“Yeah I finished up faster then planned and I missed you.” He ran a hand through Tony’s hair. “You could use a hair cut.”
“I am only acting like this because I don’t want to lose you Tony! I worry when you don’t answer my calls or text.” David wraps his arms around Tony in a tight embrace and the cologne David wore and that he found once intoxicating  made Tony sick to his stomach right now. He forced tears to stay inside his eyes and it took everything in him to not throw up then and there. “You just push my buttons when you make me look like a bad guy when all I do is for you and because I love you!” He says into Tony’s ear. He nods slowly not being able to talk for the life of him even though he wants to scream at him to leave him the hell alone and never come back.
Steve swallowed wondering if he should tell the truth and tell her that he hadn’t heard from him either but he decided against it knowing she would only be more concerned. “Yeah I talked to him last week. But you know how he gets in relationships and they just moved in together. I am sure he will be back to normal soon.” He said as honestly as he could, wondering if he was right or if he wouldn’t see his best friend ever again.
” If Steve hadn’t been Tony’s best friend and just been an outsider looking in on David’s and Tony’s relationship he would probably bought David’s story right now. But he was Tony’s best friend and he didn’t care if Tony pushed first he would protect Tony at all cost.
“I don’t want to talk about it.”
He sighs. He should go he knew that he hadn’t been there in three weeks but he was not in the mood to get up at five am tomorrow morning on his day off.
“Should I be surprised you are down here?” A voice interrupted their playing. It was Steve who was home from a meeting in Washington. He leaned against the doorframe, he was wearing dark jeans and a darker demine shirt that defined his body and Tony found it hard to resist.
“Hi… You don’t have to do this you know.” Steve mutters.
“Oh god…” Tony cries out and pushes Steve’s face up to his groin and comes into the blonde’s mouth while muttering something incoherently and Steve just relaxes waiting him out. He can feel Tony’s hand on his neck and pulls out slowly and zips his pants up again while Steve was taking deep breathes before Tony took off the blindfold on Steve, blinking slowly trying to adjust to the light in the room. He looked up into Tony’s eyes and he smiles down to him causing him to smile to. “Hi there.” He petted Steve’s hair and hums at the soft touch.
Much love
“Yes what?” Tony’s voice hard and steady and hits him over the midsection before his answer comes.
“Fuck… Tony..” David groans as Tony ads more pressure to his growing member. “Suck me?” He gets out and Tony just grins and drops to his knees and begins to work to unbuckle his belt and undo his pants letting them and his boxers fall to his ankles and he was faced with an erection that sprung out. He was pretty average Tony thought and starts pumping his hand up and down in firm motions before letting his mouth close over the head and sucks and let his tongue twirl over it and finding the slit before pulling back and pumps again. He looks up and sees David with his eyes shut tight and biting his lower lip in pleasure.
Yeah he was a fool who believed that.
“You are not broken and I am not you leaving you. Not now, not ever. You hear me? Its you and me to the end!” Tony assures him hugging him tighter if possible. “Tell me what you need from me and I will make it happen.” Tony promises.
“Expecting a call?” Steve wonders trying to sound casual.
Tony received the beating of a lifetime that night. Howards beating the gay out of him, Tony would not be an embarrassment to this family by liking boys over girls. That was not natural and not how nature had intended. He had not screamed nor cried. He had winced but taken the beating like a man should. Like his father wanted him to. He had been warned if he would find Tony with a boy like that again, he would break his bones and Tony didn’t doubt that for a second. He should be glad it was only a belt. The next day he was sent to a boarding school.
“You are not crazy though it was him that tricked and played with your thoughts and emotions.” Steve offers softly. “And now when he is out of your life you can begin to heal and recover.” Tony is quiet and looks straight ahead as the sun was rising outside the window. A new day rising Steve thought to himself. A new day with promises of something better coming along. Which was exactly what Tony needed after these years of hell.
“It’s okay to miss him, to cry for him and even hating the world. It’s healthy it’s what you should do.” She tells him. “I miss him every day Steve we all do. But hiding up here and not even trying to heal is not healthy.” She ads softly.
After two and half years of working from home Tony could finally rent a real space to have his office in and hire a few people to help him out making further progress to show for his investors who invested more money into his company. Steve was making a name for himself as a lawyer and was trusted with more prominent clients and bigger cases as people saw that he didn’t back down without a fight and would never lose a case.
He was wrong.
“Make yourself come for me sweetheart.” Tony looked at him as he stroked himself and it only took a few strokes until he spilled over himself letting out a grateful whimper. It was so good to finally come. “Such a good boy for me.” Tony praises petting his hair. “Can you stand up please?” With that sentence Steve knew the scene was over, when they were in a scene Tony never said please to Steve. On shaky legs he gets up and wraps his arms around Tony burying his head into the crook of Tony’s neck feeling his tears collecting there. Tony stroked him with big motions over his back and hugged him tight. “You okay babe? Was it too much?” Tony sounded worried.
“Yes Tony…”
“So have you! So don’t play high and mighty with me Tony!” He defends himself in an instant.
” He can hear voices in the back ground. “
“Maria it’s okay. Call me whenever alright? Tony can lose track of time so easily and forget about everything around him.” He lies smoothly hoping that Maria will buy this, which she seems to do because they are able to say their goodbyes. Steve rests his forehead against the cold locker sighing heavily. He was truly concerned for Tony. What if he was really hurt and couldn’t reach out? Or he was just happy with David and moving in together only strengthens their relationship? He didn’t know what to think or do right now.
“There is a support group at my church…” He begins. “If you would like to go there? I could come with you if you don’t want to do it alone.” He offers and Tony glances up towards him and down again not giving an answer. Well at least he offered and when Tony decided what to do Steve would be there for his friend.
” Tony sighs and feels for him and knows he is right his friends were a bit hard to convince sometimes.
Faster than he liked he was home forcing him to face his fear that his friend might be in trouble. But every time he tried to call or text Tony he never got an answer and he was wondering if it was Tony’s way of ending their friendship. No he and Tony where best friends and it would take a lot more for them to stop being friends. He was just busy being with David and taking over SI. It was nothing weird they had gone times before not talking to each other and then just calling each other up and nothing had changed between them and this was nothing different.
“I am sorry…” Tony whispers.
Steve thinks for a moment wondering how he should formulate himself to get his point across. “I miss teaching… I miss having a purpose.” He admits.
It was late one night when Steve was home alone because Tony was at a charity event out of town for work and would arrive home the next day, before they would go together but this year they had decided that Steve should stay home since the kids weren’t comfortable with anyone else yet. Tony had tried to get out of it too but Pepper had forbidden him and had threatened to come get him herself if she had to. And that was enough for Tony to not even think that thought again.
“Good.” He doesn’t say mush after that. Instead they sit there for a while before Tony gets them up and move Steve over to the bed and have him sitting on the edge of the bed so he can drink water which he downs easily he was always thirsty after a scene. And even though he always said he wasn’t hungry Tony always gave him a snickers bar which he ate without complaint. “Lay down on your stomach.” He orders softly and Steve doesn’t have to be told twice and takes a pillow and hugs it under his chin with his head to Tony so he could watch him. Tony sits down on the edge and opens a drawer they have on the bedside table and pulls out the cooling lotion Tony put there for occasions like this. It smelled like coconut, a smell Steve had started to associate with these moments when Tony was loving, affectionate and gentle towards him to make sure he was okay after their scences and even though he had argued in the beginning that he heal in matters of hours he had grown to love this part more and more. He had secretly always wished to have partners who would spend more time with him after but never did, he had mentioned that to Tony and he had promised to give him whatever he wanted and needed after and had done that from the very beginning.
“And your color now?” Tony questions letting his nails scrape along the scalp.
“This is about me wanting to see my friends! And you need to let this thing with Steve go because I am dating you, not Steve and I would like it if the two of you could get along! He is my best friend.” Tony snaps at David. He had no right to act like this when he was nothing but faithful and loyal towards David.
“Good night baby… and good bye… I miss you.” He whispers into the night hoping that somewhere that Tony heard him.
That was the choice that made Tony a prisoner in his own home and wasn’t allowed to see his friends and family for the next year and a half.
“Have you met you when there are kids nearby?” Steve asks with a gentle laugh. “You are so good with them hell you got all our friends kids interested in science, do you know how mush Clint hates you for it? Nat’s and Bruce’s daughter is attending college to become an engineer because you spent hours with her down in your lab.” Tony shrugs like it was no big deal. And to him it wasn’t he was just sharing his knowledge that was his passion and if rubbed off on the kids he was happy.
First off I would like to thank my incredible Beta arielgryffinpuff, who proof read this chapter and I will forever be greatful becuase I write like crap since english is not my first language
They break apart panting slightly before Tony took Steve’s wrists and pulled him towards the center of the room where a hook was sitting in the ceiling; Tony pulled out a chair and stood on it. “Arms above head.” Steve does as he told and stands slightly up on his toes knowing the chain was long enough for him so the soles of his feet would grace the floor. “Do you want the blindfold?” Tony questions and Steve nods, he was going into subspace he noted. He went to their closet where they kept their toys, he hears the door opening and closing behind him and then Tony came up behind him and he felt the soft cotton hit his face and the rubber band closing around his head. Tony’s hands skimmed down his back making every nerve in his body fire up. Then he felt Tony’s finger hook into his boxers and push them down his legs, his fingers ghosting over the skin, he was completely exposed to Tony yet he had never felt safer.
He gave them three more weeks before Tony would come to his senses and realize what an ass David is!
Tony sits down in front of Steve and takes something out of his pocket before taking Steve’s hand into his own and unlocked the cuff. He held up the wrist inspecting the red mark and even though they both knew that it would heal within hours, it felt good to have Tony place his fingers and mouth there trying to sooth it with touches and kisses. The other wrist received the same attention and love. Then Steve leaned forward hiding it in the crook of Tony’s neck, Tony cradled his head softly with one hand on his neck rubbing softly and the other hand stoking softly over his back. “It was intense tonight huh?” Tony asks and Steve just nods into his neck to tired to actually reply with words. “You were amazing though.” Tony praises him. “But you do know that I wouldn’t be mad if you wanted to safe word right?” Tony said this every time to Steve both before and after wanting to make sure that Steve doesn’t push through in fear of his feelings.
“My best friend being alive will always be worth more than my doctors license. I can always get another job.” Steve tries to calm him down. “But we don’t know if he will come here alright? So let’s not make any assumptions.”
“I miss him Nat…” Steve whispers.
Steve took a deep breath. “The belt sir.” He answers and Tony seems to consider it. They rarely used the belt since it wasn’t a favorite between them, but it seemed fitting for this moment.
“I gotten beaten up quite good last night...” Tony replies.
Happy just shrugs. “He is my boss. I follow his order not yours.” Happy replies as he follows Tony to the car leaving David and Steve shocked at what just had happened.
“I tried right?” She whines before leaving the room as well following her distraught owner.
Tony hid his face in a pillow to allow his tears to fall and biting into the pillow to no to scream in pain as David increase his pace and force. David’s hands that gripped his hips was going to leave bruises he knew that. God it hurt Tony thought and all he wanted was for David to be done.
Did you like it? You hated it? Tell me! I like to know what I can improve!
This Tony was sure of.
Steve doesn’t know how long he sits there just listing to Tony’s even breathing memorizing it until they aren’t there anymore and he knows that his husband will not wake up from his nap.
Steve looked at his family and felt as happy as one could be, he had an amazing husband who was wearing his usual ripped jeans, black long-sleeved shirt and a t-shirt with a band Steve had never heard of and a wonderful son who was in his pajamas. Charlie wiggles out of Tony’s lap and runs over to Steve who easily picks him up; he is a super soldier after all. “Hey buddy! You missed me?” He questions the boy nods to Steve who just smiles and place a kiss on the chubby cheek. “And I missed you to!”
“Why don’t you just put your dicks on the table and measure?” She suggests before taking a sip of her red wine. The white gold band with embedded diamonds into it, Came from Bucky’s grandma Steve knew. Bucky had been worried that it might not be enough for the redhead but the way she looked at it and then at Bucky told Steve that it was more than enough.
“Yes sir. I love it. Thank you.” Tony ruffles his hair and sits down on the chair beside him, his fingers still touching the collar. He belonged to Tony and nothing could change that. No-one could take him away from Tony. He feels Tony’s lips on the top of his head. He tilts his head up and their eye’s meet for a moment before Tony leans in and kisses him slowly. He tasted like coffee and chocolate he notes as he lets Tony’s tongue discover his mouth. When they break apart Steve whimpers softly missing the touch of Tony.
“What about me?” Steve wonders.
“We don’t think you should rush these things Tony.” Pepper says softly. “And this feels rushed and maybe we are wrong but we just don’t want you to get hurt.” Pepper was always the one to get through to Tony without using force. “You move in together because it’s right and not because it’s convenient so just think this through before you make any permanent changes.” Pepper says and Steve had never been more grateful for Pepper being able to be the voice of reason for Tony.
“If you are too rough? You just whacked my ass with a belt!” He informs his fiancé in case he missed that.
“I know. And I am sorry for being an idiot and yelling you. Its just…” Steve stops talking and focuses on his wine glass and spins it around in his hand.
“No it's not. You are crying then something must be wrong.” They enter Adams room.
“The police station.”
His friends look at him as they try to decide how to approach the subject. How to tell Tony that they thought that David was bad for him without getting him pissed at all of them.
“I won’t let him come close to you.” Steve promises. Tony looks up at Steve and it breaks Steve’s heart when he sees the terrified look Tony had on his face. “I will hurt him before I let him hurt you.” Steve promises.
Soft fingers travelled up his spine as he was doing the dishes from dinner. His entire body shivers in comfort by the gentle touch, Tony let his hand stay on the neck rubbing softly, the metal of the engagement ring felt cold against his warm skin, then rough lips over his t-shirt clad shoulder lingering for a moment. “Is there something you would like to tell me babe?” Tony questions and Steve turns off the faucet and grabs a towel to dry his hands before turning around to face his fiancé. God he loved saying that.
Taking generous amounts of the shampoo he starts to wash his hair with it and rinse it out before taking the conditioner in and lets it sit as he opens the tub of body scrub and starts to scrub his body raw from any grime or dirt that might have been collected there during the day, when he is done he is a light shade of pink before stepping under the spray of water that took the scrub and conditioner with it down the drain, then he takes a bar of soap and wash over his skin with gentle hands and made a few lazy strokes over his growing erection, thinking in his head that his entire body needed to be clean and that included his hardening dick. He rests his head against the cool tile closing his eyes by the sensation. He knows he shouldn’t… He groans at the touch before taking a final stroke before letting his hand move to the backside and finger push inside his hole, then a second to stretch him open for the plug that was waiting for him. He gasps as he accidently moves over his prostate and then decides to stay there for a while massing himself, making his aching dick leak with pre cum. He pushes a third finger in and increases the pace as he imagine it being Tony’s fingers deep inside him, whispering filthy things in his ear while doing so. He groans again letting himself come against the tile while groaning out Tony’s name. He turns of the shower and pulls his fingers out and takes a deep breath before taking a small step outside and took the lube and plug. He poured a generous amount on the blue toy before starting to push it inside himself causing him to groan in pleasure and discomfort. There was always that feeling of nothing could fit in there but somehow everything came into place, today was no different.
All while ignoring the knot in his stomach that seemed to get bigger and bigger for each passing day.
“I know I am a bit behind on the cleaning and laundry! But I am on the verge on a major breakthrough here!” Tony defends himself. Tony could have the cure for cancer for all Steve cared right now. Their house was a mess and apparently Tony couldn’t care less.
Again the warmth of Tony’s body left him and he was standing alone again trying not to move too much which was hard when you could barely touch the floor with your feet. He tried to relax his body but found it impossible and he just clenched down on the beads and that with the small movements caused vibrations on his prostate that just went through his entire body. He was panting and struggling already and they had just begun. Again he felt Tony’s fingers on his spine rough and calloused after years of inventing and working in his workshop. A oddly comforting and loving feeling. He had always loved Tony’s hands and had firsthand experience about the magic they could do when barely trying. He moved around letting his hand drag over the ribcage and up his sternum and landing around the nape of his neck tugging slightly at the hair there, it was rougher then when he had been kneeling but he liked it probably better than the petting motion it was just another way for Tony to show that he was in charge of him.
“You fingered yourself?” Tony asks to clarify what Steve was saying.
“Can’t someone else go instead of you? Isn’t your dad owner? He should go then!”
David and Tony's date does not go as Tony had planned.
“Good choice. The belt it is sweetheart.” Tony lets go of his hair. “Clean this up and I will arrange a few things. Then meet me in the living room when you are done, naked.” He orders. Tony gets up from the chair and runs his hand through the soft blonde hair before going down the hall and what he guessed was to their bedroom.
“I don’t know you so what do you want?”
“Yeah we can to that.” Tony assures him. “That’s good to know I got a little worried with the butt plug. It was just the usual one we use.” Tony informs him. “Turn around.” He orders and Steve does as he is told and Tony places the lotion on his upper body as well soothing the red marks.
The shower was running but Tony decide to stay in the bedroom and wait for his husband. He changes out of his jeans and shirt to his t-shirt and sweatpants and sits down on the bed. When Steve finally emerges from the bathroom his skin was pink from the hot shower and his hair dripping. He just stands in the doorway staring at Tony before finally speaking.
He sounded more and more defeated for each message and Tony was feeling more and more defeated when he failed his friends.
A small smile play on his lips as he reads the card again and again, ignoring the sore wrist that had a hand shaped bruise on it. Instead he went to the box and opened it and was surprised with a bracelet, it was a simple gold chain bracelet and nothing to eye catching but still beautiful in its simplicity. There was a small note at the bottom of the box which Tony picked up and read.
Even getting abused because that is what you do for your best friend. You protect them no matter what.
“I know.” Steve replies. “I am just scared that you will grow bored of me.” Steve admits.
“Steve I know you trust you gut for everything but I really think this is just you being jealous and feeling like you missed you chance!” Bucky explains to him and put his hand around his shoulder and squeeze it in an attempt to soothe him. “Maybe it’s time for you to let go and move on from Tony and find a nice guy and settle down.”
“Are David the one for you Tony? Because it doesn’t feel like he is treating you right.” He admits and Tony looks Steve in the eyes.
“Then it’s okay. No means no.” Steve replies softly.
“It’s green sir.” A final kiss and squeeze on his side and he start to brace himself for the impact that was coming. The belt buckle opens and Tony drags it through the loops on the slacks giving an oddly comforting feeling even though he knew what was coming, but he was safe because he was with Tony.
“No I know… But I do know David.” His breath was caught in his throat and he don’t know if he should run as fast as he can or stay and hear her out. She remained calm and gave nothing away. Unlike Tony who thought there was a big sign on his head telling the world exactly what was going on behind closed doors. Of course that wasn’t the case but it felt like it.
His breath got caught in his throat. How could he possibly choose? “Can I have both?” He asks quietly and Tony just chuckles.
“Hey, it me. Pepper just texted me and they are going out tonight and I was thinking that maybe I could go with them and you could see your friends. You haven’t seen them in while.” Tony says and he can hear how David’s breathe get stuck and there is suddenly tension over the phone that had never been there before.
“Of course! I would like to meet him to!” Oh god what a complete lie, but he would do just about anything to see Tony smile even if it meant meeting his new boyfriend. Steve is almost surprised when Tony lit up and leans to the side to wave someone over. He turns around and sees the older man.
------
“Why do you always run away when we fight?!” Steve shouts to him.
Steve was kneeling beside him, but not the comfortable version where he leans back on his feet and rests his hands in his lap while looking down. No he was kneeling straight up and resting straight on his knee caps, a stress position he thought distantly. People used it as a torture method, because it hurt like hell. Of course Steve was not like most people and could handle the pain. But even he was struggling after an hour in this position and Tony’s gentle hand running through his hair and down to the nape of his neck didn’t help the situation. Slowly he was leaning back trying to ease the tension in his knees and legs but was quickly yanked up again by his hair and he winced slightly at the pain but was back in his original position. Tony hadn’t even broken his focus from the tablet and continued to pet Steve’s hair and neck.
Oh how wrong he was.
“I know Steve.”
“I have an early meeting in the morning so I have to go.” Tony excuses himself as he finishes his beer before he gets up from the couch.
“Color?” Tony asks.
Tony smiles at Pepper before changing the subject. “So I heard that Happy finally asked you out.” Happy who was the head of security of Stark Industries had been crushing at Pepper for almost a year and Tony had finally convinced him that Pepper would be lucky to date a guy like Happy.
Reluctantly he gets out of the bed and into the shower. Letting the water run over his body and wash away some of the sorrow and pain, it still clung to his body like a second skin but it felt a bit easier. When he was done he looked over the sink where Tony’s things were still in the same place as he left them. He should put that into boxes and give away he thinks but moves his eyes away from the sink and took a towel before moving back into the bedroom and to his dresser and takes out clean clothes for the first time in months it feels like.
It was in that moment Steve knew for sure that he would marry Tony.
David’s face softens and he looks at Tony with those hazel green eyes he adored. Tony lets out a breath he wasn’t even aware he was holding as he sees David’s entire body relax by his touch and assurance. This was good they were still good.
But Tony never showed up.
“Yeah sure we can share.” Tony agrees somewhat reluctantly like he doesn’t want to be caught with Steve by his side. They say their good byes and get their coats and head down the stairs. While they wait for a cab to stop Steve decide to ask Tony something he knows will not be received well by Tony.
There was a knock on his door and he just stayed quiet wanting people to leave him alone. But they hadn’t seen him and where worried along with grieving their friend. Steve really didn’t make their lives easier he knew that, he just didn’t know how to breathe without Tony by his side. Everything hurt. It just hurt so fucking much to know that Tony was the one who had to get cancer and die. When he had worked so hard to eat right and exercise and treat his body right after years of abuse.
