I think I’m panicking a little. I feel like people might laugh at me or something.”
“Holy
To Cas - 8/04/17 - 5:49pm: you’re cute, you’re kinda funny, kind of a jackass, smart
“S-sorry, I—”
Amelia’s eyes turn hard and angry, and Jimmy’s heart breaks at the sight of it. “We’re doing this, Jimmy.”
“The ties…”
that definitely looks like one of the stars of Halo Project. Well, that’s fucking random.
To Cas - 9/01/17 - 5:34pm: you inviting me over?
“What’s the rent like?” Castiel asks.
second floor apartment was yours, and I had to find you through trial and error. Your brother seems nice, by the way.”
Castiel is silent for a long moment, so long that Dean starts to fear he’s about to learn he won’t be going upstairs, but downstairs... but when Dean looks at Castiel he’s surprised to see an almost coy smile on his face. He relaxes, knowing with his entire being that Castiel wouldn’t smile like that if Dean was on the express train to Hell.
“I can’t believe I didn’t recognize you right away. I saw a great deal about you when the news first broke. You look different now, though,” Castiel says, mostly looking down at the package on the coffee table. “Your hair’s shorter, no beard, not so tan, less thin. The eyes are the same, though.”
“Yeah.”
“Is it okay to do craft stuff out here?” Dean says, already clearing things off the coffee table.
The man, whose name tag reads ‘Cole’, grins at Castiel. “You one of those jealous types?” He starts typing at the computer. “Don’t blame you, she’s a pretty one.”
dress, so now I always wear this to do art things. It’s my uniform!” Hael says. She frowns, looking Dean over. “Do you have other clothes to wear? Those look like nice pants.”
Dean doesn’t know what to say to that, but Castiel’s already walking away so it probably doesn’t matter.
“It’s uh… it’s hard to explain to people. I mean, what can I say?”
Dean doesn’t know what to say.
orange,” Dean says, flicking a finger against the offensively orange boxer briefs clinging to Castiel’s hips. “What do you call this color?”
, Dean. If you need grocery money, let me know.”
“I’d better,” Dean grumbles.
“No, no don’t buy a pressure washer for
“So,” Dean says, gathering the papers together and tapping them against the coffee table to straighten them out, “any questions?”
Castiel rolls his eyes. “True. Now I think you’re a child.”
“Yeah, buddy, I know. Hold on.” Dean disappears into the kitchen and comes back with a bag of frozen corn. He holds it to the bridge of Castiel’s nose, smiling affectionately.
Castiel crouches to set his items down, and when he straightens up again Dean gloms onto him like an emotional octopus, holding Castiel tight. Castiel stands, stunned and still for a moment before he remembers to reciprocate. He puts his arms around Dean and hugs him back just as tight.
“Dean,” the man says by way of greeting.
Castiel nods, turning to kiss Dean. “Absolutely.”
,” Hannah says, playing the video again.
“Who says he’s one of my favorite people?”
“We don’t have any wrapping paper… I suppose I could wrap it in cartoons from the newspaper like you did when you were younger.”
“I feel bad for her…” Castiel looks up again, Claire’s crouched on the floor, petting the cat. “She had a family, and they up and left her…”
“Wow, uh… I saw Claire leave hours ago, I figured you’d be… up.” Dean’s cheeks are turning red.
Victor snorts. “Of course Charlie found you.”
“We’re going out to dinner.”
“Keep going,” he mumbles, so Castiel does, sending warm, shuddering shocks of sensation through Dean’s body until Castiel comes into the thin layer of latex separating them.
James sets their sandwich down. “Really?”
“Wouldn’t surprise me one bit if Dean had a guy on his list,” Tessa says, “I’ve seen the look on his face when he watches Dr. Sexy.”
Castiel nods. “I understand. I wish… I wish we could have met differently, in that case.”
“This ain’t your damn floor,” Dean barks, and all three of them jerk away from each other in surprise.
Dean snorts. “Well, okay then.”
to offer money after fooling around with someone.”
“Don’t be ridiculous, Dean,” the blonde woman on Sam’s left says.
Dean nods. “Kids love chocolate.”
“I have a grave. Nothing fancy. Just one of those flat headstones. Next to my mom and my dad. When my dad died, Sammy wanted to have the family together, even though they didn’t have a body for me. I was… missing, presumed dead. So Sam did all the stuff to have me legally declared dead, so he could have ‘me’ next to my parents. There’s a coffin, and it’s got some of my favorite albums, and this pretty nice burgundy leather jacket I used to wear a lot, and some of my plaid shirts… my GED certificate, my guitar, my apron, my favorite cast iron pan… it’s all in the coffin and buried. Apparently it’s not that easy to undo that, so uh… kind of have to wait a while to get my shit back. Kind of wish I had my guitar. My dad bought me that.”
“I take it you didn’t watch the season finale.”
He follows Dean into the other apartment, feeling bold when he closes and locks the door behind him. Dean’s on him again in seconds, kissing him, steering him to the couch and shooing Sugar out of the way.
“Gordon Walker.”
“Your capacity for new levels of bitchiness never ceases to amaze me, kiddo.”
“Alright, but how was it?”
“Claire’s not quite ready for a pet, I apologize.”
“Or maybe…” Castiel’s hands flex once, sharply. It’s something Dean’s noticing happens when Castiel is nervous. “Maybe I could come see you? Driving is much cheaper, and I know you’re not exactly road-ready, but I am, and it would take half the time. If you’re interested. I could come out on Friday afternoon or Saturday morning, leave Sunday afternoon, and I wouldn’t miss any work.”
To Cas - 8/08/17 - 1:35pm: what the hell happened to you?
“You know. The right time to uh… to call.”
“Yeah, well whatever, I’m still not playing.”
Dean decides to give it another week in Wichita. He’s not really sure what he’s waiting for, but a week it is. According to his conversation with Charlie, Tessa and Ketch
“That’s right, that’s right,” Dean mutters, moving back in for another kiss, and another, and another, just in case this is all he gets, in case this moment ends and nothing is ever right again. Castiel is receptive to each kiss, even as he’s panting through the last shocks of his orgasm.
wanted to take a break, why the hell is she trying to keep tabs on him?
Castiel, still half dressed and probably in need of some hand washing just like Dean, reaches for his notebook and pen. “We’re professionals, Dean. We get back to work.”
Dean sighs. “Yeah, that’s for sure. No government agency would name itself fuckin’
To Cas - 8/07/17 - 4:02pm: woah they really want you back
“It’s been over a week! You haven’t called?”
He gets to his feet and looks through the window frame just in time to see Castiel swing Sam’s old cast-iron pan through the visage of a very angry looking old man.
“I should have prepared us healthy snacks for this journey,” Castiel says, gazing at their dinner with dismay.
“Biphobia.”
“He’s not nearby, Halo Project doesn’t film here, and I’m not
“Well… you didn’t let me down, man. Grief is…” Dean sighs. “It’s
“Okay, new me probably would too. Sometimes I bag on my brother for LARPing.”
Castiel chuckles. “Of course.”
“How about three pages,
“Alright, cool.” Annnnd that’s enough talking. This part of the walk is just uphill enough for Dean to be getting a little winded. This was a terrible idea.
There’s less of a rush this time, but it’s still not too long before they’re both reaching their orgasms and slumping against the wall with sated sighs.
but Muriel is a Krav Maga enthusiast, so…” Samandriel lets out a snort. “Self defense is another thing to remember. I know it’s depressing and scary, but…”
Dean's entire body goes rigid. “The fuck do you mean he’s
Castiel has absolutely no idea what Dean is getting at. “I’m afraid I’m a bit lost, Dean.”
“So… what helped you get through your breakup?”
“Well,” Dean says, unpausing the movie, “I’m glad we’re on the same page.” He flashes Castiel a coy grin before rolling on his side to face the television.
That was their
“Counselor.”
“You should be worrying about how you got here. You let someone kiss you, maybe you wouldn’t have done that, if—”
“He was on cocaine too, maybe that helped with expedience.”
“But—”
No, it’s fine. Dean’s going to enjoy his Friday, drink some beer, play “Who would you bang” with his friends, and pour himself into a cab at closing.
“Sammy didn’t tell you?”
Castiel feels a tense, uncomfortable lump form in his throat. He’s been trying so hard to get a bit of distance, he forgot to consider how it might affect
“That would be strange.”
or something.”
“What did you do before?”
“Proselytizing,” Castiel says, smiling a little.
Dad. Unclench, I’m not looking to
“In my defense, you’re a person. I’m better at reading crabs, prawns… coconuts… you’re gonna have to cut me some slack.”
Castiel Novak,” Sam says, shaking Castiel’s hand.
Lucifer wants to know who I’m buying a gift for, and you’re all bored enough to go along with him because it’s the end of the day.”
that sounds good. Okay, I definitely want a burger,” Dean says.
Dean forces himself out of the incredibly cozy bed, following Castiel to the bathroom. Hannah’s shower has fantastic water pressure, but Dean’s too distracted by Castiel to really enjoy it. By the time the glass panes of the shower door have started to fog, Dean has Castiel pressed against the wall. One hand is linked with Castiel’s, pressed into the pale green tile, while the other is working Castiel’s cock with slow, tight strokes while Dean ruts his dick against the cleft of Castiel’s ass.
“He’s old.”
“What, are you disappointed?!”
“I’d still enjoy this more if they weren’t here,” Dean says, sighing as a deer emerges from the forest and starts walking closer, sniffing curiously at a nearby tree. Dean understands that; most of the trees in the forest are dull and dormant for the approaching winter, but the ones surrounding the house are much more alive.
“Sometimes I’m not sure that she and I really connected. I loved Amelia, of course, but I…. I’m not sure I would have married her if my mother hadn’t died. My mother
“Well, like half an hour ago. But yeah.”
too?”
“Oh yes, we had a good talk.”
“Well… for one, you made
At first, Dean just sits on the bed, trying to be calm. He has a date. No, not a date. Two friends hanging out. Maybe it
Claire rushes forward to hug Castiel, and he gives her a solid squeeze before Sam comes back in holding two plastic jars.
all the smiles James has given him in recent years pale in comparison.
breasts, so I thought—”
Castiel looks a little surprised. “Nah?”
“Nah, I’m gonna keep moving stuff from the car in.
,” Dean says, voice emphatic and hoarse. “I mean… uh… lunch is gonna be ready real soon.” He scrubs a hand over his face, muttering “Fucking Christ” as he turns toward the kitchen.
” Meg says sternly. “Don’t be scared of him, the worst he’ll do to you is stuff his nose in your crotch.”
From Cas - 8/23/17 - 12:42am: Oops.
“Uh… we’re going to go put shirts on,” Claire says when Dean’s grin turns to a glare in her direction. “Come on,” she says, pulling Kaia toward her room.
The feeling of shame only grows when once again, Dean notices Castiel coming outside to join him. He’s got a sleeping bag bundled in his arms, and when he gets closer, he unravels it to lay it over Dean.
fucking shrugs. “Well if you don’t want people feeling
“I, uh… I had a nice time tonight. Never really been to a gourmet pizza place before.”
Castiel is doing well, but Gabriel is visiting in two weeks, and Dean can tell Castiel is nervous as hell about it by the way he freezes up and gets all awkward and mumbly whenever he brings it up. Castiel made Dean promise to be there for the visit, said he felt more at peace with Dean there.
“Well, those places all do sound… far.”
“I need more information, Clarence. Just a nibble.”
“Are my wonderful sandwiches not enough?”
“I borrowed my sister’s car for the weekend, in case we need to make more trips to the store. I thought it would be silly to not use it to pick you up.”
“Summer’s barely over,” Dean grouses, “I’m fine.”
couch that smells just a little bit like honey. It’s a weird issue, this inability to sleep indoors if his body meets some arbitrary threshold for “too comfortable”. He’s certain he would sleep better on this couch, or on a bed, if he could actually get to the point where he fell asleep. However, something about the comfort and the four walls around him makes his mind too active, makes him think about the rocks and sticks and moss and sand he slept on night after night. His mind rarely lets him settle. He wants to curl up in this sweet-smelling couch and drift off, but that’s not happening.
“Where did you drive for pizza?”
“Dean,” Castiel says, “I am of course grateful, but you don’t have to—”
Castiel kneels next to Dean, smiling. He’s still in some clothes he borrowed from Dean, which should make him look more ordinary, but of course it doesn’t. “I have a few other homes. They’re all older than this one, and considerably farther away from California.”
“I’m getting there,” Claire says softly.
“Huh?”
“You must really enjoy giving oral pleasure,” Castiel says, tongue feeling lazy and heavy.
There’s so much Castiel wants to say, wants to ask. Who is Benny? Why did a visit from him trigger some sort of
“We don’t
Claire walks in holding their battered copy of The Fellowship of the Ring. She looks embarrassed. “Sometimes when I’m really… active and social, there’s uh… like a come down after. Like a sugar crash.”
“Or we could cuddle just like this until we’re stuck together.”
Sam.”
Sam nods. “Tessa’s your girlfriend.”
but that’s kinda it. My dad took it real hard of course, did a lot of drinking… he ended up in jail, and me and Sammy got shipped here from Kansas to live with my mom’s parents. It took a few years, but my dad did eventually get his shit together and moved out here too. He never had custody, but he lived pretty close. Sam and I got to see him all the time.”
“Couldn’t wait to bring me that pie, huh?” Dean says, smiling a little.
“Look, she’s fun, she likes me, and her roommate owns every video game console known to man.”
they just affect me differently, so I take whatever helps most with that situation, you know? I don’t use them all that often, I was drugged up the wazoo when I first got back, and I’m not in a rush to recapture that particular feeling.”
Dean gives Castiel an absolutely salacious grin. “Pent up, I guess.”
“I’m not.”
“Oh. Huh.”
“W-we are?” Castiel says, confused.
“Are you gonna call him?”
“I had this whole bit planned about how I caught Lucifer about to eat the pie, and so I thought I should bring it to you right away before he ate the whole thing. But that’s very… dishonest of me. I realized that on the way over. Me having a little story prepared comes from me feeling ashamed and trepidatious about my feelings.”
they hated each other.” Dean looks at Castiel thoughtfully. “Kinda surprised. Meg’s had a type since they divorced, and you ain’t it.”
“Honestly? I’m touched by the gesture, man. Have you been out there every night?”
Castiel sighs. “Jessica is
Nothing.
Dean really, really doesn’t. He’s not too worried though, the ideas always come. Late night will roll around, Dean and Castiel will be in their chairs with sports highlights and witty banter that’s only half as effortless as it looks. They always are.
“Cas.”
over his dull shirt, he knows it’ll look good over one of his old work shirts.
“I apologize, this is not my favorite location either. But, it does have the best…
. Dean, who was so afraid his personality was scaring Castiel off when they started to become friends. What an unbelievably foolish and selfish oversight.
Oh, how embarrassing. “
“He said you remind him of his idiot son back in Russia.”
“I’ll um… goodnight.” Castiel pats Dean on the shoulder and turns to go into his apartment, too terrified to see whatever expression might be on Dean’s face.
“Or ‘soul-suckingly-awkward’, you are a strong man, and I believe you will make it through. You have a lot of tools at your disposal, Dean. Things we’ve discussed here, medication, leaning on your brother, and you can always check in with my office for same day appointments. If you happened to go to that party Wednesday and found yourself not wanting to wait until the following Monday for your next appointment. Hypothetically.”
Dean looks back at the house. “Glad he won’t be storming the place to redecorate then, yuck.”
“I’m sure I don’t know what you’re talking about, Dean,” Castiel says unconvincingly, cheeks already turning red.
From Cas - 8/05/17 - 12:02am: I know. But if there’s no spark in the beginning, what’s there to build on?
“I have a feeling your body would eventually start to object to a diet consisting solely of breaded, deep-fried cheese.”
“I was under the impression that this wasn’t my soul’s intended destination,” Dean says tightly, fighting the intense urge to cry until his lungs explode.
“Which part is scaring you? The guy part? The ‘he’s your friend’ part? The strong feelings part?”
“Wait, I do have a talent,” Castiel says. He sticks his tongue out, curling it into a clover shape.
mean?”
brother.”
“Are you trying to take
Dean snorts, and socks Ash in his (naked) shoulder, and when they get out to the parking lot, Castiel sees why. Ash’s truck looks like it was pelted with stones, rolled off a cliff, blasted with a hose that only sprays mud, then left out in the desert to rust for about a decade. How does this even happen to a vehicle?
Cole looks like he just swallowed a live bee. “Oh, Jesus. Oh,
much pranking. Well… nothing grandiose, anyway. We were more likely to change the background on each other’s phones to something salacious, or slip soy sauce in the director’s coffee.”
“It’s really not a big thing,” Dean insists, “but Sammy thinks I ought to be up front with my tenants about it, so…”
Castiel remembers why he’s here, what he came to say. “I want you, Dean,” he says before he loses his nerve.
He starts to head back inside, and Dean mutters “Cas,” so softly he barely hears it himself. Castiel stops though, and turns back around.
“Thirty-seven years. But ever since we decided to leave, I feel like I’m in… stasis, like I’m waiting for my life to start. But I also get that this is your home, and that it’s hard to move and leave that behind.”
“You seem very… vexed.”
I’ll do, doesn’t he,” Castiel snaps, glaring around the room like it’s offended him.
“Nice outfit,” Dean mutters in a not terribly friendly voice. He's one to talk.
Claire grins up at him. “I’ll pick an awesome name for you, Dad.”
He resists the urge to cover his ears at the super sonic squeaks of happiness.
Castiel rolls his eyes. “You are consistently misreading me.”
Castiel’s beginning to wonder if he’s made a terrible mistake.
“Yeah, I mean… right now all I’m doing is hiding from my friends and wasting money, I could do that just as easily in Lawrence, you know?”
lost a tenant. Uh… well he didn’t
From Cas - 8/11/17 - 4:26pm: No.
“So, um… what are you going to make in your new slow cooker?” Castiel says.
Dean looks up at the sound of a chair moving near him, dismayed to see it’s Castiel taking Tessa’s seat.
Dean wrinkles his nose in disgust. “Let’s go downstairs.
“You seem
but that doesn’t stop him from waiting up the rest of the night, reading on the couch so he’ll be able to hear when Dean comes back.
Meg taps her fingernails on the tabletop, they’re almost distractingly red. “Come on, there’s something— some
“Heavenly Father,” Castiel pleads, gazing upward, “give me strength. I’m
Dean has a witty retort at the ready, but then Castiel is getting a hand in the waistband of Dean’s sweatpants and the snappy comeback leaves his mind, pushed aside by anticipation.
in so long, he forgot it existed. Peace and progress, it’s a good zone to sink into. His timing for things is slightly off, it’s been so long since he did this, but he’s still pretty happy with what he’s made. He wants to make garlic bread, but all Castiel has is generic white bread, and Dean just can’t do it. Maybe it’s been over four years since he cooked a real meal, but he still has standards.
“Ah, so a friend for life.”
“It’s a shower,” Castiel says. “If you cry, I won’t be able to tell.” Castiel wraps his arms around Dean and pulls him close.
Castiel feels his now typical nervousness as he crosses the hall and knocks on Dean’s door, but he powers through it. Dean is nothing to fear.
“I’m not sure that
“I just keep telling myself that I did okay at Castiel’s all weekend, and if I can do that, I can do this.”
There’s a sound like a distant scream, and quickly Dean turns to look back the way he came, heart jackhammering in his chest, and when he looks at the throne again there’s a man sitting in it. The man is dressed plainly, wearing clothes Dean would wear himself; well-worn jeans, a t-shirt with a flannel over it. He’s older than Dean by probably twenty years, with sandy hair and a friendly expression that Dean doesn’t trust for a second.
“He wanted to know if I was okay, I guess…” Dean says, shrugging.
“Well, that’s not worrisome,” Castiel says.
From Cas - 8/04/17 - 5:18pm: Compromise is important in any relationship, but so is staying true to who you are.
“Good, wanna see that,” Dean says, fingers dipping into the cleft of Castiel’s ass, rubbing against his hole.
Chuck’s shoulders sag in relief and he disappears back into his apartment. Castiel pulls his door closed behind him and sinks to the floor, leaning against it for support as he stares at Dean’s open door. His heart is still hammering away as he listens to Sam and Dean.
Castiel can feel his cheeks flushing with embarrassment. “Okay.”
May he
She looks… deadly. Tight black jeans, a black leather jacket, and black boots with heels that look like they could kill someone. Castiel has a moment of renewed panic about his own appearance until Meg whistles, cherry-red lips curling into a grin.
Sam narrows his eyes. “You sure you don’t just want to escape your girlfriend?”
“Har fucking har,” Dean says. “It’s a double date. This girl Sam asked out would only go if they could double with her
“He might not even want us living here.”
“Yeah, Cas?”
“I guess I got it in my head that this was like… a test or something, you know? And if Hael didn’t like me, we couldn’t—” Dean cuts himself off, because
“So, not quite as fast as ol’ Strawberry, huh?” Dean says as they both sit awkwardly on the couch. It’s time for the real world to come back, loathe as he is to admit it. They still have a script to write, a show to do, a meeting with Bobby in the morning.
Dean seems to consider this for a moment. “On the one hand, kind of… because the only thing more horrifying than my boyfriend finding my fan fiction is my favorite author fucking finding my fan fiction, but on the other hand, you’re
“M-maybe…” Dean’s voice cracks. He clears his throat. “Maybe they hadn’t thought about that.”
Dean tugs Castiel forward, away from the elevator doors which close behind him. “Tell me why you were crying,” he demands, voice even harsher. After a moment he frowns, relaxing his body slightly and releasing his hold on Castiel. “Please.”
“I’ll pay for the game myself!”
look nice. He’s not wearing anything special, just jeans and a green t-shirt, but he looks damn good. Dean probably shouldn’t have said anything, though.
“Did he?” Castiel says, as they both dry their hands on Dean’s shirt.
He didn’t drive here. Okay, that’s unfortunate.
“Do you think you’ll give it a try? You know, they offer free trials.”
“You don’t think I should be sexually promiscuous in low scale bars.”
kiss of my life.”
“You had such a hard time growing up, and I didn’t even see… I just want this new life to be perfect.”
Castiel looks back at Dean, the arch of his eyebrow plainly visible in the glow from the porchlight. “That’s it?”
To Cas - 8/04/17 - 5:55pm: and remember: no glove, no love
“Have you talked to Dr. Milton about that?”
“Just call him, Dean. If he doesn’t want to be friends, then you can deal with it and move on. Just get it over with now.”
have a good time?”
“Amicable?”
“Were you worried?”
“Kind of in an anti-seafood phase,” Dean says.
“Check on Cas for what?”
As much as Dean wants to just crash in his brother’s dinky one-bedroom house in Lawrence, he has work in the morning. There’s no way he’s going to feel like waking up at six so he can be in Wichita by eight and work by eight-thirty so he can spend nine hours having his life force sucked away by people that think everything his company does wrong is his singular responsibility. Hard pass. At eight, he heads back to Wichita, Impala blasting AC/DC while Dean tries hard to forget about Castiel, actor on some terrible show that Dean doesn’t even like. Why couldn’t this at least be happening with the guy from Doctor Sexy? Now
Dean smiles and nods. “I have no idea what any of that means, but sounds good.”
Castiel mumbles a little and shuffles closer to Dean.
“I like what I like,” Mick says.
“Isn’t that like... a girl job?” Claire says.
he’s being ridiculous, but that doesn’t stop him from stuffing his bag of sexual paraphernalia into his underwear drawer before taking a nervous, unnecessarily long shower.
“Should I be congratulating
“Me too. If I hadn’t have been fired, maybe I would have been content doing the show until it ended, but… I
okay?”
“We text every day and it never fuckin’ feels like enough. When we talk sometimes the sound of your voice sends shivers down my back.”
Castiel rolls up his sleeves.
“No, but I… I’ve wanted to meet you for a long time.”
to choose a gift.”
“Yeah.”
Castiel grimaces, at Claire, who grimaces back.
“Are you
“Yeah… I feel so broken sometimes, it’s good to know I’m not alone, I guess.”
They don’t talk about the night before. It’s not awkward or anything, but they’re not quite addressing it. They shared a moment, a nice moment even, but they’re not really picking at it right now. But, there’s also a moment when their ankles bump underneath Castiel’s little dining table, and Castiel doesn’t move his foot away, and neither does Dean.
That feeling is there once again tonight, as Castiel exits the elevator and walks with Dean down the hall of the fourth floor. They stop when they reach the end of the hall and turn to face each other. Castiel can hear the sound of Claire laughing and talking with someone.
“Hey. Cas.”
“Yeah, I know,” Dean says, unlocking the doors. “He was gone for a week in September, and when he came back his truck looked like this. Won’t let me clean it either, the fuckin’ weirdo.”
“Only if you’re willing to pay the two hundred dollar pet deposit,” Dean says, tapping the counter with one mitt. Castiel wonders how he managed to leave his apartment and knock on their door while wearing those.
“Then Chuck comes in.”
“It wasn’t
“Kate doesn’t hold a candle to you if you ask me,” Dean says.
Dean can feel Castiel’s eyes on him, but thankfully Castiel doesn’t acknowledge it. Some of that dumbass toxic masculinity shit is hard to let go of, even years after Dean learned what toxic masculinity was in the first place.
“Over there, in the corner,” Tessa says, voice awed. “No, the
“So he wasn’t there to—”
“Hey, I cried the first time I talked to my brother after a long time had passed, I get it.”
“It’s not like that, okay? I can’t
snuggling, but there’s still an odd “morning after” sort of feeling. In a nice way, Dean thinks. Like they shared something special last night and now they’re waking up together. It’s not all that far from the truth though, really. They shared something special. Dean showed up and changed Castiel’s life with his belated package delivery, that’s pretty special.
It’s bad enough he’s reading Dean’s stories without clearing it with him, surely Dean would have reservations about Castiel reading his
Castiel shakes his head. “I don’t want to risk it. Besides, even if he did… people break up, and… and—”
Castiel in turn talks about his daughter, his new apartment, his former job, and his deep love for knitting.
“That’s him. He did mention he knew you…”
“He’s a friend, only not really because he’s a dick and I hate him.”
“Cas, if you apologize again, I’m changing your contact name to Cuddle Monster in my phone.”
He closes the door behind him, and the sound sends despair-filled shivers through his body.
painted these.” He looks at Dean, who looks embarrassed.
“Don’t worry, Cas. I can keep a secret. Anyway, so your nose ain’t broken, but I want you to hold this here for ten minutes, then get one of the girls to bring you some Advil.”
Claire punches Castiel in the arm, as she has taken to doing when he accidentally misgenders or “deadnames” her. She said it was to create a negative association with her assigned gender and former name, but Castiel thinks it just makes her feel better.
“Two months here and already blackmailing your boss? God
on Castiel, who came dressed in a dark blue polo that fits… nicely on him.
“You look beautiful, Claire,” Castiel says. And she does. They found her a lovely dress at the mall last night, an item with short sleeves and a turtleneck. Claire loved the style of the dress, but to her dismay it only came in pink, which she said felt like overkill. She’s paired it with black work boots and white socks, and the black faux-leather jacket she picked out at the secondhand store months ago. Castiel thinks the ensemble is very
Mary grabs a slightly smaller bag of peanut M&M’s and puts it in her cart. “Nah.” She moves closer, pulling Dean into a hug, and for a moment Dean almost wants to cry at the sort of instinctual relief he feels from getting a hug from his mom. “How are you, baby? I didn’t know you were back!”
They both order medium burgers, and decide to split an order of onion rings on the side. The food is good. Dean lets out a few embarrassing moans when he’s eating his burger, but so does Castiel. Dean’s tempted to have a beer, but Castiel says he hates drinking even one beer if he’ll be driving, and Dean doesn’t want to be the only one mildly intoxicated.
“You got along very well,” Castiel says, clearly pleased.
but it’ll be worth it, I know it. I’ve got time.”
Castiel’s considering calling Meg to see if she wants to do something when there’s a knock at his door. It’s tentative, definitely Dean.
Castiel isn’t back at his desk thirty seconds before Hannah practically teleports to his side.
“Ugh, no Sam’s the fucking worst, he shops at natural grocery stores and eats salads every day. It’s horrible.”
“Sammy?”
“Yeah,” Dean says, staring down at his plate. “What about you? Got any… weird stuff?”
“Condoms and lube?”
is how he went about getting that information. The amount of effort it would take to pluck a soul from a living body and take it to Hell, even temporarily… and he just… he wanted to ask how I was?!” Castiel’s yelling now, pulling himself out of Dean’s arms to pace around the dead grass on the floor of their bedroom. God, this place looks pitiful right now, Castiel’s panic must have been
“I used to smell like Irish Spring, just like you, but then I got hooked on my ex-wife’s body wash.”
own.”
“Wow, you guys are like…
Dean’s about ready to chuck his half-eaten potato at Sam’s head. “How the hell did we get here? I’m not going to date him, I just don’t want to be the weirdo calling him before he’s ready!”
“So, uh…” Dean starts, wiping Castiel’s chin. “Claire, she um…”
Dean considers all this as he lies on Castiel’s couch, waiting to fall asleep. It’s been at least forty minutes since Castiel went into his bedroom, Dean’s no closer to falling asleep. He’s tired, but he’s not tired enough to fall asleep on this nice, awesome,
Dean groans. “Right. Okay, well… no t-shirts, I know that. And Sam practically cried when I showed up and he saw my jeans, so don’t wear pants with holes in them… I don’t know what else, man, I usually just show up in whatever.”
“Uh… hey.”
“I guess I can supply the chill.”
“Not like I watch it now. I didn’t know what the fuck was going on when I was a kid, I just cheered when my dad did.”
Dean pouts, and it’s this cute, sexy,
“You’ve got what?” Jimmy says from the stove.
“Must you disparage me to strangers?” Castiel grouses.
“Not as much as I should have, I suppose, but certainly enough to start a small flower shop if I wanted.”
Meg directs Castiel to drive to a lovely and overpriced French bistro a handful of miles away. She reminds Castiel that dinner is on her, then says “But if you get lobster, you have to put out.”
Castiel nods slowly. “I can, but… I was hoping you might come with me. If you wanted. If Bobby was okay with it. We wouldn’t have to give up the house or anything, and Sam could probably keep an eye on it for us.”
“What, I’m just asking about your weekend with
“What’s me?” Dean says, rocking against Castiel’s erection.
“No… and it was so long ago I probably wouldn’t recognize any of them on the street.” Except Gunner Lawless. That guy was built like a truck, fucked very much like an aging wrestler on steroids, and Dean couldn’t sit comfortably for a week.
“Is there anything I can do, as some random dude that wandered into your house an hour or so ago?”
“Plus you have to be actively seeking work, and I don’t see you booking many jobs in
” Dean says, pulling away from the curb.
From Cas - 8/04/17 - 11:56pm: Honestly, I wasn’t really feeling “it” with Inias, you know?
“Yeah, yeah. Speaking of impressions, don’t tell anyone that I’m a seventeen year old that gets
“Yes! Said to preside over Thursdays.”
Castiel quirks a small smile. “Lucifer.”
Castiel seems too shocked to do anything back, but Dean notes that time has started moving normally again. Sam is dragging Dean’s body to the pyre. It’s nearly time to go.
“If you want to come by later, maybe I’ll let you snatch up a few things.”
Claire shrugs. “Well
It all feels like too much stuff, then not enough. Some of the things he takes, like his autographed Game of Thrones DVD box set, aren’t things he needs, just things he figures he should take in case he never comes back, or Tessa gets pissed and burns all his shit.
Dean smirks. “Do you tell people that you fucked their moms like those assholes on Xbox Live?”
“Does she still collect Hello Kitty merch?”
Dean would very much like to watch Castiel get himself ready, but he can’t, because Castiel is determined to kiss Dean within an inch of his life. His kisses are needy, urgent. He has a good hold on the back of Dean’s head with his free hand, and he’s rocking just slightly in Dean’s lap.
“He’s the
The bed dips with Dean’s weight, and Castiel feels his breath catch when Dean pops the button of his jeans. “Still ready?” he says, pulling the zipper down slowly.
He closes the door behind him, looking around the room with raised and probably judgmental eyebrows.
“Hey, it’s Cassie’s new
“Cas, I really appreciate that, but… you don’t need to do that, okay? We got a system. Chuck’s awake at night anyway, he calls Sam, Sam comes.”
It’s snowing, which it sometimes does at this time of year in Oregon. Castiel had been looking forward to this part of living in the Pacific Northwest; he had visions of the gray skies, the big flakes of snow, and gazing out the window, curled up on his new couch with a big mug of hot chocolate clasped in his hands. It took a while to get to this point, apparently it
Now Dean’s getting embarrassed. “I might have.”
The next week or so passes by slowly, and Dean spends the entire time in his motel room eating shitty delivery food, sitting around in his underwear, watching more television. At some point he went from taking a few days to deal with an emotional blow, to wallowing in self pity. He knows that. He just… needs to get this out of his system. Then he’ll go out, find a new job, actually get back to his friends,
“A package? The one from Gabriel?”
“Don’t worry, Cas, you’re making them look good.” Dean’s hands smooth along Castiel’s thighs, thumbs teasing the edges of Castiel’s returning erection. “But, I think I’m gonna take them off of you. Sound good?”
“So… there are multiple high schools to choose from, but I would hate to enroll you in one and have to change it when we find a place… so I’m going to give that a few days, is that alright?”
Every time Castiel feels pressure near his prostate his toes curl, and he can’t help but gasp, moan. He’s never heard himself sound this way; breathless and vulnerable as Dean’s gentle rocking turns to smooth, firm thrusts. He moans Castiel’s name and brings their lips back together. They kiss like that for another minute, and then, emboldened by the tie still around his eyes, Castiel pushes at Dean’s hips until he pulls out.
“Halo Project doesn’t seem so bad now, I take it?”
good in honor of your news,” Dean says with a wink.
Dean looks at Castiel with disgust. “Sufficiently lubricated? Stop, you’re gonna get me hard.”
“Having a therapist helps a lot,” Claire says with a grin.
“You can tell me about it, though. I want to hear anything and everything you are willing to share, I promise.”
“You don’t need to fix my
“I do, but I’m missing the hammer. And the pliers. And the level. My sister borrowed them and I never saw them again.”
” Dean says, curling his tongue into a simple curve, “not whatever witchcraft you just did. What else can you do?”
“Oh,” Dean says, shrugging. “Alright, here we go. Breakfast of champions.”
“The only employee I met with was the lovely redhead working there.”
“But we can’t drop everything and leave every time someone reacts badly to me, you know? There’s no perfect place to be trans… someone is always going to have a problem with that. Especially since… judging by your old pictures I might be passing less once I hit my mid-twenties. If I don’t do HRT. Anyway. I like the lives we’ve made here, Dad. I like my friends, and this apartment, and
“Hi,” Dean says gruffly, as though Castiel has managed to upset him in the two or so hours since he was last here. “This is for you. And Claire.”
“That is one
“Struck out, huh?”
“I’m the experienced one here, Cas, you have to defer to my expertise. By the way, you came first, which means you have to sleep in the wet spot.”
Michael looks confused. “Pan?”
“Awesome. Now take off that thing so you don’t get meatloaf all over it.”
“Never. Well… I suppose there was Abner back in middle school… I thought I had… but then he moved… and it never really happened again, and… and eventually I met your mother…”
“It’s my own silly stubborn streak. The longer I went without finding an answer, the more I wanted that answer.”
he’s happy, and I trust him not to lie to me. And… and a lot of the time I can
After an hour Dean excuses himself to the backyard, where Bobby is smiling to himself and turning his array of well-seared steaks over. It’s Bobby’s party, but him being absent for huge chunks of it is no surprise.
It’s cold, that’s the first thing Dean’s aware of.
Dean wakes up, and he’s not alone.
“Well, if you don’t
Castiel gets his shoes on and follows Dean out of the apartment and over to the elevator. The doors slide open with a soft ping, and Castiel’s jaw drops.
“You want me to kick that guy’s ass?” Dean says, sitting in the opposite chair.
Dean’s posture relaxes a little. “That’s about the nicest way anyone’s ever told me I was unstable.”
Castiel keeps sleeping outside Dean’s door for the rest of the week, with no one but Claire the wiser. On Saturday, though, Claire has no reason to wake early, so she’s not there to wake Castiel up, and when Castiel
“Yeah?”
“Sooooo,” Sam says as he pulls his car out of the bus station’s parking lot, “how did it go?”
“No. Shut up.”
“I know you do,” Jimmy says, pleading. He grabs Amelia’s hands in his. “You love your child. You want James to be happy, to have a good life.”
“The moment you laid a hand on me in Hell, you were lost,” Dean mutters. He doesn’t even remember the name of the angry blonde angel who said it, but the words have never left him.
“Of course not,” Castiel says. He’s finished setting up the tent, and is now digging through his comically large hiking pack. “I apologize for not noticing sooner, the spirit was all but inactive until I opened the front door.”
The trip to Target goes pretty well. Sam is what Henriksen referred to as a “safe person”, meaning Dean can be around him easily, and often having Sam around makes it easier for Dean to be around others. Dean had been a little confused by the concept until Henriksen said it was “like a therapy dog, but with people”, and now sometimes Dean jokes about getting Sam one of those therapy dog vests.
As far as Castiel knows, Dean still hasn’t actually gotten one.
Castiel’s a bit surprised. He knows Claire’s school has its share of intolerant youths, but Claire is careful about who she’s friends with.
“I don’t know where to go from here. Do I try to do movies? Do I hope to get another show? Do I wisely invest my money and never work another day in my life? All these questions that I was ignoring for the most part until the visit, and now I feel… rudderless and
Claire pauses in eating her cereal, looking confused. “Why? There’s a bus.”
me? Pass. Besides, the only ones good at hiding their pity are you and Bobby. You know I saw Jody last week and she started crying? She was on duty, man. People thought I
“You do, and yeah, being misgendered hurts my feelings, but it was a mistake… and while you’re spiraling into a fit of paternally charged self-loathing and cis guilt, I’m the one stuck in a car with you, worrying that my pain is hurting your feelings.”
Like they’re in fucking New York or some shit. They spend over an hour in line, talking, laughing, and looking pretty damn good in Dean’s opinion. Tessa’s co-worker Billie shows up, and Tessa makes a big show of introducing her to Victor. So apparently this is also a fixup for Victor’s chronically single ass. On the plus side, Billie apparently knows the guy in charge of letting people in, and she’s not there three minutes before they’re being waved inside. Ketch almost gets left outside, Dean has to work hard not to laugh.
“We’ll need a few minutes,” Castiel says, “but I know we want an order of mozzarella sticks to start.”
struck out.”
It’s three minutes after seven when Castiel knocks on Meg’s door. Immediately, he hears the sound of hounds howling inside, and Meg yelling “Alright, alright, settle down!” before the door opens.
“And here I thought Claire was the mouthy one,” Dean says cheerfully, clapping Castiel on the back so hard that Castiel drops the pen.
Castiel looks as he wolfs down his meal.
at three in the morning. He hasn’t finished sleeping for the night, but he’s alert. Like, too alert. And chipper. He chats the whole way to the bus station, saying how different everything looks this time of night, how riding a bus sounds fun, and “maybe we should go on a bus trip, Dean!” and how he feels like he should go for a jog when he gets home.
“It feels rude to walk into someone’s home willy nilly.”
Castiel looks at the door, then back at Dean. Like he wants to stay. Dean wants him to stay. But Sam will be here. Plus… plus it’s probably not a good idea.
“You’ve come all this way.”
fucking weird having the various denizens of the forest around. They don’t help clean or any shit like that, apparently Dean’s life hasn’t gone
“What’s your job?” Castiel says before he starts actively eating Tessa’s dinner.
“Dry humping’s more like it.”
“Loving the long briefs,” Dean says, plucking at where they rest over Castiel’s thighs.
“Breathe, man,” he says, flexing his fingers on the steering wheel before killing the engine. “This is only a big deal if you make it one.” He takes a deep breath, then another ten… maybe more.
you want now?”
good. It feels like the shower Dean took at the embassy in Thailand, his first cheeseburger when he got back to America, smelling Sam’s coconut-lime body wash for the first time in four years. He wants more of it, he can’t help but want more of it. His hand is gripping Castiel’s short strands of hair as he rolls onto his back, pulling Castiel on top of himself. Castiel lets out a little moan into Dean’s mouth and pulls back, staring at him with wide eyes.
“Sympathy. Sympathy’s a better word. According to Sam, anyway.”
Castiel stands and snatches up his things while the partners snicker like children. “I loathe every last one of you,” he says, storming away from his desk.
Castiel looks up at Dean with a raised eyebrow. “Yes… honey?” he says dryly.
It’s upsetting to imagine.
Castiel lets out a soft, stunned inhalation, but he doesn’t pull away. Tentatively, he brings their lips together again. “Thank you,” he whispers.
“Awesome! We have
That could mean anything, but Castiel knows his answer. “Of course, Dean.”
“Okay?”
“Your brother… LARPs?”
Dean.”
Once in awhile Dean glances up from his work and he’ll catch Castiel watching them, with an almost indescribable smile on his face. It makes Dean’s heart go crazy every time. Castiel doesn’t offer to help, instead spends the day on crosswords, reading a book, then disappearing to make dinner. He practically has to drag Dean and Hael away to eat their macaroni and cheese, they’re very engrossed.
There’s a cracking sound, and Castiel and Dean both look down at the remote Dean’s just broken in half.
“All I’m saying...” Dean sighs, moving closer to Castiel so he can take one hand in his. “All I’m saying is, you know me better than almost anyone, Cas, but that doesn’t mean you know my every waking thought. And I wish… I wish you hadn’t assumed you couldn’t…
“I knew I liked you for a reason. That was some grade-A sass there, Cassie,” he says, practically bursting with pride.
“I don’t have a weird thing.”
?!” Dean barks, anger boiling through his spirit.
Dean takes out his wallet, plopping down a business card for Dr. Josie Sands, DDS on the coffee table. “Miracle worker. Did the whole thing for the low price of some embarrassing before and after photos and a promise that I’d hand out her cards when appropriate. So uh, that’s for you, if you ever find yourself in need of some dental work, head out to Wichita,” he says, winking.
Claire was James for nearly seventeen years, it will take more than a week and a gung-ho attitude to adjust to the change. Claire remains patient, though. Almost bafflingly patient, given all she’s going through.
“You will see Sam again, I promise.”
“There are none to spare,” Castiel says, flipping to where they left off in the book.
“Cas.” Castiel looks over, eyes piercing, always so piercing, Dean almost has to look away. “How did this not come up in the past twenty years?”
“Yeah, I do.”
“So… you’re here to reap me, then?” Dean says, looking at Sam once again. He supposes he can’t follow Sam forever, not without turning into some broken, crazed specter. And if it had to be anyone ushering Dean to the other side… well Dean can’t think of a better choice than Castiel.
“You want to share a bed?”
It feels like a big deal. This isn’t some minor bit of trivia like the day Dean realized Castiel sorts his M&M’s into separate colors and eats the piles in alphabetical order, this is a big piece of Castiel’s past.
“No pineapple?”
“Two and a half then. You’re my favorite so far. The kindest. The most brave. The most loyal.”
Dean looks like Castiel just popped his balloon. “Cas, we don’t have to—”
“Hey, Cas,” Dean says, hoping he sounds easy going. “How was your date?”
The man at the check-in counter unsubtly eyes Claire up and down as he waits for the system to boot up so they can purchase a room. Castiel’s never really been in a fight, but he’s vividly picturing lunging across the counter and punching the man in the face.
The division of friends, assets,
“I don’t even want to sleep here.”
Dean hasn’t made a move on Castiel since The Incident. He
Not long after that Castiel puts Hael to bed while Dean cleans up scraps of wood and plucks some glue stuck to the carpet.
For some reason, he calls Charlie.
He clears his throat awkwardly, then pats Dean on the back once before letting go.
“Huh.”
“Benny was here.”
((Nine weeks post-rescue))
and scared the shit out of us with all the fire and brimstone crap. I was scared to sleep for weeks, and you’d come in every night and read to me until I fell asleep. Every night until I wasn’t scared anymore. You remember?”
“It’s a bummer, and it’s over, there’s no point in going over it.”
“Last year.”
“I wonder what the people in Pontiac would say if they could see us now?”
“Look, don’t worry if you feel overwhelmed and frantic the first few days, you’ll get the hang of it,” Rachel says. She lowers her voice a bit. “And don’t let the partners intimidate or bully you. Michael, Lucifer, and Raphael can be… rude, even scary, but all hiring and firing goes through Gabriel. Lucifer can
Castiel breaks their kiss to look down at Dean. “
“Yeah, but do you
“I just took it out of the oven,” Castiel says, stepping to the side to let Dean in. Dean gets hit in the face with a whiff of
“Sam—”
“Other forests. Alaska, Ireland, Brazil, Australia…” Castiel gets a distant look on his face. “Goodness, the house in Ireland must be four hundred years old by now, I doubt that one is still there.”
“This weekend!” Oh fucking hell, calm
Castiel grins. “Very smooth.”
“Absolutely,” Tessa says.
“That’s all I’m saying, Dean,” Castiel says sternly. Dean’s hips twitch in Castiel’s lap, and Dean bites his lower lip.
“Nervous,” Castiel says. “Interested. You?”
“This is it, Dad.”
Dean wakes stiff, chilled, and… cuddling a wild rabbit.
of his work, so they’re not awkwardly starstruck, though Benny does talk Castiel into taking a photo with him so he can blow his daughter’s mind later.
“We didn’t see the place yet!”
“Oh come on,” Sam chides, “don’t ask him that.”
“Please don’t go.”
great with addressing the chessboard thing. He comes off awkward and coddling, like maybe if he says it the wrong way, Dean’s going to start screaming and pulling his hair out.
years ago, and Dean’s poor dick is fine now, thanks,” Dean says, crossing his legs and glaring when he hears Victor and Ash snicker.
“You’re kind of like… easy to hang out with, you know?”
Jesus fucking Christ, this guy is precious. “A raid, huh? You gonna take down the big boss and kick his ass with your uh… troll… magic…?” Dean tries.
“How about you tell me whose name you were gonna say, and… we won’t talk about it at all.”
“You have.”
“Wish I had some advice, but… all my dates were prior to tenth grade, and most of them were group dates. Also I was living on the wrong side of society’s gender binary. I can tell you that talking excessively about your ex on the first date is a bad idea. Hael did that. Like… she wouldn’t shut up about him, actually.” Clare’s glaring at her toast now.
Hael nods emphatically and starts pulling supplies out of her bin. “I’ll do that on Friday!”
THE END
James grins, and it’s so
Castiel grabs a newspaper he bought yesterday and flips through to the classifieds. “Lots of receptionist jobs in here.”
Sam shrugs and shovels a forkful of spinach into his giant mouth. “Just wondering,” he says around his mouthful.
“You know the risks of knocking on my door before noon, Dean-o. Who’s the blushing guy?”
Castiel only has one eye open, but it looks concerned. “You did?”
“You better uh… you better get going, Cas. I’ll save you some garlic bread.”
Impala67: HOW
Castiel ventures a glance at her; she’s beaming. “Thank you, Hannah.”
fucking pie. And the best...
“Like… you’re in here all the time. I’m not even sure I remember what your face looks like.”
“Coulda fooled me.”
“Oh Jesus,
“But why? No one in our group would stop being your friend, you know. And anyone that would… well fuck them.”
Claire’s a competent enough driver, but she failed the written part of the exam when she took it last year, and she hasn’t tried again yet. It was just a couple of weeks before she came out, Castiel assumes she was perhaps a bit unfocused during the test.
“Yeah, uh… Sammy hung them up when I was out one time… I decided I didn’t hate how it looked, so I kept em’.”
“Think they’re getting hungry in there.”
Castiel knows he wants something vulgar. “My
“I’m aware.”
,” Castiel moans, toes curling as more of him goes into Dean’s mouth. Dean says something in response, but his mouth is too full of Castiel for the words to be intelligible. He has a tight grip on Castiel’s hips, but after a moment he starts smoothing his hands up Castiel’s sides, to his chest. His thumbs tease at Castiel’s nipples, just enough to have him squirming, cock twitching in the warmth of Dean’s wonderful mouth.
Claire leaves, and then Castiel’s alone in an empty and mostly unfamiliar apartment. It’s lonely. Castiel makes it all of forty minutes before he decides he ought to go about finding a job. He calls about the receptionist positions from the paper. One has already been filled, two are looking for someone with receptionist experience, one Castiel hangs up on after realizing the person is disappointed that he’s a man, and one schedules an interview for Monday.
,” Sam pleads.
“I think date number two is going way better than date number one.”
The thought of running into Lisa or Pamela while he’s all bearded and sad doesn’t sound appealing at all, though.
Castiel is holding Dean’s right leg up for a better angle, and Dean’s thigh burns, and it’s hard to move enthusiastically because the air mattress isn’t as firm as a regular mattress, and Dean is still in heaven.
The stairwell door at the other end of the hall bangs open and Sam comes running toward them, barefoot and wearing a pair of Iron Man sleep pants with a bright pink t-shirt that’s at
Castiel doesn’t seem to mind the fact that he’s being felt up by some guy, and Dean has no idea how the woman plays into this, but she certainly seems to be part of their dance. Castiel looks happy, eyes closed as his hips sway sinuously to the music, rocking back into the guy he’s dancing with. Jesus Christ, get a fucking room.
Castiel’s heart sinks. “So… you would like to be sex friends?” Meg uses the term “fuck buddies”, but Castiel can’t bring himself to say that out loud.
“Hey if I can stuff my face while you feel like a good caregiver, it’s a win for both of us, right?”
“I teach third grade over at Ellsworth Elementary.”
“Hey.” Claire is sitting next to him, Castiel has no idea when that happened. “It’s okay, Dad. It’s me, a kindly bisexual trans girl from Illinois. You don’t have to be scared.”
“You’ll find other stuff to do. You’ll read. You’ll buy cat toys on Amazon. You’ll learn to cook without using a microwave.”
“It was a symbol, it’s okay. It was a symbol and I don’t need that symbol anymore. It got me through a lot, but I’m home, now, I can have other things to look forward to. Like showers, and food with seasoning on it, and toilet paper, and all the fresh water I can drink. I’m okay to let it go. And even if I’m not,” Dean says, trying for a smirk, “I
“I’m not scared.”
for his next book, but not really a plan. He brainstorms frequently, putting ideas here and there. Maybe an outline for a scene, maybe a conversation. It’s in this restless period that his writing gets less linear and more piecemeal, but he always makes it work in the end.
Dean gets that faraway look as he often does, a look Castiel finally understands. Castiel nudges him with his foot.
“Yes,” Castiel mutters once, or maybe a dozen times.
“You know I’ve read online that the cast of your show is
Castiel shudders, pushing back against Dean, smiling at the hardness he feels. “You have my attention… and I see I already have yours.”
“Why? He doesn’t even live here!”
“You oughta try knitting, great peaceful activity.”
“Cool.”
Dean’s server finally shows up with Dean’s steak tortellini and Tessa’s shrimp gnocchi, which gets set down in front of Castiel.
supposes it’s official. It also seems like a waste of money, as they’ll need new state ID’s after they move. They put their old ID’s in a fireproof box with things like birth certificates and old photo albums, just in case… well, just in case. Now that Claire has her new ID, her new (used) clothes, and her new hair, she needs a bit of distance from the reminders of “before”.
Almost involuntarily, Dean licks his lips. Castiel’s eyes track the motion. Oh wow. How long has this been there? Why is Dean just noticing now? Why did Dean think this was one sided?
“But I can tell you that even if things go poorly, or uncomfortably, or—”
This isn’t even legal, Amelia.”
“Regardless, don’t let her handle any of the sharper implements while crafting. A high IQ cannot make up for undeveloped dexterity.”
“He has a big dick, jeez,” Jo says.
Castiel lets out a confused and startled laugh as his tattoos start to glow. “You are very sensitive, aren’t you?”
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean grumbles, debating on getting up to get his hands on one of those damn strawberries, “don’t let it go to your head.”
A slow smile spreads over Gabriel’s face. Castiel was definitely not vague enough. “I
Dean shrugs, the confusing expression already melted away into something more casual. “So, where you gonna take Meg?”
It’s not long before Dean’s pulling up in front of a welcoming looking brick house, where Hannah is out front, laughing and spraying a flailing child with a hose.
“N-not
On Sunday, Dean gets a call from an unknown number, and against his better judgment, he answers.
“If you could stop undressing her with your eyes,” he hisses while Claire fiddles with some brochures, “I would appreciate it.”
Claire snorts, grabbing her backpack out of the backseat of the car. “Okay let’s get a room.”
“I think it’s for the best.”
He spends the rest of the day hoping Dean will come back and tell him everything, but that of course doesn’t happen.
“Come on, man, you’re living in a
“It was a
Now Castiel is staring at Dean’s mouth. This guy’s just a little bit off. It’s comforting. “Your mouth looks uh… fine now.”
“Your dad was a dick, Cas.”
He knocks on Dean’s door, muttering the line he wants to say over and over as he waits. “Dean, I want you. Dean, I want you. Dean—”
. “Yeah,” he says finally, “okay.”
of heads, tell him to get it right.”
They’re both exhausted and sore by the end of the day, but the porch and house are painted, and everything on Dean’s list is crossed off, aside from the bike. Dean and Castiel are both too tired to cook, so they order a pizza and stand out front waiting so the pizza man doesn’t step on the not-quite-dry front porch, then quickly tear through half the pizza in a matter of minutes.
“Kind of, honestly.”
“The man can
Which is why it catches him off guard when he walks into his small apartment on the afternoon of December twenty-fourth, to see that it is very, very much decorated for the holidays. There is rich green garland running along the edge of the ceiling of the kitchen and the living room, possibly into the other rooms as well, and that garland has silver and gold stars hung from it at even intervals. There are white icicle lights around the door frame and windows, cute snowmen magnets on the fridge, red ribbons tied on cabinet handles and table legs. The walls, which were definitely a mediocre shade of taupe when Castiel left this morning, are now
Finally Dean pulls away, arms and knees aching. Castiel’s clothes are a fucking mess with both their come. Gross and thrilling.
“Then go bother one of them.”
“Nah. Pretty hard to get an STD when you aren’t having sex. Just wanted to make sure before I went down on you.”
“Sorry, Dad! I spent like a
“Cas, it’s okay, we’re okay, I’m okay, I’m home now.” Dean gets out of bed and stands in front of Castiel, taking his hands. “Your dad wanted to know that you were doing okay, and now he knows, and meanwhile I’m back with you where I belong.”
Every other person Castiel’s seen in this building has been dressed like Castiel; business casual to business formal. But this man… this man has lime green nail polish on his toes.
technical, but all he did was bury it a few feet underground behind the house, and
Castiel glares. “Are we in high school?”
“Jesus,
“Sucks, though. That was a nice apartment.”
“Why in the world did you do that? Bug?” Castiel says, looking around.
They get a bit of a late start, but still manage about twelve hours of travel. Twelve hours of Claire singing along to pop songs Castiel’s never heard before and practicing what she calls her “chick voice” while she talks. She only asks to drive eight times, so it’s an improvement over yesterday. They both spend a great deal of time gaping at the scenery as they go further and further west. This is all new to them; Castiel’s never gone beyond the midwestern states surrounding Illinois, and Claire’s never been out of Illinois at all.
Castiel covers his face with one hand. “Oh, how embarrassing. I don’t get drunk often… haven’t been that intoxicated in well over a decade.”
Dean remains sprawled on the ground as Castiel resumes slashing through a fairly ridiculous amount of weeds and brambles. Seriously, this place looks like it was put under a witch’s curse… but like, a fairytale witch. Dean hasn’t even been in the house yet. Not that he’s in a rush, but he is curious. Castiel hasn’t made a move to open the dusty and weathered oak door, though, so Dean hasn’t either.
well you can take that up with our dear departed Dad, you bag of dicks. I’m the head honcho no matter how much you scream like a toddler… he hung up on me!” Gabriel grins at Castiel.
Dean pauses in lifting a pancake out of the pan. “For me?”
,” Dean says, winking.
From Cas - 8/23/17 - 12:36am: Ready Player One.
,” she says, voice full of derision. “That I threw in the trash.”
Unfortunately, Dean is curious too. “Can I see?” Dean asks, gesturing at Castiel’s laptop.
“Cas,” Dean says, putting a hand on his shoulder, “my closest friends for four years were plastic chess pieces, I’m not going to make fun of you.” When Castiel sags in relief, Dean adds, “old me would have though.”
“It’s alright, it’s not necessarily my business.”
“Ohh, I have one!” He sounds so proud of himself, it’s endearing.
He’s not going to mention that to Henriksen, though. He told the last shrink that, and it made their sessions really fucking awkward. He could always sense the giant pause in Dr. Tran’s sentence, where she obviously wanted to congratulate Dean on making eye contact or something.
Castiel taps the short hairs above his right ear and below his temple. “Grey.”
“My arms are getting a bit tired, too.”
“No, that’s… that’s not what I want.”
Castiel sets his book on the floor and swings his legs out of Dean’s lap. “If you are concerned that I will find your desires humorous or worthy of judgment, please know you don’t need to worry.”
“Alright, well… now that I’ve got you buttered up, tell me why Claire going to school made you cry.”
Castiel steps closer, as does Dean. A bag of potatoes falls on Castiel’s feet and it doesn’t matter, because Dean is kissing him.
not getting drunk.”
Cas,” Dean finally says. He moves his right hand away from where it’s clutching Castiel’s left wing so that he can point at the raccoons just a few feet away.
Castiel scoots to the side of his bed, and Claire clambers onto the bed, all limbs and blonde hair.
Lucifer looks at Dean then, smiling that shark-like grin again. “I think so, whether you want it or not.”
“I guess.”
“Well if I come back, you’ll have two.”
“Good answer. My brothers like having wide-eyed interns for the position, but that’s gone pretty damn poorly over the past several years, so we’re trying it this way. There’s a lot of filing, typing, scheduling, fetching shit, sometimes driving to fetch shit… you good with all that?”
“You look nice,” Castiel says as he steps into the apartment.
Castiel narrows his eyes. “What
since yesterday? His eyes are confused at first, then wide as he awkwardly disentangles himself from Dean.
not—”
“The kids,” he mutters to himself. Dean’s pride for his baby brother swells.
Castiel takes the paper. “Disheveled?”
” Castiel sighs, rolling his dick into Dean’s hand. Distantly, Dean can hear a garbage truck beeping and crunching, reminding him there’s a world out there, beyond the limits of this air mattress and sleeping bag, but he chooses to ignore it. He focuses on the warmth of Castiel’s skin, the slide of his tongue in Dean’s mouth, and the tension Dean can feel building in his own body.
“Yeah,” Dean says, panting just a little. “I think he brought the Gamecube over. Ash is in there too… and Claire’s friends Kevin and Kaia. Video games bring kids of all ages together, you know. But uh… there’s no one in
Apparently Dean has a tattoo. It’s on his left bicep, and though it’s partially obscured by the sleeve of his t-shirt, it looks to be a pile of skulls.
“My ex-wife did.”
“Still. I’m not really… I’m just not feeling it right now.”
“I’ve uh… never been to that sort of establishment, but I like to think I’m open to new experiences.”
“You were finally free of Chuck’s designs, at long last… only to meet your end here.”
“I take it you’re kinda mad at him.”
“I really did have a good time,” Castiel says, feeling somehow ashamed.
“Uh, anyway… within months I had nothing left to learn about the... the island, nothing left to explore, nothing to do; just killing crabs with a spear I made from an ice skate, fucking around with the few treasures and knickknacks and chess pieces from the packages I’d opened, and finding things to burn. I held onto it after I got rescued, because it was
“Really?”
“Yeah, I was thinking the same thing before you got here,” Dean admits. “But hey, it… it doesn’t have to be a big deal. Maybe I just think it needs to be an event because uh… society… and stuff.” And the trashy novels Dean likes to read.
Dean hears a voice, a chant, saying words that sound something like spellwork. It’s Castiel, the rough, gravelly tone of his physical voice, and the piercing ring of Castiel’s angelic one blending together into a singular sound. He sounds frantic and angry, words coming out in a stream of Enochian that Dean has absolutely no hope of deciphering.
“That’s awesome, Dean.”
to Crown Heights from fucking seven miles away while drunk,” Dean says, throwing his hands up in exasperation.
look him in the eye. He’s not jumping when Sam scratches his ear too suddenly, or flinching when Sam laughs a little too loud. Actually he
” the man says, gesturing.
“Dad’s being super picky about it,” Claire says with a long suffering sigh.
God, Dean fucking forgot about that. “Well… well I guess we’re even then!” he stammers, embarrassed.
“I could drive you.”
Charlie sighs. “You’re no fun. Do you really think Tessa
writing?”
“Oh. Well, the point is, trying to force it isn’t going to fix anything. You’re just going to get more and more frustrated and eventually purposefully hit your head on the wall just so you can get out of it.”
the only one with those feelings.
” Claire gushes, “I’m going to eat them every day forever.”
(Monday)
or whatever… then you can decide if you want to bring them to Dean’s attention.”
Castiel takes out his phone and pulls up a list of area restaurants. “How about to celebrate our arrival, we go somewhere that
“My last date was a very long time ago, Claire. Perhaps things are different now.”
“I can… buy one.”
“I guess you’re right,” Tessa says with a big sigh, “maybe I should swap him out for Kelvin.”
He waits ten more minutes and then gets up with a sigh, grabbing his duffel bag on his way to the back door.
. Yeah, if I’d been here I would have busted your balls about all that shit, but I
just yet, there has to be something between that and kissing that they can be doing. He rocks his hips upward, toes curling in his shoes when he feels Dean, hard and
“Rigatoni and meatballs,” Dean says, grinning. “Warm and waiting.”
“Dean.”
For a second Dean genuinely has no idea who the fuck “Arthur” is, and then a cold roll of nausea clobbers him. “When,” he says, voice so thin he has to repeat himself to be sure Tessa heard him.
By the time the movie is halfway through, Dean’s lying with his head in Castiel’s lap, head turned toward the TV, Sugar sleeping on his stomach. Castiel would be content to spend every Saturday like this, watching this sweet movie, running his fingers through the short strands of Dean’s hair.
“Oh… kay?” Castiel says, still confused.
Dean loved those chess pieces though. They all had names. Rook Henry, Knight Pamela, Pawn Jenna. His favorite was Bishop Virgil, because he always thought Virgil was a funny name when he was a kid. They had names, and they had personalities. They were his friends, even.
“In my defense, I had
“I, uh… it’s, ah… you know, a way to pass the time,” Castiel stammers, closing his laptop and scrambling to his feet. His hair’s going in about thirty different directions and he has a crease on his face from whatever he was sleeping on, so Dean assumes he hasn’t been up long.
“Do I have to?”
Dean grins at that. “So, you’ve given this some thought.”
Meg rolls her eyes. “You’re really gonna beat around the bush about this, aren’t you?” She grabs him by the tie and pulls him into a kiss.
“I’m leaving,” Castiel says.
Castiel’s eyes are full of both tears and terror. “I didn’t… I don’t need you to reciprocate.”
Dean lets out a soft, happy little hum at that, then Castiel feels Sugar being lifted off his stomach, and after a moment he hears the door to the bedroom close.
That doesn’t make Castiel want to find Cole’s car and slash his tires any less, but he lets it go.
Amelia was inconsolable for days, crying at the sight of James, demanding he take his words back, threatening to sue Dr. Milton for perverting her son’s mind… all manner of hysterical vitriol that Jimmy would not have thought her capable of had he not witnessed it himself.
“You get this constipated look on your face when you’re trying to think of something to complain about,” Claire says.
Castiel knows exactly what Claire is getting at, and his heart breaks to hear it. “Oh, Claire…”
“Why would it? I think it’s amazing, Cas.”
“I’ll get the hang of it,” Jimmy says, opening the cabinet to grab the cereal instead. “Didn’t you say you had something?”
“Well
“I followed a drunk person outside out of concern, and then I drove him home when he told me he wanted to
“Thought you couldn’t read minds,” Dean says, checking to see if the front door is locked before pulling out his house key.
Castiel smiles. “I do. It’s not exactly cheerful dinner conversation, but if it will help you feel on more equal footing…”
“Strawberry colored.”
They gather the remains, which are in a heap on an old, ruined couch, and bring them to the pyre, including the cushions. Dean told Castiel the rot from the man’s remains might leave him tethered to the cushions and Castiel got this hilariously disgusted look on his face, like he hasn’t probably seen far, far worse in his life. They get the remains on the pyre, and Dean nearly jumps out of his fucking skin when the ghost appears a foot away, screaming in Russian and knocking him on his ass again as Castiel lights the pyre. The ghost turns and rushes toward Castiel, but burns away before he can make contact.
“I was twenty, your mother was twenty-one. We’d already been married two years by then, so…”
Castiel smiles as a friend request from Dean Winchester pops up. “I think I do too.”
Dean grins, then Castiel hears twin declarations of “
“No, my brother.” Castiel bites his lip, looking dissatisfied somehow. “I should, um… I should get to my lunch engagement.”
Okay, Dean can read that.
Castiel practically shoves Dean in his haste to get up and he hurries out to the kitchen, Dean trailing behind him. He makes a beeline for the stove, lifting the lid from the pot with the sauce and breathing in deep.
pair of pajama pants though. They’re black fabric, patterned with the face of Castiel’s character from Halo Project.
see him again, I’m just… waiting.”
“But don’t worry, this won’t happen again. I’ll make better wards.”
Castiel reaches over and laces their fingers together. “Dean, if you want to live on your own…”
not, and besides… I can be an atheist and still have an appreciation for theology.”
Castiel makes this weird happy little squeaking noise that Dean is instantly infatuated with. “I’m also bringing food, do you have any allergies?”
“I’m not looking to recreate what I had with Amelia,” Castiel says, exasperated. “I just want to feel the way I do when I’m with—” Castiel cuts himself off, realizing what he’s about to give voice to.
A shudder runs through Castiel as his vision is cut off.
The elevator seems to take eons, long enough that Castiel’s about to take the stairs instead, then there’s a
“Maybe your standards are too high. You can’t just step into a first date and expect to have what you had with your ex right away.”
“But I guess sometimes it just isn’t there. Or it
“You’re still good with next weekend, right?” Dean says. “Or do you want to wait?”
“Mhmm. Look at you, you’ve got secret crush written all over your face.”
“She still on probation for
. His jealousy has been more about how much he dislikes Ketch and less about a fear of losing Tessa.
“Good,” Dean says, clapping Castiel on the back. “You look nice,” he adds absently. Castiel
Castiel kisses Dean’s cheek. The grass and brambles closest to them are starting to come back to life, Castiel must be very happy. “You’ve seen too many Disney movies.”
“Yeah,” Dean groans. He can feel
Castiel smiles from behind his roast beef sandwich. “I’m fine with next Saturday.”
“The chess pieces are important to you,” Castiel notes. He’s sharp.
Castiel hears the door close, and then Claire yelling “OH MY GOD KAIA KILL ME NOW JUST KILL ME RIGHT THE FUCK NOW” before their conversation slips down to a less audible level.
for one.”
“Yeah, Cas?”
“I’ll be damned, you really
are still at the bar. His friends saw him staring at Castiel, and then Dean just disappeared. Fucking fuck, it’s been at least half an hour. Dean’s a fucking idiot, there’s no way Ketch hasn’t already told Tessa about this. Fuck.
“Yeah? With who?”
next weekend,” Sam says, grimacing at Dean.
“I think so. Maybe. I hate to close any doors for good. I certainly don’t want to be one of those actors that makes a big deal about getting out of acting and then a year later they’re back booking jobs.”
“So, if you hear yelling from my apartment… don’t call the cops or anything. It’s nothing. And… I’ll knock a few bucks off your rent for the month if it causes problems for you. Still on board?”
“What? No it’s not.”
“Right. Well, what are you writing about?”
Jane. Or Jennifer. Actually, let’s just steer away from J’s entirely.”
When Castiel comes home, he has a moment. A very intense, very confused moment. Dean is washing a lovely black behemoth of a car in the parking lot, his usual flannel traded for a very…
“Apps.”
all day, but you could try it.”
Dean sets the laptop on the bed and looks down at Castiel’s crotch. “Well that’s interesting,” he says, traces of upset immediately erased from his expression.
They start with the hair, and Jimmy watches with fascination as a hairdresser in Chicago transforms Claire’s unkempt mop of brown hair into a head of long, blonde tresses. He also takes detailed notes as the hairdresser, Samandriel, explains care and maintenance.
“But you love me anyway.”
Maybe he should have.
“Is your brother affiliated with any white supremacy groups?”
that I was going to get an erection and there’d be a pink tent and it would be super humiliating.”
They divvy up the rest of what’s in the apartment. Most of the furniture is Tessa’s, while most of the electronics and kitchenware are Dean’s. Tessa trades Dean her old laptop for his TV and his crockpot, then they play rounds of Blackjack to see who gets custody of DVDs they both like.
“Uh, hey, Cas. Castiel. Uh, it’s Dean. Winchester. We met the other day, like a week ago, remember?”
“Dude, it was years ago, I don’t remember what
Claire sighs, staring down at the box full of their past. “Does she know we’re leaving?”
Yesterday the power was out for eight hours, which Castiel spent on his bed, alone and huddled in a cocoon of blankets, coats, and towels. The roads aren’t plowed often enough, and without snow chains for his tires, driving from his house even just to Hazelnut Valley is mildly terrifying. The Christmas decorations Castiel ordered have been waylaid by the weather both here and where they’re distributed from, and it looks like they won’t arrive until
“Do you have any other secret houses?” Dean says loudly. “Maybe ones closer and less in need of upkeep?”
Dean pulls Castiel close, leaning in and kissing him hard. “Yes,” he all but hisses. Then he pulls back. “Oh wait. No, this won’t do,” he says, shaking his head. He pulls Castiel toward the bedroom, and Castiel smiles when he sees the mistletoe hanging over the door.
Castiel actually seems to be considering this. “I suppose if she were already undressed and sufficiently lubricated…”
An hour? Wow, this day has gone by so fast. Claire must be home already. “I can cancel, if—”
“Uh… apparently, yeesh.”
Wichita isn’t as busy as the mayhem that was Bangkok, but it’s still pretty busy. Cars, people, dogs, cats. Things that didn’t exist on the island. When he looks at familiar sights, it feels like he’s looking at things he saw on TV once, instead of things he knows because he’s lived here since his mom died thirty years ago. He should probably get out more, so this place can start feeling like home again. Henriksen would probably suggest that, if Dean had actually mentioned how disconnected he feels from Wichita, which he hasn’t.
“What? Who?”
Castiel drifts into the kitchen, wondering what he could make with his still incredibly limited culinary skills. He opts for bacon, eggs, and toast. Things that are hard to mess up.
No one calls to say there was some horrible issue with Castiel’s background check, so on Wednesday he gets dressed in black slacks and a tucked in white oxford shirt, shaves his stubble, and devotes fifteen minutes to making his hair presentable before leaving.
“No. I’m his—” Jimmy sighs. He keeps forgetting. “I’m
“You’re right, it’s a keeper,” she says, smiling with approval. She runs over to hug Dean. “Thank you for your…” she glances at Castiel.
“Cas no, he’ll kill me!”
“Cas,” Dean says, kissing his boyfriend gently, “don’t be ridiculous. It’s fifty-fifty.”
“Dean, I don’t know what to say.”
“What if it lands on one of those states with ‘bathroom bills’?”
“You want to join them, or are you going to make your move?” Ketch says, voice frosty.
“I know…”
“Well, I um…” Castiel looks a little shy, suddenly. “I got some groceries yesterday, if you’re still amenable to cooking? I don’t want to presume—”
“My show films in Vancouver, not Hollywood,” Castiel says.
“Ouch,” Sam says.
“The same?”
“It’s a… point of pride?”
“Have you ever dated a guy?”
“Perhaps a furry friend will improve your disposition,” Castiel mutters.
Saturday is spent much like Friday, checking out rentals that for one reason or another aren’t a good fit. The day passes slowly and full of frustration, and by evening Castiel is sitting at the table in their motel room, wondering if Jasperville won’t work out after all.
“I don’t have a
“Stuff that hugs your body in an appealing way?” Sam says.
“Yeah, I’m uh… I’m not there.”
He starts walking in the direction he’s already facing. He walks slowly, chill working its way through his bones. What he wouldn’t give for a pair of slippers right now. This place is… there’s a wrongness to it, Dean can feel it down to his marrow, to the center of his soul. The wrongness of it clings to him with the chill of the air, and only grows colder as he walks. He wants to call out to Castiel, call out to anyone, but he fears breaking the oppressive silence with his voice.
To Cas - 8/26/17 - 12:00pm: second of all he is so not my friend
Castiel takes Dean’s hand, and looks down at him imploringly. “Confess,” he demands.
“You nearly died.”
Castiel lets out a wet sniffle, surprised when he realizes he’s crying.
From Cas - 8/23/17 - 12:42am: Oh.
From Cas - 8/04/17 - 5:37pm: What I mean is, we’ve spent a few hours together socially. I was wondering if there were things you noticed about me that are weird or off-putting.
“Do you think they’ll help us clean this place up?”
“Eavesdropping, Cas?”
all that shit. He really will get around to it.
“Okay, I gave it my best shot, but—”
“Brain nanny.”
“So—” Dean’s voice comes out cracked; he clears his throat. “So, is that what you’re writing down? That you killed him?”
“Pardon me,” Castiel says, “I’m late for a lunch.”
Sam looks at Dean with his big, dumb, puppy dog eyes. “You mean that?”
Dean hears Jess yell “Bar wench! This isn’t what I ordered! Over my knee, with you!” which is just something he never needed to picture ever.
I thought you frakking died!” is the first thing Charlie says when she answers.
“Can we wait? Just until… until the pyre.”
“Fucked if I know, she’s not mine. Assholes left her here and won’t come pick her up. I call her ‘that annoying thing that peed on my rug and got white fur all over my couch’.”
, though, Gabriel. I received it not twenty minutes ago.”
“I’m nervous too. I like you a whole hell of a lot, Cas.”
sore spot for you.”
Castiel can feel his face flush. “If I say yes, can we skip talking about it?”
“I’m not blushing.”
in World of Warcraft, Dean.” Castiel sounds so offended, and it’s the tone of his voice mixed with Dean being slightly exhausted that has Dean laughing so hard they have to stop at a gas station so Dean can pee.
“I do a drag show on weekends, and when I first got to Chicago I didn’t have anyone to help me with my look… but I found loads of great tips on YouTube.”
“What happened to the door, anyway?”
At seven on Friday morning his bus gets to Champaign. He sends a text to Sam, who doesn’t respond because he won’t be awake for another hour, then he walks two miles to a motel. There’s one close to the bus station, but it’s nearly forty dollars more. Dean can’t see dropping that much money when he has two working legs and he’s awake enough to keep going.
costume?” Dean stuffs the list back in his pocket. “I’ve got work to do.”
This is why they always hang out at the fucking bar, or at Tessa and Dean’s place.
“Yeah, speaking. Who’s this? More importantly, do you know what time it is?”
“Hi,” Castiel mutters, mortified. No one in Pontiac ever answered their door
for a cooking novice?” Claire says as Castiel sets the box containing the slow cooker on their table.
Dean feels tears coming, he’s not going to change Tessa’s mind, he needs this conversation to be over. “Okay. Okay, we’ll take a break. I’ll uh… I’ll go stay with Sam, or… or something.”
Mary frowns, probably trying to remember who the hell Tessa is. Dean’s pretty sure they’ve only met once in all this time.
feel nice buried in his ass. For now, though, he ruts against Castiel, the drag of skin against skin making him shudder and tremble just a little. He kisses Castiel again and again, and each kiss is longer, deeper, dirtier than the last.
“Exactly. And no offense, but I need to hang out with people my own age.”
“That piece of shit was supposed to spend another forty years desperately trying to remember what sunlight felt like on his skin, not checking out early.” Sugar jumps into Dean’s lap, and he immediately sags a little as he starts petting her fur. “So… yeah. Sometimes I have nightmares, and sometimes they’re real bad. Can’t say if there’ll be more soon, but there’ll be more eventually. And when it happens, you just gotta call Sam and he’ll come shake me awake or dump a glass of water on me.”
“Oh, you’re…”
Dean smiles. “I just haven’t been told my kisses are
“I think I have a girlfriend sort of!” Claire yells, even though Castiel is right in front of her.
autograph either,” he says.
“And cheddar. Gotta have some cheddar.”
Dean’s on top of him, and Castiel is
“Did you know,” Lucifer begins, signing the contracts Castiel put in front of him, “that when you have your Facebook page set to public,
Meg cocks an eyebrow, leaning forward with interest. “Go on.”
Dean shrugs. “Your head was really close.”
“Why not? You’ve got a good…” Dean makes a series of vague gestures with his soapy hands that Castiel hopes he won’t be expected to interpret. “... situation going on.” He sighs. “I’m no good at this shit, ask someone else.”
“Sam in there crying?”
Castiel nods. “There is.”
“Dick.”
“Call me Gabriel. And remember that gratitude when the other partners are yelling at you for not finding a typo in their monthly report or forcing you to drive back to the deli because their sandwich doesn’t have enough fucking pickles on it.”
Castiel pats Dean’s back as they start down the stairs. “There, there, Dean.”
“Sure I am,” Castiel says, gesturing to the laughably thin beads of sweat along his hairline.
“Salad.”
that’s so wholesome.”
Everyone seems to be collectively holding their breath. The noise of the bar fades into nothing. The universe seems to be whispering to Dean that this moment is Significant.
“I take it you kept that info to yourself, since I didn’t have any visitors coming to make me eat vegetables and get some fresh air.”
Oh, Jesus. Not this. “Tess, no. I’m not like… craving dick.”
“Damn. I’ve always wanted a hot groupie.”
Every so often Tessa’s hands tighten on the wheel, but she says nothing, and Dean’s afraid opening his mouth will just piss her off more, so he stays quiet too. When they get home she storms right for the bedroom and slams the door, and Dean has to assume he’s not invited.
this is your bluetooth… thingy for when you’re away from your desk,” Gabriel says, setting a hunk of plastic on the desk. “Should be all ready to go. I don’t recommend taking that home, or letting the other partners have your personal number.”
” Billie says, looking over at Dean.
” he snaps, “I’m
Castiel hugs her at the end of the night, and she kisses him on the cheek and thanks him for a lovely time.
Dean takes a bite himself. It’s good, he’s glad to know he hasn’t lost his touch. “Hey, I know what you mean. I just eat microwave burritos and cereal. And casseroles. A lot of casseroles. I haven’t really been up for seeing much of my friends and family, aside from my brother, so… they send their love through casseroles.”
“That’s a generous way of putting it.”
“I’m… still getting the hang of this. I went from living with my parents, to living with your mother, and sadly I never really developed substantial culinary skills.”
“I am.” Dean’s wearing an old t-shirt, boxers, and a ratty bathrobe. If he still had his beard, he’d look just like Chuck. “I just… I thought maybe instead of sulking alone, I could… um… sulk with you. If that’s okay.”
“For what?”
Castiel sighs. “Choice TV Actress. My co-star won. Anna Milton.”
Cas, I named the cat Sugar.”
“Are you worried he’ll out you?”
Castiel nods sadly. He
“I just… I feel like I oughta explain what happened last night.”
“Help what?
“Say you’re sick!”
I remember running out of the house with Sam in my arms, I remember
“My brother plays that game,” Dean says. Castiel lets out some odd, startled sound, jerking to turn around and getting tangled up in his blanket in the process.
“Dad, wake up!”
From Cas - 9/01/17 - 5:40pm: In that case I’ll bake something.
It’s not fair for Castiel to make Claire feel responsible for his pseudo empty nest syndrome. He smiles. “Then, I’m excited for you.”
” Castiel says emphatically, burying his head in his arms on his desk.
The basement comes back to life with Castiel’s improved mood and his typical burst of energy; the grass is tall, green, and crowded with white tulips, while vibrant forget-me-nots spill out of the planters hanging from the ceiling. The garden boxes at the other end of the room are an explosion of wild strawberries that look bright and appetizing.
wake he’s on Dean’s couch. It smells incredible in the apartment, but Castiel’s too busy feeling embarrassed to really appreciate the scent of bacon and something made with eggs.
“Oh. Good, I thought maybe you were entering the ‘I’m essentially an adult, so I’ll refer to my parents by their first names’ phase.”
Dean knew that was coming, but it still stings.
“That he sucks,” Tessa says, nodding. “We had some…” Tessa makes some vague gestures that Dean assumes relate to sex in some way. “But that was kind of it. Just another aloof dick. I don’t want to date him. I’m not even sure I want to stay friends with him if I’m being honest.”
Dean stares back at Castiel for a long moment, trying to fight the shame, the feeling that Castiel needs to go, that no one should look at Dean while he’s being
Dean grimaces. “That sounds real fucking long.”
“Gift from Blonde Ruby, leftover from getting a wisdom tooth hacked out.”
Castiel is annoyed but unsurprised to find Lucifer in his chair the following morning, feet propped up on his desk.
“Feels like I’m sending you off to prom,” she says.
“Yeah, Sammy’s a real do-gooder. Well, I’m Dean Winchester, call me Dean… and this is my building, or whatever.”
Dean swallows against the hard lump suddenly in his throat. “Well, what were you… what was
Charlie’s silent for a minute, likely trying to remember who the hell Gordon Walker is. “Tall, dark skin, kind of super unfriendly?”
“I’m honored.”
“Sorry, it’s just… your underwear is
“Not on
too loud for the sudden and throbbing headache Castiel has.
“And don’t worry, I won’t tell a soul.”
“Why is it a secret? If I didn’t have to worry about money I wouldn’t be dragging my ass to the customer service line every day.”
A minute passes, and Castiel realizes he’s still hugging Dean. A few seconds after that he realizes Dean is still hugging
Yes. “No, of course not,” Dean says.
“It’s okay to miss her, Claire.”
“I was fucking pissed for a while, but… there’s worse places to be locked up, I guess. Besides…” Dean looks at Castiel, eyes full of more hope than Castiel has ever seen. “I knew you’d find me eventually.” He holds one hand out, and Castiel timidly laces their fingers together.
“And you’re still going to spend time together.”
“And here I am.”
Castiel feels oddly trapped. “I, uh… I asked how you knew you were bisexual.”
Castiel takes a step back, eyebrows furrowed. “I hope you understand why I find that a disconcerting statement coming from a stranger.”
the suicide rates for transgender youths?!”
“You can’t know that. Have you ever had really bad sex, and you know the easiest way to end it is to fucking
Jimmy writes “YOUTUBE” on his legal pad. “That’s great, thank you.”
“Serial killer?”
Castiel nods once, and moves closer until their lips are touching. For a fraction of a moment, Dean worries that he doesn’t know how to do this anymore, but instinct and muscle memory take over, and there’s a kiss, a real eyes-closed-gentle-sighing kiss. Castiel is tender, maybe even careful as his lips move against Dean’s, and they inch their way closer to one another until they’re in each other’s arms.
“Sam is waiting for you,” Castiel mumbles.
Castiel’s face splits into a much wider grin. “I’m afraid so.”
“Yeah, fuck that. Come on, we’ll take Ash’s truck,” Dean says, standing again.
“I have to show you something,” Hannah says urgently. She grabs Castiel by the hand and pulls him towards her desk while Castiel looks longingly at the container full of soup he would very much like to eat.
“Cool, cool. Now I see here that ‘Castiel Novak’ is an alias… will I come across anything troubling when I run a background check?”
To Cas - 8/11/17 - 4:21pm: and you can help me clean the garage ;)
Castiel maintains eye contact with Dean as he yanks the pull tab on the box, ripping the seal open in one swift movement. A little zip of adrenaline flicks through Dean, and he has no idea if it’s anticipation of seeing inside the package, or just the eye contact.
“I love California,” Claire says, “no one ever casually talked about their brother having a threeway back where I used to live.”
Castiel narrows his eyes, looking back and forth between the partners. “You’ve made some sort of bet, haven’t you?”
Alive all this time, and he didn’t contact me, or any of us.”
“Yeah. But that was hard to wrap my mind around, because there’s nothing wrong with you as a person…”
Castiel straightens up slightly, looking defensive. “I thought you parking your car outside of my sister’s home for ten minutes in the middle of the night was weird.”
“No. You can be mad at me, but don’t imply that I was off cheating on you when you know
To Cas - 9/01/17 - 5:41pm: oh really what?
To Cas - 8/14/17 - 9:51am: they all looked different too, one had long black hair and a scar down one eye, and then one looked like you and one had pink hair
“And the place with the cheap security deposit and amazing view?”
Dean pauses his video. “Is it a starring role on Dr. Sexy?”
Wonderful, now Castiel is thinking about Dean in pink panties. He clears his throat. “Ah… my p-point is… you don’t have to feel sorry. Like you said, you can’t control dreams. I’m just glad you’re okay.”
was justice. Obviously he didn’t give a damn shit about justice, he cared about covering his ass and getting on with the business of being a traitor.”
“I think it’s a beautiful name, Claire. I would be honored to bear it.”
“But I—”
“It’s still on my list.”
“I didn’t realize that you, uh… um… with men.”
“Yeah.”
Sam and Dean both look at Castiel, who’s staring awkwardly into space. “A human pregnancy often gives off a fairly distinct sort of energy,” he offers.
sure what a guild is, but he can guess. “In any case, I wouldn’t say I get… super… angry. Perhaps a little heated. Perhaps I’ve yelled at my computer or cursed up a storm in voice chat a few times. It’s ah… passion. Over my hobby.”
friends first and foremost. Lines drawn in the sand, betrayed feelings, it was all very high school. It’s fine, this was over a year ago, I just haven’t really made new friends since. Except you, of course.”
“Well, I ditched my friends to drive your stupid drunk ass home, and one of my
the most important meal of the day.”
“It doesn’t have to be perfect, it doesn’t have to be
Dean chuckles. “Right,” he says. “Hypothetically.”
“You said it first.”
Dean hits the button for the first floor. “Nope. Saw Meg bringing you home last night. She was giving you a piggyback ride, you were babbling about how you could fly.”
“I’m uh… I’m good, or like… the same as the last time we talked. I mean I sleep in a tent in my brother’s backyard, and the other day I started crying because I started thinking about Gilligan’s… uh I-Island, and how they never got off the— the i-i-island but at least they had each other… and, uh… I don’t know why I’m telling you this, Jesus fucking Christ.” Sam’s probably staring at him right now, but Dean’s not going to look, he’s just going to stare intently at the small puddle of butter next to his potato.
! Ow, Dean would you— ow! Dean,
Dean feels his heart do a dumb little somersault. Ah, shit. He needs to chill out, it hasn’t even been five minutes yet.
“He kissed
“Rugged, huh?”
, what a surprise! Where did you come from?”
“Any full time job with benefits is not beneath me, I assure you.”
“I could drive part of the way,” Claire offers, “we’d get to Jasperville faster.”
“At least tell us who you’re going out with tonight!” Gabriel shouts after him.
Another Friday, this time not at Harvelle’s. Because Tessa wanted to do something different. Because Tessa thinks they’re in a rut. Dean
Claire’s eyes go wide. “Holy shit, that garbage really sneaks up on you, doesn’t it?”
“Today’s Christmas Eve,” Dean says.
“Are all angels such flirts?” Castiel says, rolling his eyes.
Not that they’re married.
“The bear’s name is Ezekiel.”
“A lot of trauma can be inflicted in a short time, Dean,” Castiel says gravely.
He’s not surprised Dean is at home instead of with everyone else. Dean loves feeding people, loves taking care of them, but he rarely seems to want to stick around in the larger groups. When he does join in on their games, though, he wins every round. Dean has incredible hand-eye coordination.
“Friday evening is fine with me, we can get started bright and early Saturday morning.”
Tessa lets out a snort. “Yes, exactly the same.”
Moondork: I will literally kill you.
“So? You’ll follow me anywhere, right?” Dean nudges Castiel playfully. There’s an old woman at the other end of the room, staring at them while she loads a giant comforter into one of the large dryers. She’s probably staring because Castiel is barefoot and wearing a lime green cassock, but who knows.
“You and fuckin’ Charlie, man…”
“So he
“I really do apologize,” Castiel says when Dean’s just about done with his bowl.
A tired woman’s voice comes on over the line. “Hello?”
“I suspect he’s worried Gabriel’s return will cause some sort of… upset in our relationship. Perhaps he’s worried Gabriel will return and usurp him as my favored brother. My brothers are all competitive children.”
“Who’s Flo?”
“Nah. Nine to five doesn’t uh… suit me all that well. But hey, it’s good to know my God given talent is appreciated,” he says with a wink.
“That’s Dean, he brought me soup.”
Shit.
“My what?”
Dean’s expression twitches into an almost smile, then goes back to a frown. “Yeah, sure,” he says, stepping to the side.
Gabriel snorts. “You know who likes being pegged—”
I am so sorry. Oh fuck.” He slaps a room key down on the counter. “Please, just… take it. Free of charge.”
“I asked him to. I’ve grown to love humans so dearly, I wanted to be part of welcoming them… home. There are still so many lost spirits wandering the Earth, trapped and confused after the time when the veil was broken, and when Chuck raised the dead. There is so much work to be done.”
boxes of doughnuts in the breakroom are the office gift. A secret Valentine,” Hannah says after snatching the card out of Castiel’s hand, “how exciting!”
“Yeah, I get that.”
“I hate this fucking cat, bit my god damn toes while I was sleeping.” Dean grunts and gets to his feet so he can move the cat.
Cassie!”
“So…” Castiel says after probably a minute of silent staring. “What comes next?”
So, he’d packed up his shit, quit his job at the construction company, and left.
“And what can I do for you gentlemen on this fine winter morning?”
Dean nods. “I didn’t either. How come you never…”
Dean could swear time is slowing down, now. Sam in the corner of his vision seems to be moving at an eighth of his normal speed. Is Castiel doing that?
pranking each other, that true?”
“Woah, woah. Why are you scared? We can stop, Cas, just being able to kiss you is kind of kicking my ass right now.”
Dean wants to protest, but… honestly it’s good to have Sam pushing him to do this. If it goes badly, he can blame his brother, easy peasy. He fishes his phone out of his pocket, and thumbs his way to Castiel’s name on his painfully short contact list.
“Of course.”
“Maybe,” Castiel says, shrugging. “But I did want it to be special. I don’t need fireworks, but I’d like to be fully aware of the act. I was in my house for fifteen minutes before I realized what I’d done.”
“I know, I know what you’ll say… but you’ve got this job you hate and you had all those total dud dates, and some days I can’t help but think that if it weren’t for me you’d have your old job, and a wife, and your old friends, and…”
James gets that patient smile on their face, the one Jimmy has come to know as their “you have it all wrong, but I love you for trying” smile.
Dean freezes, as does Castiel. He’s opening his mouth to apologize when Dean looks back at him, grinning. Castiel can’t decide if he finds the sight terrifying or strangely beautiful.
Castiel nods. “I think so.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, smiling when Castiel’s fingers trace over the tattoo on Dean’s chest; that odd reminder that Castiel was in Dean’s life long before he even knew there
Castiel shrugs. “I feel safe with you.”
Obnoxious celestial stamina. “I think I hate you.”
“Mark of a true Winchester,” Dean says, sad little smile on his face. “What about you, Cas?”
So much worry for nothing. Hael is a bizarre and downright
“No,” Castiel says.
“Dean don’t let your penis make decisions for you. And I doubt you’d be working on my show specifically.”
He spends his shift having an internal debate over his various gift ideas. It leaves him distracted to the point of incompetence several times. A few hours after lunch, Lucifer storms up to Castiel’s desk, slamming down a stapled set of papers on top of Castiel’s keyboard.
Tessa relaxes again, this time smiling. “Yeah.” She sighs, putting the package of jerky on the coffee table. She takes a deep, long breath and smiles. “Well, maybe it’ll be cool having a celebrity friend. Can he introduce me to Jon Hamm?”
“Yeah.” Claire pouts. “Anyway… sorry to pile on your date anxiety like that, sometimes I just get that… emotional diarrhea thing happening and it all comes spilling out.”
to do anything. This is all new for you, you don’t have to act on a damn thing until you want to… and you might never want to. I’ve been attracted to guys plenty of times, but I can’t remember the last time I actually wanted to
Lucifer doesn’t call again, but plenty of other people do. Castiel spends his day fetching coffees and lunches, filing, and playing computer solitaire. When five o’clock rolls around, he gathers his things and looks up to see Hannah from Human Resources ambling over, carrying a massive gift basket.
“Dye your hair?”
“He was me in other circumstances. He’d never met you, nor Sam, nor Mary, Jack, Kelly… those of you who made me who I am today.”
not worse, just different.
“Ladder?”
but we were very interested in the story when it came out. You survived so much, I— we found it inspiring.”
“Uh… snow’s knocked the power out on my part of the highway, figured I’d close early,” Dean says, eyebrows high. “Were you looking at porn just now?”
Dean gives Castiel a sweet, genuine smile. “What are friends for?”
That moment in the parking lot was incredible… passionate…
“He wasn’t propositioning me, I don’t think…”
To Cas - 8/04/17 - 5:47pm: god there’s something sticky on it
When Castiel gets to his floor he sees Dean at the other end of the hall, pacing. It takes him a moment to notice Castiel coming toward him and when he does, he looks back and forth like he might bolt.
He left it on the pool table after checking his Facebook. His phone is still at the bar. His
Dean nearly sighs with relief at the sound of Castiel’s voice on the other end. He was afraid it was Tessa calling to end things for good or some shit.
“I don’t blame you for your nightmares anymore than I blame myself for the recurring dream I have where it’s the last day of class and I’ve neglected to study for an exam worth eighty percent of my grade.”
“You’re still gonna get mugged.” Dean puts an arm around Castiel, steering him towards the bar’s parking lot. “Come on, let me drive you home.”
“I’m sorry, Dean.”
“I apologize,” Castiel says without bothering to feign empathy. “I’ll make sure to double check your order next time.”
“Goodnight, Claire.”
of the dressing, you know.”
He takes his Starship Enterprise bottle opener out of the kitchen junk drawer, and his old Hamburglar magnet from the fridge. His clothes get stuffed in a garbage bag.
“I’m amenable,” Castiel says, smiling when Dean scowls.
“Yeah, uh… a few. The guy in high school, and uh… and after I first moved out of Lawrence, I hooked up with a few guys. Rebound stuff, I guess. I mean I know now that Pam and I wouldn’t have worked, but back then I felt fucked up enough to move, and—” Dean sighs. “Yeah, I’ve slept with a guy.”
“An apiarist.”
Castiel shakes his head vigorously.
Jimmy folds his arms across his chest, glaring. He can feel it in the air, he can feel where this is going. If neither of them back down, their family won’t survive.
punched a guy for saying something I didn’t like…”
“I didn’t
Castiel tilts his head to the side, brows furrowed. “You were so nervous when you arrived, and…” He gestures at Dean’s clothes. “This isn’t exactly you. Why try to impress a child?”
Jimmy rolls his eyes. Teenagers.
game.”
Dean looks slightly more composed when Castiel comes back wrapped in the soft, blue robe he keeps hanging on the back of his bedroom door. Castiel hopes they can pretend the last few minutes didn’t happen.
It sounds like Dean.
Castiel’s lost. “Is… is that slang?”
when we married.”
“First one’s free,” Claire says, “that’s how drug dealers get you.”
“Why? Is it a secret? I can
He wonders if this is something he should tell Tessa about.
Dean scrambles to his feet. “What?!”
“Everything I’m not,” Castiel says, frowning as his posture deflates slightly.
“Are you okay?” Castiel says, frowning.
“Are you sure you want to part with this? It sounds like it was a big part of your life, Dean, I don’t want—”
“Okay, so I wasn’t wearing anything… binding under my dress, so for the first twenty minutes I was terrified,
“I don’t actually know, they did it anonymously.”
Castiel feels his cheeks heat. “I believe I mentioned the shorter briefs bunch uncomfortably.”
“I’m supposed to unclog 3B’s shower when he gets home.” Dean is still holding Castiel shirt, and Castiel’s fingers at some point found their way to the belt loops of Dean’s jeans.
Castiel groans in response.
“I didn’t wanna make you feel pressured to do stuff. I haven’t had sex in ages, I’m not in a rush. Are you in a rush?”
To Cas - 8/26/17 - 1:15am: and it was pretty cool that they drove two hours to see me
” Sam says, cheeks already turning pink. “She’s twenty-two.
Dean’s blushing, but he pulls Castiel’s free hand to his lips, kissing the knuckles tenderly.
who your celebrity freebies were.”
Moondork: NO.
(Monday)
after all, even if Dean only watches Halo Project when Tessa makes him. The writing on that show is… not great. Every time Dean watches there seems to be a new love triangle.
From Cas - 8/11/17 - 4:19pm: Really?
“I’m never going to fuck the guy that plays him, I don’t think it matters.”
“How did you get out?”
“Because sometimes I hit, and Chuck bruises like a peach.”
fired, I’m in a different place now. Maybe this path will work out, maybe it won’t, but what matters is I’m doing what I want, and not what my agent or my showrunner or even my fans want.”
side?”
By noon, he’s had a dozen phone calls from Tessa, he doesn’t answer any of them.
“Is it hollow inside, or a solid statue?”
“Oh… well, no that rumor is true.”
. With a
Wichita?”
To Cas - 8/18/17 - 7:48pm: be there with bells on
It’s so messy and dead out here, but Dean can already see the potential; the damp, pine needle covered clearing around the house replaced with a lush green lawn full of tulips, the beige, beaten porch repaired and painted, the simple front door varnished, cracked and filthy windows replaced.
“And neither of you are seeing anyone else.”
“How are they gonna do it?”
To Cas - 8/23/17 - 12:45am: i mean that in the nicest way possible
“No, only the first one.”
nice at first because he thought he needed to compensate for how others might treat me… he’s a dork. Even the positive reactions are kind of draining. I wish it was just… boring. Like… ‘oh, Claire is trans. Big whoop.’ I wish it could be like that. I don’t want to deal with everyone being weird.”
Castiel pauses, onion ring halfway to his mouth. “Excuse me?”
They stay that way for a very, very long time.
The ties, can we lose the ties?”
“One more word, and the video of you doing
Dean hugs his arms tighter around himself. “I’ll be okay.”
Castiel wakes smiling, Dean still wrapped around him. It takes some patience, but he manages to free himself without waking Dean. He heads to the bathroom to empty his bladder and steal a swig of mouthwash. Sugar is curled up on the couch, and when she sees Castiel she yawns and rolls onto her back. Castiel wants to reach out, rub her soft, furry belly, but he knows this is a trap. He’s fallen for this before. She’ll invite Castiel to pet her stomach, and then as soon as he tries to stop she latches on with claws and teeth. Dean should offer his guests some sort of protective gloves.
From Cas - 8/25/17 - 9:13am: Great Dane.
Jimmy’s a bit lost on this one. “Passing?”
“Are you alright sharing a bed?” Castiel asks as they climb out of the Continental.
He can’t wait.
“Pepper spray to buy…”
A flash, something bright and orange in the corner of Dean’s vision.
Castiel smiles. “You were enjoying yourself.”
“No one wants to fuck the guy that cries when he sees crabs, Sam.”
“It’s fine, are you okay? Should we call it a night?”
“I heard, but I couldn’t seem to summon the will to move.”
“Hey,” Dean says from the bed. He’s got Tessa’s old laptop in his lap and an episode of Dr. Sexy playing on a DVD.
Half of what he’s brainstorming is for Sheriffs Hunting Evil book twelve, half of it is for the first book of what will be a companion series. Castiel hasn’t settled on a title for the series yet… he likes Wandering Daughters, but he’s not sure.
He’s been wanting to kiss Castiel for
From Cas - 8/08/17 - 1:46pm: That seems unlikely.
“You seem happy here, I’ll admit.”
“No… Amelia was not fond of public displays of affection, she never would have been on board with…” Castiel gestures to where Sam is helping Brunette Ruby hook up her bra.
Wow, an entire sentence. “Alright,” Castiel says, “thank you.”
Dean?”
“It’s not a seafood restaurant, right?”
Castiel’s heart jumps. He’s in high school again, nervous and excited for seven minutes in Heaven with Hester Jones at Roger’s Halloween party.
Dean waves at the employee that’s been eyeing them from the front of the store, a man that looks even more intimidating than Dean.
“Who’s guilting? I’m just saying it’s a sad situation.”
Moondork: Dude so Ash and Billie? Officially dating.
“Noticed that, huh?”
“So, that’s that. We’re still friends, and we’re definitely still going to fuck. I’m not giving up sex with that woman. You wouldn’t
you don’t look sweaty. It’s… oh my good lord, I’ve forgotten how to talk to women,” Castiel sighs, face already in his hands.
“Oh yeah. She was Crowley’s second wife. God
It’s not easy living over eight hours apart, but they make it work. For the next two or so months, Castiel is the one to come down to see Dean on the weekends. Aside from the week his niece is born, every Friday Castiel leaves right after work, and gets to Wichita in his sister’s car well after midnight, just so they can have all of Saturday together before he leaves again early Sunday afternoon. Dean feels a little guilty at times, like he’s not worth the effort, but when he brought this up to Henriksen, he’d said “Well, Castiel obviously doesn’t share your opinion, Dean.”
“But maybe later, we could…”
Fuck, he’s really saying this out loud, isn’t he.
To Cas - 8/18/17 - 7:48pm: did i really just say that
Dean steps aside so Castiel can come in. “Struck out, huh?”
As it turns out, Sam and Castiel get along pretty well. Sam loves hearing about random details of filming television, and Castiel practically creams himself when he sees Sam’s small but god damn expensive collection of rare books.
Hannah pouts. “Won’t that ruin the mystery? Nevermind, I want to know too. I’ll see if anyone saw.”
“Home and waiting for you,
“Well I’m glad you got through, Cas. I was scared when I realized where I was, you know… but I knew you’d come, because you promised. Lucifer said my love and faith in you made me brave.”
No, Castiel was most certainly not having sexy fun. He was sitting in the hallway between his and Dean’s apartments until at least three in the morning, listening to make sure Dean wasn’t screaming. Then he passed out and woke slumped against the wall with drool running down his face and Claire asking him why the hell he was sleeping in the hallway. Castiel is tired, sore, and in absolutely no mood for Gabriel’s teasing.
“From It’s a Wonderful Life!”
Sam’s. Part of the reason nothing really fits him.
“But other than that I’m sure we’d make a lovely couple.”
“Oh! Wonderful!” the man exclaims, clapping his hands together. “He told me he had plans this weekend, but I assumed he was just spending it on his couch playing computer games. You know, he’s really let this place fall into disrepair this past year, not that he’s ever been big with upkeep. He’ll keep the inside of his house nice and tidy, but the outside ends up like…
“Well, it might have taken you longer. I mean... I was a
Meg snorts. “I’ll fucking say.”
“Hey! Don’t look so grossed out. Getting the condom stuck to you is special! It’s like getting the wishbone at Thanksgiving!”
Another minute passes, and then the door swings open to reveal a skinny man with a mullet and not a stitch of clothing on.
“Wow,” Sam says, startling the
Castiel shrugs, flopping onto the mattress so hard Dean’s surprised the thing doesn’t pop. “You should see Michael and Anna during the Super Bowl. Now
healed.”
“Like what?”
“That is not information I needed,” Castiel says, despairing at the mental images fighting to fill his mind.
Tessa tosses Dean a flirty grin. “I’ll tell you mine if you tell me yours.”
“I guess I was just kind of thinking about that kind of marriage and kids stuff because of Sam and Jess.”
“How about we pretend this didn’t happen and go hit up Fuzzy’s Taco Shop?”
“Tess—” he starts, but Tessa holds up her hand, shaking her head.
Dean feels himself blushing almost immediately. “No, I’m uh… I’m not really a
“Well, I came home last night and heard some sounds I
“Seems like there’s more to it than that.”
“Oh… dear.”
“I just meant that I’ve never done this before, so I’m nervous.”
“Bath blends? Not very manly.”
“First of all, you’ve
“I can be gleeful, shut up. Anyway I didn’t do it for too long, lot of my focus went to drawing and painting.”
“I am, come in.”
Dean. Why wouldn’t I?”
He’s just… thinking ahead. And maybe he’s trying to spend less time with Dean, because maybe that will cause his romantic interest to decline.
“Is that why I woke up cuddling a fucking rabbit earlier?”
Except for his book with the haunted kidney, that was just abysmal.
“Oh man,
“D-do you have—” Dean moans when he feels Castiel’s tongue sweep along his left nipple, almost forgetting his train of thought.
Lunch is pleasant. Dean talks about how he’ll be able to tackle most of the stuff on his list today and tomorrow, but some of the bigger things will have to wait.
“Lucky lady,” Claire says.
“Yeah, uh… it’s a… this is a little weird, but I’ve had it a long time, and I’ve never opened it…” Dean pulls the package out of the bag, handing it over to Castiel, who accepts it, awed. His fingers trace over the battered edges, the streaks of dirt, the dove decal, the ridiculously old packing information on the front.
“Guy on top pays, everyone knows that.”
At lunch, Hannah plops down at Castiel’s table in the breakroom, looking annoyed.
Castiel takes off his coat, settling it over the back of one of the kitchen chairs. “You’re serious?”
Castiel collapses over Dean like a marionette that’s had its strings cut. He’s heavy, but not too heavy. The air mattress dips so low Dean can feel the ground under his ass. They lie there for a few minutes, panting, a little sweaty, a little sticky and tacky.
“Well, I don’t think it’s working.”
“It’s nothing, just an… unanticipated emotional reaction.”
“Good. Me too. Should we… snuggle?”
“He’s got a kid, guess I have a soft spot for single parents.”
” Claire continues, “I liked her a lot, and I was kind of relieved to be attracted to a girl and go out and have a good time like a nice cisgender heterosexual boy… I’d pinned a lot of my hopes to be 'normal' on her.” Claire looks a little embarrassed. “One of the things I was able to figure out with Dr. Milton.”
“What happened?”
Dean grins and opens the door. “See you tonight, Cas.”
“I’ve got
Sweetheart? “Did you actually call for something?” Castiel snaps.
“Fuck,” Castiel mutters once, then again, louder. “
“Nah, if you were a coward you wouldn’t announce it at all, right?” Claire grins. “I’m kind of… really damn happy for you, Dad.” She sniffles, and at first Castiel thinks it’s a joke, but her eyes
“Mick wants to stick it in Flo,” Jo says.
Impala67: officially met his niece
“I love my son, Jimmy. I’ll do whatever I have to do to protect him.”
“Oh for fuck’s sake, man, I didn’t need to see that,” Dean groans.
By the time Dean gets to Crown Heights, he’s only got one thing on his mind, and that thing is lasagna. When Castiel answers the door, Dean bellows “Where’s my dinner?!” and grins wide. Castiel grins back, and that… well that puts one other thing on Dean’s mind. Damn, what a cute smile.
Dean drives right off the edge of Rainbow Road and almost throws his controller. “Who the hell is gossiping about me?”
Dean nods. It’s a little depressing to think about his own parents falling out of love, but Mary and John have both long moved past it. “How do you know whether you should fight for the relationship, or just let go?”
“So,” Sam says, in that awkward tone he has when they’re trying to reboot the conversation.
“Wow, Cas, that’s… I mean Pretty Woman is one thing, but I’m not sure…” Dean lets out a long, dramatic sigh. “Okay, I can handle this. Thank you for being up front with me.”
“I can’t believe you just hit me.”
Thailand, but now he cries at least once a week, usually far more.
“Now Dean, a name isn’t everything. Lucifer isn’t the devil, just a rambunctious narcissist. With control issues. And a temper. And an inability to admit when he’s wrong,” Castiel says, letting out a long, drawn out sigh.
Castiel pulls back onto the road. “No.”
“Good. But you always look good,” Dean says, waggling his eyebrows.
“Promise?”
Castiel nods and heads out, nerves going a little haywire.
Dean had been surprised when Castiel told him he had a
Castiel grits his teeth. “How can I assist you?”
To Cas - 8/04/17 - 11:35pm: goodnight kiss huh that’s pretty cool
“I’m not sure
“I just want him to know I’m good with kids!”
From Cas - 8/04/17 - 11:58pm: Not a flicker.
“Maybe. Talking to Samandriel made me think about how it might be good to meet other people like me.”
Castiel lifts Dean onto his kitchen counter, settling between Dean’s open legs and sliding his tongue in Dean’s mouth. Dean drapes his arms over Castiel’s shoulders, unaware that his robe has fallen open until he feels the slide of Castiel’s hands against his sides. His hands move slowly along the bare skin of Dean’s back and he shudders, gasping into Castiel’s mouth. His legs wrap around Castiel’s waist, bringing them closer together, and Castiel groans, rocking his hips forward just slightly, just enough for Dean to feel him, feel how hard he’s getting.
seconds to compose himself, then follows.
“When I was at most ten?”
“Maybe I’ll just finish helping my guild try to get through this dungeon, and then I’ll see where you’re at?”
“Your door looks fucking gross,” Dean says after a minute, nudging Castiel with his elbow.
Dean nods.
“No, I don’t tell him
“I have no idea.”
Gabriel yawns. “Alrighty.”
“Yeah. Well, what do you want?”
It’s rude, overly familiar, but Dean pushes the door open. Castiel is sitting cross legged on his bed, framed photo in his lap, eyes red-rimmed.
Dean recoils, feeling like Tessa just reached over and backhanded him. Fuck. Fuck, it hurts. It’s true, and it hurts.
“Follow me, then.”
Castiel steps back to let Dean inside. “She, ah… she’s having a beach day with her friends… long drive to the coast. I slept in, uh… in their honor.”
get off the island,” he says finally.
A minute or two passes. Castiel’s probably getting ready as fast as he can, but just to be an asshole, Dean decides to confess a sin.
“So do things usually catch fire when you try to fix them?”
“I don’t know what to say, Cas…”
“What do you miss?”
” Dean says so loudly that Sugar wakes up and darts away. “Uh… I mean. Okay. That's cool.”
“Well… if you change your mind, the offer is open.”
punch. But then I was so fucking surprised that I’d actually gone and hit him that I forgot to like… defend myself. So he punched me back and I went down easy, got all scraped up from the parking lot. Then everyone started yelling at him for hitting a girl, and he started yelling at me, asking what my problem was, and I fucking
“I’ll be damned.”
The bike, as it turns out, is not actually fixable, not without getting several parts. Dean had been hoping he’d just have to deal with some rust and hammering out the bent wheel, but the thing is a mess of rust and whatever the hell damage was sustained when Castiel got hit by that car. A quick internet search on his phone tells Dean that the cost of fixing the bike will far outweigh the price of the bike itself. It sucks, but at least Castiel doesn’t
“You’re revolting.”
Dean feels like his heart just stopped.
“I haven’t told my agent, or my friends in California, or my friends in Vancouver. They think I’m taking a few months off to relax.”
, this is a game.”
better than I make on Craigslist.” Dean has this urge to wink, but it’s not like Castiel can see him. “This is a lot of money, though… I gotta be honest, Cas… you can get this done for way cheaper if you put an ad or something.”
To Cas - 8/07/17 - 3:49pm: dude there’s a petition and a website to bring you back
Sam sets his fork down. “Are you…
“Woah, that guy needs some manners.”
“Well how much did you read? How
“So why the hell are we talking about him?”
about Jasperville.”
Castiel deflates slightly. She’s obviously busy, and this was silly anyway. “Okay, thank you. Sweet dreams, Claire.”
“It’s hard to tell, since you never see his face, but…” Hannah opens up a video attachment. According to the timestamp, the video was taken about fifteen minutes before Castiel usually arrives at work, and much sooner than Castiel arrived on that particular day. “Okay hold on, hold on… there!” Hannah points at the screen.
“A heart shaped box of chocolates!” Lucifer adds.
“She kind of hardcore broke my heart, I don’t
“No, I—” Dean’s jaw clamps shut. Suddenly he’s genuinely
“Yeah, checked a bunch of shit off the list I made… but there’s still a handful of things left.”
explicit.
sign a two year contract to get the deal. Claire’s excited, they haven’t had cable or internet since the divorce. Castiel’s glad Claire will go back to using her laptop and stop stealing his phone every time she wants to play on Tweetspace or Crushing Candies or whatever it is she does online.
Castiel hadn’t given it all that much consideration either way. “I suppose I did think that.”
It’s during dinner, weeks after the divorce is finalized, that Jimmy decides to do something to help them both.
week going?”
“I’m good. I’ve gotten better about bouncing back, really.” Dean looks down at his feet, then back at Castiel. “We still on for tomorrow? Or, uh… today, I guess? Pizza? More John McClane?”
“But, I think the visits are finally tapering off, I’d been thinking about calling you, um… Gabriel’s going to visit in a month or two, seems like a good excuse to fix this house up. I thought about seeing if you’d like to get started this weekend. Or maybe next weekend.”
Billie shakes her head at Tessa. “I’m not about to go embarrass my ass in front of Kelvin Cooper.”
Dean feels like something’s lodged in his throat. “Yeah?”
“Because they always do.”
“And here we are, with a day of painting in front of us, and you haven’t slept at all.”
“Dean,” Castiel says for the tenth or hundredth time since they hit the mattress. “I’m close,
“Don’t suppose you’re hungry,” Dean says, frowning at Tessa’s plate, then glancing over at Castiel’s table.
“If I was a good artist, I’d paint it for you. Show you the burned tree, the rocks that were almost bright orange, all the little parts of the island I left behind.”
Castiel feels himself blush a little. “That’s… a wonderful way to look at it.”
Castiel sighs, pressing and holding the button again. “Sam sent us.”
“While I don’t know what sort of things you’re into, I have to assume it wouldn’t be very enjoyable for you if I were to lie on your bed like a corpse.”
“He was in the hall, he looked terrified.”
“And the ah… the food was very good.”
“Distracted by what?” Lucifer narrows his eyes. “Your gift?
Castiel looks at the GPS on his phone, then back toward the street sign they just passed. “You missed the turn.”
Castiel is tapping a pen against his desk thoughtfully, because he’s handwriting his script like a cave person as always, while Dean types his thoughts up right onto his laptop.
” he grumbles as Castiel pulls him to his feet.
Castiel turns around, looking at Dean’s naked body. “Doesn’t look like it.”
Like he was waiting for something to happen, you know? Didn’t make sense at the time, but later… when I researched the symbols a little… made me wonder if he was trying to do fucking spells or some shit.” Dean pats a sigil near his collar bone. “But since I can’t speak to animals, I’m going to say Camio here was a bust.”
“Mmm, alright…”
His fingers drum against the keys of his laptop as he stares at the screen, considering. Castiel makes it a rule not to read fan fiction for his stories. Lawyers advise against it, one never knows if an idea will take root in their mind and they’ll accidentally plagiarize an author… or maybe they’ll find an idea that’s so good they end up cursing themselves for not having it and not being able to use it.
“So, is Dean home?” Castiel says, trying and failing to sound casual. More ridiculousness; everyone knows about he and Dean anyway.
To Cas - 8/14/17 - 12:06pm: then you’re doing it wrong
Mr. Charleson.”
dollar security deposit, and one place had a very unfriendly landlord who had heard Castiel’s name and said “I don’t rent to Jews.”
Castiel looks up at Dean like he’s just suggested garnishing their dinner with kitty litter. “I can’t just wave my hands and
“Can we—”
“Then kiss me,” Castiel says in a moment of bravery.
On Monday, Castiel and Claire go to price furniture. Claire scoffs at Castiel’s diligent note taking, but these notes will make buying furniture this week much easier. Claire’s excited to get a boxspring and mattress set that isn’t used, unlike the ones at the last apartment. Castiel is likely going to hold off on bed frames until he has a job, unless he finds a good deal. They plan on getting two full size mattress sets, a bookshelf, a small dining table, chairs, a sofa, and a smaller bookshelf for Claire.
Henriksen is scribbling notes quickly, finishing whatever Dean’s story compelled him to write down.
“Well then,” Castiel says, starting up the car, “let’s get moving.”
“There was this guy, Rufus Turner… my dad’s old CO in the marines…”
“How old’s the article?”
Gabriel grins and taps his nose with one finger. Dear God in Heaven, Castiel hates this place.
out, right?”
Castiel looks down at the dish in his hands, frowning a little. “That was the ruse I had decided on, anyway.”
He smiles.
“How awful,” Castiel says, wanting to reach out and comfort a version of Dean that likely no longer exists.
“She broke up with me, kind of. I needed some time off.”
“This is Castiel Novak, how can I help you?”
“Oh, fuck, that’s just fucking… no,
By the time the evening rolls around, Sam has gone back to Lawrence, and Dean is back to watching cable. Now that he’s actually left the hotel for a couple hours, his room seems a lot more depressing than it did earlier. The palm tree wallpaper is faded and peeling, there’s a weird brown stain on the ceiling that looks too… viscous to be water damage, and the neighboring room has the volume on the television up high so Dean can hear the latest garbage FOX News anchors are spewing in perfect detail.
“Four minutes.”
Forget being afraid, Castiel wants it… he wants it so badly he lets out an embarrassing whine and comes onto Dean’s hand, his cheek, his
“Did you make this?”
Castiel looks like he wants to punch Dean in the face, and then Dean realizes he probably wants to punch his father. “He wanted to know how I was, and
a cat.”
“I don’t
“So,” Dean says, two or twenty minutes later, he has no idea which, “you feel better now?”
Castiel works, Claire goes to school and studies, Dean often shows up with dinner. Once in a while they’re able to talk Dean into joining them. Sometimes Sam joins as well. Weekends are spent helping Claire with homework, maybe watching movies with Dean or watching Claire play with Sam’s video game console.
“Why does it feel like I’m being scolded by a parent?”
going to be better than a warm basement?
“There might have been buyer information on the package before the crash, but it was gone when I got to it.”
“Just across the hall,” Castiel says smiling. “But also, my childhood home back in Illinois.”
“Are you able to?”
Dean’s still doing construction. The money is decent, and he likes working with his hands and as far away from a fucking cubicle as possible. Plus Bobby Singer is a swell guy to work for, even if he gave Dean a lot of shit for quitting and moving away in the first place.
“I’ll take it out in trade,” Tessa says with a wink. It’s a cute joke, but they haven’t had sex in… what, a month? But Dean smiles and plays along, because bitching about not getting any like some entitled punk isn’t going to do anyone any favors. “Just got off the phone with Ketch, he and Vic will meet us at Pumpkin Grand… I think they might pick up Ash.”
“Honestly, I’m behind you either way. As long as you don’t like… cut me out or anything. I know Tessa’s like my BFF or whatever, but dude you mean a lot to me.”
Castiel’s eyebrows are raised incredulously as he looks up at Dean.
Castiel kisses the top of Claire’s head, then ruffles her hair. “Every single day.”
Well that’s fucking loaded. “Yes? I mean… he seems happy. He
That’s it.
“My story,” Castiel replies.
“He’s a
It feels good to have a friend.
outside the door. Dean’s so busy drying his hands on his pockets that he walks right into him and Castiel falls like a stone.
Castiel glances up at her. “I must say, I’m a bit surprised to hear you say something so nakedly sexist.”
“Dude, that’s still a god damn decade younger than you.”
Castiel shrugs, fucking
much intimate attention lavished on him, and it’s a heady feeling.
Dean watches Sam drag over yet another young, felled tree. Kid’s going all out building this thing, even though he’s been awake for over a day now. “It’s hard to leave him for good. Last time we were both dead, our Heavens were connected. Will it be like that again? When he passes?”
From Cas - 8/04/17 - 5:32pm: This was Gabriel’s fix up.
buddy. Mama needs her bad movies and her brewskies!”
“That was a lot of fucking fun,” Dean says when Castiel comes back out.
“I got the job.”
“Am I forgiven yet?” Castiel mutters, adrenaline zipping through him at every push of Dean’s hips.
There’s a fleeting moment of Castiel wishing Amelia could see this, but it passes quickly and nearly painlessly.
“I know. Don’t eat the cookies before dinner. Either of you.” With that, Dean disappears back into his own apartment.
That was incredibly satisfying. Castiel can feel his mood lifting as he watches Lucifer stomp out of sight. He’s surprised to see Dean when he returns to his desk. Dean is playing solitaire on Castiel’s computer, but he closes the game when he notices Castiel.
“Well, it used to be very, very sad to have all that work be for naught. All the planning, and teamwork, and all that ending in a defeat was always a bit crushing. But that was back before I had a gorgeous boyfriend to soothe the ache.” Castiel sounds so smug, it’s kind of turning Dean on. Or maybe that’s the friction he’s feeling from Castiel grinding his hips down.
“I like spending time with you, Dean. I wouldn’t change my mind if a six year old didn’t find you fun. Well… as long as you weren’t unkind to her. But it’s hard to imagine you being unkind to a child.”
“Guess I have to make an official ‘no sex in the elevator’ rule in the rental agreement, fucking Christ.”
Dean can see Charlie’s head whip around to face him out of the corner of his eye, but he keeps his focus on the game.
It is so very silent and still, Dean deserves peace like this.
“Yeah, Sammy,” Dean says, clapping Sam on the shoulder. “More than that. Yeah, you spiraled bad, hit rock bottom, but you also came back. You’ve got a house, a steady job, a group of geeks you hang out with on weekends…”
“Cool, let’s go,” Dean says, gesturing to his open apartment door. Castiel follows him across the hall, and notices Dean is wearing slippers.
Castiel chuckles. “I’m not worried about you being dangerous, Dean. I take sedatives too.”
He clicks the profile, because he
It’s Friday night, and Dean and his crowd are at Harvelle’s like always, sitting on the couches towards the back underneath the sign with “VIP LOUNGE” spelled out in glued-down beer bottle caps. Harvelle’s is on the ass-end of Wichita, thirty minutes from where Dean lives and even further from where he works, but he and his friends have been coming here for years. It’s home, like his car, his brother, and his dad’s old leather jacket.
hair grows that fast.”
There’s a knock on the door, and both their heads swivel to look at it.
“He wanted to
“Wh-what?”
“Very well,” Castiel says following Meg out of his room.
“I have no idea if he’s gonna tell people. He has no reason not to. Especially seeing as I cold-cocked him.” Claire takes her hand out of the bowl, and sets it on a dry dish towel. “I’m not ashamed of who I am. I’m not. I might wanna do hormone replacement therapy down the road, maybe surgery someday, maybe not… but for now I’m good with
“Dean made
“How the hell should I know?”
“I uh…” Dean starts, smile slipping from his face entirely, “I don’t suppose you’re ready to talk about that yet…”
Here’s the thing about humans. The bulk of them want to survive, and in a fight or flight moment, they’ll do anything to
Jimmy, meanwhile, was just relieved. Relieved to know what had been going on in James’ mind all this time, relieved that this was a problem with a solution. Maybe not a solution he could wrap his mind around right now, but there was a solution out there, things he could do for James to help him… her…
Castiel nods slowly. “If you’re sure…”
“Ah… as an angel,” Castiel says, chuckling.
Castiel bites down gently on Dean’s nipple, hips grinding against Dean’s cock. Shit, shit, shit. “I can do that,” he says, rocking against Dean, “I want to do that.” He rises up on his elbows so he can lean over to the side of the bed, fishing around until he finds an open bottle of lube and an unopened box of condoms. Dean pulls his own boxers off while Castiel is tearing the box open, flinging them so hard they knock over something on the dresser by the window.
Castiel wants to throw up. Or cry. Or put his hands over his ears. “
“I’m not going to show up at a stranger’s house in the middle of the
“Holy… this is what happens when you’re lazy with tracking and insurance, right?
Dean closes his eyes, because his heart is threatening to break free from his ribcage and staring into Castiel’s eyes isn’t helping. “Any time, Cas.”
From Cas - 9/01/17 - 5:24pm: Hannah has seized the opportunity and is off on a date with instructions for me to not “wait up”.
Dean’s eyes land on the attractive darker skinned man talking to someone beneath a neon green light in the shape of a margarita glass. God
Dean?”
To see his new friend.
Not that Castiel’s planning to confess anything.
out of Dean. “You really just completely forgot I was here, didn’t you?”
“I think about the guy I used to be, and I can describe him, I can picture him, you know? Brash, funny if I do say so myself, commitment issues, dead mom issues… loving, kind of a dick sometimes. That’s how I’d describe him. I know him, I remember him, but I’m not sure how much I connect to him. And those pieces are all still there, but there’s all these new pieces too, and they form a completely new and different picture.” Dean sighs. “I want to be the guy they remember, the guy I remember, but I can’t do that without pretending, and I don’t want to pretend.”
“Things break, Dad. It’s getting fixed tomorrow.”
“I’ll admit sex against my door wasn’t quite what I had in mind when I saw the house, but I’m glad inspiration struck you.”
They rut against each other for over a minute, breaths a little shallow.
“You weren’t waking up.”
“The one that feels he should be given special treatment and granted a library card without a valid state ID.”
“I apologize, Hannah, I didn’t mean for you to spend that much time on it.”
“Dean!” he squeaks. “What are you doing here?!”
“Hey, hey. It’s fine, don’t get upset, I wasn’t saying anything,” Sam insists. “Of course I’ll come shopping with you. We could go to the mall after work? Or Target?”
To Cas - 8/14/17 - 10:57am: you decide if you’ll go back yet?
“You… earned it?”
“Are you doing okay? A surge in social activity can cause… uh, emotional drawbacks sometimes.”
“Shake a leg, Cas, this ain’t gonna build itself!” Dean shouts.
Someone’s looking back at him.
After Castiel’s finished filling out the application, Dean looks over it for all of thirty seconds before he nods and says, “alright, cool”.
this makes us even,” Castiel says, heaving a great sigh as Dean puts his card with their check.
He looks at Castiel, because Castiel deserves his openness, his honestly. “I like being around you. I like getting to know you, but I also like… this feeling that I’ve known you a lot longer than I have.”
Arty McFarty,” Charlie says, so casually Dean has to wonder how often she refers to Ketch as “Arty McFarty”. “But I hate seeing you stress about him, and I’m tired of the gossip in the group.”
It’s hard.
“Landlord? You mean Dean
Since he’s never lived with a romantic partner before, he’s never had to deal with a situation remotely like this. Tessa’s left to Charlie’s for a couple of hours, time for Dean to gather “whatever he wants”, which is vague. They’re not breaking up, so Dean doesn’t need to pack up his entire life, but he’s also being like… banished or some shit. So… work clothes— oh Jesus, what’s Tessa’s father going to say? Nope, not thinking about that. Pack. Clothes, some books, the one and only official family portrait taken before his parents split, canisters of Godiva gourmet hot chocolate, the Kindle Fire Tessa gave him last Christmas, deodorant, toothbrush, the sketchbook he hasn’t doodled in for at least two years…
Castiel nods. “I do, though I’ve been told my car is quite ugly.”
“You seem like a bit of a romantic to me.”
“It didn’t… I healed. Sometimes though, it’s hard for me to be affectionate in public. It’s bothered some boyfriends, how sometimes I won’t hold hands or kiss in public spaces. Not always… but often. Sometimes it’s hard for me to come out to new people, too. My parents reacted poorly to my sexuality, but… it wasn’t until the attack that I worried about telling new people. Sometimes it’s easier to keep that to myself until I know someone better.”
“That’s why I don’t talk to my parents.”
“I wouldn’t be against the idea. But… later. When we have a home, and I have a job, and I’ve maybe done some research.”
“Dean,” Castiel whispers, shuddering with want.
Dean walks outside, and… oh.
to meet this ridiculously unpleasant man and live in his building?”
Jimmy.”
“You make good company.”
?” Claire says, looking affronted. “You know what?” she says, gesturing at Jimmy with a french fry, “I’ll allow it.”
“Nevermind, I don’t care.”
Kelvin grins, knocking Castiel with his shoulder so hard that Castiel stumbles a little. He says something Dean can’t hear, then continues on toward the exit. As he approaches Castiel has a small, curious smile on his face, a slight wobble to his steps, and barely flushed cheeks. He’s obviously a little tipsy and fairly amused by Tessa’s outburst.
“I’ll waive the entire pet deposit fee if you wanna take this fuckin’ thing.”
“Then the Gay-Lesbian-Bisexual-Asexual-Straight Alliance. Then the Gay-Lesbian-Bisexual-Asexual-Transgender-Straight Alliance.”
They’re at a restaurant named Big Grove Tavern. Dean showered for the
“You first.”
“Dean?”
Sam shrugs. “Just haven’t met anyone I’m into since things with Ruby imploded.”
“Couldn’t stay away, huh?”
Castiel doesn’t bother responding, just walks by the exiting Dean to get in the elevator. Dean grabs Castiel’s arm as he moves past, forcing him to turn around. As much as Castiel would prefer to react to the intrusive gesture with some venom, he just stares at Dean, wide-eyed and almost a little scared.
Dean flips over onto his other side so he can kiss Castiel. He has more that he wants to say, but it slips through his fingers and he gets lost in the tender press of Castiel’s lips against his.
He’s driving back to Lawrence, not leaving the fucking country. He’ll be back.
“Gabriel doesn’t have friends, he has victims.”
“Nothing… though Claire sometimes calls it the ‘Pimpmobile’.”
?” Now Castiel’s pain is giving way to irritation. “It’s not easy to steal souls, Dean, even for him. He truly went through the trouble of snatching your spirit like a thief to
thumbs,” Castiel says, offended.
Dean snorts. “Yeah fucking right, Sam.”
Dean himself is incredible. He’s determined to surrender himself to this moment, and once Castiel finds his bearings, finds a rhythm, Dean truly gives in. He’s beautiful with his eyes squeezed shut and head thrown back, beautiful when he stares into Castiel’s eyes; open, vulnerable. Castiel takes him slowly, distracted with kissing the scars he can reach, tracing his tongue along Astaroth, then kissing away the lone tear that escapes Dean’s right eye.
“I swear, that name sounds familiar. Have you ever been to the Champaign Country Club?”
Dean grins wider. “That’s real sweet, Cas. You know usually I would have caught you sooner, but the tenants get weird after an… episode. For days suddenly no one will have any problems in need of fixing. No one calls, no one comes knocking at all hours. Funny coincidence. Annoying, but I’m used to it. So!” Dean slaps the back of the couch. “You ready to fill up on eggs and cheese?”
to do this, but… I appreciate it just the same.”
“Well… that’s good. Do you… are you okay?”
“This whole—” Dean looks at his phone and groans. It’s nine o’clock at night. “Jesus fuck, I’ve been asleep since I got here. Fuck, I should have set an alarm or something.”
“You know, that Italian restaurant down the road from the station is hiring busboys,” Victor says offhandedly.
“Yes, I’m a very profound man,” Castiel says, voice bone dry. “Now, how do you feel about dessert?”
Dean kept going for a long time on that island. He made fire with tricks barely remembered from his time as an Eagle Scout, he foraged for food with tips barely remembered from his father, he built a damn lean-to, cultivated a hovel in a cave, got better at climbing trees. He learned to live without toilet paper, learned to cope with his own terrible breath. He learned to stop judging himself for crying, for talking to himself, for the days he wanted to die, for the days he tried to die, survival instincts be damned. He learned to love and loathe the sound of his own voice in equal measure.
“Mhmm,” Castiel says, voice fond. “Though I have no idea how I’ll hide this in the meantime.” They both wipe their hands on Castiel’s shirt, since it’s already a loss. Castiel pulls the shirt and his jeans off while Dean tucks himself away.
“I um… I got you a gift.”
“So, you remember me mentioning Bobby?”
Castiel sighs, bewildered, and the phone rings again. He picks it up warily. “Hello?”
“Good luck with your brother, I suppose.”
Dean crouches to pick the mocha-scented shards of glass from the kitchen floor. “Just… you know, thought it’d be cool to have some new stuff.” Obviously in the time Dean was gone, much of his stuff ended up in the trash, or donated to charity, or in that fucking coffin. Most of what he wears now are things of his that got mixed in with Sam’s stuff and never got tossed out, or things that
“Okay okay, calm down, I’m fine.”
“A visitor?” Castiel says.
Castiel looks between John and Dean, surprised. “Winchester?”
“Your shrink.”
“That your car she’s pulling boxes out of?” Dean says as they drive away.
“I’m waiting for him to make the first move.”
I’m in high school and
food?” Claire sounds thrilled.
“Saying the same thing over and over with an emphasis on different words isn’t going to suddenly make it clearer,” Dean says. It’s too late in the day for this. Three more hours until showtime, and they’ve got nothing. They’ve got less than nothing. Slow news days are the worst, Dean ends up searching the couch cushions of his mind for sports trivia and
“He also says blood don’t
To Cas - 8/04/17 - 5:21pm: how long does “see other people for a while” typically last?
That was a kiss.
Sam, I used to sleep on rocks and leaves and shit.”
apartment.”
“I managed to waste my
He pictured so many things in that package, ranging from things he thought were likely, to things that were too large or heavy to possibly be inside. He pictured books, weapons, clean socks, tubes of toothpaste, puzzles, seeds, more chess pieces, thumbtacks, an iPad… lots of things.
“Mhmm.”
“That too.”
“You a cuddler, Cas?”
-like,” Charlie says. She looks more disappointed than mad.
Dean cocks up one eyebrow. “No?”
“Lucifer.”
Castiel shakes his head slowly. “It took me
There’s a man standing in front of him; brown hair, icy blue eyes, grocery bags at his feet.
to her.”
“Did you send the letter to Mom?”
“Through rose-colored glasses, I feel like I ignored a lot of his flaws because of that image I had of him as the perfect baseball player.”
“Of course I remember you, Dean,” Castiel says. He sounds like maybe he’s smiling, it makes Dean smile a little too.
Dean goes to bed smiling, but it’s no surprise to him when he just can’t fall asleep. Over ninety minutes pass while Dean tries to relax and fall asleep on this comfortable couch. It just won’t happen. Wanting it won’t make it happen, won’t stop him from spending the night staring at the ceiling, or stop his back from aching slightly after he goes outside to sleep on the ground.
Dean?” Castiel teases.
Everyone stops staring at Dean to look at Charlie.
“Would you rather I
Yes, Dean has a hellish nightmare past and has killed more people than Castiel saw at his last high school reunion, but… surprisingly that’s not a deal breaker. It doesn’t change how Castiel feels about Dean. He’s done his marinating as Claire suggested, and though it’s been a long time, he knows what it feels like when he’s falling in love.
“We could change our Facebook status to ‘It’s Complicated’,” Dean tries.
“What are you doing?”
Gabriel pats him on the shoulder. “I’ll tell you when you’re older, Mikey.”
I’m trying to do right by her. But right… the
“We can do that,” Castiel says. He kisses Dean’s temple, and Dean feels some of his anxiety drain away.
“Maybe… but a lot of it is just so
“Kissed my first guy not long after you moved away, actually.”
Dean props himself up on his elbows. Now that he’s not moving around, the chill in the air is starting to settle on him. “Really? Where?”
“He’s not that old.”
Dean shoves his plate to the side so he can slam his head down on Sam’s dining room table. It’s painful. “You’re right.”
“A what?”
The tears building in Sam’s eyes finally start to break free, and when Dean offers Sam a sedative he just laughs and pulls Dean into a bone-crushing hug.
weirded out?”
Dean’s actually surprised to hear that. Dean had assumed, because Castiel has told Dean that his father loves him, that he must love his father in return.
“I’m ready to paint if you are,” he says. “I went with the colors I chose last weekend. I was having a lot of trouble settling on the colors, but my sister Rachel was kind enough to remind me that I can always paint over it in the future.”
Claire smiles, closing her eyes. “Cool.”
They hit a couple of stores, and as much as Jimmy would love to buy everything in every store for Claire, he just doesn’t have it in his savings. They buy makeup and sports bras that are on sale, and some things that apparently are meant to pad Claire’s bras. They look like uncooked chicken. They hit secondhand clothing stores to augment Claire’s wardrobe. Claire doesn’t load up on pink clothes or frilly dresses like Jimmy was sort of expecting, but she does branch out beyond the baggy jeans and shirts she’s been favoring ever since Jimmy and Amelia started letting her pick her own clothes. She gets closer fitting tops in a variety of colors, jeans with cute patterns embroidered on the back pockets, lots of purple. The only hiccup comes when Claire realizes she needs to see how the clothes look over a stuffed bra, and she has to try everything on again once Jimmy makes a trip to the car.
