“No problem.” The Bartender leaned back against the counter and looked at Sherlock for a mere moment. Almost as if to ask a question. His attention was otherwise drawn by a customer wanting another drink. Sherlock had never before wanted to snap a person’s neck so much in his life. He shook his head at the thoughts of murder floating across his consciousness. A perceptive glance of the room around him had told him he hadn't missed his target in his distraction. He fixed his gaze on the door once more.
“Going so soon?” The Bartender’s voice was much closer than Sherlock had expected anyone’s to be. Sherlock suspected that if he turned around he would come nose to nose with the man. He didn’t quite trust himself with the proximity so he took a half step forward and turn around. His words caught in his throat as he looked at the man before him. He hadn’t noticed how short the man was while he had been sitting. The man was nearly a half foot shorter than himself. A piece of hair had fallen from it’s neat style and was hanging down his forehead and Sherlock found himself wanting nothing more than to brush it back into place. He cleared his throat once, then once more for good measure.
Sherlock looked down at the untouched drink the lady bartender had set in front of him. He wasn’t planning on drinking it but he’d learned before that bartenders tended to frown at people who sat at the bar without ordering anything. Fixing his eyes on the door across from him, he attempted to tune out the noise of those around him.
Mycroft blinked. Sherlock didn’t know if it was because he wasn’t supposed to know this or if it was because he seldom expressed interest in any underhanded deals his brother partook in.
The boy who had been emptying the nearest bedchambers of their dirty laundry was rather surprised to see the Prince leave his room mere seconds after entering it, and more surprised still to have his shoulder grasped by a vice-like hand.
“Yes Sire.”
Before he could dash off, however, a hand fell on his shoulder and the man beside him fairly bellowed:
“I only have one question left. Why did you poison my knight?”
John had had some time to think about what had happened as the two brothers conversed at length. It hadn’t been that useful in terms of coming to terms with the fact he had called the Prince’s actions disgraceful; but at least he had made his decision.
As Sherlock jumped from his throne and made his way to the side-door usually reserved for servants, sharply gesturing to make sure John would follow him, he could have sworn the Princess’s eyes were studying him curiously.
The idea of relying on his title to get people to listen to him had been until then repugnant, and it created a small jolt in his stomach to hear himself say that he was indeed a knight. His counterpart, however, only smiled mockingly - John didn’t know how he had expected the rude young man to react, but it certainly wasn’t with incredulity.
“Are you relieved, John?”
“Certainly.” A curious frown. “Does this bother you? They killed three of their victims, you know, one of them an infant boy.”
Suddenly feeling the return of the deep fatigue that the strangeness of the events had kept at bay for the past hour and a half, John resolutely left in the other direction, whistling in order to call his mare.
The man didn’t reply to his badly-masked query for more details as to how he had known this, choosing instead to question him.
“Sit down and stop acting like a petulant child. I have to put a dressing on this if you don’t want it to scar durably.”
“Thus her alliance with us isn’t motivated by her need to reinforce her Kingdom against outside enemies. She’s been threatened from within.”
With a moue of disquiet, Prince Sherlock went in search of his brother.
In spite of the time he had to devote to this enigma now that he was almost confined to their bedchambers by a worried Prince he hadn’t come any closer to understanding his master’s emotions by the day clarions resonated to announce Princess Adler’s arrival. Stealing a glance at Sherlock from where they stood in welcome on the machicolations, both in their best attire – which meant much more for the Prince that it did for him, as he had simply tried to decrease his less-worn gown – and finding him frowning, he resolved that he would find his answer before the royal wedding’s celebrations could come to an end.
The knights cheered as they both bowed to each other, and John felt an excitement that wasn’t totally unlike bloodlust; it was a rush of self-confidence and delight in his victory, both profoundly satisfying and totally unexpected. He could do this, he thought as he readied himself for the second round, he could become a knight. He could stay in the castle along with the dark-haired not-quite-stranger with the smooth voice.
“Oh, really?”
Truly curious now about this strange man’s philosophies, John queried:
Sherlock was practically unmoving except for his long, agile fingers, whose slightly jerky movements revealed his anxiety as they fluttered away and drew half-shaped forms to punctuate his story. At first John found himself at a loss of what he could possibly answer this strange and unknown version of his master, who seemed more vulnerable and yet more tightly-guarded than ever before. But truly, only one thing could ever only distract the Prince – and so John did his best to present him with a mystery that could effectively attract his attention.
“Are you sure, Sire? Surely you needn’t bother…”
His brother wasn’t totally finished, however.
Sherlock straightened a little on his armchair, obviously interested in this unusual titbit of information about his childhood.
For such an intelligent man, Prince Sherlock sure could be obtuse.
“I’ve heard of him. An ex-colonel, isn’t he?”
“Oh, I’ve no doubt that you’d be able to triple his current wages without it being a strain on your personal finances before many years – but what about his status? He hasn’t been officially dubbed, and as far as I remember my presence is still necessary for this kind of ceremonies.”
Sherlock didn’t give him the pleasure of a reaction.
The Lady they were referring to winced once more and John frowned a little at the unwarranted attack. Sherlock threw him an amused look – he could almost hear the Prince chiding him once more about his too-soft heart – and spoke for the first time, his baritone voice filling the room and silencing the whispers that had begun to spread.
“I’m relieved to know your memory isn’t failing you yet.”
John Watson’s eyes, which had been intermittently threatening to close for the last few hours of his long trip, suddenly snapped open, bright and alert, as he heard the pitiful cry. In order to determine from where the cry had come he immediately pulled on his reins, the black mare obeying with an alacrity that belied its wariness.
“Certainly, sir. And I expect that she’ll be here for a while yet.”
Between the two of them the fight was soon over, two of their adversaries having run away in fright before they could strike them down, and John had turned to address the man that had somehow become more than a stranger when he remembered his first reason for stopping.
The question was asked rather abruptly, but the hands putting the dressing around his arm stayed extremely gentle. It was all very fascinating.
The corridors were surprisingly empty, noted John as he crossed them on his way to Lady Hudson’s bedchambers; he had met a grand total of five people in the last quarter of an hour, and none since he had entered the richest part of the castle. He had already noticed this earlier, as he had made his way towards the training grounds. He had expected such a big castle to be bursting with life, but it seemed the nobles valued their tranquillity over everything else. He had no doubt that the servants’ quarters were rather more animated.
“It was an honour fighting with you against those ruffians – seldom have I met a man on whom I could depend so completely in a row. I would be much obliged if you’d let me offer you the opportunity to fight alongside me on a regular basis.”
“Yer horse has been there a while, Gent.”
“Indeed.”
“I’m certain this will be just fine, King Mycroft. Thank you very much for your solicitude this evening. If you will excuse my rudeness, however, I believe it’s getting late, and I have much to do before I can rest.”
“I’d also like the chance to get to know you more…thoroughly.”
This unexpected strike at his current deepest fear left him silent once more and the woman continued, apparently satisfied.
Few individuals truly caught his attention; the Princess first and foremost, of course, her long dark blond hair being offset by a beautiful ruby placed on her forehead. He was mainly surprised to see that she seemed almost uncomfortable, keeping her head low rather than greeting her hosts as was proper, and that she rode alone, with no maid at her side. A guard among many others was the next person he noticed, if only because he was incredibly beautiful, with a youthful, almost androgynous face. Feeling his eyes on him the guard raised his gaze, smirking impertinently and winking at him. Blushing, John averted his eyes and met Sherlock’s instead, who looked from him to the guard twice before the corner of his mouth rose a little, the way it did when he was darkly amused by something mere mortals would probably never understand. John deflated a little; he didn’t know exactly what emotion he’d been hoping for, but it certainly wasn’t sardonic amusement.
“You’re being quite unfair, brother of mine. If your spies did their job correctly you’d know that John Watson’s arm was injured as he tried to save my life – and certainly even you wouldn’t blame him for being poisoned. For all we know the cup was altered because the culpable thought I intended to drink it.”
“Princess Adler certainly appears to be a determined young woman.”
Surprisingly this latest activity seemed to interest the Prince enough to make sure that he’d stay still for the rest of the afternoon and John soon relaxed in the armchair he had dragged by the fire, the unknown words forming a strange melody as Sherlock kept reading. He never saw the Prince’s brow unwillingly relax from the concentrated frown it had settled in as he raised his head from his book to find John fast asleep, never heard him quietly lay the tome aside and cross the room to leave, never felt the touch of the three fingertips Sherlock had let brush his forehead for a mere second.
And as the eyes of the Lady in question glistened with tears for the very first time this evening, as John whirled to look at her, more hurt and confused than ever, Sherlock finally made his exit.
“It’s fine, Molly, you can come out now!”
“Is it truly?”
“I’m perfectly fine. Please return to your room.”
His brother’s eyes widened the slightest bit in a rare show of surprise before narrowing again.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow as his brother carelessly showed his hand, smiling slightly in triumph.
John was more than a little surprised – Sherlock had always seemed totally apolitical and for him to show this amount of interest for anything else than his chemical experiments was unusual to say the least.
“The guards are mainly imbeciles – and the knights are barely better. They certainly lack the finesse necessary for the missions I undertake.”
“I’m certain I don’t want to know how you came to be in possession of this information, Sherlock. In any case, yes, Moriarty’s name has come up more than once, including once in the Princess’s own mouth. She seems to believe he’d stop at nothing to make sure Bohemia stays under its regent’s control, considering she’s not fallen pray to Colonel Moran’s influence.”
The wedding was to be held on the morrow, and John mostly felt relieved. For the past week, ever since he had woken up on Sherlock’s bed to find the Prince at his bedside, Sherlock had behaved in a way John would have dubbed as overprotective if he had been describing anyone else. Sherlock certainly didn’t hover or even asked about his health, but he rarely left his knight alone and never when anyone else visited, only leaving to further investigate the events that had led to John’s poisoning – or at least John supposed that’s what he was doing, having not been put in the confidence in spite of his many queries.
“Moriarty.”
It also made him curious.
And they both did.
“He is but one man, Mycroft. I seem to remember there’s an empty room attached to mine.”
“And the reason why there are no Prince’s Knights is because you ardently refused to even consider the idea the last seven times it was suggested.”
John had pretty much been confined to his rooms by Ella, barring a daily hour-long walk they generally used to visit Lestrade so Sherlock could torture the man a little, in spite of John’s efforts to make him lay off the long-suffering Captain who seemed more and more strained as the wedding approached – John could only suppose securing the castle in those conditions was nearly impossible. The main consequence of his confinement was that the Prince Was Bored. John had quickly learnt, after finding all the too-soft pillows of the princely bed clinically hacked to pieces by a masterfully-wielded sword, that this was generally a bad thing.
“I’m afraid not – I was told that I had promise, and to try my luck again the next time such a position opened.” He didn’t say what was obvious, that his family certainly couldn’t afford him to make such trips, using resources and depriving them from what he made as a part-time sword trainer, if he wasn’t going to send home a knight’s salary afterwards.
“Always the perfect son, right Mycroft? Heaven forbid something happened to Mummy’s dear Kingdom.”
“John Watson, oh my, how you have grown! Come in, come in, let me have a look at you!”
“No, no, the place was filled. Sir Bolmir – Knight Bolmir, I should say – gave a convincing-enough performance to be considered able for the post.”
“Why was Princess Adler so concerned about this castle’s security?”
The sensation of being useless, of living nothing was one he was well accustomed to – but it had never seemed so overwhelming before.
The End
“What the devil was this all about?”
“So she was, what? Your bait?”
“A distant uncle from the Princess, and a trusted friend of her late father. His mind, however, seems to have been slowly poisoned by his closest confident – a certain Sebastian Moran, I believe.”
They both nodded as the King took his leave from his fiancée, acknowledging what they hadn’t said and yet both perfectly heard. Usually impeccably observant, Mycroft didn’t notice as he left that his hand had curled the slightest bit, as if holding an invisible chess pawn.
“I must confess to some surprise that you’d obey the King. You certainly…don’t seem to see eye to eye on many subjects.”
John didn’t bother to point out to the man that there certainly wasn’t enough left of the night to constitute a “good night’s rest”, nor that even if there had been, he had never known the Prince to sleep more than three hours in a row. Instead he used what was probably the only weapon at his disposal.
“I do – I’ve asked as we arrived what the shortest way to the forest was and the kitchen staff was kind enough to let me use their door to the outside every day. Those walks have been a habit for a long while now, you see.”
The man himself wasn’t easy to live with; apart from his weird moods and lack of conversation, he also had the disconcerting habit of staring at John like he was trying very hard to map him out, sometimes for hours on end. A whole corner of the room was dedicated to what John would have called Alchemy if the idea of the Prince himself training in the Dark Arts hadn’t been so ridiculous and very often emitted strange noise and unpleasant smells.
At first everything seemed fine – Bohemia’s regent and King Mycroft exchanged welcomes and pleasantries in a cordial tone while Sherlock, bored out of his mind, drummed his long fingers on the side of his smaller throne and shot John exasperated glances he answered with tolerant smiles. A certain tension nonetheless permeated the room, and everything came as a standstill as it was the Princess’s turn to advance towards her hosts. She seemed even more nervous than she had when riding, John noted with sympathy, even trembling a little.
“And to what do I owe this lack of courtesy, sir?” He asked, voice clipped, insisting on the title as if to remind the man across him of their existence. The grey eyes in front of him widened in obviously false surprise.
He had finally, a last resort, suggested Sherlock read to him – the Prince had few books in his room but they were well-thumbed, showing that he did have some interest in literature. Sherlock had shot him an unreadable look before agreeing, seizing a large opus and starting to read aloud. John was honest enough to admit that the experience was pleasant, to say the least – Sherlock’s voice was compelling at any time, and hearing him slowly enunciate words he couldn’t understand was definitively…invigorating.
As always, this strange tension. It shivered through the room, curdled along his spine, whispered inaudibly of battlefields he had never seen and never thought he’d want to see.
He gave a little nod and went back to the Prince’s bedchambers, sighing when he was met with an empty and messy room. He certainly had a lot of thinking to do.
He certainly didn’t expect another, much darker mystery to be presented to them, one that would involve much higher stakes than a Prince’s feelings about his brother’s marriage.
“I’m sure, Gregson.” The guard paled a little at the imperious tone, immediately saluting and leaving. John’s attention instantaneously focused on the other man, more than a bit surprised.
They had settled in what could have been called a routine, had the word not been incompatible with Prince Sherlock’s very self. As it was, the two men at least adapted beautifully to each other, John learning to ignore the constant mess their bedchambers were in and Sherlock managing to forgive him when he had to take a break to eat or sleep during missions. It was, however, on said missions that they found themselves growing always closer together. It made a certain amount of sense, considering they had immediately fought alongside each other when they had met, and more than once John had found himself smiling ruefully as he reflected on the words the Prince had used to convince him to let Sherlock call him John. They had indeed bonded through battle.
“Lady Sarah is settling in fine as well, then? I understand such a change in ventures can destabilise even the sturdiest soul.”
“How did they?”
“I still think…”
Sherlock showed no outward reaction whatsoever, even as he almost heard the last part of the trap that had been slowly enclosing on them click into place, when Lord Astair gave voice to the suspicions his confident had patiently nurtured in him in the last weeks, or perhaps months. Their opponent had finally showed his hand, and his move was a bold one – a poisoning that ignored her taster to touch the Princess only, a poison which had found its way to a plate resting between Mycroft’s and his without them noticing anything.
Belatedly remembering his manners, he took a short bow, an action which painted the servant girl’s cheeks a lovely pink.
Sherlock was unconcerned about this precision, sure that unlocking this man’s secrets would require much less time than that – actually, it was convenient for him, as it meant he’d no longer have to think of an excuse to get the man off his service and out of his bedchambers once he had no more use for him. However, his brother did raise an interesting point.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow as he considered the man in front of him, but his knight’s eyes, as they met his, were filled with nothing but total innocence. He let the comment go, lips twitching slightly.
Culverton Smith was certainly an interesting character; his apothecary was renowned for providing its most faithful clients with anything they needed in less than a fortnight, no matter how dubiously legal. The manager with the twisted smile had actually been investigated more than once by the royal guard but they had never managed to find anything against him. The Prince had little doubt that the man’s place was in the dungeons somewhere, or possibly on the gibbet; but Smith’s gossiping tongue held far too much interest for him to try and arrest the man. There wasn’t anything that the man wouldn’t reveal for gold, and he held information about places and people Sherlock would never have allowed his street kids to investigate.
“Sire. Sire!”
“This was a slightly more difficult, and relied the slightest bit on chance, I must confess. I observed your way to fight, how you were careful not to do any damage – this, coupled with your attentiveness to any form of life that isn’t yours, told me a lot. Added to the small pouch to hang next to your scabbard, in which I can see a few medicinal plants, it seemed to show that you had had at least part of a physician training. As those matters certainly don’t usually concern knights, even though I’m of the opinion that a good knowledge of anatomy is indispensable to a true fencer, it was logical to assume your own dream had more to do with medicine than with swords.”
After congratulating him on managing to keep the wound from bleeding too much and asking if he had ever received medical training – Sherlock smirked a little then – she pronounced him fit to go, recommending that he didn’t move his arm around for half a lunar cycle, longer if he could help it. He tensed a bit at the news, wondering anew what use he would be to his master without his dominant arm, but his dark thoughts were interrupted by a hand briefly holding and shaking his (right) shoulder.
“This is Sir John Watson – Knight John Watson, actually. I’ve decided to make him part of the Prince’s Knights.”
“So it would be correct to assume that if you had both been led to consume a little of a certain ingredient every morning and every evening during your entire stay here, an ingredient that would interact negatively with a dish only served at the royal table, she’d be the only guest to suffer from such an interaction?”
John smiled a little at that. Trust the man to remember such a detail almost two months after their meeting.
The guard didn’t seem terribly impressed by his polite and earnest tone, nor did he seem intimidated by John’s instinctive defensive posture as his hand came near the hilt of his sword.
This train of thoughts explained why his first words as Sherlock joined him were desperate apologies.
“Can’t bash the hand holding the purse the money comes from, can we? A royal freak is still a royal, I guess. Not the first time I’ve seen fear of repercussion shut a man’s mouth when he would have talked.”
The two men seemed to realize at the same time that John’s hand was still circling the Prince’s arm and Sherlock impatiently shook it off.
Stubbornly he blinked again, placing a shaking hand on the bed beside him and trying to raise his body a little from where he felt like he was drowning in a too-soft pillow. The hand that took hold of his right elbow was unexpected but welcome, especially as he instantly recognised the spindly fingers holding him up. Part of him loosened in relief as he established that the Prince hadn’t been poisoned as well and as he finally managed to open his eyes he found that he already had a small smile on his face.
“May I remind you that the elusive “Prince’s knights’ quarters” don’t exist?”
“No it didn’t. However, it did have to do with the fact that our allies are getting sparser, our enemies stronger and that ensuring Count Bolmir’s loyalty was essential to preserve this Kingdom’s continual survival, Sherlock!”
“Indeed she did not, Sire. I believe she was told this by the King a few days ago – he also graciously offered her the use of one of the royal tasters.”
As Sherlock asked him whom he could trust to look after him as he left for the kitchen and he asked for either Lady Hudson or Lady Sarah he didn’t really let himself ponder what it meant that Sherlock had stayed at his side until he was sure John would be fine, nor what the pinched line the Prince’s mouth had become at the mention of the Princess’s maid meant, but a slight smile stubbornly stayed on his features: in spite of his earlier misadventures, the life before him suddenly seemed rather full of possibilities.
“Trample around gracelessly and inefficiently, as is their way, effectively warning our miscreants that they should either be more discreet or make themselves scarce from this part of the woods entirely, after which they would have started to strike on grounds much less protected. I think not.”
“But you beat him! I might have to reconsider holding the knights’ intelligence as superior to the guards’ if they can argue with such a result.”
He had even asked Lady Hudson to give them the pleasure of her company for a cup of tea, but while watching her interact with the boy she had more-or-less raised and reminisce on a few childhood anecdotes about the two brothers had been fascinating, her well-meant cooing over his still-tired form and the disapproving glances she had shot at their untidy bedchambers had left him too exhausted to want to repeat the experience anytime soon.
“You’ve been Princess Irene’s taster for a few years now?”
“Apparently, I never was.” John said, smiling a bit as he crossed the room in three steps and seized the Prince’s wrists to try and calm them. “But then it seems my new functions will allow for quite a bit of free time, so I guess if you need some help on your cases I will probably be available.”
“Oh I’m sure you do, John, but you see I really have to warn the incompetent captain of the guard that they have a band of ruffians to put in gaol – in this, at least, they are truly experts.”
“Keep your trap shut and let me listen – this is getting interesting.” She ordered, shivering just the slightest as that made him chuckle against her neck.
Before he could reassemble his thoughts enough to answer the difficult query, two men approached them, looking as if they had been walking for a while now.
“The regent then?”
Mycroft’s voice was loftily pointing out all the discrepancies in the tentative analysis Sherlock was making of this situation and hearing them spoken aloud only made Sherlock this more uneasy. Still, he answered decisively.
“Of course, Sire.” Her voice was almost steady, and Sherlock almost admired her for it.
The dark-haired not-quite-stranger that wasn’t at all a stranger or even a knight must have replied something but John didn’t hear it, occupied as he was to realise the depth of his blindness and naïveté. The man that had approached them had his face engraved on every single one of his purse’s coins, and there was only one person named Sherlock that he could think of.
It occurred to John to wonder just how many times this had happened. Had the Prince often stumbled in, tired and hurt, while he slept placidly a few feet away or laid away despairing about the man’s lack of trust in him? He felt a sudden burst of contempt for the fool he had been – some Prince’s knight he was. But he now had his chance to act and earn his master’s trust.
His eyes snapped up to meet light grey ones, and he realised it was the first time they had actually exchanged eye-contact in this conversation. He likewise remembered just why he had decided to keep his gaze on the vicinity of the man’s shoulder; those eyes were the man’s most dangerous weapon.
“The King?”
“How…”
Three hours later, when John woke up, the Prince was nowhere to be seen; nonetheless, inexplicably, he felt better-rested than he had in almost a week.
Even as he desperately tried to make sure his knight would live to see another moon, a small part of Sherlock’s mind couldn’t help but notice and analyse his own peculiar reactions. Elevated heart rate. Slightly clammy hands. A light-headed feeling not unlike vertigo. Those were all symptoms which would usually result from physical activity, but this couldn’t be the case right then. Could they really be the result of mere emotional distress? John could die, he thought experimentally, and his breath caught a little as the most extraordinary pain violently stabbed at his chest. Heart attack, he immediately diagnosed, but the pain didn’t repeat itself, merely slowly recessing and leaving a persisting ache behind. This truly was only his answer to the possibility of his knight’s demise. Fascinating.
At this unexpected reply, John once more felt a smile draw on his lips, and more unexpectedly saw one bloom on the other man’s lips as well. This look, he decided, suited him better than his previous cold countenance, for all that the man himself seemed surprised to feel it on his features.
“Yes, really. I had actually meant to tell you; I’m now engaged. To Princess Adler. The wedding is in two months.”
“Considering the Princess of Bohemia is expected to arrive in the week and our activities will then mostly consist in an endless stream of boring diplomatic matters, I’m quite certain we’ll manage.”
“This part of the castle is strictly off-limits to anyone who doesn’t belong to the royal family or the royal guard.”
The young man that approached was the one John had noticed earlier, and as he spoke his voice reflected his appearance perfectly, being oddly pitched between the masculine and the feminine and extremely mischievous.
“Naturally. No matter that she agreed or that she received a financial contribution for her troubles. Putting a young girl in such a position of danger should be avoided at all costs. Surely there were other options; if those are royal grounds, the royal guard should have been able to…”
“Never mind this. Are you alright?”
Sherlock’s smirk promptly disappeared.
John was torn between being relieved – considering he was apparently Sherlock’s only confident as well as his knight he was expected to attend the meetings his master did, no matter that it should have been the role of the Prince’s manservant, but he didn’t have access to a comfortable chair - and a bit disappointed, as the two meetings they had been forced to join in had allowed him to commiserate in lowered voices with Princess Adler’s confident, Lady Sarah, over what it meant to serve a master with such unusual character. Considering that both official gatherings had put Sherlock in the blackest mood he had yet to see the Prince in he finally settled on grateful, even if the absence of cases and John’s inability to make a decent sparring partner with his hurt arm meant Sherlock was often dreadfully bored and therefore terribly annoying.
“Your noble status is made obvious by your possession of both a horse and a sword, while your current lack of fortune is written all across your clothes. You’ve been showing signs for the latest hour that your boots, although clearly well-worn, still hurt your feet – it wouldn’t be the case it those were yours, so you’ve been given them for this trip, most likely from an older brother with feet smaller than yours. The bags I’ve seen on your mount indicate a five or six-days trip, but your horse is fresher than it should be, had you been travelling alone the whole time – no doubt someone from home accompanied you at first with at least another horse, ensuring the mounts wouldn’t get as tired. Your character is clearly discernible from your actions and words – you went to rescue someone because you heard a voice screaming from help, not because you wanted a fight. Still, you stayed and fought against seven people alongside me instead of fleeing, showing a certain brand of recklessness that certainly isn’t expanded to include other people’s life, as you abandoned the advantage your horse represented to make sure it would be safe – you should perhaps try and find it, by the way – and then thoroughly made it clear that I shouldn’t have risked Molly in this way. Your attitude to Molly was also very telling; that you called her Lady when she was obviously a servant girl with no falseness in your tone shows that you put mutual respect above the conventions dictated by our stiff social order.”
“I see. Sherlock, may I have a word with you?”
“No need to look so down, you know! You weren’t truly supposed to beat one of us!”
At this moment, the fencing master came forward once more.
And then he felt it – this exquisite rush of pure triumph as the disjointed parts of the puzzle joined to form a clear picture where there had only been a disorientating jumble of voices, colours, events and facts. And then he talked for the first time since Irene had fallen, knowing – feeling, with a small shiver of excitement John would have reprimanded him for had he known, that time itself was against them.
Sherlock only nodded, his lips narrowed in thought, as he rose from the chair he had sat in across the girl, absently holding out a gold coin to her. He barely took notice of her widened eyes and enthusiastic thanks, the facts already repeating themselves endlessly in his mind. He was clearly missing a large part of this particular puzzle – and he knew precisely who could enlighten him.
He blinked and found that the scene had changed once more; Ella had put John in a half-sitting position and was now impatiently gesturing at his knight’s feet.
Truly chagrined now, John acknowledged two things; first, that the mocking guard from earlier must have voluntarily given him wrong directions, and secondly that the guard in front of him now seemed very determined to believe the worst of him. For a moment he felt truly distraught, pondering his few options. Although he believed he might have been able to fight this man if it came to this, he somehow doubted that getting in a row with one of the royal guards would endear him to the men who’d judge his skills as a potential knight – however, he likewise suspected that the man in front of him wasn’t ready to listen open-mindedly to more protests of his innocence. Just as his imagination started to get the better of him and he wondered if you could be thrown in the dungeons just for being at the wrong place in the capital, a deep and already familiar voice resonated.
“What punishment will they receive, then?”
Answering that a little time to rest would be lovely, John took no time in hanging his rather fatigued traveller cloak next to the lady’s own coats and furs before crossing Lady Hudson’s quarters to the room she had pointed out to him with a flick of her wrist. The room was smaller than his at home but much more richly decorated and he was delighted to find that the basin in a corner had already been filled with fresh water. Rapidly freshening up, he tried to concentrate on what would happen next. His travel had taken him a day longer that what he had expected, meaning that the knights’ practice he’d be a part of in order to prove his skills was to be held on the morrow; it left little time for him to prepare. Staring at his reflection in the water, he promised himself then that no matter what happened, he would leave these rooms with no regrets, whether it was to go back home or to move in the knights’ quarters.
“How did you ever manage to get stabbed in the arm at this time of the night?”
The Prince stayed at his side as she expertly applied a poultice and dressed the wound, an unmoving and silent presence that attracted more than a few raised eyebrows from the obviously curious woman. John had thought that by now the news the Prince had “acquired” a knight had circled the castle, but either he had overestimated the rumour mills’ power or Ella, as she had asked to be called, didn’t listen to gossip.
The other man raised a brow, acknowledging and choosing to address the clear challenge John’s words had represented.
“If the place is still vacant, perhaps you should try your chance again before leaving the castle.”
“Well the only one I can remember seeing is the Princess’s lady, the nice one with the beautiful dress. I know she was there because she gave me a silver coin when I went to look for a basin for the Princess. A real silver coin, look!”
“Actually, I thought it only proper to ensure your future husband would be the one privileged enough to possess such an item.”
John’s eyes flew to meet his at that, clearly uncertain, but for once Sherlock didn’t want to meet them as Mycroft’s total victory was made totally clear. Sherlock may have seemed to direct the events this evening, but his brother had obviously known about the poison, and sufficiently in advance to make sure he’d be able to make good on his threat to steal John from him even as he cured his fiancée.
“May I ask our Royal Physician to identify this plant, as well as the effects of its roots – which have been in this case carefully cut - when combined with even the smallest amount of an Ellebora leaf?”
John almost choked at the sudden and unwarranted mark of familiarity.
“Perhaps we should adjourn the rest of the ceremony to tomorrow; I do believe our guests are tired. I’m looking forward to seeing you at our welcoming banquet tonight.”
The sound was a growl rather than a word as the Regent of Bohemia surged to his feet, standing protectively over the body of the fallen Princess, drawing up his sword and pointing it at King Mycroft, The Freak Prince and the Prince’s knight in a smooth movement that belied his age.
“Undoubtedly mischievous, but then I’d assume nothing less would interest your brother.”
Only two serious hypotheses remained; either Sherlock had seen something in John Watson that he wished to explore, or he was trying to mess with his brother. Mycroft ran an even more thorough check of John Watson’s kneeling figure before throwing an exasperated glance at Sherlock; obviously he had decided on the latter theory and had little patience for what he perceived to be another of his brother’s games.
“What did your parents do when it was time to give her away, then?”
“Although most of those missions barely represent a challenge of any sort, I agreed to fulfil them for the rare few that come around with some interesting features. It certainly has nothing to do with my brother.”
“Lack of courtesy? I’d have thought that by now, anything but our given names should ring false between us. We have bonded through battle; is there any stronger link in this world?”
“Oh, she has. Thank you for your concern, but truly as my companion and friend of many years she’s certainly used to my shenanigans by now. I never had any doubt that she’d stay as calm and steadfast as always in the new and exciting circumstances of this union.”
The sarcasm in the young man’s tone was more than obvious.
And as Sherlock’s mouth stayed shut for once, Mycroft stalked away, his last words trailing after him.
“And you exercised those functions for the past two weeks as well, is that correct?”
Determining the sound had come from his left he quickly left the trail, intent on stopping whichever ignominy was going to be committed. He certainly didn’t expect to be stopped by a devilishly tall man running out in front of him and trying to seize his mount’s reins.
“Hey, you there! What do you think you’re doing here?”
Having confirmed that in spite of his nerves trying to tell him otherwise his arm hadn’t nearly been ripped off his body, he closed his eyes in shame. His clumsiness had almost killed the person he had sworn to protect; what kind of knight stumbled over tree roots? The could-have-beens kept repeating themselves in his mind’s eye, in an unbearable but inescapable loop of agony. If he hadn’t been fast enough, the fifth man’s attack could well have felled the Prince. If his master hadn’t been such a skilled fencer, he could have been seriously hurt while battling two opponents.
Moran’s forays into the woods, twice a day. John, on the floor, pale and barely breathing. The only thing I know is that her taster is fine and you’re the only two who had access to her plate! Lady Sarah’s presence in the kitchen. Only the freshest ingredients, and I picked the Ellebora leaf for the soup myself Sire, I swear! Lady Sarah, at John’s bedside after his poisoning. The brew was under constant surveillance! Irene’s disguise. The Princess looks tired, Sherlock, don’t you think? John had asked as they waited for her to make her way through the hall to reach her future husband. Moriarty. The table where Lady Sarah and Moran had both been eating, a respectful twenty-five feet away from the royal table - none of them had gotten up during the feast. I only regret traditions keep me from having Lady Sarah next to me on this fine day, Irene had murmured when Mycroft had asked her if all was well. The only thing I know is that her taster is fine! His own unsuccessful following of Moran in the woods the day before. John’s rueful look as Sherlock dismissed his explanations of the royal wedding’s ceremonial rituals as irrelevant.
“I trust you’ve found your quarters to be to your convenience?”
The Princess seemed unsure rather than mocking for the first time since John had unknowingly met her but the King rose before she could answer, trying to defuse what was slowly starting to resemble chaos.
“Be quiet, man! You’re going to ruin everything!” Such a retort did little to clear away either his confusion or his irritation but it seemed like he would have to wait for any further answers, as suddenly other cries resonated around them, this time battle-hungry rather than desperate.
Hello everyone!! Hope we are all ready for the final episode of S4 tomorrow (I'm not) though just in case you are not, or even if you are, here is a little something to help get you through it (^_^) Seriously, this chapter is so full of cute that it may end up making you sick. We are not liable for any damage though!!
He hadn’t spoken loudly, especially when compared to Lord Astair’s increasingly belligerent declamations, and yet a hush seemed to fall on the room as the young woman, who had earlier been stopped by a guard on her frantic way to the royal table, finally got to the table where Ella had made guards put down the Princess and was now desperately administering the most common antidotes to her, reaching a trembling hand towards her Lady’s hair.
“Right, mister Knight. You can sure have a place in the stable, and I’ll make sure to treat yer horse particularly well.”
So high up he couldn’t hear anything, but this was the price for being unbothered; and anyway, he didn’t need to be closer to recognise John’s small figure. He had repressed a smile at the teaching lesson the man’s first fight had become, figuring it was yet another consequence of John’s great heart, and slightly nodded in unseen congratulations as the man won his second fight and lasted for far longer that the average trainee against Knight Gerove, who despite his usual light-hearted behaviour was a serious and expert fencer.
“I beg your pardon?”
“We need to put him in the bed. I have to examine him more fully.”
The enquiry would have seemed strange and even brusque if John hadn’t known what the other man had seemed to guess about him the day before last; as it was, he understood that he was asked whether he would now try and pursue his own ambitions.
“When Harry – or Harriet, should I say – was born, there were complications; my mother was told she wouldn’t be able to bear any more children. My father needed an heir, but loved his spouse too much to remarry, so he raised Harry as he would have done a son. I was born seven years later, but I was premature; and my father kept the charade until they were sure I was going to survive. By the time I was six and finally robust enough, it was too late. Harry is quite strong-willed, you see, and she enjoyed the freedom life as a boy afforded her. She liked sword-fighting far too much to drop it for embroidery and she categorically refused to ‘become a girl’. In any case, I believe she makes a far better heir than I would ever have done.” John smiled a little bitterly.
“Then why won’t you be my knight?”
Nonetheless a half-formed thought niggled at him, the feeling that there was something he had forgotten, a precious detail he had ignored; every time he sought to seize the illusive idea, it escaped him once more, until he was filled with the kind of vague frustration he usually let escape through sword-training. His training partner being unavailable – and here Sherlock carefully disregarded the fact he had managed to train for 21 years before meeting John – he headed to their rooms once more. Certainly watching his knight trying to find a way to entertain him and thus curb his most destructive tendencies was amusing enough to help him unwind.
Bewildered anew, John watched as a young woman, clearly a member of the servant class, came stumbling from the nearest bush. He started to reach out to her in concern as he saw she was trembling faintly, but as she let out an enthusiastic little giggle he realised that she was reacting to excitement rather than fright.
Sherlock could almost follow John’s train of thoughts as the other man remembered the circumstances of their first meeting and – finally – realised why the prince of his kingdom had been chasing bandits alone.
John froze slightly, more because the stable boy’s words painfully awoke all his doubts than because of the inherent impertinence in the other’s queries. He didn’t know how to answer, but it turned out that he didn’t have to.
“There is one now.”
His eyes widened at the impoliteness inherent to the man’s tone of voice, which was cutting and clearly dismissive, but Molly seemed to pay it no heed and she merely did a clumsy little curtsey before leaving in the direction pointed out to her, her cheeks still flushed. Struck mute by all the strangeness he had seen and experienced in the last half of an hour, he finally managed to ejaculate his surprise.
“You’re not my knight anymore.”
Leaving Alte in the good hands of a stable boy and getting to enter the castle was remarkably easy as well; finding Lady Hudson, the old family friend his parents had written a recommendation letter to, was not so. After a brief hesitation he had started for the kitchens, figuring the servants there had to know the location of all the nobles’ bedchambers; rather than trying to figure their location on his own, he had asked another guard to point him the way. His interlocutor had thoroughly detailed his attire with a rather derisive smirk but he had answered his query easily enough; John was grateful he hadn’t tried to trust his instincts because he would have left in the completely opposite direction. A few moments later, however, he figured he must have taken a wrong turn somewhere, because he was in a part of the castle that seemed much too richly decorated to lead to the kitchens and servants’ quarter.
“Come on then, John; the Game is On!”
“I ain’t no sir. But I still know that if she’s staying, you hafta pay up.”
“I’m sure I don’t know what you mean.”
His brother’s answer to his brusque question could have seemed obscure to some, but he had long since grown used to the man’s elliptic reasoning.
When the rain finally started falling, however, he found himself far too drenched to feel any kind of relief.
Sherlock was aware however that his knight knew to be extremely cautious with anything resembling a chemical substance in their chambers and that he’d have sent for a fresh mug of ale from the kitchen rather than reheating a beverage left in their rooms unattended – this had to be a deliberate attempt on John’s life. Or rather on his health, considering the dosage hadn’t been fatal.
John ducked his head a little to smile and thus missed the physician’s frankly speculative stare at them both as she heard the Prince casually refer to himself and another human being as a plural pronoun twice, but Sherlock didn’t. Disdaining to answer her curiosity with anything else than a raised eyebrow, he pointedly took hold of John’s elbow and more-or-less gently guided him out of the woman’s domain and towards their home.
need therapy?”
“Sherlock...George W. Bush spent all the money we made selling weed on My Little Pony figurines. He said it was his weed originally, so it was his money. What are we going to do?” John started sobbing.
Sherlock perked up.
“That? That looks like a nipple. I don’t think I can suck it… But we could try anal. I’m guessing that you don’t need a condom, not that any would fit.”
“YOOOOWCH!”
“A little more than five gallons,” answered Sherlock. “Some got on Bill Clinton’s leotard.”
I panic as I realize that my pen was covered in my love juice. “Oh my gosh, I’m so sorry. It’s just milk, I swear!”
“Well, at least we have the $2 trillion we made from selling weed,” said John. “I’ll call George and tell him to bring the suitcases.” He got out his iPhone X. “Hi George, can you come to the courthouse with the money?” asked John. “What do you mean you can’t? Are there too many? I can ask my house cleaners--what do you mean there’s no more money? You spent it on diamond encrusted single edition My Little Pony collectible figurines!!?!?” John dropped his phone which shattered into a thousand pieces, like his heart.
“How much semen was there during the final orgasm?” asked The Doctor.
Inside, Joe Biden sat on top of his sink, fiddling with his necktie. The water was on, getting his ass and pants wet. Behind him, John’s body was hid behind a medical curtain, blocking all but an odd, fleshy appendage from his view.
“I...Corey, put out a statement of withdrawal, as your last task. I’m going to pay an old friend a visit.”
thought John.
After a while, Mycroft lifted up a short piece of paper.
Sherlock turned to Joe. “Do you think he’s happy? You know, up there?”
“Don’t play stupid, Holmes-Sanders. You know exactly what’s bothering me.”
“Let Senator Holmes-Sanders finish, please,” said Eren, who was slowly rubbing his ass in circles around Levi’s crotch, as Levi let out breathy moans.
“What you’re saying is...my dick didn’t disappear, it exploded?”
“I live in a penthouse mansion with 3 stories, 16 rooms and 3 sex dungeons! I have money,” said John.
“I don’t understand.”
“Oh. I have...a micropenis,” sighed John. “But let’s not talk about that right now please. I didn’t pay for the most talented person in this club to not have a good time!”
The debate ended a few hours later. It was a really rough one for John. He was confronted by Corey, his campaign manager immediately afterwards.
“Corey… What do I do about this? I’ve sinned. I’ve done a dirty homosexual sex.”
“It...doesn’t get erect anymore. I seem to have also developed erectile dysfunction,” said Bill, quietly. There were more hushed whispers from the crowd.
“Good. Now finger yourself open so Daddy can shove his prick into you.”
“But honey, you look so bloody sexy right now. Just think about how much sex we can have with your thick, 17-foot dick.”
“My first decree as head of the executive branch is to end the fruitless war on drugs. In fact, I’ve enacted executive powers, and Congress has
He tossed his phone aside and stared at the limp, lifeless form of his husband, John Watson-Trump, still bearing a rock-hard cock.
“JOHN!!!!!!! What’s wrong?”
“So, so uh, if you ever, you know, uhm,” Joe blinked for a moment, trying desperately to regain his train of thought. “Well. Just know that my pants are always op—no, my door is always open for you.”
“Yeah! It’s unbelievable, right! 19 inches, what do you have to be worried about!?” asked John rhetorically.
“It took all I had to not start touching myself,” continued John. “I’ve waited so long all day.”
right now…”
“We are gathered here today in memory of a fallen comrade. Ten years ago on this very day, John Watson-Trump, aged 39, unfortunately met an untimely demise after getting so hard all the blood in his body traveled straight to his cock.”
Sherlock sobbed and ran to grab his phone from where he’d left it on the desk, quickly pulling up Joe Biden’s number and hitting call.
“Now, Mr. Watson-Trump, is there anything you have to say on the matter? You’ve been quite vocal about other minority groups in America, but have stayed rather quiet on this one,” asked Eren.
“Those cheers should’ve been for me!” exclaimed Sherlock, turning off the TV in anger.
The same green-haired boy from before burst into the courtroom again. “Shouchannnnn~~~~~~~~~ Are you finished with your case yet? Boku wa very hungry desu!”
“I’m not allowed to do that dear,” said the man. Sensing John’s disappointment, he added, “but I’ll make sure you don’t need that to get excited tonight…” and doubled his pace of trusting.
I slowly backed away from the man whose head was stuck in one position. I got into my car and began to drive to the place on the card.
“Okay,” said John, who knew Sherlock was being reasonable but still felt a pang of regret in his heart and scrotum. “I’ll go set up the fundraiser,” and he went off to his computer, typing one letter at a time since John only typed with two fingers.
None of them had noticed it was in a tape recorder.
But John had another genius plan--for real, this time. He was already on the phone with his old friend, George W. Bush.
“Someone’s getting excited,” said Sherlock. “Why don’t we take this to the bedroom?”
“You came three times without me!?” exclaimed Sherlock.
In response, John grabbed Sherlock’s schlong and kissed him long and hard. Sherlock laughed. “You’re a feisty one! Let me return the favor, my dear boy,” he said as he palmed John’s jeans.
All of a sudden the door to the club opened, indicating another patron. “Sorry boy, your time is over. Gotta entertain another one now,” said the man with an audible wink. He glanced over to the stranger. “Welcome! Can I help you today?”
He stroked himself once, then twice, and started thinking about John.
A twitch hit Sherlock and manifested straight in his cock. “Yeah Daddy,” he throbbed, unzipping his pants as well.
“The evidence is obvious,” said Mycroft. “Based on a series of elementary deductions, it is clear that…” but Sherlock was no longer listening.
“What?”
Molly Hooper-O’Malley signed her last fan autograph, and placed it in a growing pile of at least three letters. She was a newcomer, pretty late in the game, but she was confident in her environmental platform. Molly was not going to throw away her shot. She was going to her best out there.
“Whatever dude, whatever,” Sherlock said.
John looked more hurt than Sherlock’s butthole would ever feel. “Oh...I guess...I wasn’t thinking of that.” He paused. “What...what do you think you can take?”
The stranger froze in his tracks. “What on earth!?!? John!?!?!!!?!!?!??!?!?!!?!?!” he exclaimed.
After carefully choosing his words, John hit publish. Then he waited. Then he waited some more.
“Dear brother, that sense of perception of yours has only been weakened with your association with Mr. Watson-Trump. It is you who shall be paying Mr. Clinton,” said Mycroft smugly.
Though they had only attended the funeral after getting a few bribes from Mycroft, Shouto and Izuku stood up as well. “We might not have been close with him, but we can say that we really did…
“I’m sure the media would love that, too. And Corey’s working so hard to cover up all your blunders today,” whispered Sherlock, like a cat who had just gotten the cream. He took his long fingers and ran them through John’s crusty hair. “We really should do something about this, shouldn’t we, hmm?” he practically purred into John’s ear.
This only caused John to sweat more: he
“Oh my god baby! I’m so sorry--I can explain everything, but I’m still riding this delicious orgas--” and John couldn’t finish his sentence, because all his capabilities of speech were overtaken with a third wave orgasm so powerful it registered as a minor earthquake at the nearby seismology center. “NYYYYYAAAAAAAAAAAAA!” roared John, as four quarts of semen exploded from his groin, landing on the man’s rainbow leotard, and his micropenis followed suite, flying off his crotch towards Sherlock, bouncing off Sherlock’s cheek, and landing in the man’s cocktail. Of course, since it was so small, no one noticed.
Eren grabbed Levi’s hand and popped his long fingers into his mouth in celebration. Because he couldn’t speak, Levi said, “Thank you, Secretary Clinton. Any other Democratic candidates have anything to add?”
“Oh, right!” replied John. He had forgotten about the case in his excitement and newfound drug dealer wealth. “Well, I want to look my best, so I’m going to change into a suit and then we can take my jet.”
“Motherfucker!” I yelled. “God damn it George W. Bush! Fuck you and fuck your stoner ass!”
“Yeeep,” replied Bush. “Can’t smoke all of this by myself, even if I tried. Good luck with the operation boys,” he said, taking a drag from his smart vape which also let him play Pacman. “I was surprised you were using Gofundme at first, but I’m glad you’re doing an honest man’s work now and making your own for a new dick.”
“Now, show Daddy who’s a good boy,” whispered Sherlock, which caused another moan from John, “Weeeeewooooo.”
He finally did it. He grabbed John’s $5,000 underwear and ripped it in half.
It was finally time.
Sherlock took out an old VHS and stuck it into their TV. All three of them got together and started watching the movie.
I was elated. “Thanks man… but why do
But by the time Joe had finished his sentence, Sherlock and John had already left the building, ready to head back to the 221B(DSM) sex dungeon.
“Urghalululu,” groaned John as he was pushed into Sherlock’s affordable and eco friendly mattress.
John finished counting the last stack of $100 bills. He and Sherlock were in Bush’s living room, surrounded by briefcases full of money they made by selling Bush’s marijuana. “I think that’s it! We really did it, Sherlock! I can’t believe we sold $2 trillion of weed to Google employees while they were at Burning Man! I’m so happy!”
“Ah Corey you’re brilliant! I’ll get to it right now!”
The Senior Watson-Trump had quite a high position, which John only moderately benefitted from in his army doctor days. He was going to repeat that success on stage.
“I need to get you hard, right? It looks like you’re about halfway there already, but… Oh no, you’re getting softer by the minute! John, I’m sorry. I was only focusing on my own pleasure rather than your thick schlong. Lemme give you a hand.”
Sherlock, walking in a way that smeared his nut all over the floor and thus out of sight from Joe and John, took a seat by his husband.
“Thank you, Eren. As I was saying, Mycroft
“Oh John, how you flatter me. I do not have children, nor am I married. But that last part can change if you want it to,” said Sherlock with an audible wink.
Sherlock and John got up and walked to Sherlock’s bedroom in his one-story house. John still couldn’t get over the fact that it was only one story tall.
issues.”
“So, what do you think? A nice, long 17 foot schlong just as requested.”
George W. Bush dragged them both into his garage. Before them stood 400 acres of marijuana plants!
“100,000 people RSVP’d on Facebook, Senator Sherlock Holmes-Sanders,” he said. “But my assistant Castiel says that even more turned up inside!”
The man smiled, and looked down at John’s pleasure area. “Wait… where is your dick?” he asked, genuinely confused.
“But you got me so nasty and horny,” said John.
The man expertly removed himself before it could get on him. “I’ve never seen someone cum so much before,” he said, self-congratulatingly.
“The game is on!” said Sherlock with much aplomb.
“Woah, did you have a milk carton down there?” mused Sherlock, who sounded genuinely curious.
“While his life may not have been as long as, ah,
On my canvas were the bodies of 27 men, all with tiny, tiny micropenises. Some of them were so small, they were literally just dots. In addition, all the men had Sherlock’s face.
“John, get it in already. I’m getting bored.”
“I think I lost my dick.”
“That wasn’t my first time doing that operation, you know… In fact… I’ve done it on myself as well.”
“John, you forgot to make this donation anonymous. ‘Dear John, I wish the best for a speedy procedure and a massive cock that I know you deserve. $1 million, from John Watson-Trump.’ Also, you know that Gofundme takes a 2.9% cut of every donation as part of their service fee?”
Mycroft Holmes-Clinton and “Ted” Cruz...so he won by default, inspiring a re-evaluation of the US’s two party system.
Sherlock thought John was going to be pissed, or worried, or throw a tantrum, but he was none of those. John was elated. “That’s almost how much I need to raise for a new dick!! If we win the lawsuit, that takes care of our problems!”
“Um, I think that it’s great that gay marriage is allowed now,” started O’Malley, “but what about the other oppressions queer people—”
Sherlock looked up and glared. “Can’t you see I’m having a moment? Why don’t you go fuck off back to wherever you came from. I’m trying to mourn my husband, here.”
“Oh! Right! Um, uh, yes, your highness,” said John, slightly flustered. He had never done this before.
“Mmhm fmmms,” he said.
“Seems like Mr. Watson-Trump needs some time alone to sort out his issues,” said Eren, giggling.
“Ready on behalf of Mr. Clinton, your honor,” replied Mycroft, who was seated across the courtroom.
“I believe, your honor, that violation of rules results in an automatic loss for the guilty party,” said Mycroft. He had no idea (there was nothing about sex in the courtroom in his textbooks), but he said it confidently, and usually that worked.
John pulled out and started to cry. “You’re mean!” he screamed and ran out of Sherlock’s room. He ran outside of Sherlock’s house not even caring that he wasn’t wearing anything and his dong was visible to everyone.
“It’s so good to be here.” I look towards the front row and see three teenage girls wearing wigs. One has purple skin and long silky grey hair, one has green skin and green jumpsuit, and one is wearing ballet shoes with a stone taped to her forehead. “I see that there are some anime fans in the audience. I love anime! Watashi Holmes-Sanders desu,” I say.
Sherlock sighed. “Nevermind…”
Corey suddenly grabs the crusty comb and slaps me with it. “John you fucking idiot!” he yells. “You posted a picture of your crusty ass dick next to a ruler on Twitter! Delete it! Delete it!"
“You’re a fucking idiot, John. What the hell! You might as well drop out of the election now. I’m quitting,” Corey said.
“Fair enough.”
“What are you—” but before John could finish, Sherlock’s mouth crashed into his. Every bone in John’s body went limp, except for the one in between his legs. But then his brain caught up to his microscopic dick. “Wait, Sherlock!” he said, pushing Sherlock back. “I’m not… I’m not gay.”
“He chargers $1 trillion per inch,” said The Doctor with his eyes closed, as if he were afraid of John’s reaction. “It’s ludicrous, I know, but supply and demand. There’s a lot of demand, and he’s the best there is out there.”
“Gee pal, is your brain as big as your micropenis?” Sherlock countered. “Only an idiot would say the shit you’re blabbing about.”
Before Sherlock could cum again—he had gotten hard a second time thinking about Joe Biden—John’s weak, pathetic voice assaulted his ears, shriveling his penis instantly.
There was only one person who I knew I could trust, and that person was George W. Bush. I drove my 1957 Ferrari (which is the most expensive car in the world) to his house. When I got there, I found George W. Bush painting a dog in his backyard.
John groaned and felt an erection starting to come. He stared at his pants in disappointment, as the only evidence that one was there was a small, mosquito-bite looking bump on his crotch.
“AND YOU!” John yelled. “I’M SUING YOU! I’M SUING YOUR HOUSE! I’M SUING YOUR NORMIE WIFE! I’M SUING YOUR NORMIE KIDS!”
Excited to show off his genius plan, John hurried back to Sherlock. “Look, I donated $1 million, so the progress bar has more green on it!” he said, handing his laptop to Sherlock.
Sherlock stopped kissing him. “Sorry?”
“Johnny boy! What the hell were you thinking! It’s gonna take millions to get the media to shut up about this one!”
New Horizons for John Watson-Trump
“So we can really sell this?” asked John, hopeful.
“What the fuck!?” exclaimed John. “Are you staying here too? Haven’t you humiliated me enough for a day, Holmes-Sanders?”
“Oh my—I—I’m so sorry. I have no idea what happened there.”
The arena was vibrating with excitement, and I wasn’t even inside yet. I pulled up from my private Über—a non-pretentious black Honda Sedan, because I was a man of the people and the millennials—and stepped out to the grimy streets of Los Angeles. An alley cat meowed. A homeless woman tried to approach me for money. I got nervous so I turned my head towards my campaign manager, Dean Winchester-Weaver. “What are the numbers in there?” I asked.
Sherlock and John stood hand in hand at the entrance of 221B(DSM). “Um, Sherlock...I have a request,” said John shyly.
“Wait...what floor are you getting off at, you didn’t press anything!” said John.
“Hey there hottie,” he greeted while palming John's crotch.
“Mr. Watson-Trump, it is not your turn to speak. Please do not talk out of line,” said the judge. Turning to Bill’s lawyer, he asked, “So why does the persecution believe Mr. Watson-Trump is at fault?”
“Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! I love you baby,” said John.
“He’s Bill’s lawyer,” answered Sherlock. “John, you should answer the judge.”
the gays when it’s convenient.
Joe took a seat next to Sherlock. He didn’t quite understand or recall what Sherlock had just said, but he felt it was necessary to offer the man comfort after his husband’s passing. Besides, it certainly helped that Sherlock was exactly his type…
“Make love to me baby,” panted John, who was soaking wet. “I want you in my love hole.” He was so hard he felt like he was going to die.
John thought for a while. Previously, he’d never been able to breach even the first centimeter of Sherlock’s ass crack—he was only .5cm, after all. But now…
Sherlock scoffed. “Oh please, John. I know exactly what you search in the middle of the night. ‘Hot guys naked big cock?’ How about ‘Viagra coupons?’”
“Jesus Christ John, where the fuck is your penis?”
I feel violated.
My name is John Watson-Trump and I’m running for president. I’m a proud republican and billionaire. I’ve been diagnosed with erectile dysfunction for almost all my life. If people who supported me knew about my secret, my life would be ruined. That’s why I visit a doctor every single day. Today is the day I fly over to the site of my next debate, Portland Oregon. I get into my 2,000 meters long private jet and begin to comb my penis. I grab all two centimeters with my right thumb. I moan in relief as I ejaculated 12 pints of sperm. The plane landed and I got off of it with my campaign manager, Corey, following me. I was greeted by a massive crowd of my supporters, all of them wearing my John Watson-Trump For President shirt.
“Fuuuuck,” John panted, already feeling horny. The man’s skilled fingers wove their way into his Gucci jeans, making John groan both from anticipation and the fact that his poor 3,500 dollar jeans were being treated so poorly.
“Sherlock, what does this mean?” asked John, who thought the formal thank you of his patronage was unnecessary but was touched by the gesture.
But the shirts finally came off, and the belts were next. John suddenly felt the same nervousness he had felt in the beginning of the debate surge up his spine. If Sherlock knew the truth about his dick, he would never become president, but more importantly, he would never be able to get laid ever again. In that moment, John resolved that his pants would never come off.
“221B Baker Street,” Sherlock cried. “Please—please hurry.”
John and Sherlock returned to their mansion. Since marrying, Sherlock moved out of his $500,000 house into John’s three story penthouse with 16 rooms and 3 sex dungeons. John carefully unlaced and removed his Louis Vuitton shoes and stepped into his sherpa wool slippers as to not tarnish his hand scraped hardwood floors. “I’m so sorry about what happened baby,” said John, the second he was in appropriate homewear. “Let me make it up to you right now,” he said as he grabbed Sherlock’s crotch.
“I already knew that!” cried out John. “I’m here to get answers as to why!”
George W. Bush brought out some cookies. “Yeah bro. I agree. John, I think you took too much dank ass weed, yo.”
“Ugh...I’m not done...come back,” heaved John, as another wave of pleasure overtook his body and his micropenis began guzzling cum like a firehose putting out a burning blaze.
aspects of his life, he was truly an amazing friend, lover, and fellow American.”
On the other side of the stage, John released a breath he didn’t know he was holding.
I thought about it long and hard and sighed. “Ok, Sherlock. But if anything you do violates me, I’m getting my ass out of here.”
“Aww, don’t cry baby,” said Sherlock even though he was the reason John was crying. “Let’s watch your favorite movie to cheer you up.”
“Are you ready for the time of your life,” asked the man seductively. He hadn’t looked down at John’s exposed crotch yet.
John stared at the large strip club in front of him. He walked in and sat on a hard chair. A man in a rainbow leotard came over and sat on top of John.
This can’t be— John, please wake up, John, John, no, how could this happen…”
John found himself turned on too. “Oh, yeah, baby, you’re gonna take it so hard. We’re gonna spend so many hours in 221B(DSM), my favorite sex dungeon. Yeah baby! Yeah!!” he reached out and started shoving his tongue down Sherlock’s throat, pressing kisses down his neck. He unbuttoned Sherlock’s shirt with great enthusiasm and bit his nipples.
“You’re such a drama queen, Daddy,” giggled John. Sherlock’s mouth dropped, as if only to verify his point.
“And how long is it when erect?”
“Fellow Americans,” said Mycroft, President of the United States, double chin quivering with each vowel. “Thank you for your trust and support—but, to be fair, the competition wasn’t very tough.”
An eruption of cheering rings throughout the crowd. Life’s good.
“Holy smokes!” exclaimed The Doctor, staring at my micropenis. He took out a ruler and put it next to my dong. “2 centimeters… How many is it when erect?”
“Oh god, Daddy, I’ve waited
The man put his face in his palm. “This is disgusting,” he said to himself. “I don’t get paid enough for this. I need he drink,” he said, picking up his cocktail and downing all of it. In his giant gulp he didn’t even notice he had ingested John’s micropenis.
Sherlock laughed. “Unlike you, John, I have no reservations about performing this devious acts.” He stuck his tongue in John’s throat, as if to prove his point, which made taking off Sherlock’s clothes a very challenging task for John.
I rang the doorbell of a nice, maybe $500,000 house. I tried not to silently judge the plebeian middle class home of the therapist. I almost shat myself when I saw who opened the door. It was…………………. SHERLOCK!
John started crying. “I hate all of you.”
“Umm… Johnny Boy… I think you might have a problem.”
Mycroft gave a calm smile.
“Oh, let’s not bother, I don’t want to make us late. I’m sure they’ll be safe in Bush’s house,” answered John, and proceeded to head to the bathroom. The real reason he went to the bathroom was because he hadn’t nutted in almost a week. He felt like if he wasn’t going to cum soon, he was going to die. He got really horny thinking about the new foot long cock that would soon be his, that soon would be inside Sherlock’s sweet asshole. The thought of Sherlock stretched wide and full of 4 liters of his cum. Before, his micropenis was too small to properly breach Sherlock’s anal cavity when he topped, but that would no longer be the issue. God, he was so horny. He tweaked his nipples as he took off his sweat-drenched shirt before he replaced it with the $1,000 clean undershirt for his $10,000 suit. He was ready to win a monster cock.
by Panic! at the Disco and put it into a tape recorder.
“Oh, Mr. Watson-Trump... humiliation is
Sherlock looked down guilty. He’d already been using 221B(DSM) almost daily with Joe Biden.
“Well, I have good news and bad news,” said The Doctor after he had explored John’s groin for a while. “The good news is that your penis did not shrink from 0.5cm as was its size at the time of your last appointment. The bad news is that, indeed, it seems to have disappeared.”
“Hey, bitches, have you guys listened to this dank ass album?” asked George W. Bush. He held up a first edition CD of
“Well, thank you again for your services,” said John, who still didn’t have any pants, extending a hand to the man’s. He looked him in the face for the first time. “Oh, hi Bill. I didn’t know you worked here!” John said, turning his handshake into a fist bump.
“I know what you’re thinking,” said Sherlock, making John jump. “You’re looking very obviously in the direction of your rather oversized bed for just one person...but quite a comfy size for two…”
Sherlock and John sat in the office of the world’s best dick surgeon in the world—Joe Biden.
“Well, I was feeling really horny at work, because I kept on thinking about my secretary’s titties, and how great it would be to grab--”
“Hey guys chill,” said George W. Bush. “Get some weed and relax.” He threw some weed at them and gave them lighters. “Here, let me show you my bong collection. It’s what I do in my free time, besides painting dogs.”
Sherlock turned around and put his face near John’s crotch like he was about to give him a blowjob, but he was searching for the dick to suck instead. “This is bad, John. Normally nothing escapes my eyes, but your dick has managed to. Maybe we should go see your doctor.”
“I’m going to call security!” threatened John, as the elevator rumbled up.
John waited some more.
“Owie! What’d you do that for?” Sherlock asked, his dick rapidly deflating.
Mycroft left the room, leaving only a still-naked Sherlock Holmes and confused Joe Biden behind.
“We did it, John. We finally paid off all our debts. We can finally get that monster cock you’ve been waiting for.”
“We’re not an anime!” they shout. “We are the crystal gems, and we’re here to save the day.” They suddenly storm on stage holding picket signs. My security is useless in the face of their determination. The signs say
Sherlock Holmes-Sanders straightened his tie, staring into the mirror of his hotel room. He turned to the right, and turned to the left. Yeah, his good side was the right. Sherlock wasn’t nervous. Nothing made him nervous, except for anti-trust funds—but even then, he was very good at converting that nervous energy into anger. But he felt none of that right now. He was going to win with his wits.
“No. You’re going to take Daddy’s big cock. It’s time for a Gofundme,” said John with a flair of determination Sherlock had never seen before.
The man nodded in understanding and continued to mash his silky crotch into John’s. John had gotten soft when the man had pointed out his micropenis, but quickly became hard again in an instant. He could feel his pulse rise in his dick as his heartbeat matched the rhythm of the man’s thrusting.
One good thing came out of the whole mess: John, finally comfortable with his sexuality, had found true love. He cuddled closer to Sherlock, who was still raging that his old, fat brother had the mic.
“He is,” said Sherlock, grabbing John’s arm and shoving him into the operation chair. “Remember, Joe? John Watson-Trump is here for you to give him a 17 inch penis. We’ve already paid you the $17 trillion in advance.”
“Bye John,” said Bill, but he was too distracted counting the money. Just how much did this guy have, and did it come through tax evasion!?
“Dude,” said John, putting 12 boxes of Hot Pockets into the microwave. “Have you ever, like, thought about why Ryan Ross and Brendon Urie broke up?”
“A few minutes after they stepped out of the club, I noticed a strange tingling in my crotch which I went to check on. That’s when I saw it,” said Bill.
“It’s that thing right there.” John pointed to the mosquito-bite bump.
, thought Sherlock.
I look in horror at my latest tweet. It read:
“Well, I’m going to lunch,” muttered the judge. “The court is dismissed. Mr. Watson-Trump, please be sure to pay the plaintiff the $10 trillion as requested after your husband is done fisting you.”
“Keep putting them in? What the fuck do you mean, Sherlock; this is only the first one I’ve put in.” John continued to put more Hot Pockets into the microwave.
ly a tough deduction.”
, thought Sherlock. Clinton was infamous for switching positions whenever it was to his advantage, and Sherlock was thankful for that point of criticism. “Well, Levi, thanks for the question. Clearly, the Supreme Court made the only correct decision when they allowed for nationwide gay marriage: or, as I like to call it, marriage. It’s clear from you and your husband that homosexuals can contribute to all marks of society, regardless of their sexual orientation. Love wins.”
“Thanks!” replied John as he handed Bill a suitcase full of $100s. “Bye Bill!” John left with Sherlock.
Sherlock just gave him a look. “
shouted the pixelated Sherlock, over and over again to the naked pixelated John, but also to the real John, who was watching the retweets slowly creep into the 3 millions. The video zoomed into John’s penis, and John thought that Twitter might have censored it, but it wasn’t visible anyway.
Sherlock smiled. “And the whole wide world will be not be surprised that John Watson-Trump is on a lifetime supply of Viagra.” He followed John into the penthouse.
“Don’t cry, John,” said Bill. “We can work something out, I’m sure.”
“Yeah, I’m trying to keep a low profile,” replied Bill Clinton. “Well, hope you and your husband sort it out at home,” he said amicably.
The Doctor reached for some equipment John had never seen before. “It’s a microscope lens for work at the cellular level,” explained Sherlock. The Doctor held it up to John’s crotch and scanned around.
“Quite. I particularly appreciate the effort made in ensuring my tranquillity; those quarters are wonderfully isolated, I dare say I’ve rarely slept as peacefully at home as I have those last few nights.”
“If I am to tell why I loved him, I feel it could only be expressed by answering “Because it was him, because it was me.” The…friendship between Montaigne and La Boétie is said by many to have been legendary.” Sherlock looked right at him then and John had to turn away from the piercing gaze; when he finally found it in himself to look back at the Prince, Sherlock had turned his attention back to the large opus in his hands and started reading aloud once more.
“You think he’d stay anyway? Certainly you fulfill his need for adventure – but what about the need for official recognition his childhood in a poor noble family has left him with? You may not care a whit about your reputation, Sherlock, but what would he expect people to think if he remained at the castle – at your service and paid by you – without any official role? People might talk.”
“Billy. A-There’s a…John. Poison. Physician.” The Prince choked out. Billy did not waste time with questions – he dropped the laundry he still held, turned heels and ran. Another few seconds and the corridor was empty once more, except for a pile of dirtied sheets and the echo of a serving boy’s footsteps.
“The only thing I know is that her taster is fine and you’re the only two who had access to her plate! Logic has nothing to do with poisoning, and while I may believe you wouldn’t do such a thing, I’m afraid I can’t say the same of your brother! Rumours of his singularity have reached even the Kingdom of Bohemia, and his behaviour as we stayed there hasn’t caused me to trust him much – his conspicuous absence in much of the wedding preparations led me to think he begrudges our Kingdoms this ceremony, and I certainly wouldn’t be surprised to discover his resentment had finally made him abandon the little sanity he had!”
“They married Harriet far under her station, hoping the promise of a title would allow them to avoid the young bride making a scandal, and it did. The last I heard, Clara and my sister were living quite happily together.”
“Certainly. But see, Colonel Moran, I do believe those walks weren’t as innocent as they may seem. I understand that you have a bit of a reputation as a Physician yourself, explaining the bundle of herbs we’ll find if we search your quarters, as I’ve sent Billy to do a little while ago – ah, there he is. Good work, Billy; please hand me this small brown leather bag.”
“Her confident, maid and tester, yes Sire.” She was defensive now.
The three of them would mock-fight one another for the first round; if one of them lost his two fights, he was eliminated. The second round would involve a fight against one of the knights. The man explaining this to them was very clear; one position was open, but it didn’t have to be filled today. Even the best among the three of them wouldn't necessarily become a knight.
“I certainly should, if Knight Watson was in any real danger. As it is, all his symptoms are benign enough, the quantity of poison he must have swallowed was truly minimal. I sincerely believe he wouldn’t have died even if he hadn’t been found out in time; his body would have managed to get rid of it on his own, although he’d have been weak for a few days. As it is, he should wake soon enough – make sure the person who’ll take care of him knows he’s to be kept hydrated and away from any other potentially dangerous drinks.” From the look on her face she wouldn’t have been surprised to hear John had come to be into such a state because he had set his mug too close to the Prince’s most recent experimentation.
“The amethy flower – taken alone and in small quantities, the roots are a common excitant. Lady Sarah, did you and the Princess have any trouble sleeping in the past two weeks?” She barely waited for the Lady’s nod before she whirled back to look at the Princess. “And its interaction with the Ellebora leaf – oh, we don’t have much time!”
Suddenly soft brown hands were working alongside his; Sherlock’s eyes snapped up to see that the royal physician was carefully turning John over, making him ingest a mixture he didn’t recognize. It managed what the Prince hadn’t and made the knight vomit violently, and the sight made him sigh in partial relief. Surely John would be fine. They couldn’t have been too late. It was unconceivable.
“John Watson, my lady. I hope-”
The following days were full of a tension John didn’t understand. He had at first feared that Sherlock hadn’t been sincere when assuring him that he didn’t consider the incident his fault, but he had soon come to realize that it was rather tied to Princess Adler’s impending arrival. He had asked the Prince whether he knew her personally, but while Sherlock’s answer of “Had a case concerning her once.” certainly made it seem like there was a story there, it also appeared to John that the problem went deeper.
“John was poisoned, earlier this day. Belladonna - not a mortal amount.”
“Perhaps no bond is as thick as the one existing between comrades in arms-” he couldn’t use his voice as a weapon like the Prince did, but he was still fairly sure that his irony came clearly across “-but surely the one between a Prince and his knight is thick enough to require trust.” And you didn’t deceive a person you trusted. This is what it all came down to, in the end; and John was determined to be steadfast on the subject. Nothing the Prince could say would make him reconsider; actually, if he even tried to bring up the matter of his high salary as a knight, John might well have to break the man’s nose, Prince or no Prince.
Silenced by the Prince’s imperious look, John took the arm that was offered to him, leaning first hesitantly and then more freely on the other man’s shoulder as they started walking. The trip back was long, the pain in his shoulder fairly excruciating and although John knew it was actually a good sign that he could still feel his arm at all, it didn’t look like such a good thing right then. He also couldn’t help but worry about what would happen next – although he had completed sword-training with both hands, his left was clearly the dominant one and he doubted he could be of any real use for a while now that he was hurt: Guilt’s cold fingers hadn’t released his heart yet and they pressed a bit harder at this thought. But in spite of everything, Sherlock’s body near him was a warm and reassuring anchor, he kept catching the worried inquiring glances the Prince surely thought were discreet and he simply couldn’t ignore the growing part of him that was quite certain it was all worth the wound.
He didn’t need to turn his head to know Sherlock had frozen for a second, the way he always did when John said something to surprise him. Astonishment was usually a good reaction to receive from the Prince, one he thrived on – it meant that for a short while he held the too-intelligent man’s total interest. He wondered, however, whether he had gone too far this time, and only realised he had been holding his breath when the Prince’s answer caused him to exhale in relief.
His tone was non-committal enough but Mycroft picked on his anger, just as he had known he would.
John stayed rigidly immobile, convinced that the world would obediently right itself once again if only he didn’t move a muscle for the next five minutes.
“Certainly, brother of mine.”
The Prince had indeed a tendency to disappear without a word, not only in daytime, but also at night – being a light sleeper, John often woke up to the sound of the door being shut as Sherlock left his room or again when he came back. He had first thought that the Prince was going off to see one of his lovers – perhaps Molly, the kitchen girl who had seemed so enamoured with him? But the Prince’s attire didn’t seem to corroborate this theory; he always left fully armed and when he came back his first action was often to meticulously clean and sharpen his blade, no matter the hour.
“Fuuuccckkkk….” John groaned and pushed his head against the bedding. “
“No forfeiting allowed, husband.” Sherlock purred as he attempted to make his legs move. “Now if you’ll excuse me I really must wash this conditioner out of my hair. Someone distracted me last time.”
Sherlock scoffed, “Two years John? Seriously? You know me so little that you would think it would take me two years to get something as simple as a Bachelor's degree.”
Three hours later, shortly after nine o’clock, John and Sherlock were signing in for their first appointment of the day. This was with Doctor Layton Thompson, John’s former professor. Before following up with a regular physician, John needed to know exactly how much damage had been done (or not done) to Sherlock’s head.
Bold - John
“Right. Uh….” John did the best he could to think through the lap full of Sherlock, blinking a few times as he willed himself to finish speaking his mind. “Nothing’s going to happen… that you don’t want. But I’m no mind reader, so you need to tell me if you’re not ready for something, or if you don’t like it. Okay?”
“Sherlock….” John whispered as his eyes roved down Sherlock’s arm. “In rehab… was it my fault you overdosed.”
“This is for Mycroft’s sake, isn’t it?” John grinned and rolled his eyes at the mischievous grin on Sherlock’s face.
“Why, when torturing you is bound to be
Angry Captain Watson is Angry!
“Husband?!” The expression on Mike’s face was…memorable, to say the least.
Your excitement caused the biggest grin I've had since coming to this hell hole to capture my face until it hurt. I wish I were there, with you in person, listening to you describe the habits of bees. I don’t doubt that you’d be able to tell me how those habits vary from species to species. I know little about bees or gardens, but I love how excited it makes you. Why don't you talk to Mike, perhaps you can start a small garden in the courtyard? From the pictures online (yes, I googled it) the courtyard looks quite lovely, but lacking in colour.
“Because that’s why. Now come help me sort this out.” John rolled his eyes and began spreading the contents of the folder out on the table. He made three neat stacks. One of pictures, another of reports by Moran and the third contained reports from Rhodes.”
“Mmmm..” Sherlock hummed and waved his hand in a rather vague direction that could have been the kitchen, or the bathroom, “wash. Yes… good idea.”
