John could hear the warning in his lovers voice, but Aridne either didn't or ignored it, from the widening grin on her features John would have put money on the second option
He could almost heard Sherlock's teeth gritting together as the young girl giggled and gazed at where her boyfriend was pointing
"I love your eyes, and your jumpers, and the way I can never understand you" Sherlock whisper, his voice wavering. These were things he'd never spoken, never planned on saying.
He'd have already followed his lover, but John had made him promise not to, telling him he was preparing something for Christmas. He wasn't lying, exactly, but Sherlock knew when John wasn't being completely honest either.
John moving in had made the self proclaimed sociopath realise that half of his problem with eating was that he couldn't cook. Sausages were not supposed to be black, and the beans on toast were supposed to be hot, and not mush.
"Sherlock, if you have a case it has to wait for three days, I'm on holiday, I'm going home, to my wife, and there is nothing you can say that's going to stop me-"
They began moving round the room after a few false starts, but eventually they joined the crowds of people in a smooth waltz.
“Those are not for you,” she said sternly. “You can have that one, as you’ve handled it, but I want you to help me with the washing up as payment.”
Spring had given way to Summer. All the trees were in full leaf, and flowers bloomed everywhere. Our garden was a riot of colour.
A slight breeze had picked up by the time we were making our way back to our cottage. I could see it in the distance, nestled alone in the landscape. My thoughts began to turn to the bench in our garden, amongst the flowers.
I took hold of my straining prick and worked it in time with his thrusts. My orgasm was almost in reach. I could feel myself trembling, ready to feel that heady bliss. Unerringly, he moved a hand to pinch one of my nipples. I plunged headlong into my climax, my seed spilling over my stomach as I moaned my beloved’s name. After several more hard thrusts, he followed me over the edge, spending into me, then collapsing to the bed beside me.
“You should have listened instead of worrying,” I responded. “Anyway, I want to know how you tracked the gang down.”
I could see that he was still concerned but allowed for my superior medical knowledge. He gently helped me to my feet and led me towards the door. I tried to ignore the way that his tenderness made my heart flutter.
When he released my mouth, he brought a hand up to cup my cheek. “Go and lie on the bed,” he murmured. “I want you to watch me.”
He held up a vest constructed of bandage and white cotton. “I made this when I was 14, John,” he explained. “I wanted to bind my chest more securely and safely.”
When he struck up a particularly lively air, she hopped down from the settee and held out a hand to me. “Will you dance with me, Papa?” she asked.
When he had finished, we rearranged ourselves so that I might do as much for him. I enjoy taking care of him whenever I am able, so I took my time, wanting him to feel as loved as I did. By the time I had finished, we could hear the sounds of Mrs Hudson bustling about below, preparing dinner.
When we sat down for a late tea of cold cuts, we were both tired and happy. He smiled at me over his teacup and raised it in a silent toast. I raised mine too and clinked them together.
Leaving my chair, I went to him. I took his hands in mine and drew him to his feet. “My dear Holmes,” I murmured, “I never dreamed that you felt that way. I have loved you for such a long time.”
We breakfasted on porridge, our eyes continually drawn to the beautiful scene outside while we ate. After we had finished, we both changed into warm clothes and stepped outside. The world seemed muffled, as though everything was reposing under the new white blanket. He led the way to the meadow where his hives were set. The snow was lying in drifts around them, almost obscuring them in places. We set to with shovels, digging them out. We were soon warm, our puffs of breath misting in the cold air. When all the hives were dug out, Holmes stood back to survey our handiwork.
He was waiting at the door of the cottage when my cart drew up. He greeted me warmly, shaking me by the hand.
He lowered his head to kiss and nibble my neck, working his way up to my ear. “I shall strike you,” he purred. “I want you to remember how to behave.”
After some while longer, I felt his hand steal into mine on my lap. As he squeezed my fingers, I could feel the emotions the music was stirring in him. Quite remarkably, I found myself appreciating the music anew. I squeezed his hand back, feeling that perhaps the concert may not have been a total waste of time.
One afternoon, I was preparing a pot of tea when a knock sounded at our door. I opened the door to reveal the Thompson children clustered outside, carrying between them several baskets laden with jars of jam.
We did so, abandoning everything in a heap in the sitting room. While he went to make the tea, I took the time to admire my surroundings. It was a cosy room, with a wood burning stove and plush furniture. He had decorated for the festive season. A small tree stood in the corner, festooned with ornaments I recognised from our old home.
Holmes gently brushed a foot against one of mine. I saw that he was looking at me with a soft smile. I smiled back.
I went to bed that night with my mind full of ideas. I was thankful that I had plenty of time to do my research and planning before I needed to start planting. I wanted the garden to be both beautiful and useful. Over the next few weeks, I spent a lot of time researching. There were lots of flowers that would be good for both Holmes’s bees and the wild bumblebees. I also wanted to try my hand at growing vegetables. With that and Holmes’s increasing confidence and skill in the kitchen, we would be less reliant on the shops in Fulworth.
I smiled. “A very kind thought, Holmes. Thank you. I’ve often thought of taking up gardening when I retired, and we are very well-situated here.”
She looked up at me and smiled. “Welcome, Dr Watson. I’ll show you how to check books out, then you can be on the desk with me.”
The food was excellent, and we sat together for some time after we had eaten, talking more. It was late before we at last climbed the stairs to go to bed.
“Johnny Town-Mouse was born in a cupboard. Timmy Willie was born in a garden. Timmy Willie was a little country mouse who went to town by mistake in a hamper …"
He moved my hand to his groin, and I felt the evidence of his arousal. I unfastened his flies and freed his prick. He carefully schooled his expression to betray nothing while I worked him with my hand. Beads of pre-ejaculate leaked from the head while I worked the shaft of his cock. I thumbed the slit, using the fluid to ease the way as I continued to pleasure him. He had the presence of mind to grab his handkerchief before, with a last swipe over the head of his prick, he climaxed with a little gasp. I was now becoming uncomfortable in my trousers and was glad when we turned into Baker Street. I paid the cabman, and we hurried inside.
“Quite so,” he agreed. “Well, I suppose I shall have to make some of those jam tarts you love so much.”
Turning to me as he removed an envelope sitting atop the other contents, he said, “This chest used to belong to me when I was a child. I used it to store things I wished to conceal from my father. I thought it had been lost.”
Holmes had decided to treat Lottie and me to an afternoon concert. We sat on the settee while he played exuberantly, exaggerating his movements to make her laugh. She swung her feet happily and dutifully applauded whenever he stopped. He gave flourishing bows after every piece, making her laugh even more.
With that, she bustled out of the room, leaving us to sort ourselves out. We cuddled together under a blanket and sipped our drinks.
Upon one day, when there wasn’t a cloud in the sky, they set off together for a small lake where they intended to go swimming. Once their privacy was secured by sufficient distance from the house, they held hands as they walked. Holmes felt a thrill even at that small contact. Victor was his first love, and he was utterly enraptured.
Holmes and I have changed much over the years we have spent together. When first we met, we were both young men. He was trying to make his way in the world, and I was trying to find a new way of going on. We helped each other, balancing out each other’s weaknesses and reinforcing our strengths. We both found what we had sought, and we were happy.
I wrapped an arm around Holmes’s waist and began to tell a story about pirates. She soon fell asleep. All was peaceful in our little family.
When the door was closed behind us, Holmes swept me into his arms. His eyes sparkled as he looked at me. He was gorgeous. We both leaned in at the same time and we kissed softly. Lingering longer, our kisses became more passionate, our hands roaming and tongues caressing. We were both breathless when we pulled away.
When we moved to Sussex, we adjusted to an altogether slower and gentler pace of life. We are now afforded much more time to appreciate the world and each other. Holmes has his bees; I have the garden. We take walks together, sometimes into the village and sometimes onto the Downs to explore. We go swimming in the sea, although he is tempted more often than I. Sometimes we simply sit together, our hands joined between us, each employed in reading something different. He laughs more often now, and it is joyous thing every time. I delight in teasing or tickling him, just to hear it.
I had made some friends through my volunteering, and I often paid calls on them in the village, or they came out to our cottage. Holmes and I both baked and cooked, so we were always well-fed. Martha, the housekeeper, came in twice a week to help with the cleaning.
Amongst Holmes’s hobbies is sea swimming. In mid spring, he announced that he was planning to start again.
The shade in the woods was very welcome. We strolled in the cool under the trees, watching butterflies flitting about and listening to the birds above our heads.
At that moment, Mrs Hudson entered with our dinner. I was very grateful for it, for I was starving. I ate well, and Holmes and I talked of other things. After the meal, I retired to my room.
They managed about half an hour of swimming before each began to feel the cold. They towelled each other off before reclining side-by-side on the blanket, the towels still wrapped around their waists. Holmes couldn’t help gazing at Victor in the sunshine. Victor’s skin seemed almost to glow golden.
I shifted my hips, whimpering and whining for him. His pupils were blown wide with lust, and it thrilled me to know that he was enjoying this as much as I.
, the latest book by Mrs Potter. At the allotted time, I sat down in front of a score of bright-eyed children.
He gave Holmes a quick peck on the lips and grinned before leaving. Holmes smiled to himself, shaking his head, then set about unpacking his things. It did not take long for him to empty his cases, then he opened the panel on the bed and lay down inside. He felt instantly encased, as though he had entered somewhere cut off from the rest of the house. There was a small window level with his head, and he gazed out of it, feeling peaceful.
After breakfast, I walked into the village. It was a cold, grey morning, threatening rain. I swung my umbrella as I walked, humming a little to myself. When I reached the library, I went in and presented myself to the lady at the desk.
He watched the detective in the golden light, his soft, grey hair tinged with the colour of the light. He smiled to himself, moving to switch on the gramophone and then to wrap his arms around his lover’s waist.
When he arrived back at university, it took Holmes rather longer to unpack his things back in his lodgings. He had so many regrets about how he had handled the case of Victor’s father. With a heavy sigh, he lay back on his bed and closed his eyes. Memories swam through his head of joyous nights spent there with Victor. He knew that memories would surface in so many places around the university. He heaved another deep sigh. This case of heartbreak would take a long time to mend.
He took another bite, smearing jam across the side of his mouth. We both laughed as he licked it away. His eyes sparkled, and I knew it was because we were together that he was so happy. I thought that, at that moment, he was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen.
“Our storyteller cannot come today,” she explained. “I wondered whether you would like to read to the children.”
“Perfect,” he affirmed. He ran the end of the riding crop tantalisingly along my spine. “I shall strike you five times and I want to hear all your pretty little noises.”
“There’s a rather formal-looking letter for you, doctor,” Mrs Hudson said, handing me a high quality, white envelope. “It could be related to your paper.”
I placed a hand on top of his. “It’s okay,” I reassured him. “You got there in time, and I am fine.”
On New Year’s Day, Holmes woke me at 8 o’ clock with a cup of tea. He placed mine on my bedside table, then sat in the chair by the window with his own.
Holmes could certainly not say he was thrilled to be at a police social event. Watson had persuaded him into it, pointing out that Hopkins would likely be there. Of course, the doctor had been correct, which Holmes was very grateful for. He and Hopkins had been exchanging glances over their glasses all evening, becoming rather less subtle as their companions became more inebriated.
Over time, we grew closer, and our intimacy changed from that of close friends to lovers. I was privileged to see that which he hid from the rest of the world. We shared all of our innermost feelings with each other, continuing to provide the same support which we always had. I had never loved or been loved like that before. Because he is unique, being in a relationship with him is like nothing else on earth. Through all the dangers and difficulties we faced, we were still happy because we had each other.
I do not know how long I remained there. I think that I must have fallen asleep for a time, but the time stretched out interminably. I was always watched by at least one man, so there was no possibility of escape.
I was fortunate, when enlisting for the Great War, to be placed in one of the large hospitals set up for the care of the injured men sent back from the front. I say fortunate, but the only good fortune in it was that I was not directly in the line of fire. I saw awful things, easily comparable to my experiences in Afghanistan. So many boys came back with their lives changed forever, whether by injuries or because of the horrors they had witnessed. Walking the wards at night, I heard the sobs and the screaming. I sat with some of them, listening to their stories and telling some of my own. I did what I would, but it never felt like enough.
I swallowed, his attentions causing my prick to harden rapidly. “Whatever you would like,” I breathed.
Holmes had his hand resting on the bench between us. I placed my hand on top of his, gently stroking the back with my thumb. He turned to me and smiled softly. He turned his hand over and twined his fingers with mine. While I was enjoying the warm pressure of his fingers, I wondered when it was that his smile had begun to mean home.
I could not be sure how long we travelled for, but it felt like a long time in the dark, every jolt of the carriage jarring my bruised frame. I could feel wet patches where blood had seeped into my clothes, no doubt from wounds sustained in my fall onto the cobbles. At last, the carriage stopped and I was hauled out. They frog-marched me along then, stopping, pulled the sack from my head.
The detective nodded, taking one of the bags. “I began work on my new monograph and completed the crossword. Would you like some tea?”
With that, he led me onwards toward a waiting cab. He made sure I was comfortable before we set off. All the way home, I was conscious of his eyes upon me. It was clear that he was still anxious as to the extent of my injuries.
I spent the next few days settling in and catching up on some much-needed sleep. There were preparations to be made for Christmas, taking me into the village. Everyone I met was welcoming and happy to know that Holmes was gaining some company. I found that I adjusted to living with him again remarkably quickly. His habits had mellowed somewhat, but he was fundamentally the same as he had always been.
“Welcome to our little establishment, Dr Watson,” said a man before whom I stood. This was evidently the boss I had heard being spoken of. He was a small man with a seedy moustache, wearing a suit that looked as though it had seen better days. “You needn’t look so worried,” he went on. “We are going to hold you here while we go about our business to make sure Mr Holmes doesn’t interfere. So long as he lets us alone, we won’t harm you.”
I felt him kiss my throat, just above the collar, and I tilted my head to give him better access. He smiled against my skin and nuzzled my jawline with his nose. Eventually, reluctantly, we had to move. He cleaned us both gently with a towel, then gathered me into his arms beneath the blankets.
After lunch, we retired to the sitting room. Holmes was in a jovial mood, and he took up his violin to play some carols. We sat in companionable silence for long stretches, each of us absorbed in some separate occupation.
Our first attempt at making jam was rather a mess. Our blackcurrant bush had yielded an excellent crop, so we decided to brave the venture. It was all going quite well until the time came for testing the jam. Holmes spooned some onto a chilled plate, waited, then pushed it.
“My dear Watson, it’s wonderful to have you here at last,” he said with a warm smile, extending his hand to me.
“Come here,” I said with an amused chuckle. I straightened the bowtie, which he had almost arranged perfectly. “There,” I said, “very smart.” I gave him a quick peck on the lips.
We continued to talk about our mornings as we made our way home. It was curious, but I almost felt I wanted to reach out and hold his hand.
When my shift had finished, I stepped outside to see Holmes coming along the road. He quickened his steps to catch up with me, then we bent our steps homeward.
Once we were in the seclusion of our cab home, he placed a hand on my thigh. I looked into his eyes and could see that he was questioning whether this was the game I wanted. I nodded, licking my lips slightly. He moved his hand to my groin, fondling me through my trousers.
I was just drifting off to sleep when Holmes entered my room. Wordlessly, he crossed to me and sat down in the chair beside the bed. Keeping my eyes closed, I listened to his breathing. It sounded as though he had begun to cry. He gently took my hand and rubbed circles into the back with his thumb.
This was certainly very flattering. However, I had to think about how far I was willing to discuss my methods. The patient, after all, had been Holmes, and some of my methods had been somewhat controversial.
In late January 1919, I saw my first snowfall in Sussex. It fell heavily during the night and the house was cold when I woke. I hurried downstairs to the kitchen, where I found Holmes stoking the Aga.
It was a few days before Christmas that I arrived at my new home. Holmes had clearly been waiting for me, because he came out as I pulled up.
I looked up at him wonderingly. “Do you really mean this?” I asked, my voice breathy with astonishment.
For Holmes, one of the best things about staying with Victor at Donnithorpe was the wide-open spaces of the estate. Each day’s activities provided opportunities for seclusion and the young lovers took full advantage. Indeed, Holmes believed there was almost no corner of the estate where they had not shared a kiss.
While I whipped up a batch of scones, Holmes went out to the meadow to check on his bees. Once the scones were in the own, I joined him.
We descended quickly and made our way through the centre of the village to the sea front. After removing our boots, we ventured onto the sand. We strolled slowly, enjoying the feeling of going barefoot after so long wearing heavy boots. To complete the experience, we had a little paddle in the sea before retreating back to a bench on the front. Leaving Holmes on the bench, I crossed to the ice cream shop. I purchased cones of strawberry ice cream for both of us, then re-joined my friend.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
He laid his book aside and reached out for my hand. “You know that you can tell me anything,” he said reassuringly. “What is it?”
Straightening up, I made my way back into the sitting room. Watson sat in his chair, reading a book. I licked my lips, finding them suddenly dry.
While I sat there and he hovered around me, we heard the train pull away. I could not miss the look of annoyance on his face.
The joy that spread across his face was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen. He leant down at the same time as I reached up, and our lips met in a soft kiss. He did not pull away after the initial kiss ended but nuzzled his nose against mine. We continued to sip gentle kisses, smiling against each other’s lips and wrapping our arms around each other.
The boss gave another of his unpleasant smiles. “You had best hope he doesn’t. Put our guest in the corner out of the way, boys.”
I returned his smile and shook his hand, our touch lingering perhaps longer than necessary. “I’m very glad to finally have found the time to come down.”
He nodded. “I should like to spend my final years by the sea, perhaps passing on Mr Holmes’s methods to a new generation.” He looked at me. “Would you like to join me?”
When I had finished reading, I looked up at Holmes. He was concentrating on dressing the wound on my thigh, but I could see his lips were drawn tight. I understood then just how worried he had been.
Sometimes, the capture of criminals requires a long wait. Such was the case on this particular occasion. Holmes and I were concealed in a ditch, keeping watch on the back of the property. It was not a comfortable spot, and my legs were squashed up horribly.
Holmes had been retired for several months before I was able to join him. It had been necessary for me to wind up my practice first and pass on my patients to a colleague. It was with a light hear that I finally made my way to Sussex with my belongings to join my darling.
I did so, wondering what he had in mind. He led me to the wall that joined the sitting room, pushing me back against it. He kissed me, his tongue exploring my mouth again as he frotted against me. Then he took hold of me and lifted me up. I wrapped my legs around his hips as he entered me at a single push, making me gasp. He thrust hard and fast, his bollocks slapping against my hole. I knew that I would feel it in the morning, and I relished the thought of the burning, knowing that I would remember him claiming me like this. It was glorious, a heady mix of pleasure and pain which I had almost forgotten.
The extra pain was enough to send me over the edge, and I came with a whine. It was the most intense orgasm he had ever given me, and as I surrendered to bliss, I felt him follow me to his climax. He spilled into me with a moan, mouthing blindly at my neck and digging his fingers into my hips where he held me. After panting for several moments, he carried me to the bed, and we tumbled down together. We lay in a mess of tangled limbs, his cock softening inside me. The warm and reassuring weight of him on top of me made me feel safe and loved.
He smiled. “I was proud of this too. Look.” He held up some white muslin, embroidered with his name thrice over. “I made this as an act of defiance against my governess. Mother was impressed and dismissed her shortly afterwards.” He laughed at the memory, his eyes sparkling.
He kissed the shell of my ear, then bit the lobe. I gasped and shifted on his lap, growing harder at the promise of his words. He released me then, and I got up and went to the bedroom. My hands now trembled for an entirely different reason as I stripped off.  I was hard and ready for him, already beginning to leak. I put the collar around my neck, enjoying the familiar feeling of the smooth leather and the coolness of the buckle. It was as I finished fastening it that I heard the door open behind me. I turned to see Watson, noticeably hard in his trousers, his face a picture of pure desire. He locked the door behind him, then pulled me to him and kissed me hard. His hands roamed my bare back, travelling down to squeeze my arse. The fingers of one slipped between my buttocks, teasing my hole and leaving goosebumps in their wake.
Leaving the tea preparation, the detective turned and wrapped his arms around his doctor. They swayed to the music, their feet tracing a pattern on the floor. Quietly, the detective began to sing, a song about love and peace and happiness.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
We continued our walk in much the same fashion. He tried to get the information out of me, and I refused to tell him. When at last we arrived on the seafront, I pointed out our point of investigation.
She grinned, delighted to be spoken to like a real lady, and gave a curtsey. “My pleasure, Dr Watson,” she replied.
When they first arrived at Donnithorpe, Holmes was informed he would be sleeping in the small guest bedroom with the box bed. Victor showed him to the room.
“Mine,” he growled before pushing himself up. He fumbled into our bedside drawers to retrieve our jar of oil. “I shall have you, my Holmes. I shall have you so you feel it tomorrow and remember who owns you.”
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The smile he gave me was soft and full of love. “We have both been fools, it seems,” he said with a laugh. “What should we do now?”
“God, how I want you,” he gasped. “Go and clean yourself and put on your collar. I shall join you soon.”
As soon as the door closed behind us, Watson grabbed my wrist and hustled me against the wall. He kissed me, hot and urgent, pressing against me. His free hand reached behind me to grope my arse. When we pulled away, we were both flushed and panting.
“Most enjoyable,” I replied. “I spoke to a lot of new people, and I was asked to read a story for some children.”
Mrs Hudson met us in the hallway, carrying a tray laden with cups and a coffee pot. “You both looked frozen walking up the street, so I’ve made you some cocoa,” she explained as she bustled us up the stairs.
He smiled softly when his lover came through the door, laden with shopping bags. “Your trip to the village was successful, my dear?”
“Yes, it’s very peaceful here,” he replied. “Now, let us move your belongings in so we can have a cup of tea.”
The first time that I ventured down to visit my Holmes in Sussex was a trip accompanied my much excitement. It had been several months since I had last seen him, both of us having been busy with our various concerns. He was there when I stepped off the train, and the urge to take him in my arms and kiss him was almost overwhelming.
“It’s over, Watson,” he murmured. “At 11 o’clock, an Armistice agreement will be signed. The war is over.”
When, at length, we broke apart, we each finished drying off and changed back into our clothes. Then we headed home for breakfast.
The next stumbling block came when the jam was actually ready. We arranged the jars and attempted to pour the jam in. Neither of us were very good at this, and we ended up with jam all over the outsides of the jars, puddling on the worktop. As we tried to clean up the mess amid giggles, we succeeded in also getting jam on ourselves. This led to more giggling and, as we tried to clean each other up, more kissing. We gave up on the cleaning, instead kissing each other breathless against the cupboards. When we had to break for air, we rested our foreheads together, fond smiles tugging at our lips.
I have never asked Holmes how it was that he knew of the Armistice before it was agreed. It was surely associated with his intelligence work for the government, but I have never cared to know the details. The important fact is that he was there at that joyful moment.
“Hmm, I don’t think it’s quite ready,” he pronounced. Then he scooped up the jam and thrust the spoon into his mouth.
“If you’re not a good person, John Watson, then I must be satan.” And this made both of them laugh. John stopped to take off his jumper and handed it to Sherlock. “But you’ll be cold.”
i aim to post TW at the beginning of all chapters that may have potentially triggering content. i will always specify whether it is
“Watson! What are you doing?” Someone shouted, which made John’s face sting. So, when the ball and positions were reset, John ensured to play harder and harder. His face wet with the rain, which was now falling more and more heavily the longer the training went on. Several times, John was tackled, once was playing the person – he had been tackled whilst not even holding the ball. John took it as an indicator that he needed to work harder. These were private school boys who’s lives were heavily formed on rugby. It was an elitism thing. John could have laughed. How ridiculous it seemed. Stupid upper class shits.
Sherlock seemed happy enough, a small smile resting on his lips. He was drumming his fingertips against his upper leg, watching the countryside pass by. John wanted to ask Sherlock why he was smiling, but decided to simply watch Sherlock contently.
"Literally a years-worth of clothes and my textbooks. " The school had sent him the books and he felt proud to call them his.
"What? Yes. Yes I'm fine. I’m just going out." He said, walking towards the door and leaving with no further explanation. John has opened his mouth to speak, but the door had clicked shut just as he did.
"Harry, can you give me a hand?" John asked, dropping the case back in the boot with a thump. He’d only been able to lift it a few inches before he needed to put it down. There was a pause, a rumble from inside, before Harry opened the door and stomped round to John
But at least he was here, at Bullimore Sixth, despite all the odds. The amount of hard work and endless hours of study had paid off. 100% of the fees paid, so all he had to worry about was his studies. I deserve to be here, he reminded himself, I deserve to be here more than some of the rich kids. With a small, self-congratulating smile, John stepped back from the frame, before opening his guide.
A moment, passed, the pitch emptying of people in kit. Sherlock looked at the boys next to him. A joke had passed between them and now they were looking to Sherlock with small smile on their mouth.
"Alright John." Greg said in a rough voice. It was clear he was feeling unwell, and the disheveled sight of the man-made John laugh. Greg was still wearing his pyjamas, as well as a pair of worn slippers that slapped dully against the wooden floor.
“I’m not alone,” Sherlock was quick to snap back.  “John is currently up at the bar ordering our food.”
Sunday found Sherlock in his mind palace for most of the day and John attempting to distract himself from his nerves. Niall’s selection of costumes was vast and all beautifully made, confirming John’s suspicion that he made most if not all of them himself. He didn’t know much about steampunk style, but a quick internet search and a browse of their available items helped him come up with a few ideas he thought might be decent. He left the bag of goods in the sitting room for Sherlock to choose what he’d like to use, but as far as John could tell, he’d ignored it. Mentally shrugging it off in the expectation that he’d get to it eventually, John took what he wanted from it and left the rest for Sherlock.
“He wouldn’t know you didn’t accept his request when he typed up the note. He makes those the day before, remember?” Before John could respond, Sherlock froze and pushed the tissue box aside, staring at the lower corner of the mirror.
“You should go tomorrow,” he stated without provocation, causing John to turn and confirm he wasn’t speaking to someone on his mobile.  His face remained fixed ahead of him, his hands folded in his lap.  John shot a glance at the two men seated across from them, wondering if he was speaking to them, but the man soon made it obvious that wasn’t the case.  “I’m talking to you, yes.  You’re obviously here alone since you only ordered enough food for one, indicating that you aren’t planning on spending the evening with anyone.  As soon as you sat down, you looked through your mobile with an uncertain expression.  That either means you haven’t received any messages recently and expected them or have been contacted by someone and are unsure about how to respond.  Given the fact that your eyes moved across the screen to read something, I must assume it is the latter.  Additionally, with the upcoming holiday, family members and friends who are seldom in contact have a greater probability of initiating interaction, which increases the chances that you have been invited to some sort of Christmas affair.  You haven’t seen this particular family member in quite some time, if the signs of service abroad are any indication, and given your general demeanor, I suspect you would soon regret not seeing them if you have the opportunity.  Therefore, whatever they have invited you to attend, you should go.”
Hopeful to get rid of the feeling of Doyle’s hands on him, Sherlock smiled gratefully up at John.  “Thank you, John.”
“Ready, darling?” John muttered as he pulled away from Sherlock’s neck to look at his face. Sherlock’s eyes fluttered open, his pupils blown dark as he stared up at John desperately. John swallowed thickly and lowered himself until he rested on his heels, copying Sherlock’s position. Reluctantly he released his grip on Sherlock’s waist to grab one of Sherlock’s hands, coaxing his fingers out of the iron grip it had on John’s shirt. With his other hand, he fumbled with the buckle on his chest holster, desperate to loosen his own shirt and take a proper deep breath. Once Sherlock realised what he was doing, he yanked his hand free from John’s hold to help, managing to unbutton all but the last two before his desire to see more overwhelmed him and he pulled the two sides apart to reveal most of John’s chest.
“You just need more confidence, then.”  Sherlock scowled at him and John shook his head, grinning.  “Seems perfectly reasonable to me.  Leave it to you to use science as a means of getting your magic to work.  How are you going to get over this mental block of yours, hmm?”
“Okay, I think you might be overthinking it.”  John moved around so that he stood in front of Sherlock, waiting for him to open his eyes and look at him before continuing.  “We know you’ve got the magic and you’ve gotten my wand to work with some effort before, but the thing with spells is…it’s hard to explain, but part of it is just letting it happen and trusting it’ll do what it’s supposed to do.  If you don’t have enough faith that your magic can handle it, that can psych you out and force you to try harder than you need to.  It interferes with the magic’s natural ability to just, you know.  Be magic.”
Sherlock shook his head and his hair brushed against John’s cheek.  “It was my fault.  I lost patience and took it out on you.  I shouldn’t have yelled, particularly not in front of Cecelia.”
“Yeah, kind of what I figured.  Glad you saw it our way.”  He glanced at James over Sherlock’s shoulder as he stood and started to move towards the door.  “Is he still downstairs?”
“Holy shit, she’s magic.”  John turned back to Sherlock, his face broken out in an enormous grin.  “Jesus, Sherlock – she’s showing signs of magic!  Cecelia’s got it too!”
When it got closer to early afternoon, they headed to a Nero around the corner.  John introduced Cecelia to blueberry muffins, crumbling them into smaller pieces and feeding them to her.  He sipped at his latte and twirled his mobile around, hoping for a text from Sherlock, but it remained silent.  He sighed and prepped a bottle for Cecelia to go with her treat, shoving his mobile out of sight.  As soon as he did, he felt it vibrate in his jacket pocket.  Choosing to ignore it for the time being, he shuffled the pram closer and passed over the bottle.
They watched the rest of the sorting in silence, their hands still linked behind Cecelia.  Once the last student scampered off to her new house, Filch removed the hat and McGonagall faced the hall at large.
John stared up at Sherlock, his eyes boring into the man’s while he replied.  “Exactly what I said – I loved her once, at least as far as I thought, but haven’t in quite a long time.  Honestly, it’s because of Cecelia that we were together at all.  That and…other things.”  John broke his stare to glance down at his feet.
“She’s lovely,” Dumbledore replied in a low voice, raising a wrinkled hand to wave out at her.  She cocked her head in curiosity in reply, mimicking the motion awkwardly.  Dumbledore chuckled and gave her an approving nod.  “An appropriate name for the lass.  I look forward to hopefully seeing her again, here and following in the footsteps of her father.”  His eyes shot between John and Sherlock almost too fast to be noticeable, but John caught the motion.  “And is Mr. Holmes…?”
“Sycamore, dragon heartstring, ten and three-quarters inches.  Springy without being too loose.  I’m almost certain about this one.”
John felt his hands begin to jerk in a stuttering resonance of memories best left behind, convincing him to return Cecelia to her cradle.  He clasped them into tight fists a few times, carefully evening out his breathing.  “What do we know?”
“It doesn’t matter – we need to get to the meeting spot before they do.”  Without warning, Sherlock darted into the darkness, slipping through the trees with unnatural ease.  John struggled to follow, his progress significantly less graceful, and muttered curses under his breath.  Figuring that whoever they were meeting would hear his elephantine scrambling regardless, he pulled out his phone and chose a torch app Mary had added, bringing an abrupt and enormous brightness into the otherwise eerie blankness.  Even with the light, however, he struggled to keep track of Sherlock, the man’s progress more feline than human in his ability to crawl through the trees almost silently.  John was forced to assume he had been through here before.
“Caught us and Cecelia at it, apparently.”  John laughed again and ran his hand up and down Sherlock’s back.  “I suppose we really are rubbish at the whole secrecy thing, particularly when we’re here at home.”
Mary’s blonde head popped suddenly over Mrs. Hudson’s far shoulder, shooting John a grin and a wave.  Rather than wait for Mrs. Hudson to move, she shifted and opened the kitchen door, swooping in directly behind Sherlock and Cecelia.  At the sight of her mother, Cecelia squealed and reached her stubby fingers out to her.  Sherlock reluctantly attempted to pass her over, but Mary swatted him away.  “Go on, Sherlock, you’re fine.  She sees me nearly twenty-four hours a day, I think I can afford to have her favourite not-quite uncle for a bit.”
Sherlock leaned in to hug and kiss her cheek back, the motion one John recognised he did with Mrs. Hudson when he couldn’t find a proper reply.  John wrapped his arm around Sherlock and they waved their farewells before John Apparated them away.
John’s expression softened and he massaged the back of Sherlock’s neck.  “That makes sense.  This is my first relationship as a single dad, although with you so dedicated to Cecelia, there’s not much difference between two person parenting and this.  If nothing else, it’s my first one with someone I can say I genuinely love.”  John noticed the pink shade of a blush creep up Sherlock’s neck and toward his cheeks.
“All right, no pissing off the man we came to talk to,” John interrupted as he finally stepped up beside Sherlock.  “Severus is as difficult as you are at the best of times, no need to make it worse.”
Mycroft nodded stiffly, bending around Sherlock to pick up his umbrella.  He shuffled toward the door, but paused at the threshold.  “I hope that someday you will understand.  I made a mistake, when I was young, and have spent the rest of my life trying to make up for it.  And regardless of whether you wish me to, I will continue to protect you until my final days.”
Reaching into an inner pocket of his Belstaff, Sherlock pulled out the rune decorated wand and set it on the table between them.  Violet and Stephen leaned in, eagerness radiating off of them, and Sherlock nodded for his mother to take it.  She did with tentative fingers, observing it closely as Sherlock explained.  “I’ve done some research on the runes themselves – they seem to be traditional Anglo-Saxon symbols.  According the runes text I picked up, the signs are perthro, algiz, dagaz, mannaz, teiwaz, eihwaz, and raidho.  Symbolic use of seven with magic, besides the fact that each of the meanings seem to be particularly apt for me.”
“What exactly do you mean by ‘the work’?” an older man beside Flitwick asked.  His eyes sparked with subdued eagerness that set Sherlock on edge.
John took Greg’s hand in both of his.  “We can’t choose our families, Greg.  What they’ve done isn’t your fault and you’ve more than made up for it.”
"Do not call him that," John snapped harshly, causing her to jump in the first genuine reaction they had seen from her yet. "Don't you dare make him sound like he was some all powerful master, like he was deserving of some great respect. Lord Voldemort was as evil a creature to have been born and he wasn't worthy to breathe, let alone live for as long as he did."
Sherlock waved a distracted hand at John and shoved the book from his lap to stand and pace.  “No matter.  An unfortunate thing that I couldn’t question them first, but I know well enough without it.  I need everything, absolutely
, language,” Sherlock agreed with narrowed eyes.  “Obviously we should have expected that if Mrs. Hudson was aware of our magic, others close to us might be as well.”
“We may not have her location, but we can take from what we know where she is not,” Sherlock replied with a confidence he wasn’t sure he truly felt.  “It was wise of Harry to bring us here, where we know she is least likely to attempt any trickery.”
“Cecelia’s getting Weasley knits – we’re officially part of the family now,” John commented, leaning his head back to look up at Sherlock.
“I’m not entirely sure what happened at dinner tonight, and it’s fine if you’d rather not discuss it right now, really, but are you okay?” John finally asked, keeping his voice low and comforting.  Sherlock kept his eyes closed, but he shifted his head until his nose nuzzled into John’s hair.
When John came downstairs in the morning, he found Sherlock passed out on the sofa with his mobile balanced on his chest. He couldn’t help the fond expression that settled on his face when he came up to his side to watch him sleep for a moment. His mouth hung just slightly open, his breathing deep and even and his eyes at rest without signs of disturbing dreams. Deciding to let him sleep, John slipped downstairs for a sandwich and a coffee at Speedy’s rather than disturb him by making something in the kitchen.
Somehow Sherlock managed to hail a cab, despite the fact that he wore nothing more than glorified pants and carried his shoes. Once they were on their way back to Baker Street, John silently passed over Sherlock’s clothes. He set most of them aside and simply wiggled into his coat, buttoning it up to hide his state of undress. John used the ride to organise his thoughts, allowing Sherlock a brief moment of silence that he clearly appreciated as he leaned his head against the window and closed his eyes.
You'll notice with each new chapter, I'll be adding tags that include what sorts of acts will be happening in the chapter that is posted. This is mostly so that I can keep track of them, but also can give y'all an idea of what's coming.
Without a word, Sherlock threw John’s arm around his shoulders, body slightly bent to accommodate their height difference.  John angled them in what he thought was the right direction from Harry’s last descriptions to him and they set off.  They were lucky they arrived at midday on a pleasant weekend in August, otherwise the street might have been crawling with wizards and Muggles alike.  The sudden appearance of two men, one slightly injured and the other carrying a baby, would have been likely to cause more than a few raised eyebrows.
“It’s rather convenient, actually,” John replied with a grin, pulling Sherlock further into the room.  “Who needs all those fancy store-bought contraptions, eh?  I wouldn’t suggest leaving her alone in that, though.  She’s damn smart and can get herself over those pillows in a few minutes if you stop paying attention for too long if she’s got the right dedication.”
"What if I did?" Sherlock asked, a slight smirk on his face. When all John did was blink up at him in reply, Sherlock reached into the breast pocket of his coat and pulled out a long, sleek wand.
By the time he changed into pyjamas and returned downstairs, Sherlock was in the bathroom with the shower running. The kettle Sherlock must have put on clicked just as John reached for the menu on the table. While Sherlock cleaned and dressed, John made them both tea and called in their order. He almost managed to pretend that it was just a normal evening, but every so often a flash of Sherlock’s neck bobbing as he swallowed or the phantom feelings of the fragile skin of his cock in John’s hand would bring John slamming back to the present. He sternly shook himself as he made his way out to sit in his chair, determined not to bring up any of the sexual aspects of the night unless Sherlock did.
Sherlock nodded and John went back to his nipple, biting down lightly on it to see Sherlock’s reaction. He let out a yelp that turned into a long moan and his hands came up to bury in John’s hair. John continued working on his nipple, humming in contentment when Sherlock massaged his scalp with his long fingers. He eventually moved on to the left one, giving it the same treatment. When he finally pushed himself back up to a sitting position, a pleasing flush had spread across Sherlock’s entire chest and he panted heavily, his eyes half closed in pleasure.
Sherlock nodded and gazed down at his drink, turning his hand around from where John held it down so their fingers could link properly.  “I hadn’t realised that you remembered the exact date.”
“Savour the baby stage while you can,” he remarked, making his way back to his seat across from them.  He leaned toward them over the tabletop, hands folded together and glancing at them over the top of his glasses.  “Once she’s fully mobile, it only gets worse.  The good news is that while she’s an only child, she’s the only one to get into mischief.  If she ever gets a sibling, it’ll get twice as mad – once James had Al chasing after him, he went from ridiculous to impossible.  Teddy’s looking after everyone tonight so we can all have a night off, but given the fact that he’s got an entire Weasley clan’s offspring, I don’t envy him. I may have given him permission to call Victorie at Hogwarts if things got out of hand.”
“That’s part of the point of it, I believe,” John chuckled as Sherlock began circling Teddy and studying him intently.  He sent Teddy a reassuring grin when he was sent a baffled and slightly alarmed glance.  “And you did say you wanted to know more.  What better chance have you got if not a source himself?”
your friend, so they’re all wrong.  If they don’t wanna be friends with you just ‘cause you’re different, then they wouldn’t be very good friends anyway, right?”  When all Sherlock could do in reply was cock his head at him, John patted his arm and pointed at Sherlock’s paper.  “C’mon, let’s finish our pictures.  We’ll show ‘em by having the best project on candy canes EVER!”
“Apparation is the quickest and easiest,” John replied.  “We’d just need to get down to Hogsmeade, away from the wards, and I’d have us there in a flash.”  He glanced down at Cecelia, her head cocked to the side in interest, and carefully pulled her from Sherlock to cradle her close to his chest.  “What about Cecy, though?  I’m not taking her with us, not with a risk of running into Mary.”
“Letters get lost and misplaced…I can’t imagine that a few letters from a jealous boy that weren’t even sent through the usual route would really have an effect on such an enormous decision.”
John rolled his eyes and cleaned them with a quick spell.  He tossed the wand back to the floor with a clatter and grabbed the duvet that had been pushed down to the end of the bed.  He brought it with him as he lowered himself back over Sherlock and tucked them both in.  “Well, good, because I’m not done with yours either.  Plenty of time and opportunity to test out your wand skills.”
“Well, thank you,” he replied as John sat.  His posture, while still military straight, seemed more comfortable than when they last met at John’s wedding and his expression had grown into a relaxed contentment John had never seen on him before.  The look suited him and made John grin wider.  “Perhaps now I’ll get to learn more about why we’ve been called into the city for the afternoon.”  He looked down at the floor and John followed his gaze, blinking down into enormous brown eyes in a black and tan face.  The medium-sized German shepherd cocked its head at John before turning to glance at Cecelia.  It looked up at James, waiting for him to notice, and without looking down his hand moved down to scratch its ears.
A sudden gust of snow tinged wind blew past them and they both shivered.  “Get that delightful arse inside so that I can properly show my appreciation for all of this.”  Sherlock smirked and began backing into the room, dragging John along with fingers hooked into his belt loops.
“Did I just make you weak in the knees?” John asked, his giggles breaking through the question.  Sherlock huffed and rolled his eyes.
He heard a soft ping and looked up.  Rather than eating her snack, Cecelia had taken to throwing the pieces as hard as she could toward the front of the car, some of them even making it into the front seat.  The noise that had pulled his attention away from Sherlock was one of them bouncing off the centre console.
While John began to undress, Sherlock collected more items that he set on the floor for John. He pulled on brown trousers with rips similar to the waistcoat and barely managed to squeeze into the tall boots decorated with matching gears running up the sides. Standing and rocking on his heels to test the boots, he looked up at Sherlock and held up the waistcoat.
Due to his job, most mornings John was up far earlier than Sherlock, leaving him unfortunately alone in their bed.  As it grew closer to Christmas, however, Sherlock began to find Osiria roses on his bedside table, waiting for him when he woke.  He tried not to get his hopes up for what it could mean, but he couldn’t help but wonder if they were a sign of an upcoming proposal.
“For God’s sake, I’m not entirely helpless, John, and this is as much of a concern for me as it is for you.  You’re not leaving without me; this is far too excellent an opportunity – “
So how about that ep lads?!  Ironically there's a line in this chapter that is basically said in tst, which is mad because I wrote this in November.  Anyway, there's another attempt at smut coming your way and fair warning, my awesome as always beta
“You are a disgusting, vile excuse for a human being,” Sherlock muttered into his ear, shoving him harder against the table.  “Approach me one more time and I will make sure you never see the light of day again.”
“Okay well Malcolm saw it. Anyway. God what was I saying?” He paused, swaying on his feet as this story needed a standing retelling. “Mr McGowan was by the beach when this massive seagull shat on him. Right on his head.” Under any other circumstance, this was not funny. But Mike had attempted to squat, fallen backwards and was now laying back on the wet grass.
She was the complete opposite to him. Loud and boyish with long curly hair and blue eyes. She adjusted her black t shirt, pulling it further down her stomach, before bending down to pickup the case.
“We haven’t seen you since you decided to become Sherlock’s friend.” Greg remarked, adding to the banter.
“He’s my room mate.” And the man nodded, spinning round John’s folder to face him, a large finger pointing to his ‘basic profile page’ which had been collated. John tried not to focus on the fact that there was an information page formed by some random man on him.
“Okay.” He replied, watching the sports house come close with every step. There was a sudden pit in his stomach, but he focused on the skyline to force it away. It of course, did not work. The rest of the walk down hill and, as Sherlock was taller than the other boys, he was forced to take smaller steps. It made him feel a little more out of place than normal  but Sherlock pushed that down, sentiment like that made him feel worse.
“It’s okay. You don’t need to apologise.” John smiled behind him, closed mouth and quick. When people are nice, it makes things worse.
“John! I almost didn’t recognise you.” Mike laughed as he shuffled round the table to let John move a chair beside them.
“What’s happened?” John asked as they walked through the corridor’s to the school’s sign out office. Harry was walking fast, her eyes down. She said nothing, nodding to the lady at the office door and pushing the door out of the building. From behind the gates, John could see a black car, what he assumed was a taxi.
He was standing by a building that looked simir to the school, except more cottage like. It was a seemingly small building and John noticed the wisteria climbing the mismatched bricks as he was guided inside.
The next page was filled about the information for scholarship students. After reading the page, a hard lump formed in John’s throat. It wasn’t information he didn’t already know, but seeing it formally, in writing made him feel worse. ‘Failure to maintain the grades you entered the school in will lead to the scholarship being revoked.’ For John, a revoked scholarship would mean that he’d have to leave the school. He didn’t have the money to pay £8,000 a term just for school. ‘Scholarships can also be revoked due to poor behaviour e.g. More than one detention per term, consistent underachievement and teacher referral.’ John had never got detentions at Raglesfield High, his old school, so he didn’t think that would be an issue. ‘As a school, we understand that students can have bad exams. However, if a students’ class work and exam results reflect a lack of care or intelligence, then the opportunity to carry on this programme will be removed.’
“Thank you, Sir.” He heard Sherlock reply. There was the sound of his feet against the wooden floor. John closed his eyes, pretending to not have listened. It made no difference, Sherlock would know John overheard regardless, so it seemed to not matter to him.
After he was finished, he sat back onto his bed, re-opening the guide that listed the timetable. Just as he began to lie back down, a key clicked in the lock, the door swinging open and a figure strode in. John sat up suddenly in surprise.
“He’s playing well, isn’t he.” Mike said, nodding towards the pitch. Greg said something about tactical play (Sherlock was sure the words Greg was using were not actually English) before Mike said something to him.
“Sure,” He opened the door wider for John, inviting him in. “Do you want a blanket or something?” Greg was sure John hadn’t slept and now wasn’t the time to ask why he hadn’t. He decided to just be as nonchalant as possible,  it wanting to make anything worse than it may be. He knew it concerned Sherlock; it often did now days.
“John, I ought to say.” Sherlock began, and John looked up at him. “When I walk out, or I do things. They’re not your fault. You don’t have responsibility over me. I’m sorry. You shouldn’t feel as if you do and I’m sorry for putting you in these positions..” John held Sherlock’s eyes. He saw them soften a little. There was a knot forming in John’s stomach. Sherlock knew something, or at least he figured something out about what had happened before.
John nodded as Sherlock gestured to their right, where there were fields and fields of green grass and yellow flowers. Sherlock was a proper rich boy, acres and all. "When I was little there was a big tree house in the woods that father built, but it's not there anymore. Mycroft and I used to play pirates in that house."
"No...no I'm not asking. No. I'm just saying it's fine. It's all fine." John swallowed the lump in his throat. His face felt flushed with embarrassment, but believed he had not been too obvious.
"No, you'll just see. Sherlock can be challenging sometimes." Greg replied, cutting into his beef. "He's smart too, so I think you'll get on well."
“I like it.” Sherlock responded, pressing the button on the traffic lights ahead of them. “Feels like a real place.”
“Well I’m having fun too.” Said Mike, who was seemingly on another planet and very much content with it.
“You did the driving.” Teased John. He hated these conversations. All he did was study. Harry hit his arm.
“Yes, please.” John responded and the man nodded, coating both chips boxes in both salt and vinegar. It only occurred to John that perhaps Sherlock did not want salt nor vinegar, but John suspected that that did not matter. It would be a struggle either way.
"Bach, organ sonata number 4." Sherlock said as he walked over, pouring himself some tea from the tray his mother set down.
“Thank you. Now we ask, why are they a comfort item? Knitting has connotations to the maternal side. But also soft objects are good anxiety preventors, one feels protected. I am yet to decide whether you wear them for some connection to a maternal force in your life, a grandmother or your own mother, or whether it is to easy your anxiety. I see you pull the sleeves over your hands sometimes when you’re uncomfortable, but also your lack of discussion of your family, particularly your mother, allows me to believe something may have happened. Forgive me, John, but you don’t appear to be your father’s son.” John shrugged. “So, I’m right. I’m sorry, whatever it was.”
“Come on, let’s get going.” And together they helped up a giggling Mike and made their way back across the field.
As John laced his boots, it occurred to him that all of the other people had been students at this school for years. They knew this teacher. He knew their strengths. He didn't know John's.
When they arrived at the station, John felt as though he’d stepped into a completely different universe. The classic South Eastern station design was familiar, and made John feel a little less distanced from his classmates. They all had to get on the same train, after all. However, John couldn’t help but over hear some of his peers complaints. ‘This station smells like piss.’ One had said as they walked down the stairs to the platform. Another had called it scummy. For John, it was a reminder of the vast separation between himself and his peers.
Doyle fell silent, panting and still holding Cecelia aloft.  Despite his attempts to remain calm, John felt his throat tightening in panic and fear.  He swallowed to no effect and nearly let out an uninhibited cry as Sherlock took a step forward to stand somewhat in front of him.
“I know you’re awake, Sherlock,” John said, his voice calm. Sherlock’s spine stiffened and he huffed out a sigh before reluctantly turning around. He sat with his back against the wall and his knees bent into his chest, his dressing gown wrapped around them. Staring down at his bare feet, he looked entirely different from the sensual Sherlock of earlier. John debated whether to stay on his side of the room or join Sherlock, but the sad expression on Sherlock’s face made the choice for him. When he climbed onto Sherlock’s bed and sat cross legged at his side, Sherlock turned wide eyes on John in silent question. John grinned back at him reassuringly and Sherlock lowered his eyes again, his cheeks turning faintly pink.
“They didn’t.” John’s breath caught in his throat and he swallowed, unconsciously holding Sherlock tighter. He didn’t press any further and Sherlock didn’t offer up any more information, but he didn’t try to move from their cosy position. John felt himself start to drift off and didn’t fight it, happily falling asleep with Sherlock cradled in his arms.
A slick, black matte similar in shade to his helmet, the only parts of the bike that were a different colour were the shiny spikes making up the rim of the front wheel and the chocolate leather seat.  The curving tank that sat before the seat proclaimed TRIUMPH in bold letters that guided the eyes toward the handlebars, which lay further apart than John would have expected to be comfortable.  A pair of small, circular rearview mirrors jutted out parallel to the handles.  Though the wheels were thin, they balanced out the overall sleekness of the machine.  A large portion of the bike’s interior was open for interested eyes to study, each piece polished to perfection.  The finishing mark of interest to draw fascinated attention came at the rear of the seat where a pair of rounded bars, one low and another higher to support a passenger’s back, brought the hind of the bike into an elegant point.
Settling into a comfortable position, Sherlock continued to lave at John’s neck as he rubbed his hand against John’s covered chest. Once he reached the top of his waistcoat, he ran his index finger along the edge, brushing just barely against John’s skin. His other hand wiggled between their bodies, attempting to unbutton the front. His wiggling rubbed their fronts together and they both groaned, getting briefly lost in the friction their bodies made against each other while clothed. Sherlock grumbled and abruptly sat up, swinging his leg around to properly straddle John rather than simply sprawl over him. He grasped both sides of John’s waistcoat and yanked, sending a spray of buttons everywhere as they broke apart.
“What’s your real name?” John asked, steady and straight to the point.  Greg toyed with the cuff of his shirt sleeve and stared straight ahead of him, studying the periodic table on the wall sightlessly.
“Do you have any idea…”  John paused to glide his fingers up to the edge, rubbing at Sherlock’s hidden tip with his pants until he could feel the moisture beneath.  “Just how tempting…”  He followed the curve of his tip down and ran his thumb and index finger just below his crown, enjoying Sherlock’s shaking inhale of breath.  “You look like this?”
John explained the crime scene from that afternoon in a clinical tone, attempting to cover his feelings over their discoveries with his straightforward analysis of the facts.  McGonagall listened without interruption, expression thoughtful.  Despite his best attempts otherwise, John felt his throat catch as he described the word etched into the victims’ foreheads, causing a concerned furrow to develop between Cecelia’s dusting of brown eyebrows.  She cooed up at him in worry, fingers grasping out at him in a bid for comfort.  John shot her a tentative grin and moved a hand to pass through her soft hair, bringing comfort to both and allowing him to continue.  The only sign he had that McGonagall was even listening came when he mentioned Sherlock following John into the Leaky Cauldron.
“Dr. Watson, I’m assuming?” he asked, his voice as deep as his laugh.  John blinked a few times before finally giving himself a small shake and holding out his hand.
“I have my bees, and my various other little occupations. You do not have anything yet,” he explained. “I think that you would enjoy looking after the garden.”
At that moment, he entered the bedroom. He was gloriously naked except for the jacket of his Army uniform, and he carried a riding crop. His eyes feasted on me hungrily, and I felt my prick jump.
I took a scone and split it open, then smeared it with strawberry jam. It was glorious. Holmes reacted similarly to the first bite of his own, a smile of pleasure spreading over his face.
“The new ice cream parlour,” I announced. “I’ve been wanting to sample their wares, and this seemed the best way to get you here.”
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
After exchanging a puzzled look, we descended the stairs. Sitting just inside the door was a large, substantial-looking chest. Attached to it was a label addressed to Holmes. We lugged it upstairs between us, then he removed the bindings surrounding it and opened it.
“How about a cup of tea in the garden, rather than going into the village?” Holmes said, voicing my thoughts.
He withdrew and I got dressed. Then I retrieved my bathing costume and a towel and, finally, went downstairs. Holmes was waiting for me in the kitchen. He had poured me a glass of milk and had evidently just finished his own.
He wrapped his arms around me and leaned down to bring our lips together. At a touch, I opened my lips for him, and he twined his tongue with mine. The taste of the jam mingled with the familiar taste that was indescribably him. When he pulled away, we smiled at each other.
He guided me to sit on his lap, then I opened the box. Inside lay a black leather collar. I could not bear to look at him as he took in the sight.
It was 10:55 am on 11th November 1918 that my dearest friend entered the duty surgeon’s office at the hospital where I was stationed.
With trembling fingers, I withdrew the box I sought from its hiding place in my wardrobe. It had long remained untouched, but the weight of it felt familiar in my hands. I took a breath to steady myself. This was important, I needed to get it right.
Victor clambered in on top of Holmes. They both giggled uproariously as they tried to find a comfortable position. They settled on their sides, the whole length of their bodies pushed together. Victor inclined his head and captured Holmes’s lips in a kiss. As Holmes kissed his love back with equal enthusiasm, he knew this would be a good holiday.
It was about halfway through the morning, and I had just made myself a cup of tea, when Mrs Morris approached me. She looked rather stressed.
I did so, grateful for the friction the bedsheets would give to my cock. I felt the bed dip as he settled himself between my thighs. He ran his fingers lightly over my buttocks, then I felt the soft caress of his lips. He kissed every inch of my abused skin, the gentleness like a soothing balm. Then he gently parted my buttocks and his tongue slipped between. I moaned as his tongue passed over my hole, pushing back against him ever so slightly. I felt him chuckle, then all thought seemed to leave me as his pointed tongue entered me. The feeling was heavenly, and I whimpered and squirmed to his evident satisfaction. I could happily spend the rest of my life being tongued by him, and he knew it.
I served in the hospital until the end of November 1918, seeing out the treatment of men sent home at the time of the armistice. I decided then that it was time for me to join Holmes in retirement. I called him and he said he would be delighted to have me join him. Thus, I sold my house as speedily as I was able and took myself to Sussex.
She giggled and assented to be lifted out. He wrapped her in a fluffy towel and dried her off. Then he put her chemise over her head and wrapped her dressing gown around her. They then joined me by the fire, and she sat on his lap, snuggling close to him.
Holmes blushed and looked away. He was by no means confident about his abilities in warming his lover.
He was gentle in his work, carefully soaping my body, then guiding me down into the water to wash it off. Then he washed my hair, the feeling of his fingers working the lather into my scalp making warmth tingle through me afresh.
I shivered as he removed the lid from the jar and slicked his fingers. He breached me with one, swiftly followed by a second. He stroked slowly, deliberately avoiding my prostate. I couldn’t help whimpering as he stretched me, and he smiled in satisfaction.
I waited for him to catch me up, then took his hand. “It’s a surprise, dearest,” I said. “I’m sure you’ll enjoy it.”
It was a Saturday morning in early March when I got my first taste of volunteering. There was a small library in Fulworth, carrying a selection of fiction and books for children. I would be helping out as I could, assisting patrons with finding things processing loans.
He pulled me in for a kiss then, hot and urgent. His tongue plundered my mouth, already claiming what had long been his. We were both breathless when he pulled away, and we breathed each other’s air for several moments. I could not miss the growing point of hardness beneath me, and I felt my own prick twitch in anticipation.
He wrapped an arm around me, encouraging me to lean against him. “You did the best you could,” he murmured soothingly. “I’m sure that seeing that you cared made a great difference. You mustn’t blame yourself.”
At last, I heard signs of a disturbance outside. Several uniformed officers burst in and there was a scuffle between them and the assembled gang of lackeys. My guard left to join his strength to the struggle, but at last all were subdued. Lestrade and Holmes entered as the men were being cuffed. While Lestrade secured the boss, Holmes came to me, dropping to his knees beside me.
He took my hand, brought it to his lips, and pressed a soft kiss to my knuckles. “I love you too,” he murmured.
He joined me on the bed and kissed me with eagerness, stroking me lazily as his tongue plundered my mouth. After several moments, he pulled away and looked down at me.
She left me to it, and I opened the letter. It had come from another doctor and was indeed related to a paper that I had recently had published in the British Medical Journal.
Yes, we have changed much. But at heart, we are still the same men, supporting and loving each other.
I had been telling Basil for months that he needed to take a long break. At last, he relented, consenting to a fortnight’s trip to Mousecliff on Sea.
As I had not much luggage, we made our way back to his cottage on foot. As soon as we were sufficiently far away from the village to be assured of privacy, he took my hand.
In the coming weeks, you will hear of a string of burglaries in certain wealthy neighbourhoods. It would be to your advantage to ignore these reports. We have your associate, Dr Watson. If we are left alone, he will not be harmed further. If you interfere, we will see whether we can send you a memento.
When he was satisfied that he had teased me enough, he drew away. I heard him fumble for our jar of oil. The lid clattered to the floor, and I heard him scoop some out. Then he breached me. He pushed in to the hilt all at once and I cried out in mingled pleasure and pain. After a moment, he began to move. His thrusts were fast and hard, and I knew I would feel it in the morning. The drag of his member against my prostate and the friction of my own prick against the bedclothes were driving me closer and closer to ecstasy. He pulled out, flipped me over, then thrust back in again. He was beautiful above me, love and lust mingling in his lovely eyes and his glorious body moving against mine.
She arranged the things upon the coffee table. “I certainly know a thing or two about warming people up after they’ve been in the snow. Now, sit yourselves by the fire and drink your cocoa. Dinner will be ready shortly.”
“Watson, are you alright?” he asked urgently as he worked to free my bound wrists. “I am so sorry it took me so long to get here.”
“That was the original fall,” I explained. “It is not bad. I can dress the wounds when we get home.”
He chuckled heartily. “You are quite right, my dear Watson. This requires a very thorough and extensive investigation.”
“You evidently do not know my friend if you think this will work,” said I, feigning rather more courage than I felt. “He will track you down and he will stop you.”
After one last kiss, I tucked my head under his chin and snuggled in. With his arms warm and secure around me, I soon drifted off to sleep.
He twitched a small smile. “It was from the note they sent me. Despite an attempt to disguise it, I recognised the handwriting. It was clear that time was of the essence, so I leaned on one of their known contacts and found out where their base was. Then I called on friend Lestrade, who supplied the additional muscle.”
He had succeeded in pulling away my bonds and was examining me carefully. “You have been bleeding, John,” he protested.
“Sherlock,” Victor said softly, taking his hands, “there’s no need to be embarrassed. You’re wonderful.”
I continued to accompany Holmes in his sea swimming, becoming more hardened to the temperature over time. As time went on, the garden grew more and more, becoming increasingly beautiful. Holmes and I spent a lot of time out of doors, carrying out our various occupations. We also ventured out for walks on the Downs, exploring our surroundings together. After these excursions, we would often go into Fulworth for a cup of tea before going home.
My heart fluttered during the ensuing pause. I continued to feign sleep, knowing that he needed to say these things, but that he would not be able to with an audience.
I stepped into the bath and lowered myself into the gloriously warm water. He slipped in behind me, his legs on either side of hips, and I relaxed back against him with a sigh. He wrapped his arms around my waist, his hands gently caressing my stomach. He kissed my cheek softly, then I turned my head to meet his lips with my own.
As we walked, I regarded him. The sun reflected in his eyes, as bright as they ever had been, although the fur around them was greying.
When the mice turned away to examine the wastepaper basket, he saw his opportunity. Creeping forward very carefully, he placed the bag by the leg of an armchair, then retreated once more to watch. The mice noticed the bag as soon as they had finished with the wastepaper basket. Their noses twitched and they squeaked nervously as they scampered up to it. The mouse in the suit looked into the bag and let out another squeak that sounded more excited. He drew out the notecard and appeared to read it to his companion. Then they took out the cheese and scampered away, evidently finished for the evening.
They walked in silence for a while. John imagined what it would be like to have all these riches. An entire woodland to play in, acres of fields and all the money in the world. His little flat on the east side of a tower block didn't compare. The closest thing to wildlife John experience were chavs on a Saturday night.
It still made him feel uneasy though, the gossip around Sherlock. Anderson was not the first person to mention his personality, and John felt he would not be the last. Still,, Sherlock had been mostly nice to John. He seemed eccentric, that was all. John couldn’t figure him out though.
“I see.” His teacher replied, quickly noting something on a piece of paper. “Could you give this to your history teacher?
“Already attached? As I said, Sherlock does not have friends, yet here you are. You.” He fumbled with the edge of the folder’s paper, looking past John’s shoulder and towards the window behind him, watching something move by. “So this is me, extending my hand to you, John Watson. Clearly, you are interesting enough for Sherlock Holmes to befriend you, dare I say trust you. Although he does not often do that. We are on the same team, you and I.” Again, John had to stop himself from laughing. It was almost purely done for dramatics.
It was now November, the pressure slowly mounting. However, John remained in good spirits. He was doing enough work to make him feel confident (other than in chemistry – but John didn’t think he would ever be confident when doing chemistry) and he was growing closer to Mike and Greg. Since the rugby match in October, they had become a trio, sometimes a quad when Sherlock arrived, and John felt as though he could call them friends. Every morning they would eat breakfast together and at the weekend they would go out to the local and get food and then walk back to the school together. They would never discuss anything particularly deep and never asked about Sherlock (which John was thankful for) but their presence was enough. Although it was a small routine that had formed, it made John feel as though he had his own life, a feeling he had never had before.
For some reason, the question floored him, as vivid memories from Brighton and the field and nights spent in their dorm room laughing together, inches away from each other’s face, the room warm with their breaths and something else. What is going on? Friendship? More than friendship? But the words from his upbringing seemed to scream no. A simple question, less than 10 words, and suddenly years of suppression or ignorance or both seemed to crash down on him. He swallowed firmly, rebuilding the wall in his mind until he could steady his voice enough.
“Jesus Sherlock, what’s wrong with you.” He looked to the paper in Sherlock’s hands, catching sight of the ‘D’ written just below the title. Sherlock had clearly seen John look towards the paper as, when John looked back up, he was glaring at him.
"Would you like some tea, mummy? Tea makes me feel happy." He had said. He remembered her smiling at him.
John was guided back to the car swiftly after, his thoughts cloudy and confused. He wasn’t sure which team this man meant, who this man was or if being on the same team was a good thing. It was hurried journey back to the school and John could hardly remember it at all. There was the underlying stab of fear bubbling restlessly at the back of his head.
They stood in silence for a moment, John's hand on Sherlock's shoulder, looking each other deep in the eye. Sherlock had his bow in his right hand his violin in his left, holding them both rigidly at his side, his glare intense, the atmosphere suddenly very different to what it was before. They held each others gaze, some un-nameable emotion, barely visible, passing over Sherlock’s face.
A moment, passed, the pitch emptying of people in kit. Sherlock looked at the boys next to him. A joke had passed between them and now they were looking to Sherlock with small smile on their mouth.
"That's your guide and your welcome pack. The large key is the key to the dorm house and the other a key to your room. Your dorm is in building two, on the second floor, room 1 B. Term starts tomorrow, 8:15, and students will begin to arrive from 5 o'clock tonight. If you have any problems, let me know.” John found himself nodding vigorously, taking the pack and fumbling with the pages as she looked back down, indicating that John ought to leave.
As they tail gaited the rest of the class, John wondered if Sherlock thought he was hitting on him. From his answer, it must have seemed as though he thought John was, which made John want to cry. It was pure curiosity, nothing more, and now John had ruined what could have been a potentially good friendship.
The classroom became busier as the time for class to start came closer. John watched his classmates clatter into seats. They seemed to be talking to each other in warm tones that John longed for in his friends. Instead, he had Sherlock who said barely anything at all and Mike, who he had spoken to once. The middle desks filled up first, before people took to the back rows. It wasn't a particularly large class, but the seats filled up quickly. John saw Mike and went to beckon him to his seat, but he sat with another boy, who had shaggy blonde hair. John realised that he had isolated himself from the others which meant that in any practical work, he would be forced into a group, and automatic outcast.
After breakfast was first period. It felt strange to be in a proper uniform. The starch pressed shirt restricted his movement, and he found himself rolling up his sleeves to write in the English lesson. They were beginning some classical poetry, a mixture of 19th and 20th century content, and so the lesson wasn’t too intense. Still, John ensure to look interested the entire time, eagerly writing in his exercise book and highlighting the poetry. The desks were in single, long rows that spanned the length of the classroom. The room itself was large too, the ceiling high with long windows the ran its perimeter. John liked the light. His old school had been made of grey concrete and the windows clouded with smog, so the bright feel of the dark oak floors and French windows made him feel rich.
Bullimore was a chance to escape. He could leave that house and live the life he wanted to live. John sighed, whatever that meant.
“I owe you nothing.” John shook his head in disbelief, opening his exam paper. There was a ‘B’ written in red in on the front of the paper.
By the time they had left to return to the hostel, Sherlock was quite a lot more sober than he had been by the pier. He needed less of John to hold him up and, although he continued to heave every now and then, John felt confident that he wasn’t going to throw up on the cobblestone. They were having mostly polite conversation, light and friendly. Sherlock chuckled often, which made John feel a little weak, and Sherlock seemed to have purposefully slowed his stride to match John’s.
The teacher was a short man who stood with his hands on his hips and his legs spread slightly too far apart. They were standing on the rugby pitch, which was at the base of the hill, shadowed by the woodland.
“It’s okay.” The boy said in a soft tone. John pulled on his pyjama shirt, the buttons fiddlier than before. He could feel a strange tension, as if Sherlock was going to speak again. But he ignored it and drew the curtain, moving his books from earlier off his bed.  Behind him, John could hear the occasional sigh and rustle of clothes.
Sherlock's room was the one closest to the window, which overlooked the lake and the Holmes’ land. There was a key for this room as well.
When the food arrived, they ate in silence. It wasn’t particularly good, but John was starving after the match. He hadn’t played in such a long time and this post-match hunger was very different to anything he felt before. His muscles already aching in an old yet familiar way. Sherlock, on the other hand, scraped food around on his plate. No one said anything about it, but Sherlock could feel their eyes on his face.
“Like repeition of clothing. Most people wear one particular style or item, regardless of the outfit. You always wear, or carry jumpers.”
Then, suddenly he began to cry. His entire chest heaving with pain as a tears slipped down his face. It all came back, his mother. Her own problems with self harm, self abuse. Anything she could get her hands on. Anything Anything Anything. It was odd. John knew Sherlock was a bad idea. John could not cope with such similarities. But he needed to be needed. He had to be needed. If not, what was he? He needed to protect Sherlock. Ensure the same thing didn’t happen to him. But could John help a boy so recluse, so in built in his own thoughts and pattens that it was seemingly impossible to know what was going on in his head.
"And Greg. They're all wankers. You're not though John. You're competent and nice and you put up with me. That means you're not a wanker."
“He’s not wrong though. He is the most powerful man I know.” He stared off into the distance for a moment before shaking his head. “He’s such a dickhead.” John laughed.
“You, Holmes.” He tried to pass it off as an equal joke and took a drink after speaking, his hands shaking from the cold and adrenaline.
“Why me?” Anderson dramatically asked. It was clear he hadn’t been invited and was just sat with them, he was trying too hard to fit in.
Sherlock Holmes was a good liar, John discovered. He watched his friend lean over the counter of an off license. He was resting his elbows on the counter, his chin balanced on one hand with the other gesturing in the air. The fluorescent tube light reflected white off his hair and John couldn't help but smile. He already felt drunk from anticipation and watching Sherlock flirt effortlessly with the woman behind the till made him giggle.
"No problem, John." John lent across the table to pull Sherlock's book closer to his own, but brushed Sherlock's arm as he did so. John jerked back quickly and looked up to see Sherlock looking up at him with a look of bewilderment on his face. John swallowed and laughed airily before bending down to begin writing. He felt Sherlock move slightly away from him and a rock settled in his stomach. Get your shit together, John.
John chose a spot by the circular window on the second floor. It looked across the grounds. With a sense of calm, John opened his study guide. It was thick and contained comparative analysis for his poems in English. It smelt like new ink. John only needed to read up to page 8 and make notes, but John wanted to get to page 20 to get a head start. It would lead to less pressure in the long run. After about 3 pages, John felt a presence in front of him. They had silently slipped into the chair opposite him. John looked up.
"You don't have to baby me John." Sherlock replied. John opened his mouth to speak, but decided against it. Now was not the time to cause another argument.
Even the door reeked of the upper class, its surface finely polished and carved with flowers and John couldn’t help but feel its ridges before pushing open the door.
Just as Sherlock finished, Mrs Holmes appeared. She placed the tray that she was carrying on the side table next to the sofa, before beckoning John over with her hand. John sat next to her and gave her his hands. As she gently wiped the mud out of them he winced, but he was more interested in Sherlock.
"Bloody hell John, they only give out 100% scholarships once in a blue moon. You must be smart." John cleared his throat.
"I just don't know what to do, Johnny." She said. She had always called John ‘Johnny’, she was the only one who did. He was glad of it, it made him feel all the more special and as though Johnny existed simply for her. John was sitting on the sticky carpet of their old flat, before the move. It had always been unkept, John seemed to remember the curtains always being drawn during the day not to attract attention, his mother had said. The TV flashing static. Her hands were skinny, the tendons showing through the flesh, and her eyes were set into her skull with large black rings under them. John had smiled, unsure what to say.
“Have you written anything down, Sherlock?” Sherlock shook his head. The atmosphere had reset, John’s embarrassment from earlier forgotten. “I haven’t either.”
“It’s okay.” They met eyes for a moment and smiled to each other, before John left and shut the door.
"I don't know why you're so bitter, Sherlock. Your brother is doing things with his life. You should be proud of him." Sherlock laughed.
Sherlock’s arms were red stained with what John knew was blood. There was a pile of rags next to him, tarnished with deep red patches, and what appeared to be a pencil sharpener blade in his right hand. It was clear Sherlock was finished and was now cleaning up. Quickly, he dropped the blade and tried to roll down his sleeve, acting as though John did not already have the image burnt into his skull. John was too drunk to form coherent sentences so instead sat on his own bed in dumbfounded silence.
“John, I’m going to be sick.” Sherlock exclaimed, half shoving John off his lap and pulling up his trousers as he left the room, his feet smacking against the corridor floor in a desperate attempt to reach the bathroom before the booze scented  vomit left his mouth and landed on the floor.
"Good." Sherlock replied quickly, turning back towards the window. It’s Sherlock Holmes, of course it was obvious, John cursed himself.
"Yes.” He stated. “And I got an assortment of alcohol, including prosecco, and some ready salted Pringles."
“Yeah.” John said flatly, reaching over to turn off the tap. It took mental strength to even move, his brain jittering in his skull. “Just feel a bit sick.” He heard James sigh.
"It was beautiful." John said. Sherlock shrugged, throwing himself on the other sofa. "Is it all from memory?" John asked.
“I don’t know what you’re hearing, Anderson, as I said. Sherlock and I are friends. Nothing more than friends.” He gestured with the teaspoon in his hand. “Also, I don’t see how or why this would matter to you.” Anderson shrugged.
“I don’t ask you to care about me, John. I don’t know why you do, I didn’t ask you to.” Sherlock glared at him.
So, they went to the off license near the pub and bought more booze, but it mattered little to John whether they drunk or not. Sherlock, of course, went to the counter. He was known round the village, he had lived there since he was born, so the owner of the off license simply laughed when Sherlock pretended to be 18, asked him what he would like and gave it to him at no charge. The boys were thoroughly impressed by this.
“What is he then? Your fuck buddy? Because you’re spending way too much time together not to be friends.” Anderson added. Silence. John sighed.
"Your trunk is empty so you've been here long enough to unpack, and the key was left in this lock" The boy threw the key to John, which he caught. "You've got holes in your socks and the shoes downstairs are scuffed and worn, clearly you can't buy new shoes. No one’s feet here are that small, and you’re the only new person I’ve seen. Thus, the shoes are yours." The boy threw himself on the bed, landing with his hands behind his head. The door swung shut.
“Sherlock was impressed by you.” Mike remarked with a smile, flicking his eyebrow towards Greg. John cleared his throat.
Now feeling threatened, John dared not to look at Sherlock in fear that he may have been shot on sight. Instead, he got out his thick text book and wrote his on the inside cover, as well as on the front of the exercise book he had been given. He felt Sherlock watching him write on his book, and the black haired boy followed suit. John found himself looking for almost too long, admiring his cursive handwriting and the length of his fingers.
"No, I don't think so. Neither is Mike." John smiled to himself again as Greg filled his glass at the fridge.
At the end of the lesson, John waited outside the door for Sherlock to finish speaking to their teacher. It was a long conversation, longer than John expected, so he leant against the wall, half listening, half not.
"It's nice to meet a friend of Sherlock's." John heard Sherlock mumble friend under his breath in a mocking tone. John shook it off. "Your hands don't look good." She said with a closed mouth smile, turning them over in her own.
“You need to work in pairs, so I expect the plan submissions by next Friday. They shouldn’t take too long. You have todays lesson and then the next one, as well as homework. Any problems, let me know.” Mr McGowan said from the front of the class room. There was the nodding of heads from the rest of the students as a low hum of conversation began. John slipped his text book from his bag, opening the page to the section on the security of the Tudor dynasty as Sherlock produced his history notebook.
"You may be seated." He said in a deep tone, similar to Sherlock's, and the boys did as they were told. "I am Mr Huchoo, but you will call me Sir. I am a new tutor to your year group, but I have been teaching A level Chemistry for 20 years. Any misbehaviour in this class will result in a detention, which leads to a negative mark on your school report. This report will be put on your university applications and will reflect you as a student. I want the best grades from you; and I will achieve this through any means necessary."
Tea cup in hand, he pushed open the dorm room door before almost having a heart attack. Sherlock saw John's startled face and smiled chaotically, his mouth closed and lips stretched upwards.
“Yes Sir.” John replied, taking the slip from Smitham’s hands. As he was turning to leave, he heard Smitham speak.
After the song had finished, Sherlock paused where he was stood, before turning to put the violin back. John watched his slender frame bend and straighten, his shirt lifting as he did. John could see the knobbles of his spine, which made him swallow anxiously. He pretended to not see anything.
“The walls can’t talk.” Anderson said, looking to John. “But I can.” John was sure the line was rehearsed in his head. It sounded too rehearsed and delivered too straightly. “Who would the school believe? A long term student, exemplar student just trying to study. Or a couple of bum boys who so
Apparently not, because Sherlock continued writing. John himself bent his head back down to read, but he felt almost intimidated by Sherlock's presence, so gave up after page 5. He didn't know whether to leave or not, so resorted to gazing out the window.
“That’s fine. I’ve done it already.” He said, moving off his bed and towards John’s desk, filtering through the papers on his desk.
"There will be a trip to Brighton in two weeks time to study the castles and other buildings made along the coast to support your findings for coursework.” Their teacher said. John and Sherlock sat next to each other but, as Sherlock was not talking to John, they worked in utter silence. John didn’t mind so much that Sherlock was silent, but he wished he wouldn’t sit next to him. It put John on edge. “It will be an overnight stay at a local hostel, and we will be leaving at midday the next day. Money must be payed to the school by next Monday. Any questions, do not hesitate to contact me." John saw Sherlock look at him out of his peripheries, he sighed, before looking at the front. Why did Sherlock keep looking at him?
John had made it onto the rugby team as a reserve, which was better than nothing at all. The PE teacher had come to find John himself and put his hand on his shoulder.
"Nothing much. Smiled at her, complimented her, told her that she's worth more than that shop, which isn’t wrong."
"And that." John added. Sherlock smiled quickly before taking a long drag, flicking the ash into the air.
John awkwardly shifted feet whilst Sherlock look at his bow, studying it as he walked towards the centre of the room. It was almost like a picture, the light from the French windows creating a silhouette of the man. The room seemed to perfectly fit Sherlock. Soft blue walls and minimal décor with rich yet simple things surrounding him.
In fact, John didn’t even notice the room begin to fuzz and Sherlock lean towards him. John did not notice Sherlock flip down his rolled sleeve. John did not even notice when Sherlock gently cupped his face with his hands. All John felt was the softness of the other boys lips, the taste of booze still on his breath, the small sigh that he did when they parted.
“No John, I’m fine.” Sherlock said to the floor. John tutted, knowing that this may be a battle. He was almost tempted to by himself something and not Sherlock, but he knew that Sherlock needed to eat.
For the rest of the lesson they worked in silence. They were improving upon their essay questions with reference to a shared text book, so every so often Sherlock and John would meet each-others eyes. Sherlock’s were frosty and John couldn’t help but look away, full of fear that he’d done something wrong.
John followed Sherlock through a tunnel of over bent trees before they opened up into his garden. That alone took John’s breath away. There was a lake on the far side, a bright flower garden and what looked like a pool with hedges marking the perimeter. As they approached a pave slabbed patio Sherlock stopped.
Sherlock whipped his head round fast, alertness on his face. John stumbled back, spooked by Sherlock's reaction.
Whilst he had been asleep, somebody had dropped of his trunk, so John spent his time unpacking. It was mostly jumpers and trousers, although there was one green polo shirt. At the bottom of the case was the uniform. A burgundy blazer, burgundy tie and black trousers. Also, a black cap with the school emblem on it for special events. It was ugly, but would become the staple of his wardrobe for the next year. John put the blazer on over his jumper. It was a little big for him, the edge of the sleeves ending at the palm of his hand. Hopefully, he would grow into it. His previous school hadn't enforced uniform rules so John never wore his blazer. The polyester was abrasive on his skin but the uniform was not optional at the school. John stretched out his arms, maybe the starch would come out with age.
"Hello?" He said into the stillness, "is anyone here?" There was no reply, the clock on the wall ticking like a metronome. So, John took off his shoes and left them by the door.
i aim to post TW at the beginning of all chapters that may have potentially triggering content. i will always specify whether it is
“Do you want anything?” John asked the boy, who currently had his head between his leg, with a nod of his head..
“It is simply observation and assumption. Human nature is only unpredictable to a certain degree. After a while, everyone’s behaviours are similar.”
Sometimes, in idle moments, Sherlock found himself wondering what got John into rugby in the first place. He wondered if it was a primary school teacher, a drive to be fit and untouchable or, as Sherlock suspected, a more sinister reason. John was complex, there were so many question marks that hung in Sherlock’s vision whenever he thought of John, trying to make sense of his life story. He knew that there was a reason why his behaviour affected John so, there was a reason why he seemed to hold onto Sherlock’s coat tails with desperation despite the burning pile of waste that he was. There was more to John than there seemed to be with others. More angles and additions and colours.
“Still, it’s very impressive.” Sherlock replied, watching John again shout towards the rest of the pitch.
"Only about 15 minutes ago. You were smiling when you were asleep." John laughed nervously, running his hand through his bed hair.
When he got into the dorm, John locked himself into his room. Of course, Sherlock was not there. John felt sick, his head oddly light. He sat against the door, the voices downstairs audible through the wood. His breath was hitching in his throat, his stomach unsettled. It was a panic attack. John was familiar. He straightened his back, placing his head against the door, trying to use the wood to ground him some how. It bought him no solace, his breathing becoming more rapid. John was lost, unsure of what to do. All he could hear was his own rapid breathing. He took his blazer sleeve and placed it over his mouth, smothering the noise from his mouth. Come on John. Come on. Come on. But no matter how many times he told himself it was okay, he continued to panic, his head so light he was convinced he was going to pass out.
"Okay, thank you Anderson, I'll keep it in mind." John put emphasis on the Anderson, ensuring that he knew he upset John. John felt a desire to defend his roommate and he would do it in the most passive aggressive way possible.
“Are you going to tell dad?” John had looked up at her and shook his head. Harry shrugged. “Mum would be proud.”
John watched Sherlock take a long drink before pulling a face of utter disgust and sticking out his tongue.
"Right." Of course. Sherlock must have thought John was an idiot. "Her stuff looks new." John felt Sherlock nod. "Which means that she's just started running."
“I don’t think Gavin likes me.” John smiled slightly. Vulnerable Sherlock. Another confusing dimension to the already mysterious boy.
Greg and Mike, knew exactly where they were going. They directed the group towards a pub, called The Swan, which smelt of old beer and gravy, with an expectant look on their faces. The exterior was nice, it seemed to be styled like a Tudor building with vertical black striped lining the walls and crumbled brickwork. The inside was warm and busy, mostly filled with people above the age of 50, but John recognised some of his peers amongst those sat by the bar. The ceiling was low, Sherlock having to bend his head in order to walk through, with dry hanging lavender lining the wooden beams. It was surprisingly loud for such a small place, but they found a round table in the corner of the room to the left of the door. This room had a re-run of a football game on, but the 3 other people there didn’t seem particularly invested in it so it seemed to be providing background noise.
“John. Could you tell me how you would expand on this point?” His English teacher said suddenly. John had been in the middle of debating whether he ought to just go to Sherlock’s house to see if he was okay.
“Here.” John handed Sherlock an icepack from inside the freezer. He watched the boy press it to the back of his head, chuckling lightly as he did so. “God we are ridiculous.”
"I'm not on a programme. I've got a complete scholarship, so every subject is a specialty one." John rubbed the back of his neck. "I guess it'd be science though, biology." God, he felt like a pretentious twat.
“Yes. Please. I’d appreciate it.” So, Sherlock stood up, slipped on his slippers, and walked downstairs, leaving John alone.
He was pacing back and forth, dramatically playing his song. John watched. He had been working, but gave up 20 minutes ago. Once Sherlock started, John didn't know when he'd stop so it was impossible to work even if he had wanted to. Sherlock an incredible musician, and so John saw it as a privilege to watch him play.
That evening, both boys were sat at their respective desks, working away at the work that Mr McGowan, their history teacher, had set. There was a lot of it, but it had to be done in order to go on the trip.
The coach in the Bullimore colours of burgundy and black called them over, John walking to the huddle of other players, all sporting the same jersey as him, before some low words were said. Sherlock watched the boys nod their heads in agreement and then space out into their positions, John taking the back line. The other team, in a disgusting mix of red and blue, did the same. He didn’t look up at Sherlock, but he could tell John was looking at him.
Just as Sherlock was pacing in the direction of the door, John stood up and placed his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. This made him jump and drop his bow with a clatter. It was almost as if Sherlock had been stunned. Before he could react, John bent down to pick it up before handing it to Sherlock.
They had the rest of the day to study the landscape, looking for castles or anything that looked remotely historical. John wasn't in the mood to do anything with Sherlock and the thought of having to share data and then sleep in the same room make him want to die.
“Quite.” Sherlock responded, sitting on the arm chair nearest to the fireplace. John grabbed a pack for himself, the cold burning his finger tips before sitting in the seat across from Sherlock. They were silent for a moment, the embers in the fireplace glowing a gentle orange. John wondered if this was a health and safety risk to have an open fire with a small grate. Nonetheless, it looked very pretty.
“I’m fine, John.” He responded with a nod and Mike laughed lightly, passing round an assortment of snacks.
“I’ve had a lot of training.” John said into his drink. Out of the corner of his eye he watched Greg smile a little to Mike.
And yet, he couldn’t help but think back to the night in the field, when they were both hazed with drunkenness and fuelled by something else that they almost slept together. Was that attraction? Sherlock simply concluded that it was some attempt to know him better, understand him somehow. He was certain that he didn’t want to be with John sexually. The alcohol had clouded the memory, making Sherlock feel dumb and slow, yet he was sure that he wasn’t sexually inclined. As far as he was aware, that was left to less intelligent people – Sherlock believed that he didn’t have the space in his brain to be turned on.
“No Sir. I’m sorry.” He watched Mr McGowan hesitate. Out of all his teachers, his history teacher was probably his favourite. He saw the teachers brows furrow. John always did his work and he was thankful he was so attentive.
The rest of October was filled with the threat of exams. Sherlock continued as if nothing had even happen, and it made John wonder if he had dreamt the entire thing. Sherlock remained civil, but was slowly distancing himself from John. As everyday passed, he was slowly coming to school less, entering the dorm room less and John realised that perhaps Sherlock needed space. So, he avoided him too, even though it hurt his feelings to think he was the cause of the upset. Sure, John didn’t think that it was going to change much, but at least they could…talk about what happened. At least then they would have some form of level footing. John decided to work through it, Sherlock would talk about it if he wanted to, and the exams were more important than boy drama, even if John wished Sherlock would talk to him. He needed to pass, they were integral for getting into university and keeping his scholarship, even so, the insects still beat at the back of his head.
“No.” He replied, his voice breaking suddenly as he began to cry. Sherlock furrowed his brow, unsure of quite what to do.
"Thank you."  He mumbled, turning towards the door. Somewhere, a clock struck 2 and suddenly he felt very alone.
“The most powerful man you have ever met, Mr Watson, and Sherlock Holmes’ closest friend.” Again, dramatics. John was about to protest that that was not an answer, but ‘The Most Powerful Man’ began to speak again. “Sherlock is plagued with many an affliction, mentally.” He looked up at John, smiling with his mouth closed and shutting John’s folder. “He has been self harming” John cringed at the blasé way he said it. “Oh John, you cannot ignore these things. He has been self harming since very young, some internal torment. I, for one, cannot figure it out. It ceased for sometime for the first time in a long while in September and October, before he up-took it again in late October. Can you think of a trigger?” The floor suddenly opened to him, John found his head submerged in discomfort.
"Thank you John, you don't know how much that compliment means to me." Even through the slurring words, John could hear Sherlock's genuine tone. "In all honesty, even you speaking
"Here we are." Sherlock put his key in the lock to a gate similar to Bullimore's, only this one was iron and black. It was submerged within a bush, the gate marking a dead end to the track. John assumed that this wasn’t a main entrance, that there was one with large, fancy gates and a buzzer. And he was right.
"What? Yes. I'm fine. I'm fine. Just need some water." Greg gestured to John that he needed a glass, so John stepped away from the cupboard and instead rested himself by the fridge.
“Well, Brighton is the gay capital of England, Sherlock. Didn’t you know that?” Sherlock shook his head.
“Her face is bad, Johnny.” Harry had also taken to calling him Johnny, but it was reserved for particularly bad moments. “Swollen. Just to warn you.” And John didn’t have to ask who did it or what happened for he knew. The intricacies didn’t matter to him, whether it was a punch or a bottle, it was the same result in the end. And when he saw his mother’s face, it was one he was eerily aware he was familiar to.
“If it makes you happy, I’ll grab some cereal downstairs in a bit.” He replied before rolling over. John nodded, before heading towards the school.
“What did you do to your arm?” John asked as he sipped his tea. Sherlock kicked off his slippers under his bed.
"I do." Sherlock then turned his entire body towards John, crossing his right leg over his lap. "What do real people have then, Mr Watson?"  John smirked, raising an eyebrow. John’s chest ached at the way he said his name.
Suddenly, the door opened with a squeak and a man wearing a navy pinstripe suit approached him, extending his hand towards John. In slight distress, John stood, knocking the table with his knees as he did so and clearing his throat. He had startling blue eyes, framed by a crop of receding ginger hair and heavy set cheeks surrounding his flat mouth.
“John, this won’t reflect your abilities if you do it now. Currently, you need to sleep.” John knew Sherlock was right, but something was stopping him from letting him help.
“You don’t win in these situations, Phillip. This isn’t a game, this is someone’ life. Just fucking grow up.” And when he got upstairs, John threw himself against the mattress of his bed, his eyes stinging with angry tears. Now Anderson knew something and somehow John knew that he’d use it if he could, to try and get someone on side. And, as he dozed off, all John could think of were the slithered scars on Sherlock’s arm and Anderson’s words.
“John, it’s okay if you and Sherlock are dating or whatever.” Before John could argue, Mike continued. “You just need to keep it private. They’ll kick you both out if they think anything’s going on. They’ve done it before.” John was dumbfounded.
"John." Sherlock nodded curtly, pulling out a well-used rucksack from under his bed. He began to pack it. John watched him for a moment.
“Friendly! Friendly! I was told to get into an unmarked, black car, wasn’t told where I was being taken and then was told to sit in a room by myself until your…your brother spoke to me about my personal life!” John exclaimed, gesturing wildly with his hands outstretched. All the while, Sherlock took a drag, shaking his head and giggling at John’s dramatisation.
“I should get Watson home,” Holmes put in before Lestrade could say anything. “If you require any further assistance, you know where to find me.”
“Do hurry up, Watson,” Holmes urged me as we stumbled along the street to the railway station. “We shall miss our train and have to stay the night.”
He nodded. Silently, he raised a hand to cup my cheek and gently brush away the tears that had begun to fall.
The cab ride was less painful than my previous journey, but I was nevertheless very grateful to reach Baker Street. Holmes paid the cabman, then helped me up to our sitting room.
We emerged back onto the sand, dripping and coming out in goosebumps. By dint of his greater experience of sea swimming, Holmes dealt with the cold better than I. He wrapped a towel around his own shoulders, then enveloped me in the other. He held onto me, helping to warm me up. I wrapped my arms around him in return. We stood embracing each other for several minutes. I felt warm and comfortable, surrounded by our shared affection.
I had also been thinking more about what Holmes had said about occupations. I thought that it might be good to get more involved with village life, perhaps making new friends. There were plenty of things going on in the village that I could help with.
While I went to my desk to fetch my notes on the case, he moved to his armchair. He lit up his pipe and watched me while I pored over the missive, referring frequently to my notes. In a few minutes, I had my answer.
Holmes and the driver helped me to unload all of my baggage and transport it into the cottage. Once it was done, the driver left, and Holmes and I went inside.
By the time we got back inside, the scones had finished baking. I took them out of the oven to cool, then set about making the tea while Holmes removed his bee suit. Then we took the tea and scones outside. We settled on our bench, then poured the tea. The first sip was tremendously welcome. We both laughed at the other’s sigh of satisfaction.
Mr Holmes had called us all in on a job. There were some robberies he wanted looking in to, loot to be traced. As we were leaving, I had seen a fresh batch of rock cakes sitting in the kitchen. I sidled in to nab one, but Mrs Hudson’s hand closed around my wrist just as I picked my prize up.
Holmes was thoughtful that evening. We had built up the fires in both the kitchen and the sitting room, and I hoped that some of that glorious heat had permeated the upstairs rooms too. We were both employed in reading, I catching up with a medical journal, and he one of his ever-growing collection of books on apiculture. He seemed distracted, however, turning the pages very slowly.
Holmes grinned and stole one last kiss. “Then let’s go. I couldn’t possibly leave you wanting, my love.”
I was breakfasting alone one morning when Mrs Hudson came in with the morning post. There was not a large amount, and most of what was there was addressed to Holmes.
“Thank you for your help, Watson,” he said. “I suggest we now have a cup of tea before doing anything else.”
It had been a long day. All of my most difficult patients seemed to have waited to be ill at the same time, and every one had queried my diagnosis. I sighed heavily as I climbed the stairs to our sitting room, wanting nothing more than to spend a quiet evening and get an early night. Holmes was sitting by the fire when I stepped through the door, perusing an evening paper. He looked up at me, taking in my expression.
It was some weeks after the case of The Dancing Men that Holmes handed me a note over the breakfast table. The paper was covered with the symbols. I looked up at him, puzzled.
Holmes returned with a basin of hot water, soap, and bandages. He sat beside me on the settee and began to assist me in tending my wounds. Again, I was amazed by his gentleness and care.
I squeezed his hand, my heart overflowing. “I love you too,” I murmured, opening my eyes. “I have loved you for such a long time.”
It did not take me long to finish my drink, then we set off. It was indeed already becoming warm, the sky a clear bright blue. We walked at a leisurely pace, taking in our surroundings in the morning light. Wildflowers were starting to come out, giving the landscape glorious splashes of colour.
I sat beside him on the bench, and we savoured our ice creams in silence. I watched a group of gulls flying low over the sea. Children were playing on the beach, making the most of the weather.
He nodded. “I really do mean it, my dearest Watson.” He discarded his pipe, scanning my face for my reaction.
Looking at Watson, I could see that my teasing had produced the desired effect. I had been making suggestive comments and drawing his attention to my body all day, and I could see that he was now just as flustered as I had wanted. With any luck, this would lead to some punishment and assertion of his dominance.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
He gathered me gently into his arms and we lay quietly, exchanging soft kisses and gentle caresses while our heartbeats slowed. Eventually, reluctantly, he had to pull out, but he still held me close.
“Exactly,” the first replied. “Then we keep the doctor nice and quiet and tucked away while we get to work.”
I was up early that morning and was already drinking coffee and crunching toast by the time Holmes came down. He sat down opposite me and poured himself a cup of coffee from the pot.
She breathed a sigh of relief. “That’s wonderful. They will be here in 10 minutes, so I’ll show you the book.”
When we reached the beach, he pointed out the best areas in which to swim. He had, of course, become intimately familiar with the beach and all the vagaries of the tide and currents. We went down to the shoreline and tested the water. It was cold, but we managed to convince ourselves that it would be alright once we got moving. Before either of us could reconsider, we changed into our bathing costumes and prepared to go in.
He leaned in so that his lips brushed the shell of my ear. “I want you to go into the bedroom, strip and put this on. I shall join you in a minute.”
I noticed a family of Long-Tailed Tits in a bush on the other side of the stream. I nudged Holmes’s arm and pointed them out to him. We both watched them for a while. I could not help but smile as I watched their antics.
We swayed together, our arms wrapped around each other, giggling at our terrible lack of technique. We may not have been very good, but I would rather have danced with him all night than with anyone else.
We kissed then, soft and warm. After holding each other close for several more moments, we drew apart and walked on, hand-in-hand. At last, rounding a bend in the lane, I got my first glimpse of Holmes’s cottage. Climbing roses surrounded the door, and it looked inexpressibly peaceful.
He reached out to run a finger over the collar, and I saw that his hand was trembling minutely. I looked into his face and saw the unmistakeable marks of desire upon his beloved features. He swallowed and looked at me.
The point at which I became aware I was in danger was only as it came upon me. I was making my way home alone, Holmes having gone to conduct further inquiries, when my legs were kicked out from under me, and I crashed to the cobbles. It was fortunate that I had the presence of mind to protect my head, or I would surely have been knocked unconscious. As it was, I was given a sound kicking as I lay sprawled on the ground, then I was hauled upright. Before I could get much more than a brief glimpse of my attackers, a sack was thrust over my head. My wrists were bound roughly behind my back, and I was bundled into a cab. I would like to say that I fought back against my assailants, but the wind had been so thoroughly knocked out of me that I had not the strength to do much. As the cab rattled through the streets, I listened to the conversation of the men, hoping to ascertain what was in store for me and whether there would be any possibility of escape.
He looked wistful, and I gave him a squeeze. “Ever resourceful, darling,” I murmured, kissing his cheek.
“The Thompson children were selling it in support of the children’s library,” I explained. “I couldn’t very well say no.”
He said nothing more, and it appeared that the subject was at an end. We remained in companionable silence while we finished eating. When we had finished, Basil stood up and offered me his paw.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This she did, showing me how to record books at had been taken out and who had borrowed them. Then, I walked slowly around the shelves to familiarise myself with where different genres were kept.
When they reached the lake, they set up the blanket and the picnic they had brought, then began to strip off for their swim. Holmes laughed when he saw that Victor had forgone putting on his bathing costume.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I could feel my climax building, drawing up inside of me. My cock was pressed between us, being frigged with each movement of his hips. He was hitting my sweet spot with every thrust, and the sounds he was making were incredible. His pace was speeding, becoming erratic, and I knew it wouldn’t be long.
I stopped and drew him into an embrace. “I have missed you too,” I replied. “London does not feel the same without you.”
As soon as we arrived, we checked in at the local inn, then went in search of some supper. At a restaurant, we ordered cheese and chips to take away. We took our meals down to the beach and sat side-by-side on the sand to eat.
“It’s time to get out now,” he told her when he had finished washing her and she had finished her story.
I nodded, sure that if I tried to speak no sound would come out. My prick hung heavy between my legs, and I was ready to receive my punishment. He raised the riding crop and brought down across my buttocks. I grunted at the sting, feeling my prick stir. His next strike brought a moan from my throat. I could just see him through my parted legs, and it was obvious how much he was enjoying this. He struck me again and I whimpered, my abused skin and neglected cock both aching. This was delightful torture. The final two blows came fast, one after another, leaving me trembling.
It was a warm spring that year. I began my work in our garden, putting out seeds and small plants. Holmes’s hives had woken up, the garden and the meadow buzzing with activity.
He left me and I proceeded to strip out of my shirt and trousers. I had sustained abrasions to my arm, side, and thigh on the left side. They did not look bad, but it would be as well to dress them.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“I can give you a hand with your hives,” I offered as I turned away from the window to put the kettle on the hob. “Then I’ll go into Fulworth for our supplies.”
“It helps that I wrote my first proper blog post about it.”  Sherlock rolled his eyes and grinned at John through his fringe.  “Right, this is a dinner date which means you have to eat something or risk offending me.  What are you thinking?  Fish and chips?”  When Sherlock nodded, John squeezed his hand and stood.  “Okay, let me just go let Rosmerta know and grab us a couple more drinks.”
“Yeah, okay, so perhaps it would be best if you two came back at a different time,” Neville muttered, helping Cecelia down to the floor.  “You know, when there isn’t a class for you to show me up in front of.”
John couldn’t help the small grin that formed at the comment.  “I realize it shouldn’t really surprise me anymore when you somehow manage to be involved, but here we are again.  But you’re not a wizard?”
I love the fact that Diagon Alley is on Charing Cross because it was only a few blocks away from where I lived in London.  Denmark Street is an adorable little side street off Charing Cross that specializes almost completely in music shops.  It's absolutely delightful and I highly suggest taking a meander if you're in that part of London.  Also, that churchyard was a common spot for me to go and chill while I waited for Ashlee to get done working so we could go eat Chipotle nearby like the Americans we are.
“Well hello there Ringmaster,” he said with a low whistle. “You’re going to destroy tonight’s group before you even have the chance to get to the performance. I see you still work out.”
While Sherlock researches, John panics. Their first evening of the exhibit arrives and they receive their first disturbing message from their suspect.
“Not anymore, but I keep things orderly when she’s off at school,” Tom replied, his hairless, wrinkled head cocked to the side in confusion.  “I’m afraid I didn’t notice anything off.  Just the usual crowd about today, and most came and went through Diagon Alley.”
John squeezed his hand.  “I know.  She’s on her way to being as curious as you, though, so I also know you’ll want to take the safer opportunities to show her whatever you can.”
“You didn’t hear about them in any of those tomes you read?” John asked.  At Sherlock’s shake of his head, he went on to explain.  “They draw the carriages the students ride in to get to and from Hogwarts and Hogsmeade.  Most people are pretty afraid of them – they can only be seen by those who have witnessed death firsthand.”
“Who is she?”  Teddy craned his neck around John as though he could peer into the kitchen where Mary and Sherlock were talking without being noticed.  “Does she know you’re a wizard and hasn’t said anything?”
The road, if the hole laden and pitchy patch of gravel could even be considered that, halted just before the cemetery’s rusted gate.  John parked beside it and climbed out, taking a deep gulp of faintly sea salt tinged air before proceeding  to the creaky opening.  The sound of the gate’s entrance unfastening echoed across the patch of land, though the birds and various other wildlife who called it their home hardly paused in their noise to pay any mind to the long familiar sound.  John’s sneakers swished through the overgrown grass when he made his way inside, eyes casually flowing from one gravestone to another, taking in names both familiar and otherwise.  His parents’ graves were farther into the centre, so there were various memorials to pass before reaching the one he sought.  A few had flags or other similar badges of honor, indicating military service and accolades, proclaiming how one sacrificed oneself for queen and country.  Many had flowers, occasionally fresh but mostly long dried and dead, and John briefly considered whether he ought to have brought some himself before he laughed bitterly at himself.  If he really wished to leave a gift at the grave, he had the means to do so.
“Alright?” he asked, his voice gone deep.  Sherlock heaved in breaths, his jacket falling off one of his shoulders and his shirt half gaping open.  It should have looked ridiculous, but on Sherlock it simply increased John’s arousal.
Shockingly the flat appeared much as it always was.  The clutter, organized in precisely the way that Sherlock saw fit, still lay scattered throughout the room, the scull still on the mantle, the furniture amazingly intact.  Sherlock himself was buzzing with restless energy, just finishing buttoning his suit jacket as John entered.  He paused in his pacing when he noticed John, currently stormy grey eyes lighting with excitement.
“Lumos,” he muttered, and a soft glow shot out from the wand tip into the trees, cutting through the branches to illuminate John and Sherlock’s figures.  Sherlock’s wide eyed and gaping expression of surprise might have been amusing to John if there wasn’t a possibly deadly wizard with his wand in Sherlock’s face.  Just as the other two men raised their wands, John dove for Sherlock to push him completely to the ground, his body draped over Sherlock’s.
“I found the rose out on the grounds about two months ago,” Sherlock replied as he snuggled against John’s side.  “I brought Neville out and he showed me how to harvest it without ruining it and gave me a recipe for a solution to preserve and suspend it.  He’s been holding on to it in his office for me so you wouldn’t find it.”
“Yeah, I got called down there for a student who burned herself on a potion and Slughorn was worried about moving her.  I didn’t want to wake you since you were sleeping so deeply and figured I’d just bring Cecelia down with me.  It ended up taking longer than I expected.”
“Yep,” John replied, shivering slightly at Sherlock’s touch.  “The Burrow’s a bit too far away to drive, but luckily for us we’ve got magic on our side.  This way we’ll be there in a heartbeat.”  Making sure Sherlock was fully tucked against him, John waved his wand and they were gone.
Sherlock kept his gaze on Cecelia, who sat propped up in his lap with her back against his chest.  She held her bee in her chubby hands, alternating between mumbling at it, chewing on one of its antenna, and pounding it into her legs and occasionally Sherlock’s thigh.  Finally Sherlock twitched his head to the side and shrugged, toying with the edge of Cecelia’s shirt.  “It’s nothing.  Just something I did upstairs.  In your old room.”
A tiny smile appeared on Sherlock’s lip and he nodded tentatively.  “That…would be nice.  I’m not finished for another hour, however.”
John stepped over to the chair and carefully took up the blanket, rolling it around until it became a pillow-like shape.  He cradled the side of Sherlock’s head and lifted it, placing the blanket under his head and propping it up at a more comfortable angle.  Through the whole thing, Sherlock never responded, and John brushed aside his fringe to kiss his forehead before straightening.
Sherlock toyed with his wand, willfully ignoring Mycroft’s presence.  Narrowing his eyes on his skull on the mantle, he waved at it and declared, “Accio skull!”  It shuddered briefly, knocking against the wall behind it, before suddenly shooting off the mantle at Sherlock.  He let out a low grunt as it thumped into his stomach, causing him to drop his wand to the floor with a clatter.  Mycroft huffed out a sigh and rolled his eyes.
John dropped his mobile into his lap as he attempted to soothe Cecelia and therefore could tell that Sherlock continued to message him from the various vibrations coming from the area of his midsection and groin.  After close to ten minutes of hushing noises, soothing caresses, and reenactments of stories starring her bee, Cecelia finally let out a single dramatic sniffle and went quiet.  John heaved a sigh of relief and let his head fall against the side of her seat with a dull thump while another buzz echoed from the vicinity of his left thigh.
John’s face softened, his free hand coming to rest over Sherlock’s and rub gently against the skin.  “It was my gift to you, love.  The exhibit was pretty fascinating, wasn’t it?  And I was happy as long as you were enjoying yourself.  This day was for you, and if you liked it, I’m thrilled.”
“Oh, of course,” Niall replied as he strolled down the stairs, his tone disbelieving. “But frankly, how a man like
“Oh,” Sherlock replied from the other end.  His breath rustled over the line as though he was pacing and John could sense his nervousness in his stilted words.  “Of course.  Sorry.”
“I appreciate that, Harry, but no thank you,” Sherlock replied.  Harry nodded and shoved his hands into the pockets of his robe.
“Of course not, it might compromise the sample.” He folded it back up carefully, wrapping it up in a paper towel from the sink in the corner and slipping it into his pocket. “I need to get to Bart’s to examine this. Hopefully there’s enough of a sample for me to extract a bit of DNA.”
“A few weeks, but I’ve only really had any success over the past few days.”  Attempting to divert the conversation away from his magic, he asked, “How long have you known John?”
Sherlock hummed his agreement and pushed into John’s touch.  “Was it also your intention to set my brother and the major up when you concocted your scheme or merely a happy happenstance?”
“By the time we’re back, we won’t be able to do that any longer,” Sherlock commented as he carried her into the sitting room.  “I’m not getting any younger, you know.”
“Drink this and then I’ll see after those scratches on your face.  I don’t know if you’re up to it yet, but I’d like to look over your front to make sure you haven’t been hurt too badly.”
“May I help you?” he asked through clenched teeth.  His grip on his glass tightened as he fought now to throw its contents all over Doyle without due cause.
“Only way I could manage all this without you figuring it out,” John replied, his shoulders remaining stiff with anticipation.  “I’m surprised you haven’t worked it out yet.  Unless you have?”
John instantly reached for the thinnest rope, taking it between his two closed fists and giving it a yank. The rope gave a bit in his hold, pulling taut in a visually appealing manner. He took a moment to imagine it pulling against Sherlock’s pale skin, the edges turning a pleasing pink where the rope would rub against it. Mentally shaking himself, he handed it back to Sherlock.
“And I wasn’t insinuating we do anything that involves sleeping.”  He slid around until he was laying on his side, guiding Sherlock with him and moving up to his mouth.  They spent several minutes lazily snogging, John trailing a hand up and down Sherlock’s flank.  His fingers had just moved to the front of Sherlock’s belt when a noise between them caused them both to jump apart in alarm.  As soon as they had broken apart, the baby monitor that had been jammed between them tumbled into the space they made.  From it, the sounds of a stirring Cecelia issued, causing John to groan.
“None of my folk have said anything about it, no.  Corner’s a bit daft, but he’s not entirely stupid.  He’d know better than to let something happen without telling me or contacting Hannah about it.  But you know how it is now, John – we’re hardly as careful as we were before, and most of his folk are locked up or long dead.  Mudblood on their heads, you said?  Are you certain?”
“It’s entirely possible that they didn’t.” Sherlock’s attention switched from the brooch to the written note that came with it. “Obviously everyone who has attended the exhibit has seen at least some of your scar and some likely have put together that, between it and your natural military rest, you served at some point. With how specific it is to you, however, I suspect whoever is leaving these notes did some research on you after learning your name.”
John barked out a laugh.  “An accident, I swear.  But it’s nice seeing them both happy, don’t you think?”
James chuckled and shrugged a shoulder.  “Got it from the family who trained her.  Apparently they let the oldest son name her and he’s a huge superhero fan.  He insisted that she was a Thor, and I rather like it.  She strikes me as a god of thunder.”
“Damn straight he is!” John called down the steps before heading into the flat.  Sherlock rolled his eyes, but a smile forced itself out regardless.
The Dementors had been removed from Azkaban after Voldemort’s defeat, but it would take more than that gesture to remove their bleak presence completely.  The prison still had a dark gloom looming over it, a constant fog drifting in from the water surrounding the island to give it a ghostly glow.    It was located up north, so even in August there was a chill in the air, a remnant of the cold the Dementors left in their wake.  Even Sherlock gave a small shiver as they approached the entrance, a motion John felt through their still tightly clasped hands.
“As far as I know, the Ministry offered it to him,” Violet replied.  “He’d been climbing ranks in our government so quickly and well, the Minister for Magic at the time suggested he take it.  He already had a basic knowledge of it all and didn’t need the same sort of preparation, what with the fact that he knew about magic in the first place, so he was ideal.  He’s been at the post for nearly ten years now.”
“As you are all aware,” Sherlock cut in, his expression blank, “we’ve decided that given John’s past in regard to marriage, we would like to avoid it for the time being.  Just because all of you have said your I do’s doesn’t mean we must.”
John shook his head and ran a hand through Sherlock’s hair again, his eyes enormous and devastated.  “Darling, this is not your fault.  You told him to leave you alone and he didn’t; this is on him and you should never blame yourself for it.”  Sherlock bent his head to stare at the floor and nodded reluctantly, still not entirely sure he agreed.  John placed a light hand on Sherlock’s hip and he jumped, automatically reminded of Doyle’s similar touch.  Instantly John snatched his hand away, taking a step back and holding his palm up in silent apology.  When Sherlock looked back up at him, the pain in his eyes made him dart back into his space and pull him close.
When John pulled away slightly to catch his breath, Sherlock’s feet slid and he shifted down on the door.  His hands scrambled to grab at John’s shoulders and John caught him along his waist, giggling.  His eyes, formerly wide with lust and surprise, narrowed at John.
I found on Google.  Obviously I changed the color slightly and substituted runes (which will be explained later) for the Celtic designs, but it was so pretty that I fell in love with it.  As for the wood, I used the
“Hush, John.  At this rate, half of London will know we’re here.”  John could hear him somewhere to his left and headed off into that direction, intent upon catching him up until the sudden appearance of a curly head nearly scared him out of his pants.  “Come along, we’re nearly there.”
“Shit, sorry, I forgot!”  John grabbed Sherlock just before he headed for the floor, rubbing comforting circles into the side of his neck.  “It’s just a minor healing charm, Sherlock, relax.  It’s supposed to feel like that; it means the magic’s working.”
So for a long time, things went well. Sherlock filmed his content while John wasn’t home and their friendship remained intact. While secretly Sherlock would love for them to be something more, he was simply happy to have a friend at all. As long as John was too busy to think about dating, everything would turn out fine.
“No,” he finally gasped out. “Now. Wanna feel it – “ He broke down into a high keening groan as Sherlock abruptly pulled his fingers free. Sherlock shushed him and placed a reassuring kiss on John’s neck as he fumbled for the dildo. John swallowed down the stream of affectionate words that threatened to come out at the movement, afraid it would be too much and make Sherlock stop. All words flew from his head anyway as he felt Sherlock push the smooth head of the dildo against his hole.
“Harry, please,” John begged, reaching out to grasp her elbow.  She nearly lost her balance from how quickly she moved away to avoid the touch.  “Can’t we meet up for once without bickering?  Particularly on today of all days.  Mum hated it.”
“It shouldn’t be too many people there, and you already know Neville and Minerva so it won’t be all strangers.  We don’t have to stay long if you’d rather not.”
Standing and pulling Sherlock up with him, John firmly interlocked their sticky fingers. “Of course. Whatever you need.”
They sat side by side and Sherlock instantly wrapped his hands around his mug.  He stared down into the tea with an out of focus expression, causing his parents to glance worriedly at one another.  Under the table, John placed his free hand on Sherlock’s knee to encourage him.  He shot John a look and nodded, moving one of his hands to rest on John’s.
She turned her enormous blue eyes on him and he watched as they started to fill with tears.  Letting out a groan and hoping their driver would be forgiving, John braced himself as Cecelia let out an enormous shriek and began sobbing at the top of her lungs.  She had always been a fairly calm and happy baby, but in the weeks since Mary died, John did notice the tantrums happening more often.  He knew it was a result of missing her mum and not understanding what happened, but she was simply too young to comprehend any of it.  All John could do was deal with them when they happened and hope that eventually she would come to accept having only him for a parent.
Nodding vigorously, Sherlock laid back and helped John lean forward to rid himself of the rest of his clothing.  John moved purposefully slowly to drape himself over Sherlock, savouring each new meeting of bare flesh.  Once his body was sprawled completely across Sherlock’s, they both took a moment to simply feel each other, Sherlock’s arms coming up to wrap around John’s back.  John kissed down Sherlock’s neck, sucking at his shoulder when he reached it, and when he shuffled to get his lips lower, they both gasped at the contact between their cocks.
“Not a case!” Sherlock suddenly cried, the bow jittering across the strings in an outcry of protest when he pulled the instrument away from his chin and finally turned to face them.  His eyes narrowed in a glare that darted from one woman to the other.  “You knocked rather than ring the bell, indicating that you are not here under distress, at least not for yourself.  No stuttering down at the door in indecision, so obviously you came here with a purpose.  Your face is agitated, but it’s an expression of resigned concern – something’s come up, something from the past that was assumed to be over and has proven otherwise.  You purposefully asked for both myself
“I’m so sorry, honeybee,” John had said, pulling her into a hug.  She sniffled into his collar and he cuddled her closer into his chest.  “I’ll make it up to you, I promise.  I wish there was something I could do.”
By that point, they had reached the open doors to the hall where Cecelia had disappeared into and they could hear her amazed comments as she looked around at the room as a whole rather than simply the ceiling.  John stopped Sherlock before they entered too in order to pull him down into a soft kiss.
“You blame yourself for her alcoholism, since she didn’t begin drinking until after you started school.  You’re so adamant to help her overcome it because, according to your logic, you were the one to cause it.”  Sherlock’s eyes were sharp with veiled concern when they met John’s.  “It wasn’t your fault, John.  You cannot be blamed for being born what you are.”
“Um.  Okay.”  They headed toward the exit, John purposefully standing close.  As soon as they were outside, the man suddenly pulled to a stop and turned to face John.  “Oh!  I’m Sherlock.  Sherlock Holmes.”
“Did you remember everything?” Sherlock asked, his hands on his hips as he attempted to make his voice stern.  Cecelia bounced up on her toes and nodded.  “Pictures?”
Mary found him absentmindedly rocking Cecelia, his expression distant and unfocused.  It took her gentle prod to his arm to bring him back to the present.  “You sure you’re okay, John?” she asked as they transferred Cecelia from one set of arms to another.  “You seem off.”
“I hope that this means we’ll be seeing more of you, John,” she said while kissing his cheek.  She did the same to Sherlock, to his surprise, and lightly patted the spot once she moved away.  “You as well, Sherlock.  We owe you so much for getting him back to us and we have quite a bit of catching up to do with both of you.  I look forward to finding out how your magic and those cases of yours are doing.”
“Back off, Doyle,” Sherlock growled, his fists clenching in preparation to fight if necessary as he bit out each word on a harsh breath.  Rather than taking the warning, Doyle spun him quickly until the small of Sherlock’s back was jammed fiercely into the edge of the table.  He released one of Sherlock’s elbows to jam his wand threateningly below Sherlock’s chin, causing him to freeze in thinly veiled concern.  Doyle cleverly hid the wand within the folds of his coat, making it practically invisible to anyone who might glance their way.  To any bystander, they simply appeared to be two men standing far too close considering one of them was practically engaged.  When Sherlock swallowed, his Adam’s apple nudged against the tip of Doyle’s wand.
“Somehow I knew you would want to go down there eventually,” Sherlock said with a smile, summoning their jackets.  Each day seemed to bring cooler weather, emphasised by how much more north they were than in London.  Cecelia scrambled into her jacket and rushed to the main doors, waiting anxiously for Sherlock to follow.  He pushed the doors open and she dashed off, following the path that led down to the greenhouses.
“To be fair, it’s usually me who’s doing the physical catching,” John added as he picked up their overnight bag and opened their jar of Floo powder on the mantle.  “Remember how it’s done, little bee?”
“My mum’s favourite.  There’s a forest right next to Hogwarts and these are the only Muggle developed plant to thrive on their own in there.  They don’t have a particular purpose in any spells, but I always saw Sprout giving them a particular spot of attention when she saw a bush of them.  Even if they’re not useful, they’re fine to look at, and always remind me of my two homes, in the Muggle world as well as the wizarding one.”
“So,” John began, decided that straightforward would be best.  “How long are you going to avoid sleeping in the same bed as me?  Just until I bring it up, or are you waiting until you’re dead on your feet from not properly sleeping while helping take care of a baby?”
John worked his own wand and sheath off and let them join Sherlock’s.  His eyes darted to Sherlock’s midsection, skittering across the skin but freezing when he spotted the tiny mark in the middle.  His eyebrows furrowed as he straightened, gaze fixed on the scar, and shifted back to sit more fully on Sherlock’s thighs.  He shifted his grip so that he could guide Sherlock into a leaning position on his elbows against the bed.  Once situated the way he wanted, John ran his hands up and down from Sherlock’s chest to his stomach, eventually stopping them at the scar.  He framed it with his thumbs and index fingers, the rest of his fingers splayed out against Sherlock’s skin, and glared down at the mark.
“I can’t possibly know that,” Sherlock protested, his fear beginning to evolve into a tantrum.  “For all I know, this has been a thoroughly elaborate dream brought on by excessive time spent investigating your past and an overzealous imagination.”
“John, just how many people do you know in this world?” Sherlock asked.  They headed down and across the street to Flourish and Blotts, John pushing the door open for Sherlock.  After the constant noise of the street itself, the peace of the bookshop became a relief.  “It seems as though each time we turn around, we’re running into someone who recognizes you, despite how long it’s been since you’ve been a part of this world.”
Snape’s eyebrows rose in surprise as he replied, “She was a metamorphmagus, making her particularly invaluable to the Dark Lord.  He was quite disappointed when she managed to slip from his grasp with hardly any of us noticing.  But of her wand, I know little beyond that it was not one of Ollivander’s designs.”
John’s eyes grew huge as he looked inside the box at the enormous collection it held. Organised in neat compartments was everything John could possibly think of for a night of brilliant sex, from blindfolds and ribbons to dildos and butt plugs. Sherlock rummaged around amongst the bondage equipment and chose three items, laying them out on the bed for John to see. Two of them were standard bondage ropes, each of a different thickness. The last was a thick black ribbon, silky smooth when John ran a finger over it.
John and Sherlock seek each other out for comfort after their emotional scene. The next day, Sherlock gets particularly creative, John possibly pushes things too far, and their culprit loses their temper.
Sherlock cleared his throat and replied in his fake voice, “Well, but better should Bilbo decide to join him and his little Arkenstone for reading.”
Heyyyyyyy y'all.  Sorry, real life caught up with me again.  But good news - I will officially be attending London Metropolitan University this fall to get my Masters in creative writing!  I'm super excited and crazy nervous, but I won't be going alone and it's definitely a needed thing to happen.  So I give you a celebratory chapter!  Complete with cliffhanger!  Not much more to say on it...next chapter is the Big Encounter, so this is just the bit leading up to it.  Thanks as always for everyone's comments, follows, and kudos!
John came and sat at his hip, resting his hand next to Sherlock’s.  “Should have known this is where you’d be.  And there’s no need to sound so ominous – it’s not as bad as it all sounds.”
Pausing in the middle of grabbing a book, Sherlock spun to look at him.  “That’s true.  I hadn’t thought about it, given the fact that we were distracted with the case at the time, but that metamorphmagus friend of yours, Teddy, had obviously seen you recently, and Harry and his family knew you more intimately for who you are now.  You must have remained somewhat connected to the wizarding world, at least to a small extent.”
John studied him and sighed.  “No, it’s fine, really.  You’re right, in a way, I suppose.  It sounds like you might have been speaking from experience.”
Doyle.  Really.  A large part of it truly is that I simply have had no desire to leave the flat.  There are only so many potions I can make or books to read before the process grows dull.  It’s been easier for me to remain at the flat and work on my magic than to be a bother to you about it.  It seems my plan has been less than effective, however, if it has caused you to worry so much.  I suppose I just expected that…well, honestly, that you wouldn’t even notice a difference.”
“Me either,” the other woman finally said, her voice shaky. “They don’t ask, for the most part. Personal info just breaks the illusion of the whole thing, and everyone we’ve interacted with focused on what we were making, not who we were outside of the show.”
John wasn’t entirely sure if his full meaning was caught in his cryptic words, but regardless Sherlock let out a breath and nodded.  They passed Cecelia over to Neville, who cradled her with practiced ease.  John felt his chest constrict as they said their goodbyes.  It took all of his willpower not to turn back as they headed off in the direction of Hogsmeade, feeling unpleasantly empty.  He stirred a bit when Sherlock’s hand darted out to squeeze his, and he refocused on what Sherlock had deduced from Harry’s note.
“Good. You can decide on anything else for yourself.” John forced himself to turn away and focus on his own outfit. He found a straight sleeved white shirt with slight ruffles down the chest, giving it a modern pirate feel. Tucking the tails into another pair of tight black leather trousers, he scanned a rack of jackets in search of one that matched the picture in his head. He found it amidst all of the military coats and Victorian tailcoats, pulling it from the hanger and shaking out the heavy fabric. It was a worn black, long enough to hang only inches above the floor, with a high collar and wide cuffs at the wrists. The lapels across the chest were larger than usual, with three rows of braided buckles that were similar to those on Sherlock’s corset. John smoothed out the buckles on his shoulders to lay them flat as he pulled it on, hooking his fingers in the edges to survey himself in the mirror. The lapels took up almost all of the chest of the jacket, the vee of their rectangular shapes guiding the viewer’s eyes to his waist. Popping the high collar in a mirror of Sherlock, he took a deep breath and turned back to Sherlock.
John brought Cecelia to Regents after stopping off at a nearby Tesco for a loaf of bread.  They spent the rest of the morning with the birds at the lake, John breaking off tiny pieces from the loaf to lure them in.  Cecelia clapped and giggled at the decent sized flock they managed to gather around their bench and pram, occasionally attempting to reach out and snatch at one.  They made friends with a pair of dachshunds who excitedly went up on their hind legs to look into her pram and say hello.  While he was glad Cecelia was enjoying herself, John couldn’t help but constantly think of Sherlock back at the flat, worrying about whether or not he was doing well alone.
Turning slightly to look at Sherlock, John decided to follow his instinct and wrapped an arm tightly around Sherlock’s waist. He let out a slight huff of surprise and glanced down at John’s hand on his stomach, but returned to his conversation without making John move. “You could say that,” John said to Michael, angling them both so that they could continue their conversations comfortably. “Sometimes it’s the most stubborn ones who most need a strong lesson in following orders.”
Niall must have put the tube of lube on the bed, John quickly realised when he spotted the tube that both he and Sherlock forgot to fetch beforehand. Grateful for the silent help, John led Sherlock to the side of the bed and considered him for a moment. “Kneel on the centre of the bed,” he commanded, the authoritative tone he’d used earlier returning. It was almost as though Sherlock’s knees went out from under him, he knelt so fast, and he crawled slowly on his hands and knees to where John directed him. John gave his bum a light smack as he wiggled past for his cheek, making Sherlock glance over his shoulder at him with half lidded eyes. Soon he sat back on his heels facing John, waiting patiently for his next instruction.
“Indeed, we are,” he agreed. “I suggest that we cap off this lovely day with a stroll along the beach and perhaps an ice cream.”
In the low light of a kitchen in Sussex, the retired detective waited for his doctor to return. He clasped a mug of tea in front of him on the table, a pencil and the paper lying by his elbow, the crossword long since completed. He smiled when he heard the garden gate click. His knees creaked slightly when he got up, too long spent in one position.
“So are you,” Victor murmured back with a soft smile. “Come here, love. I think we both need to warm up a bit more.”
I deserved this, I supposed as I plunged my hands back into the washing up water. I had been warned that Mrs Hudson’s baking was for a special occasion. Dr Watson had been very clear about it. But I could never resist fresh cake.
When it got to lunch time, we settled on the bank of a stream. We both removed our boots to dangle our feet in the water while we ate. Out of our knapsacks came sandwiches, fruit and cake, and bottles of water. We sat in companionable silence, each enjoying the rest and the scenery.
When Holmes finished playing, I put her down, then took her hand and kissed the back of it. “Thank you for the dance, Miss Holmes,” I said solemnly.
I had not thought of that, but it was very appealing. “I would love to,” I replied. “Thank you, darling.” I pressed a soft kiss to his cheek.
When I had finished, I wiped my eyes and gave him a faint smile. “Thank you,” I said earnestly. “I feel better for getting that out.”
It had been a cold day. As Holmes and I made our way home after conducting inquiries, it began to snow. It looked so pretty that we decided to walk and take in the scene at our leisure. The downside to this was that by the time we reached Baker Street we were both chilled to the bone. We were very grateful to reach our own door and step into the warm.
After a final kiss, he released me. I got to my knees and placed my hands on the bed, presenting my arse to him.
He sat down beside me, discretely brushing my thigh with his hand. “Don’t worry about it. I’m sure we can find comfortable rooms for the night.” He added in a low tone, “Perhaps I may be able to help ease your leg.”
We talked about the things he had successfully grown and things that I would like to try. I wanted to do some research into the best plants for the bees, and he recommended some of his books for me to consult.
It was not very often that Holmes and I got to go anywhere with a dress code anymore. The Parish council in our village had organised a dinner dance, and everyone had been invited. The invitation had specified evening dress, so we got dressed up.
One Saturday, we had been out for the day, walking out along the coast and back further inland. We approached the village from over the Downs and stopped to enjoy the view. It looked very picturesque in the afternoon light, nestled between the rolling hills and the sea.
