“Not as far as I can tell,” Beth says. “I can’t find any mention of him anywhere in academic circles, either, but… Well.”
The words slip out too easily now, his inability to stay focused stretching to his tongue. It’s disconcerting, how he’s slow and still and bound down by a weight he can’t identify, unable to move, and restless and light and almost non-existent, and overloaded and present and pained, in ever-changing, unpredictable sequence. His human head feels to be perched on his body, at risk of rolling off, and speech is barely under his control. Perhaps he took more of the powder than he’d realised, but it works less and less well, and he needs to dull the pain. If a Rit Zien finds him, him with his unhealing injuries, he won’t be able to protect the people around him. The thought of his own death fills him with nothing but a vague sense of relief, right here and in this moment, but he knows that this morning he wanted to live. A bar of sunlight fell across his bed, across him, and for a whole half an hour he wanted to live. It’s progress. He thinks it’s progress.
“Er. Dean?” Sam says.
She’s pleased with herself as she pays their bill, frowning away Castiel’s attempt to offer money. No. He must keep it. She always tells him this. He hasn’t told her how small his stack of bills is getting, but she seems to have an idea.
“Hitting an angel maybe isn’t like hitting a human,” Riva says, and feels a sick lurch at how that comes out. She’s never been one to excuse abuse, but they really don’t know anything about angels or how they see things. “And besides, Dean can be really, really wrong in how he’s treated Cas, but Cas can still be an angel. It’s not like they cancel each other out just like that. I’m not saying that.”
“I see,” he says, finally. “You…you should take him, if you want to.”
Dean pulls his eyes away from Cas for only a moment to glance at Val.
“And I have enough money for a few more weeks. If I’m careful.”
“Not necessarily,” Hannah said. “Harder for me to survive it than for Castiel to survive it. But I could get us in. I’m just not sure I can keep either one of us safe once we’re there.”
“Here? Attacking? That doesn’t sound right.”
“Roses, Cas?” Dean asks. “Really? You sure this isn’t an old girlfriend of yours?”
Cas heaves a sigh, and shrugs.
Sam looked like he was going to leave it, but as Hannah stood to follow Bela from the room, he spoke again.
And this is where Dean gives him a talk about knowing what that’s like, and how Castiel needs to buckle up to finish the mission they’re on now. He waits. But it doesn’t happen. Instead, Dean alters his grip, and his right hand curves further round the back of Castiel’s head, into his hair. He feels like Dean’s trying to cradle him, to keep him safe, and he isn’t sure what to do with that.
It takes another few minutes before Val is lucid enough to hazard an address, and Dean’s out of the door almost fast enough to leave Sam behind. He just has time to shout over his shoulder that they’ll bring Cas back, and they’re out of there.
“Is it just going to take time?” Beth asks.
“No.”
If he was attacked, and didn’t just pass out from an overdose. Dean can’t forget the angel’s turned addict.
“I think I have my life here,” she says.
“Why?” Cas asks, turning and narrowing his eyes.
Dean’s got a seedling scowl on his face by the time they pull away, but Sam doesn’t worry. It’s just a set-back. Bound to happen, really, with the way Dean can be. Hell, given how over-protective Dean is at odd moments, and the way he never seems able to settle on where Cas sits on the vulnerability scale, it’s going to take time for the two of them to reach a balance. That’s all.
“Just show me where they are,” Gertrude says.
“Right,” the guy says.
The voice echoes in the gloom, not as rich or as full of amusement as Inanna’s, but still ringing with power. Castiel turns to watch the goddess step into view, coalescing like ink running back together on the surface of water. She’s as lovely as her sister, in her own way.
“Well, if you want to,” she says. “I’m sure Tanya would love it.”
“There’s only the one bed,” Beth says, as though this has only just occurred to her. “You said, er… It was a joke, wasn’t it?”
“It was a moment where I just, I don’t know, I just…stepped outside myself. Something like that. And I thought, well, that’s it, Val’s gone. And I looked at my life without you in it, and-”
“It’s not like it’s the craziest thing any of us has ever done, Dean,” Sam said. “If it’s this or watch Cas die, I say we risk it.”
Dean’s quiet for a while, long enough that Castiel thinks it must be odd, to still be holding Castiel’s face cupped between his hands. Perhaps Dean’s so busy calculating, so busy taking Castiel’s report apart and putting it back together that he hasn’t noticed he’s still making physical contact.
And, fuck, but he’s thinking about having sex with Cas.
“It’s…” he begins, and stops.
Sam didn’t bother answering. He was sure the signs pointed to demons. If they were the right demons was a matter of question, but some of the ingredients Bela said were needed for their spell had been bought from places nearby in the last few days, so it was at least a decent chance.
“I wonder what it does to an angel, to have his wings cut up,” Dean says.
“No, it wasn’t,” Sam says. “Cas, I had no idea. I’m sorry.”
“Dean,” Cas said.
“What did you mean, by saying ‘me’?” he asks, swiping at his eyes to make them stop.
Let me know what you like. It makes me happy. Or less desirous of mass destruction, any way.
“Okay,” Sam says, cutting a look at Dean and Cas, even though Dean is pretty sure Cas has stopped paying much attention. “You come in, you stay behind us. First hint of anything, you get out. Okay?”
Cas and his empathy. Dean sighs.
“Sorry,” he says, dropping his eyes.
“Val,” Dean says. “Get in here.”
She bites her lip as she glances round the empty room. Val and Beth might both kick off, knowing he’s on his own, but it’s not like visiting hours are all day. And Riva can’t, just can’t, sit in here and do nothing but wait for Cas to wake up.
Sam finds Dean pacing by the Impala, his hands on his head like he’s trying to get a grip on his hair. The look on his brother’s face has Sam speeding up.
“I’m sorry about that,” he said, even though Cas couldn’t know everything he was apologising for.
Cas laughs. It’s short and bitter and both Sam and Dean look like they’ve been slapped.
“I’m good,” he says, and does his best to mean it.
In their wake, Riva rubs at her head. The headache that’s been gathering there tightens her skull. No time to hunt down a painkiller right now.
“You Gollum son of a bitch,” Dean spat. His ire aimed squarely at his father. “You think Cas is out for my money? Are you fucking kidding me?! He’s good. As in, he owns this place. He owns his house. He even owns his damn car, which he’s had for five years. Cas doesn’t need my money nor does he want it. Jack’s probably going to get a scholarship, but, if not, Cas can cover tuition because he’s been putting money away for him since he was born. Jack’s mom, Kelly, started the savings account and her parents, as well as Cas, all contributed until they died. Luckily, he lives in fucking Christmastown, USA, which makes bank every goddamn year. So, he has saved every penny he could to make sure both never have to worry or least not worry for a nice chunk of time should the apocalypse hit.”
For Expat's becoming void day.
His hair’s a mess, he’s paler than he should be and his eyes are far less brilliant than when she first met him, back when he saved her. She wants to pull him into a hug and just…just let that heal him somehow. She wishes she was naive enough to believe that was all it took.
“Really? Because I heard he defied Heaven on your say so. I heard he took on the souls of Purgatory so you could stay with your girlfriend and play at being suburban. I heard he gave up an army, that he almost let borrowed Grace burn him through, that he helped to remove the Mark, even when it meant having a spell almost tear him apart, all for you. Is any of that untrue?”
She knew she should have checked on the wine before the last time anyone went shopping, but with so much going on she just…didn’t. She isn’t even sure when the wine was opened.
“Are you saying the more people there are, the weaker its memory stealing powers are?” she asks.
“No. No, of course not,” Val says. “That’s not what I meant.”
“Guys,” Sam cuts in, and Dean looks over to see Sam on his feet, looking none the worse for wear. Not like getting knocked down is new to Sam, any more than it is to Dean. “Did we lose it?”
Not that she told them everything.
A bell rang through the chamber, deep and sonorous, and Bela span to face them, her eyes wide.
“I’ll keep an eye on him. All right? I swear to you, Cas is safe.”
“No,” he says, stopping her.. “No, I…I don’t mind you asking.”
He doesn’t quite follow how he ends up in the spare room, Dean by his side. Val’s there, too, which seems…wrong and right. Such contradictions follow his life since he met Dean. It’s probably not worth worrying about. And it is so pleasant to see the greens and golds of the pair of them. He could watch them for hours.
She cuts off, presses her lips together, shakes her head. The colors dim for a moment. Just a moment.
“I’ve locked in the Grace he has left,” Hannah said. “We need to do more, but we need to go. Those four can’t be the only ones involved in this.”
“They don’t want me near him, Sam.”
“It was hurting,” he says. “Now it isn’t hurting as much.”
Sam pauses, tilting his head in a way he has to have picked up from Cas, and there’s something wary about him.
“I don’t eat,” Castiel says at last.
“No, I just… Sit against the tree. Just sit against the tree. I’ll be as quick as…as I can.”
What else, he means.
Val shoots him a look that makes him clamp his mouth shut. Yeah. Right. Probably should check Cas is okay first.
“So, now we’ve got that sorted, where shall we put the couch you’re going to buy?”
“I don’t understand,” she says. “Why would you want to stay here?”
“So,” Dean says, “we figured we should give you some warning before we try this. Cas has looked over it all again, and he thinks you should be safe.”
“Hey, it’s okay,” Beth says, appearing next to him and placing an arm around his shoulders. “It’s okay. I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have asked. Just… Just cry if you need to. I’m here. He isn’t going to get you here.”
“Hi. Sam? That’s Sam, right?”
At that, Cas moves again, sitting up and pushing himself back until his back is to the wall. He pats the bed next to him, not breaking eye contact with Dean.
“Castiel!” she yelled. “Stop this! You’ll bring the place down on us!”
Someone whose friend did throw him out and then didn’t even check he had somewhere to go. Dean keeps that to himself. He’s already exploded at this woman and given her too much, things he can see she’s twisting in her mind to fit some story she’s picked up from somewhere.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Your pulse is all weird,” she says, and it occurs to him she is not afraid of him. She’s afraid for him. The concept sits strange on his skin. “And your eyes… Did you know you were staring at nothing? Like, totally nothing. Couldn’t get you to focus. You looked dead. Fuck. Tell me how much you took, and what. You said you didn’t need a doctor. Were you lying? Did you overdose?”
Wow. That has been quite a lot. I hope you enjoyed.
“Who turned on you more than once.”
His name in Sam’s mouth brings Dean’s head around, and he blinks. Cas is on the settee now, with Riva leaning over him, her shoulders set and her lips pressed together. Beth’s staring at Dean, unmoving, and he isn’t sure she’s breathing.
“You in there?” a voice calls through the wood.
He could brush that off, but he was pushing forty, near enough, and everyone round the table looked ready to hear Dean confirm it. Even Bela. Sam’s face was nothing but open support.
“Dean, anything is fine,” Cas said, after a few minutes.
She sees Beth’s eyes widen, hears Riva make some sound that might be a warning or shock or anything. She sees Aidan flinch, like he was hoping he was imagining things and Val just made it real. Maybe he’s anticipating the way this agent will react.
You may be getting a few tiny chapters over the next couple of days as I try to wind down from the stress and exhaustion of this last school year. I am hoping the sickness and the various pains and the dragging lack of energy are 'just' work stress, anyway.
Cas nods. After a moment, he seems to get Val’s waiting for him to speak, and he blinks.
**********************
It felt like subjective hours had passed by the time they reached the sharp upsweep of rock Dean had commanded they head to. By then, they had a crowd walking with them, the eddies of satisfaction, relief, delight, clear in each demon, whether they wore a human form or not.
Less likely. Meaning there was a chance this could kill Dean. He sat and thrust out his arms.
Because he murders angels. He can’t seem to stop murdering angels, no matter how much he doesn’t want to.
“You’re a lot more than what’s been done to you, as well. What your father did, what Alastair did. What you’ve done to yourself.”
“You okay with Dean using you as a pillow? Because if so, I’m going to get to bed. But remember what Dean said, Cas. You need one of us, you just come and wake me up, all right?”
Another twenty minutes and another failed attempt later, he leaned closer to Cas’ ear and started talking.
Castiel tells himself he’s glad Val is so excited to take this new boyfriend of hers to a party. It really won’t be very much of a sacrifice, giving up meeting her. She’s right. Castiel taking up her time must be getting in the way, and she’s kind to let him know in person, instead of simply not turning up to meet him, instead of beating him and leaving him on the floor. He scratches over that last thought, tries to blot it out before it can taint this last meal with Val. He finds he has to do that with many images, many times.
Cas shoots him a look Dean can’t read and pulls away, moving to stand under the tree’s spreading branches. Under the dappled light he looks less human, but anyone walking past will just see a guy in his late 30’s having a weird communing with nature moment as his friends watch. Okay, so maybe there is no way this will look normal, but there’s no sign of Cas’ eyes, or the wings and other limbs the eyes are on. All Dean can see is Cas’ human body, eyes closed and head tipped slightly back, with a breeze lifting strands of his dark hair. He’s beautiful, but there’s no hint of anything otherworldly.
“Never mind. You can give us back story later. I know someone who reads this language. Cas has been meeting with her. A professor who works with Beth and Val.”
And took the seat Dean had made for him.
Sam set Cas down on a table in the library, fetching a blanket and rolling it up to place under Cas’ head. It was so tender, so caring, that Dean had one of those moments where he felt he was watching from the outside. Cas and Sam had grown so close, and Dean sometimes thought he should back off and leave them to it.
“I’m fine,” she says. She bites her lip, looking him over, trying to gauge what she should say. “How are you holding up?”
“Oh, for fuck’s sake,” Val says, kicking out a chair to her other side. “Come and sit down before you fall down. Dean, get your boyfriend some coffee.”
She had Heaven to help heal, a job Castiel couldn’t help with, not after being so directly involved in so much of the damage, but she didn’t want to explain it all to Sam now, to explain how the other angels Bela had managed to lead back to life were waiting for her. She didn’t want to explain how they’d met Gabriel and Anna and others, how they’d shown her how to create herself a body. Create one for Bela.
******************************
Those slashes from the creature in the warehouse still hurt, even though they aren’t as bad as she thought they were at the time, and it’s not been long since she found out one of her close friends isn’t even human. And Beth didn’t ask her to sleep in her bed.
Ah. Something in Castiel’s mind clicks, and that distance vanishes. He isn’t watching from afar, if he really ever was. At least, if he has been for years.
“You back for good, or is this a flying visit?” he asks, and Nora doesn’t understand quite why Steve flinches, but she sees Jake register it, too. She sees him process it.
Behind him, he heard a sound as though someone was cutting themselves off from speaking. Probably Sam. Well, screw it. Watching Cas bleed out in front of him, and knowing the guy was praying to save Dean, had been too much.
Val smiles at Dean as he returns to his own seat, and Castiel is almost sure there’s something approving in it. Dean smiles back, a quick quirk of the lips that most people might have missed. Castiel is not most people. More to the point, Dean isn’t trying to hide it from him, perhaps at least partly because Castiel is looking at him with one of his celestial eyes, and it seems Dean is taking some time to adapt to the knowledge they exist.
“But what, Cas?”
“Dean thinks he gave me that name,” he says. “I’ve never told him I’ve been called Cas before, by others.”
“Sure. That too. But I didn’t expect the two of you to hit it off.”
Castiel must nod, or else Dean only asked out of formality, which seems very unlike Dean, because the door creaks all the way open and Dean is right there, crouching in front of Castiel, peering up at him as he sways on the edge of the bed.
Dean looks, if anything, more concerned. It’s in the dip of his shoulders and the shapes of his lips, in the way his eyes trace Cas’ face and the fingers of one hand twitch.
“Hey,” he says, over her gasping. “Talk to me.”
“You think Dean was doing something Sam wouldn’t approve of?”
“Yeah. Yeah, I’m glad you got some rest,” Sam says. If Dean isn’t going to make anything out of being on Cas’ bed, Sam sure isn’t going to. “But it’s time. We need Cas downstairs.”
The door’s partly open and Beth slips inside quietly, moving straight to the bed and barely pausing before climbing onto the mattress next to Cas. He startles, eyes opening and his body tensing, and Riva hears her friend hush him.
“How’d you miss it?” Dean asks, because Sam can absorb his words, can shout back. Can tell Dean it’s his fault for not taking good enough care of Cas.
“No. Thank-you.”
“Everything. I’m sorry. I know that’s not what you want-”
Still, it’s better than it was.
“No-one said anything about atoning,” Dean said. “Hannah and Bela, they’re just thinking who might be up to the job. And you’ve got form for leading, no question. But I’m not naming you my Regent or whatever. I’m not even sure I’m gonna use the damn lamp. We can come up with another way.”
“Tell me straight, Cas,” he says. “Was that the first time?”
“If you’re okay to explain it,” she says, because she isn’t an ass, “I could do with you filling in a few things.”
The scrape of the front door opening distracts him from the scene, and he resettles his wings, folding a set around his feet, another round his body. He doesn’t hide his face. It isn’t as though there’s any glory left to shield.
No. There was no help coming from the Host.
“Understatement,” Castiel manages, like he’s reading a line from a script that isn’t even appropriate for the genre. This isn’t a comedy. He isn’t sure what it is, but it isn’t a comedy.
“Can we not do this right now?” Beth asks, and the exhaustion in her voice is enough to pull Val up short. “At least eat, get some shut-eye, and then we can argue about this over breakfast. Please?”
“I’ve been better,” he says. And then, remembering what he’s been taught. “I’ll be fine. When can I leave?”
“The fucking car, Sam,” Dean snaps. “How’d you miss a whole car being missing?”
Beth nods, but her eyes look a little glazed again.
He sounds nervous as he says it, like he expects Dean to do something awful to him at any threat of exposure, but Dean just nods and pats Ashley again.
“Yeah, man,” Dean says. He thinks, if this were another relationship, one that had just started and had been going on for nearly a decade, he’s have a petname for Cas. Sweetheart or sugar or sunshine. Something. But none of that seems right just in this moment. Probably something to save for later. “Yeah. And I want to open up to you, too.” He huffs out a laugh. “Not gonna say it’ll be easy, for either one of us. But…yeah.”
“Cas doesn’t know what’s good for him,” Dean says. “He never knows what he needs.”
She says it like most people would suggest a cup of chamomile or something. Hell, the way she says it isn’t a million miles from the way Dean throws lines like that at Sam. Except she doesn’t sound at all like she’s trying to rile them.
“I hate to say it,” Riva says, “but she does have a point. The amount he must have taken, the state he was in when I got here, let alone the way you say he was earlier, he’s going to be wanting more. I didn’t find any on him. Did you?”
Beth nods, but she looks contemplative rather than agreeing.
He watches the lie slide off her, her mouth tightening into some version of a smile, soft and sympathetic.
He stops himself from asking if Cas is sure. Cas has already said this is the best option he can see right now, and Dean needs to start showing some trust. The websites were really clear on trust being shown, and vocalized. Hell, they seemed to think all kinds of things should be vocalized, and not even the fun kind of being vocal, but Dean’s determined to keep working on it. With that in mind…
She wasn’t sure how she’d feel about it, if Dean broke Castiel, kept him as some sort of trophy. The seraph was similar enough to Hannah that Bela felt…something.
Sam watches from the doorway as Dean leans over, shaking Cas gently by the shoulder and smiling down at him as Cas blinks himself alert enough to ask Dean what’s happening.
His voice is rough, too. Pained.
“It’ll be fine, Dean,” he tries.
“Oh, thank God.”
“I’m just gonna deal with these,” he said.
It takes a long second to work out the noise is from the car behind him, that the driver is telling him the lights have changes. Humans are impatient creatures.
The second thing he notices is how Cas’ gaze barely lands on them before it’s off again, and he feels that sick jolt he always gets when Cas won’t meet his eyes. But this isn’t looking away, this is looking around.
“The singing helped me.”
She’s too far away for him to speak to her easily, and he finds he wants to. He hasn’t spoken his own language in so long, not in any way free of pain or pressure, and he hasn’t even realised until this moment that he misses it. Of course, he misses many things. As a warrior, he was taught not to let that distract him, but it takes more effort now.
She hasn’t felt this overwhelmed in years, but it’s not like anything in her training has prepared her for wading through a dozen books on angelic lore in search of a cure for an angel. It also doesn’t change the fact she’s the doctor, and it’s her duty to try.
“I got you, Cas.”
He doesn’t know how to finish the sentence.
“Dean and me, we’re both messed up, too. Or have been. I’m not sure. And maybe that makes it harder for us to help him, or maybe it makes it better, because some of what he’s going through, we get more than anyone.”
“Are any of them free?” she asks. “You do understand I wouldn’t normally let them belonging to anyone hinder me, anyway. I’m being respectful of our friendship, here.”
For one thing, he isn’t sure how true that statement is anymore.
“Then you must have slept very well,” Cas says. “Dean’s presence is very comforting.”
Val stands aside as he leaves the room, but Beth’s pretty sure it’s only because her other choice is being walked over. Cas drifts, mostly, looking like he could vanish entirely if they don’t keep an eye on him. Right now, he’s more like he was in that alley, solid and present and very much not someone Beth would want to cross.
So, Castiel needs to see this done. It doesn’t mean he likes to see that look on Dean’s face.
She takes one of Cas’ hands and wishes he’d grip back.
Dean doesn’t go on until Castiel nods, which he does slowly, feeling as though part of him is drifting. Maybe all of him is drifting, just not in the same direction or at the same speed.
“I’ve seen parts of Cas’ true form before,” Dean says, and must notice the way Cas startles at that. “Sorry. Forgot to say. And only, kind of, shadows of it? You know, when, er, when I…”
“So it worked?” Dean asks.
Sam’s voice throws him. It shouldn’t. He can see as well now as he’s been able to for a few years, some of his damaged eyes working again when they hadn’t before he left the Bunker, but he finds himself gripping the banister and swallowing, trying to work out how Sam got so close without being noticed.
“We all care about Cas here,” Riva says before Sam has to try and do anything. “Is it something we all need to know about, Sam?”
He moved Cas back until there was space between them, and slid his hands up under the material over Cas’ shoulders. The shirt was thin, cool, and it slipped down Cas’ arms easily.
The kiss is slow, and lazy, and nothing like the night before, when Dean was bright and urgent. Dean kisses along Castiel’s jaw and buries his face in the juncture of Castiel’s neck and shoulder, breathing steadily. It’s…pleasant. More than pleasant. Even so, Castiel finds he needs to untangle Dean after a while, moving away enough to see his friend’s face.
“Sure,” Val interrupts, because she must be the only one in this place who doesn’t go off on long rambles about her subject. “He’s been through it, you know. Finding his way back to his feet. But I can ask him.”
“Maybe he wants to go,” the third woman says. “He’s probably wanting a hit or something. He’ll be climbing the walls for a fix soon. What are you going to do then? Tie him down?”
Dean is talking with Val and Beth, and Sam is in the kitchen making coffee. Probably. The clattering suggests he’s having trouble, but he’s busy and not asking Castiel what he’s doing, and that’s the key point.
He isn’t prepared to hear Dean’s voice.
Cas refuses to get back in the car, even though Dean can see how tired he’s getting. They’ve hardly been out of the house and Cas is clearly exhausted, but he insists he has to walk the trail, and the way he says it gives no room for maneuver.
“We sent Val up to bed. She was worrying herself out and it really isn’t a terrible injury. Still… She says you tend to jump, that you space out a fair bit. Is it… What do you think causes that? If you don’t mind me asking, that is. Um. Forget I said anything. I’ll get you some water.”
Beth falls silent for a while, and when she speaks again it’s with something like regret.
Cas’ eyes narrow and he tilts his head back as though he needs to see her better.
“I don’t know what I’m doing,” Dean says, and holds his arms out. The smile he tries is beyond a bust, but it’s the best he can do. “I’m…I’m trying, man. I want to try. For you, and for me. And for…for us. But I keep getting it wrong. You know?”
He nods, because he can’t process how to explain to her that he doesn’t sleep, and he sits by himself, listening to the padding of her feet over the floor, the sound of a cupboard door opening, of water splashing into a glass.
“Actually,” Dean says, one corner of his mouth quirking up, “I thought one of you could do a beer run.”
Val subsides, but slowly, as though giving up the field and resenting it. Sam feels the tension in Dean’s shoulder. He’s pretty sure Dean won’t erupt, not in any way that means Sam might have to physically hold him back, not now the Mark’s gone. He keeps his hand where it is anyway.
“You saying you were in pain and didn’t tell us, Cas?” Dean asks, tone half-way between disapproval and worry.
“Okay,” Val says for all of them. “Then you call him. But don’t you think for a minute that we’re leaving you alone in this.”
After, with Cas tucked up in Dean’s arms, his head under Dean’s chin and his hair tickling Dean’s throat, they’d talked. Dean had to tell Cas three times that he wasn’t going to end up in Hell, and four times that Dean would give up the powers and be human again.
His father’s words from this afternoon blared in Dean’s head, which he bowed in shame as he fingered the Metallica keychain. He hated that Cas had feared the worst from him. He also understood it. Relationships were hard enough, but navigating your partner’s feelings whether you had been together ten days or ten years could be treacherous without open communication.
Addressing Jack, Sam warned, “Never fall in love with a lawyer. It’s exhausting.”
The truth of that last statement made Dean’s heart tighten. Continuing this fight without Castiel by his side was not something he wanted to happen. However, Sam was still here and would be until the end. Still, as much as he loved his baby brother, he wasn’t the angel with the adoring glance that warmed Dean from the inside out.
Dammit. Dean might need that help if he keeps it up. “I bet you are,” he retorted with a smirk of his own. “Maybe next time.”
“Wait.” Relief washed over him and all the hope he had been hoarding like squirrels with acorns in winter went straight to his heart, bursting it wide open. He swallowed the lump in his throat. “You’re saying yes?”
This blew the angel’s mind. So much new information was making itself available tonight that he had a hard time believing it was true. It was though.
life, Dean. Three go in, one comes out. Go for the jugular. Take no prisoners.”
Dean chose this moment to suck on a spot of Cas’ neck that he had declared belonged to him and it was an erogenous zone for Cas, so any cohesive thought flew away in an instant. Between the sucking, twisting, and pulling, he was a goner. His orgasm tore through his body and it was all he could do not to come screaming like he wanted.
To his relief, the brothers had returned to the kitchen in good spirits a short time later, just as Cas had finished pouring the hot melted butter over the popcorn. Dean came straight over to him and had offered to carry in the bowls for the second half of the movie marathon. Jack and Sam had grabbed the sodas with Cas following them into the living room. Cas had sworn he saw something in Dean’s eyes that was gone just as quickly as it had appeared. He couldn’t figure out what it was and that had bothered him.
“Stop being a pod person. You’re freaking me out.”
“It will be our second, actually.”
“Oh, good! You found everybody!” Jody blew through the front doors with a mischievous grin. “Are we settled? Cas, I promised these boys a fantastic meal.”
“Not yet, but I’m hoping sometime today. She was waiting for the owner to get back to her. I got to see the place yesterday. It’s perfect.”
That made him cringe. Fuck it. Labels were overrated anyway. They belonged to each other for now and that was what was important.
With his forefinger, Castiel traced a circle over the puckered outer ring of the hole.
“She’s Jack’s best friend,” Cas explained to Dean. “I’ve known her since she was two.”
“What makes you think we aren’t?”
Dean laughed. “Okay, brat. Honestly, I feel blessed to have you. When you picked out the angel ornament for the festival tree, I thought,
“I want to make love to you.” Cas saw the corners of Dean’s mouth lift and his heart soared.
This wasn’t the first time Dean had gone for a drive after something had gone wrong with Castiel. Fights (both arguments and knock-down dragged out brawls) and disappearances were the surface reasons he slid in the driver’s seat of Baby and hit the road. Deep down, he did it because he wasn’t at peace with himself. Every disturbance in the force left a mark on him in places that weren’t visible to the naked eye.
started, earning a smile of his own.
wasn’t a guarantee. What had happened in the twenty minutes since he replied to Dean’s text, which got him a
The Winchester patriarch did.
“Sorry, Jack,” Sam apologized. “You shouldn’t be dropped into the deep end like this.”
“Now I get why he changed his dang shirt three times,” Bobby groused to Sam, who chuckled.
“Either somebody has a sense of humor or it’s a coincidence. At least it’s off-season. No campers to worry about. Or killer mothers or men in hockey masks.”
When Cas had completed the tale of his and Kelly’s friendship, Dean stayed silent. He needed time to process everything he had heard. It was a truly lovely story and part of him envied Cas for having such a bond with someone till he realized he had that with Sam. The way his friend had described his and Kelly’s connection had made it alive to Dean. This was when it occurred to him it always will be. There was no jealousy at that. Just admiration.
“You did that?” Cas was astounded. No one ever had been willing to fight for him, potentially give up so much for him, like Dean.
Cas pulled back to look at him in surprise. “You do? Dean, you didn’t have to get me anything.”
It was a two-day drive from Savannah, Georgia, to the whimsically named Snow Falls, South Dakota, with a stopover in St. Louis, Missouri, for a decent meal and a hotel with a hot shower and a soft bed. Having been on the road for the past four months — wandering the highways in an extremely nice motorhome while performing for crowds of various sizes, either as headliners at smaller venues or opening acts for bigger draws in larger concert halls — should have made this road trip a horrible idea.
“Exactly. It’s not a no.” Cas kissed him once more. “Break a leg, love. You’re going to be amazing as always.”
“Nah, we can do that.” Dean’s voice hit a higher register he had no idea it had been capable of till now.
They shared a look and Dean’s heart tightened once more. He loved playing with his brother, always had. But Sam was right. In recent years, they had forgotten the joys of playing without their band, the two of them and the audience. This was the first step in correcting that mistake. If tomorrow night went as well as Dean suspected it would, he and Sam had already discussed bringing back acoustic shows to throw into the mix while they toured.
She needed a replacement band and had no candidates. Everyone she reached out to either wasn’t interested in spending the holiday in South Dakota on such short notice or was too expensive. Usually, Jody was able to court potential musicians over an extended period, entice them with the small town charm and Christmas spirit, then hand over a candy cane once they signed on the dotted line. This tended to happen in the summer when she had time to finesse her sales pitch. Early November had disappeared quickly and at that point, she could see Thanksgiving looming in the near distance; that damn turkey getting larger with each passing day.
“Okay. I just wanted to say I’ve been thinking about what you said — what you both said — and I would like another chance at sorting this out. Can you come back to the room? I–I’d like to hear more about this cottage Jess mentioned you were looking at. Maybe we can talk about that and other things? Cas is welcome, too.”
“What do you want us to be?” Dean had not been unprepared for this conversation. He had wondered more often of late should he ever be lucky enough to snag Castiel what would they be? Partners never sat well with him.
“I see you ditched the ugly Christmas sweater,” he observed.
There was something else niggling at him that couldn’t put his finger on.
*********
A quick glance to confirm what Cas said was true. Dean hadn’t even noticed, so taken he had been with the stately fir and his desire for a long winter’s nap. His attention snapped back to his boyfriend when he felt the box touch his palm. Cas led him over to the couch, the tree offering just enough illumination.
Relieved, a hearty laugh poured out of the angel.
She checked in on their daughter Claire, who was in the living room with Cas and Jack. The kids were talking about something, while Cas was barely paying attention. He fiddled with his fingers in his lap, an anxious expression on his face. His eyes met hers as she was blocking the front door. Not anxious. Excited.
.” Sam pointed at Dean. “He is the last person to latch onto someone and when he does? It’s pretty damn special. Dean doesn’t open up to just anyone. Hell, he usually pushes them away. Not you. My brother let you in like no other person aside from me. Even our parents don’t get all of him. But you, Cas? You will. It’s a rare gift. Don’t waste it.”
pretty good,” Dean had to admit.
“He does.” Cas nodded. “I told him when he was twelve. He had a family tree to do for school and was asking a lot of questions. He had been asking a little before then, so it wasn’t unexpected. It just seemed to be the best time to tackle it. Jack took it well enough once the tears and anger subsided. The topic’s never been raised since.”
Grabbing a felt angel that lay atop other similar decorations in the bin closest to him, Cas rolled his eyes. His lips quirked. “Let’s go, Sundance. We’re holding up the line.”
Cas smiled bashfully. “Right. No one has ever called me hot. Not to my face, anyway. I would normally just wave off such a nickname, not believing I’m worthy of it. This time, I won’t. I’ll just say … thank you.
That was until he saw the name of the street on which the house was located.
“The mayor thinks it’s cute.” Dean loved seeing how annoyed his baby brother was at this development. To Jody, he added, “He’s such a Grinch.”
“Anytime. I only make two a year since it’s so time consuming. Not convinced they’re works of art, but I’ll take the compliment.”
Words didn’t exist in Dean’s mind now. All he could do was nod, briefly smile, and book it upstairs to his room. He saw the look on Sam’s face as he passed him. There was no question he was going to hear about this for the rest of his life. Dean wanted nothing more than to lock himself in the suite and only come out when it was time to perform.
sense of humor. Fantastic father. Decent taste in music. His taste in men has gotten a hell of a lot better in the past few days. Oh and he owns this mountain lodge.”
It had been a dangerous mission. The three of them knew that going in, but it didn’t stop them. A nest of demons had been holed up in an old mansion in Coldwater, Kansas. Or at least they thought it had been solely demons. When they arrived, the truth was revealed. What should have been solely a cadre of upper-level demons was actually a cadre of upper-level demons and angels. They had started the rumors themselves, making sure word got back to the pair of hunters and their angelic friend.
The sheepish look on his face was all the answer the Winchesters needed.
Cas’ affinity for the festive season was just as strong as anyone’s. Or so he had thought until he saw Dean decked out in a black ugly Christmas sweater trimmed in red at the neck and wrists with two ornaments on the front, one red and one green. Written in calligraphy under the ornaments was the word “balls.” The musician had his arms open wide and wore a huge smile. He reminded Cas of ten-year-old Jack when it was time to decorate their tree. His son still had the same exuberance when it came to that activity.
“You’re on speaker,” he informed him in lieu of a greeting.
There was a warmth coming from his knee. A smile played on his lips. It grew wider when Dean squeezed the spot. Castiel placed a hand on top of the one Dean had on his knee while his free hand rubbed his lover’s back. That touch melted Dean, the tension ebbing from his shoulders allowing his posture to slacken. The angel pressed his lips to Dean’s temple and his man rested his head against Castiel’s.
He assured them they wouldn’t find a freakier holiday title unless they watch Jim Carrey as The Grinch.
“What’s going on?” Sam came over to the park bench where his brother and their manager were, a few feet from the pavilion where Scrapyard Dogs would play their all ages concert tomorrow afternoon.
“You do know how to make me blush.” Dean stole a kiss before returning to the stage and the cheers of the crowd.
“Demon seed.” Despite the surly look on his face, Castiel wrapped a hand around his boyfriend’s neck and pulled in for another kiss.
“Did you catch the name of that lake?” Disbelief flooded his features. “Figured we could make camp there for the night.”
“I need you, too, Dean.”
“Stop freaking out about my parents and go back to sleep. They won’t devour you, but I may if you don’t quit it.”
It killed him to see his friend like this. They both had killed friends, acquaintances, loved ones. Part of the job. The sucky part, but such was the life of a hunter and a rogue angel.
No one less than the esteemed mayor of Snow Falls herself brought Sam and Dean to this small town nestled in the Black Hills. She had a weeklong festival that was held annually in the days leading up to Christmas. Every year, a music act was booked to play a few shows and participate in the town festivities. This year would be bigger than usual as the big day fell on a Friday, which meant Snow Falls would have two weekends bookending the festival. The event ran officially from December eighteenth through the twenty-fourth with bonus activities planned for December twenty-six through twenty-seven. Christmas was the one day during this period where the town was essentially quiet.
“Spoken like someone who has scrimped, saved, and worked hard to carve out a good life for his family,” Cas observed quietly. “I do understand what you’re saying, John. I just don’t condone the behavior. Reservations are one thing. Risking the love and respect of your children is another.”
Then again, maybe he already had.
Can never tell which one he wants to share the sleigh with: Barbara Stanwyck or the guy.”
“I worked it out with Sam and Bobby a few weeks ago, but I wanted to wait to surprise you. Jack knows. Made sure to check with him that he would want me tagging along on such a huge moment. I would have been cool had he wanted it to be the two of you. Plus, this allows Sammy to take a much needed vacation somewhere tropical with Jess.”
“Where are your guests, Cas? For a bustling mountain lodge in a popular Christmas town, it seems pretty thin on the ground.”
“Hey!”
us by the time you’re ready for the big dirt nap,” Dean added.
“Do you have one of those sweaters, Sam?”
At six-thirty precisely, the doorbell rang. Jody was being shooed out of the kitchen by her wife Donna Hanscum, who preferred her hours spent ensuring the meal she was preparing was delectable and delicious and not inadvertently ruined by the love of her life. While Jody excelled in several subjects, cooking was not among them. Neither was gardening, but that was neither here nor there.
“Perhaps, I did,” Cas had told Jack while they stood in the kitchen waiting for the first bag of popcorn to finish cooking. “I certainly hope so.”
“You weren’t an ass. Or maybe you were, I don’t know.” Cas cast his eyes down. “I just don’t like feeling like I did something wrong when I'm pretty sure I didn’t.”
The graduation ceremony had been held outside that evening at the football stadium of Snow Falls High School with overcast skies. On the field had sat the senior class in their caps and gowns. School officials had taken their seats on the stage in front of them along with the valedictorian and salutatorian, while family members had populated the stands.
“Hey, Dean.”
Jack had grown listless, a sure sign it was time for the Kline-Novak family to bid their loved ones farewell. He only got that way when he was very tired. Dean also had been ready to go as the adrenaline that had fueled him post-concert had worn off about thirty minutes ago. Factor in the emotional rollercoaster the day had been and it was amazing they all had lasted as long as they had. Cas had no intention of arguing about ending the night. His bed was calling him and he had his own Christmas morning plans to adhere to, as well.
"Idjit"bobby chuckled and dean and sam laughed
"You can stay in my apartment" dean chuckled
Sam looked around and then dean noticed emmanuel/castiel walking over. He was wearing a white shirt which was pretty much showing all of the muscles in his arms, chest and shoulders.
"he was a wonderful man. He was damaged and a little broken but he was incredible. He gave everything he had to the people he loved most. He also lost a lot too and never belived he deserved anything that he had"
Castiel nodded. The man seemed to relax.
-----
"Man. You're freezing"the man said as he opened his car door. "How long have you been outside?"
"His fiance?"dean asked
"Yeah. Listen. You know how yesterday you told me that you feel different with me"
They both chuckled. "Come on"dean said as he patted castiel's back.
"I'm not sorry for kissing you"emmanuel smiled
Dean: hey, are we doing a bad thing by doing this?
"Yeah I feel the same"
Dean: hi Emmanuel.
Cas pulled dean forwards to kiss him again.
"Do I know you?"the man asked
"Well you know me now. We're friends right?"
Dean stood up and so castiel did the same.
Dean came into the kitchen ten minutes later. He was wearing dark blue jeans, a black vest and then a plaid shirt which wasn't buttoned up and the sleeves were rolled up his forearms.
Dean grinned "are you asking me out?"emmanuel looked uncomfortable so Dean cleared his throat "I'm sorry that was inappropriate. No I don't have girlfiend. It's just me, Sam, Bobby and the family business"
Dean unfolded his arms and pushed himself up of the truck but stayed stood by it. Emmanuel was stood close to dean and was half smiling at him.
Dean layed in his bed. He had gotten emmanuel/castiels number. It was actually emmanuel who insisted that he give dean his number just in case.
"To invite me over tomorrow"
"Really"
"I mean as friends you idjit"
"Are you crazy!?"the man yelled as he asked
"She was a fast machine. She kept her motor clean. She was the best Damn woman that I ever seen. She had the sight less eyes. Telling me no lies. Knockin' me out with those American thighs"cas sang to dean softly "taking more than her share. Had me fightin' for air. She told me to come but I was already there"
Dean: make sure you delete these texts. Don't want your bride to be seeing them.
"Stop dean"
"Hmm. How is dean coping with that?"
"Where are we?"castiel asked
He walked in and saw emmanuel sat over in the corner. He walked over to him smiling. Emmanuel noticed him and smiled up at him.
"Who cares?"
"Okay. It so nice to meet you"daphne smiled and shook Deans hand "are you ready to pay babe, we have to get this barbeue ready?"
"yeah but, you're not a typical angel. You have emotions, fear, pain, happiness, sadness, guilt, joy, pleasure, you name it, ive seen it on you"
"Listen dean. We know. I've been watching you with cas for years. The way you feel about him is written all over your face"
"What do I say to him?"Castiel asked
All of them spent the day together watching TV and fixing up a few cars. Dean tended to 'baby' for a while.
All of them sat down and started eating their burgers. They talked a lot about their life, telling emmanuel lots of stories of prank wars.
Cas tood up and walked to danny. He hovered his hand over his head to heal him. danny took a deep breath and sat up.
"Did your girlfriend think we were sleeping together?"
"That's good to hear. Poor jet"
"There's a ball in the city. I would like to go"castiel replied and balthazar smiled.
"Hello there"emmanuel smiled
-----
"Are you ready to leave now castiel?"balthazar asked, snapping castiel out of his thoughts.
"Okay dean. Thank you" cas replied
"Bobby used to tell me that family doesn't end in blood. Doesn't start there either"
As balthazar walked to the coat closet castiel turned to look at the dance floor. Dean was holding onto lisa, one hand on her hip and the other holding her hand. They were swaying softly, then lisa kissed Dean and castiel felt a surge of jealousy. He couldn't have dean, he knew, but it didn't stop it hurting.
"she said that she can help him"cas said "she said that she wants to help him and that he can fall in love again"
Dean had picked up emmanuel and they drove to a diner to get some burgers and pie and then they drove to Bobby's house. On the way they started listening to music and dean turned it up.
"That easily?"
"Then go and show him"
Dean pulled dannys arm around and then pushed his lips to his. It was just a simple kiss. No passion, no emotion, just a simple kiss. Dean pulled away and then danny stared at him in shock. Danny then smiled and tried to kiss dean again, but dean moved away.
"Your car is a she?"
"and I will not tell you again"
"Yeah you are. But angel or not, your family, don't you dare think we only need you for your mojo okay?" dean demanded rather than asked
When dean returned he had some toast in his hands which he put down in front of castiel and onto the table.
Dean opened the door to the room and stepped inside. Castiel followed closely behind.
"It just kind of stuck. I just kept calling her that"
Emmanuel: I don't think so. I was too focused on the handsome guy that was straddling my lap, I can't remember who he was, have you seen by any chance?
"What happened to you?"
Sam patted Dean's back
Emmanuel nodded.
A few days later emmanuel was doing shopping and he asked Dean to join him. They went to the nearest store. Dean grabbed a shopping cart and when the Isle was empty he lifted his feet up and wheeled down the Isle. Emmanuel laughed at him.
Emmanuel: of course not.
He didn't know anything about this man. Other than that his green eyes shone so bright, the stars would be jealous of their sparkle. He didn't even the man's name, that was something he would ask in the morning. It didn't take long for sleep to take over him as he finally stopped shivering.
"You must be dean's brother?"emmanuel asked and held out his hand to shake
The man smiled and nodded before leaving the room. Castiel usually wouldn't have gone to the strangers house but he had nowhere else and he was freezing.
Dean: doesn't matter.
"Will you two stop arguing. You're like an old married couple"bobby sighed
"yes. Who are you"
"Well hello"dean smiled as they pulled apart
"That's why we are here...remember?"
The man disappeared out of the room and castiel pushed the blanket off his shoulders. He then took the jacket off and put it beside him. He then took off his shows and socks, they were so wet that they made a small puddle on the floor.
They stared at each other again. Dean seemed to realise how close they were stood because he cleared his throat nervously and looked away whilst removing his hand.
"Do you have a wife dean?"
Emmanuel nodded his head.
"okay. I guess we should save all of our energy for tonight"
He moved his hand and then grabbed Deans.
"Your right. I just miss you when you're gone"
"What are you talking about?"
"Are you jealous?"
"What is that?" dean asked smiling
"What are you hoping will come from this dean?"bobby asked
"Hey, watch this"he said before belly flopping on the bed
"Thank you"
"you should be asleep"cas said
Emmanuel turned to dean on the bench. Deans eyes were watering.
"if dean Winchester kisses danny"
"Sure"bobby replied
"I want to kiss you"emmanuel's reply was more of a whisper.
"This is beautiful car"emmanuel smiled as he looked around baby.
He put the Pineapple in his basket and looked to his right to get some more fruit. He saw a man dressed in light blue fairly tight jeans. He was also wearing a dark blue sweater over a white button up shirt.
Dean returned and picked up his coffee once more.
"We really do"daphne smiled back
"Why?"
Dean took a step to emmanuel and held his wrist. Emmanuel looked up at him and also took a step closer. They both stared into each others eyes. Emmanuel took dean hands from his wrist and locked their fingers together. Both of them smiled and then dean put his hand on the side of emmanuel's face. Emmanuel jumped forwards and kissed Dean.
Dangling my toes out over the ledge
Dean nodded again"im sorry"
Sam sighed "After cas walked out of the lake, with no memories. She took him in, fed him, gave him clothes and she let him move in with her. She asked him to marry her and he said yes. Dean doesn't think that emmanuel/cas loves daphne"
"It's daphne. I'm emmanuel's fiance"daphne shook sam's hand
Dean nodded. He and emmanuel kept walking down the Isles, dean spotted a bed on display.
"Balthazar told me the same thing"castiel said, his voice quieter than he expected "I broke up with him too"
Sam nodded and he dragged dean to the table where the wine glasses were. Dean picked a glass and drank some fairly quickly. Sam watched him.
"Oh"Castiel sensed deans discomfort "Where is sam?"
"Lawrence"dean replied
"Well it's cas alright. Just with no memories"sam replied
It's dark that all he knew. Heavy rain poured down on him, his suit and trench coat were heavy with the weight of the rain water. Rain had gotten in his shoes and every step he took makes a strange squelching sound. His hair was so wet that strands were stuck to his forehead and the water were dripping down into his eyes.
One picture was of the man who's apartment he was in, it looked like he was maybe 20 years old in th photo, definitely younger that he was now. He was with an older man, the man had a brown an grey coloured beard and they had their arms over each other's shoulders.
An hour later dean and emmanuel decided they should clean the kitchen before daphne returned. Emmanuel tried to tell dean that he would do it but dean wanted to stay.
"remove it. I don't see why you are doing this. What goes does it do you to have this man be in love with dean Winchester?"
"Dean. Are you okay?"sam asked
Castiel kept eating for the next few minutes.
"Are you okay?"he asked
Whilst dean was gone castiel washed his cup and then started drying it with a towel.
Dean sighed and sat back at the table but next to Bobby this time.
"yeah that's...that's nice... listen man"
"It is about the wedding?"emmanuel asked
It took twenty minutes for castiel to get to deans apartment block. Then another five minutes to get enough courage to walk inside.
"This truck used to be Bobby's friends. He died so Bobby took the car and renovated it in his memory"dean explained
"Oh yeah that's it"dean laughed
Dean looked over at emmanuel and laughed. Emmanuel caught his eye and laughed softly.
"You okay dean?"bobby asked
"Dean Winchester"dean said and shook her hand
Castiel looked over at him and forced a smile "Oh no. I'm fine"
So castiel took off his trousers and underwear. Then he put on the plaid black and sky blue pyjamas the man had given him. He sat with his legs crossed on the sofa and his fingers linked together in his lap.
"Me and daphne had a nice talk. You sound like you have a nice little life here"sam smiled
"yes"
"I am so happy that you remember who you are because we've had some amazing moments haven't we? Even though you don't have any of the memories before the lake. We've had a lot of fun now but me and you cas, we're each others dirty little secret"
"I taught I could get cas back and now I've lost him for good"
"Yeah. This is our engament party. I thaught it was weird that he asked you to be here. No offence of course it's just that he only met you yesterday is all"
Dean groaned and sat down at a table on his own.
Emmanuel nodded as he looked at dean "daphne said that God braught me to her. She calls me an angel"
"he wont be here for too long cas, don't worry buddy"dean patted his shoulder
"yes. We are hunter, we know you're a witch. You're not going to curse another person"dean said
"He said he and Emmanuel had a fall out and Emmanuel walked out, now Dean's upset because I think he's realised he not getting that damn angel back"
"No Dean. You just called me cas and it felt right" emmanuel grabbed deans hands" it feels like me. Emmanuel isn't me now. I want those memories back Dean"
"Yet you were expecting me?"cas asked as he took the bottle
"Not giving up on me when I didn't know who I was"
"I just want him to know that I'm sorry. I want him to keep living this life, I don't want you to get him to remember anymore sam"
"I never said I did. I visit here quite a lot actually" cas replied
"Its...uh..its complicated"
"That would have up be highway to hell"emmanuel joked and both of them laughed
"Yeah.....wierd"Dean replied and looked down at Emmanuel's lips picked his own then faced back to the burger in his hands.
Emmanuel: well I am wise
Castiel nodded. Dean moved aside to let him into the apartment. Jet stood at castiel's feet wagging his tail so he stroked him quickly then followed dean into the kitchen.
"Go to him castiel"balthazar said with a smile
"hmm. I love a man who takes control"she smirked at cas
Cas, sam and Bobby all walked to the shed where the old pick up truck where he and dean had their first real kiss. He asked Sam and Bobby to help him set up some lights and a blanket, then some picnic food in a basket.
Let me worry about it*
"There is absolutely nothing on TV dude"dean sighed
"I could wait at a diner whilst you are gone or something"castiel suggested
"Why?"
"Didn't it all happen on Fridays at 11 pm each incident?"
Emmanuel: daphne is asleep
Emmanuel nodded and began eating his burger.
"couldn't sleep. Just wanted to talk to you"dean said
Dean was in the shower and castiel was looking through the TV channels. Dean had shown him how to work it. He'd also cleaned castiel clothes and now he was wearing his suit pants and dress shirt as he sat cross legged on couch with his left elbow on his knee and his chin on his hand.
"Dean!"bobby yelled
Dean smiled and then led them both back to the living room. He stopped in front of the shelves and castiel stood to his right side.
"He was special yeah. He wasn't just a friend he was family. Nothing more important than that"dean said
Dean: that's a happy winky face.
"I'm castiel. Castiel novak"
"Cas"
"Put those on and I'll be back with some towels"he said before leaving again
Dean laughed "I'll just...urr....get dressed then I'll get it out of here"
Cas walked to the witch and picked her up by her arm. All of them walked out of the diner and then down an alleyway beside it. Cas had hold of the witch by her arm still. Dean and sam were stood near to them, danny was stood right behind dean, he put his fingers through deans.
*Pick up all the pieces you left*
Dean: wondering if you wanted to hang out
"She had the sight less eyes. Telling me no lies. Knocking me out with those American thighs"dean smiled as he sang and rubbed his thigh. Emmanuel laughed with him as he sang "taking more than her share. Had me fighting for air "dean sang and clutches his chest "she told me to come but I was already there"
Emmanuel quick walked to the door of the bar.
"Emmanuel could I maybe talk to your fiance?"sam asked
"Alright...goodnight cas"dean said as he walked away. Dean turned around and smiled before closing the door.
He and dean both went to the vets to pick deans dog, jet up.
Dean nodded and sighed. He took a drink of his beer and sat up with cas so he could explain.
"Beers?"he asked
Castiel at his toast in silence. He could hear dean moving around and tidying up, then he could hear the soft hum of the washing machine. Dean returned and sat down at the table near to castiel.
Both of them looked at each other for longer than necessary just like cas used to with dean.
"Hello"he smiled "Im glad you all came"
As the conversation ended cas returned. He opened the door and sat at the table with sam. He handed sam a box full of salad and a bottle of water. He got out a pie for dean and put it on the table. He then got out deans bottle of water. He then got up and took both of them to dean.
"Dean.."
"Dean?"castiel asked as they walked
Dean got up on the hood of the impala with cas. They sat close to each other. So close that their shoulders touched.
"yes she did"
The next day all three guys got ready to go to diner and meet the witch. They stayed in their normal clothes so that they didn't look suspicious. They got to the diner and sat down at the front. Dean sat in the middle with cas to his right and sam to his left. Dean ordered a burger for him and sam. They got to diner at 09:58pm and the witch arrived at 10:20pm.
Dean: so I'm your go2 huh?
"Yeah. Daphne is waiting for me too"
*And when my eyes are closed
"we always say that. That's when it turned out to be a bad hunt. You jinxed us"
Emmanuel: I will do dean. ;)
They started moving to the music slowly. Both not looking away from each others eyes.
Dean stared at emmanuel for a long time. Emmanuel was playing with his hands. "I don't remember my life before walking out of that lake. Yet every day with you turns me into a different person"
"It's nice to meet you. Do you know him baby?"the woman held tightly around Emmanuel's waist and dean felt that hint of jealousy. Even though he should'nt this wasn't cas, it can't be cas.
"Dean invited me to spend some time with you all and meet your friend bobby"emmanuel replied
"Oh dean"bobby said quickly
Castiel laughed softly. "Are you sure this is okay?"
Dean: I'll be there in ten minutes
Cas looked up and then unclenched his jaw. He walked to the table and sat back down.
"Yeah. Why?"
Emmanuel: what is that face?
"You're sad"balthazar said
Dean and emmanuel both clicked their glasses together. Dean started telling him about funny stories. He told a few about him and sam. Stories about Bobby, his friends. Told a few stories about cas too, he hopes that would help emmanuel remember, but it didn't. They just talked for hours and ended up fairly drunk. Emmanuel maybe more than dean, because dean was used to the drink whereas emmanuel was not.
"He's good now"dean smiled widely
"well first of all she was a he"
Both he and sam hugged cas and then drove away in Bobby's truck.
Cas moved back and pressed his forehead to Deans.
"What was his name?"emmanuel asked
"Did I know you dean?"
"Not often. Just when I want to talk. It's nothing to do with you sam"
"Anyone would think you listen to this song a lot"dean laughed and moved closer to emmanuel
"No. You should be angry with me, I ruined your wedding"
was all dean could think. Dean didn't notice he was fully staring at the man until he turned around and dean could see his face it cant be. The man made eye contact with dean.
"what did he look like. Wastnt better than me was he?"dean laughed as he asked
"My brother went through a bad time a few tears back. He said that he had demons in his head and they were hurting him. He got this tattoo because he said it stops the demons from possessing you. I got it too...not to stop the demons but to show him that I'm there, you know? I'm there to help and we can face the demons together"half of deans mouth turned up "He's so much better now. He's a good man"
"Ready?"he asked
Emmanuel: I like that one ;D
"No. It wasn't love. You didn't ruin a real wedding, you stopped a fake one"cas smiled "besides it took two of us to tango"
Has always left me feeling stuck inbetween*
Dean: do you want to come and meet my friend Bobby tomorrow. You could come here and we could have a few beers, you know, now we are friends and all.
"Are you alright?"dean asked panting
"Thank you dean"
Emmanuel: of course
Castiel forced a smile and nodded. He waved quickly to dean and jet and then he and balthazar turned to walk away and out of the building.
"Of course"
-----
He sat down next to him and emmanuel pushed a plate with a slice of pie over to him.
"Cas"
Dean took a sip of his coffee and made a happy sound "this is great" he went to take another sip but his house phone rang so Dean walked to the living room to answer it.
This man is cas.
Emmanuel tried to close the door but dean stopped him.
"Yeah. That's jet"dean said proudly as he pointed to the picture "took that picture the day we got him, he's 7 years old now"
"What does she do?"
"I could tell you whole lot. I could tell you how and why each star was placed in the sky. I could tell you what it was like when people first heard voices through the telephone. I could tell you how the bees talk to each other using body movements" cas explained
"Right"dean sighed
"Oh dean you made it. Is this your brother?"daphne asked
"Dean!"emmanuel yelled as he pushed dean back. "I am getting married in three weeks! Who do you think you are!?"
"dean you should do it to get rid of this stupid curse, im sick of him following you around like a puppy with its tongue out. Its worse than putting up with you cas having constant eye sex"sam mumbled the last part but dean heard what he said
"Because I found something much more beautiful" cas smiled
Castiel and balthazar spent hours walking around the city. The saw a movie, got hot dogs and walked through the park, the fee the ducks at the pond. Balthazar didn't give castiel the same feeling as dean did. Dean made his heart race and his hands twitch. It's never been like that with balthazar.
"What am I supposed to do sam?"dean sniffed
cas turned more to face dean.
"You have five minutes dean"
The next picture was of a small dog, which was a white coloured Staffordshire Bull terrier. The dog was a puppy and it was lied on its back as the picture was taken.
"Sam...can you wait in the car please?"
"So he called the truck Rufus too?"
"See you tomorrow"
"No, this is an illusion. If I took you to Venus, you would die" cas replied
"Think you can hold the window open for me?"dean asked
The man returned and smiled softly as he looked at castiel. He handed castiel a red towel which he used to wipe his face and hair. The man used another towel to wipe the hardwood flooring where castiel's shoes had made a puddle.
The next morning dean went downstairs and started making breakfast. Sam and Bobby were already back after picking up a new car for Bobby to try and restore. They came back whilst dean was making breakfast and sat at the table. Dean was making bacon sandwiches. He smiled widely as he handed sam and Bobby the sandwiches. Then he turned on the radio as they all ate.
Dean smiled Then leaned down and kissed emmanuel. Emmanuel moved his hand and accidently put it in the pie. He held it up and looked at in shock, dean laughed at him and the emmanuel rubbed his hand on Deans face getting cherry all over him.
Daphne ran out of the room. Emmanuel still hadn't turned around to look at dean, sam or Bobby.
"what is it?"
"Dean"
-----
Dean walked past castiel and then he waited outside of the living room door for dean to return and get the potion out. Five minutes later dean did return. He was now wearing grey sweat pants and an AC/DC T-shirt.
"Everything alright?"dean asked
Dean: I just hunt ducks nothing major. And I won't tell her, wouldn't want her to kill me now would we.
"oh"danny smiled as he saw dean "you want to join me on the bed here big guy?"
Sam noticed the way Deans eyes lingered on emmanuel/castiel as he laughed. That made sam smile even more. He's watched dean pine and long over cas for a long time. Then he watched dean grieve over losing him to the leviathan. Now it's like he's watching dean fall in love all over again. He knew though, this would end in sadness and heartbreak. Because cas didn't know who he really is but dean does. If emmanuel ever returned Deans love it wouldn't be real because it's not cas and dean was in love with cas. Dean didn't even have to tell sam or bobby that for them to see it in the man's eyes, it's the same thing they saw in cas' eyes too.
"I am sorry about your parents"castiel put his hand on Deans bicep
"Do you drink?"dean asked
Dean cried heavily so bobby hugged him.
Both balthazar and lisa looked at at dean and castiel to see if that was okay. They both smiled and nodded.
"Dean! Emmanuel will never feel the same. He's engaged, he's in love with daphne and he's going to marry her. You are just throwing yourself a heartbreak"
Dean: yes please
Emmanuel had to leave quickly afterwards so daphne didn't suspect anything. Dean hated having to hide their relationship
"It's this whole thing. Metatron and all the things he's done to us, to you, he took your Damn grace" dean said
"So what did you mean when you said daphne saved you?"
emmanuel didn't reply for a while and dean was biting his thumb as he waited for a reply. Sam was sat with him on the sofa and was watching dean bite his thumbnail and stare at the floor.
"I'm just going to go and fix the couch up and put your clothes in the machine. I'll be five minutes"dean said and left the room
Dean: hey. Are you busy?
Dean smiled so wide. The lines formed at the sides of his eyes, dimples showed up next to deans lips.
"Castiel? That is a nice name. He meant to lot to you three?"
"Are you alright dean?"bobby asked
Dean got up and walked out of the house and then drove to the diner.
"I don't understand what's happening. Cas died. We saw him walk into that late. How did you even see him today?"sam asked and sighed
"Was dean happy?"
"She was a fast machine. She kept her motor clean. She was the best Damn woman that I ever seen"dean sang
"Yeah. This is sam. Sam this is....i never even got your name"
Emmanuel: that would be nice. Yes. I have to visit daphne parents in the morning so in the afternoon?
"Are they seriously playing this right now?"dean laughed
Cas pulled dean by his hand to the car shed. Dean walked in and saw all the lights.
"Do you miss him?"
"There is nowhere for me to go"he answered and the man sighed
"I cant break the curse. Only one thing can break it"
Cas didn't say anything he just stood beside dean and smiled.
dean shook his head at his thaughts.
Castiel was shocked. He did not expect that. He expected to tell dean his feelings and then get shot down. "Oh"
They stared at each other, smiling softly. Castiel glanced at Deans lips and leaned forwards ever so slightly. Dean leaned too but then turned away.
the song used in this chapter is called 'you save me by kenny chesney' the lyrics can be foudn inside the ** marks.
"I just.."sam sighed "what do you want to come of apologising?"
"Do you know what the sunset looks like from Venus?"cas asked
He looked at his phone and emmanuel had text back. He smiled and read it.
Dean was sat on his motel bed. Sam was sat at the table doing some research on his laptop. Cas had gone out to get all of them some food.
"Yes he did, however I am fine. I did okay as a human, Though I much prefer being an angel. I am more useful that way" cas replied
Castiel was too tired to argue with the man with bright green eyes so he complied. He pulled his coat and blazer off and then the man took them away and threw them into the car. He then handed cas a large leather jacket which castiel put on and then a blanket which he wrapped around his shoulders.
"angels are not programmed to feel love. They are not programmed to have emotions at all really"
Dean bopped his head to the music as he ate his burger. Then he felt sam and Bobby's eyes on him.
Dean leaned down and kissed cas. It felt like it was the first even though they kissed many times before. It was like their first proper kiss as dean and castiel
Dean and sam arrive at the address in the impala. They parked out the front and dean took a deep breath.
"No"dean sighed and moved his hands from his face and crossed them on the table "I saw cas"
Castiel was still shaking as the man opened the door and gently led him inside. He looked around and little but couldn't notice much as he was being led to the couch.
Dean spun him again and then they moved together around the circle that was created for them in the centre.
"Right now yeah"dean replied
Dean watched the leave and then walked as quick as he could to the checkout. He had to hurry back to Bobby and tell them about cas..emmanuel...cas....emmanuel/cas.
Lisa and balthazar shook hands. "Would you like to dance?"lisa asked balthazar
"You are not making me dance to this"
"You know who you are?"sam asked as he walked in the kitchen and also sat with them
"See you tomorrow"emmanuel replied and he and Daphne walked away.
The pigeon was sat on the table, cooing softly as it tilted it head and looked around everywhere. Castiel slowly crept to the window and held it open. Dean crept up to the pigeon and when the bird was focused on castiel, dean lunged forwards and grabbed it. It couldn't struggle because dean held its wings down. He walked to the window with it and then held his hands open. The pigeon flew out imedietly and castiel closed the window.
"Maybe. What are you suggesting?
Emmanuel hugged dean which took him by surprise. After they pulled apart they both just looked at each other.
"Nice to meet you"balthazar and dean shook hands "Thank you for looking after castiel"
It didn't take long until the pie was made and he put it in the oven to bake. He sat at the table to wait for it. Jet sat at his side and castiel stroked his head.
"I haven't been much help anyway. You and your sister do most of it"
**Or when I'm a fugitive ready to run, all wild-eyed and crazy**
“Absolutely.”
He winked in Cas’ direction. The gesture was much appreciated. Cas mouthed
Dean had slid his hand in Cas’, pulling him toward the tree. His head in the moment, Cas joined in his friend’s hunt for the perfect spot to hang their ornaments. When they had it, they handed the angel and the plastic drum with sticks at the ready to the man in the cherry picker. The men watched as he hung them exactly where they had indicated.
“So, you’re saying Cas is my reward for clawing my way to accepting and embracing my true self? Because I’m good with that.”
His host relaxed at the clarification. “Yes. It seemed like a win-win. Help Jody and give Jack a chance to breathe the same air as one of his favorite bands. I just prayed you weren’t total douchebags.”
Their food arrived and just in time as Cas was starving. He was pleased to hear the notes of satisfaction from everyone as they dug into their meals. While they ate, the other couples inquired about joining one of the nature tours with Sam and Jess wanting to get in on the three-hour morning edition and John and Mary opting for the two-hour afternoon excursion.
“Well, two out of three ain’t bad.” Dean grinned.
Now though, he unexpectedly had allowed love to find its way inside. Things were different with Dean. There was nothing insincere about the spiky musician. Even Jack liked him, which was a change of pace. His son was his biggest protector. Jack hadn’t shown much interest in Cas’ love life — mostly because one didn’t exist — but when he did go out on the odd date, his father suspected his lack of curiosity was because he knew nothing would come of it.
A sad smile passed over his lips. “I hope so. I kind of miss him.”
Once the foursome of Dean, Cas, Sam, and Jessica were inside John and Mary’s suite, it had been apparent from the off that this would be an actual conversation instead of another showdown. John had greeted them warmly though his stoic demeanor was visible. Dean had seen he was open to getting to know Cas and his intentions. For all his bluster and pride, John loved his sons dearly. The last thing he wanted was for them to get hurt and in his mind, it wouldn’t be a stretch to believe that someone would target them for their money.
A wince scrunched up Dean’s features when he heard how groggy his brother sounded. Kid must have passed out the second his head hit the pillow.
That didn’t mean Dean and Benny had an easy time of it. A few years older than Dean, Benny had been patient and supportive of him while Dean processed his acceptance of his sexuality. Benny stood by him when Dean came out to his parents, who also had known for years that their son wasn’t straight. They had simply waited for him to decide when he wanted to “share your truth,” as Mary had put it.
“Point taken,” he told Dean. Looking at Cas, he added, “I’m sorry if I misjudged the situation. I tend to take a darker view when my sons bring home a partner. Especially one they care about as much as Dean obviously does with you. They’ve worked so hard for what they’ve achieved, Cas. I know it’s not the money that’s important, but it is in its own way.”
With a lopsided grin, Cas positioned himself between Dean’s legs and breached him with one finger. He leaned forward, stealing a kiss as a gasp escaped his lover’s lips. Dean kept him in place, kissing him with passionate longing. Cas rocked his finger in and out of Dean’s channel as he opened him up, Dean whimpering all along.
Then again, the blush that creeped up Cas’ neck to his cheeks was such a lovely shade on him that perhaps he was going the right pace after all.
Christmas Eve arrived with overcast skies and the promise of more snow, though the forecasters were debating how much, if any, of the white powder would arrive. The timetable had it arriving along with Santa Claus and his sleigh packed with presents should the front keep its present course.
After spending twenty minutes admiring the small area set aside for their show, as well as the partially decorated Blue Spruce that stood at sixty-five feet and had been delivered two weeks ago as per tradition, the trio headed to the venue where their all-ages gig would be held. Forty thousand lights were strung around the tree with plenty of decorations available and ready to be hung. There were people gathered to select an ornament before handing it off to a worker to hang in the best spot.
Cas fell into a “getting to know you” discussion with John, Mary, and Ellen, which dovetailed into Christmas traditions and memories that had everyone at the table participating. Their howls of laughter greeted Dean, Sam, Jo, and Bobby when they finally arrived close to midnight.
No one had wanted to break up the party, but fatigue had started to hit their group one by one around one-thirty. Bobby and Ellen were the first to bail along with Jo (“They’re my ride,” she shrugged), but they wished everyone a merry Christmas as it was officially December twenty-fifth and promised to see everyone at Jody and Donna’s later.
“Sam or Bobby?” Jody had filled Cas in on her interactions with the brothers’ manager.
They cursed and said each other’s names. Cas’ hand moved from Dean’s shoulder to his nape, an intimate move that was enough to undo Dean. His release felt so damn good as cum streamed over Cas’ hand while spraying Dean’s stomach. He was near tears from how sensitive his cock was as Cas’ movement slowed and the knowledge of how near the edge Cas must be.
“Yeah, well.” Dean cleared his throat, blinking away his own unshed tears, and willing his heart to relax. “We’re only here through Christmas. Don’t start planning the wedding just yet.”
“It is. It’s all real, Cas. I guarantee you that.”
“Not too different, I’m guessing,” Cas teased. “Strip club Dean is still in there.”
like the last time. Dean is not him. Bal was a narcissistic prick, who took advantage of your good nature. He wasn’t a boyfriend. He was a mistake. You learned more from him than you realize.”
His phone rang that night after Jack had gone to bed. Jody refused to take no for an answer as she had sent Cas a few texts after he had left her at the front desk earlier. Her persistence made him smile. Even if he didn’t want to talk about Dean Winchester and his own confused feelings, he suspected it would be healthier if he didn’t keep everything bottled up.
When his phone buzzed, Dean had nearly ignored it until he remembered it might be the Realtor. The call was short, but as he had told his parents, the news had been good. He and Cas kissed in celebration. Then, Dean nuzzled his favorite spot on Cas’ neck as his man held him tight.
The eighteen-year-old beamed at the newcomers, running a hand through his blond hair to sweep back an errant lock that had fallen over his eye.
Now, the Harvelle women joined the town and its visitors, some of whom had traveled hundreds of miles, to witness this magical night.
“I can eat.” Dean patted his stomach over his navy blue parka, the bright sun not knocking the chill out of the air. The temperature was in the low-to-mid-thirties.
“Do you two need a chaperone?” Jack stood in the entrance way to the living room near the stairs, a lock of blond hair had fallen over his eye.
The quiet was beginning to unnerve him. Cas had left the Winchesters and Jessica at lunch almost an hour ago and the lack of communication from Dean ratcheted up his fear that everything had gone from pretty damn perfect to perfect disaster. He didn’t want to cause discord between Dean and his family yet couldn’t shake the feeling that he had. A dispirited sigh blew out of him as he sat at his desk inside his office at the lodge.
“Go right ahead,” Dean tells him, injecting as much acceptance and support into that as he can. “We’re all here for you, freaky angel eyes and all.”
“You look like you’re hurting,” Sam says. “Here, just let me help you to your room, okay? Dean has to help me sometimes after a hunt.”
“We fucked you over completely, didn’t we?”
“How likely is it she knows Cas’ own language better than he does?” Sam asks. “And Cas hasn’t got anything concrete.”
“We’ll meet you,” Sam says. “No. Stay there. We’ll come to you.”
He didn’t though. He left Cas outside that damn place he worked and told him to stick out the human life, that Dean was proud of him. He even managed to sound like he meant it.
In the wake of Cas’ outburst, Dean rocks back on his feet, blinking like he can’t quite believe what just happened. Sam wasn’t there when Cas went Terminator on Dean, but the way his brother wouldn’t speak about it afterwards, beyond the bare bones, has left an impression. Form the look on Cas’ face, Naomi certainly never got to wipe that incident.
Beth’s words strike him, shattering some of the panic. Yes. Panic. That’s what he’s feeling. He hates it, hates that he knows the shapes and textures and colours of things like panic, of emotional pain.
The pause before Sam answers is painful. Dean makes himself breathe through it.
His human eyes stay fixed on the screen.
“No. You said ‘something’,” Val says, fixing Sam with a look that says she isn’t letting this go. “Are you talking about some new drug? Wait.” She turns to Cas, who looks startled. “You haven’t taken any of this shit, have you? The ketamine’s bad enough.”
Before Dean could lay into Bela for praising demons bent on making Dean into a cult leader, Sam spoke up.
“Your eyes,” Beth says, and hears Val move, hears her stand and step closer. “They’re literally glowing blue. Is that an angel thing?”
********************
Now that he looked, Cas’ Grace must have healed up that wound, because Cas’ stomach was whole and flat and toned.
He sighs, and his fingers still.
“I’m fine.”
“You never did tell us your name.”
There’s another ripple in the air and Cas staggers. Dean fires a shot before he can process anything more than Cas is in danger, and the soft, encompassing explosion of pressure that follows knocks Dean back.
The last words finally bring Cas’ head around so he’s looking at Sam properly. He looks like he isn’t sure what emotion he’s meant to be having, so he’s trying out several at once. It looks painful.
“So,” she says, rubbing her free index finger over the back of Cas’ hands, “do you have a halo to go with the wings?”
“Dean, I’ll do what I can. He’s my family, too. But if Cas doesn’t want to see you then you’ve got to back off, all right?”
Sam sees panic swim into Cas’ eyes and moves in quickly.
The look Cas gave him almost made him retract the question. Still, Cas had a habit of throwing himself into things which were only going to hurt him. Sam at least had to ask.
“Fuck.”
“And you, what, you’ve been trying to stop this Rit Zien from attacking people here? That’s…wait.” Sam does touch him then, placing one hand on Castiel’s forearm, like he wants to be sure Castiel can’t go anywhere. “Cas, tell me you haven’t been taking drugs to stop some killer angel from going after people in this town. That’s not the reason. Tell me.”
“Yes, Dean?”
Seeing four people soften towards him at once is novel, and Sam finds he likes it. Well, three and Gertrude, who wasn’t particularly hostile in any case, but who gives him a nod of approval.
“Yeah. Sure. Coffee sounds good.”
“Yes,” he says. “You deserved more than your father gave you, Dean.”
And Beth shakes her head, lets go of the frame, lets them in.
Okay, so she has eyes and he’s easy on them, and maybe she should mention the spoon-licking thing is…interesting. But he must know. That first time they met, he struck her as someone who knew how to use his looks, his appeal, to his advantage, and she hasn’t changed her mind on that one.
Inanna shrugs again, tilting her head. Her hair swings, thick and dark and glistening. Castiel wonders how any of them can see her as human. Through his eyes, she’s energy and will and crackling words in languages hardly anyone now speaks, or even remembers. It must be lonely, he thinks, in its way. If it troubles her, she doesn’t show it.
It’s an odd procession, through the park and along the side of a street, and another street, and across a road, and…
Castiel nods, relieved not to have to say it himself. He still has so much pain threading through him, still has that nagging thought that he could stop it at any time, if only he let himself. He still has to argue himself into believing he’s worth the love Sam and Dean, and his friends, claim to feel. No. The love they feel. Not claim.
It occurs to him that Dean has never seen his wings. Not really. Neither of them have. Sam could have done, perhaps, when he was host to Gadreel, but Castiel didn’t have his wings for much of that time and Gadreel was shutting down Sam’s knowledge. And Dean, when he was a demon, may have seen them. He’s never said. And Castiel has never dared to ask.
It can’t just be the drugs. He’s been bad before, and he’s spaced out more than once, and no way will all that have just…gone away because Dean’s spoken to him once, but this is on another level. This is more he doesn’t seem attached to the same time and space as them.
“They just got over themselves and got together,” Sam said. “And they’ve both got all kinds of crap to sort through. And you suggest this? Becoming Hell’s ultimate power couple?”
“If it’s rotten, you’re going to need wood and power tools and…and, well, that kind of thing,” Nora says. “I don’t have any of that.”
She’d feel more reassured if his jaw weren’t as tense.
“Fine,” Val says. “How’d you come to meet an angel in the first place?”
**************************
Castiel sits back and takes a drink from his own cup. It’s stronger than what he bought for Hannah, because he has become used to coffee, and he remembers feeling he needed it back when he was being Steve. Now, it’s difficult to taste it properly, but he tries to let the taste be experienced.
But at least Dean isn’t asking stupid questions anymore about whether Cas will want to come back to him. Sam still isn’t sure Cas will choose to come back to the Bunker, or that he should do, but he’s got no doubt at all that Cas is one hundred percent committed to Dean. Lack of commitment has never been Castiel’s problem.
“You’re burning up,” she said.
It must be annoyance making his words so heavy. They fall into Castiel and sink. Their passage disturbs the currents of his thoughts and he fights to bring back the stillness he felt when staring at that screen. He fails.
“Are you sure you don’t want me to ring Riva?” she asks for the third time, when Castiel has drunk what feels like a lake. “It’s not normal to need this much water all at once.”
“He is home,” Bela said, though she was starting to think Castiel meant what he said, that he wasn’t testing her and he wasn’t in on any plan of Dean’s to pretend this king thing was a good idea. She let herself feel fear, a pure shot of it, before clamping down. “If you love him, you’ll not try to take him from it. Not that you could.”
“An apoc…” Beth trails off, her lips still parted around the word that died half-done.
“I didn’t know you were coming,” Bela said, turning to Hannah with an almost apologetic look on her face. “I hoped, of course. Besides, for all I knew, you were testing me, Castiel. Dean could have turned you. Knights of Hell have all sorts of powers, and that’s before we get to the power he has over you just by being Dean Winchester. But now Sam and Hannah are here, any plans to play along aren’t needed. By either of us.”
Her friends arrive as he’s sitting with his feet tucked up on the settee and his arms around his legs, his chin resting on a knee. Bluish light plays across his human skin and he finds himself watching that as much as the screen. It’s been hard to lose himself in the show. He isn’t sure why.
Instead, he investigates Sam’s dresser, his closet. There isn’t as much as he found in Dean’s. Sam has fewer clothes, it seems, and keeps more of them folded and ready in bags, as though at any moment he might choose to move out. He wonders if Dean knows.
Hannah shakes her head, lifting the styrofoam cup of coffee Castiel insisted she buy and taking a sip. She doesn’t wrinkle her nose or pull a face or any of the tells a human would use, but Castiel sees the ripple in her true self. She hasn’t quite gotten used to coffee.
“Angelic?” Sam asked. The idea of Dean being angelic was alien, but he could remember a time when it hadn’t been, when Sam had spent uncomfortable hours comparing his own demon-infected self with his brother’s link to angels. An angel, anyway. “Dean? He’s literally a demon heir-apparent right now.”
“We should focus on the case,” he says instead.
He grimaces, closing his eyes. A split second later he has them open again, gasping as though something’s startled him. This is something else he does, and all he’ll say about it is that he doesn’t like not being able to see.
He isn’t sure when the screaming starts, but it feels like it goes on forever.
‘Today is important, Sam,’ Castiel finds himself saying, because this, too, is something he’s trying out, this teasing between family and friends. He isn’t very good at it, but he made Claire laugh the last time he saw her, and that’s more than enough incentive to keep going. ‘You should treat it with the respect it deserves.’
“Not…exactly,” Castiel says, and gives in to human understanding. “But I suppose it’s close enough. Maybe I should rest.”
“Is it twenty questions time already, John?” she asks.
“Thank you,” Cas says. He frowns, his eyes narrowing, and tilts his head. “You’re larger than I remembered.”
It’s only when he’s back in his room, his shoes removed and his coat put away, that his wings draw in. They won’t settle, but they sag. Dean gets supplies, cleans the cuts along Castiel’s fingers, each one an offering Castiel doesn’t know how to repay.
“What we can find,” Dean corrects.
“Yes,” Castiel says, knowing he should uncurl and not quite able to make himself do it. The pain up his shins is worse today and the new throb on his hand seems to underline every other hurt he has. His wings feel heavier and his human eyes are still the only ones working. He is trying not to think about falling. “I’m sorry.”
“I should,” he says. It sounds almost reluctant, partly hopeful. “I might know something about the case.”
“Maybe we shouldn’t be thinking about fault,” Sam says. “Cas, we thought we were helping you. We did. But Dean and me, we’re not exactly roll models for healthy, you know? I’ve said that before, but I don’t think I got it. Maybe we couldn’t help. Doesn’t mean I’m not sorry, or that I couldn’t have listened to you more, let you know you could tell us… I mean, your wings have to have been hurting, right?”
“I’m sure someone can tell you where a local bar is,” Cas says. “Dean usually picks people up in those.”
“That’s a lot of cash, Sam,” he says.
“Partial differential equations,” Riva says.
Sam twitches, but other than that he doesn’t move. His face is carved lines. It’s impossible to tell what he thinks about Dean’s words. He doesn’t throw any back.
“He’s in a lot of pain,” Beth says.
“Have you seen or heard from Aidan this week?”
“Anything?” he asks Sam.
“She’s going to tell me where to find Cas,” Dean says, and peers up at Val again. “Come on. Hey. Wake up properly.”
Cas scrunches his nose, looking up and slightly to the side, and Sam knows that look. It’s the one that means Cas is trying to work out how to explain something to them. The hurt in Sam’s chest pulses and warms, easing into something altogether better.
“Where’d it go?” she asks, almost managing to hide her shortness of breath. “Did it go? Is it still here?”
“We?”
“I’m sorry to hear that,” he says, making himself relax his posture and sit back. He doesn’t need to make her more afraid than she already is. “But I don’t get what you mean about Cas.”
Inanna raises an eyebrow, but seems to dismiss Dean’s comment for now. Later, no doubt she’ll want the story. She’s always liked stories. For now, wanting to get to the dancing part of the evening is perhaps keeping her on course.
She says it like she’s reading from a dossier, and Nora isn’t sure why that’s the word her brain supplies her with. Dossier. Like it’s a spy film she’s in all of a sudden. It’s just…they’re both wearing suits and overcoats, and she’s watched shows about FBI agents who don’t look a million miles away from how the two of them are standing in her kitchen. Hannah especially looks detached, like she’s on a mission rather than a visit. Steve doesn’t hold himself quite the way he did. But that’s probably just her memory making him into something smaller than he was.
“What?” he asks, aware as he narrows down to this one point again that he, his vessel, is slouched until his head is resting on the back of the settee, his legs stretched out and one of his arms numb from being half-trapped under him. “Be not… Don’t be afraid.”
Sam takes a seat and watches as Dean and Val make suggestions for themselves and then everyone else, with Cas just shaking his head and refusing to confirm or deny anything. Dean throws a cushion at Val when she suggests buttercup-yellow and pastel-pink for Dean, and Val catches it, laughing.
Dean looked up at Sam, whose mouth was pulled into a tight line. He shrugged one shoulder.
There looks to be a wary acceptance of that as a reason. She doesn’t snap at him, in any case. Instead, she narrows her eyes, her nose scrunching up at the same time, like this is the most confusing thing she’s ever had to deal with.
It was Sam’s turn to shake his head.
Not biting on the Meg issue. Okay, then.
“What are you going to do then?” she asks.
“Hey,” he said, and let himself stroke Cas’ hair back from his forehead.
He just misses Bobby. Sam isn’t strong enough to take all of Dean’s weight, even though he’s trying.
“Well,” Val says, not quite looking at Beth, “maybe we should wait until Riva can sit with Cas. It can wait, that is.”
Inanna rolls her eyes.
“You? Thank me? Have you even spared me a thought, Dean, over all these years?”
“I’ll be fine,” Cas said, which was a step worse than usual. “I just want this done.”
“And you all know more about angels than I do?” Castiel asks.
Dean glances at her, a quick flick of his eyes, before yanking open the back door and catching Val as she slithers sideways.
His throat works as he struggles to find suitable words. He fails. He closes every eye he can, turns the rest away.
The air in the chamber buffeted Bela, forcing her to work on her stance and raise a hand in front of her face to protect her eyes. She wanted to cover her ears, too, as the whining, screaming noise rose from something felt in her jaw and in her spine to something which might split her apart.
Cas nods. And straightens. And just like that he’s pulled himself into some kind of battle-mode, his face almost blank and his stance more upright than it is at any other time. One hand clenches into a fist.
“But you wish you had been.”
“Is everything all right in here?” Riva asks. She sounds wary.
“Okay,” Nora says, and opens her mouth to ask what he means.
“Val.”
She wants to stay, to help him. She wants to bring that thing down and get them all out safe. But she’s hurt and she’s human and she’s out of her depth.
But he isn’t going to be ready. Any energy he had has drained out of him overnight. Sleep is supposed to grant energy, not steal it. But then, he’s not meant to sleep, so the rules perhaps don’t apply. Many of his memories from being Steve are muffled and foggy, but the pains stand sharp and bright. Few bite as strong as the exhaustion that sat in his bones, too deeply for the little sleep he found to shift. That washed away with the blood and wounds when he took Theo’s Grace, but now it’s back. He hasn’t worked hours upon hours of a shift, on his feet and fixing a smile he doesn’t feel to his face, day after day after day, only to make what bed he can on the cold floor of a stockroom. He hasn’t. Not lately. But he feels as though he has.
“Speaking of talking,” she says instead, “I was hoping you might be able to get more out of him now he’s here. I think he feels safer talking to you.”
“I’m meant to be a guardian,” Cas says. “I don’t want any of you hurt.”
“How so?”
“Not together? But, the way Cas speaks…”
Sam pulls Dean aside as they head out to the car, lowering his voice as the others mill about.
“Yes.”
“No,” Cas says. “Well, yes. Yes, I was attacked. But I think it’s been draining me ever since. I think it’s been trying to take away what doesn’t belong. Think about it: his role is to drain what shouldn’t be in the underworld from each soul who arrives. When the Rit Zien was here on Earth, he tried the same: to continue his mission in a place where it no longer made sense. That doesn’t mean a deliberate attempt to harm.”
Inside, the voices rise. He could make himself pick out each one, follow each conversation. Or he could have done, when he was whole. He doesn’t make the attempt. Val guides him to the living room, which looks just as it did before save for the bowls of chips and other snacks on the coffee table and on the cabinets at the side of the room. People stand around with drinks in their hands, chatting and laughing.
“I wouldn’t do that,” he says.
Instead, she urges him to sit down and fetches him a glass of water. And another. And another.
Dean doesn’t like to think how long he sat up on the other bed, watching Cas sleep. How he nearly, so nearly, told Cas fuck it. Told him to get in the Impala and come home.
“With me, it was after Hell. The first time. Then again after Purgatory. I figure at least some of that was you. Leaving you, I mean. Anyway, it was… It was fucking impossible to relax, is what it was. Flashbacks, cold sweats, my lungs feeling like they were going to burst out of my chest.”
“Unless you would like further details,” Cas says, “I think I may be on to something.”
“We’ll get this done in time for steaks,” Jakes says. “And beer. Hey, I’ll call Cassie, get her to come over. That okay?”
“Water doesn’t change its nature just because it’s in a different vessel,” Beth says, an upwards lilt to her voice at the end as though it’s part way to a question. Cas doesn’t respond. “But water can be become steam, or ice.”
The powder will still be upstairs, he’s almost sure, but going to get it now seems wrong. They so badly want him to be better, and he’s come to realize they see the powder as a sign he’s very much not okay.
“It hasn’t,” Val says. “Or, well, I suppose that it’s all wrapped up, isn’t it? If you say this killer angel zeroes in on pain, and that can be emotional, then it makes sense to do whatever we can on that front, and that includes passing on any advice we have that might help. So. Maybe not relationship workshop. Maybe…tactical emotional advice.”
Dean only gets a couple of paces before Val’s words stop him again, and he scowls.
“If they bring him back,” Val says.
“Cas,” Dean says, and Castiel finds himself looking up at Dean, even with his head still lowered. “Cas, you said I didn’t need to apologize for that, and I’m grateful you get it, man. I really am. But I’ve been doing some thinking.” Dean’s mouth quirks up at the corner. “A lot of thinking. And this is what I figure: my dad loved me, and he didn’t mean to take my childhood or a bunch of other crap he took from me. And I get why he did it. But I’ve been reading some things, and I think, maybe, I still get to be pissed that he did it. I still get to be hurt. And I get to try and move past it. You understand?”
“Well,” she says, letting go of Beth’s hand and clapping her hands together. “I think we have enough to be going on with. Riva, how’s it coming with those books?”
“Okay,” he says. “We should get out now. Beth and the others are waiting.”
Castiel nods, still looking at Dean. At Dean’s eyes. There’s the color he’s been missing, the green and the gold.
Sam almost points out that Cas, with his mangled Grace, might not count as a full angel anymore, but Cas isn’t stupid. Cas is far from stupid. He’ll have considered that. Cas thinking of himself as damaged and twisted is something they should be working on steering him away from: he has no trouble deciding those descriptions fit him all by himself.
He searches for derision or any sort of pointedness in her tone, but it’s just as smooth as the last statement.
“Master,” she said. “King.”
He did what he could to ease the pain.
“Get off him! Get off him or I’ll-”
“He packed a bag, the day we gave him this room. Put a load of stuff in it, like he was planning on going. I caught him before he went. Shoved it under the bed.”
Cas shrugs.
It goes on forever.
“Thank-you,” Castiel says, and he means it. He’s made a lot of choices over the last few years, but he’s very rarely been offered one. “But no. Not to Heaven. To… To my family.”
Finally, Beth stops crying. Her body stills and she burrows her head closer.
“No,” Val says. “Not that I know of.”
“Are you all right?” she asks.
A shape on the page catches his eyes, halting him, and he sits forward, trying to focus on which symbol out of many struck him as familiar. There. Up in the top right of the page. He reaches out and traces the mark with his finger. Sam might love to make a thing out of Dean not reading, but Dean’s always looked out information on his passions. He’s looked up Castiel.
So far, Castiel has let Dean dictate this to him. It is a small enough blessing to grant.
Cas doesn’t look convinced.
“I’m not… I…”
There were times Dean wished he was as dumb as he sometimes pretended to be.
“Yeah, well.”
“You want to know how I found you?” Hannah asked. “I heard Castiel’s prayer. I followed that to the building. And then I followed your prayer to the room.”
“Right,” she says, slowly. “You do get I don’t like this, no matter how many promises you make.”
He looks exhausted. Sagging. He looks to be summoning up a great deal of effort, the lines of his body tense and slumped at once.
“How are you?” Cas asked, the love in his eyes almost sickening.
Dean watches Cas sleep. It must be the universe getting back at him for calling Cas a creep, because he can’t make himself leave. Or doesn’t want to. There’s some part of him that’s worried if he walks out now, Cas won’t be here when he comes back.
A thought crosses Castiel’s mind.
“So is Val’s,” Beth agrees.
“Meg took away Bobby’s ability to walk,” Cas said, “and she helped you more than once later on. You left her watching over me.”
“It’s just… I like to sit out here,” Nora says. “Not sure I have the money to get it rebuilt. But I can’t just leave it, not with Tanya walking now.”
Cas’ eyes open, and they glow that blue-white, but brighter. His whole body is engulfed in light, the twisting shapes thrown into darker shadows, and now there are other shapes. These ones are mathematical, geometric, and she sees them spin, expanding and contacting with Cas’ screams.
“He all right?” Dean asks.
Beth nods, but doesn’t look at her, and Val disappears back into the kitchen with a sigh. Maybe Castiel was wrong about the problem, here. He tests his new hypothesis as gently as he can.
Which doesn’t tell Sam half of what he needs to know, but he quells his impatience and follows her through the house.
“I don’t know,” she says, “but he seemed to mean it. And it doesn’t mean we have to just swallow anything either one of them says.”
“I suppose.” Dean doesn’t sound happy.
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean says, from halfway down the garden path. He almost sounds casual about the fact his brother just called him away from kissing Cas. Again. His attention doesn’t stray to Sam completely, or for long, before he’s meeting Cas’ gaze again. “You call me, you hear? None of this going silent crap.”
“Tell you what,” she says, “I’ll make a pot of tea. And waffles. Everyone likes waffles, right? You just come down when you’re ready.”
“Well, it’s not like I count them every time I’m in here,” he says. His words start full of irritation and slow down. “Wait. Cas took it? Why? Where is he?”
Sam turns to wave the women back at one point, but Dean’s pretty sure they aren’t keeping them from following. It seems strange that Sam’s the last one of them to accept that, what with his time at college learning about whatever students learn about. Dean’s pretty sure college kids are hot on the topic of equality.
“Er. How is he?” Sam asks.
“Only what you want to, Cas,” Dean said, sauntering closer and leaning forward, a hand on either one of Castiel’s wrists. “You’ve tried your hand at leading minions. What do you think I should do to dig out the dissenters? Go on. You’ve got to have some ideas.”
“We’ll find him,” Sam says.
“I’m sorry,” Dean says after a while. It sounds strained. “I didn’t mean to snap. I just… Fuck, this is hard.”
Cas isn’t alone.
“Right. Well, then, go and get dressed. I’ll meet you at the car in ten.”
“A nephilim is the offspring of an angel and a human,” Cas says. “So no. Because this doesn’t say the Rit Zien fell for a mortal.”
“All right,” she says, still with her face hidden.
“Do you have any real questions?” Val asks. “Or do you want to tell him off for looking at anything other than you.”
Dean has to be told to take his sweatpants and T-shirt and go to the bathroom to change. Sam strips and changes while Dean’s out of the room, moving to the table and opening his tablet as Dean turns on a tap, letting the water gush.
“She said to keep away. Give him his freedom,” Dean says.
“Thank-you, Cas,” she says, soft and small. “But I mean I don’t know why I feel like this. I’m all jumbled up this morning.”
He is no clearer than he was before on how to tell when something is his fault and when it’s not, but he is starting to think there might be a distinction to be found.
He tells himself he feels worry at the thought.
“You need to lay off him,” Sam says, ducking his head to meet Dean’s eyes. “The lights thing is helping. He’s calmer. You can see that.”
“Mind out of the gutter, Cas,” he said.
“No-one needs to be tortured,” Beth cuts in. “Cas, if you think this will help you, then we trust you. But be really sure. And remember, it isn’t about fixing anyone. You remember that, right?”
From Cas’ silence, that hit home. From the look of satisfaction on Hannah’s face, Dean wasn’t the only one who thought Cas should pay more attention to his own safety.
Outside, he walks slowly where once he flew in an eye-blink round the world. Puck used to have nothing on him. Now, he may as well have been dosed with the juice of Oberon’s magic flower, leaving him asleep on the forest floor. He thinks perhaps he has been, and attempts to push aside the uncomfortable implications of that thought.
The demons shared a look, and attacked, Cas’ head left to thump to the ground. Ignoring it, Hannah shifted to the side, catching the girl on the point of one blade and thrusting up. The silver point flared through the girl’s back, right near her spine, and Hannah pulled back, turning swiftly to punch the burnt man in the face.
“If you want to be a little-”
“You’re worried about something,” he says.
Dean, she could live without. She was willing to accept Castiel would likely not be so sanguine about Dean’s loss, and she would do her best to get them all back out, but she could only do so much.
This time, the scrape of something solid over stone is right on top of her, and she sucks in air to scream as the pillar leaning over her is pulled aside.
Dean doesn’t even react to that. Sam’s finding it hard to keep all those darker thoughts away, the ones that make him worry what will happen if they lose Cas for good. Dean was so close to the edge when they thought they’d lost Cas to the Leviathan, and when they did lose Bobby, as far as Sam can remember. Dean’s been on edge since Cas drove away and ditched that car, ditched his card and vanished. Watching Dean chase every lead, try every spell and summoning, all for nothing, cut at Sam. Seeing his brother lapse into bouts of drinking and apathy, or hearing him throw yet another bottle at a wall long after he should have been in bed, would be enough on their own to make Sam want Cas found. Cas is here now, but it’s still like they’ve lost him, in a lot of ways. He isn’t going to let it stay that way.
“I know! It’s Cas. And I’m gonna keep working on it. Now can we leave it? Jeez. I need a drink.”
“This is…a lot,” Gertrude says. “I’ve been learning Enochian from an actual angel. I don’t suppose I can cite him in a paper.”
Cas’ lips part, but he shakes his head and smiles.
“In case you were confused,” Cas says levelly, “the refreshments mentioned include cookies and tea or coffee. Not a human.”
His hair is still dripping when Riva arrives at his door, swinging her car keys around her index finger and pressing her lips into a tight line.
“I think you need to get him into bed,” Val says. “You, er, you can deal with that, right?”
“His home’s with us,” Dean says.
“What, like you’re at University? In dorm rooms?” Bela asked.
He isn’t sure why the realization causes a pang. He wants to leave, he has to. He needs to find his blade.
“When did you notice he was gone?” he asks. “What’s he taken?”
Dean had seen Cas fight, many times. He’d seen the guy smite and stab and punch. He’d seen him lay waste to whole rooms and face off against a single enemy. In Hannah, he saw that same brutal efficiency. She tore into the first demon with a ferocity that left an arm severed and the guy’s throat spraying blood.
When he blinks, staring up at her without answering, she offers him a smile.
“About me not being his brother,” Cas says, as though that answers any questions Sam might have.
“He’s missed the last few weeks,” she says. “There some reason to think he hasn’t just stopped turning up to lectures? Monday morning’s aren’t for everyone.”
And they can only be Cas’, too. Unless the thing that attacked him was another angel.
He can’t seem to get to the end of a sentence, and Val wonders, briefly, why she’s the one he’s telling.
“About letting you know you’re cared for,” Dean says. He clears his throat. “That…you’re loved. Sam says it’ll help to remind you. In case you didn’t know. Sounds kinda mushy to me, but Sam’s been doing this reading, and… Yeah. Anyway. So, there’s that.”
Sam’s never really understood that.
“Is that what you want, Cas?” Sam asks.
“Okay,” Sam said, nodding. “I suppose that’s worth leaving the demon-cult problem for a night. How about I go and buy some steaks? Get a proper meal together.”
Castiel strained his senses, but the sigils on the chair, which trapped and bound him, also essentially blinded him. Dean turning to dark smoke had changed the texture of the man’s thoughts, the colored edges and shifting shapes Castiel could sometimes glimpse, but the chair had cut them off entirely.
Dean has been gone several times over the past few weeks, as Castiel has been working on healing. Each time, he returns with something for Castiel, as though bringing offerings to a temple. As though the right offering will grant Dean a blessing. Castiel finds himself wondering when Dean will stop trying. He is tired of failing to live up to Dean’s faith.
“Er. About that…” Cas says.
“And these new friends of yours are doing such a great job of getting you well?” Dean fails at keeping the flare of anger from his voice. “You’re wasting away. You’re twitchy. You’re on fucking drugs. You gotta know that shit’s gonna mess you up, Cas. What are you playing at?”
“And I guess, yeah, a bit of me is envious,” Beth goes on. “For a while there, I’d have given my left arm if it meant all the blame could go away and it would turn out Greg wasn’t…the way he was. That we could just get through it, and he’d want to change, and… Please, don’t think I’m upset with you, all right? I want you to be happy, Cas.”
But she worked on the sigils as Castiel and Hannah discussed options, Castiel tamping down on the hope that had flared when he saw his human brother and angelic sister stride in. He’d been fighting to free himself, because on his own, without even the dubious support of Bella, he’d needed to be able to fight to the full. But now he had two people he could trust, and he could afford to stay in the chair. To an extent, he could.
“Okay. So, you think Dean is bad for Steve? You think he’s using him?”
“Who’s name?” Dean asks, almost pouncing on the end of Cas’ sentence.
Val shakes her head and drops the bag onto the bed.
“Fuck. We have got to get you straightened out,” Dean says, voice tight. “Sam! Riva! Get up here!”
Anywho, have a conversation I've been wanting to happen for a while.
“Yes,” Cas said, and Dean felt a rush of disappointment. “I imagine I should get dressed at some point. Sam might not like it if I walked around naked all the time. But right now I want you naked, too.”
“Hey, Cas,” Dean says. “You, er, you doing all right?”
Cas calms, visibly drawing himself together, and he nods.
Dean didn’t let himself look again. No way could he stare at Cas’…at Cas and keep up the steel he needed.
Her hand is out. He takes it.
“I’m not going to a bar with you,” Val says.
Castiel catches the rest of it before it can get out. Dean explained that. He explained it was about protecting Sam, at Gadreel’s word, and not about the state Castiel was in.
“What is it?” she asks, but before he can answer Riva returns.
“Good,” Ashley says. He glances away, then back, and wraps his arms around himself. “I, er, I suppose I should thank him. For saving me.”
Today, he needs to leave the bars behind and spread his wings under the sky. More, he needs some purpose.
“And will he go back? If we can find a way? Can we find a way?” Riva asks.
“You can’t stagnate in that room on your own,” she says when she turns up at his door. “I asked Riva. She said you should be able to get up and about a bit, as long as you don’t overdo it.”
“Let me past!” she shouts. “What’s going on? Cas?”
Dean’s asked for help, but he doesn’t let go as Sam takes one of Cas’ arms. Not right away.
“What tests?” Sam asks, and he lets some hardness creep into his tone, some firmness. “Listen, I can come over. I get you might not be keen to see Dean so soon, but I can come on my own.”
Before Cas can answer, Sam flicks a look at Beth, and at Val, and shakes his head.
Much as she hates to admit it, her sister’s right. Doesn’t mean she has to rush to follow the advice, though.
Fear wells up, immediate and consuming, and she tries to step backwards, almost falls.
He catches Sam’s eye and sees his brother narrow his eyes before softening, and clapping him on the shoulder.
A fourth demon, who’d stayed over by the door, vanished outside, drawing a gun. Moments later, three gunshots rang out. A pause. A fourth shot. Silence.
“Point, there, Sammy. Gotta tell you, though, not seeing how being picked by Lucifer makes this gig any more yours than mine. Being a pet project for the Master of the Pit is a step or two above being a prom dress, you want my view on it.”
The spark becomes a flare, becomes a flash, becomes a flood, and Castiel has one last moment to turn three of his angelic eyes on Dean as the pathway he needs to take opens up in his mind, and he reaches through Inanna, latches onto Ereshkigal’s son, stretches out his battered wings, and flies.
“It didn’t feel hostile,” Castiel says and sees every pair of eyes snap to him. “I expected some aggression or sense of…of distaste, at least. But that’s not what I got.”
Dean’s out of the room, sent to pick up some food before he passes out from hunger. Sam isn’t sure his brother would have gone if Sam hadn’t made him. He only went if Sam promised not to stop looking for a second, but…
With his own breaths harsh in his ear, it took Dean a while to register the sounds coming from Cas. Words. Muffled, indistinguishable, but words.
“It’s worse than all of the motels you’ve stayed in?” Castiel asks, because he remembers finding Dean in a bathroom once where the presence of two adult human forms had meant accidentally pressing into Dean’s back. It had been a good thing that Castiel could fly back then, or else they would have needed Sam to pry them out. The thought is distant and weighted, something he has to dredge up from the depths. Unusual, when it comes to thoughts containing Dean.
“From what I hear, you were out and about on your own before Val found you,” Sam says, but they’ve been over this, and Ashley hasn’t been able to tell them what he was doing or why he went back. “Look, Cas likes to save people. I mean, you see him before you get picked up, then sure, thanks would be nice, but I’ll let him know if you don’t see him.”
“That’s unfair,” Val says. “How about we guess? If we guess right, you’ll tell us, won’t you?”
“I think it’s going to make sure you don’t take Cas from me, too,” Sam said. “If the only way to do that is to fight you, to take the throne from you, then that’s what I’ll do.”
From the tear at the corner of one of Dean’s eyes, that wasn’t the right thing to say.
Hannah looked up from the book she was reading, her gaze shifting a little away from Dean, to the side and behind. To Cas.
“He’s just gone. Pulled himself loose and left. Another patient swears he walked out, but I don’t see how he got out so quickly. Look, we need to find him.”
He sees her eyes skate sideways, just for a moment, before snapping back to him. He’s almost sure she was looking at Val, but it could have been Dean. Or nothing.
Cool water on his wrists and around his neck helps a little, and he eyes the shower. It wouldn’t be appropriate to use it, but there’s a bathroom back at his room. He’s never bothered to use it, but it’s there.
Dean downs the rest of the beer, turning away, and Sam lets him. This has to be hard for Dean, being even this open, even when he’s not the one who’s started it.
He doesn’t even try to correct her on the second part. From her perspective, he must seem like an addict. She doesn’t know he’s an angel, that it has no such effect on him. She doesn’t know the reason he takes it is because he has to, to dull the pain, to stop a Rit Zien from finding him. There are so many things she doesn’t know, and for a moment it saddens him.
He says it like it’s a bad thing, and he doesn’t add anything to it. Instead, he disappears from Dean’s sight.
Anything else Riva says washes away unheard. He dropped his blade. He dropped it and it isn’t there. An angel doesn’t leave his blade, not if it has any choice. He’s already dropped so much else, and now he’s dropped his blade.
Really, out of the three of them it’s Sam who knows how civilians behave the best, so he should use some of that to help Dean, and Cas. Because they are getting Cas back. If they can get him back from death and from Purgatory and from brainwashing, they can get him back from three women who don’t seem to know anything about the supernatural at all.
Sam sighs, setting the tray down on top of a dresser and pushing the bag over to the wall, out of the way, before sitting next to Castiel on the bed. He keeps his hands to himself, but Castiel feels as though Sam wants to reach out to him, maybe clap a hand to his shoulder.
“And how long do you think Inanna’s going to let us just wait here?” Riva asks.
He looked away and took a breath. She gave him a few seconds.
“Er, Cas?” Sam asks, after a few minutes have gone by. “Should that have done a bit m-”
Fair enough. Not like Dean told everyone he met about his crap.
She’s not as hard today, not as smooth-marble edges shot through with fire. Something of regret lingers as she turns her eyes on him. He shifts and lets his human eyes drift to his feet.
While he waits, he empties the bags. Sam has bought him pajamas. They look cheerful, a blue several shades brighter than his tie. And they’re soft. Still, Dean is right: he can’t wear sleepwear outside. He changes into a pair of dark jeans and a T-shirt, pulling a navy sweater over the top. If he is told to leave, he will be ready.
The goddess stares at him, giving no hint of what she’s thinking.
“You, er, you gonna get your suit back on to go shopping? You can ditch it again after,” Sam says.
“No.”
“Still a dick move, taking off on a hunt without me,” Dean said. He couldn’t quite keep the growl out of his voice. “I told you, a few hours more and I’d have been there. And then you wouldn’t have gone into that place alone, and I wouldn’t have walked in to find you slashed open.”
“And they were never together?”
“He wasn’t at full strength. Besides, I said maybe.”
“So, yeah,” Dean says. “Hell. Kinda went downhill from there.”
“Out of the deal? You couldn’t even help yourself. How could you have helped me?”
“I hate the thought of you alone in that place, all cut up with no-one to keep an eye on you.”
It doesn’t erase the pain Castiel still feels, running down his shins and across his chest and through his wings, but it is a more pleasant sensation to focus on.
Val smirks at him. There’s zero warmth in it.
“Steve,” she says, smiling up at him. “Hey. Great to see you. Come in.”
His wings flinch in, cocooning him, as he curls up and searches through his memories. Dean was here. He’s almost sure of it. That silver-bright certainty he felt when he was fully a part of the host has faded and he doubts he’ll ever feel it again, but he isn’t so far gone he’s wrong about last night.
**************************************************
“Maybe not,” Beth says. “Or maybe he just didn’t want to know. We’re not always the best at seeing our own relatives for what they are.”
“Shake what off?”
“I think I saw Cas,” he says, and realizes he’s shaking.
They sped up, each one bringing more smoke and ash with it, until Dean felt the film slip over his eyes and looked at the world through the warped perceptions of a demon.
“You aren’t making me unhappy,” she says. “It’s not… I don’t want you to go.”
“I doubt it’ll take long,” Nora says, as she leads them through to the back. “Maybe strip the wood? A couple of coats of paint?”
Before anyone can speak again, a rush of cold air blows through the room and Dean hears water. For a second, it’s like he’s standing by that river in Purgatory, the water flowing past as he stares at Cas, desperate to know why the angel left him, even more desperate to make sure it doesn’t happen again.
Cas’ arms hung loose, his hands open and empty, and his eyes stared blankly up at nothing.
When he couldn’t rouse Cas by shouting, Dean took to staring at that hand.
How are you guys doing? Everyone alright? Ready for some actual action? Let's do this.
Val cuts him off, pushing up from the chair she’s just taken and looking like she’d climb over the bed to get in Dean’s face, if only Cas weren’t on it.
“Well, I’m not. I’m just saying we should keep an open mind.”
“Is it…could it be a reaction to Sam visiting?” And she asks that slowly. “I know I had some weird reactions to seeing Greg.”
She keeps her place until the agent is gone, the door closing softly behind him, and spins to check on her friends. Beth is folded over, head in her hands and a fine tremble in her shoulders. Standing up to someone like that has to be taxing to her, but even as Val watches she pushes herself up and offers a weak, but determined smile.
“Morning, Val,” Cas says, not looking up. “Beth. Did you sleep well?”
“Morning,” he says, his eyes sliding away from the women. It makes him jittery, not being able to see everything around him, like he should be turning constantly to take it all in. It doesn’t help that walls, the ceiling, the cabinets keep moving, just out of phase with what sees a moment earlier. “I… Thank you for letting me stay.”
“It’s not what you think,” he says, moving back until he’s nearly at the window and rubbing a hand down his face, trying to breathe out his anger, his tension, his worry. “It’s not.”
“You’ve got your back to me, Cas,” he says at last, but it doesn’t sound like the rejection of information he might have gone with even a short while ago.
She can’t know about the Rit Zien, but her lips part and he feels the bolt of dark grey shock running through her. She is easier to read, all three of them are, than even Sam and Dean.
The floor’s cold when his feet hit it, and he shuffles into slippers and a robe as he leaves the room, heading for the kitchen and coffee. Cas hates…well, right at the moment he seems to hate everything, but he will take coffee in the morning, even if it’s with the air of not being sure why he’s doing it. When he notices he’s doing anything.
“Look, man,” Sam says, and he seems to grow larger, somehow, “you don’t want to start something here. Trust me. Just let us get to our car.”
Sam steps forward, the movement drawing Dean’s attention from Cas, and gestures at the expanse of empty warehouse in front of them, at the broken flooring and collapsed pillars and jagged chunks of masonry.
He thinks she’s trying to be so quiet Dean can’t hear her, but that’s ridiculous, because this isn’t a huge room.
To her surprise, Cas laughs. It’s sudden, sharp and over quickly, but it’s a laugh.
“Yes,” he says.
“But you were low on juice before, when you were cut off from Heaven. You didn’t have this issue then. The pain, I mean, and the phasing out.”
How can she possibly understand losing his Grace, his sanity, his wings? Just because some of those things have returned to him doesn’t mean the scars are gone.
“Not now, I don’t!” Dean says, seeing Sam start to smirk before he even gets the words out. “Hey! I am in a relationship now. I don’t cheat.”
“Yeah. And blood.”
“You okay, there, Cas?” Dean asks, ducking his head and catching Castiel’s eyes. “You look a little out of it.”
“You must be in a lot of pain,” she says, her tone gentle.
He takes the Thunderbird, pushing it out of through the bunker’s garage doors and far enough down the lane that the engine can’t possibly be heard in Dean’s room.
“You said-” Dean starts, spinning again and jabbing a finger in her direction.
“Yeah, your obsession with Thursday has got to stop, man,” Dean says.
Beth feels like she’s been doused in cold water.
And that must be what he’s nervous about.
“And they're, what, close friends? To each other?" Val asks.
“Hey, there,” a new voice says. A lower voice than the woman he saved, and who has taken him in without meaning to. “I’m Riva. Can you talk to me? Are you hurting anywhere?”
When she drops her hand, she has to blink. The afterglow from the light sketches shapes in the air, and she thinks she sees, just for a moment, six arcing wings reaching up from around the shape left by Cas. By Castiel.
“Cas ain’t going anywhere,” Dean said. Snapped. “And we both lost people. So what? You think the power of loss is going to let you beat me?”
Dean felt his lips curve into a smile.
Dean couldn’t finish the thought.
“Get in here!” Dean calls back.
**********************************
“No, Cas, not an actual teenager,” Dean’s voice tells him, although Dean’s silence has already done so. “He’s way too happy to be staying in murder-girl’s bedroom. He sprayed toilet water. This is what I deal with.”
“If this is what you choose,” Ereshkigal says. “Remember, angel - this is the only time you’ll be given this choice. If you find yourself here again, you won’t find such special treatment.”
The lights in the room are painful when he forces his vessel’s eyes open, and he squints into it. He has to orient himself quickly. Val needs his help now.
“No,” Cas says, just as softly. “No, I didn’t. I took Jimmy from both of them and failed to keep them safe.”
Dean says the last bit quietly.
She thinks she might be guarding Cas, but she isn’t so sure any more what from. Dean, still. The way he shouted at Val, the way he stalked toward her… Beth pulls her cardigan more tightly about herself, and tries to forget the way she froze up.
Dean asks that to the room, and Cas catches the look of surprise on Sam’s face, the smirk on Val’s. It’s good to be able to see them all again, even though they aren’t all in front of him, but he isn’t sure what’s causing that reaction. Perhaps they think it’s amusing Dean’s trying to treat him like a human child.
“Cas is practically human,” Dean says, but that twist in his gut doesn’t let him even pretend to himself that he really believes that. Not really.
Dean blinks. They’re discussing Cas like he’s some kid they’re trying to avoid a custody battle over, and Cas is Dean’s family and he’ll fight for the guy, but he doesn’t get why some women who’ve only known Cas a few months are acting like this, not when he’d think the whole monsters-are-real thing would still be throwing them.
“What good would it have done?” Cas asks. He shakes his head and his eyes clear, just a little. Whatever cycle he’s on in his brain, he’s closer to them for the moment. “But this is worse. I think… I think there’s only so much my bodies could go through. For one thing, I didn’t think of this as my body at the time. And I’d never been human. And I’d never eaten a billion souls. And I’d never-”
“With me?” Dean ducks his head, as though he’s readying for a fight. “What’s that supposed to mean? With me?”
“Really? You really think it might be okay they just bulled their way in here and took over?”
“We’ve discussed this before,” she says. “Castiel, there’s beauty, but it’s not for us. And our brothers and sisters need you. We all need you in Heaven. You’re the only one left.”
Ah. Oh, right. Yeah, that makes more sense. Not a lot of sense, considering the way the two have been sniping at each other from the get go, but more than the image that flashed, thankfully briefly, across Sam’s mind.
“Contact the Gods? Like…actually contact an actual God? Have you don’t that before?”
And he moved to stand in the middle of the chamber, back straight and head up. He saw Hannah cast a look at Castiel before moving to stand by Bela, half a step behind and with no sign of her blade. Sam just had time for a last flash of doubt he certainly wasn’t going to admit to before movement at the entrance resolved itself into a cluster of demons, Dean in their midst.
“I’d think there are a few steps between ‘Not seeming odd to me at all’ and ‘Must be an angel’,” Val says, as though most of the past hour didn’t happen, and she never saw anything odd about Cas at all. She grimaces, closing her eyes for a moment. “If I hadn’t seen it, I would. Fuck. It’s like we took a bunch of Cas’ drugs.”
“You’re not the only one,” Sam says.
“Huh,” Val says, nodding like she’s going to be asked questions later. “And is that when you met?”
She says that as though they aren’t on opposite sides of the spectrum, and Cas nods as though it makes perfect sense.
He tries to grab at the laptop as it’s lifted from his knees, but he misses, and looks up to see Dean staring down at him, his expression shut off.
It would seem that being left in peace is not an easy option to find.
Behind Dean, the wall warps and wavers. Castiel ignores it.
Hannah had to be far less innocent than she appeared, to be smiling at that. It was a small smile, little more than a soft curl to the edges of her lips, but the way she picked up her mug and hid her mouth made it all the more suspect.
“I don’t know,” he says, barely audible. He doesn’t really want those words out in the air, where they can he heard. Saying them makes them true. “I have no fucking idea.”
Dean glares at him, one hand out to the side as though making a point about something, and Sam stares back.
Of course he fucking can. He’s walked through Hell and Heaven and Purgatory. Dean isn’t going to be knocked out of commission by something he hasn’t even seen. He just might not be able to see much through his lurching vision as he goes.
“Exactly what injuries are we talking about? I’m guessing there’s a lot we can’t see.”
Dean glared at them as they lugged in bags and boxes, some finely crafted wood and others cheap plastic. He yelled and cursed when one of the demons, who was riding a teenage girl with dark skin, pulled a knife from a bag. It was the sort of thing Dean’d used when he’d needed to carve up dead monsters for disposal.
“Thank you?” Val says.
Riva tilts her head, regarding Dean like he’s something to study, and finally nods.
“Beth…”
“Anything you can tell us might help,” Cas says. He glances at Beth and shifts on his feet. “Would…would you care for some refreshment while we talk?”
It takes Dean longer to get the hint than it should do, but he settles himself next to Cas and crosses his legs at the ankle.
“You left the tabs open,” he says, instead of letting Dean wriggle away from this. “You think maybe it’s something we should talk about?”
“Yes. Party.” She looks at him as though he’s being slow. He thought he’d left that look behind when he’d regained his Grace. “It’s in a couple of days, still. And there’ll be a doctor there.”
That’s a thought he can grasp only dimly and for short snatches of time, but if the past few years have taught him anything, it’s that even angels can change. Perhaps, with effort, this is of those things he can alter.
“That’s good,” he manages, and sees Cas nod. “And how are you doing? This must be strange for you. You and Dean.”
He needs to leave his room. He needs to find more powder.
They’ve photographed that, too, but it’s mostly washed away, leaving a few marks most people wouldn’t look twice at. This is where Cas was found. They got that much from the police report, along with a few choice phrases from one of the detectives on what should be done to people who stalk and attack their exes.
She bites her lip and stares at him for long enough he should probably feel odd. Instead, he has to push away an image of Dean.
Dean nods against Cas’ shoulder. He wants to tell Cas not to be such a downer, but the aches in Dean’s knees and right hip, and the swelling in his knuckles, and the way his back doesn’t seem to want to be straight sometimes these days, are all pains he’s having to accept won’t go away. It’s age, for him, and too many years by far of having his body hurled around by all kinds of nasty, but Cas has been through his own shit and expecting it to just be washed away is a kid’s dream.
“Agent Bowie,” the gruff voice says. Then, after a pause. “Cas?”
“Don’t be- Of course I didn’t go no a date with him. I just took him somewhere it would look like a date. Somewhere public. People don’t make a scene at that place.”
“Just telling Cas a few stories. You want to tag in?”
Castiel looks down at the spell ingredients as the others leave, Gertrude the last out. They form a pattern that’s pleasing to his eye, one which mimics a sigil he’s always been especially fond of, one which implies unity, order and rest.
“What do you want, Bela?” he asked. “You come to tell me again how lucky I’ve been?”
Hannah looked at him, and Dean got the feeling she was processing how to approach the matter. Cas had said, when he’d finally spoken about Hannah, about losing her, that she’d become one of the most thoughtful, most sensitive angels in the Host’s long history. Dean had never quite understood how that added up to being a part of fooling Cas with that final torture and rescue scene, but the guy hadn’t wanted to hear that opinion. Hannah clearly meant a lot to him. Now, Dean saw her attempting to find the right words and he saw what Cas meant. She didn’t look to have a bad bone in her. That whole shit-storm likely had been because she’d thought it was the best thing for everyone.
“Well, we need something,” Riva says. “We’ve been over everything more than once, and there’s nothing that fits all the evidence.”
Sam watches his brother nod again, push open the car door and get out. There’s a bit more bounce in Dean’s step. Sam just hopes he said the right thing to get Dean to actually take the bubble wrap off of Cas without swinging right over to letting the guy fling himself onto a fire.
“Anything in there about memory sucking beasts?” Dean asks.
I refuse to apologise. Refuse.
“Laugh it up,” Dean snaps. And grins. “You’re the one going to be hearing it from now on.”
“Hey, Cas. I am no stranger to self-medication. Believe me. But, yeah, probably best to try another way. You talked to Riva about it? Maybe she has some ideas you can take out for a spin. And, hey, you can talk to me, right? And Sam. And we aren’t going anywhere until we know everyone here is safe. So tactically you don’t have to worry on that score. That help?”
“Dean?” Hannah asks, and that is not approval. “I thought Dean Winchester left Steve on his own when he was…here.”
“I know the size of the target painted on his back,” Dean says, saving Sam the effort. “Maybe he wouldn’t have left without it. He was pretty cut up when I had it safe in my room.”
Dean nods.
“You think?”
“Well maybe you shouldn’t be. Maybe Cas’ new friends are right. You know what she asked me? If I’d ever hit him. And I had to say yes. And she asked if I ever put him down, told him he’s got to be useful. And I had to say yes to that, too. So you tell me, Sam. Is that how Cas should be treated?”
Although he never claimed Beth wasn’t his girlfriend at all.
“And how much of a break have you had in that time?” Riva asks. Whatever adjustment she’s needed to make to having an angel in her midst is either made or hidden, because she barely blinks at Cas’ statement. “Look, I’m with Val on this. I don’t want to go in. But I don’t want you in there fighting, either. And are you telling me every person who finds out about this stuff just…leaves it?”
Tentatively, not sure if it’s what this is about, he leans back. Dean takes his weight and slides his free hand around Castiel’s waist. He hooks his chin over Castiel’s shoulder and closes his eyes.
Sam doesn’t tell Dean that Castiel failed to make his own choices.
“Matter of fact,” Dean said, taking a step closer as the demons around him watched with a hungry glee, I seem to recall I was picked by Alastair and by Cain. Hell, by Crowley, too. So I got all kinds of votes. And what have you got? Bela’s pet angel and a sense of righteous self-importance gonna get you the win, little brother? That what you think? Because Lucifer only ever wanted to use you. He was fattening you up to be the Christmas goose. And you ain’t got it in you to beat me. No demon blood in your veins now. And what are you without it? Just a little boy who lost every woman he ever loved.”
“Sam, I need to know what happened.”
She’s silent for so long he starts to think he’s misread her, that mentioning getting Cas help isn’t the way to loosen her tongue, but after giving Dean another, searching look, she nods.
Castiel followed Dean downstairs, the trailing wisps of pleasure still curling in his Grace. Sex with Dean had been every bit as interesting, as enjoyable, as he’d hoped it would be, when he’d let himself think about it at all.
“Yeah. Well, you’ve always been… It’s not like any of us are exactly poster boys for good mental health. Maybe… I don’t know. Maybe we weren’t the best people to help you. But just running off? What, you didn’t get enough of that back-”
He took hold of Cas’ hand again and hauled the guy up, part of him worried that Cas still didn’t have the strength to manage it himself. Cas let him do it, a fond look in his eyes. Had that been there all the time? Or was Dean just noticing it now he’d kissed Cas?
“What now?” Sam asked at the same time. “What do we need to do?”
Beth appears on Cas’ other side, taking his other hand and leaning into him. It’s never really occurred to Dean before all this that Cas might welcome so much open support, or physical contact, but the guy relaxes a fraction and nods.
It doesn’t matter if Beth wants to speak now, because Dean can’t stop.
“It’s really much for relaxing, though.”
Her body language is defensive, but it was before Val spoke to her. Beth’s not happy about what Sam’s said, and Val isn’t sure whether it’s because she doesn’t believe him or because she does. Either way, Val feels her hackles rise.
“I don’t know what you mean.”
“Yeah. He might look that age, but believe me, lady, he’s a whole lot older.”
“You nearly died,” Dean said, because it seemed important to get that clear.
“Understood,” he says, setting the menu down. He’s not hungry. “What exactly did you want to talk about?”
Riva looks troubled, but she steps back and lets Castiel past.  He casts one last glance at Val as he goes, and thinks he sees something like triumph, something like shame.
Beth sees familiar shoes in front of her and the world snaps back into its right time, rushing in on her as she lifts her head to meet her friend’s eyes.
Emotional pleas work on Cas sometimes, but other times they seem to make things worse, and Dean’s wary of snapping out an order. He doesn’t know how he feels about what Beth said to him, or Sam’s take on it, but he can’t risk pushing Cas away entirely.
“The diner,” Sam says. “You go ask around there. I’ll check out where he withdrew the money. We’ve got to find some clue. And I’ll check for any signs of his car. Any more uses of his card. We’ll find something, Dean. We’ll get him back.”
It’s been months since she saw him. She isn’t sure how many. He’s probably got set up in a new life by now, and doesn’t really think about her at all. Even so, she’s feeling nostalgic, and she pulls out her phone before she has time to hesitate.
She tries to imagine Castiel as an ornament, and fails.
“Head up that way? There’s that stand of trees we can walk through.”
“I’m an angel,” Cas says, just a thread of frustration in his voice. “I could be near to death and still have more chance against this than you would. Battle is what I’m made for.”
Sam has some inkling, but he’s also got no intention of being in the middle of a Dean and Cas therapy session for life. He’ll talk about it if Dean needs him to, but this feels more like something Dean should talk about with Cas. Still, a pointer might not hurt.
He’s just starting to wonder if there could be other things for which he might be forgiven, but the thought is new and fragile, and he doesn’t want to risk putting too much weight on it.
Before he can get the words out, the right wing shifts, pushing back, knocking Dean, and he feels the floor go out from under him.
“He’ll be fine,” Sam says, because Cas is one of the most private people Sam has ever known, in some ways. At least, he doesn’t spill his life history to everyone he meets. A fleeting thought that it might be more Cas doesn’t think anyone could understand or be interested makes Sam grimace, and he rushes to reassure Ashley. “He’s tough. He always pulls through.”
“Got to be hard for him,” he says, “learning to live with it. With him being gone, I mean.”
It’s a shame to dim the brightness in her eyes, but someone has to tell her.
“What?” he asks. He sounds raspy. More so than usual.
“Healthy?” Castiel asks. Healthy isn’t a concept he attaches to himself.
“He’s always been good at seeing things done,” Nora says, thinking back to how well he helped her run the Gas N Sip. Anyone would be lucky to have Steve working with them. “And thanks. I know you just got back.”
“Listen, Cas,” Dean says. “There are some things I got to say, and I know you’re not…not exactly clear-headed, here, but I need you to listen. All right? Really listen.”
“I suppose you expect me to say thanks,” he said through his teeth.
There’s still a lot to say to Val, and she gets the feeling Val has things to say to her, but right now it’s more important to be here for Cas, to let him know they still love him, whatever species he is.
“If you can get us into Hell, then get us into Hell. What do you need?”
“Tell me if you’re doing this because you think you have to be useful,” Dean says.
“Beth…” Riva isn’t sure what she’s supposed to say. “I thought you were going on a date. You rang and checked on that table.”
And it has been so long since he connected with the Host.
“You’re not a thing,” he echoes. He finds he has to snip off a piece of what she says if there is any chance of it going in.
“Yeah, I did,” Dean says. “And I mean that. But… Cas, can I ask you something?”
However wrong it made him feel, however unclean, Sam does remember the thrum of power in his blood when he followed the path Ruby set out for him. He wonders, sometimes, why being straight-up human is seen as being the best thing there is. It’s a view Dean seems to have a firm hold on.
“You lie,” Cas says. He says it like it’s a redeeming feature. “But that wasn’t a lie. It was just a truth you didn’t think you could say to my face.”
“Then I guess you need to say it really clearly,” Sam says.
He doesn’t point out she has no choice. Sam’s put Cas down as a Winchester. If it comes to it, Sam and Dean aren’t the ones who’ll get banned from visiting. No need to rock that boat, though. Not yet. Not if he doesn’t have to. One thing Sam’s been thinking about is a support network, and how they don’t have one, and how Cas seems to have wandered into one. Sam’s not tearing that away unless he has to.
Sam keeps an eye on Dean as they wait. He knows his brother. He knows how Dean can get when he feels abandoned. And Sam has experience of being the one left waiting when people vanish in a burst of light. At least this time Sam isn’t left alone. It might not be the time to remind Dean that he hasn’t been left alone, either.
“Maybe not deliberately,” Hannah says. “But yes. In a way.”
“No,” she says, voice thready.
“What can feathers have to do with any of this?”
He can’t cope with the thought of properly hearing either one of them. Not right now. Maybe, once he’s rested, he’ll be able to listen.
He regrets asking when he sees Dean’s smile fade.
“It wasn’t your fault,” he tries.
“Cas was…” Sam stops and inspects his own hands, clasped loosely together on his knees. He takes a breath before trying again. “Cas used to be a lot more certain, a lot more focused on just getting things done.”
There’s a pause, and he’s just beginning to think the call has cut off when she speaks again, low and burning.
The question of whether blotting out parts of himself would count as healing has taken time and energy he cannot spare, and today, staring at this car, it feels like it would be wrong. He could just give up on such thoughts. He could just open the car, slide behind the wheel, and drive back. But Dean said Castiel shouldn’t be at the bunker, and the wisps of prayer he was catching have dried up, stopped.
Castiel shakes his head, not able to look Dean in the eyes. Not with any of his own eyes.
Castiel nods, stepping back and towards Inanna, who is closer to the creature now. She moved without Castiel noticing, which isn’t something he’d ever think would happen. A god presses down on the world, a weight distorting everything around it, but Castiel long ago gave in to the fact Dean does the same to him.
“What happened?” she asks. “What did you do to him?”
“Because you belong here now?” she asks, and that is an edge of bitterness he hears. Possibly. In some ways Hannah is easier to read than almost anyone Castiel has known, but in others she’s as distant as the stars. “You belong here, with them?”
“So,” Val says, still from behind the settee, “color, huh? What color am I?”
“Are you cold?” he asks.
With the room’s finally quiet, she moves to the bed and pulls the sheet straight. Not that it’s anything but neat as it is, but she feels the need to do something, anything. Cas looks so pale, and they still don’t know what his story is, and Val and Beth are reacting to Sam being around, and Riva really, really needs her head to stop hurting.
Resonance. Okay. Dean nods as Beth and Val perk up, asking Cas about what he means and apparently following the explanation well enough to ask follow up questions. He sees Sam paying attention, but his brother, big brain that he has, doesn’t join in. Dean supposes it’s a long while since Stanford, and not like Sam majored in Math or Physics.
“Out in the hall,” he says, dragging the word out. “Not where he could hear.”
“Let me know if you change your mind,” Cas says, with the air of someone who has noticed a game of chicken going on and decided he will calmly smite any feathered, squawking bird that comes near him. It can be too easy to look at Cas hurting and forget what a snarky, determined bastard he can be. “There’s mention of a Rit Zien, I think. It’s very poetic, even for Enochian, but the gist seems to be that a Rit Zien found love on Earth.”
“How?” Cas asked, befuddled.
She leveled a knowing look at him, challenging him to tell her she was wrong.
He kept his gaze on Cas. “What if I want to dream of someone tall, awkward yet sexy with dark brown hair?”
“Well, I’m happy it all worked out. I can’t wait to see Lawrence and have you there with me to drop off Jack.” Cas started playing with Dean’s hands, rubbing his fingers between his own fingers and thumbs.
“He may be eighteen, but he wasn’t driving four hours to get here without an adult in the car. Good thing I’m something of a fan of yours, as well.”
If their manager hadn’t signed off on this “unique opportunity” as he had put it, Dean would have headed home to Lawrence to spend Christmas with their parents while Sam and his longtime girlfriend Jessica would be with her family in Ohio. Instead, John and Mary, and Jessica had agreed to come to this small town in South Dakota to spend the holiday with their loved ones. Mary had called it a Christmas adventure and the light in her eyes had ensured John saw it the same way. They were due to arrive on the twenty-fourth of December in time for Scrapyard Dogs’ big concert. A car would pick them up at the airport in Sioux Falls and deliver them to the town the mayor herself described to the boys as a “Christmas wonderland.”
“What are you fools laughing at?” Dean took a seat next to Cas and kissed him as soon as he sat down. He put his arm around the back of Cas’ chair and leaned toward him.
When he had reached the couch, Cas took the same seat as before expecting Jack to join him. Instead, Dean had plopped down next to him with a smile that briefly faltered when he saw a look on his friend’s features he didn’t like. Cas had realized his face was revealing he was still brooding over that mystery glint in Dean’s eyes and he had chastised himself for it. So, he had a glint. It didn’t mean it was automatically bad.
“Don’t we need a lubricant?” The conversation had reverted to the business at hand.
“Can I kiss you?”
Dean was still buzzing from that afternoon, not all of which had to do with the concert. Having Cas there watching from the sidelines supporting him and having a great time managed to energize and calm Dean simultaneously. He had the same sensations the other night in the town square. After Sam and Jack left them backstage, he and Cas made out a little as there wasn’t time for much else and Dean gave him the rest of the tour. Then, they made out a little more.
Dean had lolled his head against the back of the sofa they were sitting on and laughed. “Not me. That’s for damn sure. I never expected to find someone to love, let alone be so fucking perfect for me. Who the hell did I do right by to get so damn lucky?”
“Oh, I’m not interested in cockblocking him. I’m rooting for him. He deserves a nice guy.” Her blue eyes narrowed. “Are
Being in this moment with the one he loved finally allowed him to drop his armor. He could almost hear it clang to the ground despite that ground being dirt and grass. Castiel’s touch unlocked all those doors he had padlocked ages ago, terrified of what it would mean. What it had meant was that he had kept his heart protected from the only entity in the known universe who knew how to care for it.
Another half-hour later, they were back on Main Street after checking out the Shurley Park amphitheater. It was bigger than either brother had expected from how Jody had described it and after scoping out where their instruments would go on the stage, they shared the same vision of how the setup would work in their favor. While it wasn’t nearly on the scale of larger amphitheaters, the intimacy was something Sam and Dean appreciated. Plus, the crowd could easily reach 500 people. Sam was starting to understand how he had underestimated this town. The grin on Dean’s face cracking the snobby shell the younger man had developed unintentionally.
“I was waiting for you to say the town has a blacksmith.” He was kidding. Kind of.
“Electric heaters. Get your ass in there, boy.” The surly scowl he wore softened when he caught Jody’s knowing grin.
The guttural moan that rolled out of his man went straight to Castiel’s half-hard cock. It was fortuitous his equipment still worked like a man’s. With his lover keening like he was, it wouldn’t take much more to make them both hard. Castiel’s tongue ran clockwise around the starburst, then counter-clockwise. Dean barely used words, but made his approval adamant.
Ensconced in Dean’s home, they were curled up on the couch, reminiscing about the ceremony. Dean had officially moved in three months ago, once he was able to schedule a time to bring out the rest of his belongings from California. Basically the only things he didn’t bring with him was his bed (which he sold) and Sam (who despite being on the precipice of moving into a new place with his fiancée Jessica kinda wanted to come along).
“I’ll hold you to that,” he whispered against Cas’ mouth.
With trepidation that was more nervous energy than anything, Dean pulled off the ribbon and lifted the lid. Inside was a pewter Metallica logo keychain with two keys attached. He huffed out a laugh when he saw the keychain. A moment later, the reality of the moment settled on him. Something didn’t compute. Seconds passed as he sorted through the possibilities. There was one he kept coming back to, so he asked his boyfriend.
Sonofabitch. He had been set up by the freaking mayor. There were two hotels in town: the White Spruce and another one on the other side of town called, appropriately enough, the Snow Falls Inn. Dean had learned this when researching the town online. Jody had conveniently failed to mention there were two hotels and now he understood why.
Jack insisted on
And was it ever. Sam announced this was the final song of the night. No encore as it was Christmas Eve and the band wanted everyone to go spend what was left of the evening with their loved ones just as they would be doing. He revealed the tune was an old family favorite (“Not that old!” his parents via microphone cried out to everyone’s amusement) and then brought their clan onto the stage, Bobby included.
He had taken himself in hand a lot in the past month.
What no one foresaw was how it had bonded them. They weren’t just brothers. They were best friends who did everything together; looked out for each other no matter what. Neither hesitated from pursuing whatever interested them, but it was a common interest that had landed them on an unexpected path. One that ensured they would be riding in an SUV to a small town in South Dakota that they had never heard of until a month ago.
This was Christmas.
Cas wore a Cheshire cat grin as he stepped into the bathroom and closed the door.
Cas’ heart sank as he watched Dean run from him like he had just seen a demon or worse, had been told the Wi-Fi was down. The lodge owner merely thought he was being friendly. He had said those words to thousands of customers over the years. Never had any of them reacted so oddly. It concerned him that he may have somehow offended Dean, when that was the last thing he wanted.
“Dean asked what my favorite Christmas songs were. Of course, I mentioned it. Never considered he would actually play it.”
Despite his own nakedness, Castiel was taken by how stunning his lover was in only a pair of jeans. Dean Winchester was to him what Michelangelo’s David was to the rest of the world: perfection. His heart raced as he crawled across the backseat to nibble on Dean’s ear. Castiel moaned along with him when Dean reached back to pull on the angel’s hair, twisting himself so their mouths met.
Was he just a friend though? They had shared many soft gazes and long embraces. More than a few days had been spent in the Impala working a case when Sam was off doing something else. Enough alcohol had been drunk to put Dean at least in the Betty Ford Clinic. And they literally had been to Hell (not to mention Purgatory) and back. All those arguments, fights, whatever had been driven by passion and love. There was always more to them than the ones he and Sam had though those could be just as nuclear.
“A little tricky, but we were able to reschedule with the venue for mid-October. Don’t worry about it. It all worked out. Luckily, our stock has risen since the Christmas Eve show, so they were more than happy to accommodate us as it’s an acoustic set and we weren’t outright bailing.”
Cas beamed proudly. “I do, actually. Sam, Jo, and Bobby have been quite helpful.”
This was better. His heart was pounding in his chest and from the vibration reverberating dully against his own, it seemed Dean’s heart was doing the same. Somehow, this helped his emotional state. Cas melted into Dean, planting a couple kisses along the other man’s shoulder before buying his face in his lover’s neck.
A woman in her early thirties with long red hair approached him on his left, next to Jack. Anna Milton was his assistant manager, who had just started her shift Cas realized. He had lost all track of time, but knew it must be some time after two. She informed him the phone call he had been expecting had come. Nodding, he thanked her and told her he would be there shortly.
“Our second, huh? So our first would have been….”
Abruptly ripped out of his reverie by a surly Bobby, it took Dean a few seconds to focus. When he did, he quickly crossed his legs to hide his erection. He did
“Not to me.” Jody joined their discussion. “I think it’s cute and spot on. Though officially we call it a winter wonderland.”
Eyes comically wide for a moment, Dean’s lips had formed a wolfish grin. “Get over here and kiss me quick with that dirty, dirty mouth of yours.”
the night after Dean dropped his proposal, “All I want is for you to be happy and aside from when you’re with me, I’ve never seen you so happy to be around anyone like you are with Dean. From what I’ve seen when you two are together, Dean is just as into you as you are him. Take the plunge, Dad. Tell him yes. I’m not going to be around as much come the fall. It will be as much for you as for me. I won’t worry so much if you’re together.”
Shaking his head, he made a resolution. “Letting him be is what I’m doing. I’m not good at putting myself out there. Each time I do, I’m the one left behind with a broken heart. This time, I’ll just have a bruised ego. Not so bad, really.”
For a moment, Cas thought Dean had fallen asleep. Until he felt Dean’s hand trail down his chest, over the cotton t-shirt he slept in, and slip under the dual waistbands of his pajama bottoms and boxers. Cas’ breath caught when Dean gripped his mildly interested cock and with a couple rough strokes had his cock’s full attention. The precum that pearled at the head was used as lube while Dean twisted the shaft and pulled with every stroke.
