“You know, just an impromptu meeting with the boss coming up, that may or may not end up with me being fired and having to find a whole new job, again.”
, and thought he was on the way to inventing time travel. The science behind it seemed legitimate enough, but the issues they encountered over safe navigation and locating the stones were enough to turn him away.
“You like rummaging around in the garage, huh? Well…so does your Daddy,” he murmured fondly as he pulled Peter into his arms tightly. The ridiculously small chair that he’d perched himself on creaked dangerously, forcing Tony up, onto his feet, his child still wrapped up protectively in his hold. “I guess we’re both a pair of trouble-makers then.”
Tony paced around his lab as FRIDAY put together the model he’d instructed. There was a small part of him that hoped it didn’t work, that it was all really just a pipe-dream. That he could stay where he was, with the family he loved and not have to risk losing them. The other, larger, part of him hoped for the opposite. He owed it to everyone who had lost, to at least try to make things right. Thinking of Pepper, and Bucky and the rest of the team, Tony knew this was the best chance they had at rectifying things.
Nat had understood that, as had the rest of the team. He wasn’t the only to leave after they’d found Thanos. Steve had come with him, obviously, but he also knew that Thor had disappeared and Bruce too – though he’d seen enough of him on the news and social media to know that he was doing OK, or at least as OK as a man who had somehow found himself as neither Bruce, nor Hulk, but somewhere in between. Barton hadn’t been heard from either, since the whole Accords mess really, but Tony had his own suspicions about that. So really, Nat was the only original Avenger left, but she’d been receiving help from new Allies, and remained based out of the compound. He was well aware that she wouldn’t have come all the way out here unless it was desperate.
Whoever it was that took him, must have taken Steve as well. It wouldn’t be the first time that they’d been kidnapped together. The man was crouched over beside where Tony sat, a look of deep concern etched into his features. He was looking a bit scruffier than he did last time he’d seen him, his face hardened, yet his eyes still holding a softness – one that Tony didn’t realise was reserved only for him. His face was also half covered by a thick beard now, hiding his chiselled jawline. Tony would have been upset by that, but he couldn’t hide the fact that the beard was attractive, maturing Steve’s appearance.
than the blonde would ever be. She looked tired though, with bags under her eyes and her face slightly gaunt. Not the same put-together Natasha from five years ago, that’s for sure.
“I can stop,” Tony started, half hoping Steve would force him to do so. “I can put a pin in it, right now.”
As if on cue, two firm knocks echoed off the thick steel door. Without looking back at Tony, though he sensed the flinch he gave at the sound, Steve strode over to the room’s only entrance, making a show of placing his thumb against the pad, before a green light signalled the door was unlocked. He hadn’t thought to allow anyone access to the room other than himself and Bucky at this stage, hence the knocking and the same went for his private rooms as well.
Tony smirked at the sluggishness in the boy’s voice, mentally filing away this image that caused a burst of warmth in his chest. “Yeah, bud, it’s me.”
Tony was well aware of the remorse that plagued Steve at the thought of his best friend, and no doubt the visit today was only amplifying that. He wanted to reach out, to comfort his husband, but he knew that the subject was sensitive, and Steve probably needed the alone time. Closing his eyes sadly, Tony turned away and headed into the kitchen to clean up.
Steve sighed at the distant expression that began to cloud over Tony’s face. He didn’t like him thinking back to that moment too much, blaming himself and reliving the loss of one of his best friends.
The situation wasn’t ideal, they’d had explicit instructions for Tony to remain unharmed, but they’d gotten him. Bucky just hoped that this would finally get Steve back on track.
Slowly, Tony’s eyelids began to flutter shut, as much as the man tried to resist it. Probably out of defiance more than anything else, he held Steve’s gaze with a glare, his jaw set as he inevitably began to drift off. Steve remained in position until he felt his body go limp. His eyes softened at the sight, the stress lines in Tony’s face fading away once more, his jaw slackening and his head lolling into his palm.
“You should rest; you’ve had to take in a lot today.” At that moment, Steve couldn’t be entirely sure whether the statement applied more to him or Tony. He could feel all of those hours without sleep creeping up on him.
Peter just smiled up at him. Tony’s eyes caught the small drops of the melted treat staining the corner of his mouth. He pulled his sleeve over his thumb and reached out to wipe it off. Peter pushed his hand away at the motion, but there wasn’t much effort behind it.
Steve and Sam were spread out on the sofa, which was probably quite an accomplishment since it was a fairly small one and they were both quite big guys, watching the baseball game in front of them. The Mets were winning, so at this point, Steve was feeling pretty happy.
The only sound coming from the room was the incessant ticking of the large grandfather clock in the corner. It seemed to blend in with the rest of the out-of-date furniture that had been crammed into the small office. Being the head of the newspaper, Steve had probably expected something a little more extravagant than a cosy corner office, but then again, it was a 22nd-floor room, with a magnificent view over the city. His boss just seemed to have given up the luxury of space in exchange.
He quickly moved on, wanting to leave that memory as far behind as possible, and began taking in more of Steve’s appearance. He was no longer wearing his traditional red, white and blue suit that they’d designed together, a sleek black one taking its place. He traced his eyes over it, appreciating the fit – in strictly a professional manner, from one designer to another – before his eyes found the red accents along the front of it. At first, he thought that was weird, considering this appeared to be a stealth suit.
So, tonight, once more, his men had failed to bring Tony to him. They’d planned an operation involving breaking into the compound and grabbing him during the night. Only the built-up paranoia had meant that Stark had upped the building’s security and the man knew they were at the building before they had even entered it. The ensuing battle had meant more than half the men on the operation had failed to return, and once again he didn’t have Tony where he should be. They were getting too obvious in their attempts, and Steve knew he needed much more capable individuals on the job.
Tony sighed, knowing where this was going. “Part of me wants to lock it in a chest and throw it to the bottom of the lake. To just go to bed and move on.”
the stone by Strange, before proceeding to murder almost everyone else that was with me. Not exactly a fight, huh? Even with Pepper and the rest of them, we hardly managed a scratch on him.”
Tony smiled at his son, who was lying down in bed, a satisfied look on his face. Tony held the remnants of the orange flavoured ice block that Peter had chosen. He hadn’t eaten much of it, leaving the majority to Tony.
Tony scoffed. "Yeah, after exhausting every alternative and trying to find some way to be right on a technicality."
"Shh…babe, it's OK. It's going to be OK. We'll get through it. Remember? That's what you said. We'll get through this. It'll be OK. We'll figure it out."
what the news reports insisted was the fate of the best thing that had ever happened to him, but even he, in the cold light of day, could admit that his insistence on Steve still being alive sounded like nothing more than the insane ravings of a lunatic. He
He took a sip, jostling a bit as Steve cuddled closer, and Natasha muttered a swear under her breath as the brush slipped and painted a red splash on the side of Tony's toe. She looked up at Steve and said a cool and even, "I'm busy. Fondle him later."
He fought to get up and then sighed a little when he saw nothing had been disturbed. Steve probably hadn't even come to check on him, and he grumbled and struggled to his feet and rubbed his belly some more. His stomach growled, and realizing he hadn't eaten since breakfast, he quietly made his way out of the bedroom so not as to disturb Steve and Barnes too much in their trip down memory lane.
"Don't have a leg to stand on, Stark." He turned his attention to Steve. "Your better half over here got hit by an EMP and got knocked out of the sky. Probably fell a good hundred feet. In a dead tin can."
no less, his greatest disappointment. Tony knew he'd never be able to figure out — even if the answer was staring him right in the face — what his old war buddy could ever see in the snot-nosed brat that he would never stop saying could 'do better' than what he was doing.
Steve frowned and watched as Tony closed in on himself again, shaking his head, muttering 'no,' before he finally looked up and said, "I can't. I can't do it. I can't let this happen unless I know — I
“It’s just difficult,” Steve finally said. “I’ve never had to go so long without seein’ him, not since we’ve been together, not for a very long time.”
“You’ve been completely fucked by me a few times this week, baby boy.” Tony shot back. “Try a different phrase. I’ll wait.”
The one named Anthony Stark shrieked like a small female child when woken. It would never get to have quiet around Anthony Stark. It wanted to leave and find quiet. This room was loud with music and machines and the Stark.
Steve leaned over Tony’s head to kiss Bucky’s cheek again and murmured. “Your daddy wants to be used, love. You gonna make him happy?”
“It was because of me.” Bucky interrupted. “You keep saying things aren’t my fault, but I did those things. I hurt you. Fuck, I’ve hurt a lot of people. I may not have chosen to do that or realized what I was doing, but I still did it.” Bucky’s gaze turned inward for a long while, and Steve waited patiently for him gather his thoughts. Eventually, he looked back up and focused on Steve before asking, “Do you think I have a soul?”
Once their glasses were full, they raised them in a toast. “To my loves, I promise to do anything to keep you and to keep deserving you,” Tony said in what had become his traditional toast. The two boys repeated the sentiment.
“This is your medial temporal lobe, and it’s mostly in charge of your memory and your body’s responses to memories through this region called the limbic system. As you can see, it’s lit up with an overwhelming amount of activity.”
Apparently, Bucky heard the offer too because he just rolled his eyes. “If you say what you’re thinkin’ right now, they’re gonna have to arrest me for striking a superior officer. Of course, me and Tony are comin’ with you.”
“I spoke to Lucille, Tony. I asked about the guys who ended up in the hospital while she was workin’. She said they sounded drunk or crazy, talkin’ about a shadow that moved too fast for them to see. Tellin’ them to make better life choices or leave Brooklyn.” He huffed out an almost laugh. “Or my personal favorite, quoting the bible to them as he beat the shit out of them. The book of Ezekiel, Tony? I had no idea you’d even read the bible.”
“I didn’t exactly plan on being here.” Tony muttered, but he knew they heard him. “I was supposed to have a meeting with an associate,” he continued, thinking on his feet while trying to be truthful, “but apparently, they’d already been working with someone else and hadn’t told me. It was something of a hostile takeover and I was given the boot. I, uh, kind of lost everything.”
It wasn’t long after that when the screams finally started. It seemed an eternity before they stopped.
“To test your limits.” Tony finished for him. “Do you picture it rougher than what Bucky likes? A little less care giving and praise? You said you wanted to feel it.”
The sounds behind them were growing louder, dirtier as Tony and Steve held each other’s eyes. Tony didn’t know what Steve was thinking of. Was his arousal just a simple physical response of pent up frustration mixed with the provocative noises in the other room? Was he only focusing on the woman’s sounds, like porn? Was he looking at Tony to try to control himself by reminding his cock that he wasn’t alone and needed to behave? He couldn’t be affected  by Tony’s arousal, surely?
“Of course, Mr. Sutton, let us know if you require anything else,” the man answered as he handed over the I.D. card and last key to Tony.
Understandably, he didn’t want to have to replace the relatively new piece of expensive equipment so he’d been bringing in anyone he could find that might be able to fix the ice generator.
“Sir, yes sir.” Tony saluted as he left the two to take a quick shower. Thanks to that smirk Bucky had given him it was a lot cooler than the one he’d originally planned on taking. After he’d dried off and dressed in a fresh set of comfortable clothes, he made his way back to the kitchen.
He exhaled. Fuck it. He loved them. He trusted them. If they didn’t mind, then he could do this. He grabbed the bottom of the shirt and pulled it off.
Steve rounded the island counter and stood in front of Bucky. He softly cupped his cheek. “You may be right about some of those things,” he conceded. “I’m not going to tell you how you should feel about what has happened to you, but I will tell you how I feel. I don’t believe you ever lost your soul, Buck. I can’t. There’s too much that proves otherwise.”
this. I was too proud and blind to what I was doing, to the lives I ruined because of my negligence. That’s who I am. My own father couldn’t get rid of me fast enough, and the man I thought of as an uncle, who helped raise me, tried to kill me, twice! And I never saw it coming. That’s how broken I am. I thought a murderer loved me, but he tolerated me like everyone else so he could use me.”
Anthony Stark just stared at its shoulder. He looked sad. Why does it always make the tower’s occupants sad? It didn’t think its previous handlers were ever sad. Stark breathed deeply but unsteadily. Was he malfunctioning?
He tried to do as Bucky said. He felt others hands running over his back and realized that it must be Steve. They were both here. They were safe, and Tony could breathe.
He never let himself wonder for too long because wishing never got anyone anything. If you wanted something, you worked for it, no matter how difficult it was. His ma had taught him that. Steve should have remembered that when it came to Tony. He’d resigned himself to loving him quietly and wishing things could be different. If it hadn’t been for Bucky, who knows if he’d ever have gotten his head out of his ass?
“That’s what it sounds like to me,” Steve said stubbornly. “Why the hell are you going along with this?”
They were in no hurry as hands slid over skin. Their mouth’s found the other’s most sensitive places, pulling gasps and moans from them. It was unrushed and left them feeling relaxed and exhausted by the time they were finished. Tony knew that the next three days would be spent in much the same way, just as he knew Bucky would be the focus of his and Steve’s ministrations.
He’d heard Howard chuckle quietly as his father had looked down at his project, and Tony had rolled his eyes before leaving the lab. He’d still had a lot of work to catch up on around the neighborhood anyway. This would just allow him to get to it faster.
Tony wanted to say that he’d built far more impressive robots than the little wind-up toys he’d thrown together, but of course, he couldn’t. “I just appreciate your help with this. I’d have probably thrown my back out if I’d tried to carry it by myself.”
It was certain the one named Steve knew how to knock. Knocking was a basic function, like shooting and running.
They both looked at him, clearly conflicted and near panicking as they tried to process the scene around them. Eventually, they both nodded in silent agreement and wrapped an arm around either side of him to help him walk, which was nice because Tony could feel the strength leaving him. God, he was out of shape. He hadn’t sparred in months.
He knew that Steve really missed Bucky, and Tony knew he was worried about Bucky going off to war and not returning. Tony wondered how much of Steve’s determination to join the army wasn’t because he had to follow where Bucky went, even if it literally was to the end of the line. Tony knew that both of his boys loved him deeply, but they had loved each other first. They had loved each other for over half a decade before they met Tony. Yes, they loved Tony, but the love they had for each other was different. Not better or stronger, just different.
Steve looked a little relieved at that because he knew that Tony had never broken a promise he’d made. He still looked worried. “What about your contract?” He asked. “You’ll lose the hospital’s business and the benefits you got for us.”
“Good,” Steve nodded before he said, “It’s gonna be OK, Tony. We’ll get to ride on a ship and visit some countries and maybe entertain some soldiers along way.”
The guards both moved forward to follow his orders as the men in the cage began to fight back, protecting the one that had been singled out. The guards used clubs to beat the men down before finally grabbing one and dragging him from the cell. The man in the white coat calmly closed the cell door after them.
“Most likely not,” Erskine agreed, “but I think I understand why you need it. At least, as much as I can understand.” He looked at Tony speculatively as they released hands. “It’s harder than I imagined it would be, not knowing. I want to ask if I am close. Who is the individual that will help me realize my dream, the good man who will become great.” He sighed. “Almost every soldier I see is the same. Strong men who want to be stronger. Bullies looking for a new target to attack.”
The sounds of someone entering the room filled him with fear, but he couldn’t move. The restraints on the table did their job of holding him down very well. They held him down, trapped in his pain, confusion and body fluids. At least he’d become too dehydrated to piss on himself again. He could still hear the person in the room, along with the scraping and crashing noises of things being moved quickly.
Once they were finally inside, Tony went straight to the couch to lay down. He sighed in relief as he laid back against the cushions.
It was all his mind could process as Steve now hammered into the sensitive bundle of nerves with every thrust, his hand trailing along Tony’s chest and tracing every scar.
“Don’t make me promises,” Steve told him, cutting through Tony’s assurances. “Don’t just say you won’t leave. You’re already in the army, and even though you keep telling me it’s just a few days of consulting here and there, we both know that could change. All they have to do is tell you to pack, and you’ll have to leave. I’ll be here alone and still trying to enlist.”
“If you say that you’re fine, so help me God, Tony, you will regret lying to me!” Steve was really upset. No, he was really
Tony was shaking his head, about to interject, but James beat him to it. “Stevie’s right. Look, I hope you can get this sorted out and these people can help, but if they can’t, don’t worry about not havin’ a place to go. You’re welcome to stay. We’ll figure it out one day atta time, right?”
Bucky fully appreciated that fact because the memory of being between Steve and Tony, having them both inside him was…fucking amazing. He’d never been so overwhelmed, and he already craved to feel that again. Tony had taken such good care of him and given him exactly what he wanted, needed. Even if he’d always kinda hated that part of himself. Not the part that loved Steve, he could never hate being with Steve. Steve was his everything for most of his life.
“What do you mean you promise to get outta our hair?” Steve sounded almost angry. The question seemed to make Bucky realize what Tony had said, and his face morphed into confusion before dropping into a matching scowl.
“Mmmhhh,” Tony hummed appreciatively at how desperate Steve sounded. He released Steve’s hips, only to reach forward and grab Steve’s biceps, pulling his hands off the bed to arch Steve’s back as Tony held him on his dick. He was completely at Tony’s mercy.
Steve watched as Bucky bit into the small piece of candy then looked at Tony with grateful joy in his eyes. “Thank you, Tony,” Bucky said after he’d chewed and swallowed. “I never thought I’d miss C-rats.”
When Joe was knocked out by the final punch, Bucky had choked out Tony’s name. He was in shock. He couldn’t believe this was the same man he’d taught how to dance, the same man that had surprised them with the best Christmas they’d had in over half a decade. But that thought quickly left when he saw the red stain on Tony’s stomach, and worry won out.
It was all Steve could do at the moment to take care of him. The truth was that Steve didn’t know how to make this better for the man. His own trauma was so different from Bucky’s, and Steve felt like he was barely able to do this. It was clear that Bucky had remembered some of the abuse he’d suffered at HYDRA’s hands, but that was all Steve knew.
“But I am going to, nonetheless. I’m sensing you’re a stubborn individual, but I promise you, I’m at least, if not more, stubborn than you. So, what do you say we save ourselves some time and start walking?”
Tony moved back to continue tonguing him open, leaving one hand to keep him spread apart. The other moved down to scoop some of the Vaseline onto three of his fingers. He pulled his head back and slowly circled one lubed finger around Bucky’s spit slicked hole before pushing inside. Already loosened from Tony’s efforts, the ring of muscle gave way as Tony easily buried the digit to the second knuckle.
“Remind me to never get on your bad side, Captain,” Monty said as he finally looked back up to Steve’s face. “I’d quite like my head to stay on my shoulders.”
Steve and Bucky just chuckled before they finally settled into the rest of their flight. Bucky’s approach just seemed to be keeping his eyes closed and pretending he wasn’t there. Steve just seemed like he wanted to rest before he had to deal with all the meetings ahead of him. Tony used the time to think.
What was he going to do? It had been hard enough to keep his distance and act normal, like a friend and nothing more, when he thought they were straight and it would be a hopeless endeavor. Now he knew they were together, but it was still just as hopeless for him.
“The only place I’ve been to besides New York is Jersey.” Bucky supplied. “Now, who knows where I might end up.”
Tony knew from experience that this hurt like hell while temporarily limiting mobility to the limb. The guy cried out and stumbled. It was all Tony needed to spin around and kick the legs out from under him. With the guy flat on his back, he didn’t think twice before striking out and landing a blow against his temple. The guy didn’t get up.
He sucked the thick, muscled neck and enjoyed the fact that even though a lot had changed about Steve, his partner still smelled and tasted the same. Steve let out a sigh as his head fell back to give Tony more access.
Tony went over and sank down to kneel on his chest, noting that the cracked rib must be protesting under his weight. Wrapping his hand around the thick neck, he squeezed just hard enough to make breathing difficult and get Joe’s undivided attention.
Tony looked down to his black Armani boxer briefs. Yeah, he hadn’t thought about that. “Fashion’s a little different on the west coast,” he answered ambivalently.
Once Tony nodded yes, Steve began to carefully unwrap the linen, getting close each time he reached around Tony’s back to grab the unraveling cloth. When it was gone, he gently peeled off the stained gauze that was slightly sticking to Tony’s abdomen.
“Bruce,” he said quietly, getting the man’s attention before taking a breath and finishing, “last night, we remembered something about Tony.”
Bucky had tears running down his face as he admitted, “I’m scared, Steve. I don’t...I hate being this way, and I’m scared that I always will be.”
“Now that I can kind of remember what it was like, and who I used to be,” Bucky continued, “it’s hard not to hate myself. The thing is that I didn’t feel this way before, not really, not like this. I knew there was something wrong with me. I just didn’t like the thought of being defective and not understanding what you wanted from me. I knew I should care more, but I couldn’t so I didn’t.” He looked at Steve. “I was a ghost, a living ghost. You were suffering because of it, and I didn’t care. Soulless.”
Tony continued. “I also wanted to explain about the chemicals and the drop they can cause first, because sometimes in certain instances the dominant can experience something similar, and I wanted to prepare you for that.”
“Aw, Buck,” Steve nearly whined, “You know I wish you wouldn’t. You don’t have to keep trying to set me up.”
Steve remembered back to this morning and the curiosity he had felt toward being with Tony. “I really liked sharing control with you, but when I was watching you with Bucky, it made me wonder…what it would feel like to be in Bucky’s place.”
The other two talked lightly as they walked through the cold December air, unaware that Tony was silently planning to make the yuletide gay, um…happy. Tony sighed.
Bucky knew Tony could be rude, but he was never like that to them in his memories. But then he had to remind himself that it wasn’t the same Tony. That was the Tony who performed for other people when he felt stressed or vulnerable. Bucky missed his Tony. His Tony was so sweet and loving and gentle, and Bucky ached with the need to have him here. It was selfish because he had Steve, and his partner was doing so much to take care of him, but he felt like it wouldn’t be enough without Tony there, too.
“So to clarify,” Tony began, “sometimes you’d want to continue topping with Bucky, but you think that there may be times when you’d want to be dominated by me?”
“It’s not any trouble, Bucky.” Steve again told him patiently as he looked up and smiled. “We all were going to have to eat soon anyway, and like you said, this was your favorite.”
Steve didn’t, nor did he want to, know what had happened between the two men. For the first couple of weeks after Rebirth when Steve had begun to tour with group, the man would make comments about Tony’s presence there. He would make remarks about Steve hiring his own assistant. One day after making several of those increasingly rude comments, Steve had watched Tony follow the man into the room he was using as his office for that particular show.
Phillips nodded, “That’s why we’re going to fight fire with fire. I should have used him from the start, but I can’t change that so I’m using him now. Tell me, why did you really stick around with Rogers on the tour?”
“I promise that you’ll never lose me,” Tony told him, “and I think Bucky would say the same.” It was low of Tony to make such a promise for Bucky when Tony knew what had happened to him the first time, but he had to.
Steve easily disengaged the harness and fell the nearly twenty feet to the ground, landing on his feet.
Steve knows his face must have shown his confusion because Thor added, “I simply need to look for something, something beyond the physical. Your hand, please?”
Tony was becoming a pillar in the community, and his business was booming because of it. He couldn’t walk down the street without being stopped by at least three people asking how he was or if he could find the time to fix something of theirs. Women flirted and asked for his time, but he would politely refuse. He was courting someone, after all.
Tony and Howard fight their own private war. Tony with Steve is adorable. We check in with Bucky at basic training and learn the thoughts he hasn't shared in his letters. In the present Steve finally learns to let go of some of his burdens as Bucky pushes himself to be there for his doll.
Steve didn’t understand what Bucky could possibly be sorry about. Steve was the one who… “You too?” Steve hissed incredulously as understanding dawned on him.
Tony wanted to kiss him, but he didn’t know if Steve would be Ok with that considering where Tony’s mouth had just been. Instead, he gently ran the hand not holding his cock down Bucky’s spine and settled it on his hip. He softly said, “Breathe, sweetheart,” before he pushed past the muscled ring and was finally inside him.
Tony looked to watch Steve and Bucky. They were transfixed. They sat completely still and were staring at the radio, hardly blinking. Tony wondered about Steve in particular. What was the future Captain America getting from this speech? Was this one of the driving forces that made Steve refuse to accept no as an answer from enlistment offices? No, Tony decided. It may have spurred him on and fueled the outrage he already felt, but Steve was a fiery little punk that didn’t accept anyone’s limitations but his own.
At least he now had a plan and not just some hypothetical situations that he couldn’t act on yet. It was something that gave him a great sense of relief, and he knew the only reason any of this was possible was because of his new friend Abraham. The man been true to his word, and had gone above and beyond in his promise to help Tony. Erskine had vetted him through the process of not only joining the army, but had vouched for him to the head of the SSR.
They were left in uncomfortable silence, and neither looked happy at the thought of being the first one to break it. To Tony’s everlasting surprise, Howard was the first one to speak.
“Uhn, yes!” Tony’s voice was rough, and his eyes looked glazed. “Please, Steve, it’s so much. It feels so good. I
He just gave in to everything he felt, everything they were giving. The aftershocks were being chased away by the oversensitivity of every movement and touch.
“I know, you looked like you needed it quite a few times today, but I’m so proud of you, Steve. You made it through the show, and spent the day making Jacobson want cry over your poor Brooklyn accent.”
Bucky and Dugan just nodded. Bucky felt years older than when they’d arrived here, but that was to be expected. The days were tedious, filled with back breaking labor that left them all too tired to stand when they returned to their cells. They were fed a bowl of some kind of slop in the morning, then again during the day. The nights were just filled with hunger and exhaustion.
“I don’t think I’m ready to know what those last few things mean.” Bucky said as Steve nodded in agreement.
He continued for another couple of minutes, scissoring his fingers and loosening Bucky, hitting his prostate every few strokes. “One more, sweetheart. You ready?” God knew Tony was, but like Bucky, he was very thick and knew he had to work in another finger to prep him properly.
Bucky nodded, “We’re just thankful that wasn’t the only option because that would have…been somethin’ else for us to handle. I don’t really wanna think about it. We’re not judging you or anythin’, but…”
It was like the closer they’d gotten to Italy; the worse Tony’s mood became. Steve knew Tony had bad experiences with war zones, but he couldn’t say much more at the moment to help soothe his anxiety. “I doubt we’ll run into trouble,” he added.
“Didn’t know Bucky could dance so well.” He nodded toward the center of the room where Bucky and his date were tearing up the floor to Frankie Masters’
Steve couldn’t even hide his disappointment as he looked down then back to Bucky. “I should be going.”
"Goodnight," Tony murmured in return, the quiet of their surroundings somehow lulling him into slumber.
Tony shrugged and pulled the waffle off the iron. Rhodey held up his plate, and Tony slid it onto the sticky surface then scooped up the last of the batter and poured it onto the iron's surface.
"He's down in his workshop," Bruce said as the downstairs came in view, and he saw Tony just stepping off the elevator and making his way across the broad living area toward the refurbished bar. Olivia went flying down the steps, not even bothering to hold onto the railing, and Bruce's heart jumped into this throat as he watched, waiting for her to take a massive tumble.
He turned his attention back to them, and they exchanged looks before Steve said, "There…might be some extenuating circumstances."
iffy on. Oh, he means well, and he loves you. Don't think that he doesn't. But, well, he's just not—"
He went to take a step toward the kitchen, but his bladder had other ideas, and he went upstairs to relieve himself first then came back down and padded into the kitchen.
"Mmm hmm. It's stupid, but that's literally the thing that goes through my mind whenever you do that. I don't know if it's because you seem to have
"Dude," Wilson said shot a pointed look from where he sat behind Barnes, "he makes 'special brownies,' and I
"I mean, in general, you're— Uh, I used to be an art student, and you've got— Um, your physique is, uh—"
He grimaced, looking embarrassed and humbled. "Yeah. But that doesn't mean I don't want you — the real you — too. I just…" He reached up and scratched his head. "I know I have no leg to stand on here, not compared to you, but I'm just so goddamned confused by this whole thing."
Now, he was face-to-face with the man that had pulled the trigger, the man that had made him an orphan, the man that had put a multi-million dollar company into his hands at the age of twenty- one. Here was the man that had taken his mother from him, and all he could think, all he could do, all he wanted—
He chased after her, taking breaths to make sure he kept himself calm because he wasn't sure that Olivia was aware of the whole situation with the Hulk, and there was no need to traumatize her any more than…
"Pretty sure I earn my keep by kicking ass," Wilson muttered as he shoved disposable cups into a garbage bag.
He shrugged, the last of his shivers yet to leave him, his gaze focused on the light strands of hair on top of the baby's otherwise bald head. "Hadn't really thought about it," he said, the words a little shaky. "I guess given the fact that the power's still out— It's still out, right?"
Tony hummed and nestled the baby into his arms. "Yeah, well, I'm not really sure how to feel about that one."
He stepped a little closer and peered at himself in the mirror, last night's dream only partially forgotten and his conversation yesterday with Thor still ringing in his ears. He squinted and looked for the telltale signs of aging — wrinkles, maybe a gray hair — and found nothing. He was ninety-six and didn't look anything close to it, and if things kept going the way they looked to be, he'd never look anything close to it.
" she snapped, dropping her hand from her nose and glaring at him. "Where did she even come from? Who is she? How do you even know she's really your daughter?"
Bruce clicked on the last empty tube to fill, and Tony watched the blood seep in slower than it had on the first tube and said, "Is this your way of trying to tell me something?"
Tony just grumbled again about, "You and that goddamned phone," and began to clean up the mess again while Olivia got up and toddled over to Steve, dragging the toy telephone with her — not by the lead but by the receiver. She held her arms out to him, and he reached down and scooped her up then plopped her onto the cushion beside him.
"Yeah," he finally said, smiling at Steve like he'd just come to realize something he'd always known deep down. "It is."
Tony pointed to the far wall. "Door is that way, Barton. See yourself out. I'd say don't let it hit you in the ass, but JARVIS will make certain to beat you with it several times before you're able to escape."
Steve turned to him, a wry smile on his face, and he said, "Did you really have to chase her off like that?"
He blinked, frowning, and Esmeralda stepped away from him like it had all gone according to plan. He looked down at his hands like somehow they held the answer to everything then looked back up at Esmeralda and said, "Uh, did it work?"
"It really is a shame to do this. I love looking at your eyes, and the makeup looks fantastic." He felt Steve kiss his shoulder. "But I only want you feeling. I don't want you seeing, and I don't want you anticipating, understand?"
He nodded and decided to play along. Unless he wanted to jump out of a moving vehicle (not like he hadn't done it before), he would have to. At least for a little while longer. "But I'm guessing
Tony made a 'hmph' sound and said, "Sounds boring. God, getting stuck with you over and over again?"
"Mmm…the director evidently did. I really thought overnight television had gotten better than this," he mused and pulled up a channel guide.
But Thor just smiled in the warm and understanding way he had. "It is I that should apologize. I forget that you are not of a kind that is accustomed to living so long. You would find not joy in such a lengthened lifespan but misery, especially being separated from your bonded." He stepped away and motioned to the elegant woman checking her cuticles like she was bored. "It is why I asked the Goddess Esmeralda to come."
"Yeah, but that's you doing something to yourself. It's different when someone else is sticking you."
Olivia opened her mouth in a little yawn and cracked her eyes to look at him, and Tony reached out a hand and trailed light fingers against the top of her head and added, "But today is clearly not that day."
"If anything ever happens, and you revert back to the way you were before the war, I'll totally revise that to short, scrawny, and ornery."
Tony just blinked at him again, almost feeling like he'd been betrayed. "Did any of you think to, I don't know,
They fell into silence again, and another song started with the line, 'And so this is Christmas…' He listened for a moment — this song definitely hadn't existed in 1944, and he doubted that Hydra had any Tin Pan Alley songwriters on the payroll — until Tony broke the silence by saying, "Did you mean that?"
Because if he didn't know better, he'd say the guy was grappling with some undiagnosed depression or PTSD or something.
it's been over fifty years. It happened before either one of us was even born. For the Cap, it's been, what, a month?"
Not that Thor seemed to notice this venom. If he did, he did a damned good job of hiding whatever he thought of it, as he just smiled at Steve, plainly, like what he was about to say was the simplest thing in the world.
"It's OK," Steve said and put firm, solid hands on either of Tony's bare shoulders. "It's OK. It's probably—" He stopped short and considered something. "Wait, I read about this somewhere. What did you say it was? What it felt like, I mean?"
Tony met his gaze, and there was stubborn confrontation wired into his jaw, but there was also a twinkle of warm delight in his eye.
Pepper would… Well, Pepper would probably stay away for a while. But that was OK. He could handle them. What was he supposed to do? Put her up for adoption? Abandon her on the street? They didn't know what universe she even came from. What if they were able to tap in that, and what if they sent her to the wrong universe? A bad universe? A universe of war where some horrible alien race had conquered and enslaved humanit—
"Eh," Steve said as they heard the telltale sounds of a door unlatching or unlocking, "not saying the guy doesn't deserve it. Haven't had the time to do it, though. I'll get around to talking to him at some point. Hear he can be a stubborn son-of-a-bitch."
Rhodey's eyes went a little concerned at that, his head tilted like he couldn't believe Tony had just said what he'd said, and Steve grabbed hold of his hand and gave his arm a slight tug to get Tony to turn his attention to him.
"No, baby," he said because he was content to let her believe she was where she truly belonged a little while longer. "We're not. Anyone wants to take us away from him, they're going to have a fight on their hands."
"Yeah," Steve said, and warmth and gratitude flooded Tony's entire being at the amount of fondness that was in Steve's voice. "I am." The door slammed into the back of Steve's chair again. "
Tony led her off the car and through the living area and into the kitchen. Rhodey was still passed out on the couch. "Please note that from this moment on, you're to address my daughter as 'Young Miss' rather than 'Miss Olivia.'"
Steve shot a pointed and somewhat annoyed look at her, which didn't even seem to faze her, if the unimpressed smirk was anything to go by, and he turned back to Tony and put gentle hands on his arms and softened his face to something less murder-y.
It was pretty cool at first — being with 'Captain America' — and he wasn't kidding when he said it was awe-inspiring watching him rush headlong into danger. Just the fact that he was really Captain America, the hero he'd grown up with (and been compared to, but that was a tangent for another time) and had been inspired by and had wanted to make proud.
"It wasn't supposed to be backhanded," he said and leaned forward a little. He reached out with an unsure and tentative hand like he wanted to brush his finger against Olivia's cheek. Tony considered this a moment then said, "You want to hold her?"
He landed with a hard and painful thump that knocked the wind out of him, and he couldn't even maneuver the arms to trigger the manual-release latches. He could still feel his extremities, which was a good thing, though he'd probably be achy as fuck for the next couple days. He sighed out loud and said, "Well, hopefully they don't just leave me here."
Steve just eyed him a moment before he turned his attention to Esmeralda. "You going to make him stay like that the rest of his life?"
He stared at it, blinking, his mind immediately taken back to where he didn't want it to, to that short period of time just after the Battle of New York when a portal had opened up in his workshop and a mouthy blonde with dark eyes and an attitude three times the size of her body had entered his world for a brief time. He could still see her sitting in the kitchen and asking for her 'Elsa' cup and sitting at the coffee table in the living room as she drew pictures of her family with
"Yeah, well, maybe if I'd lost out on the baby-naming, I'd have to comfort myself with a pool of ketchup, too."
"Well, it's not," Tony said and swiped at a screen to read over the next page. "And they should be nervous. Anything happens to me, Captain America is the rightful owner of Stark Industries. It's in my will— I think it's in my will. J?" he called out and glanced up at the— Oh, for the love of— "I ever get my will amended?"
"Yeah," Steve said and shot a sour look at her. "That's the reason you should try to avoid hurting him."
"Oh! Hey!" Rhodey said, jerking back a little before he set hesitant hands on his back. "Yeah. OK. We're doing this, huh? Oh. Wow," he said as he tightened his arms just a fraction. "This, uh, this feels weird. Have we done this since you got, uh…? I don't think we, uh…"
Tony shrugged as Olivia continued to suckle from him. "It doesn't, really. Guess you're just more sensitive than I am."
Barnes blinked, and the cloudiness left his eyes as he turned his attention back to him. "I take it that went over well."
As Steve went to ask Buck and Sam what the issue was, Thor boomed out, "Steven! This Midgardian festival entertainment is most delightful! Come join us to partake!"
Tony would have said something about Steve making the decision to allow a former Hydra agent — the fucking
So, Barton, Thor, and Wilson left with Steve, taking him god-knew-where, and Tony was left in the penthouse with Hill, Natasha, Bruce, and Rhodey. Tony sat down on the couch, arms folded as he pouted while the others cleaned up the mess from dinner, and after they'd finished and Natasha and Hill made their way to the living area to take seats around the TV, Tony said, "This was rude, I want you to know that."
"All right," the doctor said, cutting into their bickering, "I have a few more questions for you." She picked up her tablet again and began to look over it. "Now, can I presume you have been continuing to have sexual relations with each other during the course of this pregnancy? I see you did check that you're currently sexually active."
Bruce turned to Tony in surprise, but Tony held his hands up like Bruce was on his own on this one. Which, whatever, it wasn't like she'd called him—
. Period," he said. "And don't listen to anything Fury says about Howard loving me deep-down or whatever bullshit he comes up with in his super-secret spy cave. Howard had no use for me from the day I was born except to figure out a way to synthesize a new element."
"There?" he asked tentatively, but Tony just hummed a little and sat a little straighter, arching into the feel.
"You know how Steve'll keep going until he passes out from blood loss," Natasha said, giving Steve what Tony could only interpret as her 'you're an idiot' face.
On the other hand, it did make him wonder how good a lover he'd been in the past. He couldn't possibly
"Why would you desire to?" Thor asked, genuinely confused. "Bondmates are souls that are perfect matches for one another. They are each other's true balance. They are… I believe even on Midgard they are the most desired pairing one can have."
Bruce shared a look with Steve before he turned to Tony and said, "I am, Tony, but I agree it would be a good thing to run some tests to make sure everything's going the way it should. You
"When this is all supposed to be over. I didn't— I never did the— I guess I didn't think about it, really." He blinked and looked at Steve. "Do I have an actual
Tony winked at him, smiling as he did so. "You're worth it. And yes, I'm flirting with you. This is what flirting looks like."
Steve went quiet a moment, almost like he was embarrassed. "I delivered newspapers," he said after a beat of silence.
leak as in do not make me laugh to hard or I'll fucking wet myself. Literally. My hips ache because, as I understand it, my joints are spreading in preparation to push an entire
"No, I get that. I do. You did what you thought you had to do. You thought you were doing the right thing— He didn't fight you
Pepper reached out and snagged a firm hold of his arm. "They're not. They're not going to know anything, and they're not going to
He nodded, and he let his gaze go a little unfocused again as he thought about what he was being offered — and how selfish of him it would be to take it.
Tony stared at Rhodey a moment, his vision going a bit blurry as he bit his lip to keep it from wobbling, and beside him, he heard Steve say, "Look at that. You got him crying."
"That's it. Atta girl. Now you've got it," he said as they found a rhythm, Steve thrusting and stroking and Tony sucking. "You can come now, Antonia. You can come whenever you want. I want you to come. I want to watch your face as you come."
Tony raised an eyebrow at him, and Barnes went just a little glum, shoving his hands in his pockets and hanging his head some.
But Darcy just smiled at him, and she blinked slowly and scrunched her nose a little and said, "How much is this secret worth to you?"
Tony finished his juice and reached over to set the glass on the coffee table, jostling Steve only the slightest bit to do so. He plucked the glass from Steve's hand and set it beside his empty one then snuggled down more into the couch and put tight arms around him, his fingers working their way back into Steve's hair.
Steve continued to grin proudly as he went back to his meal. "But you admit I used it in the correct context."
that sex with Steve was merely comfortable. Clearly, it was more than that if he could kneel here and fucking
Tony sucked in a breath. "Jesus, talk about whiplash. When you're not laser-focused on something, you have the attention span of a gnat."
Steve merely shrugged. "Just painting a room." And then, he'd pointed a firm finger at Tony and said, "But absolutely
Tony just rocked once, twice, in the chair, pushing back gently so as not to disturb the feeding baby or the ache between his legs. Well, evidently Barnes wasn't wasting any time at all in righting the wrong of not telling Steve everything he could about the Winter Soldier. "Uh, not sure. I don't know. Did he happen to say
"Yeah, bullshit," Tony muttered and wiped his mouth off, standing back up after Wilson had muttered something about 'the princess' getting his fat ass off of him and shoved him off. "I still remember that bullshit you pulled at the cabin. You're not a goddamned mama bird."
Steve shot him an amused, sidelong smile. "We agreed we wanted a boy. That doesn't mean we're getting one."
Barnes just looked between them, eyes squinted in confusion, before he said, "Am I…dead? Is this a dream?"
"Yeah, but we can't even find Loki's glow stick or Strucker, so for all we know, there's some gaps in that database."
"How is he?" he asked without preamble. "Is he OK?" His arm was wrapped with gauze, a rust- red splotch of blood visible on it, and Bruce was tending to the wound in his stomach, applying gauze pads while Natasha ran an intravenous line.
Barnes just nodded at Steve's suggestion, and Steve tightened his arms around Tony, giddy, like a child hugging a stuffed animal that had just been told Santa was coming that very night.
"On certain wasteful things, yes, of course," Welch replied airily. "I think we can all agree that superpowered freaks should be kept under lock and key. Though—" He looked Tony over. "I know some people that would be very interested to get their hands on
"Probably almost ten hours. Don't worry," Natasha said, the hint of a soft, loving smile on her lips. "We didn't forget about you."
Did this joint have a bathroom they could use for, like, five minutes? Five was probably good enough, right?
Steve took a breath, and Tony couldn't tell if he was drumming up courage or was trying to think of exactly how he wanted to word his question.
Tony took another sip of his drink then turned back to the couple and said, "Look, I'm not trying to be rude here, but I kind of have to get back, so, if you don't mind…"
He tried to appear casual, and he tried to sit down at his workstation like it was nothing but he couldn't sit still, and he kept fiddling with anything he could get his hands on, and he was up and down off his chair at least five times in a span of five minutes. Maybe it was just nervous energy he was trying to get rid of.
He tapped the shiny, glass plate, and the heretofore black surface of it lit up. Steve looked closer and saw there a picture of a man that looked an awful lot like him holding that little girl in the crib upstairs, their cheeks pressed together as they looked into the lens of the camera. He was pointing at the camera, and she held that colorful plush toy in her small grasp. Neither one was exactly smiling, but there was a lightness and a softness to their looks, and Steve could understand it as being a much-loved candid photo of two people that Tony appeared to adore.
He didn't want to think about the fact that he would have been OK with Natasha doing it to him, too. Well, in theory. He supposed. Could Steve watch?
He grinned at him, and Steve was reminded not of the cocksure fella that just had to wink and smile to get the dames to fall all over him but of his best pal that had only ever wanted to help him see the world beyond the four cramped walls of his dumpy apartment.
"Besides," he added and scratched at his jaw, "if I'm listening to Steve correctly, vampires may not be as…unreal as you might think."
anything growing inside of him. He'd seen the monitor along with the others, but there was nothing that that was a dead giveaway that that was
"You OK?" Steve asked and put a hand on his shoulder, all the annoyance wiped away and only concern left etched upon his face.
"Look, cards on the table, fine, I…find the guy attractive. Maybe I even want him to like me. But it's not going to happen, so it's not worth even thinking about. We work together. That's it."
"If anyone knows what it's like to come back from being a brainwashed Russian assassin, it's our very own red-haired, formerly brainwashed Russian assassin that totally stole my name—"
"Oh," Happy said then turned back to his dessert, and Tony and Rhodey exchanged another look before Rhodey said, "He's a little uptight tonight."
Olivia giggled and pushed against Tony as she sat on his lap at the island in the kitchen later that afternoon and looked over bedroom suites on his tablet, Olivia out of the sticky band shirt and back in her little Avengers T-shirt and jeans with the colorful flowers on the pockets. "'m not screwy!"
"I cannot be a parent, Steve," Tony finally said, his face still in Steve's gentle hold. "I can't— I can't do this."
it. He liked how he looked, and he liked how he felt — pregnancy and post-pregnancy aches aside. He was comfortable and accepting of who he was, and he was anticipating really taking this body for a ride especially once his nursing days were over and he was safely on a birth control pill that would work with his and Steve's serum-altered body chemistries. Not only that, but he was looking forward to getting back to a 'figure' of sorts and playing dress-up to entice the public, to entice Steve, and, most importantly, to entice himself.
been able to get Steve to fulfill his duties this morning, but the feeling subsided, and he was about to go on his way when Natasha said from beside him, "What are you doing in here?"
"No, no, no, no, no!" he cried, his back still to Steve, and he pulled the toddler's grabby hands away and said, "What did I tell you? Wait for Daddy." He crouched down and pulled her into a tight embrace, earning a squeak and a giggle. "Seventy years in the ice, it's the least we can do for him."
Steve just groaned and pressed his face into his hands before he glanced back at Tony and again asked, "
your fault the last time. Didn't you hear what I just said about fondling them? You have kinks, babe, and one of your kinks is to fondle the shit out of my breasts."
"There's a strip a couple towns away," Steve said with a shrug as he…looked something up on his phone.
"That doesn't make sense in this context!" Bruce called after him, but Tony left the lab and went over to the elevator. He hit the button and waited for it to arrive, and once it did, he stepped on and asked, "Hey, J, is Steve still out on his run?"
"I've had worse," Tony said then pulled out of Steve's grasp to finish up the batch of cookies. He grabbed the shaker of red sugar crystals and shook some over a candy cane and then a Santa and then said, "You know...I didn't... I didn't celebrate Christmas for a long time."
This gave Tony pause for a moment and only a moment as he stopped in mid-sip before he finished the sip and set the cup down. "Yeah, well, maybe I was years ago," he said, and Steve realized the words had taken on a snappish tone. "I've gotten over that."
"What are you going to do if you have to pee there?" Steve asked, holding up the dress as Tony finished his business.
Steve blanched, his hold on Tony going slack, and he opened and closed his mouth a couple times and made a few facial tics before he said a quiet, "I—I'm sorry, Tony. I didn't mean to— I was just making some suggestions. I didn't meant to say that you couldn't—"
"Besides," he continued, ignoring Steve's blatant falsehood, "you and Brucie will be there if I get bored."
He smiled in thanks and appreciation, and she turned and left, closing the door behind her, and Tony got up from the bed and went into the bathroom to pee and brush his teeth.
Welch just smiled some more. "That you may have inadvertently found a way of giving your government exactly what it's been looking for since 1943."
Steve just rubbed his pec — and by extension his nipple — some more. "How can you say it doesn't hurt?"
He pulled away from him. "No, Steve, I don't want you to let go of… I know he's your friend. I know you think you failed him once before. I know you feel like you have a chance to make it right again. I'm not that much of an asshole that I don't want you to have other friends. I just… Maybe I just want to know that I'm almost as important to you as he is."
"And no detours," Steve told the driver, still in that stupid accent of his. "This ain't a Gray Line bus tour."
He turned back to the bookcase and eyed up a several-volume series that appeared to be about the war — World War II, it looked like they had settled on as a name — separated by years and theatres. His heart almost stopped when he saw one listed '1945,' and his fingers itched to grab it and see what falsehoods about the war Hydra had written. The years didn't go beyond 1945, so he could only assume that had been the end of it — or what Hydra wanted him to think was the end of it. He didn't know whether that was a good thing or a bad. The Allies hadn't been having such an easy time of it that winter, but Steve had no doubt in his mind things would pick up in the New Year. There was no way the Nazis — or Hydra — could win that war.
"Gripe all you want," Barton, who also had his phone out, said. "You know deep down you're loving this."
"Oh, no, I am," Tony said before Bruce could spoil his fun any more. "I am totally the woman that's been hanging off Captain America's very muscular arm for the past several months."
Tony, on his way over to the large refrigerator — he thought it was one, anyway — went up on his toes and kissed Steve's cheek. "Only the best for my babies," he said and went over to the large, steel appliance. He pulled open two French-style doors, and Steve gawked at the light and bountiful assortment that was found there.
"Yeah, that's what we'll call it." He turned his attention to Pepper. "Come on, Pep. You must have time, right?"
Tony, however, decided to get back to the original topic at hand and said, "You losers aren't going anywhere. Besides, asshole, you're the one that even brought it up, so don't whine about defecting to the imaginary Justice League of Justice because you're jealous that Steve and I actually have a very fulfilling sex life with each other and you're stuck — and I'll throw one to the old men here — spending time with Rosie Palm and her sisters."
"Honestly, big green, I'd really rather be alone right now. Just for a little while, OK? Like, I don't know, ten minutes. Just give me ten minutes."
Barnes looked at him, and he blinked then said, "Yeah, I think so. Think that's what I meant. Steve was…a stubborn son-of-a-bitch—"
He sat up and went to protest, but Natasha glared at him and said like she was trying to keep her temper, "Honey? Is there something you want to tell me?"
But Steve just put his hands on Tony's shoulders and shoved him toward the door. "Some other time," he said with a laugh, and they left the establishment and found their way to the street.
Her face folded into affront as she hung on to DUM-E, leaning off him and using him to counterweight the balance. "But Unca Bruce is watchin' me!"
"I don't expect you to forgive me," he reiterated. "I don't know that I'd want you to only because I'm not sure I can ever forgive myself. I don't deserve your forgiveness or your understanding. I don't deserve your hospitality. I don't deserve—"
He sighed and took his place in line and waited, and for some reason, he expected for someone to point and say he wasn't actually a woman and he had no business in using that bathroom, but he was able to get in and do his business without one word said to him and barely a look sent in his direction.
Barnes eyed it warily a moment before he seemingly determined it wasn't going to harm him in any way and sat down hard, like he was trying to prove a point that he thought this was stupid and he was only doing it for Steve's sake because Steve was never going to shut up about it otherwise.
Steve nodded, swallowing, and he moved his hands from Tony's shoulders and reached up to cup his face. Holding Tony there gently, carefully, like Tony was the most precious thing ever to exist for him, he leaned in and pressed a soft kiss to his forehead, and he brushed either of his thumbs over Tony's cheeks and said, "I really mean it. I'm so proud of you. You're just…amazing…about this whole thing, and it could have been… I don't know anyone else that could have done it as well as you did."
"I know. I'm sorry you couldn't save him. But…aren't they kind of like your children? You made them. They're imbued with your personality and your intelligence and your wisdom."
Bruce shook his head a little, and he shuffled over to a cabinet to grab some supplies. "You couldn't eat a whole side of beef," he said as he collected empty tubes into a little basket. "I don't even think Thor could eat a whole side of beef."
When no response came, Tony’s mind instantly went to all the mischievous and destructive scheming that his son could be getting up to. He probably got that from him, not that Steve wasn’t mischievous, but the destructive part…well.
“I don’t know man, it’s just kind of uninspi-” Sam was cut off by the pillow that Steve threw at his face.
Tony quietly crept back down the stairs after his shower. It was still only early evening, but he didn’t want to risk waking Peter up after he’d finally gotten to sleep. He didn’t think Steve would be too happy about that if it happened either.
Steve ground his teeth as Bucky spoke. Yes, he knew all about Peter Parker after he’d noticed Tony spending an unusual amount of time with the orphan boy. It didn’t take him long to connect the dots and realise that the sixteen-year-old was an enhanced individual, the one who paraded around as the web-slinging vigilante that he’d met in Berlin. The close relationship between the two had been one of the first indicators of Tony’s plan to build a new team. He tried to ignore the flare-up of jealousy he felt at the thought of Tony developing a close relationship with anyone but him. The feeling wasn’t new, and he’d barely been able to contain his joy when Tony’s paranoia about someone being after him had created a divide so deep between him and Pepper that their engagement had fallen through.
He was drawn out of his thoughts by a small hand thrusting its way out of the opening between the two tent flaps.
Peter didn’t look very remorseful, or much like he would keep their little secret. “What are you doing?” He asked, looking at the hologram hovering in the air before them. Tony knew he wouldn’t have a clue what it meant, but his eyes widened excitedly none the less.
Peter smiled up at him, before turning back to the door, and making a slow exit, slinging his duffle bag over one shoulder. “I’ll see you next week!” He called out before slamming the door and running over to his building’s entrance.
Tony sighed half in frustration, half in exhaustion. It had been a long enough day already. Distractedly, he reached over and grabbed the nearest tea-towel before wiping up the water. He’d just finished up around the sink and had moved over to the shelves when one of the frames caught his eye. It was purposefully hidden, tucked behind a photo of his father, but it was hard to ignore once he’d spotted it.
“You finished?” He didn’t wait for Peter to respond before finishing off the lolly in one bite. “Now you are.”
“As long as we followed the rules of time travel, then we’d be able to go there and back, and everything would be OK.”
“You’ll alert me the moment anything changes. I mean that. I don’t want to miss him waking up because of your slacking off.”
“Steve, oh, thank god, I’ve never been so relieved to see your annoyingly perfect face. You’ve gotta get me out of here.”
He didn’t acknowledge them much as he made his way back towards the house. He noticed that they seemed rather unphased by Peter, but he figured that probably had more to do with Rhodey filling them in, than them doing their own research. He made his way up the steps of the porch, before finally making eye-contact with Natasha. He gave her a small nod, an invitation, before turning back around.
Steve nodded at those words and made his way over to the door slowly. With one hand on the knob, he snuck a look back over the shoulder, powerless to stop the smile that found itself pulling his lips up once more.
Tony knew that Nat was desperate. He knew that she felt immense guilt over everyone having lost someone close, yet she had managed to keep those near to her. There was the whole Barton issue, yes, but in terms of Thanos and everything, she’d come out alright. Really, that’s what drove her today. And so, here comes Scott who had apparently just spent 5 years (but actually like 5 hours?) in a
“You’re not the same person anymore!” Tony shouted angrily. Whilst his struggling had temporarily stopped, he was now shaking heavily. His voice dropped to a whisper as he continued. “You can’t be.”
Tony cocked his head at the boy, before realising that he was going to have to be the one to start the hug. Just as he turned to do so, Peter flung himself into his arms, probably with a little bit too much force, since it knocked the wind completely out of Tony’s chest. It only lasted a second, with Peter pulling back as soon as he heard Tony wheezing. “Shoot, sorry, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to d-”
It had been five years since he’d had any direct contact with any of the other Avengers, save for Steve and Rhodey. The memories of their failures, both before and after Thanos were still fresh for him. The desire on Nat’s behalf to continue to operate as a hero team, to help others out and maintain a sense of order was too much. All it did was remind Tony of what he’d done wrong, of how he’d come face-to-face with the titan, and come away alive, whilst others weren’t so lucky. No, he hadn’t been able to stick around, to dwell in that past and pretend that things weren’t his fault. Steve’s offer had been too perfect to refuse.
you. As in past tense. That trumps what you need now. It’s too late. I said we’d lose, and you said we’d do that together. Well, guess what, we lost. And I was alone. You weren’t there.” Tony had gotten up during his speech, much to the frustration of almost everyone in the room. The gown that he’d changed into only made the weight loss look even worse, his sharp bones obvious under the thin material. His eyes were glassy as he continued to glare at Steve.
“Peter Stark-Rogers, what are you up to?” He asked in a sing-song voice. God, having a kid had really mellowed him out. That probably wasn’t a bad thing, though. With how close he’d been to total collapse five years ago, to the little family he’d been able to make for himself. Yeah, he’d never really seen himself as a self-sufficient (veggie patch, chickens and all), house-on-a-lake kinda guy, but here he was, happier than he’d been in such a long time.
Placing his thumb on the scanner next to the door, Steve had to pause for a moment before he could push the door open slowly. He almost growled as he took in the form of Bucky blocking his view of Tony. He was sure it wasn’t intentional, but it only amplified his frustration from having been away from him this long. Yes, it had only been about six hours since he’d left him alone with Bucky, but after over two years since their last interaction, one that ended in a way that made him hate himself, Steve didn’t want to have to wait a moment longer. He felt he deserved this after all the hard work he’d put into bringing Tony back.
A sharp knock on the timber of the door jolted Steve out of his thoughts. He scowled angrily at the intrusion, too frustrated to deal with any more interaction tonight. It was way too late for him to have the patience needed for a conversation, particularly one with any relation to the failure that tonight’s mission was.
Tony heard the quiet giggle of his son before he exited the room and pulled the door closed quietly behind him.
What was helping, however, was the sight of Tony upon their return. Even though he had obviously not yet forgiven Steve for everything that had happened between them, and even though he was in an induced coma after passing out, there was still a small flicker of joy he felt upon seeing his small form. He couldn’t make things right by bringing everyone back, but he’d try his damn hardest to make things right with Tony.
Growing more desperate in his attempt to get to the case, Tony almost cried in relief as the buckle of his seatbelt finally gave way after his frantic pressing of the release mechanism. His body fell forwards without the restraint, and he made quick work of the lock on the case. Inside, two thin, silver bracelets lay gently in their display. He quickly shoved them onto each wrist, and almost instantly, his now sweat-drenched palms were encased in the thick armour of his suit’s gauntlets. Despite the protection they could over him, he cursed himself for not thinking to bring the whole suit with him. Oh well, he would have to make do with what he had.
“Okay…but why me? I mean, given his reputation, surely someone a little more…female would be better for the job?”
He peeked around the corner into the living room, catching sight of his husband hunched over on the sofa. Tony sighed softly, knowing that it was just one of those days. They’d been doing so well lately, with no major slip-ups in the past month or so.
Although neither he nor Steve donned their suits and went around saving the world anymore (not that there was much they could do after failing so hard the last time), they told their son endless stories about the heroics of the Avengers, and all the times they had assembled in the past. The stories were all diluted, of course, romanticised versions that skipped over all the pain and heartache in between – it was fair to say that the name ‘Bucky’ had never been uttered in front of Peter. Peter loved them anyway, probably more so than he would’ve if he’d been told the full recounts, and would often run around pretending to be one ‘hero’ or another.
Tony fell back from his kneeling position, his body going limp under the stress of the moment. Hearing Bruce calling out worriedly again had Steve collecting him into his arms and rushing him over to one of the medical rooms.
“Yeah, except a decision like that has meant the worth of his company has nearly halved overnight, with no foreseeable recovery. This isn’t a decision he would’ve made on a whim. Since he’ll conveniently be moving out to New York next week, we want you to find out why. Why the sudden relocation? And why the sudden end to weapons manufacturing? These are the questions that the world is dying to have answered, and we need to be the ones to answer them.”
He couldn’t help the yelp that left him as something smashed through the driver’s window and grabbed a hold of Happy’s neck from behind. Tony could only just make out what was going on from his outstretched position, making brief eye contact with his friend in the rear-view mirror, before the hand forced his head forwards into the steering wheel.
He brought Peter close to eye level, before whispering in his ear. “Hey, Pete. Why don’t you go tell your Papa about our new guests?”
“Tony, I promise you, HYDRA aren’t the bad guys anymore. Schmidt’s gone, so are Zola and Pierce. They’re all gone. HYDRA has been rebuilt, and we’re making the world a better place.”
Steve’s mouth had dropped open by the time his boss had finished. “Uh…Um yes, I’m definitely interested in that.” Fewer office hours, an opportunity to make a name for himself, Steve was willing to take this job even if it had the same pay as his current one.
Ever since he’d been (honourably) discharged from the army, he’d been desperate for a decent job. As much as he loved his art, he knew that there was no way that he could support himself with that kind of career and decided to make something of his writing skills instead. He’d kept a journal throughout his tours, and what starting out simply as a way to pass time soon became his second-to-main (sketching still won) form of release. Those journals contained some of his darkest thoughts and would likely remain closed for the rest of time, but really helped him pull through. So yes, writing had been an integral part of Steve’s life in the army, and he was grateful that it was helping him now. And, whilst investigative journalism may not be the most morally-grounded job (especially when it involved going undercover and lying to people), Steve reasoned that the experience (and money) that he would earn from this piece would be invaluable.
Then, Steve remembered that Bucky had been up all night for the assignment and had then spent the past six hours keeping a watch on Tony. That’s not to mention the long days leading up to Tony’s kidnapping. Bucky had to be half-way to insanity with the lack of sleep he’d been getting, and Steve knew it was on him to make sure that he was getting the rest he needed. After all, Bucky had spent so long trying to make Steve happy, beyond just the past few months attempting to get Tony, and Steve was going to have to start returning the favour.
Steve could not help the large smile that had been etched onto his face for the past two hours. Looking before him, he almost couldn’t believe it. After four months of failed efforts, of long nights planning and the let-downs of his men, he finally had his Tony.
Once he’d gotten over his original excitement of seeing the man being brought in, Steve had felt an uncontrollable rage at the sight of blood staining Tony’s hair and the back of his shirt. The thought of anyone else inflicting pain onto what was his had him demanding the head of the one responsible. Once the man had finally stepped forward, Steve had made sure to follow through with his word. Despite the man’s protests about proximity and convenience, Steve had simply asked him how close he had to get before he could blow the man’s brains out. Turns out, it wasn’t very close.
He brought his mind back to the present, and to the plan that he’d been proposed. It was crazy, really. The idea that they could travel through time, that they could go back and collect the stones before Thanos could get his hands on them. Something straight out of a fantasy novel.
“I know you’ve got a husband now,” Scott’s eyes drifted over his ring, “and a son, but I lost someone really important to me. A lot of people did. You can help bring them back.”
Yeah, Steve knew who the man was. He was a walking headline who couldn’t seem to keep it in his pants. “Billionaire, playboy, philanthropist, yeah I’ve heard of him. Not quite sure why we’d be writing about him though, since we’re not a gossip magazine. I mean, what does the guy even do, other than drink, party and sleep around?”
"Honestly?" the doctor asked, watching the screen a moment before she turned to Steve. "Textbook perfect. Just absolutely perfect for this point in the gestation."
"Got it," he said and powered up the gauntlets. He winced at a cramp in his abdomen and the ever-present ache between his legs, and as he stuck a comm piece in his ear with a shaky hand, he asked, "Where can I be the most help?"
Which...really wasn't the smartest move on his part, as his nipples weren't terribly oversensitive, but he really didn't need them poking out of his shirt at seven-thirty in the morning if he could help it, nor did he need to do anything that might have the unintended consequence of calling his dick to attention, either. So far so good on the latter front.
at her, and Thor was holding him back from ripping her to pieces while Bruce tried to act as intermediary.
. He didn't feel like keeping Steve away from his truest desires any longer, so he smiled and nodded and said, "Yeah, I do."
"Willing to give up your seat for that?" Barnes asked, and at Wilson's inquiring look, he added, "Yeah, I meant it that way."
"Yeah," Barton said, "but we pick on him for being a foreigner. You're just old and set in your ways."
He opened his eyes again to look back at Thor, and he stared straight at him and tweaked a small smile he didn't feel and said a somewhat deflated, "Thanks."
Oh, fuck it, he decided as he grabbed a fresh pair of pajamas and dropped them on the bed. He was old, he was married, and he was
The doctor made a 'hmm' sound and said, "Is that something… I mean, I'm sure you don't know. Bruce didn't seem to have an answer for it, either."
"Baby girl," he said as he reached into the cabinet, "you tell Bruce about this, and I'll take you right back out of the will I haven't had a chance to put you into yet."
"Well," he said with a shrug, "you're the one that thinks you're too good for our little boy-band, which…yeah, I mean, I guess isn't
He frowned and muttered to himself and glanced around as he tried to remember where he'd left the shoe polish, and Tony rolled his eyes and said, "Honey, they look fine, and besides, with me hanging off your arm, they're
It was as he was padding his way into the living room, cup of coffee in one hand, tablet in the other, that JARVIS announced, "
Cap just blinked at him, smiling oddly like he wasn't quite sure what to make of what Tony had said. "You know," he said, sounding a little distant, like he was more musing his thoughts aloud rather than having an actual discussion, "everyone has this idea in their minds of who or what I am. Some people think I'm a useless relic. Some think I'm some goody-two-shoes that never did a bad thing or had an impure thought in his life. Some think I'm some great hero to be worshipped or idealized." He shrugged. "I'm not any of that —
Steve expected the man to turn away at that, to leave him to wallow in his self-pity and anger for the rest of the night. Only the form stayed still, not even flinching as Steve’s brow furrowed and his gaze darkened.
He’d yet to specialise in a particular category of writing, mainly due to his inability to write on topics that actually interested him. This week he’d been assigned to write about the institution of new meal plans at a selection of schools in Queens and how it had (or hadn’t) improved the academic performance of students. His initial draft had pointed out that the meal plans had only been granted to schools in high socio-economic areas that already had access to healthy, good quality food and therefore they would have little effect on academic performance. He’d tried to imply that the meal plans had to go to more disadvantaged schools, and then more than simply academic performance would have to be measured (preferably mental health would be a focus). Of course, his superior had felt that he had lost objectivity in his article and that he was close to stepping on the toes of the investigative team. He’d had to rewrite the entire piece and remove anything that made it remotely compelling. Now he was stuck with a half-finished load of garbage that he didn’t particularly want his name attached to.
He shivered and swallowed, trying to shake the feel of encroaching ice enveloping him in its frigid cocoon, and like a man drowning, he sought out the one thing he knew would keep him afloat.
"Don't care," Steve said as he turned the light on, and Tony squinted at the bright assault of light — which wasn't all that bright, but compared to what he'd been accustomed to in the kitchen, it sure was.
Tony shrugged. "I don't know. Bonding-thing, I guess. You seem like the type of guy to want the wife and two-point-five kids and dog and house with little white fence."
They stared at the TV a few more moments before Steve said, during what appeared to be yet another rape scene, "Should we really be watching this with her in the room?"
—" he directed those last two stern words at DUM-E, who shrank a little and tried to hide behind Steve.
goofy like that. His little ball of paper had probably rolled somewhere where he couldn't fetch it, and the only one gullible enough to retrieve it for him was currently on a mission god-knew-where.
" JARVIS replied, and Barnes looked up at the ceiling and frowned or glowered or… whatever. Clearly, being Hydra's pawn for seventy years must have fucked him up, because he had one hell of a miserable look on his face most of the time. Eh, maybe 'miserable' wasn't being entirely charitable. 'Disgruntled.' He had a disgruntled look on his face most of the time.
He reached out to run a light hand down Tony's arm, and Tony watched this maneuver then looked up at him. "Are you hitting on me?"
Jim just stared down at him a moment then pointed to the tray on the coffee table. "These the cookies you made?"
tease each other and not take offense to it. I can't say that for many of the couples I see come in here. Anyway, I would like to see you again closer to the time of delivery—"
of the child at the end of the gestation and not the gestation itself. Like I said, I can make it easier for you."
"You shut up, Brutus," he snapped and looked at the onesie in his hands like it might attack him at any moment.
Jesus, Johann had made allusions to that, and Steve hadn't liked in the least the way he'd looked as he'd said it.
"Only with the fundamentalist assholes that think you can't date a guy and set a good moral example at the same time. Fuck 'em, Steve. Fuck 'em, I say! Only don't because you're only allowed to do that with me."
"I do, but..." He set Tony's glass down then stood back up and snagged a gentle hold of Tony's hand to pull him close. "Just...for a minute."
Tony groaned and rubbed a hand over his face, and Bruce murmured, "Go easy on the kid. She is your daughter."
"About?" Tony asked, and Barton stared at him a moment before he began to laugh a little, kind of in a self-deprecating manner.
She let out a tiny laugh. "I don't think Steve would be the type to talk out his feelings to a psychiatrist no matter what era he was born in. Steve plays it close to the vest, but he has his tells. It's in his eyes. When he's dealing with something he doesn't want to deal with or when he's put in a situation he doesn't want to be in or when he starts getting a little lost, his eyes go a little flat. I might even say 'dead.' He can't hide it in his eyes."
this body long enough to even breast feed? Jesus Christ, did those words just come out of my mouth?"
"It's a crazy life we've gotten ourselves into," Tony said with a grin, "but fuck it, if it isn't worth it."
Steve shrugged, adjusting himself some against the pillows, hands still clasped behind his head. "Maybe that's the point? Maybe that's the great irony in all this? Tony Stark doesn't just take life, he creates it as well. It's not the first time you've created life, you know."
Pepper's eyes went comically wide, and Tony saw three empty glasses by her left hand. Evidently, she was far from her first cocktail of the night. "
He bit his lip and looked at Steve's sleeping form. God, he wanted Steve. He wanted Steve inside of him so badly. He looked down at himself and then back at Steve and realized he was going to have to do this himself. He was sure Steve wouldn't mind if he woke him up for sex, but at the same time, he didn't want to wake Steve up
Rhodey just sat back in the chair. "She has an early day tomorrow. Has to be somewhere by four. Asked if we could do lunch."
Steve just hit the button on the steering wheel to change the station, which landed on what sounded like '50s doo-wop. That lasted all of a second-and-a-half before the station changed again to something else, and Tony had to look at the display to see what it even was. Something '40s, evidently. Jukebox Saturday Night.
Tony rolled his eyes and grabbed his mug of coffee. "No, I'm feeding my own child poisoned slop. Baby girl, are they edible?"
"Stop being so flippant. Did I say something? I'm trying—" He grimaced and scratched at his forehead. "I'm fumbling in the dark here. I don't really… I don't even know where to begin—"
Thankfully, Steve arrived with the food, which distracted him, but not before he saw both girls gasp and then motion to each other excitedly, the third one shaking her head and muttering something to them. He rolled his eyes and turned to the tray Steve had set down on the table, raising an eyebrow at the food and cups piled on top of it.
Unfortunately, not every fussy night was cured with a slurp of milk, and Steve — darling, wonderful Steve — was the one to get up and walk the floor with her, doing what he could to soothe her and get her back to sleep. Tony wasn't too proud to admit that he didn't feel bad in the least for falling back asleep when Steve would work his way out of the bedroom and down the stairs. Sleep was so hard to get nowadays that he relished any chance he had to catch a few winks, even if it was at the expense of his husband's sleep. He just assumed Steve only walked the penthouse floor with her until the one time he said, "I don't think DUM-E quite knows what to make of her."
Well, except that one dream, but that didn't count, as even in the dream, Steve was quite clearly the father. And even in the week that it could have even happened, he could say with absolute certainty Steve was the only one that had been inside of him.
He rolled his eyes. "What is it with you people and trying to—? Yes, it's his. Of course it's his. We've kind've been exclusive for, like, two years now. In fact, if you people were doing your actual jobs, you would have already known there's a marriage license on file for us."
"My alternate-universe daughter?" he asked and glanced up to meet Bruce's nervous gaze. Bruce exhaled a sigh but nodded just the same.
to worm his way back into Steve's life so he can fucking shoot him point blank and be done with it already. And what will that self-sacrificing idiot do?" He laughed hysterically. "Put the barrel to his own forehead and help him pull the trigger!"
In response, he got a picture of Natasha with a pair of chopsticks in her hand, halfway to shoving a potsticker in her mouth.
"That you got yourself blonde, beefy, and anal-retentive there?" Sam asked and motioned to Steve. "No. Ain't no one on this earth jealous that you got his uptight ass."
He pulled out a clean pair of pajamas and shucked off his clothes to change into them, and he tossed his clothes with his bag and sat down on the bed to curl up on his side. Jesus fuck, he was so sick of crying. Sometimes it felt like that's all he did nowadays, and he was tired of it. He was tired of everything. He just wanted to go back in time and stop all of this from happening. Maybe even stop—
Tony just grinned at him. "Yes," he said like this was all part of some joke Steve didn't understand. "It's a lot more than that. You might even say we
Tony thought about this a moment then said, "Send him a message. Tell him to bring me home something good."
. I mean not there really. I kind of go numb after a while there. But it kind of... From what Brucie says, I guess it makes my uterus contract, and that kind of hurts a bit — you know, especially after all the abuse I've put it through lately. But I mean, no, it doesn't really hurt. It just... I just get weird side effects from it."
There it was. The look. The look he'd seen come over Olivia's face several times over the course of the past couple days. That narrowed-eyed, brow-furrowing frown.
"Every woman reacts differently to it," Bruce said, and Tony made a mental note to lob something at Bruce's head the moment he had the ambition to do so. "Some women are very vocal. Some women are quieter. It really just depends."
Steve nodded and pulled down the covers then said, "I'm gonna go check the house again. Make sure everything's locked up."
OK, well, sure. That made sense. Of course there'd be that overlap. Their Steve would had to have been practically inhuman not to have something like that affect him. It didn't… It didn't
"I'm flattered, sugar bear, I really am. I'm totally honored that you would think of me and Steve that way, but like I said, one-man-kind-of-guy. I just— I hope things won't be awkward between us now."
"First of all," Tony said, "thank you very much for that image. Whenever I try to imagine Wilson in my head, now all I have to do is think of a large, honking goose. I think it fits. Second, look, I didn't want to—"
Steve exhaled a breath and went to clutch the robot a little tighter when he realized he was about to crush it. He set it down, hoping he hadn't damaged it too much, and muttered a quiet, "Jesus."
Then there was a whole section dedicated to 'have you had any of these things happen to you in the last 12 months.' He gave a cursory glance and figured none of it pertained to him because, honestly, he'd been feeling pretty good as of late. Not perfect — certainly not what he'd felt like when he was twenty-five — but he'd been feeling pretty damned good as of late. He didn't know if it was just that he was feeling good about himself and what he was contributing to the world or the fact that he was crazy in love with an amazing person or if it was something more.
"Of course, Captain," came JARVIS's reply, and the soft glow of multicolored lights illuminated the darkness of the room. Tony had wanted all white lights because evidently that was classier, but Steve firmly believed if you were going to put lights on trees, they had to be colored like they had back in his day. They'd actually argued over it — in the store, no less, because they could have bought them online, but sometimes Steve liked shopping in a physical store — and Tony had threatened to pick up some god awful lighted flamingo until Steve said they would compromise and next year they could put white lights on the tree.
He just shook his head some and continued to eye the contents of his glass. "You don't understand. I don't deserve this. There are men out there laying down their lives—"
He glanced away from Steve's sharp gaze and blinked a batch of tears down his cheeks. He reached up and brushed them away, and Steve murmured, "Jeez, I didn't mean to make you cry."
He could keep his mouth shut. He could keep his mouth shut and let Steve kvetch about the gala and his wish to stay home and how much he hated those things, and they could go about their business, friends and nothing more, and Tony could continue to nurse this painful crush of his that was most definitely more than a crush at this point and— Look, no one else outside of him treated his helper 'bots as anything but helper 'bots, but here was Steve, stupid, beautiful Steve, playing with DUM-E and talking to DUM-E and treating DUM-E like an adorable, over-excited puppy, and could he help it if Steve was just,
In the end, he accidentally drifted off about five minutes before ten — or that was the last time he remembered looking at the clock, anyway.
The chamomile did help, even if he was never really one for tea, and even if the Spy Twins intercepted him every time he so much as thought about getting to the coffeemaker. But it did help soothe his nerves just the slightest, and after getting worked up down in the lab over…his test results, which Bruce made worse by insisting on blood and urine to analyze as well…it made it easier to hunker down on the couch and slip off into dreamland, his head pillowed on Natasha's thigh as she ran calming fingers through his hair.
"I, uh, didn't want to give this to you downstairs. Especially now that I see we're friends with a bunch of assholes that think speedos with a shield right over the crotch are an appropriate birthday gift."
that Steve was still alive, was still with them, would still come home to them, no matter what the people on TV said, and no matter what Natasha's eyes said as her mouth paid lip service to his delusion.
"Definitely nothing like that," he replied. Hey, it was the truth — well, at least it was true that there were no visions of an apocalyptic future.
Tony tipped Steve's head back a little so that he could trace light kisses over his face. "It's something," he murmured. "What is it? Tell me what's wrong."
She'd supported Howard's efforts to locate Steve to the best of her ability, knowing it was part of a life that had predated her and knowing how important Steve had been to Howard, but even she'd grown wary of what she'd felt was Howard's lost cause. Once, he'd even caught her chastising Howard for, once again, comparing the great Captain to his worthless son that would never be able to live up to that greatness.
bloodstream, but not only was he not sure if that counted, he wasn't sure if he wanted that information on the record, either.
"I wasn't sure if you wanted white or nude," she said and showed whatever it was to Natasha, who shrugged and said, "Both."
tell you. Not yet. Not if you want to be here with me in 2015. And I'm a selfish son-of-a-bitch. I don't like people touching my stuff. I'm not going to do anything that keeps
Steve finally found the courage to look up and watched as Tony stood there, halfway through rolling out the dough with a thoughtful look on his face.
"Anyway," she said, "we may not have the Captain, but we have the next best thing. There's little reason to doubt that the serum that flowed in his veins is also in you and his son."
outside the walls of the castle had known about that silly and ridiculous — and legally binding — ceremony. How did—
"Well," she said and set the tablet on her lap a moment as she focused her attention on Steve and Tony, "how the serum might affect, well,
After a little bit of meandering, he found the bathrooms, heading for the women's room without batting an eyelash. He didn't even realize he'd gone straight into the women's room until he looked around and noticed a distinct lack of urinals.
He jumped up from his chair, made his excuses, and ran to the lavatory, Bucky's laughter echoing through the granite, marble, and polished wood of the venerable old institution. He tried to cover himself to keep his embarrassment to nil, and afraid of chancing anything in the public men's restroom, he forced himself to go the extra distance to the employees' restroom down in the basement.
"Uh," he said and winced a little at another pain radiating from his back, "yeah, I noticed— It started a couple days ago, I guess. I thought Steve and I were just being a little too rough with, uh—"
"Ah, yes, the Midgardian tradition of entwining the marital bonds. I've heard fascinating things about it, and I've long been looking forward to attending one of these magnificent ceremonies," Thor said and looked pleased-as-punch at the very thought of it.
Barnes shook his head a little then said, "Why didn't you just ask your ceiling-guy to send me down here?"
at him? Pinnacle of human perfection. Of course I've checked him out. Come on, tulip. Just us guys here. Admit it. You've checked him out, too."
Steve ground his teeth together, his jaw doing that thing it did when he heard something he didn't like. "How long is it going to take to get these plants back online?"
"Maybe. Or maybe deep down you know he wasn't the one that did it. You know he was just as much a victim of circumstance as anyone."
Steve winked at him. "It's a surprise," he replied as a car hit the bank and the doors slid open. Steve led him on then hit a button for a floor and pressed the 'door close' button before anyone else might step on with them.
There wasn't much help he could offer to their current residents, either. In fact, really the only thing he could do was sit on his ass and watch television, but half the stations were out, and the news networks JARVIS was able to pick up from the satellites were playing the same shit over- and-over — and, as usual, they had no clue what was going on and so they could do nothing but speculate as to what was happening and when everything would be back to normal.
"Yeah, well," he grumbled and turned back around to sit in his seat the right way. As soon as he had, Steve reached over and snagged hold of his hand, and he brought it up to his lips and kissed it right over his ring finger where his wedding band had sat until that morning, not taking his eyes off the road. Tony watched as Steve frowned when his lips met skin instead of gemstone and metal, and he brushed his fingers over the bare joint and said, "Where's your ring?"
Natasha lifted a hand from the rail and brushed the hair away from his forehead. "Don't worry, Stark," she said, but there was a funny and distant look in her eyes as she added, "Most natural thing in the world."
Wilson stared at him a moment and said, "Uh…" before something appeared to come to mind, and he cried, "Oh!" and reached into his pocket to reveal a tacky souvenir keychain.
"Well?" he asked. "Are you going to do something about this, or are we just going to sit here all night?"
"Hey, Brucie!" Tony said with a nervous laugh and scratched at the back of his head. "Yeah, sorry, forgot you were on your way—"
Tony took a breath and looked up at Steve, who was staring at him in a way that was meant to be comforting but actually looked a little squeamish on his part. He put a hand on Steve's forearm as though to calm the nerves that hadn't settled, and said, "Trust me, babe. This is my element. This is what I excel at, all right? I called a press conference as soon as I got back from Afghanistan and told the world I was shutting down the weapons manufacturing division of my company. I told the world I was Iron Man after one front-page incident. In both of those cases, I'd almost died right before that. Here? I know I complain, but this
"Whatever," Tony muttered and took a sip of the pathetically small coffee Steve had gotten for him. "Are you sure this isn't yours?" he asked and held the small cup up.
Everyone has long since accepted that nothing can be a secret for very long in the tower, living with three super spies it is hardly surprising that it only takes a day and a half for everyone to know about Tony and Steve. They don’t make it a secret, though nothing really changes, apart from the casual touches holding more weight than they used to. Bucky tries to be okay with it; he really does, he’s smiling and joking around them just as much as he used to do; he also goes down to the workshop and hangs out with Peter like normal. So he’s surprised when Natasha drops into his room (literally, she’s taking a leaf out of Clint’s book and coming out of an air vent) at midnight.
Tony walks like a zombie down the hall; he stands in the elevator watching the floors zip by as the elevator goes to down to the guest floors. His mind is racing, gears turning in his head; his thoughts are churning, and he can’t breathe. It feels like his lungs are closing in, even as he leans on the rail inside the elevator; his knees are like jelly, and he can’t feel his feet. Tony gasps for air, trying to breathe some feeling into himself. The doors of the elevator open and he steps out into the hallway, his eyes catching Steve who is waiting outside the room. He stumbles forward and into the warm cocoon of Steve’s arms.
Tony leans into the kiss, giving himself to Steve, letting him know that there are no ill feelings between them, hoping that his love translates across. Steve’s other hand comes to rest on his waist, stroking a patch of skin that’s become visible between the hem of his tank top and the band of his jeans. Heat scores every tiny piece of skin that Steve touches. Tony is addicted to this; to the way, Steve kisses him like he is the most precious thing alive. He loves how Steve holds him, how Steve manages to be innocent as well as pure lust at the same time. Thoughts surge through his head constantly, they swirl in his brain; Tony never switches off, not entirely, not unless Steve’s mouth in on his. Steve’s kisses stop Tony’s brain, they make his heart skip a beat.
“Tony, you’re doing great, the kid’s happy and knows he’s well-loved, and that’s all you can ask for. He’s got a family of superheroes to looks after him, and he’s well fed. Really, Tony, you’re fine. Can’t believe you’re going to me for fathering advice, honestly,” Bucky rolls his eyes, “I am the least suitable person to go to this sort of thing for. Maybe you should ask Steve, he bought about twenty books on looking after kids when Peter looked like he was here to stay.”
“Наташа,” he slips into Russian easily, knowing that it’s the only language no one but them speaks in the tower. It had surprised him when he’d been talking to Natasha in French, only for Tony to answer with easy fluency. “What can I do for you? Have you been up there all day? That can’t be good for your back.” Bucky is curled on his bed, a book propped up by a spare pillow beside him; he has a mug of cocoa on the table next to him.
“I eat plenty of vegetables; honestly, Stark I don’t even live here you don’t know my life,” Clint sticks his tongue out and puts the pizza rolls on a baking tray and sticks them in the oven.
“Oh it was a bad time to walk in here,” Bucky is standing in the doorway, Peter is right behind him, craning his neck around Bucky’s arm. “Are you guys seriously fighting over pizza rolls?”
“Perhaps you’ve not seen it, but it’s possible,” Natasha looked at him sharply. “I’ve seen it, they’re happy. You deserve that happiness, котенок, let yourself be happy. ”
“Hot pockets are great food, you’re just old. And sure, have fun on your date!” Clint pushes past Bucky, grabbing his box of not food and bow on his way out the door.
“That’s today? What time?” Tony wants nothing more than to press his head further into the pillow and snuggled closer into Bucky’s chest, but he knows that Pepper has put a lot of work into this, she’s been making phone calls all week.
“He talked to me, you know?” Steve whispers, “he told me about SHIELD, do you think I could punch Fury?”
“Is it possible to love two people, in a, uh, romantic way, at once? Is that, okay? In this century?” Steve asks, he’s slightly worried as to what he’s going to hear from the AI, but he needs to know. “I mean, I know I love them both but, will people-“
“That’s the thing, we can get all the answers we need from Bucky,” Steve starts, looking at Tony, “we don’t need you to remember. Peter, the memories from your time away from us will likely be horrible; your dad doesn't want to put you through getting those memories back, not unless it is completely your choice.”
Steve takes a breath; Tony is staring at him from the driver’s seat, the quinjet is on autopilot zooming over the water. It’s the first time that Tony has ever looked thoroughly and utterly lost, his big brown eyes are full of emotion, so much so that they almost look like they’re going to spill at any time. He walks over to him, dumping the shield in a corner of the ship on his way; there’s another chair next to the driver’s seat, meant for a navigator if the quinjet is ever forced offline. Steve drops into the seat, his hand on Tony’s shoulder, it twitches beneath his touch; it's almost enough to make Steve pull away, but Tony’s hand covers his.
It's coming the big talk is coming I promise! Next chapter it'll be here and get ready for some good Fury punching action cause you're gonna get to see what Stevie was up to at SHIELD!
“Yeah, though I think he left pretty soon after he saw you guys start playing tonsil hockey,” Clint laughs a little, hopping off the counter and looking in the fridge, “ooh pizza rolls! I wonder if I could dip these in coffee…”
“Yes, Captain?” JARVIS replies Steve would like to think that there was a slight hint of humour behind JARVIS’s voice.
“Um, so, we’re going to be talking about this when we get back; but before that, I need to know if there’s anything else you can do, Petey,” Tony says, looking up at Peter; if watching his son crawl to the top of the quinjet had shocked him, watching his son shoot webs out of his wrist catapults his brain into chaos mode. “So you’re like a spider-kid now, then?” Tony knows that his immediate ‘turn everything into humour’ setting probably isn't the most helpful thing, but he’s been left a little high and dry here.
“You’re not bringing a dog here, that would make Peter want a dog, and he’s not getting one. They make my eyes itch, no matter how adorable they are,” the corners of his mouth twitch upward.
“I’ll just…” he says, but he ducks out of the door before he can finish the sentence, leaving a confused Tony in his wake.
“Holy fuck,” Tony moans, the sound sounding sinful as it passes Tony’s lips. “This, this is good shit, Barnes. Why’ve you been holding out on me for so long? If I  knew you could make cocoa like this, you’d have been on cocoa duty a hell of a lot earlier.”
“Thanks, Bruce, but I gotta go see Pete, seen Tones already,” Steve grins and places the bowl in the sink; there’s no point cleaning it, he knows that the whole kitchen is going to be wrecked by the time Bruce and Bucky are finished. “JARVIS, where’s Peter and is he going back to school tomorrow?”
“Steve doesn't want to come out just yet, he wants to settle into this century a little more, which I think is healthy for him. You know for him the war was only a few years ago, he’s still recovering, I don’t want to push him into something he’s not ready for,” Tony smiles, “though he is going to lend his support to the charity, and make a public statement on the fact that the Avengers support everyone no matter their gender identity or sexual orientation. I just wanted to ask if you wanted to come out with me? It would be nice to have some company.”
“Oh, I know you love me, J but I am starting to hear colour, and that means I need a coffee,” Tony smiles, “Dum-e if you do not put down that coffee pot I will donate you to community college, don’t even try it.” Tony takes the pot from the errant bot and sets it down on the counter. “Its like herding cats around here, J, start the machine in the common room. Also what time is it?”
“We could try it,” he’s looking at Bucky, but he can see Steve relax and smile out the corner of his eye. “We could try and see what happens? Love is just science, right? So it would make sense to try it out and see if it works.”
“Hey, Barnes, do you wanna go make yourself useful and get us some cocoa, or something?” Tony mumbles burying his face in the cushion next to him.
“Hey, Steve,” Clint asks walking into the room, he stops when he notices them all on the massive sofa “oh, on second thoughts, its good, I got this.” He pulls a hot pocket from his jeans and stuffs it in his mouth. “Um.” He swallows quickly, “Peter’s waiting for someone to train him, he’s looking forward to jumping off some buildings.” He looks like he wants to be anywhere else than in the same room as the three of them. “Can you hang like a sock on your door later, so I can take out my hearing aids? I have heard many gross things but like, you guys uh going at it would make it to the top of my gross things list. Also, I may or may not have accidentally adopted a teenage girl? And a dog? They’re at my apartment, but I’m gonna bring them here, so okay bye.” He finishes the sentence and the hot pocket before anyone can actually answer him.
“I should inform you, sir, that there is a twelve-year-old boy who calls himself ‘Peter Parker’ on your doorstep.” JARVIS says, “Should I let him in? Is he expected?”
“Oh my god. You are such a dad,” Bucky laughs, as Tony shows him a blurry video of a rainbow robot opening a kitchen cupboard. “That is pretty cool though. Oh, look! The president just followed me!” JARVIS had been filtering the notifications Bucky had been receiving. “Holy shit, the president just followed me…” Bucky laughs again eye shining, “this is too much power for one gay to have. What should I say?”
“That’s right,” he says, collecting himself before he launches into a massive explanation of the intricacies that went into Bucky’s arm. “That is also a conversation for the morning; I think we should let Bucky and Steve get back to bed, yeah?”
Sorry about leaving this for like ages, but I've had A Lot to deal with for the past few weeks and honestly this wasn't my biggest priority. It should be back now with small updates every now and then, I can't promise anything but I am getting back into the swing of this slowly, there should be a bigger update in the next few days!
“Hi,” Peter says, his voice cracking a little, “um.” He fiddles with the strings of his hoodie; he’s rocking back and forth on his feet, another trait he seems to have inherited from Tony. “So, you’re my dad then.”
Eight fried wires later, and a slightly singed off eyebrow, and he’s slamming his head into the surface; his fingers are itching towards the bottle of whiskey that’s sitting on the counter opposite him. The smell of burning hair is going to linger in the room for quite some time, and honestly Tony does not want to deal with it, but the generator comes to life beneath his hands, and everything seems worth it. It takes everything in his willpower to not go running about the tower letting the whole team know how god damn good he is. Though, he’d promised to let them all sleep after they had got back from a particularly nasty mission (which he’d not be needed for) so he decided to let them sleep.
“Steve, I know, I know you would never do that. This isn’t me saying you would, this is me getting sick of you two dancing around each other. Also, the other thing,  you know… the press conference thing, I asked Barnes if he wanted in, didn't get an answer because he ‘young manned’ me but I also didn't get shot down so,” Tony shrugs, “we need to talk about that, and it’d be best if you were there, you know?”
“Is now a good time to tell you that I think, I’d quite like to take you on a date?” Steve mumbles as he rests his forehead against Tony’s.
“Iron Man, you have to stop turning off your comms,” Steve doesn't even sound annoyed, he sounds, Tony thinks, worried. “We need to be able to contact you.” Tony realises he’s right, that there is worry bleeding through the Captain America voice. That Steve sounds more like Steve, and not Captain America than he usually does when they're fighting for their lives.
“Where are we going?” Bucky asked, probably realizing that this was going to happen no matter what was said. Or he liked the idea of Tony taking them out. Either was fine with Tony.
Steve approached them, equally naked, and he ran his hand through Bucky’s thick hair. “So good, love.”  Steve then looked to Tony. “Tell your boy how good he’s been today.”
would be able to break the curse if he severed the bond. Some might think it better than living throughout the decades trapped and alone. It could likely drive him mad.”
I've never said this, but I do apologize for any mistakes to my typing and whatnot. This is unbeta'd.
care.” He said as he seemed to struggle for words. “I just don’t know what else I’m supposed to say, Steve. I know
“It’s all you, sweetheart,” he answered truthfully. Funny that most of his past partners had been drawn to him because they wanted a certain measure of pain or control, discipline or ownership. No one but Bucky had thought him capable of being a supportive caretaker. His sweet boy really brought out the best in him. They both did.
“Bucky, you’re home already.” He sighed in relief. “That’s good. I thought you’d be at the enlistment office all…”
“Yep,” Tony said, trying to smile at Steve, but his voice was still not quite right. “You’re going to the future.”
“You sell these?!” Tony had the urge to look out the window, half expecting to see winged pigs filling the sky. Steve Rogers, pornographer.
He also kind of liked that Tony ran the show. Yeah, he’d been commanding with Bucky like he usually was, but Steve had also liked Tony giving both of them directions, even if he’d made it sound like more of a suggestion with Steve. Like they were both equally taking care of Bucky, and Tony was just the one who happened to be making the calls on how to do it.
Besides, the only date Bucky and Steve had to worry about right now was the one Tony had planned for them.
Bucky sat at the large table in the dining alcove of the communal kitchen. All of the team, minus Thor and Tony, filled the rest of the chairs with Steve sitting in the chair to his right. Which was a good thing because Bucky’s nerves were all over the place. He’d never been comfortable during the team’s shared meals, but now that he had some version of his memories back, it was a different kind of discomfort.
“You follow my orders so well,” Tony told him deeply. “Naked and spread out for me to use.” He placed a hand on Steve’s knee, squeezing slightly before he ran it lower along Steve’s thigh and stopped before he got to Steve’s dick, which was lengthening rapidly.
“That’s bullshit, Steve!” It was the loudest Bucky’s voice had gotten since Steve had first seen him in the doorway. “You’ve been drowning for months, years probably, and you’ve never asked for help. I get why you couldn’t before with anyone. They’re your team, and you’re their captain, but I am your best friend. I’m your….your partner.”
A short while later, he was leaving a second hand store. He’d sold his six and a half thousand dollar suit for ten bucks, and he’d only gotten that because the guy in the store knew the material was top quality. He’d sold his Italian leather shoes for another three. His ring (pure gold) had gotten him five more. His belt and wallet (emptied of its contents) together added two more.
“Admiring the view?” Tony called out as he slowly turned to look at him. He wore a lazy, soft smile as he met Bucky’s eyes.
“Well,” Bucky began, “if you would have asked me that yesterday, I probably would have said no. I would have told you or anyone else that Hydra killed it a long time ago. But today, maybe that what’s memories give us? Knowing who we are makes us a person and not a thing. It’s the difference between an asset and a human being. I had lost my soul to Hydra, but maybe now I can have it back with these new memories of old Bucky.”
At that thought Steve closed his eyes as another flood of memories poured into his mind. It wasn’t as bad as when it had started. They came every ten or so minutes like waves crashing on the shore, sometimes the water reached higher than the wave before, but at least he was able to stay conscious and think around it with enough effort. The first time had been more of a tidal wave that had swept him away.
The second finger pushed inside him at that request, and Steve hissed around the stretch that was almost too much and too soon while still not being enough.
The colonel looked at Tony who had finally turned to give the man his full attention. The truth was that Tony wasn’t comfortable having his back exposed to the man who had threatened more than once to shoot him.
“I don’t know about you, Steve, but I’m ready to storm a tank and drive a beach.” He said as he smiled up at the blonde.
This is one of my favorite chapters. The boys deserve some holiday fluff. They do say Merry Christmas because Steve and Bucky are Irish Catholic. I still snuck in some plot advancement and character development.
The other three nodded in agreement. Their faces showing nothing but understanding and support. Bucky felt something warm kindle in his chest for them. It was strange, but not…unpleasant.
“The drop,” Tony said. “What goes up must come down. Those chemicals we talked about will be used up, and the crash can be pretty hard for some people. You’ll be exhausted. Speaking can be difficult, and you could become uncoordinated.” He turned to look at Steve. “It will be the top’s job to care for him, make sure he feels safe and loved. Keep him warm and comfortable.”
Pulling himself out of the thought and trying to put Steve at ease, he changed the subject. “Should we go prep for dinner?”
Tony shrugged because he couldn’t deny it. “Fair enough,” he agreed before he smirked at Steve. “It’s not like you’re any better than I am with that. You put the serve in service top.” He leaned forward and continued next to Steve’s ear, whispering darkly. “Besides, he’s not the only one that owns me, baby.”
Steve reached in his pocket, searching for a key, and Tony began to panic. This was it. Steve would expect him to leave now that he was home, but Tony didn’t want to go. He was terrified. He was homeless, and broke, and the only person he knew was about to walk away from him, and Tony couldn’t…
“You’re thinking of him, huh?” Bucky asked from where he lay across Steve’s lap, watching Steve’s face. He’d moved there over an hour ago. “You’re thinkin’ of Tony.”
He nodded happily, pleased that Bucky had put it together. “You can see his problem. I go to Ryan and tell him what Byrne has been doing. He beats the ever loving shit out of him. Then what can Byrne do? Spread a rumor about his neighbor who sold him out? I would just say that I was helping a friend and told him the truth about the guy screwing his wife. No one would believe that Byrne wasn’t just trying to get back at me, and they’d hate him even more for it.”
Tony was hurting, and it wasn’t just from his injuries. Something was wrong. He had noticed little things last night after they’d bandaged Tony up. After Steve had begun to wrap his head around everything he’d seen Tony do. It was still there this morning in the way Tony didn’t quite look at them as he spoke.
Tony put a hand on his shoulder, knowing how hard it must be for him to hear about some of things going on in his homeland. “Cheer up, my friend. His rule will be over soon, and Italia will be free flourish.”
“Ruth,” Tony interrupted her panicked apologies, calling her by her name as a friend would to get her attention. “You have nothing to be sorry for. That man did a disservice to everyone who shared his gender. I’m not going to judge you for being glad he’s gone. I won’t tell a soul what you said. No one will know, and there will be no gossip on the subject; it’ll be our secret. I just want you to know that if you need help, please remember that there are three friends living right next door who would be happy to provide it. Even if you just want some polite conversation now and then.”
Shaking his thoughts away, Tony’s eyes searched for the date. The month was right. The day was right. But the year was WRONG!
“It’s a word that’s agreed upon ahead of time that let’s the top know to stop, usually it’s a random word that wouldn’t normally be said during sex.” Tony explained. “Then there is the color system where instead of a safe word, people use colors: red, yellow or amber, and green.”
“Wow,” James said, impressed. “Wouldn’t have pegged you as a fighter.” His eyes raked over Tony’s suit again.
Bucky pretended to put up a fight, but they all knew that he needed to rest. If Steve didn’t know that Bucky would’ve hated him for it, he would have made him ride in one of the trucks to begin with, but Steve did know better. This was not their sweet love at the moment, and they couldn’t coddle him like Steve knew their Bucky would want to be cared for. This was Sergeant Barnes who, Steve and Tony had learned on their march, had been leading men into and out of impossible situations for months now.
Tony went closer to look at it’s contents as Bucky moved a pot to the sink and poured some pasta into a colander. “Is that what I think it is?”
“Tony, we don’t hold that against you.” Steve said seriously. “Whatever you’ve done, we know you’re a good person, and we appreciate that you would want to protect us.”
The far wall held a display of different versions of the Iron Man armor. He’d been impressed by that armor the first time he’d seen it when Steve had brought him down to see Stark their first night here. He remembered walking in and staring at all the different suits, cataloguing the subtle differences between them. It was the biggest reason that he’d allowed the genius to touch him.
“Why, baby?” Bucky’s voice was liquid and smoky at the same time. “Why’d you stop her from getting’ her hands on this beautiful prick? I would understand. It’s so perfect.”
So, here we are. I want to give a great big thank you to everyone who has made it this far. I also have to say that my posting schedule will probably start being a few days longer. As you know I never originally planned to visit the present, but now it's like a little runaway train. No complaints, I'm enjoying the ride right along with you, but I am now having to create another story within this story that I had never outlined or given detailed thought to things like dialogue. To preserve my sanity and continue to do these characters justice, I will be giving myself more time.
The end of War Bucky's POV was taken from a deleted scene from the First Avenger. In the movie we met Gabe Jones and the other commandos at the HYDRA prison camp, but Gabe was in that deleted scene. This is not historically accurate. People of color were segregated into their own units, however, there were times when these segregated units would work with others on large offensives or out of necessity. So, I wrote it into the story that the 107th had encountered Gabe's group and allowed them to join them since both units would benefit. Honestly, Marvel should pay me for fixing it's cannon, but I do like the idea they had that Steve would break this stupid army tradition and form an integrated unit of his own.
I know, an update so soon? Believe me I was surprised too, but the words just started flowing, and that is the best part of writing. That and getting to talk with you wonderful people. Thank you all for your kindness and support. I really can't say that enough. You are literally the best, and your excitement from my last post carried over to me as well. Also, yes, my friend and I are doing better and continue to work through it. I would also like to note that there may be a brief period of dialogue that could appear racist/inappropriate for some. It is not meant to be taken this way, nor does the character in question find it offensive. It was the way people spoke back then and the society they lived in. Hope you enjoy!
Tony needed to think. To find a solution. Because this was bad. He was apparently stranded in the past with no idea how to get home, no teammates to help, nowhere to go and no money. His eyes widened.
Tony tightened his grip on the wrist once more, ignoring the hiss of pain it caused, and leaned down so he could speak at Joe’s ear. “If I ever have the misfortune of seeing you again or hear you’ve come back to finish your beatdown on the kid,” Tony’s eyes found and locked onto astonished blue eyes across the way, “I will break a lot more than your arm.”
Tony nodded. “I do. I’m going to the Village. There might be some people that can help send me home, so hopefully I won’t be in your way much longer.” God, what would he do if those sorcerers couldn’t, or wouldn’t, help him?
Steve blushed at the words. Tony didn’t know if it was because of the compliment or the word sexy. Either way, the effect was flattering. His high cheekbones tinted pink under those big blue eyes surrounded by thick lashes, and Tony stopped the thought right there. That was not appropriate. Bad Tony.
Just as Steve was setting the cup back on the table, the door of the room opened, and Dr. Abrams, a man Tony had gotten to know fairly well over the past two years, walked in. When he saw that Tony was awake, his tired features morphed into a look of surprise before it was replaced with a smile that was less friendly and more professional than Tony would have liked. Especially when he was strung up like a marionet.
God help him but Steve almost wanted to throttle Bucky. Instead he just raised his voice and addressed his other teammates. “I think we’ve learned everything we can until we find Strange, or until Bruce and JARVIS can tell us if the phone has any information. We should go back to the tower. We’ll call Pepper and update her on the situation. We can also…try…”
“That’s not what I meant,” Tony assured him, and he could see that most of the men weren’t even bothering to pretend to pack anymore. He couldn’t blame them. This had to be way more interesting than that. “It’s for security.”
He felt a warm hand carefully grab his own and move it against a chest. He blinked furiously, and Bucky’s blurred face came into focus.
Bucky closed his eyes, wishing he hadn’t been woken from his sleep, as tears fell down his cheeks. He was so broken.
“I really hadn’t planned this far ahead.” Bucky breathed. “I half expected you to punch me when I kissed you.”
“You feel so fuckin’ good, Tony.” Steve panted as he swiveled his hips. “You’re so tight around me, so hot. So fucking sexy between us chokin’ on Bucky’s dick.”
Tony had said that there wasn’t anything wrong with the things he liked, and Bucky wanted to believe that. Maybe in time he would. Maybe they’d talk about it some more today.
Steve gave him a dry look. “Does it really seem like I can start courting a dame right now? I can barely provide for myself.”
“Sir has always held a deep respect for you, Sgt. Barnes,” JARVIS continued, “and his own unfortunate experiences at the hands of similarly cruel men has only strengthened that respect. While at times he may have been wary of upsetting you, he has always believed that you had the capacity and fortitude to overcome your past. If I may be so bold, I believe he would be quite proud with how far you’ve come.”
“I’m working with the human equivalent of Satan’s asshole, and you’re making jokes.” Tony sighed, defeated by everything about this day. “Remind me why I love you again?”
Bucky felt his brow pull down in confusion. “No, I mean do you want what you had before with him? Do you want Tony to be your fella again? You know he would make you happy.”
He buried himself deep as his arms snaked around Steve’s torso to hold him tight against his chest before rolling over onto his back. Steve rolled with him, and Tony’s dick never left his tight hole as he landed in a reverse riding position on Tony’s hips. Tony reached forward to grab at each of Steve’s legs and reposition them to a kneeling position above him.
He remembered the three of them walking in the park after their meal, continuing their conversation from dinner and catching up on all the little things that had been left out of their letters. He remembered all of them going home after. He remembered Tony and Steve backing him into the wall and kissing him on his mouth, his neck, his chest. He remembered the warm feeling of their lips, the gentle slide of their fingers as they moved over his skin.
That was Tony's slip-up. If it was 2015, then why was Hydra still in any way in existence? No way the Commandos would have given up the fight, and no way the Red Skull could still be alive.
Steve quieted his laughs, but there was still the remains of a small smile on his face. "Yeah, but I mean it. You… You're my equal. You're my balance. I've never…I've never felt that before with anyone. I never even thought about it in those terms before. Seemed kind of hokey, actually. But with you…it's not so hokey."
"No," Steve said and steered him over to the passenger side. "I let you drive, we'll end up detouring through who-knows-where, and then, well, look at that! We missed the show."
"Whatever you think is the best approach," he said then turned his attention to the newborn in Tony's arms. He reached out a hand and he brushed light and gentle fingers over the top of her small head. He frowned and said, "Are you sure it doesn't hurt?"
"Let's get this bullshit over with," he said, making sure to sound as prickly and annoyed as he felt with the situation.
But Captain America was as big a draw in 2012 as he'd been in 1943, and he was expected to show his face even for just a few minutes.
But Natasha just stepped over to him and said, "Why not? It's tradition for the couple not to see each other before the wedding, and we know you two would never do that voluntarily."
The only thing he got in reply was a simple, 'OK,' and he stared at it a moment and wondered what it meant. 'OK you're a freak, I'm not touching you'? 'OK sounds good. I can schedule you in'? 'OK I can imagine what you mean and I'm going to start without you. Buy some lotion on your way home'?
, his mind supplied automatically, but Steve wasn't there — god, why wasn't he there? He should have been there! — and so he looked up at Natasha and said, "You don't have to, but…"
Married. Definitely the married-to-Tony thing. The old man would probably blow a gasket when he found that out.
Tony just smiled, something warm and fuzzy coursing through his veins, and he relaxed in his seat, staring at Steve's profile as he was wont to do when Steve drove, and he had just started to rub a hand over his belly when the song changed, and Steve let it play for all of five seconds before he said, "
"Do you? Who's the one that has to come rescue you when you've been down here for over three days without food or sleep?"
, and I hope to god your significant other has never exceeded the BMI for 'underweight' because I can only imagine you would spend every day of their life reminding them of that. And second, yeah, I
To be perfectly honest, Tony would be lying if he said he didn't want to celebrate his birthday. He was accustomed to, in years past, throwing himself a big, ol' bash and inviting hundreds of people he barely knew or cared about just to have a loud, raucous, alcohol-soaked time. He'd enjoyed them for what they were worth, though the last time he'd done anything like that was the year he was dying of palladium poisoning. Getting shitfaced and fighting with Rhodey had kind of taken the bloom off of that rose, and since then, things had been a bit more low-key. His birthday back when he and Pepper were still dating had been spent on a romantic weekend getaway. After they broke up, it was spent in his lab. With Steve, it was a romantic dinner and then a hot, sweaty workout between the sheets.
Tony rolled his eyes. "I'm fine, Steve. I think I'd be the first to know if I wasn't." Steve nodded toward his abdomen. "You didn't know what the fluttering was."
"That's not the point," Steve said. "It would be different if this was something we chose — something that Tony chose. He didn't choose it. It was forced on him, and now he has to see it through to the end unless he wants to die, and that's not happening on my watch."
"The hour of our departure is upon us," Thor said, "and I believe it is time for our brothers-in-arms soon to be united in the sacred bonds of Midgardian matrimony to bid their farewells to one another until the dawn of a new morn."
doing something to him, even if he didn't realize it. Steve was mesmerized by the chatterbox beside him, amazed that someone's mouth could move that fast, and he knew for as fast as that mouth moved, the brain behind it moved even faster. He'd almost love to get a peek inside that brain to see all its beautiful madness in action. He wanted to sketch it or paint it or even just wander around in it.
She just glanced up and smiled at him, and Steve nodded and pushed himself off the couch then went over to Dopey and Sleepy and said, "You both seem to have recovered from your day at the beach. Come on. We'll go run through a few drills."
He felt the burn of attraction begin to flush his face, and he tipped his head back and blinked to try to clear his head as Natasha moved her mouth from his neck down to his collarbone and— Oh, god, that was his breast. Was she sucking a fucking hickey onto his breast? How the fuck was he supposed to explain
"Us. What we're doing. What the public's saying about us. It would be better if we got ahead of it."
He sat away from Steve, but he didn't fight it when Steve sighed and reached out to pull Tony into his arms. He went with it, a slight pout on his face, and Steve exhaled another breath and rubbed his hands over Tony's back and said, "What did I tell you when this all started? How were we going to face this?"
Steve talked constantly that entire afternoon, almost like he was afraid if he allowed there to be any moment of silence that Barnes would take that as his cue and would pack up and leave, voluntarily walking away from Steve one more time.
"I'm a soldier, Tony, not a teacher. I follow orders, I don't give them. Well, I mean, I guess within reason, I do, but—"
"Look, Tony," Bruce said, and Tony looked up at him. "If it makes you feel more comfortable, I'll do it. I can go over and do it for you. Just as a warning, Denise would have to be in the room, too, but I'll be the one to actually perform it on you, OK?"
Steve sighed out a pained breath, and he squeezed his eyes shut and put his hands to his hips and said, "Buck—"
If Steve had expected Tony to offer him sympathy for that, he was sorely mistaken. Tony stepped up to him, hands on his hips and said, "Yeah? Well, that's not my problem."
Steve shot him another knowing look over the metal rim of his dark aviators and said, "You know where it's got to pass through, right?"
Cap merely nodded, and Tony thought not for the first time about how easily they seemed to understand each other. "I'm sorry," he said after a moment.
Tony scoffed. "That just means they ran into him somewhere. It doesn't mean he's dead. It doesn't mean they found him crushed under a building. It just means they found him. Did they actually
Tony inhaled deeply, and he nodded once and put his helmet back on. Steve went to protest, but Tony switched the voice modulator on so he sounded like his old self again and said, "Get yourselves back to New York."
Steve nodded, and Tony frowned down at himself and, not for the first time, wondered if he'd made the right decision about changing back — at least so soon.
Steve pulled away and tried to right Tony a little bit, and he let go of Tony's hips and said, "See you on the 'jet," before he turned and made his way out of the lab.
"I ever see him again, I'll gladly take a swing at him," Steve said with an earnest and curt nod of the head. "And I'm not that much of a pervert. I just...enjoy playing with you."
Pepper's face went soft and a little sad at that. "Oh, Tony," she said, breathing out his name in slight sorrow, "I'm so sorry."
He nodded his understanding, and then Bruce was off, bypassing Barnes, who was just stepping off the elevator into the penthouse as Bruce was going to step on. Fuck, was it an elevator or a revolving door? Bruce left, and Barnes stood by the elevator a moment before he took a breath and seemingly summed up whatever courage he thought he needed to push into the living area.
"It probably doesn't mean anything," he said, "and even if it did, it's just…he probably just wants to catch up, see how things have been the past several years."
Her grip went a little tighter making Tony fight just a little harder. "Oh, no, please, let me—" she tried to say, but Tony succeeded in yanking his arms away, and he gave her a funny little look before he turned to waddle back in the direction of the personal elevator. He walked about ten feet before he threw a glance over his shoulder to see if the…he guessed she was a doctor by the white coat…was still standing there, but she was gone, and there was a gurney and a couple of what looked like nurses standing where she had been.
," he said, his voice soft and loving, his hand on Tony's arm as Tony stared into his eyes and looked for something that Steve desperately hoped that he found.
Steve shot him a displeased look, and Barton shoved a spoonful of cereal in his mouth — two- forty-five in the afternoon, and he was shoveling Lucky Charms into his mouth — as Hill came into the kitchen, folder in-hand and serious look covering her face. She dropped the folder down in front of Steve, who looked up at her and said, "Is this all of them?"
Tony sniffed and said, "Yeah, well, we'll just see which one she's playing with in a week's time, and I don't think it's going to be the one modeled after an antique."
Sam looked like he was fighting hard to keep from laughing, and he radioed Bucky, "Language police are on the patrol. I repeat: Language police are on the patrol."
But Tony just scratched at his expertly-groomed jaw and said, "The Avengers…aren't exactly the same. I mean, we've got an actual Norse god on the team. OK, he's an alien, but the Scandinavians thought he was a god. Then we've got the Spy Twins, the one-armed assassin, the android, the witch, the giant, green rage-monster, the War Machine, your jogging buddy, and those bugs from out west — sometimes. I guess you'd call it an eclectic group."
Barnes shook his head. "I don't know anything," he said and looked up at Steve, his light eyes sharp, but Tony saw truth therein. "They didn't tell me anything like that. I didn't ask questions. They program that out of you. They just told me who my target was and told me to take care of it."
He held Steve’s gaze a moment, his big, dark eyes almost daring Steve to challenge him, and Steve took another deep inhale of breath and squared his shoulders, standing at his fullest height and using it to attempt to cow Stark in some way.
"You told Cap he was allowed to hang out up here any time he wanted. Figured the same held true for the rest of us. I mean
"Could you not sit there looking so murder-y?" he asked and wheeled over, various implements in hand. "Giving me the heebie-jeebies."
Steve went to reply, but Barton put his glass to his lips again and said, after answering Bruce's question about proper stud placement, "Of course I'm right. I'm right about everything."
"Yeah?" He looked up from where he was petting DUM-E's strut and telling him he would play with him again later.
"Mmm…you like that, don't you," he purred against Steve's ear. "Like the thought of me, all muscle and hard lines, trussed up for you in slinky lingerie."
Bruce sighed and pulled away from the machine. "Would you go relax?" he all but begged, a tired whine to his voice.
Jesus, what if there really was an actual, physical manifestation of 'Mother Nature' — maybe even one that
"'M not tired," he grumbled, which was a lie as he actually was pretty exhausted even for this not having been the body that had undergone all the trauma.
"A wedding cake I got on discount," Hill replied blandly. "Evidently the purple of the fondant wasn't exactly to the bride's specifications. I guess some of those tiny silver balls that they decorate with were a bit misplaced as well."
"Bend over, Antonia. Good girl," Steve said as he bent over, and Steve pulled him back just a little bit to better position him and pushed his legs apart. "God, you're so good," he murmured as he ran a light hand down Tony's back before he pushed up the thin material of the negligée and then took a gentle hold of his lacy panties and slid them down his legs, exposing him more fully to the cool air of the room. He slid the panties down to his ankles then made him step out of them, leaving the garter and the stockings firmly in place. He hummed a little in appraisal, traced a light finger down one firm cheek and then slapped a hand against it, hard, firm, and possessive. Tony jumped a little and moaned out a gasp, and Steve chuckled a little stroked his fingertips over the stinging flesh and said, "What did I tell you about talking? Your wanton little moans count, too."
She put her hands on his arms. "You're not going to die. We won't let anything happen to you any more than Steve will. But just saying you do? Saying something happens that no one can stop? I fear for that witch and anyone that stands between her throat and Steve's hands."
"I have," Steve replied, hitting the button on the side to mute the sound. "Someone keeps changing it back."
"He remembers you well," he added, a knowing tone lacing his voice. He gave Tony a curt smile then turned and left, and Tony stared after him for a moment, those old feelings of pain and humiliation coming back like he was twenty-years-old again, and he almost got lost in the heartaches of yesteryear when movement in the periphery caught his attention, and he turned, his gaze settling upon a much different tall hunk of man with fair hair and blue eyes.
," and the lights came up as at least a dozen voices chorused a cheerful and loud, "Happy Birthday!" at him.
"Oh, good. I'm glad to see nothing has changed in the last week I wasn't here," Barton said as he came into the kitchen and made straight for the fridge. Steve just nodded 'hello' to him, but Tony turned in his chair and said, "Uh, yeah, hi. Welcome back. Stop eating our food."
The car stopped at Natasha's floor, and the doors slid open to reveal the vestibule. She led Tony off the car and over to the door that led into the apartment proper, and Tony stepped into the soothing sanctuary that was Casa Romanova.
"And you're not concerned that this guy and his wife are going to use this against you in some way?" Bruce asked, not in an accusatory manner but with genuine concern.
?" Bruce murmured in confusion, and even Rhodey seemed perplexed by the reference, stopping mid-bite to raise an eyebrow at Tony, and Tony gawked at them like they were both idiots and said, "Sprout. Jolly Green Giant's little helper? You're like Sprout to the Hulk's Jolly Green Giant."
"It is. It's bad luck to have any of that stuff done beforehand. You wait until the baby comes, and then you worry about buying everything for it."
He ached, and his breathing wasn't as good as it had been — like his lungs weren't getting nearly as much oxygen as he'd been used to, sort of in that way his breathing had been toward the end of the pregnancy — and he just felt…
Because he was afraid of Steve seeing him like this. Because he was afraid of Steve being reminded of the broken-down, old man that he had married. Especially having possessed a body that, even through a pregnancy, was practically physical perfection.
Bruce just went about setting up some apparatus for testing. "You don't have to pretend like you hate this entire thing."
Wilson furrowed his brow and looked between Barnes and Steve. "Uh…they're still playing. They're in Los Angeles now, I think. I mean, if you ever wanted to see them play." He nodded at Tony. "Princess could probably get us all a box."
After Tony had gotten a hold of himself, they went into Olivia's room, and Steve stood around and offered his comments as Tony dressed Olivia in a cute little red, green, and white Christmas dress. There was some mention of 'gender roles' and 'conformity' and 'not wanting to encourage it' by Tony, to which Steve just nodded his head and pretended like he knew what any of those words meant, until Tony admitted, "But she looks so
Steve sighed a little as he stretched out the hamstrings in his right leg. He dropped his leg from where he'd had it propped up onto the chair, and he took hold of Tony's hands and brought them up to his lips, kissing the back of each hand one at a time. "I give you my solemn oath that nothing will happen to either one of us."
— You could take me. Wet your fingers and— and stick them inside me one at a time, working me open slowly—
"But I take it this is an effect of the serum, yeah? I mean, unless you were a sickly runt with a crazy-high sex drive, but that doesn't usually follow."
So, unless they were able to break the bonds of matrimony between the King and his chancellor — through death was about their only option at this point — they would have to accept that the only union that could provide a legitimate heir to the throne was the union between the King and the Chancellor. If the witch could give them what they most desired — an heir to the throne — even if it was somehow through the union of the King and the Chancellor, then so be it.
"Not that," Steve cut in before Tony could finish. "Just a nap. You and me. You can even be the big spoon if you want."
She shrugged but didn't defend herself against or deny Bucky's accusations. It was hard to when there were photographs.
Steve made a motion as though to ask where he would even go, and Tony went into the foyer and up the stairs.
Natasha, though, was the one to smooth over the situation as she said a soft and empathetic, "No, Tony's water finally broke."
He didn't know why this one stuck out to him, but he couldn't stop looking at it, and something warmed inside of him as he thought about Tony and himself being the type to commemorate something like that. If nothing else, from what he'd seen, Tony was a loving father.
As was no surprise to anyone, there wasn't any decent parking near to the gallery, and so Steve double-parked and let Tony and Bruce out in front of the gallery entrance, telling them he'd find a spot for the car and meet them inside. He drove off once some impatient cab driver nearly rammed the back of the Audi to get Steve to move, and Bruce nodded toward the door and said, "Come on," and led the way over.
Tony glanced at Barton a moment before he stuck his finger into the cake and grabbed a dollop of filling and wiped it on Steve's nose. Steve, adorably, crossed his eyes trying to look at the glob of white sugary glop that was now covering the tip of his nose, and Tony grinned and leaned forward, licking it off and making an 'mmm' sound as he did so.
/tall; tawny/fair; brunette/blonde; brown-eyed/blue-eyed; lean/built). But it was in the way they blended and complemented each other, the way that one took gladly what the other offered, the way Steve liked to marvel at advancements and Tony liked to show off. It was in the way they innately understood each other — even if they didn't always agree — and the way they could communicate with nothing more than meeting each other's gazes. It was in the way they could have an entire conversation with each other with barely a word uttered because words were superfluous. Each somehow knew what the other was thinking, like they were connected on a level no one else could match, something that made Bruce scratch his head and Barton roll his eyes and Romanoff gaze at them impassively almost like she was bored by it all.
Tony grimaced a little and adjusted how he was sitting. "My aching vagina would say that, yes, I pushed your ten-pound child out of my body the so-called 'natural' way. And, seriously, you'd think for something so
Determining that Tony was stretched enough, he pulled his fingers away, which earned him a little whine from Tony, and he applied a little more lube to his cock then suddenly realized that, while he was clean, that was still no excuse not to be careful about things—
She went to take a step toward him but stopped at the last second and frowned. "What? Who told you that?"
. Like, you're dealing with whatever shit Hydra's pulling downtown one minute, and then the next thing you know, you're turned into a w—"
"I know," Tony said with a nod, a lump forming in his throat and tears stinging his eyes. God, not now. Why did they have to talk about this
"I'm sorry for what I'm about to name you because it's not fair to either one of us. But it's the name your father and I picked out when we didn't think we'd even need it, and we never decided on another, so, welcome to the world, Miss Olivia Louise."
Tony just cocked his head, unsure of what he meant, and ignoring this 'Wanda' woman's additional warning of them not having much time, Cap crossed the floor to meet up with him just as Bruce and Rhodey exited from the elevator, Rhodey evidently back from his lunch date and
She swallowed but nodded a little more. "All right. That's the way we'll play it. That's what we'll—" She shrugged a bit. "She did say you two were soul mates, and if you can feel that Steve's still alive, then that's good enough for me."
in this position were he not somehow 'soul bonded' or whatever the fuck it was to Steve, but still, this wasn't the worst experience he'd ever undergone, and being with Steve made it so, so much more bearable than it might otherwise have been.
"Can never have enough office space," Tony said breezily and wondered which wall would actually be the best one for the crib. They'd need a dresser, too. A bureau. Probably a changing table. And should they go natural wood or white-painted?
"Here," he said and handed the cup to her, filled halfway with orange juice. "Try not to get it on yourself."
Steve squeezed his hand a little, either in reassurance or relief. Tony couldn't be sure which. "Yeah?" he asked, and Bruce nodded.
He reached out and cupped Tony's face in his hands and, hoping he was doing this the right way, he bent his head and captured Tony's lips with his own. He tried to remember the way Tony had done it — the force, the passion, the tongue and the teeth and saliva — and he held Tony's face a little firmer and kissed him a little harder, and when all was said and done and he pulled back to see if he'd done OK, Tony just opened his eyes and blinked up at him and said, "You're a terrifyingly fast learner."
Bruce and Natasha exchanged looks, and Wilson called out once more, "Nat, come on! Cap's got that look on his face!"
This year, he wanted something kind of different. He wanted a party — but not like the parties of yesteryear. He wanted one with just his friends and his family, maybe something nice and simple like what they'd done for him and Steve when they'd gotten married.
He rolled his eyes and grabbed the carton of orange juice from where it sat by Thor's hand. "Steve, if you backwashed into this—" he said as he poured some into his empty coffee mug.
Tony was able to shove Steve onto the elevator just as they began to argue about sucking the helium out of the balloons, and when the doors closed and the car was on the ascent, Tony looked up at him and said, "See? It wasn't so bad, was it?"
"Because you turn fifty shades of red when we talk about you like this," Natasha said, humor lacing her voice, "and it's funny to see how many different colors we can get you to turn each time."
He sat up some and reached out to grab his phone, and Tony watched over his shoulder as he thumbed through the contacts.
"You can scramble eggs," Tony said and set the bowl down then tried to remember how Jarvis had made the French toast once upon a time. "And just barely at that— And before you say anything, you got lucky with the steaks last night. Actually, they were a little overdone, but I didn't want to say anything because I'm a big believer in it being the thought that counts."
Pepper just stood there staring at him, and about the only thing she could say to him was, "Well, you ramble like Tony."
"He knows what hat," Tony said as DUM-E met up with them and nudged Steve. "He also likes Steve the best."
out of my body. I lie awake at night wondering how I'm going to fuck this up, I have tried to think through every scenario possible for how some asshole from Hydra or AIM or even my own fucking government could get their hands on me or
Tony blew out a breath and swiveled back and forth in his chair some more. "Honestly? Steve kind of… I guess he sort of characterizes
Thor frowned at the stairs a second, setting Mjölnir on the coffee table before he turned to Steve and said, "Forgive me. I did not know Anthony was still asleep."
"Fuck, no wonder it took so damned long," he muttered and yawned. He'd slept for almost four hours in the car, but that didn't mean he wouldn't turn down another four in a nice, comfy bed.
As Tony sat and gawked at Steve, mouth dropped open and head tilted like he couldn't quite figure what Steve had just said, Steve added, "I knew about your list."
"Yeah, really sounds like you believed that," Tony muttered, but Steve seemingly ignored him and went back to pleading with Bucky.
"Don't laugh! I'm serious. You are too gorgeous for words. Yeah, Thor's a hunk, sure, but you are just too beautiful for words. And I don't think it's vain to accept that I myself make for a very attractive woman. And even now, looking like this? I'm glowing. I can tell I'm glowing. Stop laughing and listen to me!"
"No, we totally should," Tony countered. "I should have just rented it out for the night so it was only the two of us."
Anthony finally decided it was time to make his appearance. He appreciated the gesture, but it wasn't entirely necessary, he didn't think.
Steve frowned until he realized Tony had taken that as some awful innuendo, and he rolled his eyes and said, "No, your height. You, uh…"
"Because you've never fallen for anyone as quickly as you did for that little girl," Rhodey replied, his concern matching Bruce's. "And your definitely-not-alternate-universe future husband just waltzed right out of here with her."
