John emptied it quickly, making sure not to contaminate the flesh, and pulled out the viscera, still warm. Once it was free of the corpse, Sherlock leaped on the pile, while John dragged the bear over to the shanty so he could hang it.
Mrs. Dimmock rose, her face still pink with the effort of helping with two enormous meals, and shook hands all around.
John, for a moment, was not sure that he had not hurt Sherlock’s feelings, and yet he was sure that his assessment of Sherlock’s cigar experiment was not incorrect. It was not science, but a humbug upon which to displace his feelings—of inadequacy about their inability to find reason or rhyme behind the recent pattern of events, most likely, as well as his unresolved sexual needs.
"That definitely confirms our suspicion, then. Tame bear. What do you suppose are the chances of its owner coming back looking for it?"
“Stop that,” John yanked Arthur’s reins as he slid off. Arthur snorted and danced back. “Sherlock, he’s in a bad way. Wouldn’t it be kinder to end it for him?”
John gathered Eva up in his arms and kissed her joyously, to the horror of Uncle Gregory, who was coming in from the barn, his pitchfork over his shoulder.
There was nothing else for it but to leave him. John did not flee, but he left the cabin as fast as he could, and if he stroked himself to a nearly painful crisis the minute he was behind the cedar stump in the swamp, who was to say?
“I did not want to endanger your heart. But there have been so many moments where your body was endangered, I have genuinely feared for your safety. And,” John continued, running his hand through his hair, “Yesterday, I could not bear the sight of other men who love men looking at you coveteously. So many times, I have regretted not having you for my own.”
Sherlock watched with unfeigned fascination as John roasted two large trout, which cooked quickly over the flames despite the light rain that had begun to fall. John flipped them off the grill on to chunks of Sherlock’s salt-rising bread, and, too impatient for fresh food to wait, they ate with their fingers while it was still hot. The rich flesh burned, but it was delicious, and so they took their pleasure with their pain.
Except of course he wasn’t. He’d gone back to the scene of the fallen tree, as sure as John was standing there, deliberately betraying their agreement, and putting them both in danger.
He did not wait for Sherlock; instead, in a hurry to de-manure himself, he quickly stripped, dumped his soiled clothes beside the large granite boulder that served him as a washing rock, and waded in. The water was pleasant to the touch, and he sank with delight under the surface. Clouds of filth came off him.
What he knew unequivocally, however, was that they were all free, here, free to live as they chose.  He, too, would be free if he stayed.
Mycroft. John was tempted to throw it out immediately, but then he thought that perhaps there were things for Sherlock inside--non-vile tea, maybe--and decided to keep it. Although, it
“Shall we get coffee?” Sherlock whispered back. John couldn’t decide whether to punch him or to slide his hand back and pinch the most sensitive spot on his thigh.
Still, John was also flabbergasted by the improvement Sherlock’s scientific energy brought to his life. He, at least, ate better, and the plants Sherlock brought in added sorely needed variety to their meagre spring meals.
“A pleasure,” John said, extending his hand towards Molly. Sherlock scrutinized his face, but the smile, so bright for Sherlock, had dimmed to no more than a pleasant expression. Socially acceptable, but no undue interest.
John, who understood him, even though he had never wanted a boarder. John, who respected—smoking items aside—his experiments. John, who saved him from enraged moose and tried to pull him out of manure piles. John took care of him and was, when it came down to it, the most interesting person he had ever met.
"My brother," Sherlock said, sitting back on his heels with a sigh, "is the most tiresome person in this world."
John glanced up and wished he hadn’t. Sherlock’s face was soft, in a way John had rarely seen, and was all the more beautiful because of it.
Sally's beautiful face was still, for a moment. Then she stopped walking, looked him in the eye, and said,
“John!” Sherlock’s voice hit him in the pit of his belly, amplifying the fading buzz. “Do you want me to make breakfast?”
“I was an army doctor, Sherlock Holmes,” John’s voice was low and calm. “I could break all the bones in your body while naming them. Don’t posture in front of me.”
Lestrade's barn raising means there are a plethora of new suspects...er, people...for Sherlock to meet, and John's bachelor status is cause for comment. Many food items are consumed, many drinks are drunk, and many dances are danced. There are confidences in the woods--and danger, too.
This chapter’s rejected title is “Cockblocked by a Bear.” It was very nearly the actual title too but I couldn’t quite let myself do it.
“Sherlock!” John called. Sherlock walked out of the water and continued walking. He was going to make tea—a massive quantity, in the kettle itself—and then he was going to drink it alone, on the roof of the shanty if necessary. He could live out this crisis—he cringed at the word—in peace.
He slung the sack into Arthur’s saddlebags. Then, he untied Idiot Horse’s reins and handed them to Sherlock, who had stood and was waiting diffidently beside Arthur for John to be ready. Arthur whickered in irritation at Sherlock’s closeness. Sherlock pulled a face at him.
"We have time," John grinned. He ran his hands along Sherlock's chest, brushing lightly over the sensitive pink nipples. "There's no rush."
If it were to stay that way, he should move on. Shaking his head, he thought of the day before him. He had managed to make a proper tincture of yarrow; today he could try it on all the animals without consequence, so that would keep him occupied for a while, he supposed. And he would likely have time to make scones before John returned. He'd had some luck with camomile in the batter; it seemed to have reduced John's nightmares, if only a little.
“Wha—who? Oh, the horse. No. Mycroft was hoping—and I have no idea why because usually he is more perspicacious than that—I would give her a name and somehow “bond” with her. I’ve been calling her Idiot Horse.”
"India," John said, quite taken aback; he glanced at Stamford for some evidence of surprise but Stamford's face remained placid.
John examined his face. There was no breath of fear, no bluff; this was a man who would stop at nothing.
They sat in the back of the stands and watched a team called the Timber Wolves beat another team called the Timber Wolves.
John could do it again. He should do it again. He could take out the massager and, with a clear and doctorly explanation, oblige Sherlock to lower his trousers once more.
Sherlock nearly howled, pushing back towards him in urgency. Two or three wet drops had fallen to the blanket already, and John had barely started. He wondered if he would ever get to the end of Sherlock’s responsiveness, and bent to his work. The world shrank to these few inches of flesh, the soft pleading sounds in his ears, and the scent of musk and sex.
Yet…tormenting his brother was familiar territory, without the zest it once had. These woods were much more interesting, if slightly more dangerous, and there was much greater scope for science. And, of course, there was John. The pleasure of their interaction was not lost on Sherlock; it was as novel as it was unexpected, and it must be preserved.
By the time the sun was midway to the zenith, John was halfway through the enormous tree. He paused to remove his shirt, wiping the sweat from his forehead at the same time.  Sherlock sat as though he was one with the granite upon which he sat: hard everywhere and entirely immobile. He could not ask to measure John’s bicep again now.
—release. John was in the same state already--his usual morning distention was now a cockstand borne of desire, and Sherlock had done that with his hands, and mouth, and body. He let go of John's hands, meaning to slide down and suck him again; the taste of John in his mouth was already a too-distant memory, and he wanted more.
“Whatever it was, we’re still stuck seven miles from home, it’s raining, and the sun will set in an hour or so.”
“Hm.” Sherlock stood and fixed him with a glare. “How about you put your money where your mouth is?”
The house had warmed, though not much, and he drew the latch and closed the curtain over the entry. Setting a huge kettle of water to boil, he unpacked his provisions and sat down with a sigh. He'd wash, he'd eat, and he'd make a plan.
John began at the end of the bear, as was customary, cutting around the penis and testicles and tying off the urethra and anus. Sherlock watched in morbid--but thankfully silent--fascination.
Sarah rolled her eyes but pushed the bowl towards Sherlock and went to wash her hands at the pump. Sherlock followed to wash his own.
John shook his head. Tearing off into the woods and leaving his farm unattended was out of the question. Letting Sherlock go to Richard’s Brook alone was out of the question. Going himself…could he go, himself?
Sherlock did not kiss John anywhere for those three minutes. Rather, he made John stand, then drew his shirt over his head with inestimable tenderness, stroking his chest, neck, and shoulders, with his large warm hands until John was shivering and achingly hard. When the timer beeped, it was all John could do not to throw himself into Sherlock’s arms and drag him to bed, but he held firm. Very firm.
John went through their normal breakfast routine with an odd, disembodied feeling. Sherlock’s question about his own sexual emissions had started the scrambling of his brain; his shot about soldiers had finished it. John’s previous rational resolution to reduce his emissions was all mixed up in the previous night’s torment. Sherlock’s confirmation that he was indeed a lover of men sat on top of the mess, something almost too tempting to think of.
Harry's plaintive call broke into his reverie, and he shoved the thick wool blankets aside and got out of bed. The air in the small cabin was icy, and outside the wind whistled forbiddingly. He shrugged into his heavy coat and poked up the fire before shoving the door open. Another blizzard, dammit--he leaned into it and pushed. He'd have to shovel the front later, but for now he needed to get to Harry before she started destroying things.
“Well, I’ll tell you right now, they aren’t. And that’s because this is a very old sample. Look at the lustre, and smell the mould.”
"Carleton is a small town that thinks itself a city. It has, besides a flourishing and yet deadly dull lumber industry, a seminary, where the professional class, as well as anyone who is jumped-up enough to think an educational institution run by religious idiots is a good thing, send their children to be--and I use this term as loosely as possible--educated."
John moved through the doorway to see a tall, slim man--not overfed, damn it all--in an impeccable suit leaning against the wall as though he had every right to be there. If this wasn’t Mycroft Holmes, John was a Dutchman.
They left the arena for lunch, as Sherlock wanted to watch the referee in question travel to the arena. John drove them straight to a Tim’s.
"That I'd treat you if you wanted to be treated, or if you showed serious symptoms, but otherwise you were welcome to do just about what you liked."
Dropping his scalpel, he began to pace. Was it just coincidence? Hard to believe. There was some malicious force at work here, and yet its influence was so shadowy Sherlock could not grasp it. The only thing he could take hold of was bears, squirrels, trees, footprints…and shit. Why hadn’t he taken a sample? He cursed himself.
"Three to four days at most. The brain was liquefied, which was not ideal, but a competent analysis would still have brought important information to light."
“Oh, now, I would never presume.” Mrs. Hudson pushed the cream towards him, her expression so angelic John could barely credit her with her scandalous utterances of the moment before. John took the cream, speechless. Sally sipped her tea.
“I’ll see what I can do, sir.” The falseness of his own voice jarred him, and he stood dumb for a moment.
How, then, to best deal with the situation? Certainly John would still be embarrassed when he came in for breakfast. Perhaps the direct approach would work best. Encouraged, he gathered up the matches and the tin, and scraped the candle from the floor. They would speak man-to-man, as fellow scientists, and the awkwardness would pass. Pausing in the perusal of his J29 notebook, Sherlock smiled. They were friends.
The dance continued. People dropped out gradually, tired from their strenuous day, but Sherlock fiddled until the last pair (Mrs. Hudson and Lyons) admitted defeat. He set down his fiddle and took a glass of watered rum gratefully, but though his arms were very tired now, he wished they could have kept on and on.
By the time they’d butchered the bear, filled the barrel full of meat and shoveled the skeleton and guts up and buried them on the far side of the manure pile, it was dinnertime. Sherlock washed the knives while John did the chores, securing the door with an extra bar as well as a leather strap.
John waited for her to continue, but she turned abruptly and went towards the cabin. He followed, wrongfooted.
Sherlock turned on to his stomach. His cock was hard again—the stimuli must be the memory of his pleasure in the woods and of John’s face as he met his crisis--and he rolled his hips, pressing his cock down into the blankets and the clean hay that now made up his bed. Then, John rolled over, sighing in his sleep, and Sherlock stopped.
Harry watched him, her yellow-green eyes narrowed. Her hindquarters bunched slightly. Sherlock leaped one more row of potatoes, theorizing that if he could see her hindquarters equally, he would be able to determine which way she would jump. He had not, quite, calculated that his jump would cause her to change direction. He was thus unprepared for the frankly unscientific leap Harry made, jumping over Clara and free of the potato patch. She landed at top speed and disappeared into the woods.
“All right?” It had not been a shudder of fear, or of pain, or even of disgust, but if Sherlock wished to stop any reason would be acceptable.
“Never stop,” Sherlock breathed, and John didn’t. Sherlock opened for him like a dream, slick and tight, pushing back against him like he couldn’t get enough. John felt him begin to shake much too soon, but it didn’t matter, because he too was at the start of a ferocious pleasure, tearing through him as Sherlock cried out and tightened around him.
“Berk.” John coughed out, surprised by such a ridiculous statement. “You have said”—another cough—“that breathing was boring.”
“Get him away!” John shouted. Mrs. Hudson pulled Frank away before Harry’s teeth sunk into his neck. Though she was restrained by John, Harry made a very creditable attempt to kick Frank in the face before she was hauled away. Had she been human, Sherlock was certain her language would have been of the most obscene sort.
Sherlock’s face had started to take on a strained feeling, and he realized, after a moment, that his facial muscles were tired—from laughing. Him. Because of John. He looked at John, whose head was thrown back, still laughing, the column of his neck exposed, his shoulders shaking.
“I am an excellent judge of character.” Sherlock allowed his pride to show through his voice, and was rewarded with John’s small huff of laughter.
In the fading light, Sherlock’s hair was just another dark shadow, but his skin gleamed. His hands were on his hips, and his shirt buttons strained a little. His ridiculous cupid’s bow mouth curved upwards, shining in the firelight.
He hurried through into the kitchen, where Sally—why could he not recall more?—was at the stove, stirring an enormous kettle of beans. Her back stiffened at the sound of his step; he resolved to leave her strictly alone until he could place her. Mrs. Hudson had shaken her lettuce dry and was now tearing it briskly as she gave breadmaking instructions to another, unfamiliar woman.
The party that was left was very merry, toasting everything from the delicious meal to the perfect barn to the confused chicken who wandered up to the table.
The gust of delighted laughter that escaped John at that moment surprised even him, but he let it come, bubbling up, until it was cut off by the receipt of a faceful of peat mud. He struggled, silently, for a moment, before ducking under the water to rinse his face.
A loud baaing interrupted his thoughts, and he looked at the sky. It was a trifle late; perhaps he would do the chores (with clothing, as Harry was not to be trusted around anything that appeared to be loose and flapping). Then, he thought, looking at the still surface of the pond, a swim. He would scrub himself clean and slip back into bed with John. He wanted to touch every part of John's body, and he wanted to do it soon.
The water lubricated their contact, and they slid together, each scrabbling for some purchase that was not the other. John’s chest was at Sherlock’s waist, his left arm thrown up and over Sherlock’s right shoulder. Sherlock’s legs were floating free, and he had grasped John around the torso.
“Fine,” Sherlock said with a sigh that threatened to shake the rafters of the cabin, and laid down his pen and accompanied John to the barn. As John took down the harness, Sherlock bypassed all the other animals, and came up short before the fowl pen.
"For you, maybe," John said, "but I ploughed four acres today, and dug my heavy plough out of clay. And I have to do the same tomorrow. I need to sleep. The loft or the settle?"
. Their arsonist had a complex, it seemed. He scanned the crowd, letting song after song wash over him.
Then, Sherlock glanced sideways at John’s arm, partly hidden under his linen shirt. Before he could censor his mouth, he was asking a question he knew to be presumptuous.
I KNOW THIS CHAPTER HAS YET ANOTHER REFERENCE TO ANDERSON AND BESTIALITY. I’m sorry, he’s a convenient whipping boy and I can’t help myself.
Sherlock paced back towards the fireplace, stepping up and over the settle as though it were part of the floor. His hair brushed the beam on the ceiling before he dropped to the floor with a thump.
“I can help.” John said, feeling short of breath himself, words rushing out of him, “Do you want me to treat you? I know it’s what your brother wants, but it would honestly help.”
“Now, daylight in the springtime is not a good time to ask a bush farmer anything. I’m going to harness the oxen, and then to the field. Don’t make more work for me.”
There was nobody, though, to enact such punishment here.  Could he engage in such activity? He pondered. He had always eschewed anything regarding romance or physical proximity, believing it to be an unnecessary frill. Science was the key to life, and it was science that his brain, and, perforce, his body yearned. He had not felt any great desire for any person, and so he had been able to devote himself to the work.
“No--no!”  Uncle Gregory should not, could not see it. It would be like showing himself naked, John thought, and he simply could not do it. John turned and ran to the kitchen stove, cramming the book in. “How dare you!” Uncle Gregory shouted, following him at a run. He grabbed John by the collar too late.
Finally up on the roof of the shanty, Sherlock marked his position meticulously and stabilized himself before opening the hissing bag. He had measured Philemon’s wingspan at nearly two yards, and while he would not be able to avoid the beats entirely, he could minimize their effect by being prone on the roof as he liberated the goose. Then, he hoped, he could see just how well geese could problem-solve, and possibly estimate the force of the wings as well.
John waited until the now well-known thoughtful expression formed on Sherlock’s face before padding softly into the clearing. His practiced pace got him to within two feet of Sherlock, whose brown study was certainly well advanced. Foolish, John thought to himself; any bear could have snuck up on him, and any person too.
Sherlock approached the bed with enthusiasm, but slowed as he got closer. John sensed his apprehension, and sat up straight.
It genuinely hurt John to see Sherlock suffer, and while laying his own hands on the man was out of the question, surely there was some other solution.
An odd look crossed Sherlock’s face. Too late, John remembered the “piss off,” and tried to catch his mistake.
The trail wound and backtracked, and John caught up with Sherlock in quite a short time. Within fifteen minutes, he heard the characteristic noise of a tall man moving through spruce woods, and so he found a convenient pile of dry bracken and secreted himself at its edge to assess the situation.
“Balance of probability, little brother,” he heard in his head, and he shooed the voice away, blocking the “Shut up, Mycroft” that rose in his throat. He watched, trying to focus on some concrete detail. The figure seemed impossibly slender. It swayed slightly.
John snapped out of it, tamped down his lust, and hurried to the edge of the pile. Extricating Sherlock was going to be problematic; the only point of non-manure covered contact was the back of his trousers, and though John’s lust was temporarily subdued, he did not see how grabbing Sherlock by that particular portion of his anatomy was going to keep it that way.
John goes back to his room for a long siesta. He feels like a very bad man when he gets off fantasizing about Guglielmo washing at the stream with the other farmhands. He knows he’s a very bad man when he thinks of creeping down to watch.
Out, and right away. Grabbing the bedframe, he pulled himself to the edge and got up, ignoring the drag of Sherlock’s hand across his arse and the small, sleepy snuffle of discontent Sherlock made at the loss of contact.
“As if you didn’t know that my moulds need to sit for at least another thirty-six hours.” Sherlock’s voice was petulant. “You are being deliberately provoking.”
"Yes, you can and will.  You will live because there is something for you to do, I think.  You have my gift--along with something I never had.  You will succeed where I failed, John.” Douglas took his son’s hand. The pride in his eyes steeled John, and he squeezed the frail hand gently.
“For God’s sake don’t wriggle,” he admonished. “If you fall sideways we’re both done for. Just let me pull you up to your knees.”
Joe Dimmock knew that, Sherlock was sure of it. The shape of the boy’s shoulders, so different from his usual quick, industrious bearing, told the full tale. He’d left his home as soon as he could, that was certain.
He tried again, and he was nearly free of his odiferous, embarrassing position when John rounded the corner of barn.
were standing in the middle of a room; I was beside you, holding someone’s hand and Mother was lying just before us in a long, black box.  And you were crying--and I couldn't think why--and I wondered why Mother looked so white and wouldn't open her eyes.  And I reached up and touched her cheek--but someone held me back and somebody in the room said, 'Poor little things!'--why things?- and I was frightened and put my face down on your shoulder."
He takes a step forwards and closes the door with his heel, and then he lets his dressing gown slide off his shoulders and to the floor behind him.
"You shouldn't be. He's dead now. I don't know why I still allow it to affect me like that. I'm an adult making his own decisions, and I'm responsible for them. I'm so sorry, Sherlock. Please forgive me for--- for implying you weren't human. It's just the same stupid shit Wilkes tried to do to you. I should be ashamed. I
They're naked, snuggled up under the duvet, with the heating on full blast, but Sherlock gets cold so easily these days.
Right now, however, Sherlock seems so eager, and John feels a tingling spark of lust ripple through his middle at the sight. It's a pleasant feeling, and he wants more of it. All that he can get. It might be the last time, after all.
"John," I say and brush his hair off his forehead with both hands. "This--- this was my first time. I've never done this before."
“You're being so good, love,” I pant, mesmerised by the sight of my fingers entering him, going deep, and I tap his hip with my free hand to get his attention. “Hand me the tin,” I say, my voice hoarse. “You're ready.”
He sucks at my tongue and groans around it, and I squeeze his buttocks in my hands and press down between them with two fingers, teasing him through his clothes.
When he's naked as well, he lies down beside John, who just keeps looking at him quietly, and because he doesn't have the words to tell him what this means to him, he simply leans in and kisses him again.
“People, John. Moriarty’s people. But don’t occupy your thoughts with them now – Mycroft took care of them.”
His fingers are rubbing the nape of John’s neck, and it’s a calming touch. John swallows and puts his palms around Sherlock’s face, the mattress dipping when his elbows dig into it to hold his weight. He knows what Sherlock means by that, and although he’s giving him a wild card, he knows that what he’s holding in his hands now is a treasure – so precious and so fragile. He’s determined not to break it.
“Oh,” he murmurs, as if waking from a pleasant dream, and helps me by opening his cuffs and then shrugging off his shirt and his waistcoat at the same time, his muscles bunching up under my palms.
"No, Rosie," he says softly. "I'm not asking for your permission. This is going to happen, no matter what you say. Do you see? Do you see why I'm not asking you for anything but to please,
him. Several times. Do you want to abort, Sherlock? We can have you out of there in a matter of days. He always declined. He knew what he was getting himself into, and he chose to do it, because it
John’s teeth are already clattering. Sherlock feels pity tug at his heart, pity and something else he doesn’t want to think about because it hurts too much.
I find it difficult to feel anything, but then I remember how this was supposed to play out - how he and Mycroft had planned to do it. I wouldn't have known. I would have seen him jump, and I would have thought it was real. I would have lost him, just like that. Who knows - we might have had a fight before that, or maybe I wouldn't have said goodbye properly when he left, and then---
listen in… well. I'm not ashamed of making you let go so beautifully. I'm rather proud, to be honest."
Throughout the cab ride, Rosie sits between John and Sherlock, bouncing and giddy with excitement. She chatters about her classmates’ parents: firemen, doctors, office workers; teachers and service industry workers and even an overseas government interpreter. Sherlock seemingly remains calm, but John reaches over anyway, taking his hand and placing both of theirs in Rosie’s lap between them. Sherlock is pulled from his thoughtful reverie, and they meet eyes over their daughter as she continues to chat. John gives him a smile of encouragement, squeezing his hand just as Rosie sets both of her hands on top of theirs, and they ride the rest of the way just like that.
He doesn't. He just keeps on pounding into her until he comes, his eyes squeezed shut, his face buried in her neck. His orgasm almost makes him pass out.
“Lift your leg,” he orders quietly, and when I do, he grabs the back of my knee to pull me against himself, front to front, my thigh sliding over his hip. “Yes, just like that…”
“He’s somewhere about.” John suddenly felt protective of Sherlock. “How are you? Heard you had a bit of trouble with your oxen.”
so much. Were John to lay hands on his body, he felt as though he would meet his crisis immediately; were he to put his own hands on his body, it would be much the same, he feared. And yet he could not. He would not cause John any further pain for this. He rolled to his back, gasping as his cock dragged against the blankets, then lay still.
“Don’t stop.” Sherlock’s voice was low and pleading, and it would have taken a more disciplined man than John Watson to refuse. Adjusting his stance, he began as gently as he could to put a regular pressure on Sherlock’s prostate, while Sherlock rocked into it.
Come and visit me on tumblr, where I’m redscudery, or Twitter, where I go by @scudery. Thanks for reading!
“You’re sure?” Sherlock looked up at John with his most beseeching gaze. It would be possible to get the babies away, he was sure, especially if John were willing to ply the his board again.
“Bloody Christ!” John roared, his desire to laugh erased. Without a word, he seized Sherlock’s arm and helped him to the cabin.
"Of course she wouldn't be sorry.  Of course she'd rather have you than all the Lestrades of any kind of a moon, with their moth-eaten traditions."
Sherlock was curled up on the settle under two blankets. His face was paler than usual under his flush, and his hands shook.
Come and visit me on tumblr, where I’m redscudery, or Twitter, where I go by @scudery. Thanks for reading!
John coated his fingers liberally with beaver grease, but Sherlock was so soft and ready that it took no time at all to open him. The most difficult aspect of the operation was holding them both steady—they were both so ready that several pauses were necessary.
Right then and there Sherlock swore that, even if they had to hire him themselves, that young Dimmock would never go back home.
Sherlock observed the knot closely: a granny knot. The simplest of knots, but eminently suitable to this purpose. The floss itself was not knotted, but sewn tightly. He frowned, then liberated the dog from the tree with careful hands.
The high, irritated chirping of a threatened squirrel echoed over the soughing of the wind in the trees. It wasn’t close enough to him to be because of his passing through.
Why had he done it? He had been cold, certainly, but the wool blankets had been sufficiently warmed by then to maintain a standard body temperature. It hadn’t been for John’s benefit, either. He had wanted it for himself. John’s presence beside him, in the brief moment of awareness, had been something he had never imagined he could want, but that he now desired above all things.
Harry baaed miserably all the way back to her goat house. John tied her up with a certain satisfaction, then, hoping to convince her that her situation was not the most dire, gave her the rind of cheese to chew. This favour caused Clara to materialize from behind the shanty, giving little bleats of the most pathetic kind. Sherlock caught her before she had quite reached John and Harry, but at John’s nod, let her tow him over to Harry and nuzzle her for her share. Harry promptly dropped the last shred of cheese; Clara picked it up, and Harry bleated in a satisfied way.
"I feel... nervous. Excited. Curious. I feel happy," he finally replied, looking at John. "I feel like we are on the verge of cementing our pair bond."
The next morning, his head was pounding, and he felt a wave of shame and anger. He could not show this weakness to anyone else, least of all to the brother of the man who held his livelihood in the balance. He would suffocate and die if he had to leave the woods and become a doctor in a small Canadian town--were he even able to buy a practice. He had to discharge this distasteful treatment—to give up one summer to preserve his home.
Eva was there that night, and though the Widow Turner sniffed at her she didn’t shoo her out. John fed her bits of soggy toast and underdone egg whenever she patted his leg with an almost human touch, her stripey face reproachful if he neglected her. She was an unbeautiful little thing, skinny and with crooked whiskers, but John loved her. She was a redoubtable
“Sho—Sherlock.” John pulled his hand back under the covers. His pulse still beat erratically. He shook his head.
Come and visit me on tumblr, where I’m redscudery, or Twitter, where I go by @scudery. Thanks for reading!
They sat for several agonized minutes, waiting for the smell to get stronger or for the animal to burst from the trees, but nothing happened. Instead, the woods got quieter and quieter. Even the usually garrulous chickadees stopped “chee-chee”ing amongst themselves. John pressed his lips together; Sherlock became so still as to seem almost inhuman.  The woods were waiting for something.
John had to laugh, but at the same time he cursed a world in which such a man was so unfamiliar with his own self.
The rejected chapter title for this chapter is “Sherlock Is Bad at Riding. Also, Grouse Are Sneaky”.
The breathing control must have worked because in time, John slept. He must have; the fire was much lower the next time he opened his eyes. Sherlock had moved, too; he was on his back now, with only one leg thrown over John’s still. The wind whistled around the cabin.
“About that. It’s the rain that worries me, though. It’ll likely soak us, and I don’t want to risk another sprained ankle for you.”
“John!” Uncle Gregory said gruffly, after it had become clear that John wasn’t going to move. “Bedtime.”
Sherlock wasn't a patient. He didn't need treatment. He needed friendship. Love. And so did John. They were equals, here and now and always, and they would remain so. And equals could engage in mutually beneficial interactions—sexual and otherwise. John squared his shoulders, picked up his buckets, and consigned that imp to the depths of the manure pile.
Images of Sherlock flashed before his eyes: Sherlock arriving, his hair in disarray; Sherlock's long spare body in the sun, bare chest glistening with icy lake water; Sherlock huddled next to him, erection nestled against John's arse.
“I was thinking of something else,” he said, glad the fire was already flushing his face, “but since I heard a squirrel not five minutes earlier, I would have heard something like an axe.”
He finds a cheap pension somewhere in the south, on a farm. He sits, morosely, in his linen suit, with his bare ankles, growing a beard. His landlady thinks he's very elegant. He thinks he's a bum.
That night, they gathered bread, cheese, a knife, a bottle of port, and matches, and traipsed down to the south field. The sky was beginning to turn a pale orange, and the air was clear. A few mosquitoes rose up around them, but they were slow and stupid. The heat had subsided; there was no wind.
"Best not, thanks." He did want to buy a bottle, but even though Mycroft Holmes' money sat heavy in his pocket, he refused. The whiskey had become too much of a mainstay, perhaps, in the cold winter, and now, with an uninvited guest coming, he could not afford to have his judgement clouded. Instead, he selected the items from his list: flour, sugar, tea and side of bacon. On reflection, he added a barrel of dried apples, since his were long finished. Then, well provisioned but in a terrible temper, he set out.
When he broke the surface, however, he was just Sherlock, again, splashing and shaking his head with vigour.
It had been a dull, cold day in early May, threatening to rain but never raining.  Father had lain on the sitting-room lounge all day. He had coughed a good deal and he had not talked much to John, which was a very unusual thing for him.  Most of the time he lay with his hands clasped under his head and his large, sunken, dark-blue eyes fixed dreamily and unseeingly on the cloudy sky. John wondered what Father was thinking of. He had not been able to walk, and didn’t come in to dinner, sending John in to eat both shares.
Molly’s own small, piquant face relaxed—wary of men, and not just because of the constant resistance to her study of medicine. She was relieved that nobody so far had seen her as a woman worthy of interest. Understandable, if curious.
“There are some visitors to whom it is utterly impossible to be ‘out’ unless one is on the other side of the earth, or under it.”
"Indeed. As in cricket." Probably the sum total of my remaining knowledge on the subject. I had certainly taken great care to forget all the rules, in most cases before I had learned them. "A game not notably played by shop-girls."
"She...she did not know. My…affliction, I could not tell her and I never thought I should have to, for I could touch her hair and all would be well. It looked so perfect, so natural, so in keeping with her colouring. Emerald eyes and amber hair: my beautiful jewel. Only on the night of our wedding did she dare to expose her secret, and once I knew it, all was lost. For her sake, I tried. Many times I tried and failed. I went to doctors – a wretched humiliation to be poked and prodded and condescended to by normal men and told that I should just pull myself together. Day by day, the light in her eyes stopped being for me but was busy searching the heads of other women, looking for artifice, envying them that all they needed was to supplement nature when she had to overcome it entirely. Soft words turned to bitter railing at fate for bringing together two people so ill-matched."
He adopted a crestfallen expression even more theatrical than his disguise and put a gravy-browned finger to his lips.
“Lumber room,” he announced at last and raced up the stairs to the second floor. I keep the key, by arrangement with Mrs Hudson to help stem the torrent of objects that would otherwise pass through its door, so I was obliged to follow him at a statelier pace, my legs being shorter and not so perfect in their willowy flex and wiry strength. He has a particular trick with his thighs…
Yet I knew the meaning of his glance, of the beckoning hand bringing me to his side. I knew he wanted those soft passions, wanted his judgement to be overturned – for who would dare, in this England of ours, to act as he did if his judgement were sound?
“Alas, it was not some mere, underemployed hack. Doctor Timothy Foote, recently elevated to Headmaster of Fitton College, ultimate resort of the titled and moneyed who wish to be relieved of the daily company of their children. I believe you know him.”
"Portmore, sir. I… doubt you'd know him." Which was shorthand for the plain reality that the old guard with whom I had tussled so often – Lestrade, Bradstreet, even Hopkins the rising star, who had been injured in the line of duty and forced to give it up – were going or gone. All my cases lately were private clients.
She nodded, moving to the window to look out with him over her inheritance. As I joined them, I saw that someone was working in the distance outside - a slight figure wrapped in a hooded cloak, seated on a low stool on the lawn and digging with a long trowel in the soil of one of the flowerbeds.
He apparently meant it as a genuine compliment, not the whimsical, backhanded jibe I might, in London, have taken it to be. Whimsy is all very well as the atmosphere for a light opera: in real life, it is apt to pluck on the nerves.
I let my face reprove him in place of strong words. Words bounced off him as raindrops on a pavement when he was like this – wanting aid but too proud to ask except with a barb on the hook. I have often used the sitting room as a makeshift surgery. Mrs Hudson, with that unfailing instinct for our needs which made her the queen of landladies, had already had the little maid Betty build and light a fire ready for our return and hang our dressing gowns on an airer before it.
, damn you, and I’m a fool, and a coward, and I couldn’t say it, could barely think it - what I am, what I want, and now I find perhaps it was there all along if only I had reached out and taken it, only said something, and now I come to it, why in all the world didn’t YOU? You with your plain speaking and facts are facts and I know everything about everyone before they open their mouth.”
I wondered, too, why Holmes apparently could not leave the topic alone. Every time a case, a half-column in the court reports, or another article in the dailies fulminating against oddly unspecified ‘social evils’, which always seemed to involve well-dressed young men, the streets around Charing Cross and carnation buttonholes, brought it up, he would expound on the necessity of naming names and stating plain facts, if society were truly serious about stamping “it” out. I kept a tactful silence.
you…" John stammers, and Sherlock has no idea what he is on about, but when he continues to speak, it dawns on him.
. He’s hesitant to put a label to it, but he strongly assumes that his friend is located somewhere on the autistic spectrum, so engaging in human interaction of this scale must be hard, nearly unbearable for him. He can tell Sherlock wants to experience everything he’s fantasised about, but he’s never been out of his depths to this extent before, at least not in his company. He wants to make him let go of his fears and just go with it.
“Okay,” she says and sniffs. “I’ll leave you alone to, erm---” Her voice breaks, and I feel like an arsehole for putting her through this. “You know,” she finishes a bit lamely.
in love, and it's all too much. He doesn't know what to say, now that they've brought it all out into the open. He feels strangely empty, but it's not uncomfortable. Maybe it's what he needed – to let it all flow out of him, to cleanse himself from what he didn't want to think about, but what kept on poisoning him with every breath he took. He's tired, and he'd give everything to just hide in a dark, warm place now, with John, and hold him forever.
“Are you in pain?” John asks tenderly. "We can stop." And that would be okay. Some nights it just doesn’t work out; it has happened to them before. He couldn’t bear hurting him.
"They have repaid me many times over with their care of my costumes, my disguises and secrets. Think of it as the Baker Street Irregulars Annuity Friendly Society."
It was not a case, not a newspaper article, not even the celebrated trials of a celebrated Irish playwright and wit that did it: that undid me and him, in the end.
Money remained the great obstacle. What capital our father had left us I had mined nearly to bedrock to pay for my studies and my brother had drunk or squandered his share. I determined to take a chance on the newfound Kimberley fields, laying out all my savings, even borrowing a little here and there. Knowing nothing I had to trust much and when there is profit to be made, sharks lie in wait for the unwary.
I began to wonder if I’d been forgotten in the thrill of the chase, and my temper grew as thin as a farthing. When the message finally came, I snatched it from the butcher’s boy with a growl, and had to make it up to him with a good tip or he might have burst into tears.
“Oh, this one is of impeccable character – bar a slight weakness for the turf, a regrettable tendency to highly-coloured, fictionalised
had taken a hearty kick at it wearing heavy boots.  The same boots, I should say, as the ones completing your boiler-maker’s disguise. The same disguise that failed to net you the Cricklewood gang. I have staff to think of, Mr Holmes. Betty threatened to give in her notice again yesterday, and she’s a good girl whom I shouldn’t care to lose.”
"We should visit all five and interview them to see if there are connections we have not yet understood; begin to look beyond the obvious," suggested Watson, with the air of a horse pawing at the starting gate. Those who have said to him – and, one or two of the braver sort, to me - that I use him shamelessly to publicise my exploits and as a mere catcher to my acrobatic flights, do him more injustice than they do myself. He is as eager to follow me as ducklings to drop into a pond. But I preferred to keep our feet dry for a little longer.
It was not, in the event, a good afternoon. I spent it in my laboratory, amid the consolations of hard science, of immutable chemical reactions which remained the same so long as I administered the same tests, which did not, could not, ‘speak’ to me nor hear. I told myself that the old man’s brains were addled by superstition and wishful thinking. It needed no secret communication for him to know that if Watson had ever been here, I would have taken him to see my hives. He could not know how seldom the doctor had visited, true: but I already had such a reputation in the district for shunning society and refusing overtures of friendship that any charlatan ‘medium’ might have read it the same way.
It is true that he was like a terrier with a rat on any number of other questions as well. The danger of allowing emotional attachments to cloud one’s judgement; the impenetrability of women; the blindness of the Metropolitan Police to crime unless it took place in the street under the very nose of a strolling constable: I should never had needed my cheque book locked away had I been able to lay a bet on the odds of at least one of them coming up in any given week.
"Then it must be a case! The letter this morning. You, checking your changing rooms. I am certain that is what those huts and corners and cellars in all corners of the capital must be. Ready for whatever disguise you may need."
Everyone knew where to find Mr Sherlock Holmes. I should lay short odds, nevertheless, that at that particular hour, on that particular day, they might have been surprised to find
There. Those are words enough on the subject, John Watson. Words to condemn you and him together. Hide them; better still, strike them out altogether. Cut out your heart. Tell instead what happened next at Arlesey, in the County of Bedfordshire.
“Because I seek justice – true justice, not a mere legal sop. The difficulty, Mr Holmes, is that for my sister and I, 'justice' is not so easily won. You are a man with a reputation for putting justice on at least an equal footing with the law, for not believing with Thrasymachus that it is only a matter of the strong imposing on the weak. Also,” - and here the briefest smile touched her lips – “because I have read that you once said ‘I cannot make bricks without clay’, and it is clay that, if I may be permitted a pun, lies at the bottom of it and bricks, not matrimony, that they want.”
Whimsy after all, then. “I am aware of the controversy, Rector. I choose to proceed in the manner of a scientist – two with an excluder, two as control. Once I have results suggestive enough of a conclusion, I will convert all to one system.”
"You are well known to be a bachelor, Mr Holmes – to whom the fair sex is as alien as a fire-worshipping Parsee."
“It was folded last time, as you well know. It may indeed be folded now, but it’s of no use to me if I cannot lay my own fingers upon it. Come on, I daresay there is a spare chair at your barber’s.”
help, Holmes?” I was trying to be chivalrous to the lady but only succeeded in drawing a sardonic expression out of my friend.
"There is one fact the police do not know concerning these crimes, Mr Holmes, and would not properly understand if they did. It is important that you do, if you wish to help us."
The bees’ soft humming rose to a pitch like a hanging note before a coda, inviting me to contribute my part in the arrangement. I sat cross-legged on the grass and tucked the blanket under me. This must take some time to do properly, as it must if I am fool enough to do it at all. Where to begin?
We took the stairs two at a time, hand in hand and glancing about like furtive schoolboys, though all the house was long gone to bed.
She spotted Watson unsuccessfully hiding an attempt to guess if this was presently true of herself and shook her head.
For a moment my heart sank. It was only to confirm some pet theory of his, then. At least I was still needed, still wanted for that. Ah, well.
"Holmes?" He had seen my expression – unguarded, as I so seldom allowed it to be, and he was wary as a stag in August.
He nodded, leaning forward and urging me onward with elegant sweeps of his hand and a pin-sharp intensity in his eyes.
One must, I supposed, humour the eccentric, especially if he is your neighbour and a possible source of expertise in a field in which one is a novice.
He grasped my hand, and the press of his long fingers, twining in mine the way I longed for the rest of him to twine about the rest of me, set my pulses jumping. He smiled up at me, a black fox’s smile, sly and bold all at once.
The client duly informed, Holmes’ work was done. Play could commence. I drew the blinds down on the darkening street and stripped off my own clothes. He was clean, scrubbed in our newly-installed bathroom to a pink flush over his natural pallor. I was only clean-ish, but he never minded that. His first act when I rolled against him under the sheets was always to hook his beaky nose in the crook of my good shoulder and breathe in on a shiver and out on a sigh, savouring the smell of bare skin and analysing all the little signs of my day and doings.
“Watson, you wound me. Oh, ye of little faith. It is, nevertheless, an odd fancy in the circumstances. May one enquire as to her reasons? I hope your engaging me has not caused a rift or a quarrel between the two of you.”
I kissed him there instead, and he gasped as hard as if I had cut him indeed, as if the possibility had shouted to him too and he was waiting to see if I heeded it. I meant to cast the thing aside then, but he reached out behind his back, blind and trusting, to grab my wrist and stop me.
Brace was too mired in his own misery to catch the slip, but I did. There was nothing to be done that instant however, except to ask what was to be done? Brace had begged his wife to go no further, not to blame others for their misfortune even if it proved impossible to mend it. Yet he was afraid it would not be enough.
One must humour the eccentric - up to a point. The completely deluded is another matter altogether. A dozen cutting ripostes leapt to mind, but the only word that escaped my lips was a dry:
"I should not like to be premature, nor to presume upon your territory, doctor. Yet is it not the case that man's most animal instincts may turn aside into the narrowest byways? I believe there is such a thing as a preference for certain body parts so strong as to render a man incapable if he cannot make them his fixation. Body parts such as the foot, or the nape of the neck. Or the hair."
“Ladies and gentlemen. Due to the less-than-perfect weather conditions, we’re experiencing some rough air at the moment,” the Captain’s voice comes through the speakers. “Please remain in your seats and keep your seat belts fastened at all times. I apologise for the inconvenience.”
He obeys, and I can hear his breath come even more quickly than before. I hold him in place with both hands and lean in to nip his thigh, scrape my teeth across his alabaster skin and drag my tongue along the cleft of his arse, and he whines and puts his hands over mine, helping me to spread him open for my kiss.
taste wonderful) and also tested it in various other places (he tastes just as good everywhere else), and Sherlock has returned the favour, surprising John by making use of the "Anything goes" rule right away ("
It feels better than anything has ever felt before, which John knows should worry him for so many reasons, but it doesn’t – he’s just
," Sherlock chants lowly and tightens his grip around himself, a shuddering wave running through him that John can feel deep down in his bones.
“John.” He seems to be sensing my distress and lowers his voice to a calming murmur. “Get comfortable. Tell me what you were doing when Mycroft called you.”
He looks so devastated, and I realise that suffering physical pain was not the deciding factor in his trauma, and maybe even didn’t play a role in it at all. I was completely wrong.
Sherlock blushed. John found him incredibly handsome with that translucent pink hue creeping along his cheekbones and up to his temples, even more handsome than usual, which said a lot, because they'd been only together for a few months then and in that early phase, almost everything Sherlock did was endearing and fascinating and beautiful to John. Rosie frowned at her father, apparently upset with him for being so dense.
My heart is pounding, and I feel myself losing control. I don’t understand what’s going on, but I sense that it’s something terrible. I’m hurt by his distrust, and I’m scared.
deal with it the only way I know how. If it happens at night, I take my time doing it, getting naked under my covers and drawing it out until I'm drenched in sweat and out of my mind with lust. If it happens during the day, I take care of it quickly and efficiently, using any available bathroom whatsoever, resorting to my mind palace to evoke my favourite images of him to help proceedings along. In my head, it's not a battered ceramic sink I'm spilling myself into, or my own cupped hand. It's his sweet mouth, or sometimes his tight, muscular body, writhing beneath me while he smiles and breathes my name and bathes me in his own release.
There’s a bit of a commotion right behind the door, and then Sherlock opens it with his usual careless flourish.
They've said goodbye to Molly and Greg – they don't have many friends, at least not many they'd want to tell about what they are going to do.
She smiles, and it looks kind and slightly mischievous, and very sweet. It makes me feel all warm inside. Careful now.
He raises his head at that and looks at me, rolling onto his side with a graceful motion to prop his chin against my chest.
They kiss. When John moves his leg to roll over and get closer to his lover, he notices that a hot, very obvious erection is in the way.
They continue to kiss, and the longer it lasts, the more Sherlock relaxes into it, pulling John on top of himself and fitting himself against his body without leaving an inch of space between them. John is surprised at how good a kisser he is, given that he hasn't had a lot of practice, but then again, this is
Suddenly, a familiar silhouette appears in the doorframe, and then John is there and sits down next to him, clad in his pyjamas. He puts his arms around the two of them, and Sherlock closes his eyes and leans against his solid, compact body and cries silently until his chest doesn't ache anymore.
“Gorgeous,” he says as he pops open the first button of Sherlock’s shirt, the purple fabric making a whispering sound as it slides against his fingers. “My sweet, lovely man.” Another button, and another one. Sherlock’s chest rises and falls beneath his hands, warm and alive and
He bends down to run his tongue along my neck and up to the sensitive spot behind my ear, giving me goose-flesh all over, and then he slowly,
"Somebody's in there," Sherlock mouths and points at the door to their right, which is slightly ajar. "I'll go in. You cover me from outside and keep them from getting away."
He's sure John doesn't want to smell like he does right now when he goes back out there into the real world, but John shakes his head and sits up.
"All of it?" Sherlock asks flatly, very obviously fighting to make himself sound indifferent, his frantic pulse fluttering against John's lips the only thing betraying the fact that he's immensely upset. (
, but alas, now's not the time. John is right – this needs to be enjoyed slowly. He decides to take the humorous route.
I am amazed by his openness, but try not to let it show. Somehow, I am scared he will withdraw from me again if I voice my delight. He is, apparently, not the only one who needs some more time to get used to our new living arrangements.
Sherlock's full bladder woke him from a light, restless slumber ten minutes ago, and he can feel John's presence in the room with him. He keeps his eyes shut, though, because it's such a relief not to be forced to act his part.
They look at each other for a moment, completely motionless. Then Lily huffs out a short, sympathetic laugh.
"Well, sorry," he apologises. "I know you meant it as a compliment. But… who would ever want to be with me like that, John? People
I need some room to rest my leg, and I want our position to be as close to my fantasy as possible, so I wait for him to comply and then settle between his thighs, gazing up at him. I can smell his need amidst the unique musky scent I have already come to associate with him, and my mind goes numb. It all narrows down to the man spread out before me in invitation and surrender, and nothing else in this whole wide universe is important anymore.
"We wouldn't have Rosie if things had gone differently," Sherlock points out. "I think it was supposed to be like this."
Sherlock replaces his fingers with the head of his cock and pushes forwards, only a little, his thumb guiding the way, and John whimpers and holds his breath, all his muscles tensing up at once.
“You need him for something, don’t you? Something you can’t do on your own. And there I was, for a moment really considering that you actually cared. How stupid of me.”
He opens his eyes and glances up. Sherlock looks wrecked and lovely and like a completely new person.
“That’s my Papa,” Rosie announces proudly. “Sherlock Holmes.” She looks up at Sherlock with the biggest smile on her face, giving him a giant thumbs-up. Sherlock grins at her, flashing a thumbs-up back, and with that, he seems to relax again.
But there are no words of apology right now. There's only a black void of guilt, filling him, seeping from his intestines into his limbs, his head, like tar, choking him, enveloping his heart and bearing down on it until it hurts.
John loves giving head. He has always loved doing it, but especially since his body has started to betray him more often than not when it comes to getting it up he's been enjoying the possibilities of making it worthwhile for Sherlock without his own penis being required to join the proceedings.
