"I want to commission you," Tony said and looked up from his phone. She blinked at the sudden shift. "I want you to make me some sculptures, out of various stone and glass."
"But most of this is self-taught?" Rachel asked and Steve nodded.
He sat down on the edge of the chair by the bed, and took the sling off from around his neck, the strap starting to rub at the skin. He flexed his fingers a little and held up his bandaged wrist. "Your wonder boy did this, by the way," Tony said softly. Tony took a breath. "I could really use you right now, Mary," he whispered. He rested his arms on his knees, looking down. "I don't know what to do. You've always been the better parent, and all I seemed to do was bring more trouble." Tony felt a tingle behind his eyes, and tried to push it back. "And I shouldn't even be the one sitting here. Agent should be here, doing this, talking to you, nursing you back to health. He would know what to do. I approved, by the way, of you and him. Wish I would have told him."
"Didn't think that you did."
"Obviously you steal one, like me," Wade said.
"I bet we could work out-" Tony gasped as the man fired his gun, the bullet finding purchase in his upper arm. The force pushed him back, throwing off his balance, falling back and landing on his side.
It took several minutes, but Tony was able to pull himself together enough, and leaned away from Steve's arm, but slid one hand into the bigger one. Bruce was watching them, now with curiosity. “When did this happen?”
Construction on Tony’s, and now Steve’s, Penthouse had started when they left for California. Since getting back they had temporarily relocated down to Steve’s former floor, that seemed to be becoming Sam Wilson’s floor when he was in town. The floor just above Tony’s workshop was also being worked on, but Tony was hoping to keep that secret from Steve at the moment. He was turning it in the Studio that he had mentioned to Steve a month ago. Construction in the Penthouse was coming to an end though, just finishing touches on the floors and coats of paint were going up. Steve had insisted that they go out to some furniture stores in the next couple days, because he refused to all the shopping online, much to Tony’s chagrin.
“Captain Rogers is upstairs in his office,” Jarvis informed him. “Shall I inform that you plan to leave?”
“You know he totally likes her now,” Tony said, looking at the ceiling, putting his hands behind his head. “Maybe not completely, but he doesn’t scorn her anymore.”
"Not close enough," Tony said with a tight jaw.
"Right, well, I've got to go check on our resident emo god downstairs." Steve frowned at Tony's words, and Tony realized that Steve didn't know what had happened last night. "I'll fill you in when I'm done, and you can go work out, take a run, make a crap load of breakfast food, whatever it is that super soldiers do." Tony gave a two fingered salute and headed for the door quickly.
It wasn't until the back of the quinjet was up, and they were in the air, did the little girl tucked in Tony's arms started making noise. She had started to wiggled, unhappy sounds coming from her mouth, arms pushing up. Tony tried to sooth her, but he was kind of out of his league on how to deal with an unhappy baby. Tony was still arc reactor free, and a relative asshole, when Peter was this age, and he only saw him a few times a month.
"You're not going alone." Steve grabbed his shoulder and Tony turned, slapping his hand away.
"I think you predicted this, actually," Steve told him, smiling a bit.
"You're biased," Tony commented, turning the phone so that he could use both hands to tap something out. "I like when you're biased, means I get permission to spend this money." Steve hummed a little and continued watching the phone. "What do you think about Philadelphia? Well, just outside the city, too busy in the thick of it all."
"He looks more Mary," Tony countered. "And he needs a haircut, it's starting to get shaggy, and no son of mine will start to look like a hippie."
Tony jerked, but both he and Loki blinked when nothing happened. Loki's narrowed his eyes at him, then tried again, trying to take control of Tony. "Your heart-"
"That's your first thought? That I'm carrying patriotic babies?" Meg said, watching them. Tony looked back at her. "I'm having twins, hence the plural. I was his wingman while he was still pining after you."
He took a breath, rolled onto his back, then let out a sigh. Sleep wasn't going to come to him. He opened his eyes and let out a gasp. Obadiah was standing above him, a grim smile on his face, eyes sunken in, his face gaunt. His skeletal hand reached out, coming down over his arc reactor. Tony's hand shot out, grabbing his wrist to stop him and let out a shot of surprise when he looked at the hand. It was grey and strong, with one too many fingers, and when he looked back up he saw a bloody mouth behind a golden mask with a dark hood over eyes.
Tony chuckled a little. "You okay?" He looked around the gardens that they had fallen into, waiting for the rest of the drone to drop in.
"I was searching for the perfect recipe," Tony admitted quietly. "Saturdays are pancakes days."
"-that's gong to make everyone happy." Tony walked over to one of the cases, pressed his hand to the glass, and Rhodey heard the hiss of something unsealing. The glass in front of Tony's Mark II started to rise up. "I introduce to you, the Mark II."
When Tony saw the jet, he sat up a little more. He hadn't listened to anything Pepper had said, knowing that he had probably head it all before from her through their years. As soon as Happy pulled up, Tony was practically flying out the door. "Sounds, great, Pep." Tony said. "Don't do it again, stop putting yourself in danger, the usual." His voice faded off as he went for the stairs of the jet, pulling himself inside.
Spouse: Etta Rosenfeld (nee Mueller)
"You gonna stop me?" Tony turned partially.
“It’s been a while since I’ve seen such an easy smile on your face,” Pepper said warmly. “It looks good on you.”
Tony was pretty sure he knew what the problem was, and leaned in and expertly removed Peter from her arms, letting her relax, and held his son to his own chest, arms around him. Peter made soft noise, rolling a bit as he was moved, but when his hand settled on Tony's chest and his reactor, he calmed down and fell right back into a deep sleep.
” They were calling out to him, that much he knew. What was he supposed to focus on? All he knew was pain, what else could he possibly focus on?
“In case some actually handling needs to be done?” Tony asked and Bucky nodded. Tony hummed in thought, and Meg looks like she might be sick as the pieces started to click together. “That’s enough time to sneak some subliminal messages in. And probably a lot harder to openly work with Hydra in the US-“
"No," Tony answered, staring at Mary's bed. He'd rather be having this conversation with her.
"I can't imagine why he would stop responding to you after that." Bruce gave Tony a deadpanned expression.
Steve reached over and pushed the bag back, grabbing two of them and holding them above Peter's head. The little boy tilted his head back and opened his mouth. Steve dropped them in on his tongue, making sure they didn't slide back in his throat. "Miss Meg is coming up with the twins, and my friend Bucky is coming with her."
"I'm not an Agent all the time," Coulson told him, a little smirk on his lips.
As far as birthday parties with a dozen kids in attendance went, this one hadn't created as much damage as Tony had thought. Wade was of course glued to Peter's side throughout the party, and then their friends from school were laughing and screaming as they played in the bouncy house and the pool. Tony had hired two professional lifeguards for the pool room, and all the parents who came, (and were invited to stay as well), were delighted to see that. Mary had mentioned that some of the parents had been reluctant to let their children come, knowing that Tony had a penchant for trouble, and that the Avengers would be there. Some parents hadn't let their kids come, but there were at least kind enough to come up with a reason why that wouldn't hurt Peter's feelings.
"Maybe we can actually get somewhere," Steve stated and pulled out some mouthwash.
"What about putting him in a wheelchair?" Steve asked.
“Did you just ‘Language’ me?” He smirked, and leaned his elbow on the table, about to put his chin on his fist, but Steve pushed his elbow off the table. “And you got my elbows off the table!”
“You make it sound like that’s all I watch.” Steve moved his leg over to push at Tony’s. “I’m just trying to get a handle on all the stuff that’s made today.”
"What does this Wilson look like?" Bucky asked and a holographic screen was projected a few feet away. He took a step backwards, the only sign that it might have caught him off guard, studied the picture.
Tony watched him for a minute, the blue eyes moving every so often, noting every movement in the diner. He shifted a bit, his eyes glancing over towards the bathrooms more often than not. Bucky hadn't wanted Steve to see him. Tony could work with this.
He pointed a finger at her. "You're getting good." She smiled innocently at him. "You're trying to get me to talk."
“Strain on your eyes will make that headache worse.” Steve put the tray down on the end of the bed, hands on his hips. “You already pushed it by using the suit.”
"He said it's his specialty," Steve said, setting the plates down on the counter.
"Uh, yeah, hey, sorry." Tony quickly pulled the bag back up, but not picking it up. "Um, the new punching bags are done, and I thought I would put them up, and I didn't think that you would be here."
"Stick to the plan!" Tony yelled. He would get Yinsen out of this alive, he would do it. He would repay this man for keeping him alive, for giving him a chance to get back to his son, to change his life. "Stick to the plan!" Yinsen ran off, grabbing a gun, shooting off into the hallway. "Yinsen!" He was breathing heavily and looked back to the progress bar, willing it to finish faster.
"Why are you here again?" Tony stopped and looked over at Rhodey.
"You think that she's going to mature faster than other babies?" Tony asked as he leaned forward and placed on finger under Jamie's chin. She watched him again. "Because of the serum?"
"Patch her in, immediately."
He was convinced that Meg was being secretly trained by her Aunt, and that she wasn’t actually active Hydra. Tony had read through the files, the few that he had been able to dig out, and they had lots of suspected interest, but the death of Jacob and Etta had thrown their plans into chaos. Since she was a low level interest at the time, they hadn’t really ironed out anything concrete. It wasn’t until Hilda had started sending in reports, showing how naturally her niece had taken to her many ‘self-defense’ classes so easily, that some of the higher ups had started taking notice. Then they sent in Emil to seal the deal, bring her into Hydra, and take her under his wing to train.
, in animal form.”
Tony scratched the back of his head, and both women turned to look at him. "He's not mad at me.... Or rather, he is, but I wasn't the target." Mary's eyes widened a little, and the card game was forgotten. "Colonel Wilson hired someone to try and take out Julie, and possibly Wade. He thinks that Julie's taking away his parental rights so I can move in on his territory. He's lost his mind."
"We've always had it," Strucker told him. "Read it." He turned and left the room, Wanda trailing after him. Tony glared at them, but looked back down at the journal. He slowly turned the pages, eyes skimming over equations, and inventions, weapons that had eventually been produced by Stark Industries.
“It’s Disney, everything is overpriced.” Tony snorted and nodded. “Go on, have fun, have a good birthday. And relax, Tony. You’ve earned it.” She kissed his cheek and Tony gave her a small smile.
Peter turned his head back around and looked up at Tony. "I'll help if you can talk Wade's Mom to moving in here." Both Peter and Wade crossed their arms over their chests, as if they were making a final offer to a deal. Jamie was reaching her arms a little, then bringing them in to her chest, almost as if she wanted to mimic the movement.
Jarvis lowered the lights a little, and everyone looked over to the lights of the cake now. Jamie gasped softly when she saw her Daddy and Papa, then the candles. Mary got the singing started, and Jamie was clapping when she realized that everyone was singing to her. Bucky held onto her with a smile, lifting her up a little when Steve reached them. He got down to one knee and smiled at her.
Mary gave him the stern mothering look, and Tony almost wilted under it, until she had given in. "He's upstairs, being entertained by Jarvis right now."
"I felt it, Steve," he said with as much seriousness as he could muster in his sleep-ridden state. "I actually felt it pulse. It was weird." Steve couldn't help but frown a little, but then Tony's breathing evened out as he fall asleep, curling around Steve's arm, before sleepily whispering- "Who'm I gonna watch Buffy with?" Steve snorted into Tony's hair softly and closed his eyes.
“Pep, you’re an angel.” He grabbed the extra mug and went to follow Vee.
“Welp,” Tony popped the last letter of the word, drawing Jamie’s attention briefly. “My contacts are no longer good, as in, I need a different script. Somehow, Steve has never seen me actually putting in my contacts-“
There was a light knock on the door and both of the rooms occupants looked over to see Coulson standing there, holding onto a file. “Captain, good to have you back.”
"I sometimes have my hands full with Barton and Romanoff," Coulson said shrugging. "You have a young child, so you have patience, and you can handle Stark-" Mary snorted loudly, "-so you have the gumption, too. And, it's an added bonus."
“Barely,” Steve told him quietly. He surveyed the perimeter of the community, and found that his best bet would be to jump the wall into the backyard of the furthest house from the guard house.
“Ouch,” Steve put on a little pout. “Not even the first name. I’m hurt, baby.”
Tony and Mary walked off the elevator, Peter’s presents in hand, and headed for his bedroom. Mary and Coulson had blessedly decided to chaperone the slumber party that was happening, but they had decided it would be a good idea to move most of the presents up to Peter’s bedroom upstairs. Tony slowed a little as they approached the living room, then took a step in front of Mary.
"You didn't answer my question," Wade said patiently, eyes sparkling with amusement.
"Jarvis," Tony said, a little smirk on his face. "Sometimes you gotta run before you can walk." He felt the power running to the boots, the flight stabilizers coming online, using the interface to start the maiden flight of Mark II. With less explosions this time. "Ready? In three, two, one!" He jumped up, letting the repulsors take over, speeding him out. He winced when he scraped against the side of the garage tunnel, but couldn't help but whoop as he hit open air.
Bucky hadn’t said much during dinner, but Peter made up for that easily. In a twist that neither Tony nor Steve saw, a lot of Peter’s talking and questions were directed at Bucky himself. Tony was sure to keep an eye on Peter’s chocolate chip cookie consumption, not wanting him to have a sugar rush that would keep him up all night.
"We did it, we won." He looked at Tony, a little smiled. Tony let out a breath, looking visibly relieved. Then Steve punched his armored arm and Tony looked at him with wide, surprised eyes. "Don't tell me to take care of him again!"
"When did you start that training? After Iron Man?" Steve moved so that they were facing each other now.
“You make it sound so horrible,” Bucky almost whined.
"Yeah!" Peter smiled, still in Mary's lap. "This one is bigger, and should last for loooooong time."
' for probably four months after it had come out, wanting to watch it all the time. Steve was pretty sure he had the whole thing memorized, along with songs, with how many times Peter had watched it. He remembered this part of the song because Peter had announced that his Daddy had an island, and Steve thought of Tony every time he heard the song now. Had the movie come out before Steve had figured out who Peter's Dad was, claiming to own an island would have raised an eyebrow, now it wasn't much of a shock.
"Steve still telling his stories?" He asked his fiancé, putting his arm around her shoulders.
"She showed me some ideas she drew for sculptures," Peter told him. "She said I could watch her work on it, when she started."
Tony hummed. "No, they just don't always do things the right way, and so they make people upset. Like me. And other people. This will make more sense when you're older." Tony stopped by the bedroom door, opening it slowly. "Okay, I need your expert opinion on this one Petey." As the door opened, Tony peeked around, just to see what was going on in the room, and saw that Phil was already sitting up in the bed, awake.
Tony looked down the hall and saw Steve, raising an eyebrow as he walked towards him. "Don't you look fancy, Captain."
“Then we should make it clear that it’s dangerous, and lots of people get hurt trying to do something crazy,” Steve argued back. “Wade just turned ten and Peter is barely eight yet. They’re young, and small-“
"To be fair, not many can say no to him," Phil corrected.
"We got this," Steve said, adding a little bit of modern slang into his accent, and Mary raised an amused eyebrow before leave the apartment. He heard her lock the door from the outside, and he turned back to his laptop, watching Peter out of the corner of his eyes do his homework.
"No, you've got Agent for that." Tony turned his head to look at Mary. "Is everything alright? Do you need me to take Peter to school?"
I was still working a lot, my job actually ends on X-Mas eve, but just as everything started to slow down we had a pretty major thing happen. I got my keyboard to work so that wasn't stopping me anymore. I had to take my mom into the Emergency Room a few weeks ago and she ended up having a really bad infection that started in her foot. We didn't know about it, or how long it had been there, and it became life threatening.
Steve was buckling in and Tony turned to check on the kids, making sure that Peter and Wade had properly buckled themselves in. He went to reach for his own seat belt as he turned around, then frowned when something caught his attention in the side mirror. A horrid yellow suit, and something pointed at their car. “Steve!” Tony shouted, turning to lunge for the backseat. “AIM!” The back of the SUV lifted up as a sonic blast hit the back tires, throwing Tony back and out his seat, colliding with the windshield. He groaned when the airbags were triggered, the one in the passenger side exploding to life against his back and pushing his head up into the already cracked glass. His glasses cracked and shifted further up, a piece of lens scraping along his forehead for a second before he moved. He felt himself tugged out, collapsing against the seat as the bags deflated.
“He isn’t. I mean, I don’t think he is anymore. There hasn’t been any sign of him. Nothing. I’m pretty sure he’s given up.”
“What did you do?” Peter sniffs and peers up at his father with tear-filled eyes.
“You have fun?” Steve asks.
Tony sighs and lays his utensils down. “Honey, I’m so sorry. I tried to get home sooner and then your brother met me-”
“So Pete as the ring bearer, huh?” Tony says and he continues to form the dough. “What about Harley and James?”
“Are we all done here?” Tony asks and adjusts Sarah on his hip, “everyone’s good?”
“A letter,” Sam says again before shoveling a fork full of eggs into his mouth. Steve can’t help but grimace at the way his friend eats. Has Sam always been like this? “You’re old-fashioned. Just tell him that way.”
Tony scoffs and allows his bodyguard to lead him up the steps toward the entrance. “I’ve lasted longer than that.”
The rest of the drive is mostly done in silence. Happy and Tony strike up small conversations, and though they try to include Steve in a few of them, it’s difficult for Steve to participate. He’s exhausted from everything that’s been going on and all he can think about is his son back at the hospital.
Tony stays as close as Steve will let him. He doesn’t want to hover and suffocate his mate, but his alpha side demands he comfort Steve. The omega doesn’t complain when Tony lies beside him, and he purrs softly, content in his alpha’s arms.
“How do you know?”
Peter stares up at him, dark eyes roaming over the familiar face. Tony brings him closer again to let the pup scent him.
“You first.” Steve leans back against the counter and folds his arms over his chest.
“I’m afraid of you going, Sam!” Bucky’s voice raises. “I already lost him...I can’t lose you too.”
“We don’t have to try anymore. I don’t think I can take another loss.”
“You good?” Steve looks over his son, frowning at what he finds. He’s seen his son sick more times than he can count, and each time it broke his heart. “Sweetheart, you can stay home.”
Tony turns back to the road, unsure of where they’re going. Maybe it would’ve been better to hang out in his tower, but he’s tempted to take the kid to the place he’s been hiding out for the past few years. The lake house was the perfect place for them to have privacy, but he’s worried about the seclusion being too much. He didn’t want to freak the kid out.
One hand finds its way to his belly, cupping the small bump that’s beginning to grow. There’s a sense of joy coursing through him at the thought of his baby. But there’s also fear. He didn’t know what the future held and if he was really safe from Hydra. He was their property; he belonged to them and only them.
“You’re not. No one is.”
Tony kisses him again, properly this time. They’re forced to break apart when Jarvis reminds Tony of the call that’s on hold.
It would be easier to come clean and confess that he had strong feelings for the Captain; it would surely lift that incredulous weight off his shoulders. But then there was wondering what kind of reaction Steve would have, and it sends Tony spiraling into another panic.
“Oh so she’s your little assistant or whatever?”
“Well, yeah. I mean a hospital isn’t the best idea right now. It’s safer here.”
Those must have been the wrong words to say because Steve is pulling away. Tony frowns at the change in his behavior and sits up.
Tears gather in Steve’s eyes and he has to turn away to hide them. Tony notices and takes Steve’s hands in his own.
Tony huffs. “Don’t remind me.”
And then he smiles. It’s not very big, but Steve can still see it appear where a usual scowl goes. “Yeah. Guess you do. Your secret’s safe with me. I won’t let SHIELD interfere. Well , except for providing care. All of your medical needs will be taken care of.”
“Hmm? Oh! Peter. Yeah, yeah it’s cute.”
Pepper is generous enough to wait until they’re back in Tony’s office and he’s had a few drinks of coffee before she reprimands him. He huffs and sits back in his chair while she scolds him like he’s a little kid. And maybe sometimes he acts like one, but he was trying to get his life back in order. He had a son and there was no more room in his life for immaturity and instability.
But Tony knows what will happen if he allows the pregnancy to continue. They would have a son or daughter. Maybe they’d inherit Steve’s pretty blue eyes and Tony’s smarts. Tony’s caught himself daydreaming about the baby, but then he catches himself and scolds himself for it. There can’t be a baby.
“It happens. False negatives can occur if hCG hormones are too low. And though they’re not very common, a cryptic pregnancy could be another factor.”
“Not for long.” Steve grimaces and shifts in his seat, struggling to find a more comfortable position. Peter is pressing on his lungs, making every intake of air difficult. Steve blows out a deep breath. “I’m ready for this kiddo to get here.”
Peter couldn’t care less about his dad. Well...maybe that wasn’t entirely true. He’d be lying if he said he didn’t think about him and wondered what it would be like if he was in his life. Maybe his life would be different, but Peter would never entertain the idea of two parents for long. He had his papa and that had been more than enough.
“I’ll go easy on him,” Tony assures, but his words offer no reassurance and Steve quirks a brow. “I won’t yell! I’ll just...have a nice chat with him.”
“I got her,” Steve says quickly and rushes to take the pup into his arms. Sarah whimpers and wraps her arms around Steve’s neck, sniffing around until she finds his scent gland and buries her nose into it. “What’s wrong, sweetheart?”
“Hang on...did we meet at-there was a party I was invited to a few weeks back. Was it there?” Tony questions.
Being a heavy sleeper was something Tony never really considered himself to be. He didn’t get the normal amount of sleep a human being was supposed to get, and even if he did sleep, it wasn’t for very long. Being interrupted from sleep didn’t bother him. So when he’s awoken by FRIDAY’s alert, it doesn’t even faze him.
Peter nods his head.
Natasha knows this and rolls her eyes. “Give me your hand, dork. We’re done here.”
“Eat.” The order is stern. Steve glances up, meeting the icy stare of the alpha.
He thanks Jarvis and then makes his way back outside, searching for the lights he was told to follow. It’s not difficult to locate, and pretty soon Steve is following the twinkling, white lights that Tony used to illuminate the path that leads to the lake.
“Where to?” Happy asks, his eyes peering through the mirror and in the omega’s direction. When he doesn’t get a response, Tony steps in.
The car comes to a stop and Steve glances around frantically. Why were they stopping?
“Hey, Pete,” Happy’s voice comes through. He doesn’t sound angry, but Peter picks up on the bit of suspicion in the man’s tone. “Were you planning on having friends over? I’m only asking because I know your friend and the guy standing right in front of me isn’t him.”
Tears gather in his eyes and he blinks to keep them from falling. Tony rises to his feet abruptly and makes his way to the bar, rummaging through the bottles he has until he finds one with the highest proof.
“Tony, I’m fine. If it was really bad-”
“Your father believed you could lead the Avengers,” Nick replies. “Obviously you still have a bit of growing up to do. I figured you’d need some motivation.”
Steve nods and glances down at his plate of untouched food. He eats slowly.
“It’ll get...easier.” Natasha doesn’t sound so sure. She honestly didn’t know how anything was supposed to get easier and return to normal. Their lives were altered permanently.
“Look at me then,” Bucky urges. “You haven’t in days. Are you afraid of me?”
When Pepper finds him, he’s already drunk half the bottle and he’s surrounded by broken glass and unopened letters. The lab is quiet except for the sound of his cries.
He quickly realizes he’s still holding Flash’s hand and he glances down at where they’re connected, his face heating up from the contact. Flash takes notice and yanks his hand free.
The alpha eyes him warily.
A shaky breath escapes Tony’s lips. “That’s-that’s what I regret. I should’ve called him back. I’m sorry, kid.”
“I won’t.” Tony promises.
But the anger isn’t so much for himself, it’s for the alpha who did this.
“Fuck.” Tony groans and buries his face in Steve's neck, inhaling the sweet scent only Steve can give off. He licks at the mating gland and fucks Steve harder. “I’m so close.”
“Yeah,” Peter sighs sadly and picks up some egg onto his work. The first bite is tolerable so he keeps eating, hoping this is the day he can keep his stomach full.
Tony is quick to shoot down the suggestion. “I got it. You should sleep.”
Steve is passed out the moment they’re back in his private room. Tony stays by his side, gently stroking his face until he can no longer fight his own exhaustion. The chair isn’t the most comfortable place to take a nap in, but it would do. He can’t imagine leaving Steve’s side.
Tony nods and does as he’s told, counting down when the next contraction starts and Steve pushes again. Steve gets halfway through before he’s crying out.
Unfortunately for Tony, this guy was leaving, not to mention with another guy. Although that part could easily be understood, a brother, maybe a cousin, could be a roommate. So, Tony was in a sour mood. He wanted to be the one to leave with that Greek god lookalike. Weirdly, Rhodey glared at these two boys, as if they offended his bloodline. Tony wondered why as he pushed through the crowd. Tony admitted defeat, he would never see Greek god again. This guy was straight up an Apollo look-alike. This guy was honestly the Greek god of sun, light, and music.
“Tony Stark,” the professor calls out, as she reads off a paper, “Would you like to share with the class what you are discussing while my presentation?”
Tony groans. “All that from just one photograph from a dinner?”
One time he came into the shop while Steve wasn’t there. Ever since then when we asked for coffee with milk and two sugars, it was made by Steve. His explanation was simply that Steve made it best, and if Steve’s traitorous heart soared from hearing that. Well, he had always wanted to be known for good coffee.
Acting with Steve so far has been really fun. Tony’s been enjoying their romance on-screen. And Tony knows that their chemistry is off the charts, pretty much everyone in the crew has mentioned it.
He wakes up the next day with a raging hangover. He helps tidy up the house along with Rhodey. The rest of the weekend is spent working on the project from his Shakespeare class. Also dodging phone calls from his father and going to the engineering lab to work on other class projects. He is sitting on the kitchen counter while Rhodey makes them grilled cheese. He is going on his whole rant about how Tony has to cook by himself because he is not always going to be there to always make him food. It's a rant that Tony has got many times but suddenly, it
Steve watches Tony moving his hips then takes a sip of his beer, “I am not tense.”
“I’m not moving for at least a couple of hours.” Is what Tony says to Steve first thing in the morning. His face is shoved in a pillow trying to block out the sunlight coming through the blinds.
“I think you seriously need to get Grammarly, what is happening with your grammar on this slide?”
————————
“I don’t want to hear whatever you're going to say, this is class time.”
As he’s heading back to Steve’s apartment, praying that he will like the coffee. Walking back also makes him realize that he left his phone back at the apartment so texting Steve wasn’t an option.
Tony ran off to the front porch. “Rogers! What can I do for you?” He crossed his arms and looked at him.
“Shut up!
Tony makes his way to the set and sees the pot of coffee sitting on the lone desk. He makes his way over there, Pepper, Bucky and Natasha were all surrounding the coffee. Bucky and Nat had just recently been casted in the movie. Fans were excited since Bucky and Nat had already filmed two other movies together and had a massive outreach of fans thinking they were dating. It’s been a couple of days of being near them and Tony hasn’t got a clue if they are dating or if their bond is really close from all those movies they had filmed together.
Next Wednesday, Tony accepts Steve’s offer of the coffee. As he begins drinking it, the professor goes over the last project of the semester. This year was going by really fast, he actually enjoyed it so far. A vast improvement from September Tony wishing for it to be over. Now he was dreading the exam season. Plus the extra stress added onto it by going home for Christmas break. He was excited to see his mom, not so much his dad.
. Tony realizes he has a lot of things with Steve. Almost like inside-jokes. But not inside-jokes, because they most certainly are not friends. They are rivals who happen to be acquaintances in a class about a dead man. But
1) He makes me laugh.
Tony’s mouth drops. “Hold up. Do you mean engaged?
They had agreed they would release that they were dating on their own terms, not sitting on a couch talking to a peppy interviewer.
“So, that whole fight at the intramurals volleyball game was scripted?”
Who points a finger at Steve. “
Tony started to follow some sort of routine. He had classes every single day of the week except for Thursday. Which quickly became his favourite day of the week. If Thursday was his favourite day, Wednesday’s were becoming his least favourite. Sure, he didn’t mind the lessons but Steve Rogers glaring at him continuously got boring fast. Although, they were yet to have any group projects. So far, all the assigned partners had to do was discuss with each other. Tony thought finally luck was on his side, and he and Steve would not have to be roped in to finish a project. Tony noticed whenever they had to hand in a paper, Steve would always hand it in late. That was not a good sign for him being his partner for projects. Also, why was he getting away with this? Every time he would hand in a paper late the professor would just smile up at him and thank him for handing it.
In the end that is what they agree to do. Good. Tony doesn’t have time to worry about PR stunts now.
Steve groans then puts his head in his hands. “I’m locked out of the house. I gave my key to Bucky last night then I forgot to ask for it back.”
“You’re really not helping.”
“Hey, I’m full of surprises, very unpredictable. You know, don’t judge a book by its cover and all that.”
Steve looks over at him. “Who? You’re seriously worried about people on our row? Thor Odison? He’s too busy being pretty and riding off the success of his TikTok fame.”
Nay punched him in the shoulder. Her light punch was definitely not how Tony would describe a playful punch, but to each their own. “What was he like in high school? Tell me everything. Spill all the details.” The rest of the party Tony spends gossiping with Natasha. Until Rhodey comes to find them and finally Nat witnesses their matching costumes and bursts out laughing. Tony makes his rounds, talking to everyone and doing shots with his brothers. His eyes scan the room. He doesn’t know what he is looking for. Maybe someone to spend the night with.
1) He is a fucking dick.
Steve sniffed, “You do need to stop with all the swearing, also would you believe me if I told you this was all a big coincidence?”
Tony grumbles and quietly murmurs, “I'm an idiot sandwich.” Rhodey looks at him while he is biting into his sandwich. “You okay?”
“Oh,” Steve says, “happy to fulfill your life long goal.” Steve’s never thought about it from a customers point of view, of how being a regular at a coffee shop is different for them. He didn’t know people would try to be regulars.
“Oh, how the tables have turned.” Steve looked at him annoyed but he shrugged him off, “nope, she’s setting up a PowerPoint to discuss the new assignment.”
When he told Steve the story of the parking lost fiasco, all Steve had one was raise his eyebrow. His only focus seemed to be that he had finally found the reason why Tony was glaring at this cup of coffee the entire time.
“Steveee, I need coffee in my system now,” Tony says while still poking Steve’s shoulder.
They form a pattern, every day, after they finish on set. They eat together. Tony doesn’t know if he can call it dinner, since usually they eat really late in the night. They do it so often that one glance from Steve then Tony knows he is indicating that he wants to head out.
“They could probably sleep through an alien invasion if it came down to it. Anyways stop deflecting.” Tony takes his phone out of his pocket and opens Spotify. “What kind of music do you listen to?”
Tony stared at him. “No, it’s just a stupid-ass shirt,
Without even skipping a beat, Tony evaluates the slideshow, the title in all bold, SHAKESPEARE’S LANGUAGE. “I was mentioning to my seat neighbor here, how crazy it is that Shakspeare has been credited by the Oxford English Dictionary with introducing the English language with about 3,000 words.”
Tony takes a sip of his coffee. “Hey, did I ever tell you? That this,” he gestures widely to the coffee, “is the best cup of coffee I’ve ever had.”
Tony had already agreed to letting Steve sleep on his couch after this night ended. As he finally gets Steve standing, and hands him his jacket. He hears Natasha come up from behind them.
The professor goes on about the project, while Tony spaces out. He finally gets sucked in to listen when the professor announces that for their assignment they would be working with their seat partner.
“I was talking! You can’t post that,” he says, shocked. Tony grabs the phone out of Steve’s hands then the camera is going off again. Now it’s Tony’s turn to smirk at Steve, catching the photo the exact moment Steve is talking to Tony.
Tony shrugs, he is as confused as Bucky now. Bucky throws his hands in the air. “Just imagine, I’m saying something about breaking Steve’s heart, or how I’ll have assassins sent after you.”
The expressions he gets from the three people in the room certainly don’t help. They finally agree with not denying or confirming their relationship. Maria argues a point that this could help during the press junket since so many people are excited for their dynamics.
“I know Phil already introduced me, but you were very intensely staring at your coffee so I’ll do it again, I’m Steve,” he says the sentence so nonchalantly as if he is giving his drive thru order.
Steve continues. “Now how’s this translate, way back in the day, coffee sucked, the water was better but the coffee was worse,” Steve says it again casually. Tony’s prepared to fight for coffee's honour but decides not to. “People in the navy back in the day used to make their coffee fast better by adding salt. That’s because salt was super cheap and very efficient to make bad coffee just taste a little bit better.”
Rhodey raised an eyebrow and began to cut him off. “How long have you been in your lab for, I think you need to get a nice eight hours of sleep and calm the hell down.”
Steve gasps. “
Steve makes himself busy by fiddling with the ends of his apron. “Your regular today?”
“Rogers, surely someone is still up and will let you in?”
“You know what, Tony? Because of that I might just add salt in your coffee.” There. He did it. He told Tony his secret. The secret he had held from his own coworkers because he wanted to serve the best coffee.
Steve raises an eyebrow, “hmm, who should I call”?
Tony realized that Steve hadn’t gotten off yet. “Fuck, wait, let me.” As he saw Steve’s left hand rubbing desperately through his worn-in sweats. Tony pulled out of Steve’s mouth and joined him on the ground. He shoved Steve until his back hit the ground, he pulled off his sweats followed by his boxers and sucked him down in one move. Tony saw Steve was about to come and suddenly remembered that they were not alone, what if Steve’s housemates heard them? He quickly pulled Steve’s hand and curled it into a fist and brought it to Steve’s mouth. Luckily, Steve got the idea and bit his fist as he came. Tony swallowed everything and saw Steve’s expression all soft and rested.
. That also becomes a thing. Steve. Somehow his brain had switched from him always being Rogers too now just Steve.
Pepper nodded solemnly. “Oh, for sure, dealing with guys who brought booze is
He whispers. “Hey, what did I miss?”
“Try to disadvantage me all you want, I am still going to win.”
Tony smiles at him. They had established some sort of friendship as they were filming. It’s always great to get along with his cast mates but not always a reality.
“And cut!” Phil signals the end of the scene.
“No, I can dance.”
3) Tell him no, don’t clean it yourself and wait until tomorrow to yell at his housemates to clean it. (Pros: No cleaning from himself, no dealing with Steve. Cons: Brothers will be mad, and the house will be dirtier for even longer.)
“I’m sorry, you? Steve Rogers wants to take a selfie? The one who thinks he is above new technology, the biggest tech hater?” Tony questions.
. They leave the library together then separate their paths to get home. They wave goodbye to each other.
, I just know it’s
“I actually wanted to talk to you about something.” Shit. Now Tony is processing what Steve could talk to him about. Tony hadn’t even done anything all week. He’d been cooped up in the lab. “Have you been checking your emails?” What an odd question to ask. Tony thinks about the last time he even checked it. Steve continues, “obviously, by the look of your face I know it wasn’t any time recently.”
In Tony’s defense, Steve is more of a hot chocolate type of guy. He barely drinks coffee, and hot chocolate is very easy to order. Tony had been with guys whose coffee orders they even messed up to memorize.
It’s no secret that Tony and Steve are competing for the best spot in this class. They’re both very competitive (not to mention rivals). They have been competing with everything in class. From their marks, their seats, their discussion points. Tony smiles.
Steve laughs then kisses him. He hears Steve leave the bed then footsteps. Finally when Tony has decided he has had enough of lying on his bed he makes his way over to the kitchen.
Tony groaned then put his head in his hands.
“Oh, what was it you were saying, something about being quiet?” Tony asked.
The options they had chosen for waiting till the dating rumours to go away obviously did not work. If anything it gave the fans more substance. The plan had backfired.
If Tony had a dime for everyone he got asked if he and Steve were dating, he would have a lot of money. Enough money to probably buy an island.
Steve leaned in, once again their lips were so close together yet so far apart. Except this time, Steve knew he could lean down and capture Tony’s lips in a kiss. “Well, now you can get coffee from me anytime.”
“You’ve been in this industry for this long and not drink coffee?” Tony asks in disbelief. There are so many late nights, long days, where his only saving grace had been coffee.
“Now would probably be a good time, to post something,” Steve says, holding up his phone.
Steve looked at him through his eyelashes and took a step closer to Tony. “Hi serious, let’s fuck.” As he grasped Tony’s hand and intertwined their hands together.
He had been walking past the bookstore when he saw the poster. He hadn’t even thought it through, Tony immediately bought the poster.
“We should tease the fans. Post a selfie you know?” Steve says, “they would go crazy.”
Tony grins then replies.
“Then the other option is to wait this out. Let it disappear,” Maria offers.
Tony makes it to the same place where Steve is. He is grinning at him from winning their race even though it was highly unfair since he had a complete head start. Phil announces that they should rehearse the kiss scene since they have had time to work with each other.
Mostly the conversation went with the customer saying the coffee was good, Steve thanking them, and done. Customer service was truly a gift. That’s when the unexpected happens, when one customer asks how Steve made it.
Tony might be a lot of things but he always kept his word, as soon as the sun was down, he grabbed his sweater and stormed off on Greek Row. He was fuming until he came to the house with New England’s very own golden boy. He knew Steve’s window right away and started to yell. “Listen, you piece of shit, we need to talk, come down right now.” He picked up a rock proceeding to chuck it at the window.
Now, Steve is not about to give his recipe away. But this guy is crazy good-looking. He somehow manages to make messy, straight out of bed hair look really nice. The cute guy looks up from where he’s taking a sip.
Tony’s eyes move to where Bucky and Nat are dancing together. “Are they dating?” He asks Steve, Bucky and Steve are really close so he has to know if they are dating. Tony has been dying to figure out what is going on between them. He’s not one for drama, but as soon as the drama includes other people, he’s invested. Steve laughs and shakes his head.
Steve smiles, his media smile. “Well, we’ve been busy these past couple weeks. Especially Tony, he just did this amazing show. . .”
Tony encourages Steve to take a sip of the coffee. Immediately after he does, his eyes widen and he makes a face. Steve smiles at him. “It’s good,” he says while nodding.
On the drive back to Tony’s apartment, they stop for some ice cream. Steve makes a face when he kisses Tony and realizes that he can taste the mint chocolate chip Tony had ate. Tony tells him that he’s not complaining about Steve’s pictashio so Steve doesn’t have the right to argue anyways. But Tony doesn’t think he won this disagreement since Steve makes Tony brush his teeth before he kisses him again. But is he really losing when he gets Steve’s kisses?
Steve knew what he was doing. It was a full house today, seats were filled. A recent development was Tony staying and chatting with Steve. If Steve was on break, he stayed to talk with him. Steve noticed that Tony had already chosen a seat.
When Tony fails to respond in a timely manner, Steve throws the bag over his shoulder and leaves the room. Tony rushes after him.
Tony smiles at his sons and makes sure they’re far away before aiming his repulsor at the tall tree. A beam of light shoots from his red palm and the tree shatters, sending pieces of splintered wood flying in different directions. Tony shoots those into smaller pieces. The pups cheer and clap their hands.
“Tony, what’s going on?”
“Take this seriously? What do you think I’ve been doing? We wouldn’t be going down to meet my new doctor if I wasn’t.”
“Whoa.” Sam holds up a hand to silence the rambling. “First, take a deep breath. Second, don’t worry about us. I just told you not to worry.”
The progress Steve and the pups have made so far was huge. The pups were more comfortable around not only Tony, but Bruce, Pepper and even Happy. Dr. Cho continues to see them on a regular basis and is thrilled with the changes she sees.
"Oh, Tony," she let out a flustered little sigh, but it almost sounded like she was smiling. "I was going to ask you that." Tony blinked a little at the admission. "Mary told me that you were back. I wanted to see how you were handling being back."
"I can't wait for the others to find out," Bruce said with a smirk and turned back to his computer.
Tony narrowed his eyes a little at the man. Did Mary put him up to this? "I'm working," he said shortly, but Steve didn't stop smiling.
"I like living in the Tower," Phil told Steve. "I really don't want Tony throwing me out."
Steve Rogers seething with anger was not even close to what she had expected. "Were you ever going to tell me who Peter's father was? That all this time Howard Stark's son has been coming around??" Steve knew that he was probably overreacting a little, but he'd been awake for almost a year now. After getting what he could from his own searches, and from Howard's file, he had gone to SHIELD, and had gotten some unexpected help from Natasha Romanoff. She was undercover as Tony Stark's PA Steve had found out then, and it was obvious that she knew about Peter. It wasn't Mary that had told her either though.
"Well, I can't go public with him yet," Tony said first. "I think after my announcement today, that would be a bad idea." Mary nodded a little.
“Sir is not allowed to exceed twelve cups in one eight hour sitting,” Jarvis said, selling him out. “There are even restrictions on the size of the cups. Miss Potts learned that lesson early on.”
"Try?" Both Natasha and Steve said with a snort.
The ride down was short, and they stopped at the main floor of the Penthouse, and Bucky stepped out first to lead the way. He stopped before they entered the large living room, and he made a sweeping motion with his arm. Steve stepped in, then stopped and tilted his head as a smile came over his features.
Tony stood up, charging up the suit for a center blast, straight to the reactor in Vanko's suit. The shield hit Vanko a third time, and Tony let loose the unibeam shot. He hit the reactor and Tony saw it explode, short circuiting the suit with satisfaction. Vanko went down, sparking, and Tony walked over, pulling the helmet off of him.
"We're getting the transportation ready," Steve told him, glancing down the hall. Tony could hear the boots of Fury coming, and assumed that Agent Hill would be right behind him. Steve glanced at Tony, silently reminding him to try and keep his cool, they couldn't jeopardize their plan yet. Tony just gave him a nod.
"Well, now that you're staying here, I'm sure we can find something for you to do," Tony said. Maybe there would be the added benefit of Steve staying around the Tower. Tony grabbed two mugs and started to pour the sweet treat for them. "If you haven't eaten, there's left overs in the fridge-"
"I bet Fury was thrilled,' she said, looking at Tony as he spoke.
"Nope, right now, come with me." Both Mary and Coulson stood up quickly at her words, especially when she didn't stop walking. Pepper glanced at Mary, but looked back at Coulson, then glanced behind her. Mary looked behind them as well. She got a shiver down her back when she saw Obidiah Stane standing there, watching them leave. Something didn't feel right. "We're going to have it right now."
Tony hummed and ran his fingers through his own hair along the side of his head. "It is starting to get a little long, isn't it? I suppose I could get a trim. You like it when my hair is shorter?" Peter nodded, smiling. "Alright, how about we both go together, like we did a couple years ago."
Tony blinked a little. "I'll come down to the pool with you, sure." He didn't have to go swimming, all he had to do was be in the same room with them. He'd be fine. The two boys whooped and went running back inside. "Don't run so fast in the house!" He shouted after them, and the retreating steps became quieter as they slowed down. "Thank you!"
“You never know, if you don’t do,” Wade said with a smile. “I know what parkour is, and I think it’s awesome. Peter and I wanna start doing it.”
"They would have made me-" Who knows what would have happened to Jamie, so small, so young.
"Sounds like fun," Steve said, checking the fridge to see what was to drink for Peter. He knew that he and Tony would just drink water. "The traveling I mean. I don't count the traveling I did in the war as recreational."
“That was no mere burger!” Tony exclaimed, and Bucky turned to look at him with betrayed eyes. “That burger brought about the most traumatic ending to an episode of Supernatural!” Meg was nodding along with him.
"I like blueberries, too," Tony said, smiling, as he shut off the recording. He turned on the mobile data on his phone, and sent the video to Rhodey. He was glad that he had gone through all the messages at the mansion before coming over.
"Stark," Fury said, looking down at a tablet. "I actually expected you to come sooner." Tony frowned. What was it with people expecting him? He wasn't that predictable, was he?
“For gosh sake’s, Tony," Mary smirked. "Watch your language!” The adults around the table started to laugh and Steve let his head drop down to his chest.
"Well, considering that Wade asked if we were having sex several months ago, I'm gonna assume he's ignored the list." Tony snorted a little. He looked down when he felt Jamie started to squirm. "Ah, someone's starting to wake up. Does Dad want to go check her diaper?"
Tony tapped on a door with his elbow on the arm that wasn't holding Peter. "This is Bruce's room." He walked down to the next door. "You can stay in this room right here." Steve reached forward to turn the knob, Tony's arm still in the sling for the time being. "My room is here," Tony said walking across the hallway. "Peter's room is right here," he said, tapping the toe of his shoe against the first door next to his. Steve opened this door as well, knowing that that was where they were headed first anyway.
“Flare?” Steve’s eyes flicked immediately to the side as Ruby came to check on Tony, hearing the anger in Steve’s voice.
"Oh my god, you crazy son of a bitch." Tony had to laugh at that one now. "You owe me a new plane, you know that right?"
“See, now you can’t argue with logic like that,” Tony said, face smooshed into the floor. “School will be starting a couple of weeks, and they’ll be in fifth grade. Do you know how important that is? It’s the Senior class of elementary school.”
"Steven." Said man smirked as he pushed another set of hangars aside in his closet. "Don't make me use your middle name."
“He’s right. Because the sooner we get back from dinner, then sooner we can start movie night, with a special movie.” Tony launched back up and hug-tackled Peter on the bed.
"Sir, I'm afraid that I have not changed the temperature settings," Jarvis responded, causing Tony to lift his head a little. Jarvis sounded a little... sluggish? "It would appear, that... there is... Captain..." Jarvis stopped responding and Tony shot up from the bed. He let out a breath and saw it form a cloud in front of him. He ran out into the hallway and rubbed his arms against the chill that was there. Jarvis had been trying to say something about Steve as well.
"We've slowly been getting some information about AIM." Tony felt pretty confident calling them that, even if he didn't know what it stood for yet. He didn't care at the moment. "Nothing about this lab, yet, but I think we're close. Probably closer than you and Natasha."
A week later, during one of the times that Vee came up, she had a box sliding behind her. Tony raised an eyebrow and walked over, removing the ribbon from around her body and picking up the box. She trilled happily as Tony pet her, and then joined with the Gems. He opened the box, and the scent that came from it had attracted their attention. Steve had made some pokepuffs just for the Gems. Tony blinked and took out each one, that had a name on the wrapper on the bottom, and gave it to each of his girls, including Vee. The penthouse was full of delighted chrips and shrieks at the taste.
"Character flaw."
Mary laughed and kissed his cheeks. "Hey there, baby. Did you have fun?" Tony walked over, wearing a matching hat, and t-shirt under his leather jacket, taking a seat across from Mary. There was a chocolate milk at the seat that was across from Coulson, and he assumed that was meant for Peter.
Tony blinked at the song title, then shook his head. "I don't have time for this, Rogers." He picked up the razor again. A couple minutes later, another ping.
"Then he probably would have finished Howard's plan," Tony said under his breath. "Think of all the things that Hydra could do if they were able to control me, which they were, and if I was their own little Soldier." A thought hit Tony, and he turned in the chair to look at Coulson. "Where is Loki's scepter?" That had Bruce's attention, too.
Tony whistled low and long. "Yup, no more bitching about how I spend my money on you," Tony said with a nod. "And you are so picking up the ice cream and pizza tab on Supernatural nights from now on!" Steve laughed and kissed him again. He tightened his arm around Tony's waist and started to move them back towards the kitchen.
"I think I've heard some disgruntled stories about him." Julie had a small smile on her face. "Wade's told me about how he's foiled their plans to get into trouble about the Tower."
"You really are Captain Sassypants, aren't you? Forget Captain America, I'm calling you Captain Sassypants from now on," Tony teased. "Cap Sass, mmm, I like it," he nodded. Steve snorted and started to turn for Tony anyway. Tony tilted his head a little as he watched Steve's backside a little more than usual. "Cap's Ass is more like it," he murmured under his breath, but the smirk on Steve's face told him that he must have heard him. "I've made my decision, but do you wanna do one more turn for me?"
Tony sat there in silence for a few more moments, then pushed himself up from the chair, leaving the room. He stopped when he saw Bruce leaning against the wall across from the door. He looked tired.
“But, she will start crying soon,” Wade warned as Jamie let out a third, longer, whine when she couldn’t move Bucky’s leg. “I really don’t think you want that.”
Wade ran over to his Mom when they all got back up to the communal floor. The smell of food was wafting through the air, and the table had been set, complete with pitchers of different drinks. Steve noted that the twins were already seated at the table, he also didn't miss the look that Mary had shot over towards him and Tony. Her and Tony must have silently worked things out, as was something that he noticed they did a lot when it came to things involving Peter, because she was wrapping Peter up in a hug when he ran over.
"Did you get rid of the bad guys?" Peter wasn't going to let go anytime soon, gripping onto Tony as he walked over to the couch in the penthouse of the Tower.
"Captain Rogers has some dinner for you," Jarvis said a couple minutes later. "And he will only deliver it to you personally." Tony sighed. He wiped his face before splashing some water to get any stray hairs or shaving cream off of his face.
Updates to me? Well, I am no longer homeless, Yaaaaay! I've moved to an apartment, and I live with my mom as her caretaker, and working part-time. I work at a pizza place and I love it, and I even got part-time Manager in less than a year. So it makes me a bit  busy, but I also didn't want to start the next chapter of this series until I knew what I was doing, and could make it just as good as the rest that everyone loves. I'm still super grateful to everyone who's read this series, and left a review/comment! Seriously, you all still blew me away with all the stats that I see, with all your kind words! I do this all for you guys!! Thank you!!
“What are you doing?” Meg whispered behind him, not wanting to disrupt the boys.
"I can stay," Tony nodded. "I took a different car, no one will know it's mine. I don't think I would be able to let him go anyway...."
"Why?" Steve felt himself asking, and looking to Bucky, James, now. He felt detached from the moment, like he could wake up at any time, and hopefully find himself back at the Tower, asleep on the couch with Tony and watching Supernatural.
Steve lifted his head slowly, and Tony swallowed a little. His movements were sluggish, his eyes seemed glazed and unable to focus, and his lips looked to be turning blue. He had wrapped his arms around himself as he tried to curl up, a violent shiver running through his body. “C-cold,” Steve forced out before his body slumped forward, knees hitting the ground. Tony dropped down next to him to catch him, hands wrapping around his upper arms. Even his shirt felt cold. “Too cold.”
"You're getting worse, Tony!" Steve shouted at him, making draw up short. Tony kept his back to the man as he continued. "You don't sleep, Tony, you barely eat. I can see the haunted look in your eyes. This isn't healthy. What happens if Peter-"
Mary took a couple of deep breaths, in through her nose, out through her mouth, centering herself. "You're right, of course." She paused. "Wow, I never thought I would be saying that to you."
"Judging from that video you sent me two days ago, he's a happy kid." Rhodey knew that he was comparing himself to Howard, he always would compare himself to that man.
"Glad to you know that you're very straight forward in your responses." Steve snorted at Tony's grin, wrapping his arm around his waist again. "Wanna be a co-parent with me to a little baby girl?" Steve whispered against his ear as they walked towards Steve's bedroom.
“Mo! Mo!” She waved her hands, looking at Peter’s hands.
"You've been thinking," Tony murmur under his breath. "I can feel it, you're half way to Captain America." Steve raised an eyebrow. "You're more 'Man with a Plan', than Steve Rogers." Steve opened his mouth, but Tony cut him off. "Do not say that Steve Rogers is also a man with a plan, because I know for a fact that you did not plan our first date. Or the first time we kissed, or even the second time."
“Okay!” Tony burst out, rubbing his eyes from the laughter tears. “I’m gonna get people started tomorrow. Oh, oh my stomach hurts. This is too good.”
Mary teared up a little and hurried over to him, wrapping her free arm around his neck to hug him. He held back a wince and a hiss and hugged her back with one arm, his other hand reaching up to softly run through Peter's hair. He teared up a little himself, being this close to his son again.
"Can you do that?" Steve looked at Peter, wiping his cheek of tears. Steve took a quick look around and saw that Thor and Loki were no longer in the penthouse, but were outside fighting on the balcony now, the scepter still on the floor inside.
"Yes," Steve said with a nod. "It's for a good cause, I feel."
“You know what,” Bucky said, shifting a little so he could reach into his pocket. “How about I just text him right now? I know for a fact that he planned on staying inside all day, so it’s just a matter of timing.” Wade nodded a little, and Bucky watched as he pulled his knees up a little. He quickly typed out a text to Steve. Bucky knew this was something that he and the kid had to work out; Steve had been the one to find Wade, to bring him home, and there had been some kind of imprinting, or something.
"The museum was able to get copies from the Army," Tony continued.
"They should live with us!" Peter proclaimed and Tony raised an eyebrow. "That way, when Wade's mom gets sick, we can help take care of her." Tony caught Steve glancing back at him from the kitchen. "There are more bedrooms at your house, and Mama likes talking to Wade's Mom, too. They do it all the time."
“Yes, she does, doesn’t she?” Loki did smirk, and Steve didn’t like it. “I was correct in my assumptions, one of them is yours. Quite the family that you’ve built for yourself.”
"Daddy's a superhero, remember?" Tony said softly, pressing his cheek to Peter's hair. "No one can hurt Daddy. My Petey, I'm sorry."
"So, I'm thinking that we need to find something mindless to watch," Tony started a new topic as the elevator took them up to the penthouse. "Even though we're not getting any sleep, it doesn't mean that we're able to focus on important facts."
"Good," Mary said, taking the distraction from what was becoming an uncomfortable topic. "Because I don't want him expecting to get so much every year. He still needs to learn that he earns presents for being a good boy, and that if he acts out, or does something that he's not supposed too, that he won't get whatever he wants either way."
"Awesome idea, J," Tony nodded, still holding onto his son. "Go ahead and give him a call, open the door when he gets here. He can pick up the sack of coal that is Sleepy Peter." Tony loved that Peter could feel safe enough to sleep so heavily, though. He was a tough kid, and the past couple years had thrown some unfair things at them. Tony had been convinced that Peter would be plagued with nightmares, especially after last year, but the bad dreams seemed to luckily be few and far between. And if Peter was willing to drop off like a rock when he slept, usually just around family, then Tony wasn't going to complain.
"You should probably watch the footage," Steve added in, motioning towards a tablet he left on another counter.
"I don't like bring back data about bad music choices to the R&D labs," Tony said with a little smirk. Steve huffed through his nose. "I'll get a new phone up to you this week."
Peggy stepped up to Tony, kneeling down to his height, and taking his hands gently. “Tell me what you saw, Tony,” she said gently with a smile. Evelyn looked between Peggy and Tony, before sitting down, sensing no threat.
“-has no blood related Aunts!” Julie was saying inside the apartment. Talking to the school then, Bucky surmised. “No one has been added to the approved list in over a year, and I did not get a call to authorize any additions anyway!”
“Eeeeevee!” She wiggled her body happily in his arms.
The day after getting back from a surprisingly enjoyable vacation, he and Bruce had jumped into the test results of Jamie’s aging, and the Serum that Tony had made during his stay with Hydra. They needed to create the item that would ‘activate’ the serum, if only so they could understand if they could make something to counter the effects of the serum. Tony wasn’t convinced that there would be anything, else Bruce would have found it to try and reverse the effects of his own Gamma accident, but Bruce was convinced that any research was good research, and Tony never disagreed with that. It would also help put Tony’s mind at ease if they had something that might stop something from happen if Steve or Jamie ever came into contact with the second-rate serum.
"You'll be taking it back with you?" Steve asked when they stopped in front of the blonde man.
"Yes, yes it is." Coulson grinned. "It's a miracle, actually. that's he's still alive."
“Seriously??” Peter jumped in excitement. “He said yes??” Wade grinned and Peter spun a little.
Mary checked the text from Tony, a picture of him and Peter in the car, having picked him up from her parents place, then tucked her phone into her jacket pocket. She had to idly wonder if Coulson knew that Peter was Tony's son, or if he just had her come with him to Stark Industries because of what happened at the Benefit back in March.
"Because you trust them," Steve added for him.
“The materials have been rated for different atmospheric pressures, different levels of gravity,” Tony rattled off. “Or,” he started to amend when he looked up at Steve’s expression, “for hypothesized space travel.”
"We'll try containment first." Tony smirked a little as the Captain confirmed his thoughts. "If possible, back in the building they escaped from."
I'm a big freaking nerd, and it shows in this chapter.
“Oh, you are so not getting any ice cream tonight,” Tony said as he turned from the hallway. “And you’ll be lucky if I let you cuddle tonight!” He heard Steve’s, obviously faked, gasp of shock, and kept walking. Apparently he needed to pick up ice cream as well. Perhaps Strange would know where he could do that. If he still even did his own grocery shopping as well.
"-probably, uh, not drumming your fingernails on the mostly white linen tablecloth." Mary chuckled, looking down at her nails. "Perhaps even looking at those fingernails and thinking, 'God, I should have stopped in all of my wedding plotting to have that manicure.' Too late now."
Tony pursed his lips a little, then drew them together tightly, fighting off the tingle and burn that moved up towards the back of his eyes. Why would he feel the need to tear up at this? Oh, right, because until Tony had a son, these were some of the nicest things that Tony could ever remember being told to him. The only other person he had heard something like this from was Jarvis, the live man, when he was just a little boy.
"Mr Steve??" Tears were falling down his cheeks and he suddenly threw himself at Steve, into his arms. "Phil is hurt! Daddy won't wake up!" He started to cry into Steve's chest, the super soldier wrapping his free arm around Peter, still watching Tony.
He took a drink from his glass as someone sat in the chair next to him. He smiled a little. "You're a planning guru. No wonder I made you CEO of my company." He held up his glass as Pepper clinked the drink together.
"No, no reports of that," Hawkeye answered. The lights actually flickered as the elevator doors opened, and Tony opted for the stairs, taking them two and three at a time.
Just inside, Tony barely had time to prepare himself for an armful of Mary Parker. She didn't say anything, just hugged him, which sadly pulled him away from Steve. When she pulled back a little, looking him in the face, he gave her a little smile. "You need to stop disappearing."
Steve leaned in to kiss his cheek. “I do know that you can do this.” He put his hand on Tony’s leg, giving it a quick squeeze. “I’ll be right there in the lobby, waiting for you. Come on.” Steve slipped his hand into Tony’s, tangling their fingers.
"I guess I can agree to that."
"Maybe people just like putting their mouth on you." Tony kissed his neck again, smiling against his skin. "With a baby attached to you, I know I can't keep away from you." Tony moved around to the front of Steve, red sunglasses on, dressed down in jeans, an old band tee, and a black jacket, smirking at Steve, and he ran his fingers through Jamie's hair. "Can I just parade you around with me? That's it, I just want to show you off."
"Sir, Ms Parker and Young Master Peter have arrived," Jarvis told him. Tony grinned, slipping his t-shirt on and grabbed his phone, slipping it in his pocket.
Steve paled at the words, at the thought. Tony had been working on saving his life as a side project. He shouldn't have been called in if he had been dying, it wouldn't have been worth it. If Steve thought about it though, how many had actually known what had been going on, other than Dr Banner? Tony wouldn't have told them, that was for certain.
Tony put the food on his desk, no longer feeling hungry. His feet were taking him over to the couch, sitting next to Steve. "This nightmare never goes away. Sometimes I jump out after him, but I lose him in the snow. Sometimes I save him, I'm just in time, and the train is falling, slipping off the tracks. And sometimes, luckily not tonight, sometimes I'm the one falling off the train. The snow swallows me up and it's the plane all over again." Steve started rubbing his hands together, like he was trying to get warm.
"Yeah, and you probably wait, looking for the coolest one," Peter continued. "We haven't decided what color for you yet."
"Sir, a new playlist has been created," Jarvis said, bringing Tony back to Steve's screen.
"I'm going to put nearly forty pounds of primarily water weight around you, then tell you take a walk in winter," she called through the bathroom door. "Your boy is crazy, Steve!"
. It drove me nuts, Tony!" Tony blinked, eyes going blank. "Almost insane, I was starting to hallucinate from my flashbacks, I couldn't break out of them. I've been to the therapist, was there for months. And now? I can sleep at night, almost every night of the week." Steve never broke eye contact with Tony, the words pouring from his mouth. "I don't wake up screaming in the night nearly as much, but it still happens. Do I still live with the guilt of being alive, and still so damn young? Of course, every day, but now I know what that crushing feeling is, and I know how to try and make it lessen."
"We've locked down the New York office, but I can't get a hold of Fury," Mary said grimly.
"Mr Steve!" Peter's worried shout came through the coms and he blinked. Thor glanced over at him. "Mr Steve! I was talking to Daddy and then he was gone! Jarvis lost the signal, and he can't get him back!" The Hulk jumped from a building, wrapping his arm around Tony, catching him. "Mr Steve, where's Daddy?"
Steve lounged against Arc, a sketchbook against his bent knees, while he drew Brave cleaning his wings. There was the ding of the door as Vee came back down from her weekend with Tony. She bounded over, shaking her fur, and Steve blinked. He reached over to take off the bow that was wrapped around her neck, with a note attached. Vee took off once the ribbon was gone, climbing on top of Arc, he just let out a puff of breath, keeping his head on his paws.
"The child has interesting methods," Bucky added. Wade seemed to smile, taking it as a compliment.
"It's not fair how soft your lips are," Tony murmured.
Tony made his way upstairs not long after, no longer laughing, and smiled when he smelled the delicious scent of blueberry pancakes. He could hear Jamie making delighted sounds and saw Peter and Wade sitting in front of her. “How goes the birthday lesson, boys?” Tony asked, leaning against the back of the couch. Jamie smiled and cooed when she saw him.
"I'm fine, so you just moved in here a couple of months again, then?" Tony said quickly, and Steve thought he would get whiplash from how quickly Tony changed topics and moods "Work with Mary at SHIELD then?" Tony looked around the apartment, assessing it? "Peter talks about you all the time, so Mary must trust you at least a little bit, but I find that I don't know that much about except from what Peter says. And I love my son very much, but he's five, and I can't exactly take everything that he says as gospel, not that I really take anything as gospel, but that's a whole different problem."
"She's all for it!" Tony motioned with his hands. "It's not like I'll keep repeating the process, just one time, while pregnant."
Tony huffed out a breath and yanked the door open to the Penthouse floor. Peter was crouched behind the couch, away from the windows, where they could see a small plume of black smoke floating past. He rushed over and wrapped his arms around Peter. "You okay?"
"Slave? To who? You?" Tony asked carefully. Loki let out a short laugh.
"But with this new element, I can implement it in the Tower's Arc Reactor, too!" Tony exclaimed. He was antsy, he had something to create! "I can make that one year estimate tenfold, at least!"
“Peter doesn’t seem so hostile towards Jamie anymore,” Pepper barreled on, knowing this was how you got Tony Stark to speak. “And I know I didn’t miss it, but you’re saying Papa to Peter.”
"We're currently going through the expanded universe," Tony told him. "So," he turned his attention back to Peter and Wade, "we've decided that he's New Hope Luke, but with Return's lightsaber." Both boys nodded. "Alright, fair game."
"I think something's wrong," Tony confirmed, Jarvis connecting the call. No one was saying anything, but they could hear the sound of wind, and talking in the background, as if someone were walking down a busy sidewalk, or something, outside. "Is this the hooligan adding songs to my boyfriend's playlist?" Bruce looked at Tony at the use of the word 'hooligan'.
"No time! I figured it out!" Tony took a deep breath and after pulling out the second piece he had to sit down. "Okay, so maybe fifteen seconds won't hurt." Bruce pat his shoulder and pulled out the pieces, setting them up.
"Jarvis? I wonder if you can't help me," she asked tentatively.
The furniture was in the right place, so no one was practicing. The TV wasn’t on, so the twins must have been down for a nap. There was some soft music coming from the opposite direction, from the kitchen, so that meant that Miss Meg was making dinner. But, he didn’t know where Bucky Barnes was. His eyes narrowed and he crept into the living room, eyes constantly scanning the room. No one was talking in the kitchen, so he wasn’t in there as well; not that Wade ever caught the man talking that often, but he figured they would talk if they were in the same room, right?
“Semantics- oph!” Tony stumbled forward when Peter hurried his pace, catching sight of the characters from Tangled. “It’s almost like he’s excited!”
"It's a stabilizing agent." Tony glanced at the group and noticed that Captain America wasn't- Oh, holy hell. Tony really hoped he didn't just visibly flinch. Steve. The fucking Neighbor. Was sitting there, in Captain America armor. Tony was already three hundred percent done.
"He'll probably continue to call me Phil," he said interrupting Tony.
“No,” she whined out. Steve bit his lips, trying to keep back a smile, and to not interrupt them. “Papa.” Steve knew he was out of sight from the little girl, and he almost stepped inside fully. He hated hearing her sound upset, but also knew that Tony would be there telling him to he needed to be strong, to not give in every time that she whined, or wanted something.
"And Steve will be there the whole weekend as well, in case you need anything," Mary had kept talking while Tony's mind had kept working.
Unbeta'd, and Marvel owns more of this than I do.
Pulling the blankets back just enough, Tony slipped into the bed behind Steve, and wrapped his arms around Steve's stomach. He felt the fine tremble in Steve's body, and started to rub his arms a little. "Shouldn't take more than an hour to get you all warmed up," Tony said quietly, gently. "Then you can wake up earlier than anyone alive needs to be up, and I'm going to task you with making breakfast." Steve felt himself smiling a little at Tony's easy back and forth banter, with himself mostly. "But don't fall into Peter's trap of asking for pancakes, because it's not Saturday, or someone's birthday, and if Mary or I aren't there he'll try to get those sweet little flatbreads out of whatever sucker is cooking for him. Rhodey found that one out the hard way, and he won't be falling for that again."
Tony thought for a second before answering. "Not like you can," he decided on. "I draw designs, like for the arc reactor, or for the Tower that I built. But those are more blueprints." Tony knew that Peter was smart, but he also knew that his school wasn't going to be teaching the kids anything about technical design. He tried to keep things simple enough, but didn't want to insult Peter's intelligence. These were things that he would teach his son, if he had an interest in them. "My drawings consist more of rulers and straight lines, more exact measurements. Not much imagination needed on my end I'm afraid."
A soft knock on the door interrupts. It opens and Happy pokes his head in, smiling at the sight of the small family. He enters the room, showing off the balloon and pink teddy bear.
A few feet away is his uncles, both in a similar position. For all his fifteen years, Peter has rarely seen his uncle Bucky cry. He was always strong, never backing down from anything and ready to stand up and fight. But now he wasn’t himself. He was broken.
“My nephew’s aren’t at that age anymore so unfortunately I can’t help you there. But I do have a new recommendation for you.”
“Thanks, Buck.”
“I should’ve been there or Bucky-”
Peter giggles and gives Steve a big, wet kiss on his cheek. “I love you, Papa. And guess what?”
The beating gets softer and softer, then it stops. Peter can’t bring himself to look. He yanks off the sunglasses and the image of his papa's lifeless form dissolves.
“It’s okay,” Tony is quick to assure. He rushes to his mate’s side, slipping one arm from around the sleeping pup to pull Steve close to his side. Steve buries his face in Tony’s stomach, sobbing softly. “It’s okay. If you are...it’s okay. We’ll handle it together. I promise.”
“Pete?” Steve calls out to his son, his brows furrowing in concern.
“I’m sorry. I promise no more missions. It will just be you and me.”
“Hey, you step on a LEGO and get back to me. Remind me to sue the hell out of their manufacturer.”
“Who the hell are you?” Tony demands.
For the first time in God knows how long, Steve was starting to feel like himself. The last time he felt this way was back before Hydra and the mess he found himself in. Life had been hard back then for a small omega, but it was his best friend that helped him through it. Bucky meant everything to him. It was always going to be Bucky.
“Okay.” Tony nods. He doesn’t want to push. Just because Steve was back home didn’t mean that he was back to normal. Steve was still delicate.
James still has his moments when he becomes protective, but he’s gotten better. Sarah and Harley were no longer behind and every day they were learning new words to say.
“I’ll make you proud, Papa,” he whispers. “I promise.”
“Hey, kiddo!” Tony greets and goes in for a hug. It’s awkward, but it leaves Peter feeling warm inside nonetheless. He turns toward his friend. “Thanks, Happy.”
Steve nods and gestures for Morgan when she starts to whimper. “I think she’s hungry again. I can feed her before Nat comes.”
There is some smut in the beginning of this chapter ;) I hope everyone enjoys this update!
“I’m fine.”
“No!” Peter screams and fights, needing to be back in his father’s warm arms. All he wanted was him. “Please! No!”
Tony huffs out a small laugh. “I’m the best.”
Natasha drags Clint out of the room, making sure to congratulate the new parents one more time.
“Barnes?”
Then something changes.
“Yeah. I mean kinda. Papa mentioned him...once.”
Steve was already so in love with the baby. Tony for the life of him couldn’t feel that same emotion for the clump of cells. That’s all it was to him.
“Tony,” Steve says again. “Tony, what’s wrong? Tony, please?”
I finally got around to updating this one! I wish I could say it's a happy chapter...well maybe at first. Some smut anyone? Anyway...yeah it gets worse for these two. I hope you all enjoy the update anyway!
Tony wants to cancel the meeting right then and there and spend the whole day with his husband and daughter, but he can already picture the disapproving look on Pepper’s face. At least he had something to look forward to once the meeting was finished.
Oh right. He was in a meeting a few floors up.
“What do you want me to say? This is...unexpected.”
Tony nods. That’s all he wants too. He doesn’t want Steve to suffer like this anymore. He’s been down this same road and it was hell. Steve was the one who saved him. Now it was his turn to save Steve.
“Right. I should’ve...Dammit, I’m not good at this. He probably hates the crib.”
He pushes that thought aside. He could do this by himself.
“I’m not like other alphas. I’m not like him.”
The thought of having to deliver this pup on his own strikes fear in him. All of the others had been safely born by some type of medical professional. The pups were important and Alpha made sure they were delivered with care.
Alexander joins him, his thin lips splitting into a smile across his face. “Mr. Stark, it’s a pleasure to finally meet you.”
Those probably weren’t the right words to say but Tony’s already explained he’s bad with words. Peter doesn’t reply and instead finds interest in the bit of artwork on the walls.
Peter nods again and lies back. He turns toward the machine beside him, eyes glued to the blank screen.
Thor smiles, seeming pleased with that answer. Then he frowns. "Why does it have to be a rainy day?"
He wonders what would’ve happened if he had stayed and let Steve talk. He would’ve learned about his son and the feelings Steve had for him. Tony would’ve stayed all night with Steve. They would’ve talked and talked and talked until they knew what they wanted.
“So school’s almost over, right?”
“Your guess is as good as mine. He won’t talk to me about it. To be honest I don’t think he knows what he wants to do. He wouldn’t even tell me how the father took the news.”
Tony complies and teases the tight ring of muscle. His fingers slide in easily, the abundance of slick Steve produces easing the way. Steve moans and throws his head back, panting heavily with every thrust of Tony’s fingers.
The next doctor appointment was the one Steve was the most excited for. If they were lucky then they would be finding out the gender of their baby. They had already started planning out the nursery and buying a few items here and there, but once they learn about the gender, then they can start personalizing.
“Honey,” Tony smiles and slips one arm free from around his sleeping son to take Steve’s hand. “You changed my world and made it better. You and the kids are my world. You’re all that matters.”
“I know!” Sam laughs.
He had other options. He could give the baby to a family that wanted to have a child. Maybe there was someone out there meant to care for his baby. Someone who could provide all the love and care in the world.
Peter is relatively calm throughout the evening. He doesn’t fuss when Steve bathes him, his eyes drooping from the warm water and lavender scented baby shampoo. Steve dries him off gently then wraps him up in a fluffy blanket and takes him to his room.
They’re not alone. Two more alphas dressed in black tactical gear linger near the doorway. One is a bigger man with jet black hair slicked back. The other is a few inches shorter, but makes up with it in muscle. They’re intimidating, nothing at all like the bodyguard Tony wishes he had brought with him.
Rumlow turns away to work on freeing Pierce. With him distracted, Tony moves toward Steve and gives him their son, then he quickly reaches for the blade Steve had previously. It was no match against a gun, but it was better than nothing.
“No,” Steve decides and he holds out his arms. “Let me take him. They need to meet their baby brother.”
“You can use the back exit.”
Steve winces again from the pain in his middle and the pressure deep in his pelvis. Something was wrong. He wishes now that he had taken his health more seriously, that he had taken everyone’s advice and received medical care. He should have let Jarvis scan him. He shouldn’t have ignored what his body was trying to tell him.
Steve grins and moves to hover over Tony again. “I’d like that,” he says before leaning down to connect their lips.
Morgan is in a fairly good mood when Tony gets her ready. She didn’t fuss when he gave her a warm bath, or when he dressed her in one of the cute outfits Natasha had given them.
“Is that why you’re out here? You never did tell me about him.”
“Uncle Sam told me to leave you alone but…” Peter trails off and enters the room. He approaches his uncle and sits down beside him, his eyes flickering toward the item clutched tightly in his uncle’s fist.
After that they decorate for the party. Steve had done most of the work for Tony’s birthday and now it was the alpha’s turn. Steve refused to let Tony take on the decorating alone and assisted in anything that didn’t require heavy lifting or climbing a ladder.
It’s early in the morning when Tony is woken up, and with a grumble he rolls over, expecting to find the person he’s lied next to for years, only to be met with cold sheets. Tony’s eyes shoot open and he sits up, frowning when it dawns on him that Steve wasn’t in bed with him.
“No,” Steve replies and takes the chair beside his son. “This is the fun part. Trust me.”
They’re all gathered around the large living space. Peter and Sam are on the floor sorting through the countless dvds while Bucky, Natasha, and Bruce gather on the sofa and sort through photos and other miscellaneous items Steve has collected over the years.
Tony’s gaze falls on the bump, his heart fluttering at the thought of the life growing inside of Steve’s belly. The life they created.
“I said it’s fine.”
“Submit!” Steve snarls and puts a hand on the back of the alpha’s head, forcing it down until his face is pressing into the leather.
“What’s this, Dodge?” Steve questions, picking the toy up to examine it and making a face when he finds it slobbered on. “This isn’t for the baby is it?”
“Where are we?” Steve asks, his eyes roaming over the body of water and trees. It was beautiful and peaceful, nothing at all like the noisy city they left behind. The sun has started to set, painting the sky in rich pinks and purples. It was hard to get a view of the sun setting with skyscrapers, but out here, Steve was able to see it all.
“It’s okay,” Tony says and he shifts, putting a bit of distance between them. There’s an overwhelming urge to be close to the alpha. Steve craves his touch.
Steve as usual was in a cheerful mood. It was slightly irritating, but Tony blamed his hormones. And the fact that his son had taken it upon himself to kick him in the ribs.
Steve’s head snaps up. “What?”
“Oh hey, Pep. You’re early.”
He places a hand over his stomach, feeling another wave of nausea overcome him. It’s too soon to tell, but God does he wish he could find out now. It would put his worried mind to rest.
His uncle Bucky and Sam are in the living room. The tv is on, but Peter doesn’t pay it no mind. He’s just happy to hear his uncle laughing again. It seems like ages since he’s heard the sound.
“That explains the baseball cap. It’s a good disguise.”
“I’m going to miss you too, Petey. I promise I’ll be back soon and then we’ll do something fun okay? We haven’t been to Disney World in a while.”
I just want to give a warning about the ending of this chapter. It gets sad and more intense with Steve. I'll be adding more warnings when I feel a chapter needs them.
“Thanks,” Tony frowns. “Honestly, you’re right. I should’ve come back. I screwed up. Is that what you want to hear?”
Steve pants through the pain, tears gathering in his eyes when it intensifies. He’s been through this enough times to know what to expect, but each time he struggles to cope with the pain brought on by the contractions.
Steve shakes his head. The fingers holding his jaw tighten.
Steve moves quickly out of the room and back into the corridor. The sound of screams fills the empty halls, and much to Steve’s relief, they don’t belong to his teammates. He pushes through, ignoring the burning smoke in his eyes and lungs. All that mattered was getting out.
The familiar bark is what interrupts Tony from his work, and he pauses the tinkering on his suit to greet Dodger.
The storm was beginning to pass, and the clouds were opening up, revealing a bright, blue sky. The waves weren’t crashing over Steve. They weren’t forcing him down. He wasn’t drowning anymore.
“He is. But be thankful he’s moving back. Our little nest isn’t empty anymore.”
“Don’t.” Tony points a warning finger in his husband’s direction. “Don’t jinx me. Let me enjoy this. This is the first time in nine fucking months where I’ve been comfortable.”
Steve studies himself one last time in the mirror before giving up and deciding to return back to his family. Sooner or later Tony was bound to notice, and that was the last thing Steve needed.
“Don’t worry we shut it off. We’re not that cruel,” Sam says.
Tony inhales deeply, filling his nose with the sickly sweet scent. His cock twitches in interest. The battle between his alpha side is quickly becoming one he knows he can’t win. He wants to fuck this omega. No
“James?” Steve moves toward his pup. James peers up at him, his blue eyes bright with tears. “Sweetheart, what’s wrong?”
“I tried to fight but he punished me every time. I had to let him do it.”
Those words sting. Tony’s thrown hurtful words at him before during past arguments, but none of them have hurt more than the words Tony is saying now.
The first thing he does is wake up Jarvis. The AI is more than ready to comply with any request, but underneath that Tony can sense his frustration for being shut down for so long. Tony hadn’t walked away from Jarvis as long as everyone else, but he did take a break for a few days. Perhaps that was too long for Jarvis.
“And I’ll do it again. I’m serious, Tones. You need to move on. What you’re doing isn’t going to bring Steve back. He’s gone.”
“I can’t either. We have other options. Adoption is one. At least the baby can go to a home with people who want it.”
“Unfortunately it doesn’t matter what we think-”
“It does. When are we going to meet this girl?”
Peter makes a face. “Oh.”
Steve’s thoughts drift to his team, and he wonders if they’re okay. Knowing them they would be. They were strong. They’d do just fine without him.
“Mr. Stark is currently downstairs in the living room. Would you like me to call for him?”
One alpha steps closer, baring his teeth and growling.
He had accepted that one child was all they were getting, and that was enough. Peter was their pride and joy. But a big family was something Steve wanted.
“You okay?”
“Nah.” Tony shakes his head, then he remembers his teammates and Pepper. “Actually, can you let everyone know?”
Steve nods his head, then he’s leaving the room. Tony lets out a sigh and directs his attention back to his daughter. She is still sleeping peacefully in his arms, and for a moment Tony wonders if she will behave for him.
“Hmm. Yeah. I think I will. I’ll talk to him when I get back.”
“I think he’s scared too.”
“Hey, it’s okay.” Tony rubs along Steve’s arm. “You didn’t know.”
After Steve took a moment to calm down, it was time for presents. He told his friends about the baby moving, but to their disappointment, the kicking had stopped. He figured after consuming a little sugar that his son would be moving around again.
Steve chuckles and takes over to stir the pasta in the pot. “I’m not much of a chef myself.”
Peter chuckles. “I didn’t go that far.”
Steve didn’t know why he believed that something would show up on the screen once the technician pressed the transducer to his belly. His entire focus is on the screen. He can’t bring himself to look away, a part of him hoping he’d see the tiny form in the center.
James slowly crawls closer to his mother, his scent still tinged with fear and uncertainty. Steve keeps his arms open, holding his breath when his pup gets closer and closer. Once James is close enough, Steve wraps his arms around him. James clings to Steve tightly, leaning up to nose around Steve’s neck, searching for the spot that offers the most comfort.
“What did you say?” Tony asks.
Peter shakes his head. “Not really.”
Tony eyes him closely. “Yeah? Well then in that case grab blondie and let’s bounce. I miss my bed. And coffee.”
“He needs some space,” Steve explains and he waves his mate over to meet the other two pups.
“O-okay.”
“I know how you can cope with this,” Tony says, pulling away and keeping his hands over Peter’s shoulders. “You said you were struggling and I think I know what to do.”
“I’m not. I’m calm...I’m...I’m fine. Do you want to change?” Happy questions.
The rest of the pups are just as happy. James and Harley are getting their fill on muffins, juice, and other goodies they find. A part of Steve hates them ruining their appetite, but the other half tells him to let them enjoy this.
“Ah. So he’s not...never mind. I’ll be right down.”
Steve chuckles and pecks Tony on the lips, then he gets up so he can get ready for bed. He slips off his shirt and tosses it into the hamper. He can feel Tony’s gaze on him, no doubt checking him out like he always does. It’s not until he turns to catch him in the act does he notice the confused expression on Tony’s face.
Tony peers up. “Hmm?”
“Stop! Please stop! Don’t! Please!”
“It’s okay,” Tony says again. “I wasn’t expecting you to. You don’t have to tell me.”
“It’s her favorite, and you know she needs it to calm down.”
He decides to give her a little backstory, making sure to only mention the pup he lost and not the ones he birthed and had ripped away.
“Don’t talk about them. They’re gone for good. It’s just you, me and Peter; our family. That’s it okay?”
“More like terrified.”
It wasn’t a complete lie. Peter’s kicks and punches had been growing stronger everyday. The poor pup was running out of room to properly stretch. Steve didn’t blame him, but he would like for the kicks to not be so harsh.
Alpha comes closer, his dress shoes clicking against the floor with each step. Steve keeps his eyes locked on the icy blue ones, emitting another warning growl when Alpha is too close. The alpha only smirks in response to the omega’s warning.
Tony joins Steve back on the bed, stretching one hand out to place over Steve’s thigh and remind him that he was still there. Steve jumps at the contact, then relaxes when Tony gently rubs circles along his leg and slides higher toward the inside of his thigh.
“Oh.” Bruce’s frown deepens. “Steve, I’m so sorry. I didn’t-”
“Honey, wake up. Steve.”
“He’s in good hands.”
“Don’t remind me. I should’ve gone with you. At least then you wouldn't have been dropped off in the middle of the night by Mr. Pierce and looking like this.”
“I’m not the only one.”
Steve hasn’t been the same since they brought Morgan home. The first week with their daughter had been an adjustment; it wasn’t easy caring for a newborn, but somehow they were making it work. Steve had been fine-tired, but fine nonetheless. In fact, there were times when he seemed more than fine. Tony got used to the sparkling smile that Steve wore whenever he was around their daughter.
with his kids. God he had to wean them off that bratty pig.
They were better off friends. At least, that’s what Steve wanted to believe. But even a friendship was becoming difficult to manage. They had to make it work somehow. If not for themselves, then for their son.
Steve’s eyes grow shiny with tears. A few escape and Tony wipes them away. He pulls Steve close when a choked sob escapes him.
He couldn’t have a baby now. Not when he was only 17 and still had his whole life ahead of him. There was so much he wanted to do, and wanted to see. He had college to think about, his social life, a job. All of that was gone now.
He’s not sure how much time he spent upstairs, but it must have been long because Jarvis interrupts to remind him of dinner and a missed call from Tony.
Happy huffs. “I’ll be outside then.”
“Sometimes, yeah. It wasn’t supposed to really happen, but I’m glad it did. I wondered if Peter was for a reason and...yeah I think he is. We were falling apart before him and now-”
“Kid, I swear-”
“Did the baby…” Peter begins to say and then quickly stops himself. “Sorry. It’s none of my business.”
“I see. We’re not here to talk business, are we?”
It’s a few minutes later when they both emerge from the bathroom and Peter is rushing downstairs to show off his costume. Tony is lounging on the sofa when his son and husband come down to greet him, and he peers up when he senses their presence, a smile forming on his face.
“Everything I guess. I’m happy to be home.”
Steve inhales sharply at the last name mentioned. Iron Man was still around, saving New York occasionally. But Steve was beginning to see less and less of him. Maybe Tony walked away from his suits for good too.
“Do you have any-” Steve starts to say, only to stop when Pepper shakes her head.
“I don’t know. He claims it is. Honestly the whole night is a little fuzzy-”
“Really? Is that a good idea? I thought you wanted to keep this to yourself?”
“Really?” Steve frowns, not entirely convinced that his husband wasn’t feeling any pain. He’s never experienced labor-nor will he ever unfortunately-but he’s heard it’s not a pain-free experience. Perhaps Tony’s pain tolerance was strong. He hands Tony the bag, his frown deepening when Tony rummages through it to pull out his Stark pad. “Really? You brought it anyway?”
Peter opens his eyes, fresh tears spilling from them and sets them on Bucky’s face. He frowns at the unfamiliar features.
Pepper sighs again. “Don’t apologize. I know you’re busy dealing with...something I don’t understand. I just hope you’re taking care of yourself.”
He gets his answer when she begins to cry. Tony lets out a heavy sigh, hating the fact that he had to wake up his tired husband. It was times like this when he wishes he could bottle feed her.
Crawling back into his own bed, Steve is once again drifting off.
The last person Tony expected to see was Alexander Pierce. It had been weeks since their last encounter, and honestly, Tony thought they’d never cross paths again. It wasn’t that he didn’t like the man, but he wouldn’t consider them best friends. Even acquaintances wasn’t the right word to describe their relationship.
Sam’s hand is led to the place where the baby was moving and he smiles when he feels the gentle push from inside. “Wow. That’s crazy.”
“Searched for? What kind of mess did you get involved in now?”
It’s tempting to remain by Steve’s side and try and get some much needed rest, but sleep is the last thing on his mind. He makes sure Steve is still sleeping before getting out of bed and leaving the room.
“It’s a hologram. Pretty cool, huh?”
Peter saved them.
“Do you even have to ask?”
“‘M tired.”
“Thank you but I’ll be okay. I don’t want to make you do that for nothing.”
He’s greeted with a slight breeze and the warmth of the sun. Usually he likes to be out before the sun, but with how his night was spent, he gets a late start. He’s panting heavily by the time he finishes his first lap and his face is hot and sweaty. He stops halfway through his second lap to catch his breath, his lungs burning and stomach coiling painfully. He groans and places a hand over his belly, eyes squeezing shut when the pain worsens.
Tony groans and increases the movements of his hips, fucking into the omega at an unforgiving pace. The room fills with the strong stench of their mating and the sound of their hips meeting. Tony grips the omega tightly, eyes falling shut and mouth hanging open. The pleasure was unlike anything he’s ever experienced.
“Steve, what’s wrong?” Natasha’s voice takes on a more serious tone and she places a hand over his knee.
He’s already started designing a nursery.
Peter waves his goodbyes to the rest of the team. He doesn’t let them know he heard a bit of their conversation.
“You know me so well.”
“He is and his name isn’t Tony Junior,” Steve says, chuckling when the alpha frowns. “Jarvis did give me a suggestion though.”
Tony leans back in his chair and folds his arms over his chest. “We met?” He asks, gesturing between the two of them. “Can you be more specific? I meet a lot of people and I think I’d remember you. I mean, you do seem very familiar.”
“You have nothing to apologize for. This stuff happens to everyone. It happens to me sometimes.” Tony glances down at where his hands are still resting on Steve’s shoulders. He removes them quickly, not wanting to upset the omega more than he already was. He mutters an apology and leans back to give Steve space.
Not even ten minutes later they’re in one of Tony’s cars and speeding toward the compound. Peter’s phone has been going off ever since the first text. None of the messages are from his uncle Bucky; all the incoming texts and calls are from his aunt.
“Tony can get her. It’s okay.”
“He-he’s gone. Dad, he’s gone.” Peter sobs into Tony’s chest.
Steve leans forward, resting his hands on Tony’s shoulders and pushes again. He screams through it, then he’s slumping back. He musters enough energy to lift his head and he meets Tony’s eyes before darting down to what Tony has in his arms.
“We’ll talk about living arrangements okay?”
“J, stop!” Tony immediately calls out and the room falls silent. “Skip this part.”
He rummages through his room until he finds what he’s looking for then he’s rushing back into the bathroom.
Peter sighs sadly and sits crossed legged in front of the stone base. He follows the line of other gifts left behind, wondering if everyone else was hurting just as bad he was.
“No,” Natasha smiles softly. “And you better not leave either.”
“Then...then how come I don’t feel it? How come there are days when I wish...when I wish I wasn’t-Tony, I can’t do this. I’m a horrible parent and she knows it and-”
“Thank you, but hopefully you won’t have to. You need to rest, too,” Steve says.
“I know you liked Harley.”
“You’re done controlling me. I belong to no one,” Steve fires back, his hands rolling into fists, ready to collide them with Pierce’s jaw.
“Good. I mean he cried a bit and then I might have cried. Honestly, it wasn’t too bad.”
“Because it’s Iron Man!”
“And he’s not getting you or the baby. I won’t let him. I said I’d do whatever I had to to keep you safe, and I will. You’re safe here, Steve. He can’t hurt you anymore.”
The thick woods surrounding the compound comes into view. It was the only way out. Steve runs faster, putting as much distance as he can between himself and the Hydra agents behind him.
“I pissed him off! I don’t even know what he’s talking about!” Happy exclaims.
Steve chokes back a sob and wipes at his nose with the sleeve of his shirt, only to cry harder when he realizes he’s created a stain on the fabric with his tears. Now his shirt was ruined.
Steve smiles. “I guess I have nothing to worry about.”
Tony is left panting when Steve breaks the kiss. He watches intently as Steve works his belt open, their connected gaze never breaking. There’s a smirk forming over Steve’s lips once he has the belt undone and Tony’s jeans unbuttoned. Steve doesn’t waste anymore time in freeing Tony’s cock and wrapping his lips around the head.
Steve growls and lunges after him, but then someone is yanking him back and forcing him against the wall, his head hitting the hard surface with an audible thud.
Bruce can’t bring himself to finish that thought. He didn’t want to think about the little pup he helped bring into the world.
Steve slowly nods his head.
Steve winces. “I like dogs.”
“I know. I’m just saying. I wanted to help you out and then I learned about the pup and…” Tony trails off, deciding to divert his attention back on the device. Steve can’t help but frown. He wonders what he did or said that could’ve made Tony shut down.
“Oh shit,” Tony mutters and gulps down another drink of coffee. “I gotta go. Pep will kill me if I’m late again.”
“You okay? How bad is it?”
That captures Steve’s attention and he lifts his head, brows furrowed. “What?”
“He’ll be fine,” Happy assures.
The footage JARVIS has decided to broadcast is the day Steve first moved into the tower along with the rest of the Avengers. Tony had thought it would be fun(and obnoxious) to record it all. Steve appeared the most annoyed, not a fan of being recorded. Especially when he was still trying to adjust to a new world, a new home, and new friends.
“Hmm. If you say so. Hey maybe we can get you new clothes too. You know, to be more comfortable.”
“How come you didn’t tell us? He would’ve understood.”
Tony comes over and takes the gift, giving it a little shake. “Did Jarvis make the suggestion or-”
Tony gives a small shrug in response. “Could be. And if it is then there’s less of a chance of her turning out like me.”
“I’m really sorry, Pete,” Bucky apologizes. He doesn’t know how many times he said those words, only for them to go ignored each time. He hopes they don’t this time.
“That have a baby.”
Bucky smiles proudly. “I knew it.”
Steve whines sadly. That’s all Tony needs to know.
Steve rarely curses like this, meaning it must feel good for him. It’s starting to feel good for Tony, too. The sting is starting to diminish and pleasure is taking over, coursing through him in electrifying sparks. Steve is thrusting faster now, filling the room with a mixture of his pleasured sounds and their hips meeting.
“He’s in bed right now. He doesn’t feel very good.”
“Yeah.”
“I think everyone did except him.” Clint chuckles.
But now Steve was struggling.
Steve was happier; Tony has never seen his husband so happy. The smile that appeared on his face when he first stepped through the front door of their apartment was one of the brightest Tony has seen in awhile. And the tears Steve cried had no hurt behind them. The pain was gone.
“Yep. It always turns into a fight.”
The other omega sighs and shakes her head again. She walks over to Tony and takes the coffee that’s meant for her.
Bruce sighs. “I do agree with therapy. Clearly they’re showing signs of physical, mental, and even emotional abuse. I’m not too concerned about the gaps they have; that could be taken care of. I can recommend someone if you’d like.”
“Thanks, Happy.” Peter shoots the bodyguard a quick smile, then he takes Flash’s hand and leads him up the stairs.
“He shouldn’t have to be here at all.”
“T-Tony...gonna…”
Steve’s stomach churns. He wasn’t going to let that happen again.
“You’re not going to take me back?” Steve asks.
Despite their best efforts, they’re unable to find a costume Peter actually likes. He didn’t go for the typical pirate or ninja, and he wasn’t feeling it when Tony provided the options of vampire or werewolf. Tony even tried more cute options like pumpkins or puppies. Nothing. Nada. Peter hated all of them.
“Maybe.” Tony agrees and Peter’s expression softens. “Your life would be easier, right? You’d have Steve and all of the Avengers. Life would be good. So yeah, maybe it should have been me. I don’t have anything good to offer.”
“And what about all that stuff you said? Was any of that real? Answer me. Since you’re standing here demanding if the feelings I had for you were real then tell me if the ones who had for me meant something. Did it?”
“I already had this conversation with him. I don’t need one with you.”
And it was just his luck to bump into her. Literally.
Having a baby was the last thing Steve expected. For years he had put off the idea of settling down and starting a family to focus on being the hero America needed. The simple life was what he had wanted at one point in time, but that life just didn’t exist anymore when he picked up the shield.
“Hurts!” Steve cries.
Sam peers over his shoulder at his husband, and with a sigh, turns back to the vegetables he’s cutting up for dinner.
Steve takes another shaky breath; his eyes growing brighter with tears.
“Oh. Was this with that-never mind. It’s none of my business.”
“Just wanted to get this done.” Tony finishes up filling the top drawer, then he’s giving Steve his undivided attention. “How are you feeling?”
He begs for forgiveness.
“You okay?” Tony asks, turning away for a moment to take two mugs out of the cabinet and fills them. He peers up just in time to notice the way Steve’s eyes shine with tears.
“Steve?” The doctor’s voice is in his ears again. “Steve, I need you to stay awake okay? You still need to pass the placenta.”
The dog comes closer, his long nails clicking against the floor and he stops beside Tony’s side. Tony moves his hand away when something wet brushes against his skin.
“Wash quickly,” Rollins orders.
Steve rolls his eyes. “Left it all for me again.”
Tony sniffs. “Anything?”
“I want to touch you.”
“Hmm? Oh. Sorry.” Steve flushes and glances down at his lap to hide his blush.
Steve nods and he allows Tony to pull him to his feet. He staggers, relying on Tony to hold him upright. Tony eyes him closely, first starting from his tear-streaked face and all the way down to his bloodied thighs. There was so much blood. It couldn’t be normal.
“If you want to talk about it-”
“Okay.” Peter nods.
“Good to know. I hope you find him,” Tony says and he rises to his feet.
“Maybe you need to hear it again because you did the exact same thing I did. I had too much to drink and one thing led to another and...well, you know what happens next.” Steve playfully nudges his son’s side, chuckling softly when Peter’s face heats up with embarrassment.
Tony doesn’t hesitate to respond. “You’re worth everything.”
“What happened?” Ned asks
Tony assists by leading his cock to Steve’s hole and pressing against the rim. Steve whimpers and shuts his eyes when he’s penetrated. His mouth falls open and his eyes squeeze shut even tighter when Tony fills him up. He whimpers again and splays his palms over Tony’s chest to steady himself.
Tony sighs and turns his chair so he can face Pepper. “Honestly I don’t know. They want nothing to do with me and that’s fine. I’m the one who screwed it up.”
“I won’t hurt him. I already caused enough harm. I’m moving forward and changing for him. He’s all I care about.”
“You can use mine. You actually left a few things here and um…” Steve’s face heats up and he rubs a hand along the back of his neck. He knew he should have returned the clothing Tony left behind, but being caught up with his role as Captain of the team and not completely healing from the breakup prevented him from giving Tony all of his belongings back.
“Is fine. Come on!”
“Thanks, Buck.”
“I don’t even know who I am anymore,” Steve says, “I think the old me went into the ice and never came out. He’s gone.”
Their hands are on each other again and their lips are moving at a much faster pace. The soft, gentle kisses they previously shared was replaced with a more harsher, desperate version.
“I love you.” Tony ducks down to press a kiss to Steve’s belly. He peers up when fingers brush through his hair and he smiles at the blue eyes staring down at him. “Hi.”
There is a hesitation to enter the bathroom. He wishes he could nail the door shut and they pretend the room was never there. It’s difficult to see the blood, but the smell is far worse. The metallic scent lingers over everything. It makes Tony’s stomach churn.
Steve glances down at his son and smiles. “Yeah. I think I am.”
“Please tell me you mean like a week.”
Clint scoffs. “So you’re telling me that you couldn’t even flip on the news? Your son needed you on the worst day of his life-”
“Someone has to keep you from falling apart. I guess I was too late,” Rhodey frowns.
The second he’s gone, Bucky slumps in his seat and sighs.
“I think I finally found it. Oh and real quick, can you make sure no one else gets the memo about my party? It’s a small thing.”
Natasha pulls away and gently strokes his cheek. “I know.” she smiles softly. “you’re a brave, strong boy.”
His mother also taught him to never listen in on others' private conversations.
“I got him,” Sam rushes toward the pup and scoops him up before he can get into any trouble. “What are you doing, huh?” Sam asks and tickles the pup, causing Harley to giggle.
“Then how do you know? For all you know he could have made it up for money or publicity. Stories like that happen all the time.”
Tony frowns. “Honey, you okay?”
“You can talk to me. I’m always here if you want to gush about cute boys or vent about school or how being a teenage girl is the worst thing in the world. I’m here for those things.”
Tony continues to hit that spot every time, wanting to hear more of the delicious sounds Steve is making. It’s not until Steve’s hand flies down to grip his wrist is he forced to stop.
“No, it’s okay. I’m fine. Trust me.”
“Nothing,” Steve says with a shrug of his shoulders. He’s gathering the plates and plastic blue forks while Tony gets the cake prepared. His back is turned but Steve was almost positive Tony was adding candles to one side.
“I understand. I give you all the information and you can go from there.”
That grabs the billionaire’s attention and Tony turns back around. He removes his sunglasses. “What did you say?”
Steve says his goodbyes and then begins the drive home.
Pepper is the first to acknowledge him. “He went to get the cake. Wasn’t he with you?”
Peter can only cross his fingers and hope everything goes smoothly. His papa would be so proud.
“He’s just leaving!” Peter says.
Tony scrambles to his feet and rushes toward the bathroom, only to stop when Steve takes his hand and pulls him close. Steve brings him into a kiss.
“Yes. He’s expecting. We’ve been trying for some time now.”
“Tony, I don’t-”
“Fine. I’ll go too.”
“I wouldn’t say that,” Steve frowns. “We’re doing our best.”
“Something just flew toward the base,” it’s Bruce who replies. Steve suddenly wishes he had the green guy with them and not on the jet.
“I got you, boss,” the beta promises and carefully eases the alpha out of the vehicle.
“Um.” Peter glances down at himself and frowns at the wrinkled state his t-shirt was in. He could easily hide it with his hoodie if had to.
“It’ll be okay.” Natasha places a hand over Tony’s shoulder and rubs the area soothingly. “We’re here for you.”
The response had been so low that Tony was almost sure he had missed it. “Steve?” He asks, getting a nod in response. “Okay. Listen, I’m sorry about Happy almost hitting you back there.”
“Don’t be afraid,” Steve says, his voice soft. “It’s going to hurt, but you’re so strong.”
“I know, I know. But we’ll be okay. We’ll get through this.”
, Tony thinks to himself but it’s difficult to listen to that thought when the omega thrusts up again. He gives in, situating himself between the omega’s spread legs and rubbing himself against the omega, staining his expensive suit pants with slick.
Tony makes sure his husband is comfortable before leaving to check on their son and call Steve’s doctor. He doesn’t make it very far and he stops outside the room, leaning against the closed door and letting the back of his head hit it with a soft thud. His eyes burn from the tears he’s been trying to hold back.
Peter is lounging around in the living room when they step through the front door. Morgan is in her bassinet beside him, sleeping peacefully.
“Push. I see her. Just keep pushing,” Happy instructs.
“I don’t think fighting is going to be enough. It’s us and them...we’re outnumbered.”
“Dude, let it go,” Sam says.
“I have no problem with that,” Tony jokes, ignoring the way Steve frowns at him. “But if you want to name him Benjamin then we can.”
“It’s fine,” Steve assures. “We’ll figure this out.”
“Yep.” Tony nods and takes a bite of the chocolate cupcake, humming in delight. He reaches out to grab another and he places it on the plate. He hears Steve chuckle. “Shut it, I’m pregnant.”
Peter frowns. “Is he okay?”
“W-what did I do? Is the diaper too tight?”
“Let me go!” Steve screams, struggling against the alpha holding him tightly. Steve manages to break free and spin around, connecting his fist with the alpha’s jaw. “Don’t,” Steve growls when the alpha takes a step toward him.
“Yes he does. That’s why he targeted you. This baby is supposed to be their next leader. They needed a genius, and that’s you. You’re the alpha they wanted.”
Staring at Tony is difficult now. The alpha’s face is decorated with deep purple, bruises and dried blood. It’s just a painful reminder to Steve. He was the one who brought harm to his mate.
Steve stays behind after another one of his meetings to help Sam rearrange the room. It’s become something he finds himself enjoying more than the meetings. It wasn’t to say that he didn’t enjoy the talks with the other group members, but talking one on one with Sam was what Steve looked forward to the most.
They walk toward the door and Tony stops. He can’t bring himself to leave. It’s like Steve can sense his hesitation because he’s pulling him close again and connecting their lips. The kiss is familiar; it’s one they share whenever one of them leaves the other. It’s a goodbye kiss with a promise behind it, a promise of them reuniting again.
Tony opens his mouth to respond, only for the words to get lost and a curse leaving his lips instead. Peter grins and applies more of the ointment, emitting another curse from his dad.
“Are you sure? I don’t want to keep you up. You know I won’t sleep,” Tony says.
“I guess I need a new room, Alpine.”
The simple life his papa wanted was never going to exist. They weren’t going to get the chance to live in Brooklyn.
“Red is definitely your color.” Tony grins and hands Steve the extra glass.
“Hey, it’s okay. We don’t have to do anything you don’t want to do. I didn’t tell the press about you for a reason. I know you’re not ready, and that’s okay.”
The door to the apartment is opening and in walks Tony, large shopping bags in both hands and a smile on his face. He’s dressed in dark jeans and a black t-shirt with a skeleton on the front. He reminds Steve of a kid...a really big kid. But that was exactly what Tony was.
The door to the office opens and Natalie pokes her head. Pepper is ready to tell her to wait outside, but the look on her assistant’s face has her reconsidering.
(See the end of the chapter for
By the time Steve does get out of bed, Morgan is nearly done with her bottle. Tony glances up when he hears him come in the living room, one brow raising when he finds his husband dressed for the day.
“Dammit,” Tony mutters under his breath. He presses a little harder on the accelerator. “Steve, listen to me. I’m almost home. I’ll be there. Just like I promised. But I need you to calm down. Can you do that for me?”
All he can do is suffer through it. He’s glad he has Bucky by his side. He couldn’t imagine having to do this alone.
“Please?”
Tony lets out a heavy sigh and pulls his hands free from Steve’s. The omega doesn’t chase after him.
So then why the hell was he here?
Steve wants nothing more than to go back to simpler times. He’d give anything to live through those moments again.
He exhales slowly and leans back in his chair, gripping the paper close to his chest. There’s a sense of relief hanging over him now that he knows the truth, but he can’t help but feel overwhelmed by the news. He doesn’t understand why he would have such feelings when he had decided early on that he would take care of the pup no matter what the test revealed. He promised Steve that he’d keep both him and his unborn child safe. That promise wasn’t going to change.
“I know. Pete’s a good kid. I just...she’s so young and I feel awful for leaving her now. We’ve never been separated before,” Steve says.
The depression. It’s always going to be depression. It was always going to hang over Steve like a rain cloud. Tony wasn’t going to let that cloud downpour over Steve. The storm don’t last forever. it will eventually run out of rain.
I told myself I wasn’t going to update but then I finished the chapter and thought maybe spoiling you guys wasn’t that bad...right? 🤔
But then Tony is driving up toward a lake surrounded by trees and shuts off the ignition. He turns toward Steve and smiles again.
It was over.
“That’s not you. You’re not like him.”
“I didn’t know you,” Steve continues. “I didn’t know if I’d ever see you again. And then I did and I guess I thought it was a sign, a sign that maybe we were meant to meet, maybe we were meant to be together and raise this baby.”
“Sure. You can be whoever you want. If you want to take my place then it’s yours.”
“Hey, you’re not. You did nothing wrong. He hurt you, Steve. He did. He’s the monster.”
“That’s it.”
Tony finds that he doesn’t have to try too hard to adjust his mood. For once he’s not complaining about his sore back or the heartburn-never say never because eventually he’s going to start once he helps himself to the food- and he’s able to enjoy the party his friends have thrown for him.
“You think! We’re not even dating! Why would you tell him that!”
He wonders how he got so lucky.
“He’s perfect.” Steve’s eyes fill with tears and a few roll down his face. He had been emotional on the day he had his firstborn too, but these tears were not just for happiness, they were also tears of relief. He had another son, a healthy, baby boy that was his to love and cherish. He wasn’t going to lose this one.
“I’m not wrong. It’s a girl.”
Steve is sobbing uncontrollably now, the grip he has on Tony tightening with each painful sound he makes. Tony can only hold him and whisper softly. But he wants to do more. He wants to go back and prevent this from ever happening.
Steve answers anyway. “A lot. He had other alphas for when I was in heat but...sometimes...sometimes he wanted me for himself. He’s very jealous. I was his property...he could do whatever he wanted and I had to do it.”
“Thank you, Tony.”
Steve’s not sure how long they stay like this. He enjoys the warmth and comfort Tony brings. For the first time he feels content, he feels safe.
“When are we having this pup?” Steve asks as he turns away to finish preparing breakfast.
“You better go,” Steve says, stepping forward to take their son. Tony releases a heavy sigh and passes Peter into Steve’s arms.
Steve keeps himself busy in the kitchen, using the cake he’s prepared for Tony as his distraction. He can hear the cheery voices of Tony and his friends in the other room, and the sound is enough to bring a smile to his face. He was glad Tony was enjoying himself. He deserved it.
“I want to know.”
“For now.” Bruce nods. He’s already out of his seat and is no longer standing near his laptop. “I just need to run some tests and then we can look at that baby of yours.”
“I can hold him and you sleep.”
“What do we do? P-Pete…”
“N-no,” Steve whimpers, refusing to give into the pleasure. The alpha’s touch burned against his skin.
Their second chance was coming true.
“Fine.”
“We’re going shopping for Pete. But since we’re out we can get you some new pants and...shirts.”
“Pete.”
“Hey can you speed it up? Miss Potts is wondering where I am.”
“Steve wanted that for him too,” Bruce points out.
“They’ll be fine. Make sure no one comes into this room until I’m ready,” Pierce commands, then with a snap of his finger, the two alpha’s follow after their leader.
“Me too.”
And I know Alpine is from the comics but Bucky needs a friend right now. He lost his best friend and a child. He needs some hugs!
He doesn’t fuss when Steve takes him out of the car seat and cradles him. He remains fast asleep, content in his father’s arms. The team is welcoming, but understands that Peter needed some time to get accustomed to his new home and all the new people.
Then the doctor points at the monitor and says, “It’s a boy.”
“Hey, what’s wrong? You can talk to me.”
“It’s okay,” Tony does his best to assure.
Steve chuckles softly and moves across the room to attend to the piles of baby clothes that desperately need a home. He works quietly on folding the clothes that are ridiculously small, only reminding him of the tiny person they’re meant for.
Steve steadies himself on his forearms, not wanting to apply too much pressure to the delicate bump between them. His own belly brushes against Tony’s. It’s smaller in comparison and for a moment that other half of his brain reminds him to think about it again, but then the pleasure is taking over and he’s forgetting about it.
Peter is sleeping peacefully when Steve enters the nursery. He hates that he has to disturb him from their first good night together.
With a huff Steve reaches over for his phone, finding the number he wants, only to hesitate to make the call. He wondered where Tony was or what he was doing; if he’d even answer his phone call.
At the mention of his pups, Steve jumps out of his seat and Tony follows.
Bruce’s mouth gapes open. “Five? He’s had five pups?”
They reach a door and that’s where they find the beta from before, only this time he smells different than when Steve first scented him in the base. He smells of cherries and lilac.
Darkness surrounds him, then he goes limp.
Steve’s eyes flicker down toward the drink in Tony’s hand before settling back on Tony’s face. “You’re ignoring me. If the sex was bad-”
Peter voices his complaints about the new position, whimpering again when he’s no longer on his father’s chest. Steve shushes him quietly as he gently pats his son’s back. It takes a few minutes before Peter is releasing a small burp. It’s messy when more than just air escapes and Tony quickly grabs the burping cloth to aid in cleanup.
“Hey,” Tony comes over and takes a seat on the bed beside Steve. “He’s okay. Bruce isn’t going to hurt him.”
“T-Tony…” Steve stammers and ducks his head down so that he can bury it in Tony’s neck. He pants heavily as he increases the pace of hips, begging his stamina to keep up. For the first time it fails him.
They haven’t noticed yet but sooner or later they were going to find out. His scent always gives him away. No matter how hard he tries to be discreet, his scent lets everyone in on his secret.
“It’s okay to be curious,” Bucky says softly and gently smoothes out the wrinkles he’s created in the tiny shirt. “And yeah...the baby…I lost it.”
“Guys, stop. I don’t know what the baby is yet. Does it matter?” Steve asks.
“Yours?” The alpha questions and he shakes his head. Steve has never seen him so disappointed. “She doesn’t belong to you. She belongs to Hydra.”
Bucky grumbles again and scoffs. He doesn’t say it out loud, but he hates the idea of his nephew becoming an Avenger. The job was dangerous and usually resulted in someone getting hurt. That last person had been his husband. It took his best friend away from him too. He didn’t want to lose anyone else.
Bruce sighs again and nods his head.
“For our future kiddos. Maybe a girl this time.”
“Poor thing’s worn out,” Tony says and he sits down in the chair beside the bed, cradling his son and pressing a kiss to his head.
“I don’t care.”
Listen to your gut, Bucky! Don’t worry he’ll figure it out 😉
“Hold on.” Tony rises to his feet and disappears to the kitchen. He returns a few minutes later with a glass of water. Steve tries not to react when the alpha sits closer to him. “Here,” he hands Steve the glass. “This should help.”
Steve is out of his seat in seconds and rushing toward his son, pulling him into his arms and hugging him close. One hand rests on Peter’s back and the other cradles his head, comforting him the way he used to when Peter was younger.
“Tony-” The gun is pressed a little harder into the side of Tony’s head and Steve cries out. “Okay! Okay. Just don’t hurt him. Take me instead.”
“I don’t know why,” Clint grumbles and crosses his arms over his chest. Natasha sends a glare his way and he drops his arms to his side.
“I think it is. Should I ask him out? Maybe tomorrow night, six o’clock?”
“I hope so. I just checked on them,” Tony chuckles.
Steve nods and does as he’s told, knowing better than to disobey orders. Tony leaves soon after, shutting the door on his way out. Steve heaves out a sigh and glances around the room, deciding it was good enough for him and his pup. They’ve been in worse places.
For once Steve isn’t awoken by a dreadful nightmare. The slight pressure on his chest isn’t because of the alpha that used to keep him pinned down. The scent that fills Steve’s nose is pleasant, reminding him of home, safety, and love.
“I think you’ll change your mind.”
As long as they had each other, they’d be okay.
Tony learns more of what kind of person Steve was. Steve was still the same heroic Captain that Tony knew him to be, but he was also a good friend and a good father. He sacrificed everything for the ones he loved. Their feelings and needs always came before his own.
JARVIS must be upset. It’s been two hours since the AI stopped interacting. Two hours since Tony got home and locked himself away. Two hours since he reached for the bottle.
“Steve, it’s okay. I love doing this.”
“Hey, sweetie,” Steve greets her with a kiss on the head. “You’re up early.”
Their bedroom is a mess. Pictures of them have been knocked off the walls, broken glass scattering the floor. Steve is huddled on the floor near the edge of the bed, one hand tugging roughly on his hair while he cries and his other hand is resting in his lap, covered in red.
Steve doesn’t respond; he can’t. He grips the door handle and squeezes, no doubt crushing it and destroying more of the car. Tony shouldn’t mind.
Peter shakes his head. “I don’t know. I think I know what I want to do.”
Sam was easier to open up to. They could talk about anything and everything. Most of their conversations consisted of Sam trying to catch Steve up to date on what he’s missed. Apparently Steve’s missed so much that he’s started to keep a journal of everything just so he can remind himself.
“Yeah.”
“J, lock up the lab.”
“You don’t know that.”
“I just want to talk.”
, he thinks to himself. The baby was gone and they could move on and not have to worry about it anymore. That was easier said than done of course. Steve needed time to heal, and Tony would be there for him.
Tony was used to having people recognize him. Everyday he was meeting someone off the street that knew his name. And usually it didn’t affect him. But this omega was different.
“T-Tony?” Steve whimpers, his eyes still full of fear.
“You’re so perfect,” Tony praises and he leans down to connect their lips again. “So beautiful.” .
“C-coming!” He calls back, hating how shaky his voice sounds. He clears his throat and rushes toward the vanity to make himself presentable.
Steve smiles and leans back against the porch swing, sipping from his own mug and letting his eyes take in the quiet scenery. The night ambiance echoes around them, making the scene more relaxed.
“I’m trying to believe that. I swear.”
Steve lets out a small sigh and leans against the counter, folding his arms over his chest. “It’s going to be...a lot. I know this isn’t something you signed up for and we broke up-”
“Are you okay?” Peter asks. “What happened?”
Getting over Steve is a lot harder than Tony anticipated. Steve wasn’t like past partners and one nightstands; everyone before him was easier to forget. But Steve was never going to be like anyone else. He was different from the start.
“Fine, I guess. Happy and I were watching tv.”
Steve doesn’t want to wake him and he hates the sound Peter makes when he does. He gets a few good burps out of him before putting Peter back to bed.
“Morning sickness?”
“No,” Tony chuckles. “Master Peter is fine. He’ll like it.”
“Damn it. Fine. Fine! Just tonight.”
“I don’t know how to say this,” Tony starts. His head is throbbing again. That’s what he gets for skipping out on caffeine this morning. “Okay, here’s what’s up. That omega, guy, Steve. That’s his name by the way. He um how do I put this...so Happy almost hit him with the car yesterday-”
Pepper chuckles. “It gets easier. How is he?”
Steve chuckles and buries his face in the crook of his mate’s neck, inhaling the comforting scent. “You scared me,” he mumbles against Tony’s neck.
I’ll update soon!
Steve is ready to call it quits and have Tony take over. It was too much. Maybe this was why Alpha never let him be a mother to the pups. He didn’t know how to be one.
Peter already knows what to do once he gets to the tower. He had sent his dad a text beforehand, letting him know he was coming over. Happy is waiting for him at the private entrance, opening the door and quickly ushering Peter inside. Peter is confused at first by the bodyguard’s urgency, then he realizes Happy’s on the phone.
Tony shakes his head. “Turn it off please? I can’t look at him.”
“Fuck, Tony!” Steve’s back arches off the bed and his eyes flutter shut when Tony starts to move. He trails a hand between them, taking his leaking cock into his hand and stroking it in time with Tony’s thrusts.
Peter doesn’t bother trying to defend his dad. Tony Stark was kind of a dick. And maybe Peter only thought so because of the history between his parents. He told himself he’d never hold a grudge, but some days it was hard not to.
They’re such a cute family!
Steve cuddles up against him. “I hope so.”
He pushes his discomfort to the side to collect what was left of the stolen weapons. Then he’s reaching out to his team.
“I know. But you need to heal and this might help. What is the one thing you wish you could’ve said to him?”
Steve whimpers again and wraps his arms around himself, hugging his body tighter. “I still feel him.”
Steve chuckles and shakes his head. “You’re pregnant. That’s just our son.”
The room immediately fills with the sound of the baby’s heartbeat.
“Thanks,” Tony says. “That’s all me.”
“That’s okay,” Steve assures and rises to his feet. “You guys have time. And your dad and I are here if you need anything, okay?”
“Bruce-Doctor Banner will be here in ten minutes,” Tony informs.
Bringing back a dead Avenger was something SHIELD had been working on for years. The project came with multiple errors, but Nick was determined for it to work. His plan was kept secret. He couldn’t allow the Avengers in on the project until he was confident that it would be successful. They didn’t need any false hope.
“Anyway. I was going to take you to my penthouse but I think a drive would have to do. I don’t need questions.”
“Tests?”
“Exactly! You’re not that cruel.”
“Uh-huh.” Tony lies and pulls his hand away. He picks up his tablet and pretends to work again, hoping Steve would drop it and go to bed. He was complaining that he was tired all the time anyway.
He doesn’t tell her about Steve. No one talks about him anymore. Everyone assumes Tony is broken up about the divorce. They’re not wrong. But it’s his guilt that’s killing him.
“I think...I think I’m ready.”
He should be excited, but a part of him can’t get with the program. He’s heard the stories and the comments-mostly from his uncle-but he didn’t want to believe that his dad was that same person. Time was supposed to change a lot of things. He thought for sure it would’ve changed his dad too.
“I was just talking with the kid,” Happy explains.
“I’m okay,” Steve assures softly and he reaches out to touch Peter again, this time to brush away the messy strands of hair from his face. “Were you a good boy?”
It’s not until FRIDAY’s voice fill the room does Steve know why he’s awake.
Steve nods again. He liked the idea of his pups being out of the spotlight. Tony might be used to that sort of lifestyle but Steve and their children were not. Unfortunately, being mated to Tony meant having his face show up in a tabloid every now and then. But if he could keep the pups out of the media, at least for a while, then he’ll do it.
Steve nods, considering the idea. He wasn’t sure if he could retire yet. The world still needed saving. But then there was his son. Peter needed both of them, and the thought of leaving him for a mission made Steve consider hanging up the shield for good.
“Fuck, Tony,” Steve pants when Tony’s lips find their way to his neck. Steve moans and runs his fingers through Tony’s hair.
“I’m sure.” Steve steps into the room and sits down on the edge of the bed. Peter notices a book in his hand and he furrows his brows in confusion. Before he can ask what it is, his papa hands it to him. “This was mine. But I figured you might find it helpful.”
“Well this sucks. He’s taking his sweet ass time.” Tony glares down at his belly. “Come on, kiddo. You’re killing daddy here.”
“Morgan-”
Just as he expected, Bucky is in a good mood. Maybe getting the cat wasn’t a bad idea.
Pepper releases a sob, the sound snapping the doctor from his thoughts and rushing toward her. They weren’t that close, not like she was with Tony, but at a time like this, she needed someone to comfort her.
“Tiny Tony.”
Tony squeezes his eyes shut, fighting back his own tears. This wasn’t supposed to have happened. They were supposed to be welcoming their second child in a few months. They were supposed to be one big happy family. But all of that was stolen from them.
“I’m not saying you shouldn’t. But if you’re going down that route then…” Tony trails off and he pushes the cart further down the aisle until he’s found what he’s looking for. “You’re gonna need this,” he says, picking up a box and showing it to Steve.
It finally registers that he is probably breaking bones and Steve releases Happy’s hand. “I’m sorry! I didn’t mean-”
“You mean the parent version?”
The scene is different. Harley is splayed out in his bed, snoring loudly with his blankets thrown off and one arm hanging off the bed. Steve shakes his head with a small chuckle and steps into the room to adjust his son.
Or worse.
Morgan is up a few hours later, just like Tony knew she would be. He sets aside his tablet, giving his full attention to his daughter. She fusses and squirms in his arms, her bottom lip jutting out and eyes squeezing shut.
“Let me see,” Natasha takes the album back and goes through it, stopping every now and then to laugh and make fun of any that had Bucky in them. He’s not amused and a playful banter breaks out between them.
“So good, baby.” Tony licks his lips clean and releases Steve’s spent cock. He knows his boyfriend will be ready to go in a minute.
“Mr. Stark was our original person of interest,” Agent Coulson answers. “We noticed he had been engaging in activity with Alexander Pierce.”
“I’m holding that baby later,” Bucky says before he leaves the room with Sam and Bruce.
Tony rips into the present, his curiosity winning over. He peels the paper away to reveal a wooden picture frame, and inside the frame is a sketch of himself. It’s of him down in the lab, working hard on another one of his projects. The sketch is detailed, as if Steve had taken his time to achieve as much realism as possible.
“Bedroom,” Steve murmurs and presses a kiss against Tony’s lips. His hands find their way to Tony’s belt, slipping his fingers in the loops of his jeans and tugging him forward.
“Why?”
It was relieving to continue to hear those words. His pup was healthy and safe. That was all Steve cared about.
Steve pulls off and uses his hand to stroke the hard flesh, his lips red and swollen and his pupils blown wide with arousal.
Peter sighs but backs off. He makes himself comfortable on the sofa, making sure he doesn’t mess up the clothing his dad has thrown on the cushion beside him. He turns in his seat so that he can continue to watch his dad work.
Tony’s eyes follow the beta man’s every move, his blood boiling when the order is followed out and his son’s blood is drawn. Peter’s piercing screams fill the room, the sound only angering his father even more.
“It’s not that. I guess I’m not used to…all this.” Steve gestures to the shelves. “There’s a lot of stuff these days.”
Thunder rolls in the distance, the clouds above him darkening. Peter doesn’t wait for long, not wanting to get caught in the storm. He doesn’t go home right away, unsure about facing his family. He doesn’t know how to tell them the truth.
“I’m trying.”
“I know and I’m sor-”
“Sorry,” Tony is the first to say. “Miss Potts, Pepper, she can be...she’s great, honest. I just didn’t expect her to meet you like this.”
Knowing that the hostages were safe, Steve pushes forward to finish the mission. Discovering the room that houses the stolen weapons was easy, but taking down the men guarding them proved to be the difficult part. That’s normally how it goes, but this time was different.
“-then I don’t want to hear it. We work together, Tony. It would unprofessional for you to discuss your love life-”
Tony scoffs and proceeds to connect the wooden pieces. “I just want to get this done.”
“Let’s try other things first. He gave you a list of suggestions right?”
“Me?” Tony asks, one brow raising up. “Okay. I mean I think I can build a smaller version of my suit. Which one do you like better Mark XLII or-”
“You lied to us!” Bucky’s voice raises.
This time Tony glances up, meeting the eyes of Alexander Pierce. “Wish I could say the same,” Tony replies.
“She?” Steve raises a questioning brow. “You think it’s a girl?”
“I...I don’t know.”
Alexander Pierce. Hydra. They were the reason why Steve decided to fight for others. They were the bullies he couldn’t stand. But they were also the ones that beat him down and broke him until he couldn’t remember what he had even been fighting for. Steve wasn’t a savior or a hero. He was just an omega. He had failed everyone. He had failed himself.
“You’ll come home soon,” Tony says and Steve peers up at him. He doesn’t miss the way his eyes fill with fresh tears. “I promise.”
Steve rises to his feet and Tony sighs. “Wait, don’t go. Steve-”
“Nope. My guard was just up.”
Peter grows braver and takes a few steps toward his dad. He peeks inside and chuckles softly. “See? It’s a little messy.”
With a yawn, Steve sets the book down on the nightstand and switches off the lamp, then he’s curling under the blankets. He’s out the moment his head hits the pillow.
Tony curls forward and screams, his face growing red from the strain. One of the nurses is holding his left leg while she counts down from ten. Tony only makes it to the number four before he’s stopping and gasping for air.
“I don’t know why you’re freaking out. It’s not affecting you,” Peter says, regretting the words immediately after they left his mouth. He peers up, expecting to find his dad pissed and ready to yell at him all over again.
“Thanks, buddy. Night.”
“We’ll be fine. It will be some time for us to bond. You’re welcome to join us.”
Peter sighs sadly. “I had wanted to see his face in the crowd today.”
Tony tenses, his grip on the screwdriver tightening. “Fine. Awkward as hell.”
“That’s not true.”
“She just wanted to check up on me. It was fine.”
“You didn’t have a choice.”
“You shouldn’t be. Fuck!” Tony groans and throws his head back against the pillows. “You just had a baby.”
Well Happy and Steve are starting to get along. Happy is a sweetheart and Steve will learn that soon enough. Also...it is almost time for little Petey's birth! Yay!
“Tony-”
After Peter is fed and burped, Steve places him back on the changing table to swaddle him in a blanket. He tries to secure it correctly so that Peter is comfortable and snug.
Tony doesn’t have to travel to New York...at least not for a while. He was able to bribe-more like beg- Pepper into letting him postpone the trip. She was capable of handling the business just a little longer. Tony was already planning on giving her another raise or even signing over the entire company.
It’s tempting to get another drink, but he holds off. He was supposed to be cleaning up his life.
“That’s just it,” Bucky says and he sniffs. “That’s not Steve. It hasn’t been in months. And I guess I want to know why we didn’t fucking do anything about it.”
“If I want to get dizzy and vomit I’ll just drink.”
“So...no heats?” Tony asks. Steve doesn’t miss how broken he sounds.
Tony can only nod. He doesn’t know what he’s supposed to say. He doesn’t even know if he’ll have the right words.
“There’s always next time.”
He purposely picked one of the happier messages Steve had sent him. He’s listened to all of them, but the one he could listen to forever was the one Steve had sent when Peter was just a year old. There was a hint of sadness in his tone during the first half of the message-the part Tony struggled to get through-but then he sounds happy as he talks about their son and the first step he had taken.
“You and your family are good.” Bruce steps away, finished with his exam.
It’s hard to imagine that it has been almost a year. She had grown significantly since then but it was evident her time spent under Hydra’s care was harsh. She’s tiny and her blond hair is long and matted. There’s a couple of bruises on her legs and arms. The other pups weren’t in any better condition. They too were dirty and had proof of abuse on their skin.
For a second Tony doesn’t move. He watches as the red stain grows bigger and bigger. It’s not until Steve is gripping his shoulder tightly does he snap out of it.
Steve smiles and opens his arms for her, needing to hold his little girl and kiss her messy, brown hair. Morgan is more than happy to be in his arms, her cries dying down the second she’s in them.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve was at least thankful this alpha let him wash himself. Rumlow always made sure he participated.
They take a few moments to gather themselves before joining Peter in the living room. Peter had obviously grown tired of waiting because he’s put the tv on and is engrossed in the cartoon. He looks away from the screen when his parents enter the room.
“Thank you. You know, I thought crazier things have happened to me but this...this is it. A baby, Nat. I have a baby. The one thing I shouldn’t have...couldn’t have…”
Steve smirks. “Come to bed and find out.”
Tony only chuckles. In the background he can hear Sarah giggling, Harley screaming and Peter joining in with his own ear piercing wails.
Steve groans. “Tony, it’s okay. I don’t need anything. I’m happy.”
“We know,” Natasha says sadly and she sits down at the table. “Nothing is the same.”
He realizes once they’re seated that he may have gone overboard. The white tablecloth and candles were harmless, and the soft music playing through the speakers is nice; but Tony can’t help but feel it was too much too soon.
Tony curses to himself before asking Jarvis to replay the voicemail. Peter grows excited and sits back in his seat, waiting for his papa’s voice to escape the surrounding speakers.
Steve can’t respond and continues to vomit into the bowl beneath him. Tony waits until he’s finished before offering a wad of tissue.
Tony inhales sharply and makes a fist, struggling to hold back and not collide it with the wall. Steve rises to his feet and approaches Tony, laying a hand on his shoulder and rubbing it to calm him down.
Steve sighs. He was used to Tony complaining about his back and feet or the constant urination, but the mood swings was something he had not been accustomed to yet.
“It’s okay. Dad, honestly it’s okay. I...I missed hearing it anyway.”
“Ba!” She says happily, her blue eyes bright.
“I did get up to help,” Tony says, making sure to keep any irritation out of his tone. “You kept getting up before I did and when I did ask if you needed help-”
The news has mixed reactions among the team. Natasha was bummed about the team getting another boy when they were clearly in dire need of more girls, but she was still happy and excited to be an aunt, promising to spoil her nephew.
He traces a finger along the gray blob, noticing the small shape of a head already forming. He tries to remember the posters he had seen in the doctor’s office so that he can compare his baby to the ones posted.
Tony looks up when the people around him remain silent. He frowns.
“I promise. When I get back we’ll work on getting you a suit.”
Pepper steps in to help, taking the smaller omega so that Steve can retrieve his son. Peter doesn’t even stir from his deep slumber, and remains fast asleep in his car seat.
“I hope so,” Steve still appears uneasy. It was going to take time for his children to warm up to the new people in their lives. They were all trying to adjust to this new life.
It was hard to say for sure. Especially when Tony was currently on his knees in the bathroom and vomiting. Steve can only watch helplessly from the doorway of the bathroom, a look of pure sympathy(and maybe disgust) written on his face. He had tried to be closer, only for Tony to grow annoyed and shoo him away.
