"A bond isn't easy. Before, During, and After. And it takes a long time. Not to mention it might not work with the both of us, considering our stature."
Just then, the man of the hour steps through the elevator door. Steve Rogers stood onto the platform above the living room and spotted Tony at his place by the bar. "I thought I sensed you overthinking." Came the wolf's chuckle as he joined Tony and wrapped an arm around his waist from behind. Instantly, Tony's worries subsided, replaced with adoration and calm. He hummed, tilting his head slightly so Steve can leave a kiss to his neck.
In an instant, Steve's hand was on Tony's shoulder, comforting, gentle. "It could work. We could...We could try if you want, Tony. I'll be willing to try if you are. It's just that..." Steve gulped slightly before sighing. "It'll be more than the other times we had sex together. I won't be—"
Steve returned it, if only a little hesitantly. Though his body was working on instinct now, his hands gliding along Tony's clothed waist, trailing upwards before dropping again and snaking under his shirt. Tony hummed his approval into his Boyfriend's mouth and Steve swallowed it up. His thumb rubbed at Tony's nipples, just as the Stark began to roll his hips into Steve's. The blond grunts and the two continue their game of teasing.
long time so I thought it's not the right time to say something like that but I do...I really do love you." Tony was looking anywhere but at Steve. He's sure that he'd be heating up from embarrassment if he could. "I have, for a while now."
Which is why Tony knows how taboo this idea is and how outlandish it is to be even thinking about it. But he'd been reading about it for a while and he would love to just try it, even if it didn't work the way they want it to.
Steve stepped away from the makeshift nest and Tony's eyes followed him to the kitchenette. "Bonds mean starting a family or just for a happily ever after."
With that outburst, the blond began to move, his hips rolling into Tony's before pulling back and thrusting earnestly into the other. Tony moaned and wailed, letting out swears and curses.
and silently pleading to be used over and over again. He wanted Steve to break him, knowing that Steve loved him and would be there to put him back together again when everything was all said and done.
Steve being inside him always feels as good as the first time. Steve wasn't small, actually, he'd be a bit too much for a regular human. Luckily, Tony isn't human, and his body is able to stretch to accommodate Steve's large girth without the fear that Steve could rupture something.
It sounded like a foolproof plan, even Steve couldn't argue with it, so he nodded in defeat. Tony beamed. "Great! Now before that," He lowered his hand and began to grip Steve's girth from the confines of his boxers. The blond's breath hitched and Tony took that as a good sign as ever. He continued to grip his cock, leaning his head upward to plant soft kisses and a nibble or two along his neck, bring up beads of blood for him to lick. A small snack.
However, Steve was pulling out of Tony much to the brunet's dismay but he quickly flipped the other and Tony was now on his hands and knees. Before he could protest, Steve was back in him and pounding away.
"I don't know if I can do this, Tony. This bonding. The position would mean I couldn't see your face."
Now that Tony thinks about it, he has been cleaned up. The pain he felt must be less than what it would have been before if Steve hadn't cleaned him off as soon as he could. Tony was definitely in love with this man. "You are too much, you know that?"
Steve laughed, loud and bright, to the point that his extended canines were visible for the vampire to see. They weren’t as sharp as Tony’s but they were definitely quite impressive, Tony enjoys the fact that he’s the only one who can see them.
Finally, Steve began undoing the button of his pants, starting to drag the clothing down till it fell naturally without his assistance. Tony stepped out from the pant holes and closer to Steve, finding his lips again for another kiss.
Tony ended up falling asleep on the couch, stretched out over the furniture like a starfish with no regards of decency if someone came in. He looked unattractive but he'd only make a fuss of it if he was conscious during the time.
"And you can make me. I can take it. Just get me off on your fingers, you have to stretch me out, right?"
"Hey Steve, sorry that I didn't show up earlier, I kind of fell asleep. You know we don't have to do this if you don't want to."
His body needed a break, possibly, especially considering he just came, but that didn't stop him from pushing himself onto the other, albeit weakly.
Which explains why Steve is tense and Tony remembers the dilemma he was having not five minutes ago—realizes just how awful an idea this was. He shouldn't have thought of it; A vampire bonding with a werewolf is uncanny, unheard of, more so than a Vampire and a werewolf
Steve finally pulled away from the kiss, trailing downwards to plant soft pecks onto Tony's cold, pale skin, only parting long enough to pull the shirt off of Tony before his lips latched back onto his skin.
Tony responded by letting his nails drag along Steve's back in the way Tony knows Steve likes. The two are of Supernatural being, they enjoy possession and the implications that come with it.
Steve didn't respond instantly, he was going over Tony's words in his head, and it was visible. Tony didn't regret his decision for asking to be bonded with Steve, after all, it didn't end their relationship entirely. It either means Steve wasn't a bonding kind of guy or that he isn't ready for it, both are completely fine with Tony.
Steve squirted lube along his cock, spreading it generously and adding more to the point that it was leaking off of him, he was being extra cautious with this. He also added more lube along Tony's entrance, having his finger scoop some that escaped and push it inside. This amount of care was a nice thought but Tony was impatient and irrational, his cock already nearing full hardness again.
Tony turned in question before spotting the Starkpad laying on the flat surface and projecting the article Tony was reading.
"Will you bite me again or was that a one-time thing," As Tony said it, he reached up to where the bite was and was met with some gauze. He raised a brow and looked at Steve. "You patched me up?"
Steve smiled, full of love and adoration. He looked more relax, and a tad bit decisive. He leaned down to kiss Tony, and it felt much lighter now that they've confessed. Tony felt like he didn't have to hide much anymore, everything is out in the open now. Like a weight being lifted from their shoulders, especially since they now the feeling is mutual.
Tony placed the tablet he was using down onto the countertop, a sigh escaping his lips before he could even hold it back. Admittedly, he was afraid. He wouldn't know if this could remind Steve how this relationship couldn't last, that they've been playing this whole time. It's been three years, nearing a fourth but it doesn't mean their relationship is as solidified as they made it out to be. After all, they both can live for centuries, a few years was equivalent to just a month for them.
Then he was pulling of Tony's boxers, slowly, his eyes raking over Tony's body. He lowered, planting a kiss to his pelvis and trailing along his thigh with soft touches from his lips, following his boxers till he got to the knee and started on the other side. With the boxers off, Steve tossed them outside of the area.
But just because the hickies won't stay for long, doesn't mean Tony doesn't get turned on by the idea of it. He was already feeling needy, his hands now finding Steve's chest, attempting to feel all that he could from the lycanthrope.
Every so often a bulbous object threatens to breach him as well and Tony was attempting to figure out what it was in his lustful haze. He didn't finish reading the article, only because Steve had already agreed to it so Tony figured he'll learn during the process.
"All yours," Tony echoed, followed by a gasp. "More—!" Tony begged, his nails starting to drag along Steve's shoulder blades in an attempt to keep himself latched onto Steve. The blond hissed but didn't stop his relentless fucking, spreading Tony wide from the size of his cock and finding his prostate over and over again without fail.
Tony snorted. "Doggy Style? Figures." He shook his head afterward. "I know, I like seeing your ugly mug too, you look so focused and open, it's cute. You're cute. But there will have to be some sacrifices, darling."
The two stumbled onto the sheets, Steve lowering them to the floor with ease, their teeth only gnashing together every so often. Tony snaked his arms around Steve's neck, keeping him close together as the two started a rhythm, grinding their hips together in an attempt to get off. It was enough for Tony, to get off like this, his body desperately wanted it but his mind knew there was better. So he forced his hips to stop, biting his lip while his fangs poked into his skin a bit. Steve lifted his thumb to rub against the bead of blood that appeared, wiping it away
When he rested his head again, Steve began to lap at the wound on Tony's neck/shoulder. It's supposed to heal Tony, if he were human or another werewolf, but as a vampire, it just means it'll take longer to close up. Which Tony isn't sure Steve is doing on purpose or because instinct tells him to do so, he'll have to ask later.
Tony was excited for the most part, only slightly nervous as he always is with Steve. It's not that he doesn't trust Steve, it's the idea that Steve can break him if he wanted to, and vice versa. They are enemies, after all, made to kill each other. Or, at the very least,  do a lot of damage.
Until he placed his clawed hands under Tony's belly and began adjusting the two of them. The two now laid down onto their sides, Steve still locked inside of Tony. The pillows were starting to make sense now, Tony thought as he rested his head on one. And the water too, which he grabbed a bottle and drank some, lifting his head for a brief moment to do so. "You really did think all of this through, Cap." He said to the beast, he reached back to awkwardly pat Steve’s fur ridden hip.
Steve still wasn't moving and Tony knows it's because the other wants him to adjust but, right now, he just wants to be used. So the best way is to physically show he’s read rather than wait. He bucked his hips against the other, feeling the head of his cock rub against his prostate. "Ah, Fuck!" He swore, his eyes snapping shut. Just as he heard a surprised grunt from above him.
With enough effort from the two of them, Steve was able to push in his large knot, locking in on the third attempt. He howled in pleasure, shooting strings of cum inside Tony, just as Tony began to grind back against him. He was so full, locked against Steve, cum unable to escape due to the knot keeping it in. Tony moaned weakly as he came one last time. There wasn't a lot to shoot out, just a few spurts. Definitely nothing to rival Steve’s release
Tony is dating a werewolf after all. A man: tall, blond, and handsome full of righteousness and patriotism. The one and only Captain America, as everyone would see him as. But Tony sees him as just Steve Rogers, which is good enough for him. Though, both their species would disagree with their romantic bond, they would prefer that they stuck to their own kind.
Steve wanted to protest further but didn't know what else to say. With a defeated sigh, he nodded. "Well then...I'll...I'll set up in the Penthouse. You stay here." And with that, the Captain turned and left.
Tony was uncharacteristically quiet, mostly because his mind was still reeling over that fact. He was considered an alpha, despite not even being a wolf. That said a lot, Tony does like being considered second in command after Steve but he thought it was because of his relationship with the Captain, not that he had any form of leadership in him.
Cuddle Bunny: Do you really think it’s wise to date a teammate? Also, how did they figure out that you speak Spanish?
"It is something he doesn't really talk about now. I've only known for a couple of months. Again not a sharer."
Thank you to everybody who read or review the last conversation. You are all absolutely fabulous. This conversation takes place a couple of hours after the last one.
Me: No, I don’t. I actually kind of love you and wish you would stop putting yourself in danger. Coulson had to come save you. Coulson! This is the guy who got shanked by Loki and he had to come rescue your ass.
Nomad: You're not drinking anymore. Even though I know you want to turn this into that drinking game. You mentioned earlier. How many days sober?
Even though Tony and Steve are in the same country, they are still going to end up texting each other, especially during a wedding, which is going to take at least three hours. Okay, Tony is sending Steve text messages despite the fact he sitting right next to Steve and Steve may occasionally respond verbally. It’s a three-hour wedding, not including the reception that will last late into the night because Tony’s friends decided to have it all in one day (instead of the next day, which is more common). Also please note that Tony is not texting Steve constantly. Sometimes there could be gaps for 15 or 20 minutes between messages.
"Yes," Leo responded. This was why they were initially planning to bring Yo-Yo with them, so she could throw Loki into the containment module before he even realized it. However, Stark liked Daisy's idea better, and he was Coulson's boss. Now Coulson was thankfully in Mumbai and knew nothing about Loki coming to earth.
“I’ve been told the best marriages are interesting,” Steve said as he turned the lamp next to his bed off.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You’re all fabulous. We are now in the “bad” timeline. Although, there’s a surprise at the end.
“Clint is an agent. He’s going to do what he needs to do. No matter what. But he’s not gifted or enhanced or even inhuman for that matter. He should’ve never been under the Accords in the first place. We’re trying to fix that."
Tony: I don’t know. I mean there’s been evidence for months that he is a xenophobic asshole. Although, the family values crowd is probably not happy with his suggestion to his daughter regarding her possibly inhuman daughter. But when people are terrified, xenophobic assholes are tolerated. I’m hoping the realization that he’s a sexist xenophobic will be the tipping point.
The Mechanic: The Talbot thing. Madeline Rice is like one of the few competent members of Ellis’ inner circles that turned out not to be Hydra.
“We are trying to do our best to make things right even though we have no idea what we’re doing half the time,” Steve added.
“No she left him. You know she left him. And maybe if Steve wasn’t in the picture, Stark would have gone back to her after Siberia on hands and knees with a giant Henry Winston diamond engagement ring and promised that he’ll give up being a superhero and promised that they will adopt babies together and be the perfect family. Maybe for a minute, she would have believed him. Maybe even long enough to actually make it down the aisle but the moment the world needs Tony Stark, he will be there and she will be left behind. I don’t think she can deal with that, not really.” Natasha said harshly. Deep down, he knows she’s right. But he’s never going to tell her that.
Anthony: I didn’t design Friday or even Jarvis to replace Ana and Edward Jarvis. That would be too creepy for even me. They were more like how I’m imagine their children would be like. Although, I’m seriously wondering why I felt like Friday would be so interested in my love life.
Anthony love: So, are the secret Avengers MIA because of Coulson, or did you fly off to Asgard to be part of the Calvary? I feel like that’s something flaming head would do and only partially because Lilly’s aunt made him.
Tosha: Now, you speak. My thumbs were starting to get sore. You can’t dictate during the middle of a meeting.
Me: Seven years. Clint actually left me for a while because it became such a problem, but we were able to reconcile. Did Clint say something about it to you?
Me: Things fall apart, for reasons you can’t control. I thought I was going to be with Andrew forever and then Bahrain happened.
Counselor Laura: You know, snapping the gauntlet and bringing everybody back isn’t really going to fix things. You said earlier you can’t undo all this damage, but we can start working through it.
Me: And Clint is a little pissed at me because of it even though I wasn’t the one who gave the address away.
“That makes sense. There are currently two different Fitzs running around in my timeline. We call the one which originated from this timeline James “Leo” Leopold.” They also occasionally call him Fitz Hunter, but she does not want Simmons to know about that. She knew Steve would keep quiet about that, but Laura was concerned Friday would do something stupid like show Simmons video of this conversation. She knows Friday’s cameras are everywhere because Tony is extra paranoid.
Skye quake: Avenger code name for Daisy “Skye” Louise Johnson. Media nickname Quake. She is now an agent of the ATCU as part of the Super Human, Inhuman, and Enhance liaison division. Will be signing the Accords despite the renegotiation because of political pressure. Hopefully, negotiations for a new agreement can begin soon.
Tony: See, I knew I would wear you down eventually. Now your “no” is conditional. I can work with this.
Tony: I still can’t convince you to do text message sex, which is a shame because I really think underneath the sweet exterior you can be extra kinky. This may be because the listening thing is still a work in progress for us. Although, with a few more tweaks, Framework sex might be an option. Which, if the code works right, will be as good as the real thing.
Me: OK-ish. Spidey Junior is adjusting. He starts working with his tutor Monday. He’s also going to spend tomorrow with his dad under Laura’s supervision.
“I feel like accidentally hitting a building should qualify, but sometimes I think you were trolling me. You feel like a troll sometimes.” Steve smiled at that.
Morgan’s dad: From what I can make out of her notes, the monolith particles were somehow involved like you originally theorized. That is something I know nothing about because Simmons was doing all the research on that. Unfortunately, her notes are very incoherent—lots of stuff about doctors, butterflies, and somebody named Flint. Who is Flint?
Tony: She is. It totally makes sense that she is an LMD teenager in the other timeline because she’s such a teenager now.
Question 26, for me it would be, I wish I had somebody who I could share my superhero life with which turns out to be you, Sugar Cakes. I think we talked about how the ultimate downfall of me and Pepper was she didn’t get my Avenger life. You do, which may mean this relationship might actually work long-term. I want that.
This conversation takes place only a couple of hours after the last one and just an hour or two before Clint lands in Palau. You know what that means. Grab a tissue, this chapter gets intense.
P Parker: I’m sorry I didn’t tell you what was happening. I wasn’t sure what I could say, and I figured Tony would brief you. I assumed this was one of those things I should leave for the adults.
I also accept that Steve wasn’t choosing you over me. He was making sure I wouldn’t have your blood on my hands and I already have enough of my own. So, after a lot of reflection, Steve made the right decision.
: Samuel Thomas "Sam" Wilson a.k.a. Falcon (media nickname). Best friend to Capt. Rogers. Has the best brownie recipe.
Agent Laura: You are, and this is one of those times. However, you are a strong person, and you will get through this.
This is also the final update before the series finale of AOS. I'm trying not to cry. At least the story will keep me sane
“However, she was created by the guy who accidentally created murder bots. That’s not the best track record,” Hunter remarked.
Me: Yo-Yo is going to be going undercover as my new assistant. However, one of the ATCU transplants made some snide comment about how it would be more plausible for her to pass as the "help" since she’s still working on learning English. Which was a stupid comment because she’s been studying for only a few months and she’s almost fluent.
Counselor Laura 2023: I’m calling him Mr. May-Rogers. I'm guessing Mrs. May-Rogers should probably be there as well unless she is at Peppers visiting her kids.
I also want to mention that this is where our story diverges greatly from the end of Spider-Man: Homecoming. Blame it on the therapy and the new boyfriend. Tony knows better than to pull anything he did in upstate New York. Again, that doesn’t happen in this universe except Tony does make that suit because Peter needs bubblewrap.
Hunter: I'm not sure how to respond to that. You know I love kids. Which surprised me because when I was with Bobbi, I was okay with us not having any.
“Tony go to sleep.” Tony heard his boyfriend say from beside him, shirtless and one arm wrapped around him.
Tony: It’s good to know some things are universal. If we want something closer, I have several places in Jersey, including one in Westview. I helped Vision buy a home for Wanda before it all fell apart. Robin convinced me to finish it. It could make a good rehab place.
Me: I know, she’s immune to cookie baskets. And shoe baskets and chocolate and everything else that I normally use for bribery. Even alcohol won’t work.
Purple Princess: I don’t actually need sleep. Wanda just made it, so I feel like I do. I can override it in an emergency, and this qualifies.
Also, for those of you not familiar with Agents of Shield, Deke had a ridiculous crush on Daisy in season five. Even though it's been five years, there's still some feelings there and a lot of regrets.
Agent L. Barton: My May loves her bus kids too. Even if they’re growing up and getting married. Leo says Hunter is a wonderful husband even if Hunter still pretends that they’re only married on paper for an op. There was definitely some damage done to Hunter during his first marriage.
Anyway, I got to go. K is calling. She wants to know what’s going on since she’s now on her way to Malta. She’s not happy about that and is sure something's going on. She wants to stay and fight. How much does she know? What am I allowed to tell my BFF?
So upstate New York did not happen in this universe because Tony was in California doing damage control and this Tony is on enough medication to make rational decisions.
Red spider: Then I was able to watch the bodycam footage that quickly cuts out after Thor and his brother get their asses handed to them by their alleged sister.
Jemma could’ve just entered the room with her key card, but she thought it would be only polite to actually knock. Thankfully, he did open the door.
Me: Yes, no catastrophes happened and neither one of us was pulled into an emergency meeting. Spider Brat is safely in DC, so he is Agent Monkey Lover’s problem right now.
Red phone: I’m back and let me just say how happy I am that you’re worried about me, but there’s no need to be. Scary just pulled me in for another debriefing before letting me go back to the DC house for the night.
BFF Ned: I just found out as I was packing to leave to go to my father’s apartment that I was invited to the upstate New York Wakanda compound to hang out with the princess. She said no. She didn’t even bother to consult me; she just said no like she always does. My parents are fighting about it on speakerphone for some reason. I can hear it from my room. My dad thinks it’s good for me to hang out with genius royalty because he’s pragmatic. He is also the only reason I’m still able to take the scholarship from the Jarvis foundation.
Cuddle Bunny: Maybe I just want to avoid conflict right now. I like what we’ve built with each other and I don’t want to fight with you. We didn’t solve anything by going at each other’s throats in Siberia. I just decided it’s better to let things go where they go with us and not fight it.
“Actually, his favorite coping mechanism is se…” Steve started to say sex but caught himself, but probably not soon enough because Natasha was smirking.
“To undo the snap or maybe the ability to travel back in time to get the stones," Tony answered without even thinking.
Melinda: I know he is, but I’ll get to see my mom, Daisy, Mack, and even Bobbi again.  Besides that, I need you to take the second chance that I wasted. You rarely get a third opportunity. I should know.
Anthony: OK, I am the guy who made murder bots. Yo-yo and her boyfriend are making me watch Terminator Salvation tonight because of that.
Pepper pot: That he's going to consider their suggestion that he go to grad school. He’s on a private campus tour to check out a few doctorate programs.
Me: That’s annoying because now he’s talking about his mom’s experiences with the 12-step program. I have enough parental issues. I do not need to deal with someone else’s. Especially someone else who’s parents realized they had problems and got help. Howard never got that far.
Tony: No, that’s okay. I’m still upset and I don’t get why he didn’t want to follow May’s plan. She says it’s because he’s jealous.
CoulsonPJ: Twitter is a mess. More than one person with a blue checkmark made a snide comment about how superheroes should not be gay, using nastier language than that. Then someone else responds with a hyperlink to the Tony Stark gay sex tape from 1992.
Me Because of everything going on, I’m going to be back in New York a little earlier than planned. I’ll stop by in a couple of days.
“Who’s on the list?” There is no way Tony could be on that list, no matter how much he wishes he was.
“Maybe. Deke and May have theorized I react differently to marijuana than a regular person. It makes me more open and less scared to do things I really want to do.”
Me: Tony stayed in that state for a long time until his father figure stabbed him in the back and then he realized he needed to change a lot of things. That’s when he started to right a lot of his own wrongs with a metal suit and then we met. I put my foot in my mouth and we kept doing it over and over again until we started to actually listen to one another. That took a while.
Me: Maybe not. That heartfelt letter is one of the few reason why I’m not considering pressing kidnapping charges. The other reason why I’m not pressing charges is I would have to acknowledge in court who my nephew really is. Would he be forced to sign the Accords, if I do something like that?
Hunter: I'm glad to know you're open to it. We'll talk about that when I get to the compound. I’m still on my way. I’m in the parking lot of the diner texting you.
Me: I remember seeing bruises on her neck that might have looked like fingers. Those shouldn’t have been there if it was a car accident.
“This just makes you Human. You’re just a person. You’re not perfect and you’re afraid, just like the rest of us. You know I wish I really realize that a lot sooner. Maybe Siberia wouldn’t have happened.”
Nomad: You don’t need to apologize. We should. I’m sorry we were so busy arguing amongst ourselves that we couldn’t help you.
"I was also told to give you this.” That’s when Melinda passed him another burn phone along with an envelope.
Ana Junior: Actually, he’s been working with a team to prevent Thanos from wiping out half of the world’s population. As I mentioned earlier, James was unaware that his original timeline even still existed.
Counselor Laura: So not to alarm you but a version of my estranged husband just popped up in my living room with a new tattoo that covers most of his arm and midlife crisis hair. He also says that he is from the year 2023.
“The consequences of Radcliffe not being exposed earlier. It won’t happen this time,” Leo replied darkly. “He’s right, by the way.”
I actually end up doing the final proofreading on this conversation twice because I accidentally left it on my work computer.
Overall I say the stories about 88% compliant. I’m not going to say what will be different right now because that would be too spoiler heavy and I asked that you try to keep that stuff out of your comments right now. If you want to talk about the movie PM or DM me. Although this being a Tony/Steve story, I bet you know one thing right off the bat that is different in the story.
“This is just for you, Pepper Pot. Your driver will be here in half an hour to take you to the office.”
“I don’t know. Maybe the universe knew we could set things right again. Strange said something like that to me before disappearing.” He told Steve.
Also, I’m starting vacation today (my parents are set to arrive any minute to begin part one of my family vacation). I’m going where cell phone service and Internet access will be questionable at best. So there may not be another update until I get back. But hey, there’s seven conversations with my beta, so material will be flowing when I get back.
Nomad: But you’re mad at me because you discovered that someone who was almost like an aunt to you growing up was caught in the crosshairs during an assassination attempt on your father.
Okay, and he had Steve there to make him check his email when they got back to the room instead of ripping off Steve’s shirt. He would have preferred the shirt thing but Steve encouraged adulting whenever possible.
Genius Princess: Another mission other than keeping alien weapons out of the Norwegian and American governments’ hands.
Me: Did you know that the Ultron project was originally a joint venture between Pym industries, Shield (probably the Hydra division), and the DOD? I’m just the idiot who came along and thought they could fix it and instead I made murder bots. Now the development of artificial intelligence is illegal.
Steve was just about to lean over to kiss Tony just as he heard a knock on the door. It was Tony’s assistant/other Avenger.
Tony Potts: OK, I just decided to look at the notes on superhero antidepressants and other medications. I am deeply regretting that I never got to meet the Princess. We have to fix that.
“And that could be traumatic. Mommy Spider is a mama bear as much as Spider Aunt. So of course she will want to get away. Hopefully, Mary will take care of everything once it gets to be a reasonable time in New York.”
The events in this chapter are adapted from episode 4.3 of Agents of Shield but we are seeing it from an Avenger perspective.
Me: It is what it is. At least they want to work through it, which is more than a lot of people end up with.
Red phone: 25 hard-working government employees were killed in the name of trying to find more people like us, so they can get rid of us. I just wanted to keep stuff like this from happening.
Anthony love: I haven’t had a chance to go over the files yet. My child is forcing me to get at least a few hours of sleep before I even began. Okay, she dragged me out of the lab.
"So do you actually think they believe what happened last night was a government-sponsored undercover mission with the newest member of the Avenger squad taking point?” It almost sounded plausible and maybe if Steve was looking at it from afar and not as part of Tony’s inner circle, he may have believed it. Especially if he had no idea that the Spider Man of YouTube was a 15-year-old kid.
Me: I don’t even want to know. How did you discover that he made a life model decoy of his ex-girlfriend?
HSBF: No to the restaurants. We are trying to keep a low profile for the moment. No, I’m not surprised about your tailor. You just want me wrapped in new clothes.
Anthony love: Hey, sweetie pie! Are you still en route to the Lighthouse, or are you heading to the Playground?
D Fitzsimmons: Except this is not our 2018. Instead of being at the farmhouse with Clint, I ended up in the house of some strange wizard meeting my grandfather and his boyfriend. I also got to meet Thor before he started drinking as much as my Nana. Now I understand why people used to say he was so hot.
SimmonsJA: I am glad that your therapy is working in that regard. You may want to listen to your therapist when she says that you are neither emotionally nor physically, especially physically, ready to engage in a sexual encounter with your boyfriend.
“Still not reassured,” Hunter said, looking at his boy… His friend. Leo is …yeah this is too complicated of a situation to even lie to himself right now. And he was really good at that after the divorce.
“You may be right," Peter said, remembering all the fights between Flash and Ned. There’s some jealousy going on. He is still trying to figure out how to explain to Ned that they are in distinct categories.
Me: The fact that you hung out with his grandpa just makes it weirder especially considering that you were only a year or two older than said grandchild biologically.
Me: Two and a milkshake. Although it does feel weird being halfway around the world and still having burgers and a shake.
Anthony: She also told me that she really doesn't want me to die anytime soon before leaving me to rest. There was also hugging and maybe some crying.
Venom: Who never told me that he is Spider-Man. Or that he made out with me at the Fitzsimmons wedding last year.
Anthony: No. Coulson put this list together. Which means it’s made up of good people who he wants to protect from the Accords. I think of it as Coulson’s list.
TMNS: Karen says that she’s busy processing the data that overloaded  Afia. Karen is taking care of all necessary ATCU functions now. She’s also trying to figure out how to deliver your messages to Steve. The estimated arrival time is three hours.
Blue phone: Didn’t you also start the Jarvis Foundation for Cancer Research during this period as well?
“I wouldn’t have let that happen.” It would be wrong to her, to Jemma, and even to Hunter to do that. “Did you find Vijay Nadeer?” Leo asked.
Tony: If nothing changes, At least it’s keeping Ross way too busy to try to detain toddlers and seven-year-olds. People have always known what type of man Secretary Ross really is, just like people knew who Obadiah really was. The Board just looked away because it was more profitable to do so. I doubt DC politics is any better.
“I came by to let you know that the Captain has finished his letter to you. The final version is available on this tablet.” The tablet itself was clear and almost as thin as a sheet of paper. Definitely smaller than even a Stark pad, including the one that Tony used for personal use, when she visited his lab. Stark and the two Fitzs were the only ones even remotely close to her in terms of development. Everyone else was at least two decades behind.
Steve: I know you’ve been mostly reading reports, but did you start putting the list together regarding where the stones were in 2018?
Tony Potts: I’m still sober, which is a miracle in itself because I really want a fucking drink right now. Honestly, I wanted one for the last week and a half. Yet while we were at the quick stop, I just got a giant espresso.
Laura placed her phone on her lap, done for the moment, or so she thought. Suddenly she noticed text show up on her phone mysteriously.
“I don’t know. I didn’t think it would get to this point. I thought I changed enough to keep it from happening. But I was wrong. I wonder if I should have listened to the Doctor and killed Eli Morrow before what he did at the power plant. But I knew I couldn’t risk losing Robbie. But Morrow killed six agents. He shot spikes of carbon through their hearts. Their bodies are waiting on the plane and I could have prevented that from happening,” Leo argued.
Also, this begins an arc of very heavy Tony/Steve content. I know many of you will be very happy about that. As I watch the Disney+ shows, I need a better timeline where Tony and Steve get their shit together. Please no discussion about Falcon and the Winter Soldier in the comments. However, it’s OK to start talking about WandaVision. Actually, some of the upcoming chapters will have Little factoids that we learned from WandaVision. I’m probably going to be doing the same with the other shows as they come out.  Especially anything related to how life was during the blip.
On archive of our own I posted this as a separate story so it’s easier for everyone to come back to it for reference purposes, but there are plot points in the glossary/guide, especially in part two that everyone needs to read, so I’ve decided to also post as part of the main story so no one misses anything.
Me: After Friday saved my ass from the wrath of Pepper by altering one of your text messages last week, I came up with a better idea than just deleting the messages. Friday is now changing some of the wording so it looks like I’m just chatting with my new boyfriend, who I refer to as Captain Tight Pants because he fills out yoga pants like a God.
Tony Bear: I’m not 100% sure it’s always been this bad. Maybe it feels worse this time around, because I’m too sober to think any of these jokes are funny or have any desire whatsoever to mingle. All the assistants were nicer and actually competent.
Purple arrow 2018: Maybe it's good that more time passes in the other timeline between windows than here. I am a little confused about that. I got an explanation from Hunter when he came to get me. But I think that made it worse because it was Hunter. He's married to a genius but still doesn't understand half the things he says, and it gets even more confusing when he repeats it.
BITC: Are you working to find Daisy’s cousin? Also, is there any truth to aliens kidnapping somebody in Mumbai? I’ve seen some interesting chatter in the superhero forums.
Chief Mechanic: Yes. Apparently, she became obsessed with time travel and bringing back Fitz as well as working her way through the compound alcohol supply.
Tony: Well, he or possibly she mostly burning criminals alive. The Rider eviscerated a teacher last week. That doesn’t quite fit the usual profile.
Me: It is. I felt like he shouldn’t even be here. I should not have brought him to Germany or rather have Kevin bring him to Germany. Kevin really hated Spider sitting. I think that’s the real reason why he switched to working with Pepper. Other than getting to live in the same state as his wife again.
Me: That’s where it gets more complicated. Spidey Senior webbed up several members of the watchdogs before they could attack another Inhuman that lives in his building.
Me: Like the almost Centenarian that you are on your birth certificate. I can dress you up like the hot 30 something you really are. I want to get you into a suit. I want to get you out of a suit. Pretty please draw that.
Me: Really, Snookums just doesn’t want to have to read my pornographic declarations, especially when he knows that they’re fake.
Anthony: I'll be there even if it is in the middle of the night. I think we can do something before Labor Day. Maybe.
"That would be good. Steve said as he ran into the restroom to relieve himself, in more ways than one.
Cuddle Bunny: Of course not. You’re an adult. You can do whoever you want. I just don’t want you to get hurt.
D Fitzsimmons: Is this what you need? I would really like to get lunch. I barely got to eat breakfast because not depressed Simmons wanted to give me a tour of the Lighthouse. The Wakanda embassy is different, but I did grow up here. So it was a waste of three hours of my time.
Thank you to everybody who read the last chapter. You guys really do love the art chapters. You are all absolutely wonderful and keep me in the creative zone. Since the last chapter was so short, you get this one in under a week. Also, please note Tony has not read Steve’s card yet, although someone else did.
Tony: The cult of Hydra has always been diverse and opportunistic. You never know. It was always about power.
Peter: You should definitely be using the other phone. I am going to send you a message on the other line. This is MJ, by the way.
Me: Not in so many words or at all. He’s sorry that things went badly, but not that they went badly because he didn’t listen to May. He did apologize for hanging up on Ned which is what I’m more upset about.
Agent Laura: This does not surprise me. She still former Shield because she was when the timeline divided?
HSBF: I don’t know what to say about that. I’ve been like that before. I’m still working through my own issues. Maybe he needs some help?
Red spider: Jeffrey wants us to pretend that we’re not in the middle of a crisis. It’s part of the Avenger brand rehabilitation.
"Probably as well as my daughter-in-law can handle being around me despite the fact that I am directly or indirectly responsible for the deaths of three of her family members. If you do remember she never once ran out on Avenger pizza night when I dropped by. I'm thinking about sending them a toaster but I feel like I need to give a better wedding present. Would a Mercedes be too much? Maybe a safe house would be more practical though. "
HSBF: Upstate facility. That way you can invite Benjamin. I doubt his aunt would let him skip classes to go to DC again, but maybe he can take the afternoon off. The Royal genius could use more time around 16-year-olds.
Francis: I thought it was going to be one of the kids or all the kids. If I brought them forward to this point in time, Thanos couldn’t snap them out of existence. Then I wouldn’t have to lose them, but the kids weren’t there. We weren’t even at the farmhouse.
“She could always have two,” she joked, sort of. Okay, maybe she read too many Jim and Spock fanfics that involved this type of scenario back at the Academy. She’d had to do something since she was too young to drink.
Will [Redacted] BFF be able to visit the compound? I don’t want to uproot [Redacted] completely. I’m terrified of how much psychological damage I’m going to do. I wonder if I’m doing the right thing for him. All of this is going to be a really big change.
I’m not sure when you will have time to come visit. I’ve seen your schedule. I heard you’re losing Thanksgiving in Malta. But I would like to see you soon. I might come up for the board meeting that they’re planning to hold Saturday. I was just going to teleconference in but maybe I should come in person. I am trying to get Kevin to get it switch to Monday or Tuesday. Fingers crossed.
Anthony: Yo-Yo has SI PR working on it and Happy is not talking to me, mostly. I’m kind of glad he will be supervising moving all the Avenger tech upstate. Did I mention that the tower is becoming purely residential and commercial and no longer a superhero haven? The name is even going to be changed to something else, eventually. With the breakup and Pepper staying out West, more SI functions were happening on that coast anyway. It makes sense to take the Avenger’s name off the tower and finally move everything to the upstate facility. That’s where Vision and the support team is anyway.
TMNS: You lost consciousness. I only caught you because I started to tingle. I think that counts as freaking out.
Purple Princess: Oh great, we have a leak problem. Of course, Flash would notice something. She was Hydra, by the way.
So Jane is not budging. I got her the good chocolate and the good shoes and still I have to do the New York Times interview. She thinks it will humanize me. Seeing me be a lovesick fool makes her hate me a little less so she’s hoping that it will work with the rest of the public to help rehabilitate my image. I think I’m going to have to bring out the big guns which means Pepper Pot or the Director. Since my BFF is in the replacement patches, I should probably go with him, but he doesn’t quite have the ruthlessness necessary.
Me: I’m not sure what May just referred to you as in Mandarin, but it probably wasn’t anything very nice.
Nomad: You were nine years old, Tony. It’s not your fault you didn’t understand what everything meant at the time.
This chapter takes place about three days after the last one because Steve doesn’t want to seem overly needy. Okay, it took Steve two days to get his phone back because Clint stole it to get back at Tony for not telling him about Laura. He’s still not happy.
My children are essentially dead, or rather the children of the Laura in this timeline are dead. They were among the many victims of what is referred to as the Decimation. Not that my counterpart is aware because she was also wiped out of existence. Now I understand why Clint seemed so lost when he found me at the compound. As far as he was concerned, I’d been dead for over five years. All of us being gone explains the midlife crisis hair and tattoos. A major life crisis can usually explain the worst hair and tattoo choices.
I was a mess when it happened and thank God I had Bucky to pick up the pieces because I wouldn’t have survived without him. I know that sounds odd considering what happened to your mom because of him or rather what Hydra made happen, but it’s the way I felt back then. Bucky was like my big brother growing up. He was the one who would always have my back. Since he always had my back in the past, I felt like I had to do the same for him. Especially, because I let him down the way I did before.
Tony: I don’t know. I’m in my angry place so that email would start off with ‘fuck you for not listening to May. And me. We were right. You were wrong. Now we have two dead employees because you decided to throw a tantrum.’ I don’t know if that would be constructive.
“However, to alleviate your worries, after I have retrieved the three, this body will be destroyed and my personality will be uploaded into a new body as it was exactly 1 minute before I access the book. I will remember nothing of what I’ve read.” Afia reassured the group. “You’re going to need my help for what comes next.”
Me: I wanted to ask you how round two of assistant interviews went on Friday; however, considering the latest news regarding Secretary Ross, I’d rather start there. Was that Bruce’s ex-girlfriend on Meet the Press? I thought her name was Betty. She was really angry.
“Thank you. Can you look into getting me one of the regular Avenger secret phones?” He is not making this mistake again.
It was such a pleasure to meet you last Friday although I wish the night had gone better. I had a feeling it would probably end in disaster, but I didn’t expect anybody to end up hospitalized. Virginia told me what really happened and I'm so sorry that you had to go through that. I wish you a speedy and safe recovery.
“I know. But he’s up and making progress. He’s going to get to live in his own little house soon, he might even start herding goats. Apparently, his team of therapists feel that it’s good for him to have a routine.”
Me: Because if you didn’t come to this wedding, we would not have been able to have rounds 1 - 3 last night. I thought Friday said that there was a reception tomorrow too.
The new consultant: I’m going to try to sleep, but tell your BFF to text me when she gets back no matter what. I really want to know what’s going on with my cousin.
Tony: I think the accounts meeting is going to end by 4 pm which is going to give me time to go home and do that thing with my tongue that you really like and still be ready for dinner at 7 PM.
Me: Who knows, I used to be Captain tight pants in your address book. I guess we should also go back into questions 34 and 35?
“Which is why you are coming down here for food,” MJ suggested just as Peter’s phone beeped again with another message from May.
A little warning about the Rose Garden pardon ceremony yesterday would’ve been nice. For PR purposes, if nothing else. I know you don’t work for SI anymore, but I like to know these things as your friend. I know you have a lot going on with Laura being MIA and Steve being back on American soil. However, I expect you to call me, especially when I’m supposed to be providing cover for your kids being out of school. You owe me an explanation of why I am covering your ass.
Tony: Expendable forces/less dead people. Instead of sending an actual agent into a situation that will probably kill them, you can send an LMD. For example, if we knew about The Vultures attack in advance we could’ve staffed the cargo plane with LMDs and therefore I would not have the blood of two shield agents on my hands because of Happy’s insecurities.
“I know, but you have a meeting with the President tomorrow and I have to figure out who was really working with the Senator. Maybe if we uncovered evidence of the truth, it will bring me one step closer to being home.” Steve was hopeful. He just wanted to find a way home, to Tony.
Agent 13: Yes, although I know you won't believe me until you can see him for yourself and it's just not safe right now.
“At least we’re no longer fighting each other at the moment. Tony called it the Avengers’ uncivil toddler squabble.” He hears Piper try not to laugh behind him but she’s not doing well.
Counselor Laura from 2023: And you want me to get the science team here together? We were going to try to do another meeting soon but I think Tony and I are going to have other things that we’re gonna need to talk about first and we might have to postpone.
Nomad: I'm really sorry you had to read all those messages. None of the sex stuff was true. Anthony just made that up to make it too uncomfortable for people to read.
Tony: He’s still an innocent science baby. Thankfully, I put Aida to “sleep” in the guest room (not the closet like Radcliffe wanted) before Monkey Lover arrived.
Me: More like his therapist wants him to leave for something less stressful and Agent agrees. And it says all sorts of things where being CCO of SI and being an Avenger is less stressful than staying at Shield.
Anthony: Baby, I've been negotiating contracts since nursery school. If there's a loophole, I'll find it and manipulate the hell out of it.
“And our stupidity paralyzed him. Fitz and I are working on something, but it’s still in the prototype phase.”
Anthony: I would also be okay. Not ready to share. I have some therapy letters that Dr. Suarez had me write under about 20 layers of encryption. I get that you may not be ready to share.
Venom: Yet, I didn’t pick up on it when I was living in the Stark-Rogers household. I just assumed Benji was holding back in PE to keep the boy in the chair from feeling bad.
With Infinity War being pushed up a week and me having to do other things like cons and taxes between now and then I realized I will not be able to finish the story before the movie comes out. If I keep on the current posting schedule of once a week, I’ve actually drafted every chapter between now and when the movie comes out. I do know how the story is going to end. Infinity war will only effect the post-credits scene of the story and my decision to do a sequel or just extra post-credits scenes. This is an MCU story. Of course, I’m planning post-credits scenes.
Anthony: I didn't do as good of a job as I thought I did getting rid of the footage of your brief romantic infatuation with her. I did actually scorch the earth regarding the security footage of you two making out, but I didn't think that I needed to get rid of the footage of you and 13 all cozy at the hotel post funeral. That may be enough for Ross to put two into together.
“Your Highness, I didn’t realize you were there. You also brought reinforcements. In the form of a teenager. Why is there a teenager here?” Simmons asked confused. “The other teenager, not you Your Highness.”
“I found a card stuffed into my underwear. I don’t blame him for going back. I wish I didn’t call him in. At least Scott could go back.
D FitzSimmons: You know I'm definitely going to ask you about the drinking because I always ask you about the drinking. I wish you wouldn’t drink so much. I get that you're in pain. I just wish there was a way to not make you hurt so much or at least a way to help you work through your pain that doesn't involve José Cuervo. You didn’t lose Bobo once; you lost him twice. I get why you drink; I just wish I could stop it. I just want you to not be sad. I want you to be the woman that my mom told me about growing up.
HSBF: Oh God. I should’ve realized that with all the talk about Tijuana Bibles. OK, that’s definitely not going in the public version.
Blue phone: I know you’re the one who drew that because it was too technical even if the color scheme is very muted for you
"According to the YouTube footage badly, but thankfully everybody thinks the group blinking out of thin air is an Asgardian thing. I'm waiting to get briefed because according to Hunter, Leo fainted. He's fine now. They also have a new guest with them, who Hunter keeps referring to as the step-grandkid. I didn't press for details. I should've sent Yo-Yo like originally planned, but Robin said it needed to be Daisy. Prophesy Girl also called like an hour later to tell us we can't destroy the stones. I would pass that information onto Daisy but Don't even know where Sky Quake is right now. I hope she's in Asgard getting the you know what. I am still waiting for her to check-in via the new long-range communicator," if it works. They're not sure because half of it was based on a 'vision' Robin had.
Tosha: Apparently, she purposely chose the day that he disappeared as the day you would be traveling back to. She may have told you and Deke that you were going back to the same place, but you weren’t. She was sending you to Laura and him to Fitz. She is now crying on Bruce.
Anthony: Probably not seeing each other daily is why we were able to fix things. Just 13 more days until I tackle you to the bed and kiss the hell out of you. Don't wear a shirt you like because I am ripping that sucker.
Me: Yeah I would’ve said the same thing about us but here we are. So maybe no relationship is completely that far gone.
Me: The image of Pepper crying was taken about 10 minutes after she found out who Anthony’s boyfriend really is.
I know we need to sit down and talk things out eventually. I don’t know when that’s going to happen, but it needs to. More importantly, I want to.
Me: You don’t need to answer the question for me because I already know that your relationship with Howard was bad just like my relationship with my dad. Actually it’s worse because even though Howard was awful to you, at least he was there.
“That I was sorry I never sent any of the text messages that I've been writing you for the last two years. That I was so mad at you for choosing Bucky because I was in love with you.” Maybe Steve should be surprised about that love confession. But he’s not. It took him a while to realize it, but the other Tony and Steve were in love with each other before the timelines split. That means that he and Tony have been in love with each other since, at least before Siberia, possibly longer. Steve isn't sure when he fell in love with Tony. He just knows that he is in love with him. They are hopeless.
Girl Friday: This is true. Although, I feel like the First-aid kit may not actually be necessary unless Flash faints again.
Anthony: Him I really do want to punch in his perfect teeth. You, I would like to push onto a bed or up against the wall or any hard surface would do.
“You sent me to save Vijay Nadeer?” She asked. It made sense. How else would Director Rhodes know that the Senator was abusing her own brother like that?
Tony Bear: Why is it that at every fancy business lunch I am forced to participate in involves micro-portions and overly pretentious people? I’m 30 seconds from punching out world business leaders number three, six and 12.
After they arrived back, Tony cooked dinner. Jarvis’s signature pasta. Because Steve was at the property, Tony gave the regular staff the week off. It was okay because when Tony focused, he could actually take care of himself.
Anthony: At the Afghanistan Hilton, more than once Yinsen gave me his rations. I felt extra guilty eating a giant cheeseburger when I got back which I promptly threw up. Don’t try to eat Burger King after surviving with five months of minimal food.
D Fitzsimmons: SI took over my think tank, and I'm exceptionally good at charming the board when they're not complaining about my lack of a Ph.D. Also, I think they decided to keep an eye on me, so they asked me to join the company. I think my current title is Chief Creative Officer. It changes a lot.
Nomad: Well, it definitely wasn’t lovemaking. Yes, unfortunately. This all happened during my first month in DC, when the guy was still chief of staff for Senator Christopher Ward before the Senator went crazy and killed his family. I’ve made better choices since then.
May: I hope so. Daisy and Fitz will be back. Mack will be back as well, and I can turn over SHIELD to him if he’s up to it emotionally. We can rebuild the organization the right way.
Me: Well, to get back at me for my oversight, Snookums decided to ask if I really slept with a Captain America plush until I was shipped off for boarding school, apparently for my own protection. Not that anyone told me about that.
“Not as much. Plus Tuesday made a lot of countries realize the danger of the database. Although, Australia kidnapping and doing testing on an aboriginal man who just happened to have inhuman powers should have sent up red flags before but here we are.”
Tony: Possibly trying to convince the other May to let up on the grounding and to work with Ben. Scary May was supposed to do it, but she is still out there looking for Purple Arrow. I mean, we put all this effort into bringing him back and then he goes dark. Asshole.
Counselor Laura: That’s really good. I always felt guilty because I spent a good portion of Cody's early childhood in and out of rehab.
Me: Again, Carters are not stupid. That was pretty obvious by the fact that she also brought me the things Aunt Peggy left you in her will. A lot of mementos from the other commandos which is better than the Howard diaries I received.
“Hello? Oh, hey Steve, what number are you calling from?” Joey froze when she heard the caller’s name, frantically checking her own pockets in realization. Sure enough, her phone was on silent and had several missed calls from him.
The super soldier scanned his son’s body for injuries, still confused why he was making those heart-wrenching noises.
Plus the blonde was kind enough to not mention the salt starting to show on the genius' pepper, so fairs fair.
“Yeah yeah, but you’d side with anyone against Steve,” Clint pointed out as he turned around in his seat. “Hey, you’re welcome over anytime kiddo,” he said as Nat turned around to smile at her in added confirmation.
She texted her parents at school asking if she could go to her Dad’s office after, wanting his advice on how to win back Xavier. And spend more time with him. Not that that had anything to do with his recent surgery…or whatever.
“This boy at school asked me and I didn’t know what to say. He said he has cousins and aunts and uncles and grandparents and whatever ‘second-cousins’ are?” she asked, staring out the backseat window.
“How upset do you think Pepper would be if we fucked in one of her guest rooms?” The genius asked, settling more comfortably in his husband’s arms.
“Hey yourself, care to join me?” he said without moving from his lazy position, put still patting the spot next to him. She smiled but stopped herself again, looking around before asking.
He rolled his eyes and laughed with his friend, taking a moment to enjoy their view while grilling on the balcony.
“J, lower the volume please,” Pete requested with a smile as he typed in his passcode. He opens the door, rolling his eyes again at the collective groan coming from the pair. They were under the hood of one of his Dad’s old cars, both also already dirty.
“Keep it up and I’ll rip up the drawing,” his boyfriend threatened just as Tony grabbed the drawings and held them to his chest.
“Now, I know you love her. I see it all the time and I’m willing to give you the benefit of the doubt…which is why I’m dropping you off to think about what you want to
“Shh, it’s okay, I’ve got you,” he whispered to the crying child in his lap. His heart broke a little knowing what this was. Another goddamn nightmare about her goddamn monster of a father. His arms tightened protectively around his kid, peppering the top of her head with kisses and further whispers of reassurance.
“-You love him.” That statement, which maybe Daci shouldn’t have said, seemed to have broken Clint. “I can read people Clint. I see it.”
“You know what’d be an even better apology? A gift from your billionaire boyfriend, you’ve seen how old my car is right?” Steve threw his head back in laughter, smiling at his friend who had joined him, wondering momentarily if he was teasing or not.
Tony looked back down at Joey, noting that his hospital gown was starting to get damp from her tears. He squeezed her a little tighter before bringing a hand up to card through her hair. He had known that this could’ve been a possibility, her not listening to Steve’s orders to go to May’s.
“I think that’s than enough for today, Emerson. If you’d like, I can start seeing you weekly?” She didn’t hesitate before nodding, smiling at the warm woman sitting across from her.
"Now, you had an accident in your Spiderman pajamas. Do you want another pair of Spiderman or something else?"
She reread the passage a few times, really absorbing the words. “Emerson?” she had asked quietly, never having heard of him. Wendy noticed her question, glancing behind her to look at the paper.
“I can’t carry Barton and Morgan at the same time,” her Tati argued, even if she knew he was teasing.
“I know, but still. We have to be extra considerate about her. The men she’s had in her life have been…sexual deviants and it wouldn’t do any good to show her we’re no different.”
Around 6pm he got a call from the station that flowers and balloons had arrived for him. He and Sam had just dropped a patient off at the hospital when his curiosity got the better of him. Sam smiled as they made their way back to the station, running ahead of Steve to check the note himself. He let his friend read the note as his inspected the bouquet of wild flowers.
Steve turned to his husband before gently scooting Tony over to make room for the super soldier. He carefully sat next to his love, moving his hand to gently touch his chest. The arc reactor was dim under the hospital gown, but he knew it well enough to draw every detail…which he has done several times in his drawing pads. He moved his hand to grab Tony’s, gently pulling it up so he could cradle it with both hands. He leaned down and placed a few dozen tiny kisses to his hand, eyes closed while he did it. He moved to lay his love’s hand against his cheek, opening his eyes to look again at his Tony.
She chugged the glass, wishing not for the first time that she had just listened to her Dad. Sometimes her curiosity got the best of her…and sometimes, like today…her stupidity got the best of her.
"You could try talking to your husband," the kid suggested sarcastically, smirking at his Dad. Tony returned the retort with his own suggestion.
“Really?” Steve asked, not able to keep the ire out of his voice. He felt guilty though when Tony immediately deflated at that.
“Okay...I really thought I told you-” James began, hands up in surrender as Clint quickly interrupted him.
Her thoughts are interrupted when the front door opens, freezing in her tracks before quickly sitting on the bed waiting for the inevitable.
you do not contact that two faced tramp who sat back and watched you get your ass kicked.” That had her stopping in her tracks. It took him a moment to realize, rolling his eyes as he walked back to her.
Steve stood there for another moment, hands on his hips as he tried to think about who Bucky’s crush could possibly be - since he never leaves the tower. And he must know Nat is with Bruce...or maybe he didn’t? Shaking his head of his thoughts, he wiped the counter before asking JARVIS to turn off the lights as he walked to his bedroom.
Most of the time, he’d roll her crib in and sleep next to her to keep her safe. But sometimes Steve would build a little pillow-wall around her and curl up on the remainder of the futon. He didn’t trust himself not to squish her, as he’d recently gone through a little growth spurt, plus the little tyke could roll like a goddamn champ. It just always made him sleep easier knowing she was safe and close by.
“You don’t wanna watch that?” Tony asked with a laugh, loving every time he got to witness what a good marriage looks like.
“What was her name?” Joey asked skeptically, unsure if this was some kind of stunt. She wasn’t eighteen…so this bitch was in trouble if she was actually with the paparazzi.
“M’pretty sure you claimed the corruption title on our last date…” Steve teased right back, grabbing the brunette by his hips to pull him into his embrace. The Omega practically purred in delight and shifted to kiss the blonde in greeting. It only lasted a moment before they heard tiny footsteps quickly approach them.
"Finish your sentence, what was I doing just last night?" the blonde said with a smirk. The genius returned the smile as he glared a little at his husband.
“Ha. Yeah only when alcohol is involved,” Clint answered honestly as he laid back against the bed and stared at the ceiling. “If you go gossiping though, we’ll both deny it...and Rumlow will try to kick your ass.”
“I don’t know how to swim,” the boy said dejectedly, as if they would judge a seven year old for not knowing how to swim.
, you could have them help you steal cookies!” Tony said in excitement as he walked to two over to the cookie jar.
“Wow,” Clint breathed out happily, grabbing Bucky’s hand in his and squeezing gently. “Would you really go right now?” he asked curiously, smiling when the brunette chuckled.
“What if–” he asked loudly, brushing past Rhodey’s point, “–he dumps me for drinking? I would never do it around Peter, but the way he judges people who drink alcohol?”
He almost caved then and there, before remembering Bucky’s lecture about ‘how to dress his daughter who would be seen in public.’
child." Both she and Peter loudly whined in protest, knowing where this was going as the once-chameleon quickly popped out of the cushions.
She watched with a fond smile before leaning her head against his shoulder, wondering if her father would be more comfortable with babies if he had met her as one. That almost put her on a spiral of bad thoughts but it was interrupted when she felt a kiss on the top of her head.
“It’s fine, Pop, just more people to be on my side, right?” he asked as he started making himself a plate. “I am right in assuming you’ll both be on my side, right?”
! He’s responsible for my arm,” Bucky said, way more drunk than Steve and waving his metal prosthetic around.
Tony stayed seated a moment longer, smiling when Peter threw an arm around Emerson’s shoulder as they walked down the hall. He felt Steve shift on the couch to stand up, offering a hand to the billionaire. Tony took it gratefully, accepting the warm embrace his husband pulled him into when they were both standing.
“Oh that is…not as much fun as Steven,” she said sincerely. He laughed fondly at that, nodding in agreement.
Steve was in school to be an EMT at this time. Her dad, Bucky, had left some money behind, letting Steve go to school and watch her full time. However, the closeted twenty-seven year old wasn’t exactly educated in the whole ‘menstrual cycle’. So it’s funny now, thinking about the two of them freaking out about blood in her underwear. She literally brought him the soiled panties while he was cooking dinner. They panicked, ended up burning the food and setting off the smoke alarms. Then the cramps started and Joey legit thought she was dying; which meant Steve did a quick Google search after extinguishing the small fire. She couldn’t move, curled up on herself on the couch after he helped her get to the living room. Then Steve drove to the nearest store – bringing back pads, Midol, chocolate ice cream and a heating pad (apparently a little old lady saw him struggling and helped him after he explained the situation)
Steve and Bucky paired off while Clint and Natasha did the same, the two groups separating to cover more ground. Steve held his hand up to signal Bucky to stop, but he could hear her voice. Not the voice of the sweet angel that had saved his life.
“Tony?” he asked, reaching his hand to cover one of Tony’s. His husband looked at him a moment before offering a half-smile.
"I carried them both, they better look like me," Helen teased as she walked over to kiss her in-laws in greeting, pulling her phone out to snap a few pics as the baby playfully grabbed Steve's nose.
She deflated when the nurse frowned at her and added, “I’m sorry ma’am, but if you don’t have any ID then –”
“Actually, that last video you showed me? He’s looking more and more like May,” she said – just out of spite, as she gathered her things and walked over to kiss him on the cheek.
Tony couldn’t stop pacing, ignoring the numerous people telling him to stop. Offhandedly, the thought that it was ten years to the day since they’d graduated high school flashed across his mind. Huh...that means their ten year reunion would be soon. Good thing he had a valid excuse to skip it.
She stepped out of the elevator and walked into the living room to find Peter and Steve drawing on the couch together. They both looked up and smiled at her, turning their attention to her to greet the teen.
She nodded, wiping her eyes with the palms of her hands to rub away the tears. She turned to smile at her other two uncles before she went to find her guys.
Tony answered them as politely as he could, looking at his Alpha who was cringing throughout the conversation. The Omega himself was still experiencing a bit of emotional whiplash, but tried to push his feelings aside to help his mate feel better.
“Oh, cool, hi Amanda,” Joey greeted the young girl. She smiled and waved back, remaining silent next to the teen. “What are you guys up to?” she asked Cara.
“Of course, cub. But that doesn’t mean you can use that word for evil. Like you two ganging up on me.”
“Great!” Daci replied enthusiastically, jumping up to change her clothes and put on her shoes. She knew her father didn’t like this idea, but she didn’t like the idea of Vivienne. So if he wanted her to spend time with Vivienne, it didn’t mean she had to be
“Nope, one and done mister designated driver,” Steve said with that shit-eating grin of his. Bucky resisted the urge to smack it.
She read and reread the page several times, flipping it over to check out the address and time of the venue before flipping back to reread it. Her initial reaction had been panic, but after a moment she realized she felt...kind of numb.
They had at least half an hour before the gods arrived, taking full advantage of those thirty minutes.
After hearing that Joey had smoked weed and given herself a seizure, Tony mentally prepared himself to tell his husband.
"That's why you don't want me?" a tiny sad voice asked next to them, startling the Colonel and trained superhero. Tony looked down at the boy, feeling his own eyes get misty and his heart break at the sight of him. He quickly moved to squat down next to Miles, one hand resting on his shoulder in reassurance.
"Uncle Thor is embarrassed, that means it's good," Emerson said as she sat up and focused on the story at hand.
“I wanna be nakey!” she shouted, continuing running around the living room. Their mom laughed before going to the kitchen to start on dinner.
“Hurry up Steve, you know she’s itching to start walking,” Bucky said as his baby babbled and tried again to crawl away from him. She was only in a diaper, since the nine and a half month old was going through a no-clothes phase. Since birth.
None of these reasons were necessarily justifiable, but Tony ignored that in favor of his plan, which first required that shower.
“Holy shit I think I’m in love,” Steve blurted out, face red when Tony turned to him incredulously. It wasn’t like the brunette wasn’t thinking the same thing, so he let out a laugh that the blonde quickly joined in on. “I just...I’ve never felt this...connection with anyone else. Ever.”
“Jo,” he said quietly, “you’re okay, you’re not in trouble sweetheart.” The shock on her face only made him laugh, which just further confused the teen. He continued approaching her, though considerably slower, as she stood frozen in place. He wrapped his big arms around her in a hug as she felt the entire anxiety from this evening squeeze out of her body and soul.
,” Steve said, putting a little of his Voice into it to return the favor. Plus a part of him knew his mate was teasing him and Steve was a troll at heart. Cause while Steve was behind a desk gathering his things, he knew Tony was in a room with other people judging by the background noise.
He took the opportunity to wipe his glasses off with his shirt as he thought about how much he loved that girl. Jarvis interrupted his thoughts with an announcement.
She winced as she shifted off of him, guilt still fluttering in her stomach at thinking of Tony having heart surgery earlier.
“Okay...so I’m sure you’ve noticed - cause you’re a witch,” he paused to take a gulp, smiling into the cup as he saw her mock glare at him, “that Clint has some...issues…”
“Yeah they are going on a date tonight,” Daci said, watching as Peter’s expression went from nervous to relaxed.
“Looks he’s not the only one who needs to get laid. Happy to lend you my services, Romanoff,” Rumlow sneered at her as she offered him a middle finger in response.
“And Sam, and Nat, and Clint, and Rhodes, and Pepper and May,” Tony said assuredly. Steve smiled and nodded, seeing where he was going with this. Fuck he loved this man, felt incredibly lucky to have him. Especially now when he needed him.
“Yeah, like my name is James Buchanan Barnes, your full name is Daciana Grace Barnes. At least, that’s what I had put on your birth certificate.”
She pulled her ragged dress back down and hurled herself up off the filthy mattress, feet making contact with the cold concrete floor. She looked around the room before her eyes fell on a window near the door. She didn’t have time to think as her legs moved for her. Not caring if they could hear her, only knowing that she had one shot before one of those perverts came back to continue this cycle. She was able to slide it open, ignoring the squeaks it made. Her feet made contact with grass when she heard the door open and then the roar of those monsters. She ran. Not looking back, not caring that she was barefoot and some of the trail was rocks, she ran and ran and ran until she reached her destination.
“When I was six, my mother gave birth to my little sister, Samantha Rose. She left me to take care of her while she went back to her life of shooting up and putting out with any and anybody. And for two weeks, I loved my baby sister. I changed her, I fed her, I sung to her. And when she was two weeks old,
“Yeah, sure. Yeah, sure,” the brunette mumbled as he stumbled out of the room. Steve took a moment to look at the two very confused four year olds, wondering if he could do this.
She wishes now she could go back in time. Wished she’d been nicer to Wendy, even if to her credit she couldn’t predict the drunk driver that one week later took her life. She was the first adult who actively gave a damn about her. One of the few, one of the only.
He was smiling at her as her thoughts drifted, waiting for her to return the smile before exiting his car.
"Cause we're different colors?" Miles asked innocently. Tony couldn't help but laugh a little at that, how easy such an innocent mind could simplify such a delicate topic. He nodded, not wanting to lie to the boy.
“Food doesn’t have taste anymore,” she grumbled as her Pop groaned and turned off the stove before he sharply turned to her again.
"He means you have good taste, little man," Peter said with a laugh as they were interrupted by Steve.
“Why is he my son when he makes you mad but your son when he wins all the science and math trophies?” The two men smiled at each other, before leaning in to kiss.
The Captain drummed his fingers against the counter, wondering why the two had gotten into a fight on the first day of school.
And that’s when Steve lost his shit, doubling over in laughter as the realization of the situation clicked in his brain.
“I think your Daddy is saying she’s been punished enough. And I know for a fact Joey feels really bad about abandoning you last night, Petey. She told me herself,” the blonde said more gently as he reached a hand up to rub their boy’s back.
“Nice to know you haven’t lost any of that obnoxious sincerity,” Buck retorted sarcastically, causing Steve to send his oldest friend a glare. Which the brunette promptly ignored.
“Yeah...but I plan on coming back…?” James responded quietly, scooting forward to wrap his arms around the blonde in comfort.
“Yeah hot stuff, you got a problem with that?” he challenged with a raised brow, excited to see Steve’s blue eyes flicker in excitement. He pushed Tony back so they were both spread across the couch, careful not to put his full weight on the smaller man.
“These are your drawings?” Tony asked quietly, gently taking the notebook in his hands as his beautiful boyfriend smiled and blushed.
“You still wanna do this bambino?” Tony asked, secretly wishing for a different answer. But his stubborn pup nodded before grabbing his Daddy’s hand and leading the three inside the mall.
“Come on Tony, don’t play dumb with me. I know the chances of high school sweethearts surviving long distance relationships is minimal to none.”
“Ever heard of the Winter Soldier?” Tony asked, pulling out espresso to make them lattes when he heard Rhodey sputter next to him.
“Did...did you just say her name?” Tony asked the baby with a scowl, confusing the girl. “You couldn’t have said Daddy?! That is so close to Daci!”
He found a nice bench they could chat on in the hospital’s small park. He was grateful there wasn’t anyone else nearby, sure his son needed some privacy.
” she pleaded quietly as she couldn’t help the kick that followed. He paused for a moment, presumably shaking his hand out by the sounds in the air, before asking her
A few bruises and cuts, but still the same ridiculous dad. His smile grew when he saw her, eyes staying on him even as her Pops moved her to take his place on the bed. She handed her Pops the folder absentmindedly.
He partially understands why Joey wouldn’t tell him. She had snuck out to see her homophobic grandmother while she lied to him about it. He’d be furious to find that out. And of course he was, but he was also upset about the amount of secrets she’s been keeping from him lately.
“Steve,” the pup whined, drawing out the first ‘e’. “Those aren’t dorsal fins! They’re bony plates! Dinosaurs and fish aren’t the same thing.”
"Miles is currently in the living room with his elder siblings, sir." Tony smiled as he made his way to the kitchen, knowing he'd need coffee before properly functioning.
“If I start having a panic attack I need you to figure out a way to distract me,” Peter grumbled into his shoulder, squeezing the man tightly.
“Say the word, Steve, and I’ll take care of it.” He stole a glance at his long-time friend, glad to see her smiling back but also noting she was being serious.
“Tony, you are incorrigible,” his husband complained with his eyes closed, only getting a laugh from the brunette in bed.
she said before the line clicked. He put his phone in his pocket, excited to go tell the news to the easily excited toddler…and release his friend from his temporary prison.
Tony grabbed his collar and pulled him down for a kiss, settling for making it a long one instead of going with plan A.
“And what am I saying now?” his boyfriend asked, eyes suddenly bulging and crossed and looking so crazy Clint couldn’t help but chuckle.
“Yeah,” she said agreeing and turning to smile at him in his rearview mirror. “I guess I was just wondering about my mom’s family. What happened to them, Dad?”
She sat on her Uncle Thor's lap as she watched her dads take their first dance as husbands. It was a small wedding, just the Avengers along with Pepper and Happy. Aunt Tasha had been her Daddy's best man while Uncle Steve had been her Tati's. Uncle Bruce had initiated it while Peter and Harley had been ring bearers and Morgan had been the flower girl. Daci stood next to her dads and had been included in the exchanging of vows, where her Daddy promised to love and support her forever. He had also adopted her, and the family of three had poured different colored sand into a glass vase. Daddy's was purple, Tati's was red while hers was blue. The three colors swirled around each other in the vase, which was currently at the head table for all to see. She was thinking of where on their floor the vase should go when the crowd cheered and Daci looked up in time to see her Tati dip her Daddy as the song finished.
“It’s a big mansion buddy,” he said as he pulled the boy onto his lap, arms wrapping around his tiny figure. “She’s probably exploring the other floors, okay? If you want we can ask Jarvis to ask her to come see us over the intercom? Would that make you feel better?” Peter nodded before burying his face in Tony’s shirt, the brunette kissing the top of the toddler’s head in reassurance.
the other Alpha’s babies! So it’ll only be their bloodline! And he said Steve will get you pregnant so he can have an heir! And...and when you do, he’ll push me out of the family. And I’ll have to go live with Father,” Harley said in between hiccups before bursting into more tears.
Those gorgeous blue eyes shined bright with his smile, taking the phone to look closely at the picture. He gently pulled his other arm from around Em to feel the back of his head, smiling further at the realization.
“Careful, you’re a-hankering for a spanking there my friend,” the vigilante said as he waved the knife in Peter’s general direction.
"Oh, Miles, my sweet little brother. Do you know what those men were doing? The ones that Deadpool killed?" she asked gently as Miles shook his head no.
“I’m here for the weekend!” Peter shouted excitedly as he ran to jump into Steve’s arms. The blonde caught him, but not before he got a bony knee to the stomach. Joey groaned next to him as he felt her shift away on the couch, the blonde kissing his son’s cheek in greeting and withholding his own grimace in favor of hugging the boy.
“You think you’ll be okay to sleep in the guest room?” Tony asked. She only shrugged in response, causing the two men to share a look of concern.
“No no, I was thinking the three of us go out for the day. There’s museums, a nearby carnival, whatever fun we can do that’s 3 year old age appropriate.”
“You cry every time you watch the FRIENDS finale,” Peter sneered at him while he got into the driver’s seat.
bitch,” the teen said, wholly exhausted. “And secondly - what kind of crazy cunt wants a thank you from their child that they didn’t
," Miles said as he bit into his food. Emerson looked at Wade, whose eyes were still closed in pain, before looking over to Peter who shrugged in response.
“Aw, you know me so well Esteban. Yes that is exactly why. Also because I’m sure I’m going to make a beautiful redhead.”
So needless to say, she was distracted at school. And because she was, she ended up getting detention from her favorite teacher – Mr. Jefferson. Who, she swears, has a personal vendetta against her.
“I’m...fine Sourpatch. How have you been?” he asked as he finished with the two lattes, handing the one without vanilla to Rhodey. The Lieutenant Colonel just stared at him, not grabbing his cup while Tony gladly inhaled half of his own. “What?”
"Emerson," he said gripping both hands on her shoulders. "Did you just consciously try to jump out the window?" She shook her head no in reassurance, unsure if he figured out it was a flashback.
“Steve, sweetheart, be a dear and make sure Howard stays pg please,” Maria said to the blonde, who chuckled and kissed Tony’s cheek before following the two out of the room. “Now, how are you my bambino?”
The question hit Tony in the very gut currently carrying the bundle of cells that would become their child.
When they arrived at the wolves, she squirmed off Clint to get down. Once on her feet, she bolted towards the glass and pressed her face up against it. There they were, beautiful dark grey wolves. In the corner in a makeshift cave, she could make out a few cubs playing.
“Alright, now that we’ve ordered. Obadiah, if you’re trying to steal the company from me, I won’t let that happen,” Tony said bluntly. He couldn’t help but frown when the man bellowed in laughter.
The brunette perked up at that, brows shooting up in surprise as if no one had asked him this before.
"Oh no I am not falling for that, but I'll grab you some of Tony's clothes as payment," Tati said before leaving the bathroom to grab some clothes.
Bucky took a step back reflexively, not enjoying the billionaire coming into his space and also taking a deep inhale through his nose. He simply glared at the man, knowing that if he were to strike the spoiled man-child, it would mean fighting with Steve and possibly Romanoff.
“Not at all, Lilli will make an adorable Pocahontas,” Em said loudly before lowering her voice to continue. “I wanted to be Mulan anyway.”
“There you are!” Bucky returned the enthusiasm, squatting down and reaching his arms out to invite her in for a hug.
“You have a lot of built up vacation days, Captain,” Fury said as he stood up to exit. Steve stood as well, reaching out for the extended hand to shake in farewell. “I suggest you use some.” Steve nodded at the man, exhaustion making him immediately agree with his suggestion as he gathered his things to leave.
She was about ninety nine percent sure she had a bladder infection, evident by the incredible pain whenever she peed and the subsequent cramping. Unfortunately with her past, she was well aware of the symptoms from a urinary tract infection. She'd had them frequently growing up and knew cranberry juice would help. Her birth parents were against hospitals, since they could easily find more evidence of her abuse, so she only knew of that gross juice to help.
Her parents left early Friday morning, and Nat and Clint worked until eight. She thought about that at school, wondering what she’d do with those precious hours between school and promising her pseudo-fam she’d be home on time.
He smiled at Wade as the man smiled back, hugging the boy tighter into his embrace as they walked along back to the car; refusing to let homophobic idiots ruin their perfectly happy day.
Everything was looking great with the pregnancy, prompting the pair to decide to start telling people.
“You’re ridiculous,” Peter said fondly, checking the rear-view mirror to still see his oldest asleep in the back.
“Seriously?!” she asked, laughing and squirming from her new height. He walked the two to the living room, planning on tossing her onto the couch.
“Joey, wake up, you’re having a nightmare.” Her eyes shot open and blinked at him a few times. He offered a half-smile in return, once again wondering if he should’ve gotten Steve for this.
“And...the pup?” he asked even though Howard had explained to him the chances of the premature pup surviving. Tony was only about seven and a half months along.
"James, come back and take off your coat!" they heard Joey shout as the toddler ran into the living room.
“Steve you are such a horrible liar, now gimme,” Tony said with grabby hands, only smiling when the blonde playfully rolled his eyes before obliging.
Peter realizes after an hour of playing games on the tablet that this is the first time his Pop used him for comfort. His Dad had done it plenty of times, especially when Peter was young and Pop was away on mission. He slept in his dads’ room a lot, but especially when his Pops was away and even found his Dad had curled up into his own bed on some of those nights. He remembers his Dad coming home from work and just pulling Peter into his lap in comfort as he was reading or watching TV or playing video games. He wouldn’t interrupt Peter for long, just enough to get him comfortable before Peter resumed whatever he had been doing.
They sat in silence for another moment, Bucky watching Clint bite his lip as he waited patiently for an answer. Whatever the blonde decided, he would respect it. He owed him that much.
“Really?!” flabbergast – one of his new favorite words – Steve stepped out of the elevator, heading towards their bedroom.
Tony shifted a little to lay his head on his husband’s shoulder, smiling as the man responded by gently kissing his face a few times.
“Mad I see. Well pup, looks like you could punch something.” Harley’s scent immediately changed as he looked up at Steve, who momentarily forgot about the circumstances and just felt the love he had for this pup.
“Yes!” Tony said as he continued laughing, “that’s why it’s even funnier!” Steve couldn’t help the chuckle that came out at that, offering Jo a half shrug in response when she turned her look of betrayal at the blonde.
"You two idiots finally figure it out?" Natasha said sweetly, holding a cup carrier with what looked like two cups of coffee. Clint made grabby hands towards the redhead who handed him one cup and gave Bucky the other.
He only slightly juggles his loaded arms on the ride up the elevator before asking Jarvis, "hey J, where are my parentals?"
Buck followed them, sipping on his coke as the two made their way into a secluded room. Inside were a few people that he recognized but he steered toward the redhead he always thought was cool.
"Steve! Hey man, I'm Pat we spoke on the phone?" an elderly gentleman asked as he walked over to the blonde and extended his hand in greeting. Steve smiled as he returned the gesture.
Standing next to her father was a tall blonde woman, bright red lipstick on a pretty face with a lean body. She was in a pretty green dress and kept laughing at whatever her father said. They were speaking in hushed tones, and add that to the pounding in her ears, her super soldier hearing couldn’t make out what they were saying.
“Xavier doesn’t smoke weed,” Tony said carefully, also suddenly curious. “Who was the one Sam told us abandoned you once the medics showed up?”
“’No’, I taught you that and immediately regretted it,” he said, cherishing her laugh. He took another breath before confessing the absolute truth.
“Leo, you coming?” the genius asked nonchalantly as he strolled towards the kitchen. Peter turned to the kid, who was actually watching the arachnid carefully. “Hey,” his Dad continued, speaking directly to Leo as the seven year old slowly turned back toward the man. “You’re in my house, so it’s my rules,” the older man said while guestering around, finally getting a smile from the boy.
“Ah, and how did the router ‘accidentally fall’ from the table?” Tony asked as the kid shrugged his shoulders in answer, a smile still evident on his face. “Uh huh, well why don’t you help Steve and I’ll go have a look, okay?” the brunette asked before leaving the two blondes alone.
“Papa can I get on your shoulders too?” Peter asked when he saw Daci. The blonde quickly obliged, settling the boy on his shoulders before pushing the stroller along. Daci turned back, hoping to see her father just as excited to see the wolves, but only frowned when he was laughing at something Vivienne was saying.
Joey stared at the woman…considering her words as she still wasn’t sure if she could fully trust her. The train whistle blew from a distance, indicating her train was arriving at her stop. She looked at the woman before continuing on her path.
at 3am after putting me through 16 hours of labor. She had her father’s eyes and her mother’s…stubbornness,” she finished carefully.
“I’m working on the theory of self-sustaining energy. Creating a clean energy source that will never need recharging. For example, if my calculations are correct, this device should be able to power the mansion for six months,” Tony asked as he pointed at the machine.
“I take it back, you’re an evil genius,” Tony murmured while Steve turned him around to lean against the wall, squatting behind him to use his mouth to open him up. Steve used his hands to spread those gorgeous cheeks apart, the blonde smiling at the cute pink swirl waiting for him before answering his husband.
Steve internally kicked himself, feeling guilty for being so insensitive; guilt not easing even when his husband sweetly kissed his cheek in comfort.
“Do you really want me to go?” the older teen asked, because although he was mad at himself he was also petty and frustrated with his non-communicative boyfriend. “Clint...I love you. And I know something’s wrong. I really wish you’d see a therapist or take some meds-”
“Give Petey my love and tell him I’ll see you guys on Thursday,” she said after Tony easily accepted the kiss, waving at her as she made her way to the elevator.
A few days after they returned from their Avenger’s mission, Peter had asked to speak to his dads in private. The three made their way to his and Tony’s bedroom, leaving Emerson to watch TV in the living room. Steve was guessing it had something to do with Wade, who they still haven’t had time to meet. The three sat on the Californian King before Peter spoke.
Tony laughed as Steve felt himself smile fondly at them. Maybe even taking his phone out to snag a few pics in the process. His husband quickly conceded and rushed over to join the group, blowing Steve's mind as he'd never seen him this excited about "wild animals."
“I’d like to see you again,” Steve said with as much confidence as he could muster, looking back into those chocolate brown eyes. Tony simply smiled back at him as the waitress brought the bill.
“Xavy’s fine, still feels guilty though,” she responded to her Dad as she focused on scooting next to her brother to color with him.
“Is it okay? I wasn’t trying to imply…” his insecure husband began before Steve shook himself of his senses enough to close the gap between them and kiss that brilliant man. After a moment he pulled away and leaned his forehead against his love’s.
Only a few more chapters left of this story! Thank you all for such lovely comments <3 it honestly inspired me to write way more than intended
He placed a gentle hand on the door, savoring the feeling of love before turning to walk back to his car.
She also stole a glance in the mirror, frowning at how very red her ass and upper thighs were. She quickly but again, gently, put the pj bottoms on before walking to her parents’ bedroom. She had to stop once along the way to readjust her pants, suddenly feeling childish enough to confidently walk in.
deal with this later. How does that sound?” he asked before looking at both of them for confirmation.
“You’re totally making it up in your head,” his husband agreed with him later. He finally emerged from the lab (after Steve had made the man another latte, of course) and watched Steve make dinner. Sitting on the counter like a child and not bothering to help the man.
“What did Pappy say to you, bear? I know he told you to fight dirty…” Steve said in a sing-song voice, dodging another punch and blocking a kick from the pup.
“If it’s any consolation,” his Pop said as he rejoined them, “your father does nothing but drive me crazy. But continue, Pete.”
“Don’t you and I need to talk?” Steve asked him, bringing his plate to the dinner table. The brunette added a groan for good measure, not liking the sudden turn of events.
She glanced at her from her window seat, a small smile appearing on her face as the woman smiled and waved goodbye. The ride home was only about fifteen minutes, and she spent that time day-dreaming about having a grandma.
“Thank you…Peter,” he said, laughing immediately at his own joke as Joey grabbed a pillow and smacked it on his head
Look, he loved his niece, he really did. But she threw their entire world into a chaotic tail spin - with no sign of a light at the end of this shit-producing tunnel. There was barely enough room in their shitty apartment for the three of them, let alone a baby and all the extra stuff that comes with it.
“What?! Even me?” Joe asked in a whiny voice just as Steve grabbed Tony’s arm and led them to the stairs.
“Is it your mental health?” he asked gently, getting Clint’s eyes watery as he shook his head no again. “What is it, doll?” James asked sweetly, moving to sit down in front of the blonde.
“Aw hell yes!” her brother exclaimed as he turned to his sister. “Come on Em, I know you love hash browns,” he said encouragingly as he walked over and elbowed her.
“We’ve dealt with plenty of horny drunks before ma’am,” Sam said as he gathered his equipment, getting a laugh from the injured man and a scoff from the brunette.
“Am I in trouble?” Joey asked as her hands subconsciously reached back to cover her behind. “It was my idea, don’t blame Jose.” Steve was proud of her honesty while Buck was somehow even more upset.
“Morgan said her second word. It was Tony,” Daci informed the blonde who only laughed at the explanation.
"That son of a bitch has Emerson?" his husband asked furiously, immediately going back over to suit up.
“Well the last few are...you know,” the blonde said as Tony turned to a particularly raunchy drawing of Tony naked on his back, legs spread in invitation.
“We should,” the blonde said as he kept kissing him, “go…” he fumbled when Tony rolled his hips against him. Tony kept kissing him, hands roaming across the broad chest and resting on his nipples, rubbing them over the fabric of his shirt.
Regardless, it wasn’t long before she made it to her destination, thanking the man as she got out. It wasn’t hard to hack JARVIS to find the woman’s address. She approached the stairs, taking them slowly as she ascended and considered what she would say. Stopping in front of her apartment, she took another breath before knocking loudly.
“After we lost, truly lost, Simmons joined the remaining Guardians with Deke to find the ship that Fitz was cryogenically frozen on. You at least heard Rocket’s voice on that video. Tony referred to him as a build a bear.”
Me: And the president would like to keep it that way. And in the interest of transparency, I should probably let you know that I’m having this coffee date to talk to the president about choosing someone halfway competent to be the new head of the agency in charge of enforcement of the Accords.
Me: You realize that nobody lets Liberty do anything? I mean, that’s why our now former boss gave him that name. If Liberty wants to do something, he will do it because he’s a stubborn asshole. We wouldn’t be in this situation right now if Liberty wasn’t so stubborn. His boyfriend is in a coma. If it was Linda, you couldn’t keep me away.
“I’m not writing that,” Steve sighed. “Especially because it almost sounds like I’m dating you because of your connections to my past which is not true,” he reassured.
Also, apparently there are a few of you who are still unhappy with my decision to have Steve incapacitated in interlude 11 to keep him from walking headfirst into a trap that would’ve got him at best kidnapped and turned into a government science experiment and at worst killed. I stand by my creative choice. I have several family members with mental illness and I have been in a position where I’ve had to make a choice about how far I would go to keep this family member from hurting themselves or others. The choices are never easy but I made them because they were necessary.
May: I think it would be an understatement to refer to Thor as being extremely depressed right now. He blames himself for what happened. He lost the rest of his family in a matter of days. He also went for the heart instead of the head.
Counselor Laura: Look, I know you’re mad at me because I’m here and she’s not. I get that, but if you help, maybe we can get her and the babies back.
Steve has been in enough fights to know when he’s about to be punched. Happy just had that look in his eyes. Steve was going to let him get in one shot before incapacitating him. However, that’s when Agent Piper pulled out an Icer.
Me: Also, Jane has decided that me and my new boyfriend are going to have to do the New York Times article. Someone’s going to interview us when we are in Mumbai for the wedding. It will make it all extra romantic. God, I despise PR damage control. You are so doing interviews once you’re no longer a criminal.
But unlike in the first story, Tony and Steve have more free time. They know this is just between them. They don’t have to come up with fake answers. I feel like we are going to get through this much faster than the first time.
The Baltimore Incident refers to a slightly AU version of the events from the Emmy nominated Agents of Shield: Slingshot.
Me: The current Captain America is kind of head over feet for Agent Agent and she’d rather deal with blue aliens than her feelings. I think it’s why we kind of like each other. I’m with Stefan Carter, who may look a lot like Steve Rogers, but is a total different person.
Me: May says he’s planning not to look for me. But she did give me a phone to contact him in an emergency. He sent me a message saying that he hopes I will be on call the next time aliens invaded.
Jemma: I don’t want you to. Considering he’s married to you in another timeline, I don’t think it would be an issue.
Quick note, this chapter takes place only a few hours after the last one. Also, to clarify, in chapter 7 FRIDAY really did send those emails to Steve.
"If it was just the job, I would’ve locked you and Stark in a room together to work out your problems like Fury ordered me to. But you were more lost than I was after Bahrain and I was just starting to deal with that when Phil was killed in New York. I needed to focus on something and helping you helped."
Tony told me last week that you wanted to speak with me. I wasn’t ready to talk to you. I made some excuse about it being too dangerous, but we both know better. If you or your bosses wanted me back, I would be in that white cage on your new Quinjet right now. I got a very close look yesterday when I met your formally dead best friend who you were in love with, but never told. Considering he only threatened to send my body back to the Arctic if I hurt Tony, I assume he doesn’t know about what happened when you thought he was dead. Does he even know that you’re in love with him? You should tell him. After this mess with Tony, keeping secrets does no one any good.
I would just like to say that Tony does not actually know that Thor will know where Bruce is in about a year’s time. Basically, he’s just subbing Thor for God. It just turns out he’s accidentally right.
Agent 13: And Agent Rodriguez said she gave the caterers a list of all the food allergies to the VIPs.
I’m recycling the codenames from my short text message story, Burn Phone after Reading. I decided that there is a universal SHIELD code where the Avengers are concerned. Also, as a reminder, Clint uses fake names for all his family because it’s not paranoia, if they’re really out to get you.
Director Snookums: I'm working on it, but it will be a couple of months especially because you want me to get Laura's husband home first. You still want me to get him home first?
Counselor Laura: I hope. Although that means we need to get all the stones, it would be easier to do if I knew where they were in 2018.
“Can’t. Looking at pictures of us making out. We are adorable and hot.” That’s when Tony showed Steve the image which was a mistake because of course he took the phone.
“And not being an alcoholic because he was a mean drunk sometimes. Not physically, but emotionally." Tony added.
Most people would be uncomfortable with their girlfriend being so distraught over their former lover. I’m not. You were friends long before you were lovers and I think Virginia wants that friendship back. Also, apparently you have a new boyfriend who’s in South Africa. At least that’s what Ms. Rodriguez told me. I really do like her.
Red phone: A political refugee, who made his home here in Manhattan after his whole family was killed, ate the wrong piece of fish and we had to keep him from freezing half of Manhattan and most of the UN because they never bothered to send peacekeeping forces to his homeland.
I don’t even know why Steve is still here. I may have casually mentioned in conversation about preferring a night wedding due to super villains being less likely to attacked and he kind of just smiled and argued that he didn’t want a wedding that late. That might be where the paparazzi are getting ideas about a possible marriage proposal or from the fact I may have already got a ring. I thought I was discreet but I’m not that good at discretion. You’re aware.
Tony: Nick Fury Junior knows everything. There’s not much you can possibly keep from her. She doesn’t share everything with the husband because he’s an idiot. Steve is a cute, adorable, fluffy idiot but still an idiot.
Tony didn’t mind, trying to put his worried thoughts about his pup’s opinion out of his mind as he followed his love to a delicious lunch.
saying that.” Peter just glared at him as the dumbass helped him put a still passed out Leo in the backseat.
He couldn’t help but chuckle a little at that, especially when she threw a pout in his direction. Both their directions, once they heard Steve chuckle as well.
“Tony, what’s that?” Steve asked, squinting at the corner. The brunette sighed heavily, putting his screwdriver down before turning to Steve with an exasperated look.
Steve took that opportunity to drink from his own cup, unable to hide the smile as the brunette still squinted his eyes at the other man.
He wasn’t having that. It wasn’t anyone else’s job to fight his battles. He didn’t let her finish as he got out of the car and walked up the sidewalk to the front door. Before he knocked, he took a look back and saw she had remained in the car, heart panging a little in his chest. He waited a few moments after knocking and tried ringing the doorbell twice. He heard movement behind the door before someone finally opened it.
“It’s okay,” Emerson said, patting Tony’s arm. “I’ve already threatened him with castration and feeding him the remains, should he hurt the fawn.” Peter looked up at the ceiling, muttering something like, “I hate you guys,” as the other three erupted with laughter.
She eventually came to terms that her Dad was gone. Didn’t necessarily make it hurt any less, of course. But the nightmare of losing both at the same time?
“I didn’t say you were, just that it’s not a bad thing that one of People’s “Sexiest Men Alive” said you were attractive,” Sam said as he led the way into the station.
“So then what happened before the cemetery?” Tony asked with concern. Joey shifted in her seat without responding.
She came over every day after school for a week. Steve couldn’t help but notice her slight discomfort and obviously scared nature. She rarely made eye contact and Steve was beginning to wonder what had happened/was happening to this sweet kid. She finally met Tony, who returned from a business trip and was happy to provide embarrassing stories about Peter over dinner. She had stayed for dinner every day that week too. Steve sat quietly at the dinner table, noticing new bruises on Emerson’s arms. His eyebrows furrowed as Tony finished up the story about when Peter almost got run over by a bicycle when he was five because he was chasing a turtle. The old nickname, “Bambi,” was thrown around about Pete to further embarrass his son. When they all laughed, even Peter with his red face, Steve smiled at them as well, growing concern behind his blue eyes. As she did every other day, she refused a ride home and left, thanking her hosts for the delicious meal. Steve decided to talk to Tony as they were cleaning up the dishes.
That’s not to say he didn’t start dating again. He just didn’t necessarily think he’d find a father for Harley. A few lasted long enough to meet Harley, but most backed away when they realized Tony came with extra baggage.
So Steve stood there looking at Tony hungrily as the shorter man slowly brought the shirt off his broad shoulders and rested it on the counter next to them.
he won’t let me punch a girl in the face.” She stole a glance at her Pop whose eyes rolled again, though he was also smiling.
“Well, well, well, do my eyes deceive me? Is that little Ashley Sanchez?” The ring leader in question was sporting a hideous face tattoo and had a wannabe thug vibe to him. The two behind them laughed at his comment, which Peter assumed was some shitty joke. Emerson stood frozen staring at the three, obviously knowing them.
“Must be why Harley loves them so much,” Clint teased, getting a laugh out of Daci. Especially since said child was mimicking the silly monkeys.
son as the big blonde Alpha purred in return. Cheeks adorably flushed pink, scent of happiness and insecurity wafting off him. Unable to resist any longer, Tony leaned forward so he could kiss his pup on the head before turning to kiss his Alpha on the lips.
Tony had graciously decided to be part of the conversation, making sure Steve ‘behaved himself.’ Which only slightly infuriated the blonde.
“Auntie can you get da toys?” she heard one of the toddlers shout, looking behind her at the numerous inflatable toys. She stood up to get out of the pool, climbing out and calling back to her niece and/or nephew.
“Joey! You’re back!” Peter said as he ran around the coffee table to hug her. She easily caught her little brother, returning the embrace as she walked the two back over to Steve. She released the boy who moved to curl up on the couch between the two.
“Bruce told you, didn’t he?” the genius asked, remembering the conversation he had with his favorite scientist about his husband. He got his answer when Rhodey just chuckled.
“She’s hurting, Steve! She misses her old dad, got abandoned by her new one and so she drank. Underage. Get the fuck over it! Honestly, part of me thinks you’ll dump me for my drinking any fucking day now. It’s a coping mechanism. You know what my parents did to help me cope with that when I was her age? They threw me in fucking rehab. What she needs is someone to love her and to listen. Not scream at her and punish her.”
He got his answer when he stepped out of the car and the front door to his house opened. He first saw Tiberius being dragged like a rag doll when he saw Howard behind him, hands on the Alpha’s neck before tossing him onto the lawn. Steve walked over, confused as Tiberius scrambled to stand back up.
But Steve couldn’t find himself to care, especially when Harley dug in to look at more photos, laughing along at the stories his family began to share. His mate was happy next to him, pulling the Alpha down to kiss his cheek in approval.
“No, no I’m so sorry, I was in the middle of tinkering with my latest invention and when you texted I for whatever reason assumed there’d be traffic so I had a few minutes and...must’ve gotten carried away... Again, I’m sorry, I should…” Tony trailed off as he looked down at his stained clothes and greasy hands, “probably go...wash this grease off...”
“You know why they do that right?” Bucky asked in his ear, wrapping his other arm around the blonde to squeeze him. Clint could tell what he was hinting at, but went for feigning innocence.
“I met your ex today,” he answered quietly. He looked up and couldn’t help smiling as Tony’s face scrunched up in embarrassment.
"Good," James said with a wicked grin, pulling him in for one more kiss before leading the two back inside.
Tony and Steve exchanged glances before Steve quipped, “maybe they wanted gossip in addition to being your friend?” Steve stopped himself from adding anything, seeing Emerson shake her head from side to side.
“Steve, I swear I wouldn’t have left without a note, but there was a family emergency…” And oh, using one of the oldest excuses in the book to spare Steve’s feelings…
“He reminds you of Wade,” she concluded quietly. He only nodded in return. “I’m sorry Pete that’s….that’s gotta be tough for you,” she whispered as she looked down at the floor.
"Pete said around four," her Dad said as he started grabbing more pillows and blankets from the closet.
“Yes, I came to apologize. It’s my fault that you were fired. I’m the one who told Director Fury about your relationship with my father,” Daci paused, feeling guilt and shame wash over her for her own actions. “I didn’t trust you, but my father clearly does. And I’m...I’m just sorry I made you lose your job.” She finished with her head hanging low, focusing on her shoes instead of the woman’s anger.
“No! No no. NO. You went through all this trouble, it would be rude of me to not at least sample your act of kindness,” he said seriously, getting a laugh from Steve. He watched his man grab one and pop the whole thing in his mouth, moaning slightly at the food orgasm currently happening behind his plump lips.
?" Steve choked a little on his food as his husband glared at him. It didn't help that his kids were laughing along with him while the genius just pouted. He took pity on his husband as he offered a change in subject.
“No, actually. It’s what I can do for you,” the blonde purred as he reached in his back pocket and handed the teen his wallet. Bucky look adorably confused as he grabbed it and inspected it. Clint couldn’t help but scoff when Bucky opened the wallet and looked at the money.
“As exciting as the idea of doing anything in public is,” Steve said firmly, grabbing Tony’s hand to stop the groping but sporting eyes that promised a ‘one day in the future’ kind of thing, “we should get going. But I...wouldn’t object to like...renting a hotel room. My treat...since you got dinner.”
Her Dad offered her some fresh fruit, smiling behind her for some reason. She looked confused at him before taking some of offered food. Just as she stuffed her mouth full her Dad coughed loudly to get her attention, motioning behind her with his chin. She turned around, eyes bulging as she saw the most beautiful woman on the planet walking towards her, looking offended.
Joey paused, still hugging him close as she regained her balance. “And there’s nothing wrong with being spoiled in hugs. It just means you’re adorable and loved. So anyone that tries to make fun of you for being spoiled? They’re just jealous they don’t get as many hugs as you, Peteroo,” she finished with a loud kiss to his cheek. He giggled again and tried to escape.
am the one that is sorry. You did tell me, or at least you tried to. But I was so caught up in my own bullshit...I think I actively blocked it in my brain. I didn’t want to think about you leaving m-...well. I wasn’t even paying attention to you talk about your future…”
“Yeah well, what these two aren’t telling you is that Peter was joined at Tony’s hip and had Tony immediately wrapped around his little finger. Started calling him Daddy way before calling me Papa.” Tony took the opportunity to look at Peter, his son, before standing up and wrapping his arms around the boy.
“S-Steve, Steve the baby,” Tony wailed out, confused by the sudden happiness that was pushed through the bond.
Even though it seemed he had a personal dislike towards the arachnid, it was obvious he at least semi-trusted Wade. And he definitely liked the twins. To be fair, the seven year old wasn’t a fan of their crying or normal toddler tantrums, but when they were cute and calm he spent a lot of time playing with them.
Rhodey – Jesus he loved that man – was immediately at his side while Steve took the other, standing in front of the man Tony had sincerely hoped he’d never see again.
“Steven,” she said dripping with sass, obviously buzzed as she defiantly downed the rest of her drink.
Daci kept an eye on the woman, unless she was kissing or groping her father. Then she looked anywhere but. She had talked to Clint about it when he was showing her how to shoot her new toy bow. He said it was normal to be selfish about spending time with her father. He wouldn’t say the words, but she could tell he wasn’t a big fan of Vivienne either.
“Yeah, he’s a little older than Steve in this pic. I remember when he told us he was joining the army, we were so proud. Our oldest of three boys. The first time he came back from leave, he met Sarah. They were only nineteen but boy oh boy did my son ever fall head over heels for her. Told us after their first date he was going to marry her. Not sure where this is from, though. Where was this, Sarah?” Helen asked as she handed the other woman the photo.
. If we said no and Em really wanted to, you know she’d find a way,” the genius smiled when his husband chuckled a little, both loving their determined and way-too-similar-to-them girl.
"Right. He used to hurt me, Miles. When I was just your age, he would hurt me. He would...make me do things with him, bad things that kids shouldn't do with adults. And certainly shouldn't be done between fathers and daughters. He would sell me so other men could use me," she explained as Miles' frown took over his tiny face, trying to grasp all the information as she continued.
She eventually stopped in front of the door to Tony’s room, turning to smile at Steve before opening it. He followed her inside as his eyes fell upon a bruised and bandaged Tony. He was surrounded by pillows but still looked better than he had expected.
"Well, that's still no excuse to go in to Daddy's lab late at night. And without adult supervision," the blonde added, getting a chuckle from his kids.
“I invited them,” Tony said from behind him, carrying a sleeping Peter in his arms. The Omega carefully passed the pup to the older Omega, who cooed and walked over to sit on the couch.
The next day he went to work, promising Tony he’d take off the rest of the week. He had some free time, surprisingly, so he joined his team for some lunch.
“Steve?” the pup asked again, which got a hum from the Alpha for the pup to continue. “Did you know...Father and I never built the dinosaur robot he bought me. He said he was too busy and had to work really hard. It’s still in its box.”
“Was he now? Well, sounds like the lad is malnourished. Come along Harley, Pappy’s got some ice cream sandwiches in his office,” the Alpha said to the pup, reaching a hand out to the boy. Harley smiled and grabbed his hand before standing up.
This is essentially an inner dimensional dumping ground of various portals like the one that sent Simmons to the planet of death and Leo back to our timeline. Also, apparently time moves differently here. Maybe just a few hours on Earth, but days or even weeks have past here or at least that’s Friday’s hypotheses. That is not reassuring at all.
HSBF: Actually a little longer. The counselor is waiting for you in our room. He wants to talk to you.
“Because I can’t think coherently when you’re naked and in bed with me. Thankfully, Friday would have totally woke us up in time.”
The title comes from the Lincoln Park song roads on travel. I decided to change the title from the original “I Don't Care If It's the Middle of the Night, I Want to Talk to You”. Part of the reason why I decided to change it is I play that song a lot when I was writing this chapter back in early July  (sometimes these chapters are written months in advance). It seems fitting in light of recent events to change it.
The Mechanic: Very busy, but that’s because I’m going to have to leave in 3 days. There may have also been some long conversations about what changes need to be made to the Accords for the Secret Avengers to be willing to sign them.
HSBF: See it wouldn’t be so awful now. So would you rather have the body or mind of your 30-year-old self?
Tony: I don’t know if I would count the toddler. Right now he mostly likes to finger paint with me and by finger paint, I mean put blue handprints on my $10,000 suits. And that may not even happen anymore, now that they have their dad back. That means even less people in my life.
Nomad: There’s too much damage. We need to be on speaking terms the next time the world almost ends.
I’m going to be in Johannesburg with your boyfriend and his assistant. It’s a precaution. Stark is managing to piss a lot of people off.
I'll try to write more and call more. I'll tell you the important things going on my life and you'll do the same and we’ll try to figure out how to become Tony and Pepper again. Because the truth of the matter is as much enjoyed my girlfriend Pepper, I miss my best friend Pepper more.
Anthony: They are right. You have two options. Ask your King friend to recommend a therapist that he trusts that won’t sell you out to the UN or work with Laura.
“Not as much at MIT. I was there under my mom’s maiden name. Actually, I did a lot of stuff under my mom's maiden name.” Tony explained.
“Inpatient facility or Shield’s version of a secure inpatient facility which basically means spending like a week with Dr. Suarez as he sleeps in one of the white rooms for a while which is good since, he’s kind of sort of fighting with his girlfriend. But he needs that help so as much as I want him here I am going to support his journey to good mental health because that’s what friends do.  I kind of mentioned this earlier.”
"Focus on other things." Of course Steve kissed him again, which made Tony’s mind focus on the wrong thing.
The boss: It was tempting when I found Simmons’ lab stash, but I called Steve to help me get rid of it. I've also gone to an AA meeting a day with Laura and had a few mini therapy sessions with her. But it’s still hard to accept that maybe things are so screwed up right now because I never tried to reach out to Steve before it was too late.
Anthony love: An actual biological child made the old-fashioned way with Pepper. Also, you know I love Pepper Pot, but we probably shouldn’t raise a kid together. He had to be making that up. Everybody knows I can’t have kids at all.
Me: Which is fine because I’ve never been polite. Now he’s talking business. If I find out he’s dating Pepper just for investment reasons, Coulson is going to help me hide the body.
Director Snookums: I know. I know a lot of things that you don’t think I know. How are you enjoying Baltimore right now?
Cousin Q: Thompson’s crush is also your crush. Someday we’re going to have to talk about that triangle and the fact that you two keep trying to set the other one up with said crush.
Tony: I did bring Leo and the boyfriend with me. I now know who Football Hunter is. So apparently, I was with the older twin at the playoff Soccer game when I had my crisis of conscience. He wanted to make sure his younger self didn’t screw things up like he did the first time around. Apparently, those original choices lead to the distraction of the earth and the nearing extinction of the human species eventually.
I hope eventually you’ll stop being angry about me being in Tony’s life. Tony has enough love in him to care for hundreds of people. That means he has space for both of us.
Me: I’m not. Besides, I’m supposed to be giving off the air that I’m retired from the superhero gig. Having a bodyguard gives off that impression.
HSBF: I don’t really want to make jokes about either one of us dying. That’s something that is serious and I don’t want to joke about. I don’t really want to think about it.
Tony: So our wedding will be one month after we get the Accord situation settled? Somewhere at night on a rooftop?
Me: You said he said he was staying until everything was moved upstate. It’s going to take a week to do things as planned. There is a decoy plane flying out from the tower in probably a half an hour, then, everything will be carted upstate by armed trucks that look like innocent milk trucks driven by trained agents.
Me: I don’t think we’re going to discuss all these things before we have to do the interview at the pace were going.
I got your letter. All of them actually, even the ones that you didn’t like. You should probably know that the Princess set the nano paper to directly stream what you are writing. She was worried that you wouldn’t send the letter so she let me read some of your rough drafts, under my therapist’s supervision, of course.
I’ve been wanting to do Coulson Stark snarky banner for a while in this story. I had too much fun doing this conversation.
It is. Tony called me a little while ago after Happy tried to set us up on another date. Robert was not amused. He’s on the trip with me to China because he can work from anywhere. Tony and I are going to try for lunch again on Wednesday since I hope to be back by then. I want to be his friend again too.
Morgan’s dad: That’s good for us, though. When we dropped Laura back, do you think the other Avengers will let us borrow it?
Agent L. Barton: Probably Barnes as well. Tony is working on getting him pardoned as a wedding present, and therapy will be a requirement. Which is fine because he’s been in therapy for a while already.  Unfortunately, the DOD wants to bring their own person in, instead of letting him keep the team he already has in Wakanda. Tony’s fighting the government about that. Since all of Barnes’s issues happened pre-snap, this Barnes probably needs to work through them too.
Me: I just love saying outgoing Secretary. I’m terrified of who’s going to be stepping into the position next.
Tony: I got time, if you have time. I’m going to be in traffic for at least another hour. Besides, you know we should’ve done this exercise on the helicarrier. That so would have prevented us from fighting and then maybe Agent Agent would not have had to go to club Tahiti.
Tony: So many things. I’m surprised she hasn’t quit yet. Her job has been extra stressful lately because of me.
Morgan’s dad: That was before I saw half the world disappear. I'm a bit more grounded now. I really want to know what she did.
Me: She’s next-door. She also prefers Agent America, but that’s only because the guy she is in love with prefers it.
The Big Boss: Because it would be easier for Stefan to come visit you in Malta especially since they’ve left the EU. I’ll see what I can do about Kevin. Although, that means I’ll lose an assistant.
The truth of the matter is I have already changed. The guy that you started dating nearly 6 years ago doesn’t exist anymore. New York changed me. The house blowing up changed me. Siberia changed me. Finding out what Hydra did to three out of four of my parent figures really changed me. It feels like you want me to be who I was before and I can’t go back to that. I just can’t watch the world go down in flames and not do anything. I don’t think you would want to be with somebody who could.
Tony: Which is what I told Laura, and then she pointed out that magically healing my sperm count doesn’t exactly go along with the purple asshole’s MO.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are all absolutely wonderful. So what is Steve supposed to do when Tony is in more mandatory meetings and meeting with the press? Try to make things easier for him.
HSBF: So are you still alive and not imprisoned? I figure if either of those are the case, Melinda or Friday at the very least would let me know if Twitter did not already.
“I like it.” Steve told her as he goes to sit down on the couch. This room felt like an apartment. It was twice as big as what they had in Johannesburg. Then again, there was a big conference and most of the rooms were booked. This was different.
Anthony: Agreed. The misogyny came out loud and clear in those 100 characters. I don’t really care about what he says about me, but Pepper doesn’t deserve this. Pepper didn’t even have sex with me until months after she became CEO.
Director Snookums: Mostly because they actually think I can mind you. Obviously they’re unaware I’ve never been successful.
Okay, it’s not good that they now have their own domestic branch of Watchdogs to deal with. But I feel like they will do something about it. More than the US did before the pre-election blackouts and Senator Hateful’s arrest.
“That’s good. Do you want me to pick you up anything while I’m gone?” Last time he asked for chocolate which she was happy to bring along with peeps. She absolutely loves peeps. She’s going to have to get some of the Christmas ones that Ned told her about.
“This is different. I’ve been doing a lot of study about Prodromal Schizophrenia. I know where this is going,” Leo said darkly.
Blue phone: And I was trying to keep you from killing Bucky because once you stopped running on anger and adrenaline, I think you would’ve regretted it.
“That’s good. We definitely need help. Maybe we got too focus on fixing things to realize that…" Steve trailed off, not sure how to articulate everything he's been thinking about for the last half an hour.
“You're bisexual, though, so it wouldn't just be a beard thing. Sure, you're in a marriage with benefits relationship, but sex is still one of the benefits." Tony said, half-joking.
“That doesn’t matter. I’m not you and she is not my Jemma,” he said turning to Simmons. “You’re right, we should have told you, especially when we switch places, so I could deal with AIDA myself.”
Me: Yes actually, because I think Agent America will cut off his dick if he tries something that stupid again. She is invested mostly because she doesn’t want him running off to be with Agent Agent.
"I think it’s kind of necessary. He’s a smart kid. He’s not going to be fooled for too long." Tony sighs.
“Fine, I will do breakfast or maybe lunch with the good Capt. tomorrow. Just talk to your husband to figure out what happened.”
I almost killed your best friend because he killed my mom. That reaction was pure anger. I know that he was brainwashed and crazy when he did it and I should focus my anger on the last vestiges of hydra but it’s taken a lot of drugs to get to a place of acceptance. I’m trying though, for you and for me. I am even convinced that if your unnamed, female, super genius is able to undo the brainwashing crazy part of his programming that you will not leave me for him. I accept that it is a platonic relationship and sometimes a friendship is just a friendship. But it’s a deep one and I get that. Again therapy works. I’m working towards a better me.
Cara Watson, you asked for a conversation when sober and thankfully for you that was the plan for this chapter. Actually, most of the time Tony will be sober or at least trying to be.
“As long as we both acknowledge that we are working to fix it. We are working to fix this?” Tony asked. Deep down, Tony wants to fix this. He doesn’t know if they will end up where his other self is, but he wants to be somewhere other than where they are now.
Captain tight pants: I don't like the idea of you being dead, so try not to do stupid things that will result in you dying.
“Were you only interested in me because of your job or because you wanted to do something to honor Phil’s memory?" Steve was worried that was the case. Pre-serum, nobody liked him for him outside of Bucky and Peggy. Now he’s afraid of history repeating itself except now it’s Tony and probably Sam.”
Tony: Well, I would suggest that we text each other more but May would kill me, scary May. Actually they’re both scary. I’m afraid of the Mays.
“It’s okay. So far all I have is ‘I’m sorry I fell into a villain trap and tried to kill you when I was in the middle of a tiny nervous breakdown. Does it make you feel better to know that I’m under psychiatric care and my mental health is improving?’”
Tony spits out his coffee when he realized Steve’s pants are obviously undone. They are so trying out this position.
Agent Laura: We’re going to work on the timeline tomorrow and have it ready for the princess 2018. The general was really helpful, and she put me in contact with Rocket and Nebula. They’re on their way to help. They bonded with Deke when looking for Fitz. They also want to get their friends back.
"Coulson never made any records of that electronically. At least that’s what Natasha said." Steve explained.
If you remember, in this story Peggy and Daniel are married to each other. However, in the prime timeline, Daniel was murdered by Hydra in 1955 under the guise that it was the Russian government. This makes Steve Prime seem like less of a dick because Steve going back in time to be with Peggy didn’t mess up another relationship (because he couldn’t deal with Tony’s death). Hydra already took care of Daniel for him. Although not doing anything about Hydra would still make him a dick. Steve’s a dick in my story but not that much of a dick.
Football Hunter: Because it beats long-term inpatient care? Look, you know you couldn’t stay at Shield full-time. It was terrible for your health. Are you worried you made the wrong choice in leaving?
The Mechanic: What do you think about the Spidey mobile? I mean I probably could paint it blue and red, but that might be tacky.
“Now I really want to take your pants off again. Why did you bother putting them back on?” Tony was actually pouting at that point.
My Iron Man life is too dangerous for you to be there. I think my SI life is too dangerous for you too, but you have been there so long that if I try to give you to another company, you'll probably cut off my balls in my sleep. So, you made the right decision being part of Tony’s SI life, but not Tony's superhero life. It's OK. I found someone who can fit into Tony’s superhero life because he's already there himself. He understands what I'm going through and my need to help more than anyone else.
We have to actually do lunch when I’m in DC. And science. Science with lunch. I love science-ing with you.
Me: Well Honey Bunches of Muscles you really really look like Chris Evans right now because he’s growing a beard for a part. Like you could be his twin, so let us just let Ross and everyone else think that for the moment.
Venom: It was nice talking to you. I will let Parker know that you texted and for him to text you back once he is conscious again.
Blue phone: Somedays, I feel like I betrayed Bucky. I didn't save him when it mattered and look what happened. Even Howard death is my fault but I can’t (message not sent)
Me: It’s between him and US patriot Jeffrey god of international public relations. He may have a bit of an edge because he allegedly saved a few high-ranking UN officials during the Vienna fiasco. Did you see him save anyone in Vienna because I didn’t?
Tony: Hope is all we have sometimes but you and me will figure it out because I want to spend the rest of my life with you and I’m hoping that’s a long life.
Blue phone: Which is the only reason why you are texting me after three days of complete silence. I thought I scared you off.
The Big Boss: I do want to know about what's going on in your life, but we need to set up boundaries. Specific sex activities are things I don't want to know about at all, including but not limited to, rashes and STIs.
FRIDAY: Plausible deniability is best in these situations. Once Sir is out of the White House, I will have him contact you.
Red Malibu: Do you honestly think that if all of us had agreed not to sign that this would not have happened anyway?
Tony: OK, obviously, this little quiz was developed by people who were not famous due to the misfortune of being born to a famous person. Because really the answer is no you do not want to be famous but if you must, let it be for something good you did on your own and not for something like being the Merchant of Death or being the kid of the guy who invented the atomic bomb.
There are not really specific plot point spoilers for any of the shows in this chapter. However, TFtWS and WandaVision made me think about how things should be approached regarding Simmons’s mental health, operation keep away, and project restoration.
Me: I’m aware. Now you can explain why your new AI would be running things at the ATCU if you decide to take the president’s offer. What did the president offered you?
Anthony: Stressed and probably cursing my name in his sleep. Although he was able to have Mr. Patriotism take care of Congress. He may be a stuck-up prick, but Jeffrey does enjoy going against Senator Hateful.
Me: They’re trying to re-legitimize. Apparently, they earned brownie points for preventing an apocalypse while we were acting like toddlers.
I also want to be able to talk about other things with you like the fact that Jane is now impervious to bribery or that the smartest person you’ve ever met is treating your BFF. And no, I’m not offended that you know someone smarter than me.
Me: That’s definitely not happening in this timeline. Also, the Princess is going to help little bird. Another difference. Also, things are already really over with Bobbi romantically because I’m definitely no Pepper Potts, from the other timeline, anyway. Another difference. We’re going to keep the world from being cracked apart and maybe deal with the purple raisin she keeps drawing.
Me: Which brings me back full circle to being 13 and jacking off to your propaganda poster and being completely freaked out about what it actually meant. Except this time, it’s you not the All American Boy Scout that’s confusing the hell out of me. And I’m still doing it after our little fuck up. No wonder I need a therapist. (Message not sent)
Me: Saturday is going to be one year since his uncle/real dad was murdered. He’s going to need emotional support.
The Mechanic: Not Afia because apparently, that part of Friday didn't leave her, which means some things will have to be recalibrated. I might have to just let Wanda do what she wants to do. But Spidey is probably still scrubbing the home theater with bleach. Spidey is perfectly okay watching German porn, but me with my boyfriend is a bridge too far.
Tony Potts: Which is good. Did I end up being Flash's foster parent because he got kicked out for being gay?
“She told me that you had something to tell me that couldn’t be told to me in an email so I assume that it’s about Bucky and if it’s going to be bad news I’d rather get it out-of-the-way now so I still have something to look forward to this weekend.” Isn’t that sweet, sort of.
Tony: Yes, along with Jimmy Kimmel. I get to tell cute stories about my boyfriend that I had to make up.
PS: Could you not tell anybody anything else I said about Pepper’s new boyfriend? I was being stupid and you shouldn’t repeat things I say when I’m being stupid. I do stupid things a lot. I’m a bad role model.
Cuddle Bunny: No, you shouldn’t apologize. It’s my fault. It may be noon, but I should’ve remembered the possibility of you doing a post mission crash.
Tony: This is also why I didn’t object when she finished the framework project in like an hour. I’m bringing the prototype with me to Mumbai. Only three days until I can actually kiss you in person and do other things. Other things I will not discuss due to the fact that these messages could be read by a certain teenager.
“Loved your picture on Insta. I think it’s trending,” some girl she’d never spoken too sneered at Joey as she focused on standing up straight.
"Oh, I see what's going on here. I tired you out. Is that it?" the blonde said as he slowly took off his hoodie. Tony stared at him the whole time, wondering for a moment if this was some kind of trick before his Adonis husband took off his pajama bottoms.
,” he clarified when they heard the elevators ding again and the quick patter of footsteps approach. He stole another kiss from the brunette, relishing in the smile he felt against his lips.
“You sure? They make butt plugs with pretty gems for the base…” Tony teased as Steve stalked over. He thought maybe he’d kiss him quiet, but instead the blonde bastard snatched the Polaroid and crumbled it up in his hands.
It was a detailed drawing of the two of them on their most recent date. Tony had surprised the blonde with a moonlight rooftop date, complete with a picnic, candles, and music. At one point the brunette had felt inspired, grabbing Steve’s hand to stand them up to start dancing.
When he came out, he smiled again at seeing Tony sitting up in bed, adorably rubbing his palms against his eyes to get rid of the sleepiness.
They talked until closing time, Steve feeling his heart grow as they chatted easily into the late hours of the evening. He could probably draw Tony from memory, the somehow round and chiseled jaw line, the long eyelashes shielding the dark chocolate eyes, or the way they crinkle when he laughs, and those plump pink lips, which Steve didn’t notice he was practically gawking at until Tony pointedly licked said lips and smiled when he again made eye contact with him.
"Would you let my child decide for herself?" Tony piped in as Steve moved to hug that man, resting his chin on top of the brunette's head.
“Do you remember anything before that, Peter? Before your dads adopted you?” Both Tony and Steve looked curiously at Peter, waiting for his response.
“He is perfect. They both are,” Maria said with a smile as she gently stroked Harley’s hair. “I had Jarvis contact both Virginia and James to tell them you’ve awoken. He also wanted me to tell you he’ll visit when you’ve made it home and bring a week’s worth of meals.”
“You’re not crazy,” she said kindly, anger immediately dissipating. “But he’s going to start to think something’s up soon, because you’re a terrible liar. And even if he was secretly a jerk and held that against you...then you’ll know he isn’t the one for you. But you wanna know what I think?”
“Actually, I’m thinking of law school…” she said nonchalantly as Steve found himself gawking at his teen.
“Alright that’s it. Miles, make yourself a plate and make sure your father eats something besides coffee and a nibble of toast. Emerson, you’re with me,” Steve said as he walked around to stand next to her, ignoring the offended scoff from his husband.
He alternated between cheeks, strong arm quickly heating up her backside. She was wearing shorts, and the material did nothing to stop the pain. Joey kicked her leg on accident, regretting it when he paused long enough to pull her basketball shorts down. She cursed herself for not wearing jeans today.
“Kiddo,” he began slowly, “please don’t make me force you to do this.” She glared back at him, tears forming in her eyes as she sat back defiantly away from him.
“No one is doing that, Buck. We’re just concerned about you,” Steve said as Stark returned, no longer on the phone but now holding a bottle of some kind as he made his way back to the others.
“You will do no such thing!” Maria snapped at the two, making the older Alpha and younger Omega flinch back from her outburst. His Mom rarely went against his Dad, but on the rare occasion that she did - her way always trumped everyone else’s.
“Well, since we don’t have anything concrete, just speculation, let’s just keep an eye on her. She’s a sweet kid, I hope that’s not what’s happening,” Steve said finishing cleaning the last dish.
“Where’s Dad, huh squirt?” she asked the boy as she grabbed a blank page and some crayons to start a drawing.
"You live with two SUPERHEROES?!?" he exclaimed as he once again danced around with his toy adorably. The super soldier stood and wrapped an arm around his husband's waist, knowing he himself was a goner for the boy. His happiness was infectious as Steve smiled at the sight.
“Of course honey,” he said as he smiled back at her in the rearview mirror. He then smiled over at Steve when the man gripped his knee in gratitude.
“Maybe, if you wanted to I mean. I kind of like the idea of seeing your name whenever I want.” Tony found himself smiling again, kissing his husband’s cheek as they finally saw the villa down the beach.
“It’s all a little complicated, but just know no matter what, your Dad and I are still a team and none of this should affect your belief that you aren’t safe staying here…”
Clint had been so busy petting Lucky and reminiscing about his brother, he just caught the tail end of their conversation.
“Oh, bear,” Steve cooed. “You were only mean to me cause you were protective of your Daddy. And of yourself. I don’t blame you for that, Harley. And lately you’ve been nothing but nice to me and the world’s best big brother to Peter.”
“Are those…?” his handsome man stuttered out, a genuine look of surprise on his face. Steve easily smiled at the question, and how cute his face was.
“His name is Steve, paramedic, drop-dead gorgeous, kind and quite possibly the biggest cock I’ve ever had.”
She was snapped back to the present when she heard a door open as some mumbled voices got a little louder. The door closed, the people no longer talking, but she knew they were still there by the footsteps. She heard several of them make their way behind her before one of them harshly yanked the blindfold off. She blinked several times, eyes trying to focus on the dimly lit room. No, not room, this was a fucking warehouse. She made out a large figure in front of her, recognizing the stench instantly. The monster made his way into the light to show his hideous face, smiling down at his captive.
“Do you really have to go?” she asked him with a frown. They’ve been living at the tower for one week and now her dad had to go meet a stranger and talk about his feelings.
“Well, what do you think about Vivienne?” he asked her with a bright smile. She looked at him for a moment before shrugging her shoulders. He didn’t seem fazed by her displeasure, just continued walking around the kitchen with a weird smile. “Yeah, she’s pretty great. She’s the reason I’ll be joining the Avengers.”
Clint knew he liked dudes since he was nine, but he was in a different foster family than Barney at that time. And the memory wasn’t exactly a good one, when he had kissed a boy that walked him home and his foster father beat him with a belt for it.
Her fathers' wedding was the most fun she'd ever had, but after eating so much cake she was pretty tired. She went to sit next to her Uncle Steve, who was holding a sleeping Morgan in his arms.
“Right. Thank you, honey. What’s important is that you are forgiven, you are loved, and you’re not going anywhere Emerson Stark.” He smiled at her blush.
,” he emphasized, “I’ve loved you more and more than I thought possible. Even when you learned to roll
Steve grabbed his wrist and pulled it away. "Hold on," He said through gritted teeth. Tony would have loved to push for it but he settled with a knowing and triumphant grin instead. Steve pulled his own boxers off with a bit of maneuvering and tossed it to the side, grabbing a bottle of lube.  He popped it open and squeezed some onto his fingers, rubbing them together to warm it up slightly. His non-lubricated hand went to lift Tony's legs up and position him for entry.
Steve frowned again but didn't protest. He shuffled closer, positioning himself outside Tony's entrance and slowly pushing in.
Tony reached out and kissed Steve to shut him up. "You're very cute when you're not talking, have I ever said that?" He teased before continuing, "Yes, I want to marry you. I want this forever—
Here, he'll say whatever Steve wanted to hear if it meant he'd continue to drill Tony harder into the bed, even if Tony wouldn’t ever dream of saying it in another scenario.
Tony is probably breaking at least 50 Blood-Sucker Laws, but when has he ever followed the rules? It's in his DNA to break things as mundane as laws and regulations and whatnot, Tony doesn't abide by them.
—it gave him goosebumps, he felt warmer, though he knows he physically couldn’t, it was a mental feeling. Steve had a way of doing that to him.
“So it looks like you have nothing to worry about, Jo-bro. They got into a fight about an ex, but your dads are like, obnoxiously in love. Soul mates, probably. If you believe in that, not sure I do,” he admitted thoughtfully.
,” Romanoff said softly, reaching her hand out for the child to take. Which she did, apprehensively and even going so far as to throw her father a dirty look before the two left the room. {
“They are though. By definition, if you think about it. But they’re our parasites, babe,” the brunette said, temporarily stopping his groping attempt.
She felt the color drain from her face as Klaue and most of the men left; leaving behind four large men who looked hungrily at the eighteen year old. She once again tried to break the zip ties, panicking as the men smiled and closed in around her.
The vigilante who appeared on the news late at night jumping into burning buildings? The one who he saw in youtube videos Tony showed him stopping men with guns rob a bank…his breath starts to shorten thinking of all the danger their son had SECRETLY PUT HIMSELF IN. Crawling around in a material that he hopes isn’t spandex.
“Well,” Steve reluctantly said as he ran his hands up and down the brunette’s thighs, “if you don’t keep it in your wallet then I guess you can keep it. But if I find out
“Hey – you just said I was going to be fine, now you want me to be an invalid?” Tony asked teasingly. His love rolled his eyes before leaning down to kiss Tony, then moved to gently get off the bed to stand.
His parents came into view and walked over to greet them, Steve hugging the two before turning to introduce everyone.
“Aw, come one, when the cats are away…the mice will play,” she said as she brought the pipe to her lips to take a hit. She blew the smoke out slowly, Joey doing everything in her power to not get distracted by her gorgeous lips. Cara tried handing the pipe to her again as Joey felt her insides coil as the memory of the last time she’d done this crept in.
“Well, if he was good enough for you, he’d be here,” Sunset purred out, even having the audacity to play footsie with under the table. Tony lost his composure when he jerked his leg back, bumping the table and causing his godfather to finally put the menu down with a glare.
Short, sweet, to the point Pepper. Knew he always liked her, even before when he thought she was in love with Tony all the way until now when she’s put between the bickering children. He was glad she didn’t live far, glad too she had left her place unlocked, instructing the super soldier to “just walk in the front door.” When he walked in he saw his husband swaddled in blankets at her kitchen table, holding on to a steaming cup of coffee like his life depended on it.
“That’s not much better,” she said as she felt her father poke her in the ribs while the two blondes next to her laughed.
“You...you said you had second thoughts. About all of this,” Tony finally spit out, waving his arms for emphasis.
“It means if you even think about yelling at this child I will fucking dump you, okay?” He heard Joey gasp at that as his own mouth hung open in disbelief.
“I rightfully assumed you hadn’t planned on eating breakfast,” the blonde said smugly, still sweaty from his run and hungrily eyeing his husband’s form. There was something about sleepy and slightly grumpy Tony that always turned Steve on.
“He just…” he trailed off, not knowing how much he wanted to tell her and settling on the biggest problem. “He won’t talk to me! He won’t talk to anyone for that matter. I have to watch him get worse knowing I can’t do a fucking thing about it. Lately I’ve been walking on eggshells ‘round him cause I always trigger something with him...which he won’t even admit to! He won’t see a shrink, won’t take meds and won’t admit he has PTSD. I looked it up, he totally has the symptoms…” His step-mom put a hand on his knee when he finished, getting him to finally look up at her.
“I understand this isn’t voluntary for you, and for that – let me start off by apologizing,” she said which surprised Emerson entirely. She stayed silent as she stared incredulously at the shrink.
“Hey Peter rabbit!” Harley called, swimming over to his Papa and wrapping his arms around the Alpha’s neck. Upon seeing his brother, Peter squealed and reached for the other pup. Clint had other plans as he swirled the baby in the water and away from his brother.
“It’s…actually kind of an early anniversary present…” he said with a scrunched face. Steve leaned back a little, brow raised as he waited for his husband to explain himself further.
“Noooo” Peter whined at the exact moment Emerson exclaimed, “YES!” throwing her arms up in triumph. It was that moment Tony walked in and Steve complained to his husband.
. And he had that thought on loop as he waited the few minutes it took for Steve to bring two fresh brewed lattes and assorted chocolates. The smell helped perk him up, shifting to a sitting position and extending his hands out to accept the drink.
Joey couldn’t help it, a part of her still cared about Cara. She wished that part would just let her be, let her move on to the next girl to break her heart. Cara was a closeted coward, and Joey deserved better.
“It’s a pleasure to finally meet you Daciana. Your daddy has told me so much about you. You are a very special girl.” That comment, meant to be a compliment, only infuriated the girl.
“Where are my favorite nephews?” Tony’s oldest friend in the world asked as he made his way into view, arms full of presents for the kids.
“Yup. Morgan’s teething. Harley is a late bloomer with the terrible twos. You are overworked at SI and I’m about to lose my mind. We’re getting dressed and we’re going on a date.”
"He did," the blonde said as he joined them, carrying a baking dish covered in foil. Miles put down some pot holders so the dish didn't damage the coffee table, her Dad suddenly appearing with plates, forks and a tray of drinks.
“Because, my dear Pop,” she added a chuckle, “you are a dumbass.” Steve blinked at her several times in disbelief, whispering “language?” as a question. This only increased the laughs from the teenager and added confusion to the super soldier.
As his husband went to the fridge, Steve went to the cabinets to grab a small cup, smiling when Tony opened a bottle of apple juice and poured it before taking the cup from the blonde’s hand to let their son sip. He watched father and son with fondness for another moment, thankful for their moment of peace before the inevitable explosion that was nap time for his kids.
She made eye contact with the super soldier, throwing him a wink before standing up to quickly shove her Dad into the pool next to him.
“Yes but before we get started,” she turned to Peter, “may I use your restroom?” Peter pointed to the hall before responding, “of course! Second door on the left down that hall.” She smiled again at Steve before leaving.
That afternoon the small family of four had lunch together to sign all the necessary documents, Emerson glad for the moment with just them. She was a little quieter than normal, smiling as her new family shared various laughable stories amongst each other. Maybe she did deserve some of this, she thought to herself smiling. After everything was signed and a courier was sent to take care of the rest, the family started decorating for the dinner that evening.
"Yeah," the man answered as he turned back to the teen, interrupted from continuing as Miles asked a question.
“Amazing,” she said with a smile, squishing the bubbles between her fingers. She watched as her Tati took a scoop of bubbles and placed it on her head. With a giggle, she returned the favor which started the two putting bubbles on each other. He gave her a beard next, which delighted her to no end.
“Can I see him?” Leo asked excitedly, bouncing on his feet. Two nights ago the kid had a nightmare that his father was beating him to death - Peter only knew because Wade later told him. And now, well, Peter couldn’t deny the kid the right to see his father.
“I…I don’t know where to begin for this rabbit hole Steve, but…hey! It got you a cuddle bug, right?”
“Stevie, listen to me,” Bucky said with a sharp pinch to his arm, making the Alpha refocus. “The bond works both ways, right? You can try and push some ease from your half. Try it now before you go in there and scare Harley anymore than he already is.”
He was finishing up putting the Hershey’s kisses on the peanut butter blossoms he made for Tony when the man slowly joined him in the kitchen.
!” Peter said excitedly. Steve smiled brightly back at his son, nodding in approval before turning to his husband curiously.
"You didn't answer our question, little man," her brother spoke up. "Can we adopt you or what?" She watched her little brother turn to nod and smile at
Harley knew Steve was picking him up, which may have been why the pup was pouting when the Alpha walked into the school nurse's office.
Wade made the mistake of jumping from his swing, not because he didn't land well, but because he underestimated the impressionability of a five year old. Miles jumped not longer after Wade did, Peter feeling his heart stop as he quickly got up to race over. Wade, luckily, caught the brave kiddo before he could land on the hard ground. Peter was ready to lecture the little man, however his boyfriend beat him to it as the man crouched down in front of the boy and gripped his shoulders.
“Ya know, I really think I have enough gifts,” she said before joining the two on her bed, motioning to the cascade of unopened present on her chest of drawers.
“See, now you’ve gone and insulted the host in his own home. I do not like that word, nor do I identify as that. I’m...what did you call it Bruce?” Thor asked as he turned back to the awkward little genius, fidgeting in place and obviously uncomfortable being in the spotlight.
“I was born here, but spent the first few years of my life in Italy with my mom. We moved back when I was four. And you see...I didn’t speak English very well…” he paused in his story, causing Steve to look up at expectant eyes - as if he was supposed to guess the ending.
“- Tony, baby stop. You are an amazing Daddy and Harley is a great pup. We won’t know what’s got him all upset until we talk to him. Well...maybe not me, since he thinks it's my fault,” Steve said with a chuckle, somehow genuinely calm right now. Unless he was somehow masking his scent…
“Come on, you can think bigger than that!” Tony suggested as he suddenly joined them in the living room. He was in his standard tank and sweats, oil smudge on his face from being in his lab.
“Bye Daddy.” “Bye Tony.” The two blondes were quiet after Steve hung up the phone, the older one wondering if he should go start on the soup and leave the pup alone.
"No, your Daddy is a child," the super soldier said as he kissed Miles on the cheek and placed him next to him on the couch. He then turned his attention back to the wannabe chameleon before adding, "a
"Em, when's the last time you've met with Kate?" he asked carefully as she felt herself go stiff in response, only whispering "
“We were thinking Peter,” Steve answered for them, just as the curious six month old reached over to inspect Tony’s bundle.
“Toss me the camera,” he said. Steve obliged him, smiling at the devastated look from his niece. His brother took a few steps towards her, trying to tempt her to walk back to him to get the enticing and shiny not-toy.
“Oh, we are getting you white girl wasted! Come on,” Stark said as he grabbed Steve’s hand and led the two through the crowd.
It gave him the confidence and love to kiss the man one more time, the two men laughing when their audience suddenly groaned in annoyance before joining them in the room.
Just when he thought he was making progress with Leo, it somehow backfired. One step forward and two steps back.
“Okay,” the boy muttered, finally relenting so Steve could finish helping him get dressed. The door opened as Tony peered in.
“And he’s been driving me crazy since,” Peter clarified, wiping his face after his Dad let him go. Both Emerson and Steve smiled at the pair, watching Tony as he moved to his husband.
