"I'll get you if you use that name." Tony threatened lightly as he tore into the box.
Steve wakes up alone.
He stood over Tony, taking the silverware from him.
"Yeh, you smashed a few things, ripped your IV out and your PICC line. Screaming about Nazis."
"A talk about exclusivity? Remember that?"
The man's gentility and willingness to explain every little thing was astounding to Bucky.
"See I thought I was dead but here I am." Bucky had his eyes closed. His throat was parched, sore and tight. Don't cry, Barnes, you're a man.
Tony helped himself to that and sat on Cap's couch. Of course the man didn't have a TV.
"Listen, I know I'm a dish, doll face. But quit staring and eat your breakfast." The device in his hands began to ring and Howard triumphantly placed it back on the night stand. What had looked so complicated to Steve was just an alarm clock.
"One moment."
Howard lit his cigarette on a pencil thin lighter that produced a perfect tiny blue flame. "What are ya, daffy? I've had stacks of paperwork that'd bury lesser men. Couldn't afford any social calls, you see." He blew a smoke ring and Steve instinctively sidestepped it.
For the third time that day unwanted lips were on Bucky's.
Howard followed, "I always notice a handsome man in uniform." He stepped in front of Steve. "I REALLY noticed you after we met properly."
Bucky shrugged and cranked the engine.
He didn't even notice Steve picking his way around the parts spread on the floor til the man's hand closed around the phone.
"Doctor Banner." He repeated, were those hiccuping sobs coming from him?
"You saved me in so many ways Steve. I just don't think you understand or give yourself credit " Bucky slowly sat up, starting to feel uncomfortable with the fluids drying on him. "Come on, let's take a shower."
When Thor had him settled back in and had exited the room once more, Tony lingered, sitting down on the chair beside the bed.
He sidestepped Tony as he made his way to the elevator.
The numbness encompassed most of the entire left side, just up to his chest and all the way down the side of the severed leg.
He paused long enough to take a piece of paper from the old sketchbook he hadn't touched in years and write a note for Tony in neat, old fashioned cursive.
Tony tested out nipping Bucky's lower lip. The man gasped, his cock twitched. Tony growled and broke the kiss in favor of marking Barnes' neck, nipping his ear, licking the shell of it. He knew Bucky liked that. Bucky whimpered so prettily.
Now he sat, feeling like he was full of tense energy, like a clock wound up too tight. All coils and springs waiting to snap into motion. He held his head in his hands, it took so much care and energy to not crush every delicate thing. And now everything seemed delicate.
"I'd never have come to you if I didn't think you wanted it, Barnes!" He pushed him again and Bucky caught his hands.
"You didn't answer my question, Bucky."
"W-when am I not?"
"Badly?" Bucky asked groggily. No he hadn't remembered waking up.
"You want him. Don't you?" Tony couldn't deny that but this all felt a little off. Like he was going to be messing with Bucky's feelings. He was at least 97% sure Bucky had most told him that he loved him earlier.
____________________________________________
"Yeah, remind me to complain." Bucky bit back a moan as the button went flying in lieu of being undone.
"No need to be touchy I'm asking out of concern." Howard lounged back on the couch, sitting at an angle to fully look up at Steve. "Best way to relieve stress and burn some energy, believe me." Steve did believe him, his reputation as a playboy preceded him.
Steve let his hand drop from his earpiece. He looked up at Tony with wide, panic stricken eyes.
He was so lost in his thoughts that he flinched when Steve put his hand on the small of his back.
Bucky awoke to a right old ruckus. Somewhere outside the room, in Dr. Banner's lab people were arguing. Voices continually rising to a heated crescendo.
As that tongue began thrusting and writhing within him Bucky became certain of two things; one, that he could cum untouched from this. Two, he was going to make Steve shave that beard. He couldn't fight both him
Or this was about the voice mail and it's accompanying photo.
Every spare moment they managed to get together, they were like horny teens.
At last he gave up resisting and went back into the bedroom.
The hand that wasn't still pinned by Tony's hand, reached out but Tony's hips moved out of the way.
He didn't know if it was by chance or by purpose that Steve pressed against his spot. He arched back pushing into the touch. "Right there!" He cried, finally feeling his cock stir, finally feeling blood rush to the organ.
A sound behind them shook them from their shared reverie.
What did Bucky even have in his stomach to throw up that much? He'd been living on oatmeal and ginger ale since he woke up.
"I set him up in an apartment. One of the good ones with the bathroom bigger than the living room." Tony was clinging to him now. "Cap something. . . I didn't tell you. He I uh. . . Fuck this is difficult to say."
"A-ah!" Was his sharp cry when Tony's hand yanked down the waistband of his underwear and gripped his cock when it sprang up.
Stark grinned. Sensitive ears eh? He knelt up, leaning against Steve, letting the fingertips of his opposite hand ghost little patterns over his pecs. His tongue meanwhile delicately traced the shell of Steve's ear. He made the smallest, most delicious sound.
Tony had Bucky's left leg across his lap and had the maintenance panels open. He was diligently working in miniscule bits and pieces.
"Don't!" Tony cried out when Steve drew his hand back again.
Bucky's gaze shifted and he smiled a tight little smile. "Yeah." He agreed.
"I love you too, punk." Bucky leaned in and lightly kissed Steve's forehead. "Baby steps though. I want to learn you all over again. We've both changed a lot."
He found he really didn't much like the attention, though he used to always envy Bucky for grabbing it.
That was disconcerting enough on its own, the blank emotionlessness.
"Nine AM, Tony." Bruce called after him.
He'd promised Bruce he wouldn't push himself if he'd just leave the crutch.
A sound right by his ear that wasn't from him made him freeze. He knew that sound.
"I kinda took a bullet in the leg the other day. . .  Still smarts." He rolled the leg if his supposedly fashionable, baggy sweat pants up all the way to his thigh.
There was a round object just behind it, several cords and wires branched off from it. "This is what worries me. I think it's the source of all our troubles."
He pulled a file from between the cushions and thumbed through it. "Mhmm. See here" he pointed to a line in the wall of text but all Steve could make out was "Painful excess of energy" before Howard flipped the page.
He blinked blood out of his eyes, trying to get the ringing in his ears to stop. "Tony." He groaned out, spitting blood. "You good?"
"No."
" Tony said with measured calm, keeping his breathing even. "Blood is the family business-- was. Was the family business. I've killed thousands, maybe millions with just my cold indifference alone." He took the squat can of ginger ale on Bucky's bedside table and cracked it open. He took a long slow drink before continuing.
He finds himself moaning as Barnes deepens the kiss, his metal hands trailing up and down his arms.
He rushed to the elevator to wait.
The appointment was easy enough to set up  Bruce seemed more relaxed with the whole thing since the success of the arm.
Tony was now methodically picking up pieces and arranging them together.
Steve cracked his fist onto Bucky's nose, feeling the bones give way.
"Again!" He ordered when he could breathe again. "Just keep going like that!"
This wasn't like him. This was weakness, it was , it . . . It wasn't The Winter Soldier. He sighed and rolled into his back.
"Bucky, please." Tony sank down on the couch beside him. "I want you. I've wanted you since we kissed the first time. Hell before that."
The elevator doors slid closed.
Tony didn't look up from his work but he extended a hand, beckoning Steve to move to his side.
"Did.. did you, you know, too?" Steve asked once he'd gotten his breath back.
Steve gasped out loudly, the words going to his head, making him dizzy.  He arched up, his legs wrapping around Howard, drawing him forward.
Bucky covered his head from the shower of splinters.
"Well that's, lovely." Stark stated as he sat up. His hands were on Steve's belt loosening it. Steve raised his hips, helping Howard get him free of his slacks and underwear. He blushed at the appreciative whistle Howard let out. "Genetically enhanced my eye, some of that has to be natural."
"A guest? I don't know Tony."
"Steve?" He called out, toeing his shoes off. "Babe?"
Steve slowly moved his finger in and out for a few moments, making Stark moan.
Maybe he could let Steve see that now, let Steve see the toll. Maybe he didn't have to be alone when it was bad. When it was worse than a simple panic attack someone could talk him through. When it was a mixture of rage and grief and the utter crushing weight of what was lost and what he'd take. When it was enough to make him nearly suck-start a pistol on more than one occasion.
"F-fuck, Stevie!" He keened as the man worked his mark onto his skin.
"What?"
Tony crossed the room and sat on the bed beside Bucky. "You good?" He asked solemnly, his hand coming to rub Bucky's chest soothingly. Tony barely registered that it was bare skin he was touching.
Peter held onto Bucky's arm now, no use trying to hide the pain now.
Bucky blushed deeply under the intense and hungry look he got from Steve.
God-fucking-damnit he'd just been coming to bring Bucky his morning meds, to check on him, this was a surprise of the worst kind.
Tony let out a breath more sob than chuckle. "I never did. Are you still falling in love with me?"
"Explain." Bucky blurted out.
Movement to his right made him flinch.
Tony flew at him, tackling him back. Bucky's metal hand managed catching the red and gold fist that was aimed at his face.
Steve groaned as he bottomed out, his slicked up cock buried as deep as he could get it. "Oh sweet Jesus, Bucky." He panted above him. Steve's arms were shaking as he held himself up with them.  To steady himself and give Bucky a chance to adjust and relax, Steve leaned in and kissed him.
" His hands shook as they moved from Tony's shoulders and to his own face, the barely warmed metal made his brain nearly short out at the memory it elicited. The machine.
"Touché. There you go winning every argument again." He let his head fall to her shoulder.  "And Peter!"
Maybe one day he'd escape Zola.
He shouldn't have been this excited but he found himself grinning ear-to-ear.
He deftly unbuttoned with just the one hand and pushed the zipper down, letting the jeans fall to the floor. His underwear followed slowly behind, the sleek, black material left nothing to the imagination but, when Tony's hard cock popped over the hem of the garment, Steve groaned in anticipation.
"Do you know how long it took me to find a private place to jack off?" He leaned in mouthing over Tony's neck, nipping his ear.
And God, Steve thought, what had he done to his hair? It was cropped almost to the skin in places. He shook his head, clearing his mind, getting back to the task at hand.
"Tony." He spoke his name like a plea. Like a plea for his life.
"Good." He shifted a little, facing Tony more. "The nightmare though. Steve threw me out the window."
"Tony it's not---"
"You remember Steve, good. Listen we can call him up here but first I wanna ask you a few questions is that okay?"
Steve tentatively began to move his hand as well, Circling the pad of his thumb over the head of Howard's cock. Stark's breath hitched, "tell me when you're close, Steve."
Steve felt his softening cock twitch back to life.
Their next kiss was a heated thing, accentuated by the unconscious rolling of their hips. It was all teeth on lips and heated groans.
"I am. Maybe it'll make the nightmares stop."  He offered Tony a sad little smile.
"But all those things you were thinking about me-- that I was using your body, that I was using
-Steve.
"Tell him the thing you were telling me about your leg?"
"Of course, Bucky."
"Up!" The guard repeated, hauling him to his knees by his hair. When Bucky managed staying upright the guard continued circling him.
"Friday do I have any appointments today?"
Steve groaned, that was what Tony had said the very first time they'd done anything like this.
It was Steve's turn to hang his head. "We've never gone through something like this, Buck. It used to be us against the world, not us against us."
"What, you still
Tony finds himself sitting back on the table with Barnes' mouth on his. It's not frantic or heated it's slow and soft and. . . And Tony melts into it like snow in the spring thaw.
He came, arching hard off the bed, all his synapses firing, each nerve ending electrified.
"I love you too. I'm still trying to figure it all out."
Bucky laughed and shook his head. "Secrets safe with me." He promised and pulled the kid's leg back close.
"Bucky!" Hands were shaking him, hard. "Bucky it's okay! You're here! New York, Avengers Tower."
He wasn't going to last and to be honest neither was Tony even so soon after.
"Well, you know what they say, wish in one hand." Tony was occupied now with inspecting bits of Bucky's arm that were arranged on a table close by. He picked up plates and looked them over.
Howard smirked, raising his fingers which were slick and glistening from some kind of lubricant. "These old things?" He shook his head and pulled Steve's muscular thighs over his own. "I don't think so. I think you're ready." He purred, leaning up between Rogers' legs.
Stark was a little shocked to find that there was no driver. Barnes fished the keys out of his pocket and climbed in the driver's seat.
"Can you take first watch? Fuckin Nazis." His breath evened out in the rhythm of sleep.
Steve cracked a tense smile. "You know me."
When at last Steve slid into the water Howard brought his knees up to slot between Steve's.
"Not even. . ."
"Can I think about it?"
"Tony please." He pleaded.
Tony was quick to act, grabbing a dust bin from the floor, he held it out as Bucky wretched into it.
"Tony I. . . It was--"
Steve heaved a sigh and pinched the bridge of his nose. "Tony, it was 1942." He groaned. "Howard was--" again he was interrupted, this time by Tony.
Tony nodded thoughtfully. "I don't want to use you, Bucky. Your years of being someone's pawn are over, unless that's your kink then of course. . ."
Steve started to open his mouth but Tony seemed to know exactly what he was going to say and cut him off with a:
"Wha-- n-no I'm sp-spiderman." He reached out his hand to shake and Bucky grasped his small flesh hand in warmish metal fingers.
"Give me another finger" Howard tensed then forced himself to relax, he didn't know how Steve was going to go about it, gently or haphazardly like the amateur he was.
His brain cycled through the words finally deciphering English through the horrible buzzing pain in his head.
Consensually?
Steve lay back against Stark's headboard, one hand gripping back on the wrought iron it was made of. He had his other hand over his lips, though it did little to stifle the sounds he made.  The feeling of those invading digits was sending shockwaves of pleasure through him. His cock was twitching, slapping wetly against his abdomen, in rhythm with his pulse,  dripping so much precum it made a slick puddle.
what happened to your arm?"
Judging by the sounds Barnes was making, he wanted it just as badly, and just as rough.
"Stay out of it, Tony." Bucky laughed through the blood pouring from his nose. "I got this."
"Mr Stark requests you to return to your apartments and take a bath."
>I do have something, deep cover about a month long mission. Maybe quicker as a team. In?
"Unwrap it!" He cried out in exasperation.
"So, you know how tragically Tony's parents died?"
"Clearance granted." And the techs wheeled the box into the room.
"Hhh--ahh! Steve!" He gasped losing his cocky demeanor. With Steve holding him like that, practically crushing him with his legs, Howard had no room to pull out.
Bucky's entire body stiffened in alarm when Steve's lips came crashing into his.
The heavy boots echoed as the guard circled him. The weapon crackled to life then came down across his back. It was held there til Bucky convulsed limply on the floor.
"But then after. . . After that night. . . Why couldn't you be honest with me?"
"Sullied what?" Peter hovered while Bucky plated up, thick fluffy pancakes.
Tony had a hard set to his jaw and said little on the way back to the tower.
Steve made a disappointed sound and stood. He was wearing his best black suit, charcoal shirt and black silk tie. Fuck he looked good in that.
He was vaguely aware of the Doctor checking his vitals.
It was strange, one moment he felt like he was inside his own body-- though he didn't seem to be controlling it--- then at certain moments he was hovering several feet away. He could, however, feel
"F-friday. Security protocol 788." Tony had nervously backed up against a window.
Little broken man?
Tony grinned and shed his shirt. "C'mon. Off, soldier boy." He said as he gestured to Bucky's own loose fitting tee.
When Steve experimentally popped his hips a burst of pain flooded Howard's senses. He moaned raggedly, arching forward, resting his head on the cool porcelain of the sink. "Like that" he breathed.
He looked down at the kid, he had a split lip and a cut above his eyebrow but other than that he
Tony was practically trembling as he reached back and slid a finger into himself--- he hadn't done this in a while, it made him feel like a horny teenager.
to him. He could stretch his entire body out in it.
Bucky lightly kissed Tony. "We need to stop having misunderstandings like this. Kinda kills the romance when we're fighting." He laughed and Tony let him pull him in for a deeper kiss.
Steve had to swallow every ounce of pride  to gasp out: "Hah-howard harder, please!"
Howard met Steve with equal enthusiasm. His tongue danced over Steve's, over the roof of his mouth. Steve learned quickly and returned all the motions.
Tony reached between their bodies and grasped Steve's hardness. He slowly positioned it against his entrance and let himself slowly sink down. "Ah..." He gasped out, leaning his forehead against Cap's sculpted chest.
"Focus. What did he forget?"
, hurtling over the precipice of his release. He came with a shout, his insides becoming a hot, slick vice around Steve's dick.
"Repaired. You can go back whenever you want." Tony passed a hand over his face.
Bucky knew that and resisted the urge to groan and bury his face in Tony's neck. He was supposed to be trying. He was supposed to behave.
"Tony?" Bucky broke the silence that had fallen between them.
fine. Tony still wasn't so sure.
"We're going to be bringing him home in a coffin at this rate." Steve finally paused, letting his body slump against a wall, slowly sliding down to the floor.
"Pete's coming, school stuff. History. I . . . Can't yet Steve." Was what he'd said, his voice hollow and sad sounding as it resounded in the air.
Peter's leg was fine, it was just tender and he wasn't used to getting shot.
Steve was floored, he'd expected to have to grovel. "Bucky I'm sorry too. I realized a lot of things, among those, that I was always it for you. Always."
"-----explosion, he was in the middle of it." He tuned back in to reality to hear Sam finish explaining to Steve what had happened.
"W-why'd you stop?" He panted.
Bucky began to open his mouth but Friday cut him off.
Bucky nodded again and Steve cupped the hand in both of his and exhaled, just like he used to.
"Friday? How long have I been asleep?" He asks, rubbing sleep from his eyes.
Bucky was skilled. Tony was amazed at that mouth, that tongue. The way the tip of the sinful appendage slid over Tony's tip, toying with the slit. Tony was
After the customary "I love you"s Tony hung up and looked at Bucky expectantly.
Steve's breath hitched and his heart started racing when those intruding hands slid lower. At first he thought Stark was going for the gusto but instead of grabbing him, they slid to his thighs, and back up.
"We're going to exhaust every resource, Cap. This is
"W-where?" Was Bucky suddenly being tossed out in the street. "Where will I?"
Quiet for a moment and then a quick "Thank you." Sounded as the doors opened.
When he tilted the frame, the light caught his reflection and he paused. His hair was short, styled with pomade, he was in his dress uniform. . . That didn't make sense.
Without another word the huge blonde man moved to stand beside Bucky's bed. He leaned down all too close and stared at him with narrowed eyes. "Hm." He rubbed his short beard-- just as blonde as his hair-- and nodded. "You are indeed a little broken man." He stated, not yet moving away.
Bucky spat blood on the cream coloured carpet. "c'mon, are you still little Stevie Rogers from Brooklyn or are you Captain America?" He gave a little mock salute.
"Doctor Banner wants to know if you're in the right state of mind?"
Either Bucky had told him about the making out-- the near fuck in the kitchen.
Steve was nibbling on Stark's collar bone now, his hands had moved to his ass, massaging the heels of his palms over it.
"Do we want to do it again?" They were almost uncomfortably close now.
His scream echoed, bouncing off the tiles.
"I think I need to sit down with Bucky and discuss things. Unpack a lot of shit. Make him listen to me. He never used to talk this much." Steve almost laughed but it came out a choked sob.
He threaded his hands in Tony's hair, pulling back a bit from the wall so that he could tilt Stark's head back, giving him full access to his mouth.
"Thor can you help me take him back to bed?"
Oh after the serum and Vita-Ray? Of course. Steve rolled his eyes yet again and sidestepped Stark, only pausing to chastise.
"I was worried and lonely. Mr Stark said I was forbidden. That's a dramatic word huh, Bucky? Plus, well, it's not important. . ." Those big eyes welled up but Peter was good at blinking the tears all away.
He watched as Tony's eyes widened, his mouth worked wordlessly. Steve was satisfied to have rendered one of the world's most talkative men entirely speechless.
Steve had changed out of the Captain America uniform and washed his face in the sink but that was about it.
"Can you give me something to help me sleep? I'm tired."
Ever since Steve had broken the law to protect him--- fractured the Avengers for him-- Bucky had been feeling things again that he hadn't for a long time. Now there was a tugging in his chest that he wished he could bury. . . Even under the guise of The Winter Soldier.
It was Tony's turn to laugh now.
"Suicidal, sir."
Bucky made a low sound and slowly parted his lips.  His tongue met Tony's with slight hesitation the other man tasted nice, not perpetually minty like Steve but something. . .?
Bucky flinched at that one.
Peter jumped up from where he'd been dozing on the seat "hm!? W-what was that Mr Stark?"
"I think this ones going to be viable." Tony breathed a sigh and stood up, putting the hand on the counter beside the Pizza.
Steve changed their position grabbing Bucky's hips and raising them. Instead of moving his hips he used his sheer Strength to move
"What's the first thing you remember?"
Howard laughed, the sound was vague and distant. "You don't want to know all that." He stated offhandedly as he turned off the tap and stepped into the tub. "Coming?"
They passed by a beautiful garden that Steve would have loved to linger in, a fountain and a half dozen other lovely sights that Howard seemed oblivious of.
Bucky hadn't been able to believe his eyes when he opened the text from Tony that morning.
"Tell him!" Bucky interrupted. Something ugly was bubbling up inside Bucky, it unsettled him. The events that had occurred up til this point were swirling around like a thick fog in his head; the war, Steve changing, then what happened after he fell. . . He shook his head and crossed his arms, turning away. He realized he was being possessive and jealous. After all Steve was all he had left to cling to from before. The only really good thing.
"I killed them. It was me and no matter what way I twist it. . . It was my fault. There's so many things I wish I'd have done. Dying comes to mind. Way back in the 40s." He sighed. "I wish I'd have fought Hydra harder. I wish I'd have let them kill me before I ever became this monster."
"Do you remember your parents?" He asked, slightly tensing in Bucky's arms.
____________________________________________
He found it easy once he was conscious of it. With a soft whirr he spread his fingers out, he was surprised to feel the texture of the blanket beneath his fingertips. He looked up at Bruce in alarm. "Is it supposed to feel like that?" He asked in a hushed tone.
He hadn't quite gotten the hang of text etiquette but he was getting there. He was just about to pull himself from bed when his phone dinged.
He tried to let the feeling of Steve be all he needed in the world. He was a man, a soldier, Sargent James Buchanan Barnes. He didn't need the trappings of Steve Rogers affections.
Maybe one day he'd make something of himself.
Bucky threw his head back and let out an exasperated groan. He wasn't even going to fuck with it. It could lay there for all he cared.
"None."
"I think I did. Sisters, maybe? I remember . . .sounds and smells more than . . . I guess faces? Presences?"
"Friday?"
fight now."
"A-haa. . . Nh. . just finished when you c-- oh g-god. . . Steve." Bucky was trembling, breath coming in shakily.
"He's sending you down a single dose of each."
He opened his phone to that picture. Tony with his lip between his teeth, cock standing proudly dominating most of the screen.
"Mrs Rogers, I think. . ." He swallowed hard. "I think I'm dead."
"How long has it been for you, Bucky?" Tony let his name linger on his lips.
Bucky was twice as confused, he was sure he was dead. This didn't make sense.
Bucky forced himself to look at Bruce. The hand on his chest helped ground him and soon he was shakily breathing himself down from the attack.
Bucky massaged the tense muscles and Peter let out a deep groan. "I'm --- I'm I guess hyper vig-vigilant. I'm always t-tensed for s-something--- oh god." His hand shot out and gripped Bucky's wrist. "Stop, stop." His breath was shaky as was the hand that held onto barely warmed Vibranium.
"Good morning to you too, Pep."
"Tony. Goddamnit. This whole thing isn't fair to me. I can tell you're not this worked up on your own. You look half fucked already. I need to kn---mmhh!"
Bucky shrugged noncommittally.
The hot, slick feeling of Tony's tongue slid along his shoulder, up his neck and lips closed lightly on his earlobe.
"Bullheaded? Oblivious? A fucking dick? I mean the list goes on." Tony glared as good as he got and Bucky looked
His thoughts were interrupted by a metal clad fist to his jaw. Caught so much by surprise, Steve went sprawling.
When Tony had finished work for the day the elevator doors opened on a lovely candlelit scene.
"There sauce, take your shirt off. I don't want you making a mess."
"You know, I thought we were supposed to be fighting." Tony was his usual outwardly composed self as he listened to the mechanical whirring sound of his suit being torn away, joint by joint. "No?"
____________________________________________
She paused in petting his hair. "Why not, James?"
How long would he be gone? Should he have confronted Steve? Of course he should have. This was their
He felt something running warm down his cheeks. He felt. . . Relief.
something then walk away?!"
When it was all settled, Tony was more than thankful to return to Steve's place and fall into the bed. It was smelling less and less like the man and it left an ache in Tony's chest.
He hesitated, fingers hovering just above the surface of his phone. Was this the thing to do? Was it going to cause more damage?
He had olive skin, now covered in the evidence of last night. Dark bruises, a bite or two. Perfect impressions of Steve's hands on his hips. He had callouses on his hands from all the mechanical work he did. There were a few scars Steve had had nothing to do with, one on his left thigh that was of an irregular shape, spreading from his hip all the way to his knee. It looked like fuel had caught fire on him, perhaps. The other scar of note was very obviously an old gunshot wound to his shoulder, a small caliber round but visible and identifiable.
"We're you going to tell me?"
Bucky rocked gently with Tony's motions. It was like once they'd started, they couldn't stop.
"Whats on my schedule today, Friday?"
"All you're ever going to do is cause pain and destruction and tear people apart."
that now but it made Bucky feel good that he could.
"Tell me."
"I know I am." He stated flatly.
The Super Soldier could feel Stark's fluids dripping slowly out. He was relieved when the towel passed over first his chin, chest then abdomen. When Stark finished cleaning Steve up, he lay close to his side.
Bucky laughed softly. "It's kinda been on my mind."
Thor regarded Tony solemnly and nodded. Bucky allowed himself to be lifted again and taken back to bed.
Smiling he took a step back and gripped Howard's ass, one hand on each cheek, using his thumbs to spread them wide. He stood there staring for so long Stark got uncomfortable.
"No." Howard said a little exasperated. "Of course not. You have your Sargent Whats-his-name, maybe you'll find some dame along the way. . . Who knows. And me? Well I'll find a dame too. Someone I can look at for more than five minutes without wanting to put a bullet in my head. Someone my parents will approve of, someone I can placate them with. Once this is all over with, you'll forget all about this. Maybe it'll be some deep dark secret you'll tell your wife on your deathbed." He went to slide down further in the tub to submerge his head.
The face plate slid up with a metallic clanking. "I hate you." Tony's eyes were streaming.
"Son!"
Tony rounded on him, shoving him back, needing to keep a few feet at least between them so he could breathe.
Tony's eyes stayed trained on the digits as they came slick and glistening from Steve's mouth.
"I know you don't expressly need it. But I want to give it to you. . . Slow and sweet." Steve whispered. Bucky's cock twitched at the words.
"Not with this many clothes on." Tony stated matter-of-factly. Steve blushed.
"What about the leg?" Tony couldn't hide the concern in his voice.
if it weren't for Peter.
"I hope. I mean, I think we are."
After a while he peeked through his fingers at Howard's back. He had bruises all over, scratches too. He was pulled from his thoughts once again by Howard's voice.
A pair of Tony's autonomous suits came up in the elevator. One pulled Bucky away and the other took Steve, separating them.
Steve hung back, he was more unsure than ever if he wanted to see Bucky like this.
Just as Bucky was letting himself get lost in this memory, the scene pitched so violently he wasn't surprised to be on his knees, vomiting.
He closed the toilet lid and sat heavily on it. His hands reached out to turn the taps on full blast. When he figured them out he ran a bath of steaming water. A quick scan revealed there was indeed soap, shampoo, conditioner-- everything he needed.
He surveyed the apartment as he made his way to the bathroom. The furniture was rearranged, the couch cushions were all in the floor. He shook his head. Weird.
It wasn't long before the eels turned into knots of panic.
"When you get better we
When Bucky handed Peter his plate the kid sat it aside and stood on his toes.
. Sometimes Bucky still expected to see little Stevie Rogers rounding the corner.
Tony flushed, he was usually very careful, hadn't ever let Steve--
And Bucky let him use his body yet again for relief.
"Why me?" Tony said in a small broken voice, the rage seeming to leave him slowly, leaving him feeling hollow.
When they lay in bed again Bucky took one of Steve's hands in his own.
"Was that Tony? He was yelling."
Steve slapped him again, harder.
The smell of pancakes was what drew Peter out of bed.
Steve was somewhat shocked to see a bar of Ivory soap floating around the water, somehow he'd imagined something more exotic than a 5¢ bar of soap.
It wasn't long before they were both gasping out moans and bucking into one another's hands.
Clint and Natasha sat side by side, leaning their heads together, eyes closed. Their body language was so relaxed, Steve almost envied their easy friendship, their intimacy.
"I think we can help you with that. Do you remember what happened?"
Steve took his time, enjoying watching the smaller man squirm, knot the sheets in his fists and gasp out little sounds.
Scott and Rhodey were both napping, the former stretched out on the seat.
____________________________________________
". . .'m eighteen" came Peter's muffled,sleepy voice from under the pillow.
But that was out of the question too, it was gripped uselessly in his left hand.
"I love you too, Snow White. Apology not needed." He turned Bucky over and kissed him slowly.
Could he manage? Did he dare? He was so tired of the warm wipes and chemical rinses. He wanted to
When he was in the car, returning to his apartment, he let his head fall into his hands.
Banner smiled reassuringly "he's already on his way up."
>Here, no time to waste, soldier boy.
Jarvis left and Steve put the plate aside. He sank back on the bed covering his face with his hands, letting last night's events come flooding back.
He licked his lips, his voice had a few false starts but finally he managed saying;
"You weren't listening when I talked to you?" Tony sounded exasperated though he was grinning like mad.
"Nnh! My first time?" He queried and received just a nod in response.
Bucky's hips thrust up into Tony's hand. The sensation was different than his own hand. The section of numbness he had felt more acute and strange when it wasn't his own hand.
What Tony didn't expect was for Bucky to slump forward into him. "I can't yet with the leg." Bucky whispered softly.
He laid there until sleep took him again. He awoke with a start an hour later, the image of Steve's face as he fell from the train burning in his mind.
He could pick it up if he wanted to. Couldn't he? Damnit. He reached down and snatched it off the floor, overbalanced himself and ended up on his ass in the floor.
What was it Tony had said all those months ago?
Howard stated a little hastily, getting to his feet as well. When Steve paused he continued with equal haste. "At the expo. . . Well-- well I noticed your friend. . ."
It was afternoon, he could tell that much. The floor to ceiling windows were all open leading where? A fire escape? No a balcony. There were plants out there.
Tony fidgeted the entire elevator ride. Was he seriously going to do this?
Bucky was content to let him be but Peter kept trying to start conversations between them. Saying things like:
_____________________________
"What are you thinking about, Stevie?" Bucky asked, pulling Steve from his thoughts. One shining metal fingertip was tracing patterns over Steve's stomach.
Tony got to his feet excitedly and took his time. Cap had already relieved him of his shirt so he didn't have that to worry about.
work."
Bucky had been talking through everything with Sarah Rogers, all the while he knelt on the rug, he never got pins and needles, or any kind of discomfort.
to me?" Tony cut Bucky off.
"W-were you about to have a flashback? Where you were captive again?" There was so much resigned understanding in Tony's voice that it made Bucky's heart ache all the more. He slowly nodded, burying his face in Tony's neck. He understood. Tony understood him.
Then there was Tony, looking over him.
"I need to go see him." He stood and made his way to the door. "oh and Tony?"
Steve focused on Tony now, his head was bowed and his shoulders slowly shaking.
"Oh god!" Tony curled forward, his cock twitching in Steve's hand, spilling his seed onto the previously pristine sheets below.
"How sweet." Came a voice to his left. "Never stayed, did it? That warmth that cut through all that pain? You still feel nazi hands in the dark don't you?" Zola laughed. How dare he intrude on this memory.
"You're not a man. You're a
"Are. . . Are there a lot of things you still don't remember?" Steve asked, pressing a kiss to Buck's hand. He was trying to be cautious, trying to not be upsetting.
When Steve cleared his plate, Howard pulled it from his hands, tossing it haphazardly away. He jumped up, straddling Steve's waist?
Out of curiosity, Tony leaned in and licked across the tight ring of muscle. The sound Bucky made was the most obscene thing Tony had ever heard--- and he'd heard Captain America call him a cum loving whore.
Steve's head snapped up at those words, "Feel?" He asked. He felt a pang of guilt, he'd shoved his shield between two of those plates before.
When Bruce stood Bucky grabbed his arm. "No needles. Please?"
After a moment of silently sharing one another's company, Bucky bit his lip and brought up something Tony had mentioned. Well, more than mentioned, they'd discussed it and nauseum for a day.
"No, Bucky..let me finish. I said things, things to hurt you. Specifically to hurt you. I went dirty I went low. I hurt you." Tony inched his chair closer. "You might have killed my parents. But you had to watch yourself do all those things from the inside with no way of stopping it . . . I was wrong. I know better. I know
"Well that
"I love you too Steve."
"Mrs Rogers," he began after a long and comfortable silence. "I don't think I belong here."
Howard's motions with his hips remained even, steady, measured.
"Y-yeah?"
"Hey you know we learned about you in school? I did a report on you in 5th grade!"
____________________________________________
H carried Bucky to the couch and dropped him unceremoniously onto the plush surface.
Bucky laughed soft and melodic. "That'd be lunch Tony."
Bucky slowly nodded. "I feel. . . Fine, Dr. Banner. Is this your lab? It isn't terrifying." He tried a smile but it was tight and more sad looking than anything.
He put the phone back to his ear after hitting Pepper's number.
Everyone was there.
Howard Stark was drinking in all the pretty moans Steve was gasping out.
Bucky was quiet for a moment, seemingly deep in thought.
He looked up into Zola's face and spat. It was red in the dim light.
"I ---" he swallowed hard then decided to let it all out in a rush. "I've been fooling around with Bucky! Not sex but making out, I mean I did jerk him off las- last night."
"Pad Thai" Tony supplied in a deadpan.
Tony was having coffee with Rhodey down stairs when an elderly FedEx worker knocked on the glass door.
"Where are we going?" Steve asked skeptically. "I need a shower after my run so. . ."
Bucky jolted up practically screaming something in Russian, followed by "W-what who's ... Who's here?"
That's all he knew stretching on for what seemed like an eternity. He squeezed his eyes tightly closed and waited.
Follow me here:
Had Bucky hurt him? Bucky glanced down at his metal appendages and snatched them away, cursing them to himself. Fuck he hated those hands.
Bucky wanted more but he didn't have words for exactly
When Steve made to follow the elevator doors closed. "I'm sorry Captain Rogers, you don't have clearance for this floor."
Tony didn't like this. He didn't like going back to the scene of one of his greatest transgressions soon after it happened.
Bucky quickly slipped into some pajamas and followed Tony out into the living room.
"A week." Tony sighed, the hurt of everything all at once washing over him.
Thor didn't seem to mind his lack of limbs or the weird smell that came from his hair due to the chemical rinse he'd used thus far instead of a proper shower.
Bucky's lips parted on a pretty moan. "Stevie." He mewed, almost unable to believe this was happening.
"Dom-Top?" Steve questioned, confused by the terminology.
His luck changed when he went to check his own bed.
"Tony doesn't need anyone else on his side, I thought you were on mine?!" Came Bruce's reply.
Tony expected Bucky to leave, go hide in Bruce's lab but he followed Peter and Tony into Tony's workshop.
The sound of Tony's hips coming into contact with Barnes' ass echoed nicely in the workshop. Tony fucked him hard, probably too hard for their first time but God Tony wanted him so bad for so long.
He felt himself inching closer to Bucky and quickly pulled back. He just missed Steve, that was all, right? Tony was also a very tactile man, always touching his friends lightly, in some manner. Leaning against them in cars, holding their hands.
"I'm sorry!" Was the first thing he gasped. "I love you and I'm sorry for being an asshole!" What a strange way to apologize, while cumming. Tony had no reservations about filling Bucky's ass. He did it with a sharp cry.
Steve briefly claimed his mouth then pulled back, stopping the stream of words pouring from Tony "Oh, I got the goddamn photo. Fuck. You're a whore for me aren't you?"
His need and his knowledge were at war. Knowledge was winning-- or perhaps it was heartbreak.
"I'll see what I can do." Tony got up to leave but Bucky stopped him.
He ordered food, had it all brought up and took his time setting the dining table. Everything was just so.
He was softly moaning Tony's name. Oh fuck he was close. "Fuh- fuck" he was panting out. How long had it been since he came?
"My mind, for one. The programming. . . But it. . . It's far away. . . And it might take a long time." He shifted so he could see Steve's face.
It was as if those words were magic ones for Steve sprang into motion afterward. He spun around, nearly knocking Howard off his feet.
"Good."
Steve had put a lot of effort into preparing Bucky but,  it was still not enough to ease the burn at actually being breached by Steve's thick dick.
"I haven't stretched you much are you sur---" Steve began, before remembering how angry he was with Tony, that they were practically at war with each other. "Fine." He stated, pushing Tony's legs wide and moving between them.
Sorry it took so long.
Grinning like a Cheshire cat, Howard pushed Steve down onto the bed then straddled his hips. The smaller man peeled his undershirt off and discarded it on the floor.
"I can't believe you're so big." Bucky groaned out when he trusted his voice to not be a high pitched whine.
He followed Howard down a hallway, both naked as the day they were born.
A plume of smoke marring the otherwise perfect, mild day; a syringe just in his line of sight, and rows of cold, indifferent faces.
He didn't seem to startle him. He took his cigarette from between his lips and flashed Steve a cocky smile. "Rogers... No wait." He gave a mock salute. "Captain America!"
Steve was coming to the slow conclusion that he liked this version of Howard. Soft, whimpering Howard.
When he looked back down at Stark he had his eyes squeezed tight and was biting his lip so hard that Steve wasn't surprised when a little blood trickled down.
"Please, Cap, j-just do it already." Tony practically begged. "I need you."  He gazed up at the other, parting his legs just slightly.
"Any progress?" Tony asked, picking around the tables to stand on the opposite side of the box, peering down into it.
"I'm sorry, Pete." He choked out, wanting to tuck his arms away out of sight somewhere. Somewhere they couldn't hurt anyone.
sets of twins, one pair Swedish the other pair . . . Romanian, I think? So picture it, me, drunk on Cristal and surrounded by four of the most gorgeous girls--"
He walked along the mantle piece, letting his fingers ghost over the objects displayed there. They made his head buzz a little, like they should be the most familiar things in the world but, he just couldn't place them.
He sat back down on the floor and began busily putting things into place. "Love you, Cap." He said through almost closed lips.
"I, I think we're d-done here Mr. Stark." Steve stammered and turned on his heel.
He spat a tooth and kept his eyes trained on the man in the Suit.
Sure he still had difficulty in the bathroom and with getting dressed when he was still sleepy in the morning but other than that? Smooth sailing.
"I hope you're enjoying these little trips down memory lane as much as I am, soldier."
in the world.
Peter's panting breath was visible in little clouds of condensation on the chill winter air. "Please-- aah ow, Bucky!" He groaned out, pulling back slightly from Bucky's touch.
Bruce nodded at him. "So that's where we are, if anyone has any bright ideas, I'd sure love hearing em."
"In the bathroom?" He could hear Tony approaching.
He cried out in surprise as the huge man lifted him like a doll.
"I don't care how rich you are, you're saying some dangerous things, Mr Stark." He said pointedly.
"I can't even enjoy my own goddamn hot tub."
"No, no, none of that Russian stuff. Sergeant Barnes, are you with me? Bucky?"
He leaned forward and kissed Steve languidly, wetly. "Your mouth tastes so, so good, doll." He said so obscenely that Steve almost had to look away. If only the super-soldier could hear Stark's thoughts. His cock twitched against Steve at the thought of running said cock around Steve's full, glistening lips.
"I'm allowing myself to have something I need." Bucky sounded resigned.
____________________________________________
Sounded right.
"Bringing work home with you?" Steve asked, sitting down too though a good distance away so as not to disturb anything.
Bucky placed his hand on the one still on his chest. "I dropped some ham and I fell. Seems stupid but it made me think--- it made me feel like I was back, back there trying to get used to being limbless."
"I know. He's with Peter, they've gone to Coney Island of all places." Tony rolled his eyes but he was smiling.
Two chapters in a day? I'm a madman.
"You didn't ask him."
Bucky got a bit quiet and seemed to shrink in on himself a little. "Yeah, always fighting one war after another." His smile didn't fit with his furrowed brow but he tried smiling anyway.
Tony nodded without looking up.
Grinning wickedly he pecked Tony's nose and left for the bathroom, stripping his clothes off as he went.
"Bucky it's okay. Breathe. You're having a panic attack. Breathe with me, Buck"
Tony nodded.
Steve groaned and stood, taking his empty coffee mug to the kitchen.
Bucky flashed in Steve's mind briefly before he found himself saying; "Step off pal, are you nuts?" When had he stood up? He didn't recall standing.
"D-doctor Banner!?" His own voice sounded like it was in a tunnel.
"Hm. You're right." Howard agreed as he leaned over and truly gave Steve some of that mouth. Stark's lips wrapped around the tip of Steve's prick and he wasted no time bobbing his head along the length.
"Selfish? I don't know. What I do know is there an endlessly frustrating boneheaded asshole down stairs who has basically pulled himself apart at the seams over you.
"How's two days from now sound? Get your strength up." Tony stood, picked up the arm and exited, just as Bruce was returning. When had he even left?
And God he had missed it.
it took a lot out of him with all the shit hanging over his head.
Bruce nodded. "Believe it or not . . .I think those bastards engineered that damn thing to
"Hundreds, and I remember them
"Friday, override protocol 5626-2. Unlock this door." The lock clicked and Tony turned the knob.
(See the end of the chapter for
Bucky woke up in Dr Banner's little clinic room, the room he'd spent countless hours in.
"Mr. Stark?" Peter questioned. "You in there?" He knew from experience not to trust that Tony
Then there were days where he'd lock himself in the bathroom and scream into one of the thick bath towels all because he couldn't stop the memories. The memories of his time as The Soldier. All the faces, all the people he'd killed, their anguish and his cold indifference. Was it that? Indifference not just programming? He knew the answer in his heart but it was less comfort and more a reminder of his failure to resist HYDRA.
"I did eventually though, Tony. Deep in the jungle in a dirty little shack. Fuck, I was aching for you." He grasped Tony's rigid prick languidly stroking it. "I started slow, like this." He purred then his hand left him. His fingers trailed down. "And then. . ." His fingertip pressed inside Tony, making him gasp at the hot friction. "I used
"Tony." Bruce chided.
It burned, but it was a nice, for Howard, he was already feeling so full. "More" he gasped out, though his body didn't really feel ready. This was good, this was release for Stark.
Steve was barely sure he'd heard Bucky speak.
"Yeah, I know, Buck." Steve said with a practised calm. he was mostly buying time for Tony-- who was still struggling with his shoes-- to get clear or at least back in his suit.
>I'm in.
Steve slowly let the weight of his hips push his dick deeper. The tight ring of muscle that encircled him seemed to spasm in protest.
Cap growled low in Tony's ear. After a moment's hesitation he bucked his hips, finally pressing his pelvis to plush ass. He arched back, breathing a sigh of near relief at being fully seated inside Tony's hot insides.
When he was able to move inside with ease, Cap drew back til just the tip remained inside, he angled his hips a bit gave Tony a series of hard, shallow thrusts, that made the smaller man practically scream.
"Don't you
"Here." Steve lightly pressed his finger between those pretty lips, eyes admiring the way they always had a gentle upward curve at the corners, the way they got so red from kissing, the perfect Cupid's bow.
He arched up as Steve kissed up his right thigh and placed a hard bite to the skin just beside his neglected cock. His neglected cock which twitched hard, slapping wetly on the puddle of pre it was currently leaking onto his abdomen.
Tony's heart raced his cock hardened so fast it left him dizzy. Captain America talking dirty, what a weakness to have.
A pang of guilt hit his gut when he let Bucky be taken away
Something in the man's tone made Banner sure this wasn't just a mild case of fear of needles.
Bucky sucked the digit into his mouth, knowing Steve wanted it wet. He had lube in the bedroom, but this was too good. It was too much fun to tease that long finger with his tongue and teeth. It tasted like gunpowder and sweat, like battle and Bucky couldn't say that he minded. Especially after noting the way Steve's eyes went from lust blown to totally black. Bucky moaned around the finger and when he let it go from between his lips it was dripping wet.
Tony gave an appreciative whistle as though he hadn't seen him entirely naked before. As though his hands hadn't been literally inside his chest. "Yes sir, Sargent."
From the ground he stared up at Tony who was now almost fully in the Iron Man suit- all that was missing was the faceplate.
Howard lay back, relaxing with a wet washcloth over his eyes. Steve took him in really for the first time.
At first Tony was shocked that Bucky was grabbing onto him, almost scared of the strength of those metal arms. But he wrapped Bucky up in his own and held the man who was trying so desperately to cling to reality.
The car had barely came to a stop at Avengers Tower when Tony put on his sunglasses climbed out of the limo and walked toward the doors.
Tony licked his lips and leaned in, running his tongue along the underside of Steve's cock.
me? See? There I go. Your fault."
He reached out one hand and tapped the sleeping man. Hard. Harder than he intended to.
"I. . ." He began, closed his mouth then started over. "I don't want to be something you two use to hurt one another. I.  I'll admit I enjoyed it too though."
He needed to get away from it, remove himself from the situation.
Oh god he was going to make him say it.
Bucky woke up slowly at first and then all at once. He made to sit up in bed but someone pushed him back down. "Shh, shh, it's okay Bucky." Dr Banner's hands were gentle as he eased him back down onto the pillows. "You're safe, everything went well. Relax."
Tony actually felt
He raised his ass to slip out of the sweats and used just his arms to swing himself over to the edge of the tub.
"What the hell is it with you and these Stark men?" Bucky hissed, venomously. "I get it, I mean they're cocky, brash and charming-- rich to boot but come on Steve!"
"Just Bucky" came Bucky's meek voice from the bed.
Steve moaned deeply into Bucky's mouth and popped his hips. Buck finally let his head fall back, a breathless moan escaping.
The man was sitting naked, a piece of toast hanging from his lips, and his hands occupied with some bit of complicated machinery. "Don't be rude, take your plate from Jarvis." He said without looking up.
Tony smiled sheepishly and Steve just sighed and shoved his fingers into his own mouth.
There were things Bucky was slowly coming to terms with. The exact extent and perverse nature of the abuse he'd endured, for one. The least horrible was the man he was currently clinging to.
"Maybe with the pants." Bucky was getting used to pushing his pride down and at that present moment those sweatpants seemed insurmountable.
Steve was at a loss for what to say to Tony. Maybe he should just wait for him to talk. Maybe he should try and hold him, mayb--
Just when he was about to disobey a direct order from his Captain, Steve's hand gripped his aching cock and gave it a few slow strokes. Cap's fingers slid over Tony's head, slicking with precum. "C-cap, I'm--fuck!- not gonna last like this!"
Tony knew how to fuck, and fuck well. When Bucky adjusted he gave him a sharp pop of his hips. Bucky shrieked because he immediately hit his spot. "Oh! Oh my-- Tony!"
The moans encouraged Steve to began an uneven rhythm.
"Whaaaat?" He groaned.
They talk.
"Yeah? Like what?" Steve asked, lifting Bucky's hand and kissing it.
Tony's eyelids fluttered closed. Fuck, either sounded good but. . .
"Wanna stop here?"
"No! Its just. . . it hurts but not cause of you." Peter chewed his lower lip.
Steve lunged forward grabbing his shoulder. "Tony, let me explain!"
"Cap, I--" he began but was cut off by a stern look. "I want your cock, Captain." He managed, breathlessly.
He took the elevator up to his office slash living space and settled down with his laptop. The bit of work he had to do was over quickly and it was only 9:55 when he grew bored enough to start pacing.
"We could do better for him back home." Steve paced the waiting room of the hospital.
Bucky was reluctant to admit that he did indeed like it. "Did you make it?"
"I'm not complaining, have you seen your ass in these?" Steve wasted no time or care for gentility in ripping the jeans down Bucky's legs. Of course there was no room for underwear under those skin tight things.
Tony's hands shook as he tried to cut into the thick steak. He managed one shaky bite, he did drip the red wine reduction onto his chest. For some reason it made him flush with embarrassment.
Howard shook his head. "Good, keep going."
"We marathon fucked for almost nine hours?"
His entire body tensed when Stark pressed up against him from behind. His hands slid around Steve, feeling his sculpted abs through the thin button-down he wore.
Without him realizing it, Bucky's hand sought out Tony's lacing his fingers into the other man's.
"His!"
He lay back on the pillows with a frustrated sigh. "What the hell are you gonna do about all this, Barnes?" He breathed out loud to himself.
?!" Red and gold gripped Bucky's chin hard enough to hurt. "How many people begged you not to kill them? Do you even remember her?"
Sorry for the short chapter
. So then what was this knife twisting in his gut over Bucky?
"Come here Tony." Steve ordered firmly as he sat down.
"No. this is just for you." Tony groaned.
the same person Tony. I don't remotely know what it means to be Bucky Barnes any more than you'd know how to be. I've got these memories, nice ones, mostly revolving around Stevie. I don't remember my family. I don't remember having a mom or dad." Bucky's voice was slow and dead sounding.
Tony rolled his eyes and smiled at her. "Smart, beautiful and a functional human being, Pepper Potts, ladies and gentlemen."
"I told you." He panted, gripping Steve's shoulder almost tight enough to bruise. "I felt like I could cum from you talking dirty."
Steve growled a bit and yanked his pajamas down to his thighs, making his cock spring free.
He lay back, panting and feeling utterly spent. Steve hadn't came so hard in recent memory. He noted, embarrassed, that some of his own cum was all the way on his chin.
"Cum for me, doll." He purred, quickening his pace.
He brought his hand up to his comm. "Tagging out, Cap, I have to land. Can't breathe up here."
He broke into a smile that made his eyes sparkle.
"Your skin was just so perforated from the shrapnel of your arm. . . Anyway. . . Um here" he tapped the highlighted missing left leg. "This one was unfortunate. We never found the leg."
"Tony what!?" He gave up on the crutch and let himself roll for cover. The dresser exploded into splinters and Bucky rolled again, making for the door.
He couldn't stop the well timed headbutt.
Bucky gasped when Tony crushed his mouth to his. The gasp let Tony shove his cum coated tongue inside Bucky's mouth, making him taste himself.
Bucky sighed and wrapped the skinny teen up in his arms, he made a very puppy-like sound and nestled himself into the embrace. "Thanks. I have enhanced senses and sometimes the world gets to be a little much. This I can focus on. It grounds me."
He only picked up the pace when Steve pushed back, hungrily.
"Hhah! Oh Jesus I'm gonna--!" Bucky gasped out seconds before ruining Tony's shirt with his cum. He'd told Tony to take it off even if this was just a quickie in the literal broom closet.
He couldn't look at Steve, he couldn't see the judgement in those beautiful baby blue eyes.
The voice behind him caused him to whirl around, snatching his sunglasses back off.
"Now Tony." He began. "The way you're going to earn my forgiveness is by giving me a good show. Can you do that, darling?"
A knock at his bedroom door made Steve jump. He wiped his face on his sleeve and pressed the heels of his palms into his eyes, willing the tears to stop.
"I. . . I need you, Bucky." His heart was racing, his legs shook. "Please."
>Hey, Nat.
"H-heya Cap." He was lightly bucking into his own hand. "Just calling to tell--mmh, fuck. Tell you how much I miss you. I was thinking about your cock all day. Mhhh, shit, Steve I wish you were here so I didn't have to use my fingers." He'd slid his free hand down and was slowly fingering himself. "Oh my god, Cap, I wish this was you." When he came, moaning Steve's name into the phone he hung up and licked his hand clean. He hoped Steve listened to that as soon as possible.
"Stevie." Bucky tensely greeted in return, dropping his gaze to the tabletop.
He bobbed his head, moaning softly, sluttily, vibrations from his voice running through, Cap's thick cock.
a driver's license, Snow White?"  Tony was loath to just get into the passenger seat with
Going off on some self imposed mission to bury a 70 year old ache in him? That sounded more accurate than Steve was willing to admit.
Buck let out a shuddering breath letting the warm weight of Tony's hand ground him.
He'd watched the quinjet make it's approach knowing who was on it. His heart didn't quicken he just felt empty.
Steve had just peeled himself out of his Captain America uniform when he'd called Tony. He really wanted a shower and to attend to the still healing cut across his jaw. Time was short though, and Bucky was a higher priority than his washing off the grime of battle. He settled into a pair of loose sweats and an old tee. It had his shield printed on it. A fan had given it to him at a public appearance and he thought it was both humorous and a bit touching.
Peter groaned, embarrassed that he was making it such a thing.
"Yes." Was his soft reply.
"He's just trying to placate me." Bucky stated flatly.
Tony shuddered "first off, that's gross. I'll see you at nine I guess."
He studied him with wonderment until he noticed Friday was repeating herself for the second time to him
Bucky rolled into his stomach and coughed, trying to get some air into his lungs.  Dust and debris fell all around him.
Steve withdrew his fingers and reached for the bottle of lube he kept beside the bed. He was disappointed to find it empty.
"I'll see who's awake then."
"Licking duck sauce off my nipples doesn't count as stopping exactly." He let himself fully relax against Steve. "You did tire me out though." He hummed pleasantly.
"What's the matter?" He asked, a clear expression of worry plain on his face.
"Tony you're real?" He asked, desperation evident in his voice.
"Shh. Shut up, shut up!" He moaned out. "I'm going to cum if you don't stop."
When the doors opened he was met by a wall of flesh in an expensive suit.
this morning to set this whole thing up." She looked indignant but there was a playful sparkle in her eyes.
Cap's hand pumped Tony's cock, his tongue slowly withdrew. "You said, I had to tire you out, right?" His tongue darted out sliding a slow circle around Tony's entrance.
Tony cleared his throat and offered an arm. "Do you need any other help?" Tony asked as he watched the other man dry his long hair.
He received a curt nod and reached out. His hand slid around Cap's cock, pumping it a few times whilst trying to settle his nerves. Captain America was more intimidating by far than Steve Rogers. Especially at this angle.
His hands slid from Tony's hair, down his back and settled on his ass. Steve gripped it hard, pushing their hips together. Steve rolled his own, grinding them together, making sure Tony could feel how much he wanted him. The nature of Cap's suit left nothing to the imagination.
"Jesus, Buck, you gonna cum on nothing but my cock?" Steve groaned out. "Cum for me, beautiful."
Bucky smirked and leaned in to nip onto Steve's lower lip. "You're right of course." He purred when he let the kiss swollen flesh pop free of his teeth. "Tell that to my dick though, Rogers."
His eyes snapped up with some hint of recognition. Tony. Tony hadn't been in Berlin way back then. No... Avengers Tower? He remembered that.
Bucky had been gay the entire time.
"He wants to know if you're a suicide risk."
Steve's arms wrapped around him tightly, drawing him in closer. He hadn't realized how much he was starved for affection.
He let Steve slip from him. The other mans seed trickled down his thighs, then as he sank down to the floor, it dripped out puddling there. He panted, letting his eyes close til he felt Steve's hand on his shoulder.
If there was one thing he was thankful for in this apartment, it was that this tub was
Bucky slowly nodded, unable to deny it.
"I think you'll make it, soldier." There was a tightness in Steve's voice under all that well practised calm, that optimism. Bucky had heard it on the battlefield, when Cap had been comforting a man who had a hole blown clean through him, no hope.
"Queens was nothing but farms when I was a kid, that's amazing." Bucky was exclaiming excitedly.
Steve groaned and pulled back "take your shirt off." He gasped out. Bravado and bratty attitude tossed aside, Tony too tossed aside his shirt.  "Pants too. Off." Cap ordered. Here Tony's hands fumbled with his belt, shaking too much to be quick.
Howard closed his eyes and focused on the feeling of Steve's lips on his neck and his hands on his back. This was easy, he could do this, he let himself melt against the much bigger man, let him do what he pleased.
The way he writhed in the sheets was reminiscent of the much smaller man he used to be.
So much for baby steps.
. He reached up, snapped the chin strap and forcibly pulled the helmet from Steve's head. He threw it aside and tried to not feel anything when he heard Cap's head cracked back on the concrete a bit.
"You sure?" Steve asked.
Everything was so well manicured, even the tiny white stones that made up the path were perfectly placed. Not a single stone marred the plush green perfection of the lawn.
He looked down at his bare feet. The only thing he hadn't put back on was his sneakers and it made him feel a little childish.
"Thank you." He purred when he finally pulled away. "I needed this, you were right."
"Jesus Pete!" Tony exclaimed. "What, what's this about aunt hottie?" He pinched the bridge of his nose.
When Bucky began to whimper and cry out, Peter crawled up the wall, across the ceiling and down the wall closest to Bucky's bed.
"Out. Of. My. Way, Rogers." Bucky made to push past him. He was feeling trapped. He knew he was going to have an attack of some kind but he had to wait. Wait til he was outside, some desolate alley or parking lot. Then he could break down. Not here.
"Fu-fuck." Bucky groaned.
Steve had really wanted to go slow, take time teasing. Maybe even make Tony beg for it. Make him cum over and over til it hurt.
"How's my rooms? Can I go back there or am I allowed to stay?"
"You were meant to have a meeting with a Peter Parker at 5 today."
Bucky arched when it slid over his hole. It was still a little sensitive from Tony's hasty prep and their hard, quick fuck earlier.
Bucky went to put his hand on his left shoulder but Thor grasped it and moved it over his heart.
"So. When you're more confident on your leg we can get you moved out of this room. Clinical in here isn't it? I mean the drapes are nice but the machines are . . . Frustrating to look at."
He barely registered Bruce sitting gently down on the bed, rubbing his chest soothingly.
that you're kissing other people?" When Steve refilled his coffee, Tony snatched it away and took a drink of the scalding liquid.
This was why he hated getting up early. Too early for lunch with Pepper and too late to get into anything else.
Bucky was too stunned to block the next punch. He saw stars as metal collided with flesh.
"Right, so, with nothing to autopilot, it overheated your entire body. We got rid of it though, so that's nothing to worry about. Tell me, could you feel that damn thing?"
Tony didn't bother going to the lab or his own rooms, choosing instead to retire to Steve's bed, twisting himself into the sheets, enveloping himself in Steve's smell.
He heard boots now, heavy ones, running.
What was that supposed to mean? Sheer confusion kept Steve rooted to the spot.
Bucky's feet shuffled to a pause, he only half turned to look at Steve. "I left Sam back there fighting some half child half arachnid. He probably needs a hand."
Steve turned his hand palm up and Bucky lightly settled his hand on Steve's. Steve squeezed his unyielding metal fingers. These would have to do. These would have to be the fingers that Steve loved if this could be resolved.
. Now look at me and breathe like Steve was having you do."
He blushed a deeper shade than Howard had yet seen.
He got the impression he was up quite high, the city spread out below him.
"There you are, James." She smiled too but there was none of the deep lines of care there that he remembered. She looked fresh and healthy, vibrant. She wore her nurse's uniform, little hat and all.
Steve allowed Tony to pull him into the waiting car. When Tony climbed in beside him Steve took his hand in a death grip.
"Peace offering." He put the bear down on the bedside table and let the balloons go, letting them float up to bump against the ceiling.
Steve reached up to pull Bucky's hands from his face. "No hiding, doll." He cooed as he stared directly into Bucky's eyes and licked along his tip.
Bucky squeezed his hand and a peal of laughter rang out.
"What goods it gonna do?" He tossed the scissors, they skittered across the floor.
Feel? How did he feel?
"Steve I'm sorry. About Tony. I- I was an ass. I'm just so jealous. We'll never be together. Not like I dreamed."
about her? Long lost love?" A crack rang out as Steve open hand slapped Bucky.
Peter was up on the ceiling by this point. "Hi Bucky." He called down. "Were you having a nightmare? You looked like you were. S-sorry I woke. . . Woke you up."
A gutted sound escaped Bucky's throat. That memory had escaped him til just now. Little Steve holding his hands and warming them while the guy shivered his ass off himself. The memory was vivid and seemed to unleash a flood of other tiny things. He remembered a lot of things but they were mostly in wide swaths devoid of detail. Only a bit of the minutia was vivid.
Steve pulled his fingers back and let his palm rest on his rear. "What's wrong?" Steve cooed so soothingly it made Howard feel off kilter. The hand on his ass began gently rubbing up and down his back again.
He looked down at his phone, blearily reading Nat's text.
When his softening cock did finally slip slip out, Bucky whined for it's absence. He felt empty.
Bucky sat in stunned silence on one hand his head was telling him
God above, how pretty he was-- debauched, panting, whimpering.
Bucky nodded and tried to relax.
"Just left, Captain." Friday announced a tick later.
He scooted down in the water til he was laying on the bottom of the tub, looking up at the ceiling, rippling through the water. He hadn't relaxed like this in months. Years? Not since he'd fought Bucky on the Helicarrier.
Bucky stood in the bathroom, stark naked, looking out over the Manhattan skyline.
Her face had a grim set to it as she shook hands with Steve.
"Bucky left. Did you know?" Steve asked with a defeated groan.
"Bucky!" He gasped out.
"Tony please!" He cried out, gripping at the shifting steel.
anything my-- my --" he tried reaching for Steve with his dominant left hand but found nothing happened. "My . . . Whole. . . left. . . Side." He fell back to the pillows, willing away the newest wave of panic.
That left Tony and the spider kid, Peter.
Tony moved in closer and hopped up to straddle Steve's lap. "Details."
Peter was sitting on the trunk of the limo looking windblown to say the least.
He rolled over and stared up into the baby blues he'd missed so much.
"Finally acknowledgement!"
Steve relaxed into it, letting his head fall to Tony's shoulder, be damned if anyone else cared. If they wanted to stare, let them.
____________________________________________
"Doctor Banner is absent from the tower at this moment, sir. He left late with Thor."
"Always."
"Its all in there still you know. All the shit Hydra put in there." His hands slid to Tony's shoulders, he braced himself like he was teetering on the edge of some great precipice. "I don't trust my mind. I don't know I don--" a little strained sound came out and that was all it took for the tears to start. "Tony. They hurt me. It's all so much. I can't shake them. I keep seeing a Nazi, Hydra agent or Soviet spy in every shadow. I f--- I feel their hands on me in the dark. Tony they
The first fact became pressing when Steve added a finger into the mix. "Steve I'm gonna! I'm . . . Ah fuck! Steve I'm gonna cum!" He warned and Steve moved back before he could indeed cum.
That wasn't Bruce yelling was it? The man didn't seem capable.
He'd spent too long away, that was certain.
"No I got em. . . Peter's waiting to really meet you. So we should. . ." Tony offered the  sweats to Bucky and helped him stand and adjust them over the stump.
"Sure thing, Bucky."
It was startling really that he found himself suddenly realizing that he'd not seen himself fully naked since before the accident. He looked skinny that was sure, he's lost some muscle tone but not bad otherwise. His left side was scarred horribly, it had to be massive injury for him to scar after the serum.
There was a quality to the light that stirred memories of something . . . But he could not place it.
Steve smirked, "you want to cum for me is all I'm hearing." He settled in behind Tony, leaned in and placed a light bite on one of his pert cheeks.
"I love you too, Cap." Tony just lay there looking at the way the light played on Steve's eyelashes, the way his lips parted slightly when he slept. That beard was hot, scratchy on his skin but incredibly hot.
Being manhandled by Steve had to be a kink of his. It simply did things to him.
"Oh I'm sorry are you
Tony took the acknowledgement as an invitation, opening the door just enough to slip inside.
The man Steve had unstrapped from that table in that camp. . . He was already far removed from who Bucky had been.
"M-morning, Bucky." He said groggily, rubbing sleep from his eyes. His hair stuck out in all directions and his clothes were a mess. One shoe was missing.
Steve became vaguely aware of the sound of music, a phonograph was softly playing in some corner of the room. He relaxed a bit and ate listening to Ruth Etting singing sorrowfully about unrequited love, wishing the fella who'd stolen her heart would just take all of her.
First names already? He was still calling Tony "Mr. Stark."
"Heya, Buck." He forced out as he stepped off the elevator.
There was no decorum here. Bucky didn't waste time he swallowed Tony down in one.
"On his way home."
"Hawkeye. Arrows."
Stark nodded and approached, sitting down at the place set for him.
He experimentally slid both hands along his thigh, fingertips brushing where it ended. He could feel most of it, there was a severe numbness on his inner thigh however.
Tony knew that look of resolve, remembered this was only a meant to be a little more than a hate-fuck. He braced himself as he felt the hot, slick tip of Steve's impressive cock between his cheeks.
"Whos the skinny kid?" He asked with a smile. He kinda had a soft spot of skinny kids.
"I'm sorry he forgot. I'll make you pancakes in the morning. Happy birthday, Pete." He lay down and let the kid snuggle back up to him. It didn't take much time at all for Peter to fall asleep wrapped up in Bucky.
"Maybe one day, Tony." His fingers slowly circled the reactor scar and Tony let him.
His metal hand closed on the bottle of shampoo, he smelled it and decided it was a little floral but it would do.
"How fucking dare you!" Tony yelled out, his voice slightly hitching. "It's not like you just met me at some random bar and said.
"Fine! Fine! You win, Cap. stop."
When Cap was fully seated inside him, he paused, panting trying to get used to the fullness.
And yet he didn't pull away. Of course he didn't. Howard was a glutton for punishment.
Steve sat on the vacant bed and tilted Tony's chin up, making him meet those painfully blue eyes. When had he grown a beard?
Howard was knelt down on a plush rug on the pristine white tiles that made up the floor, fiddling with the taps on a huge claw footed bathtub. "How are you feeling?" He asked Steve without looking up. "Not physically" he added before Steve could open his mouth.
Whilst Steve was taking in the room, Howard loosened his tie and slipped down his suspenders. He kicked his shoes off and undid the sock garters kicking those off as well. His shirt and slacks fell haphazardly where they willed and Howard sat on the edge of the bed in nothing but his shorts and undershirt. "Coming, Steve?" He queried, drawing Steve from his reverie.
Steve roughly grabbed Stark's hips and bucked his own up, grinding his clothed cock against Howard's ass.
"I'm here, Stevie." Bucky breathed, neither man knew how. "Is it bad, Steve?" He asked, only just realizing his mouth was full of blood.
____________________________________________
This time the perpetrator was met with a metal fist.
Of course it wasn't like that for Bucky. He
"Bucky?" That made his head hurt, it made him confused. "Yes?" He offered tentatively.
"He probably bites!" Tony warned as the door swung inward.
"I'm real Bucky." He held tighter as Bucky did the same. One hand went up and held Bucky's head, fingers tangling in the uneven mess of his hair. "Oh Bucky." He soothed.
"But you know, Steve, that's kinda what I do. I ruin things." He turned on his heel and walked back the in the direction he'd last seen Sam.
Tony shook his head.
Bucky couldn't help but to pull Steve's face down and kiss him chastely. The thought ocurred that they were unique. They were unique in that they were alive and young though they were born a century ago. Unique that they could be there for one another in that aspect. That they unlike anyone else could remember those days together.
"Hm? What, Friday?" He rubbed his eyes and tried to focus.
He grabbed Steve's hand and forced him to lean down and touch his flesh leg, taking firm note of the way Steve flinched at the feeling of his metal hand. "This is all that's left. The fingers that touched you? Gone. One back in the 40s. . . The other right in that goddamn kitchen, spread on the floor like jam by a steel girder. What am I Steve? What's going to be left?"
Cap stood with his fists clenched, "Nothing, Tony just, get dressed and go." He said without turning.
"Easy. Easy." Bruce soothed. "We can get to all that later. Right now you need to focus on your strength. Maybe eat something? Crackers?"
A voice Bucky didn't recognize but didn't seem to be arguing commented. "He is a tiny beast of pure rage and he is not even green! Ha! I love you tiny Avengers."
"Yep. So. Not to change the subject but, do you want a leg too?"
Tony found himself shifting closer to him. "No. Not at all. I can't take a bath after what happened to me. And you see how into bathrooms I am just based on the ostentatiousness of your own." It was ostentatious. It was 200 square feet of white marble and glass, bigger than some New York apartments. It had an inset tub and Cascade shower, the sink was one of those motion sensor things made of matching marble. There was also as promised a soaking tub one could sit in submerged up to their neck. One wall was solid one-way glass that looked out over the city.
"I love you."
Already he'd broken a mustard jar, a tap on the kitchen sink and crushed the back of a chair at the dining table. And that was all in the span of just this afternoon.
"Clint?"
"See ya later, Bucky." He said cheerily as he exited the room.
"Who am I to deny my best friend?" He turned, flashing Steve the most fake smile.
It was almost like chairs repelled his ass the way he'd been pacing for hours on end.
Seeing Steve, first thing, laying there in the floor like when they were kids--- it sent a stab of emotion through him that he just couldn't shake.
Bucky's eyes were squeezed closed, nobody had ever pushed his mind like this, asked him to try and remember painful things. Or, what people thought were painful. They were just blanks for Bucky. Little black voids, but they were voids he knew he should have attachment to, emotions connecting them all together in the map of his life.
First they had had to graft in a fine Vibranium mesh to build anchor points on. That wasn't even the hard part. Bucky nearly flatlined every time they touched one of the nerve or muscle connections that Hydra had put into him they hadn't wanted to connect up properly with their modifications.
When Steve grabbed onto both cheeks of Bucky's ass and grinded against him hard Bucky gasped out a needy "Please, Stevie!"
Tony couldn't stop himself. When Bucky parted from his lips, he pushed him back and shed all his clothes. "Strip." He tempered the order with a "please."
The army had put him up in a tiny apartment until they could figure out what to do with him--a one-off from a project that would never be as planned.
"Come in I'm uh, in the uh, could you actually help me, Tony?" He called in return.
"Of course you have." Steve laughed.
Bucky glanced over at him, he purposefully made the car lurch and Tony grabbed the dashboard in alarm. Bucky's laugh made Tony all but snarl.
Bucky was left with a hollow and strange feeling in the pit of his stomach. He couldn't make head or tail of his emotions.
"Friday told me you. . . You doing alright?" His nerves were apparent in his voice.
"Well, when you live where you work." Tony muttered, not looking up from the blueprints on his knee.
"This is early, Mr. Stark." Peter said, rubbing his eyes. "And on a Saturday, come on."
It was Tony's tongue that traced the line next. Bucky gasped, subconsciously raising his hips.
He could hear voices but what did they mean? One he didn't recognize but the other--- Stevie.
The elevator ride was just enough time to get Steve's nerves keyed up. Sure he was a brave man, recklessly so, some might say.
"Klonopin?"
____________________________________________
"First off, how do you feel?" Banner drew up a chair and sat beside him.
that even was.
But Bucky was gone. His mind was miles and years away.
9 a.m. came way too soon for either Tony or Steve.
Deep down he wanted Steve to leave a brilliant mark there, like some overheated teenager.
should go talk to Snow White in the morning. Now hear me out! I'll come with a peace offering." He briefly raised the hand up the put it down. "A slice of pizza and we're all friends. agreed? Good."
"Tired subject isn't it? Nice that you were on a first name basis with him though. I mea--mhh." He was cut off by Steve's lips crushing against his own.  The kiss was a bit dizzying for Stark though it was brief.
