to help me; your sister's treatment would still have been paid for; I've made arrangements to ensure that." John raised an eyebrow, but Sherlock pressed on, "I always keep my promises, assuming I'm not lying when I make them in the first place."
Sherlock rolled his eyes, a gesture that Molly, thankfully, could not see, as he was examining a slide of bacteria under a microscope. He'd come to Barts to evaluate the strain of bacterial infection that was the end of Mr. Wallingford. Something about the case still did not sit right with him. Maybe it was nothing. Maybe he'd deduced all there was for anyone to deduce. There was the chance he could learn something in this research that would be helpful in other cases, or , even better, that he'd stumble across something that would break open the case once more.
There were more hesitation marks, and several scratched out words, as if Alexander had fussed over what to write next. The words that followed however, were written boldly, in a rush, as though he'd decided to relay the truth as quickly as possible.
Friend… Was Sherlock his friend? Maybe, a friend of sorts. By Sherlock's standards anyway, John might be one of his only friends.
A husband in the picture might change things. Not that John was considering this so he could see Mary, but even if Sean was a kind agreeable man, it would be awkward living with a couple for several reasons. John didn't really want anything to do with love at the moment. "Sean won't mind taking on a tenant?" John asked, dubious.
Sherlock and John spoke simultaneously.
John frowned at the board, moving a pawn out. "It feels more effective to put her out there where she can do the most good, attack the enemy directly."
him since shortly after he had been poisoned... "This was one of your jobs?"
Sherlock shut his eye more tightly, and shook his head, fighting the tremors adrenaline wanted to unleash throughout his body.
He hadn't waited for a reply, chucking his phone in a sewer grate soon after his furtive exit from 221 B. Still, he knew Wiggins would be there... He really didn't deserve such loyalty, but he was grateful for it all the same.
John chuckled and pulled back. "Right, sorry." John moved to get off of Sherlock when his hand brushed the consulting detective's cheek and he stilled.
set up on the letters and the genetic testing."
Sherlock looked up with a small, "Hm? Oh, this. I pick-pocketed it off of our neighbors." With a small jerk of his head, Sherlock indicated an older couple sitting at the table to their right. John glanced and his mouth slowly dropped open when he saw the woman was
Ms. Adeline hadn't been in his contacts this morning, but apparently she was now. Silently he'd answered the call and pressed the phone to his ear. He heard only this, before the caller hung up: "
The muscles in John's stomach clenched as he fought the impulse to draw in a quick breath at the sight of the body. It was about as bad as he expected, but that didn't make looking at it, at
"John!"
Sherlock's fingers open and closed reflexively, while he struggled with disbelief. It
John helped Mary carry the serving dishes out to the table by the fireplace and they began to eat.
I know I say it every week, but I really mean it:  a big thank you to everyone who has left comments, kudos, subscribed to, and/or bookmarked my story!  I can't tell you how much I appreciate the support, and encouragement, as well as to hear your thoughts on the story.  I hope you enjoy this next installment!
Greg rolled his eyes and began typing furiously once more. John drew a measured breath, ready to start actually yelling if he had to, when Greg held up a hand to stop him. "I'm looking up his tracking device," Greg explained.
Sherlock tipped his head to one side, causing some of the light from their windows to spill over John's face. "I can play modern songs as well."
When the time came for lunch, eating was the last thing John wanted to do, but he made himself grab a small sandwich from the deli and managed to eat half of it before his stomach threatened to rebel. John was just wrapping up the remainder and placing it into his bag when he spied Sarah in the hallway.
John lumbered through the snow, impeded by the slope just beside the train tracks. A portly, red-faced man had also leapt from the train and was yelling after the ex-army doctor in what John suspected was Dutch. His conscience nagged at him, but he pushed it back, forcing his legs forward through the snow and cold. The man was following him now, John could hear the footsteps behind him, but the ex-army doctor had a good lead.
She was yelling at him now, but he hadn't been listening. She was venting her own anger and resentments about unrequited affection out onto him. He'd never asked her to fancy him, and as such had been very insensitive to her feelings. That was no great surprise, he was insensitive to a great many people's feelings. It was brilliantly effective during a case and outside of cases it kept the tedium to a minimum.
John glanced over his shoulder with a wry smile. "Don't ask for miracles."
fault. Sherlock gave himself a mental shake. He had to focus on the case. It was the last and only thing he'd be able to do for John. "Mr. Wallingford died in the care of Charing Cross Hospital, while he was recovering from a routine bypass. It could have been murder, but I never found a lead solid enough to build a case." Sherlock lifted the bottle he still held and gestured with it. "I imagine your patient's death could have been just as explainable, except for this."
"Ah!" Angelo exclaimed, clapping his hands together. "I will get a candle for your table. It's more romantic."
"Sherlock!" The older man objected. "It's one thing to bring you in on a case, but I don't even know him!"
The elevator ride to the eighth floor was silent and filled with tension. When the doors opened they moved as one out into the main hallway. The walls were finished with expensive wallpaper and the floor was covered in thick carpeting, and everything was surprisingly empty. Sherlock picked up the pace to a quick jog, and Mary and John followed his lead. It was eerie passing so many empty halls and rooms. Something was definitely wrong. John wanted to hope that people had begun to evacuate when the air started to smell bad, but he couldn't be sure.
"I'm not going with you, Sherlock, you're leaving way too much to chance. What if there's a silent alarm? What if he comes home for something? What if your just
Slowly, John looked up, and was caught by the intensity of Sherlock's gaze. He certainly looked like someone in love…
Mary chuckled. "This Saturday is fine, John. Come sooner if you want to, it's really no bother at all."
," He said in a low voice.
obituaries crammed into The Practical Management of Pain before Sherlock found the obituary for Andrew Wallingford...and there were two more
Sherlock's latest case had resulted in one of their wildest chases ever, through a full warehouse.
Sherlock smirked. "Your queen is your most important piece. She can be the heart of a game; you have a bad habit of over utilizing her."
John swallowed and nodded. "I can hear you."
Mary stood and walked towards him, frowning. "I can give you a massage, if you want," she suggested, nodding her head towards John's shoulder, where his hand still rubbed the stubborn muscle. "I'm not a massage therapist, but I probably know enough to help with the pain."
to be wanted.
Sherlock fidgeted impatiently, knotting his fingers together behind his back while he waited for his brother to look up and notice his present.
Sherlock stepped close to him once more, looming over him with sardonic self-satisfaction. "You're a doctor. In fact, you're an army doctor. You've probably seen a lot of injuries and violent deaths. A bit of trouble too, I bet." A vicious grin tugged at the edges of Sherlock's lips. "Want to see some more?"
they'd done together, that John's tolerance for having his world turned on its ear would be greater than most people would need in a lifetime. Generally speaking, one would be correct. However, John had never hoped, never even dreamt that his sorrowful request, breathed only to the mist and the cold granite of Sherlock's tombstone, would ever come true. He'd wanted it to be true, desperately, more than anything, but he'd still had a firm grip on reality. He'd seen the blood. There was no pulse... Those sightless blue eyes would haunt him until the day he died...
A cold that had little to do with the misty rain settled deep into John's skin and clawed at his heart. Mycroft would know, better than any other person, how to lure John in with those letters. Build his trust, push his buttons, play with his heart like a cat with a mouse.
"Because the ground where Mrs. Werner is buried has been soaked in blood many times," Sherlock replied grimly, almost whispering. "But not always human blood."
Mary had turned on the gas fireplace and set the table in front of it with a plate on either side along with a glass of water and a glass red of wine. John could see she'd spread the vegetables in a circle around the plate, and nestled the salmon in the center. It was a very inviting picture.
minds. This will drum up more cases. Of course I will have to sort through all the riff raff and their equally boring cases, but that is a necessary tedium, I'm afraid."
As angry as he had been about Sherlock's deception, John had never been able to ignore how grateful he was at the same time. He'd been given the miracle he had so desperately wanted, regardless of the cost.
"About what?" Sherlock asked, looking genuinely perplexed, a rare expression for him.
John stared until he thought he might get a migraine then scrunched his eyes closed and rubbed the bridge of his nose. "No," he said, sounding a bit defeated. "They look perfectly normal to me." He peeked up at Sherlock and, surprisingly, a smile was tugging at the edges of his lips. "What am I missing?"
"...I questioned him about it, " Molly continued, "But he wouldn't open up to me at first." She looked down at her tea with a sad smile. "Not that he ever really did, but I knew something bad was about to happen... He looked so sad, whenever he thought you couldn't see him."
Sherlock tugged his coat tighter around himself as he walked, not because he thought it would help with the chill in his bones—that was the poison, but so the oversized garment would cover his profile, and help disguise his height and weight. He was trudging too, his worn out soles scraping the pavement as he shuffled along.
for once."
Warmth blossomed in Sherlock chest, and even though his legs were still drawn up close to his body, he leaned forward to continue their kiss. He frowned when John drew back, his handsome face coming into focus. "Are
bother him occasionally since Sherlock's death, but that was usually on those days when the dull ache of morning Sherlock became a wound torn open, stabbing with pain. These letters certainly scraped roughly over John at times with the way they reminded him of Sherlock, but still the sudden pain in his leg was unexpected.
"Seriously?" John asked, affronted that Sherlock did not even acknowledge his question.
John could almost feel the gun recoil in his hand as his mind flew back to that long ago night. Mycroft had been right, he
could she not believe him? Sherlock and John didn't speak to each other except to fight, and even that wasn't much...
"I don't know about that," James countered. "You've lived with him for a while now. You seem to understand him, at least a little. And I would certainly say that you've grown attached."
Mary smiled back and poked John's cheek until he turned his head to face forwards once more. She started out gently, running her hands along his neck, shoulders, and back in long strokes, just seeing what she had to work with. Like most people John's neck and the muscles along his spine were very tense. His shoulders, especially his trapezius muscles, were more of a mess than most people due to his injury, and his good shoulder's tendency to overcompensate.
His letters from his sister, which continued to arrive at a regular pace, gave him something to hope for, and his new friendship with James was a balm to his emotional turmoil. James was everything Sherlock was not. He was warm, friendly, caring, sympathetic, and rapidly becoming a trusted confidant. They'd kept in touch and had plans to meet again today, at a local pub. John was almost giddy at the thought of a night away from everything.
get to him. I've never seen him leave a crime scene before he was done not-so-subtly berating us all for being so stupid."
The ex-army doctor could almost feel the tension radiating off of his friend. Sherlock
things, Sherlock?!" he yelled, throwing his jacket onto the floor. "Nowhere in our little arrangement did I agree to give up all of my privacy to you! That's
John's gaze skimmed along the emergency brake and his conscience flooded his mind with guilt. It was more than a bit 'not good', and he would terribly inconvenience the travelers around him, assuming he could even make it out of the train station without being arrested...
His sister jerked away from him, upsetting her balance and toppled onto her side. "You shouldn't be!" she wailed. "All I've ever done is hurt you. And you
The chapter title is full of lies.
; I bet it would make that Detective Inspector's
He'd hurt John worse than any bullet ever could, and still John forgave him, because he loved and trusted him. With John, Sherlock had finally seen love as something with more joys than sorrows. Now that he had a second chance to do things properly, Sherlock intended to take full advantage of it.
John had honestly meant to get Sherlock to bed, but he didn't want to wake him. His fever had broken and he'd seemed chilled; it had only been natural to pull a blanket over the both of them. The ex-army doctor tried to be logical, and he'd listed all sorts of reasons why it was a bad idea, before ultimately letting Sherlock use him as a bed anyway.
Marcus's smile slipped from wry, to smug, to sensual. "I don't," he replied, leaning forward into John's personal space to murmur, "I pick people up on my nights off."
Greg's messages never became urgent, probably because Sherlock and Mycroft both had been able to assure him that, while John continuously failed to return Greg's messages, he was, in fact, safe. More or less. What John hadn't expected was Greg's shift from prying to concern for Sherlock.
Ms. Adeline leaned towards her assistant, who whispered something to her. She nodded, then straightened once more, returning the programs to Sherlock. "My apologies. It appears I'm needed elsewhere."
Mrs. Hudson glanced down at the letter in her hands, then held it out to John. "Oh, the postman just dropped this off for you."
"Emily," John interrupted.
be able to look at it...
Mr. Williams shot Sherlock and John more than a few curious looks when they knocked on his door, still smeared with soot and dirt from their search, but when they asked to see his daughter he ushered them inside without another word.
Unfortunately, technology did not respond to treats or carefully worded barbs. It could not be emotionally manipulated to reveal the details of what could be easily deduced. Technology responded only to its programming, and Mr. Wallingford, motivated by just such emotional liabilities, had been thorough. Sherlock had barely brushed the computer's codes when their complexity became readily apparent. Mr. Wallingford was well trained and had many technologically savvy people in his employ. Sherlock could not be certain if Mr. Wallingford had coded the computer directly, or asked one of said employees to set up the securities and backdoors before he had begun working on it. Either way, it was better to exercise caution. This was the best lead he'd seen all day, and Sherlock was not about to bollix it up by inadvertently tripping any self-destruct programming that might have been added to the machine.
hidden in the dark corners of his heart for a long time, but it was still there. He took joy from books, running, and seeing his patients. All the same, this was the first sense of joy he had in a long, long time that hadn't felt muted in some way.
"I'll see you at 10?" Lestrade called after him, and, if only to keep unwanted home visits at bay a bit longer Sherlock raised his arm and called over his shoulder that he would be there, before facing front again and focusing on the street.
Sherlock shrugged. "Maybe I missed something, left evidence that we were there. He did murder three women without getting caught, that does take some amount of intelligence."
Mr. Brenton took a breath, then paused before forcing himself to continue. "Last night I woke up at around two o'clock in the morning, and decided to get a tall glass of water and a light snack from the kitchen. I have very good night vision, so I didn't bother turning on any lights as I went. I was about halfway down the stairs when I heard the side door-the one the leads out into the garden-close quietly.
"Good Morning, John," She replied, setting the post down on the table beside him and leaning back on the arm of the sofa. "How are you feeling today?"
Sherlock chuckled softly and John felt the consulting detective's nimble fingers tracing patterns along his back. "You gave Mrs. Hudson quite a scare,"
John blinked and turned back to Sherlock. "Are you sure, Sherlock?" His voice wasn't pleading, but it was heavy with emotion.
"Dan, it's no—" the woman was cut off, wincing as her boyfriend's grip on her hand tightened. He was dangerously close to dislocating a joint if he continued. Sherlock had deliberately provoked the reaction, he had known his demeanor would put the woman at ease. He had suspected, and she had just proven, that dog care was a topic she was willing to stand up to her boyfriend about, at least somewhat. Sherlock had riled the other man's temper, now he needed it focused on him.
"You never listen to
of them?"
Well we are about halfway through, I hope everyone is enjoying the story so far.  No cases in this chapter, just good old-fashioned character development.  Still, I hope you enjoy!
"I'll speak with you next," Nathan volunteered, rising from the seat he had taken beside his sister.
"Sweetheart," John replied as he handed Bryan to her, "You both need a look over, and
Mycroft hesitated a long moment, and John feared he wouldn't get an answer. Finally, Mycroft said quietly, "He may come home as early as six months from now."
Laurali glared languidly at him. "Right, because I've been half-assing this so far."
Eric nodded slowly. "Some would argue that last dose wasn't strictly warranted."
Her tone and her expression were so heartfelt that John really believed that she did.
"There's a nice little Italian place close by," Mary offered. "I think it's called…. La Piazza."
"Will do." The girl typed for a minute more before presenting them with room keys. As she did so she asked, "Do you have anything you would like the front desk to hold for you?"
They paused a few blocks away and piled into a cab Sherlock had summoned out of nowhere. Once he had settled his seatbelt around himself, John asked, "Why did we rush out of there so fast?"
"Deal," John agreed.
John smirked and held up the Tesco's bag. "Yes, and an extra carton of whole milk for your experiments."
The man seemed undeterred as his extended hand returned to his side, and his other slipped the phone into his suit jacket pocket. "No, I am Marcus Oylear, his assistant. Unfortunately Mr. Murphy was unavoidably delayed. Much must be handled since the untimely demise of Mr. Wallingford. He sent me to collect you, however. He has a twenty minute window before his lunch meeting."
Yes, this was what he did. Solve cases and cause heartache. The two things in the world he was best at.
Sherlock leaned forward so that he could speak softly, without risk of the cabbie overhearing him. He made it look as thought he'd leaned forward to kiss John or to whisper romantic nonsense at him, to further ensure that the driver, who was a prim, reserved woman, would pay them no mind. "We're going to examine Mr. McAndrew's home. Miss. William's father provided us with the address during his visit, remember?"
activity after being so recently and violently widowed-many people dealt with grief by struggling for a sense of normalcy-it was the
The orderlies and the guards were already rushing into the room. One orderly turned on the light while another orderly and a guard dove to subdue the patient. The patient didn't resist the constraint, but his wailing continued unabated. The second orderly removed several syringes from his pocket, placing all but one of them on a small shelf set into the wall. While the orderlies sedated the screaming patient Sherlock barked orders at them. "This patient needs a titration of Librium and a four milligram increase in Risperidone!"
John huffed indignantly, trying to keep pace with his flatmate without looking like he was running him down. Sherlock led them through a twisting labyrinth of streets, turning and sometimes even doubling back without any seeming rhyme or reason. They'd walked for almost an hour before Sherlock stopped abruptly, stilling himself in the shadows between two buildings. John did his best to tuck himself quietly beside his companion.
"Sometimes," John mused, "It depends. He loves to run experiments too, on the most random things, or at least I can't find any order to them. He claims they help him out on cases, knowing how fast eyeballs freeze then thaw, or how biological evidence responds to people's attempts to remove it." He shrugged. "Things get
murder, but it could be. Sherlock hoped so, and he hoped it went beyond the conventional motivations and suspects. Non-conventional murders were always the
"It should be over soon," Sherlock assured her…too soon.
did those traits have to coincide with such a fascinatingly brilliant mind?
to keep their child safe.
"Yes, exactly," John replied somewhat surprised. "Do you know him?"
"I haven't taken your mail or your visits in years," Sherlock replied softly. Even the political case he had taken, the night he was poisoned had only happened because he had been all but forcibly dragged there...
was giving him a headache.
Lestrade look stone faced, first at John, then at Sherlock, then he took a long, slow breath. "I will deal with you two, tomorrow," he said, his voice dangerously low. "Just leave."
: Reaching for Home
Desperate for a distraction from that line of thinking, Sherlock put his fingers to work and hacked Charing Cross's security cameras. This wasn't really a solution, but it was the least damaging alternative. A video feed opened on his screen and he shifted through several different cameras and angles, searching for the one doctor he
John nodded and strode towards the door. Sherlock slipped on his long Belstaff and followed.
"I understand, it's just—" John was abruptly cut off when his phone started to ring. John frowned. "I'm sorry I need to take this. There's been a bit of a family emergency going on lately."
A tall man in a posh suit who may have been a co-conspirator and/or a staff member at the funeral home pulled the hysterical woman into his arms, trying to sooth her. "It's okay," he murmured, "It's okay. It's almost over."
John held Sherlock's gaze steadily with his own. He was worried, and he didn't want to scare Sherlock off. "We're not, but you are."
Lestrade bristled as Sherlock knew he would. Lestrade cared about getting his job done right and actually wanted to serve the people, or some such nonsense. Sherlock pressed on, not waiting for an answer. He was trying to jostle Susan into action, not Lestrade.
?" John didn't look out the door, forced himself not to turn and glance at 221 Baker Street. He'd sworn he'd never come back here so many times, and it had taken a serial killer to get him to return even the one time... "Whatever the plan is, you can forget it. I want to see Harry, I need to make sure she's alright."
On the other hand, he had gotten a small thrill out of slipping the tracking device into Ms. Adeline's pocket. It had probably been a small fraction of what Sherlock himself felt as a case drew to a close and, once again, John found himself caught up in the excitement. Enjoying things like that made him uneasy, because everything felt like a slippery slope around his crazy flatmate, as though one wrong step would bring all of Sherlock's terrible predictions to bear.
"I love you, Sherlock. I want you safe, and I want you happy. I'm willing to do whatever it takes to get you there," John trailed off again, his expression growing more serious, "
John walked out of the bathroom, wondering if he should dress and leave, when he caught sight of Marcus spread languidly over the sheets.
John sat perched on the steps with a mug of tea, watching his distressed flatmate. Well, distressed wasn't exactly the right word… He was focused, very focused. For all intents and purposes, Sherlock looked exactly as if he were puzzling an important case over in his mind. But if that was a case, he hadn't told John anything about it. John had asked, after fixing himself breakfast of course, and had never received an answer. The good doctor wasn't even sure if the world's only consulting detective was aware of his presence…
Sherlock was just setting down a letter on the mantle when he turned to face John and frowned. "I know that expression."
"It's fine, Molly," he assured her with as winning a smile as he could force onto his face. "It's all fine."
Bringing his attention back to the task at hand, John continued to write.
Lestrade nodded. "They're gathered in the living room. They requested you, actually. They suspect it was hospital error."
Thank you to all those who have left comment, kudos. bookmarked, and/or subscribed to this story, you are wonderful!  ^_^
John shook his head. "He just wants attention. I can't tell you how many times he's connived to present his findings to the yard or to his client in the most dramatic way possible. I told you about when he got us arrested right?" The ex-army doctor moved as though he would continue walking through the park, when he started and took a step back. "Wait. Not you too.
...John thought he had been doing well, moving forward with his life, if not moving on...
: Dissolution
"I'm always up at all hours, you know that," Sherlock quipped, leaning back into John's embrace.
how you respond to it will shape your reality. "
infected. This was more than he had ever expected from the meek, shy, Molly Hooper. For the first time in many, many years he felt... afraid.
"Fae, or fairy stories of babies switched at birth are not uncommon. This taken in combination with the family wealth, the open check-book that had impressions of a recently made out check for a large sum, payable to "cash," and the sudden behavioral changes indicated that Mr. Trevor senior had switched two babies at birth, been paid handsomely for his actions, and had now been found out and was being blackmailed."
"Ms. Adeline?" Sherlock asked, extending his hand to a regal looking ballerina. She was tall, slender, and pale with dark brown hair elegantly crowning her head. She took Sherlock's hand with great poise. A satisfied smile crept onto her face when Sherlock lifted her fingers briefly to his lips. "It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance. I greatly enjoyed your performance."
It was the husband, Sherlock was sure of it. Then again, that deduction hardly required the mind of a consulting detective; when one spouse was missing it was almost
The edges of the man's lips curled upwards as if he wanted to laugh, but then he glanced at Sherlock, and thought better of it. "It's not a problem. I've heard that Mr. Holmes is the best, and that's all I care about. My name's Arnold Miller."
to give him a hug for me! Also, let me say thank you to him!"
was dangerous, because it made him start to wonder how things might have been different, if
John was still in a good mood when he arrived back at the flat, a mood which faded quickly when he found Sherlock still on the sofa with
John wasn't sure if that was another plea for John to change his mind, or an attempt to change the topic subtly, or something else... It had no right to, but somehow, it felt like a warning. A chill ran silently down John's spine as he replied, "Well, if I found myself in love I would have to deal with that then. I'm certainly not going to help the process along when things are still so chaotic. It would be irresponsible."
John reached out a hand and laid it over Marcus's which had fallen to the sheets between them. "At least you had some common sense. I-I had a flatmate that would barrel in, risk of personal injury be damned."
"No worries," John replied, holding out his hand to shake the older man's. "My name is Dr. John Watson."
After gentle prodding and examining, John concluded that the rest of the body appeared to be whole and untouched. "Was it a short barreled shotgun?" John asked, turning to face Lestrade, who nodded at him.
Sherlock lifted his eyes to Mary's, forcibly ignoring the sympathy he saw in them. There was little else to go on, so it was as good a place to start as any.
"Are you alright? She asked, walking up to him once more.
Sherlock leaned forward even more. "You don't know, do you?" Bryan whirled around, his jaw clenched shut and his hands balled into fists at his side, looking very much like a petulant child. Sherlock smiled and pressed on. "You've been well educated, you're of the appropriate age to start taking on some real responsibility, but you haven't yet, have you? Daddy didn't trust-"
Irrelevant. The world's only consulting detective hardly needed rings to tell him who was loyal and who wasn't. Every group had some dissenters, a fact he might be able to turn to his advantage. One set of footsteps retreated into the distance, while Moriarty remained, silently petting one of the two dogs that had come to stand at his side.
Marcus leaned over him, one eyebrow arched cockily. "Let's see if I can push up that timeline."
They didn't find Mystery Science Theater 3000, but they did spend an enjoyable few hours watching a Black Adder marathon. They shifted in their seats, lounging as fatigue caught up with them, until John was sprawled against the back of the sofa and Mary was leaning into him.
A slow smile crept over Nikki's features, and the tension in her shoulders eased. "Yeah, but I know that's not true."
"It's fine. There are worse pains." Sherlock looked away, towards the street and John could see the muscles of his throat working as he swallowed. "Our ride will be here soon."
Sherlock, for all his bluster and anti-social tendencies, had always been up for a verbal sparring match, and had John indulged him more than was healthy. It was hard to resist watching his flatmate's blue eyes come alive as he strove to concur the most bizarre, or (as in the case of some of their arguments) the most inane challenges.
Mary nodded. "I understand."
Sherlock fixed him with a weak glare. "You're quite sure of that, are you?"
When Sherlock eventually pulled back, he whispered, "I will love you, John, always."
"I'll scrub up in the loo, you gather the supplies and meet me on the sofa?" John asked. Sherlock nodded, and they both went to their separate tasks.
Sherlock's eyes narrowed dangerously, and he renewed his struggles against the security guards holding him back.
Harry, who's sniffling had mostly subsided wiped her nose and pondered for a moment. "I like how you said that." She mused. "I mean, I know my parents were sick too, like me, and that's why our lives were so chaotic." Another thoughtful silence. "I don't think they were bad people, even if I hate what they did sometimes. They probably felt as guilty and out of control as I sometimes felt." Tears welled in her eyes again. "I wouldn't want them to feel that way. I made my own decisions. I mean, I didn't have much choice about how I started out, but I could have made different decisions later. Johnny's always been there for me, and Clara was there for as long as she could stand it."
"What was it?" John asked after a protracted silence. As much as Sherlock loved to show off he tended to trail off at inconvenient places once he felt something should be obvious.
Mrs. Hudson smiled sadly at him as he rose and shrugged into his Bellstaff coat.
"How was your day?" Mary asked.
"I didn't do anything, Lestrade, I have been assaulted." Sherlock said in a voice that portrayed a hurt he did not feel.
"Turn the head, for me," Sherlock instructed, and John did as he was ordered, using gentle movements so as not to damage the body any further.
John pressed a gentle kiss to Sherlock's temple. "We'll figure it out," he promised, his arms still securely locked around his new mate.
A chill ran down Sherlock's spine and he glanced up to see John furiously scribbling notes on paper as he barked questions into the phone. "What is her blood pressure? Has she been responsive to light or sound? What is her O2 sat?"
He was in
is the question, isn't it?"
John took the papers and studied them for a moment. "Looks like the records of a live birth, healthy male baby, and the records for a stillborn birth," the good doctor's voice softened as he spoke, his sorrow at a death decades old and well beyond anyone's ability to change evident in his voice. Sherlock bit his tongue as he squashed the impulse to comment. This foolish ex-army doctor would save the whole world if he could.
"Sherlock!" John called as they entered the living room, "We have a client!"
Susan was just starting to look worried when the lights of a police car flared behind them. John turned to see a very cross looking Detective Inspector storm out of his car and towards the world's only consulting detective.
John grunted softly in agreement, his eyes falling shut.
"Thank you for remembering," John said, lifting the bottle and letting a few droplets fall along the fresh scar tissue.
had he come from? "My apologies Mr. Brenton, please have a seat."
John smiled into their kiss, cradling Sherlock to his chest. "You're welcome."
a hospital." John glanced back down at Sherlock and shouted, "Don't close your eyes!"
"Sherlock has been tremendously helpful in a number of difficult cases," Greg responded, his irritation dampening slightly as he drew on the stores of patience he needed whenever Sherlock was around. "And there are a few unusual points about this case that are unsettling. The fact that we have yet to find any reasonable cause for suicide, and the way we found the body..." Lestrade shook his head. "Something just doesn't fit. I'll let you have a look at the scene first, then we can see if we can't piece something together before Sherlock steals the show."
Greg's lips pressed into a thin, concerned line and he nodded. "That's why we're here."
John swallowed with apprehension and forced himself to read on before forming any opinions.
Gasping for breath, she snarled her reply, "Dad, I am Bloody nine months pregnant!
"...Why?"
There was a cluster of hesitation marks next, as though Alexander was truly beside himself in finding the right words.
Mary frowned and glanced up. "Accident and emergency is a difficult rotation. It doesn't suit with everyone."
"John," the good doctor said with a friendly smile, and sat down.
A sudden heat crept over the back of John's neck as realization dawned. "You...composed that waltz...for me?"
Mary was just setting two steaming plates of pancakes on the table when John entered their flat. She looked up and smiled at him.
Sherlock didn't want to put Mrs. Wallingford on her guard by returning too soon, so he made a point of ruminating useless details of the case which only appeared important, for at least twenty minutes, before switching Nathan's company out for hers.
Not with his methods, or his approach, but with the idea that he had helped someone, even if he hadn't meant to.
"I can play for her." The words were out of Sherlock's mouth before he knew they were forming.
him with as much subtlety as a falling tree.
Sherlock hadn't wanted John to matter to him, but he did. The ex-army doctor had no
Sherlock had never wanted the usual story, and while some things were as expected, John as usual, was anything but ordinary.
Mary nodded. "Good, I'm glad. That's what I intended when I decorated." She paused to take a bite of her food. After swallowing she added, "I don't want you to give me an answer about moving in tonight. I can see you're conflicted, and I don't blame you. It sounds like you're life's turned a bit upside down recently. Think about it for a few days at least. Come back for dinner if you need to, you're a good prep cook, and it's nice not to have to contend with dishes afterwards."
"I know," he agreed, "Believe me I know. I just… prove me wrong, Molly, okay? I need to know before I can walk away from this. Someone died today, and I need to be sure that nothing I did was the cause of it." Again John gestured with the bag, beseeching her with his eyes.
Sherlock glanced up at the wreck. The man behind the wheel was slumped over it, pressing incessantly on the horn while worried onlookers debated the wisdom of moving him from the car. "Concussion, internal bruising and three cracked ribs," he reported. "He should be fine. He wouldn't be feeling anything if he were conscious, given his blood alcohol level."
"No you did not bloody tell me!" John shouted.
Marcus's eyes flitted to John's old bullet wound, then back to his face. "I'm sure you will." Then, almost as though it was an afterthought, "You had some nightmares last night."
an assistant, but your particular skill set might be useful in the field. Moreover, you could write about the cases you witness on a blog. Make it interesting. Whatever it is that attracts
"In case the opportunity ever arises, I have no objections to you bringing back...guests, if your decide to take the spare room. Just be mindful of your...volume." A smirk played on her lips and humor shone in her eyes.
The Detective Inspector glowered at the consulting detective. He
A voice he vaguely remembered broke his sullen reverie, and he looked up. He squinted for a moment at the gentleman rapidly approaching him, then broke into a grin and pushed against his cane to stand. "Stamford! How are you?"
The thread gave way to the scissors, and was soon gathered into a small pile on a square of cotton on the coffee table. John applied antiseptic to Sherlock's skin once more, before reaching for the vitamin E oil that was also laid out for him.
been a bit rusty. When his hands were lifted so that bandages might be applied, Sherlock managed to turn his head and open his eyes.
Sherlock sighed loudly and shoved the bag forward for Lestrade to investigate. When he looked inside he was surprised to find there were indeed regular groceries inside…for some reason that fact made him even more concerned about his friend. Sherlock usually didn't bother correcting people needlessly, not unless it related to a case. He really must be out of sorts.
was a significant part of the reason that, while genuine, John's smile barely touched his eyes. John was happy, was taking steps, but part of his actions were simply going through the motions.
"And there's no compromise you might be willing to come to?" If Sherlock really wanted him gone…well John would have to find a way to deal with that, but not before putting up a fight for a partnership that meant so much to him.
John growled, deep and low in his throat, the vibrations washing through Sherlock's body as John opened his mouth against the scent glands at Sherlock's neck and
John rested his elbows on the desk, and placed his face in his hands. He was in his room, trying to make some progress on his blog. There was a lull in cases at the moment, but there were plenty of past cases he hadn't written up yet. Perhaps the case of the Wild Goose Chase? The dead body in the locked room? There were more than a few interesting scams Sherlock had unearthed in the last few months...
John waved and squinted as the young woman came closer, trying to remember her name. At last it came to him. "Nikki, good morning. How is your arm doing?"
"Deduce people. How did you deduce me? You said you work with the police, but the police don't consult amateurs. How did you
Frustrated, Sherlock moved over to examining staff files. He should have started here in the first place. There was always a chance Mr. Wallingford's murder had been more general, rather than personal.
"Make sure it's clean," John insisted.
Sherlock chuckled darkly. "Oh, there were drugs too, I was going out of my
Sherlock cursed softly and pulled out his phone. It rang in his ear four times before a bleary sounding Lestrade picked up. "ello?"
"This isn't your stop, John, this is mine," Sherlock clarified.
tolerate anyone's sympathy right now. He schooled his features to a more neutral expression and forced himself to reply in a calm tone. "Thank you, I try." Then, eager for a change of topic, "I shouldn't keep you any longer; patients will be here soon."
"Easy," John soothed, continuing the long slow push inside Sherlock.
Mary chuckled softly. "No worries on that front, I'm walking back from lunch now, I'm still blocks away from the clinic. How is Mr. Hawthorne doing?"
John hesitated a moment then asked, "Do you want some company?"
Sherlock nodded. "I was serious about a search dog. Lestrade won't act in time, so we have too."
John saw Mycroft bow his head slightly in acquiescence, and then the call went dead.
"Just like that?" Mary asked, leaning forward on her folded arms.
Sherlock didn't see anyone in his brief time in the hallway, but he was glad he had taken precautions regardless. He knew the security cameras were still watching, and he was not likely to be tracked down if he looked like a simple delivery man that someone else had already let in. Human error left even the most secure places vulnerable to intrusion.
Eric nodded and smiled, and made more notes. "Why would you be a good candidate for this position?"
"Bored," John repeated dumbly.
When Marcus lifted his face his gaze sought and locked with John's. Maintaining eye contact, Marcus began licking John's prominent erection, pushing his tongue into the sensitive glands, then dragging it down the shaft and back up again. John let out a small, "ah!" his fingers clenching and unclenching at his sides. Marcus leaned forward then and finally took John into his mouth. John's body shook with the effort not to buck his hips; he did not want to risk choking his partner. Marcus hummed again as he bobbed his head up and down over John's erection.
John also began to frown. Mike couldn't be talking of gambling if there was no financial risk, but the other implications his mind supplied were… unsettling. He wouldn't sell drugs, or harm anyone else, but Mike already knew that… John paled at the idea of selling his body. That amount of money implied high demands for such an exchange… It would be highly risky even if he insisted on condoms and other safety measures. His hands tightened on his cane at the realization that he probably would go through with such a proposition, however distasteful he found it, for Harry's sake…
"Sherlock!" She gasped, cupping his face and bringing his eyes up to meet her own. They were blue, like his, but of a warmer shade. "Are you injured?"
"I know!" the world's only consulting detective gestured wildly with his hands before leaning over the newspaper picture. "See the pattern of the glass fracture in the windshield? And the denting over the hood of the cab?"
John pursed his lips to stop himself from voicing an argument to a man who was god knows how many miles away, and read on.
Overall the music seemed to vacillate between joyful and sad. Even when the music swelled as Prince Siegfried danced with all his potential brides, who were trying to impress him, there were notes of pain, and despair. John's eyes flickered open again as a vision of Odette tried desperately to warn Prince Siegfried of the deception he faced. There was, however, no stopping Von Rothbart's scheme.
Laurali had started to cry now. Sherlock went to her free side and wrapped his arm around her shoulder, bracketing her between himself and her husband. John leaned forward, reaching for her free hand. "Sweetheart, it will be okay. I've delivered many babies before, and you've had a relatively normal pregnancy."
Security guards, clerks, and several truly honest persons had been immediately, and pointlessly, fired, with no leads to show for it. Sherlock would have been able to tell the Yard that for nothing. Stealing such a dangerous document was a move so ballsy that only a delusional low-ranking employee, or someone of significant political power, who was confident in their ability to get away with it, would even attempt it. The seamlessness with which the documents had disappeared, and the fresh graphite found on the lock to the vault had given it all away.
Sherlock's eyes flittered back to John's face, and their gazes locked together. Despite himself he felt his lips tug upwards at the corners. Trust John Watson to figure out a way to make an impossible situation better, safer. That was just what he did.
Sherlock refocused the light, and knelt down to have a closer look, prodding the flesh gently. "Ha!" he cried, flashing a triumphant smile.
"When I went to the restroom."
Greetings everyone!  As of today I officially move posting days to Saturdays.  Work is being way too hard on me for me to be able to guarantee Friday postings anymore, unfortunately.  It was only a few Fridays ago that I didn't even get home until after I normally post, but when I get home before I've been so dead to the world lately it's all I can do not to drown in the bathtub before I make it up to bed.  @_@
Sherlock slammed his pen flat against the table with enough force to shake the beakers at his elbow, silencing the unwelcome intrusion. "I said
The flat couldn't survive much more of John's temper. Broken cutlery lingered against the walls and jammed in corners, remnants of John's rage and grief. Piles of unwashed clothes littered the floor, and moldering, half-sentient food heaped on the few surviving pieces of cutlery.
The other man raised an eyebrow at this, but made no further comment as John led him up the stairs to 221 B.
John nodded, his gaze turning back out to the crowd. "We shouldn't keep them waiting too long."
Eric escorted John back to the waiting room, shook his hand once more, then called the next person in. John nodded to a tall woman with long dark curls as they passed each other, and made his way out onto the street. John forced himself to walk to a nearby park at sit down at a bench before he called Mary.
Sherlock flinched and stiffened under him. "Not you too! Unhand me!"
Sherlock's face didn't betray the slightest twitch. If anything, mirth seemed to be dancing behind his eyes as he pushed John's chair in for him. John bit back a sigh. He shouldn't have sunk to Sherlock's level, but the man was beyond infuriating.
John winced at his own carelessness. He really should have returned home with the letters, or just called and asked James out in the first place, but he couldn't tolerate any more time with Sherlock just then. That, and his sister's good news had made him feel like reaching out for some happiness of his own. As he took the letter from James, their finger's brushed, and he looked down at his sister's note once more. She'd written:
Anthea shot Sherlock a sharp look over her phone, but made no further comment.
anymore!" Sherlock clarified, turning from the windows to face John once more.
Sherlock's eye twitched, but he refused to be baited. "He was the first person, outside of my family, to genuinely appreciate my particular skill set. He continually set the most plebian logic puzzles before me and was always shocked at the speed with which I dispatched them. I began to tell him my deductions so that I could demonstrate what an appropriate challenge actually was."
The ex-army doctor detoured to the kitchen, and poured the soup into a clean bowl. He set the bowl on a small tray alongside a glass of water and a spoon. Moving efficiently and quietly, John walked into the living room and set the tray he had prepared on the coffee stable.
All the players are assembling for the final act...
the acceptable choices of action had been extremely limited.
John sighed and leaned against Sherlock as well. He was happy; happier than he'd thought was possible. He knew he had a lot of reasons to walk away and never look back. There was a lot of hurt in his history with Sherlock, but ultimately John was glad he stayed. They were working at their new relationship and building something brilliant together. As much as he'd fought against the notion at the time, he had to agree with the words Mary had spoken to him, several months back.
"Mrs. Wallingford, I would like to examine your husband's body before the funeral. My review shouldn't delay anything." Normal Sherlock wouldn't bother with such pleasantries, but being that the Wallingford's were so well connected politically, and so wealthy monetarily, any other option would be more tedious. Sherlock could play
Marcus made a sound of agreement, and his hands worked to slide John's jacket slowly off his shoulders. John, however was reluctant to let Marcus go now that he had him, and it wasn't until Marcus eased back with a slow smile and murmured, "I'm not going anywhere," that John relented, and allowed his jacket to slide to the floor.
John's throat tightened for a moment, then he pulled Marcus flush with his chest and closed his eyes. Marcus undulated against him, one hand straying down to caress John's erection. Nimble fingers removed the flavored condom and, after snatching the condom John had selected with the lube from the bed sheets, opened the packet. They were too close for John to see but he gasped when he felt Marcus's fingers securing the new condom over his aching erection. John heard the snap of the lube bottle and felt Marcus's slick fingers stoke him. John bucked up into Marcus's touch, moaning softly.
"No," John replied, slipping his sister's letter in his pocket so that he could keep it close until he was able to reply. If this was a case, which it certainly appeared to be a first glance, John suspected he might not have time to write back for a while. "He's just-"
"John?"
give my daughter some money, once this is all over. I want her to be comfortable, now that I know who she is, but it is also important to avoid the scandal she is so ready to cause." He shrugged and stared wistfully out the window. "I can hardly blame her for being reckless, considering the circumstances she was conceived under."
"I've still got some of my old experiment equipment in storage here," Sherlock replied. "I'll get the supplies we need.
: The Ugly Truth
Greg never broke eye contact. "I really do."
Greg sighed and ran a hand over his face before looking back a John. "I understand your concern, I really do, but I'm not sending out the cavalry for Sherlock with no proof that he's in actual trouble. One more false alarm like that, and I will be out of a job."
my daughter. Not only was I able to verify her identity by discretely investigating the adoption records, but she sent me a lock of her hair to test for myself."
John glanced out the window and nodded to himself. It was cloudy, but it didn't look like rain. In this climate, it was best to take what he could get.
Alex followed his wife and the paramedics out the door while John and Sherlock tugged on their coats. John shook his head in mild astonishment at the evening. It was hard to believe that he was a
Some days he felt his encroaching mortality like a noose at his throat, and others it was hard to believe he was sick at all. Lately he'd had better days more often than bad ones. Sherlock had yet to pinpoint any rhyme or reason for this... Maybe it was just a sign that everything was almost over.
When he'd come in this morning she'd asked where John was, and Sherlock had stated the truth. "John Watson isn't part of my work anymore." He hadn't wanted to waste the breath on it yesterday, but the questions would keep coming if he didn't address them... People and their ludicrous sentiments...
"That's still no reason not to play," Sherlock insisted, righting the pieces. "You are improving... marginally."
a case?" John was no longer yelling, but the decreased volume did nothing to soften the hard edge in his voice.
Thank you to everyone who left comments!  They are very much appreciated, and often make my day.  Thank you also to everyone who left kudos, bookmarked, and/or subscribed to my story!  your support is amazing!  ^_^   I hope you enjoy this next installment!
"Quite," Sherlock replied, and John knew from the glint in his eyes that he was smiling. "Baring the fact that it's Tuesday, of course."
"This will just take a few seconds," Sherlock insisted, stepping back, fractionally increasing the difference between the couple. "I don't want to cause any trouble, I just want to talk to-" Sherlock paused, looped an arm around the woman's waist and drew her tightly to his side. "What did you say your name was, my dear?"
"Jesus Christ, Sherlock! Why do you have to be so bloody stubborn?!"
Note: All the cases presented in this story are based off cannon. 2 points if you can name the original Sir Arthur Conan Doyle story that inspires each case.
"How did George even know it was a
the Dwight murder had more clues for him...
had been the one making his tea lately.
A wry smile made itself known on Sherlock's lips. "As you may have surmised, Ms. Wallingford, I do not play by the rules."
John nodded and, smiling, took his seat opposite the small table with Mary. It was so different from the chaotic dinners at 221 B... it was a refreshing change of pace.
Mary and John bond.
Sherlock's eyes widened fractionally and he leaned his head back, for he had lifted it to meet John part way. He didn't do this, he didn't do
John immediately bristled, and opened his mouth to declare that he was not, in fact, flirting, only to promptly shut it again. No. He wasn't even going to dignify that with a reply. Instead he turned, pulled his gun out of the pocket of his white coat, and made his way for the building while the other three followed him inside.
The orderly shrugged. "Vitals are stable, but he's been unusually restless, and we thought it would be best to move the med consult, given how hard he is to sedate when he gets psychotic."
"I've lived a lot of places," Mary said softly beside him, "I've developed some eclectic tastes."
"You know," John said, "I wish that statement would shock me."
A huff of air that might have been a laugh escaped Sherlock's mouth but he never stopped slowly scanning the room around him, craning his neck now that John's grip on him stopped him from actually turning. What did health matter when he had so little time left? A handful of months to track and corner this spider in its own web... For normal criminals this would be more than enough time to find and capture a dozen, but this one criminal had taken so long to even make Sherlock suspect that they were there... There was no doubt he was contending with an intellectual equal, someone close enough to him in skill to make the time he had left seem pitifully short.
John had been surprised and grateful that Sherlock had agreed to try to dissuade Miss. Williams from marrying Mr. McAndrew. Part of him had wondered if Sherlock had agreed to speak with her to get collateral information, or if he truly had wanted to dissuade her. Probably it was both, and ultimately, John decided, it wasn't worth clarifying.
She glanced at the ex-army doctor and gave the barest of nods in return. For the most part, John had been a spectator during this meeting, and so had not incurred her wrath directly.
murder was the person closest to the victim. The lover, the parent, the best friend; all were incalculable liabilities.
"You absolute bastard!" John shouted, before turning on his heel and stomping down the steps.
Mary's eyes searched his, looking straight through all the layers that weighed him down.
John pushed open the door to the staff room. It was a time of day that was normally very busy, so he wasn't surprised find the room empty, except for a familiar lanky body sat in one of the chairs in the corner. Sherlock was dressed in light pink scrubs which accented the paleness of his skin and the darkness of his hair. Sherlock was bent over his phone and the light from the windows encased his figure in a soft glow. John's step faltered just as Sherlock looked up. He'd always felt Sherlock was good looking, even beautiful, but this scene almost seemed orchestrated to remind him.
John frowned and asked, "You left your purse in the bathroom?"
~*~*~*~
"I suppose it wouldn't hurt to hear you play," Mr. Walker allowed.
John's eyes remained narrowed. "What is that?" he gestured to the letter with his chin.
. John Watson knew about pain, though, and how to push through it. Taking even, measured breaths to steady himself, he reached for his pen, and put it to paper.
"In the next few weeks I hope. I'm still surprised they called me so quickly."
"What's the address?" Sherlock asked, already walking into the sitting room and reaching for his Belstaff. Lestrade barked the address at him, and Sherlock memorized it. He terminated the call, slid his phone back in his jacket pocket and slipped his arms through the sleeves of his Belstaff. Instinctively he turned his head over his shoulder and yelled, "John!"
John fought to keep a straight face. The idea of Sherlock not remembering exactly when and where he'd heard of something was laughable. The man had an eidetic memory.
"Sh-Sherlock!" he gasped, fresh tears springing to his eyes. After all this time, they were not ones of sorrow, just of overwhelming emotion. John was a soldier, and reserved, but that didn't mean he was afraid to cry, it just depended on the company.
of disturbing me!" The elder Holmes rounded on his heel and strode for the door.
John snuggled happily into Sherlock's side over breakfast the next morning.  Sherlock was in an exceptionally good mood as well, he was even eating.  John 'hmmed' happily and sipped his tea.
Lestrade stepped meaningfully in front of him when Sherlock tried to brush past him. "Nope, not this time, Sherlock.
"John?"
"Wrong."
Toby never flinched, too seasoned and well trained to be distracted. When they paused just inside the door he sat and looked to Sherlock, waiting for his cue. Sherlock knelt and produced Mrs. Werner's hairbrush. Toby dutifully sniffed, then pressed his nose to the ground. He started to move in circles, each circle growing wider as he searched. Sherlock, mindful of his promise to Lauren, stayed with him. John followed as well, but slower as his eyes took longer to adjust.
Sherlock found himself smiling softly at the memory. He'd known his fall was a betrayal as much as it was an act to keep John safe. No one had been more surprised when, after weeks of brooding and several near fights, John had moved back in to 221B. He hadn't even called first, just appeared at the bottom for the stairs, dragging his luggage, cursing the weight of it, and demanding Sherlock's help. John had come home as though he'd been expected, when Sherlock had barely allowed himself to hope...
on murders, especially serial killers!"
A stalking case? Family feud? If this Mariah was deliberately attacking this potential client's home environment in a campaign of fear, as opposed to outright attacking them, this case might hold some promise... Any forensic evidence a family member left behind might be easily discarded by the Yard in a family home, especially if other family members corroborated the alibi of the perpetrator.
He was vaguely aware of Sherlock close behind him, almost touching his back as he leaned over John's shoulder to read. He shivered when he felt Sherlock's long fingered hand come to rest on his shoulder. The touch was gentle, as though not wanting to irritate the scar tissue underneath the fabric of John's shirt. The ex-army doctor turned his head to look at Sherlock, only a little surprised to find him alarmingly close; he never did pay attention to things like personal space.
John pursed his lips thoughtfully for a moment, then replied, "Technically that's more than one drink."
"James?" John asked, snapping his head around towards the voice, peering down to see James's head peeking out a few levels down.
Anna!"
"Sherlock!" The world's only consulting detective paused, his coat half shrugged onto his shoulders and blinked owlishly at John. "Where are we going?" John asked, rising and reaching for his own coat.
Mycroft glowered and handed over the letter.
Mary started, Sherlock continued typing, and the phone rang and rang.
Susan blanched, and took a step back. "I-I never spoke to you!" She insisted. "I never said
John shook his head. "I wanted to give her every possible chance."
John grimaced, then sighed. James wasn't exactly a consulting detective, but he was eerily observant sometimes. "You're right. I've been wanting to talk to you for a while."
Sherlock stared disbelieving at the kitchen table. It couldn't be. The odds were astronomical... It just
"Do you have any questions before we get started?" Eric asked, leaning back in his chair, and picking up a clip board that had been resting on his desk.
, with him, in his bed, and that was more than Sherlock had dared to hope.
Sherlock had heard some saying once, that one could not control who one fell in love with, only what one did about that love. He barely remembered it; he'd paid so little attention. Now he wondered if there wasn't some truth in it; if everyone had less control than they realized. He couldn't
He had been mildly surprised to find that the syringe had
John shook his head and frowned. Hadn't he just been thinking that James could be eerily observant? Emphasis on sometimes, because this was so far from the mark it was baffling.
"I saw what you did with that girl." Mary said, her voice still casual, her fingers still busy at the keys and at the mouse.
John hummed softly, sliding his lips across Sherlock's cheek to press them against Sherlock's mouth once more. Sherlock opened to him instantly, their tongues beginning a sensual dance. The scent of fear was slowly fading, leaving Sherlock warm and pliant in John's arms.
to see him, Sherlock hadn't expected that either. He'd expected anger, betrayal, and perhaps an enemy. There
John felt a flush creeping up his neck. "I told you I don't really do that!" He insisted, torn between embarrassment and laughter.
how many times it's been dislocated?"
Sherlock moaned softly, his fingers flying to the buttons of John's shirt and tugging them free.
that they kept slipping away from him.
James returned his friend's smile with one of his own. "No. You're not. I like that about you."
"Good Morning Dr. Watson!"
John glanced up to the paper and immediately blushed.  Oh Lord, there it was.   On the front page of this, and probably several other papers, in full color, was an image of Sherlock and himself snogging the daylights out of each other.
life... It just doesn't make any sense."
John set an early alarm for himself the next morning, not wanting to be rudely dragged out of bed by his crazy flatmate. He had no doubts that Sherlock wouldn't give a second thought to dragging him all over London in his sleepwear; a situation to be avoided at all costs.
Sherlock grinned. "That's the spirit!" He quickly secured the laptop, it's power cord, and a few interesting looking flash drives that had been stored near it. Tucking the package under his arm, Sherlock ushered John silently back out onto the street.
Sherlock's phone buzzed again, and he looked back down.
Sherlock slogged through page after page of tediously banal employee profiles. One functioning opioid addict here, stealing from the pharmacy on a regular basis. There was also one overly ambitious resident who was already hoping to climb to the highest rank of surgeon in their class. There were a few other possible cases in the future, but mostly Sherlock was wading through endless tedium and irrelevant facts. He never rushed, however. That was an easy way to miss what you needed. Sherlock had worked cases with higher monetary value at risk, and potentially higher risk of loss of life, but this current case felt more important than many that had preceded it… It was illogical, it was unhealthy, and it very well might be the end of him, but Sherlock didn't seem to be able to rid himself of all this sentiment...and what was worse, he didn't even
"Have you made any headway on the case?" John asked, taking a pawn with his queen.
"As I was saying," Greg continued, "It's a well respected man in his fifties, Peter Wolfram. There's no note, no evidence of or history of emotional distress, no financial troubles, no hint of any enemies... The man lived a quiet
Sherlock met John's eyes, and wished all over again that he hadn't. There was so much pain there, and most of it was
"Is that when he's at his worst? When he has no cases to solve?" James asked, tearing off a bit of bread and bringing it up to his mouth.
"How do you do it?" He asked, genuinely interested, despite himself.
Sherlock scowled petulantly up at him. "Examine it for yourself!"
"Damn," Mary muttered softly, staring at the tablecloth for a moment.
Petia paused for a moment, making a steeple his fingers and looking thoughtfully at the floor. "There are, in all countries and organizations, unsavory people. It was my hope, in working for the KGB to protect my own people from this, as much as possible. You can imagine my distress when I found corruption in my own people so close to myself. I worked with many fine officers over the years, good men, but my last commanding officer…was not one of them. The things he asked me to do, Mr. Holmes, I could not stomach." He looked up then, evenly meeting Sherlock's unrelenting gaze he said, "I will not hurt innocent people."
mostly alright.
"That's not good enough, Mycroft!" John hissed.
. You didn't want her to die, and I can prove it."
, Sherlock. I agreed to be your blogger and assistant. I certainly did not agree to be paraded around as your boyfriend,
"Sarah!" he cried out in greeting, lifting up his hand to catch her attention. She stopped, and her gaze shifted. Her expression was professional and neutral. John knew he'd been damn lucky she hadn't taken action against him before now, with all the missed and odd hours he'd had because of Sherlock. But that was about to change.
"No," John breathed, his eyes searching the sultry, confident expression on Marcus's face.
John leaned forward, resting his elbows on his knees and his chin on his folded hands, studying the board. He'd never considered himself to be particularly good at chess, but he at least knew how to play, and it seemed to be one of the few games Sherlock and he could actually play peaceably. Scrabble was only an education in insults and the depths of Sherlock's archaic vocabulary. Card games were and exercise in frustration, and the Cluedo disaster had almost come to blows.
James glanced up from his work when he heard the door open and brilliant smile broke out across his face. "John! Good to see you. Did you miss me?"
John shook his head. "So what? He got bored and found some amusement for himself. How is that so much different than shooting my gun at the wall? He causes a little trouble, gets attention for it, and in this case some recognition as well."
John grinned sheepishly into his pint, at once embarrassed and relived to have been caught stalling. Being the responsible one, the strong one, had never been easy, and a night away from his own personal hell sounded so very appealing. "You're couch would be brilliant," John replied.
John had just enough time to pull on his jacket and calculate his rout past a sandwich shop before his phone buzzed again.
I know I say thank you at the beginning of every chapter to all those who have bookmarked, subscribed, and or left comments for this story, and I really do mean it.  There's only so many ways to say it, but knowing that someone out there is reading and enjoying what I've worked on really does make my day, so I'm going to keep saying/writing it.  Thank you!  ^_^
John reached for the ledge of the train station platform and heaved, trying to scramble up and over the ledge. People lingered nearby, hesitant expressions plastered over their faces, uncertain whether they should interfere or if it was safer to let the mad British man pass.
"Not if you're trying to go undetected. Spread a few bad medicines in with the rest and assuming your target is likely to need the medicine, and be brought to Charing Cross, you'll get them eventually. If a few other people go out with them, well that could have been a bad batch of Narcan. It's not likely to lead back to the individual planting them," Sherlock explained. "No, Mary's right, romance is least likely in this case. Regret is equally unlikely, regret killings tend to be murder suicides."
"So, what do you think, Sherlock?" John asked as he set the kettle to boil. He received no reply. He tried again. "That's a pretty interesting story, don't you think?"
When they crossed the threshold Sherlock slid his legs to the floor, standing still as John turned and closed the door.
Thank you so much to all those who have left comments, given kudos to, and bookmarked/subscribed to this story! I am so sorry I left you hanging on the ending for over a year, but I do hope this chapter makes up for that. Your support makes me smile! ^_^
Glancing up, John saw that Charing Cross was fast approaching. He squared his shoulders and marched inside. He nodded to Susan at the intake desk, and turned the corner towards the administrative offices without breaking stride. Eric, his supervisor, had the third office on the left. John knocked and was mildly surprised to hear an energetic, "Come in! The door's open!"
didn't you have yourself checked out? You're
They walked in a companionable silence for a while as John led the way to the Italian place that James had shown him. John smiled when he spied the strings of lights hung over the outside seating area, making it glow. It was a shame it was too cold to sit outside tonight.
Susan started shaking her head violently.
"I will speak with each of you individually," Sherlock declared, cutting off Mrs. Wallingford mid-sentence. To prevent any delay he quickly added, "I will speak with Ms. Wallingford first." Sherlock leaned forward slightly, offering his arm to the young woman. It was an archaic gesture, but one that she was likely to find charming, and thus she would be more relaxed.
, the very patient that had brought John back to him.
"Maybe he was testing you," James suggested.
"No Ma'am, but he does work with the police occasionally, as a consultant." Greg glared at Sherlock as he said the word 'consultant' in a futile attempt to get him to respect
Sherlock could still see the way John's tongue had run slowly over his own lips. He'd never, ever wanted to kiss someone before that moment. He'd almost kissed John, more times than he cared to count. Every time that moment was before him however, fear of the consequences forced Sherlock to turn away. If there was anyone he could trust that way it would be John, but the man didn't even know he was living with an omega!
"How was your day, Mary?" John asked after finishing his first few mouthfuls.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock was undoubtedly brilliant, but John couldn't make himself suspect him. That moment of doubt on the train had settled it for him. If Sherlock wanted John gone he could've seized dozens of opportunities before this one. While their own private war of perspective was still technically going on, it hadn't seemed that important recently. There was something else going on...
"I don't," Mary agreed, "But I'm willing to. It's up to you though."
John sighed softly and looked into the swirling depths of his tea. "Yes. I made a promise to my sister, I intend to keep it."
Sherlock can't admit he's scared, so he really puts his foot in it...
could surprise the great Sherlock Holmes. Still, his reflexes were quick, and he lifted the letter high into the air as he stood, thrusting it out of John's reach. He would have tried to dash for his room, but the furious ex-army captain was already on him, jumping onto the sofa, and trying to use Sherlock's shoulders as leverage. "John, calm down!" Sherlock tried to insist, but the good doctor was having none of it.
It could be possible that this woman was the spider. If she'd felt Sherlock poking around in her web the syringe could have been a warning. If she was a good as he thought she was, it would be no hardship for her to research his poisoning.
"What are you looking over?" John asked, setting his tea down and reaching for the scone.
Folding the letter, John stood, intending to write an immediate reply, when the sound of footsteps on the stairs made him hesitate. Had Mrs. Hudson forgotten something? Unlikely. He didn't need to wait long before a thin, well-dressed, and well groomed man with a face paled by fear appeared in the doorway. "Mr-Mr. Holmes? He asked hesitantly."
John sighed, but nodded. He disagreed, but they weren't likely to ever see each other again, and he didn't want to argue.
~*~*~*~
Without prompting, Sherlock leaned forward, offering the small package he'd retrieved from his inside jacket pocket. Miss. Williams hesitantly accepted it, turning it over in her hands. "What is this?"
John rolled his eyes and strode over to Sherlock's room. He opened the door, turned on the light, and turned down the bed sheets. A casual glance informed him that Mrs. Hudson had tidied the room yesterday when she was visiting, despite her frequent protestations that she was 'not a housekeeper.' Bless her.
Tim shook his head slowly.
Sherlock knew he deserved no such sympathy, so he put on his best smile and suggested, "We should go; we both have early rehearsal tomorrow." Nikki spared Sherlock one long, thoughtful look, before she nodded and followed him outside into a night that felt colder and bitterer than it had to Sherlock just a few hours ago.
had he not noticed that John was in
Harry turned a corner and came to a sudden stop when she saw one of the counselors, Eva sitting on the floor against the wall, curled into a ball, with her legs bent up and her arms wrapped around them. She stood silently for a moment, staring before creeping closer and crouching down beside Eva.
John swore and grumbled under his breath, already heading for the loo to fetch some over the counter fever reducer/pain killer.
sarcastically," John mumbled to himself, one corner of his mouth curling up in a wry smile. Even though he was injured and undoubtedly in pain when he wrote this, John could tell that Alexander was amusing himself with his snarky replies, playing to his captive audience. It was gratifying to see. As a doctor, and a human, John was well aware of how laughter could boost the immune system, and lighten the heart.
"Good morning," he murmured as he pulled back, nodding towards the sofa. "Sit." Sherlock sat, already reaching for the plate he knew John would hand to him. "Eat."
"What do you mean?" John asked, perplexed.
"You were kidnapped?!" James asked, cutting John off.
From the moment they met there had been a magnetic connection that John hadn't been able to deny. Things had escalated exceedingly quickly, John still wasn't able to say exactly
tell me you're not trying to insinuate romantic feelings that aren't there. The rest of the world is bad enough as it is."
John, reluctantly, conceded. Marcus stood before him, smirking in the firelight as he removed the last of his clothing, and John watched him, enjoy the view. The skin of Marcus's penis and testicles was darker than the rest of his body, the testicles nestled in rings of tight dark curls. Marcus was already erect and leaking precum. John licked his lips and watched Marcus's member twitch in response.
John opened his eyes, stood, pulled on his coat, and rushed out the door. He ran down the steps and out onto the streets of London before Mrs. Hudson could comment on the sudden commotion. Once he was outside, John kept running. He was dehydrated, exhausted, and likely a bit undernourished, but he hadn't yet lost what all those years of running, first after Sherlock and then away from his memories, had given him.
"Sherlock!" Greg hissed. "I do
No, Mr. Werner's general mediocrity would not protect him, not this time. Sherlock brushed past him without any attempt to take his offered hand. Introductions were tedious and pointless. Lestrade cried out in predictable indignation, and began making apologies. He knew it wouldn't stop Sherlock, social niceties never had.
"Don't," John cut him off. "Don't apologize, James. I just wasn't expecting that." John sighed and repeated, "Don't apologize. I'm living in such a web of deception between the cases and Sherlock himself, it's nice to hear something
seen love make a difference when no other medicine could. Deliverance or demise depended on the hearts and minds of those involved.
He wrung his hands together over the cane he now needed to steady his gait. He'd been invalided home from the service after taking a bullet to the shoulder… He still couldn't quite figure how his leg was mixed up in that injury, but nerves and infection were tricky things sometimes.
it was a lie.
before his fateful visit with Mrs. Hudson. Even then he hadn't been able to speak his piece until she had left, and he was alone.
It was an impressive display of temper, but Sherlock could tell Mr. Werner was holding back. Then again, it would hardly help his argument that he was deserving of better treatment if he assaulted Sherlock, as he very much wanted to do at this moment.
Sherlock arched an eyebrow disdainfully at Lestrade. "There will still be a financial decline, you realize."
John let out a pressured breath through his teeth, a hiss of suppressed irritation at the lightness with which Alexander spoke of his injuries.
"Thorough enough for the Yard, anyway," Sherlock agreed haughtily, joining them.
John stiffened, then turned to face a middle aged man of average build, and slightly balding chestnut hair. "I apologize, on my own behalf and on behalf of my idiot flatmate," John murmured, leaning forward to shake their client's hand.
Sherlock had, more or less, accused him of being an adrenaline junkie. Sherlock, naturally, had been right. It was part of what had made life with Sherlock so appealing, one never knew what was coming next. He'd have to find a different kind of excitement now, and an Accident and Emergency Hospital seemed like the perfect place.
Sherlock allowed Mr. Miller's aggravating breathing to fill the room, a small, mockingly sympathetic smile on his face. "How do you know?"
John flew down the stairs and out of the building onto the streets of London, his throat too tight to utter any excuse to the startled Mrs. Hudson who looked worriedly after him from her place outside her door as he left.
Sherlock smirked victoriously and dropped a small round dot into John's open palm.
"Hey, I bought sandwiches and crisps," John said, holding out a portion for his friend.
"You don't have to leave on my account." Mary's voice was soft and a bit strained. John suspected she'd been crying.
They stared at each other for a long moment before Sherlock sighed and leaned back. "You're not going to let this go are you?"
Harry pressed her hands harder to her mouth, but a few stray giggles managed to sneak out.
Sherlock chuckled morosely. "I haven't lost that many of my faculties, John. I am quite familiar with this process."
He was more than capable of placing the tracking device himself; this argument was more a contest of wills than anything else. That fool with all his
John smiled ruefully and nodded. "I'm determined not to do that."
"This morning, after Camilla had left to take Daniel to a play-date, and Lizzy, my wife, had gone shopping, I crept into Camilla's bedroom. I know I shouldn't have, it's an invasion of her privacy, but I had to be sure, and I...I found her nightgown in her laundry hamper." Mr. Brenton's words were tight, as thought he had to force them out. Without speaking further he pulled out a tightly wrapped plastic bag, and held it out to Sherlock.
He was more pale than John remembered, thinner, and trembling in his arms, but it really was him. "Sherlock, Sherlock, Sherlock." The name fell from his lips like a chant as John nestled himself against the world's only consulting detective, breathing him in.
When they arrived it took Sherlock mere moments to pick the lock; John barely had to stand guard. Once the door was open, they both slipped inside. John looked around, while Sherlock made straight for the computer resting on the impressive wooden desk along the far wall. It was unassuming enough, as offices went. Diplomas and awards hung on the walls, bookshelves and medical tomes lined the rest of the office. There was a coat rack by the door and a skeleton in the corner of the room. There was nothing too ostentatious in the office, considering William's status with the hospital, and there wasn't anything particularly warm or welcoming either. Not that there was anything wrong with a good, neutral office, except that now they knew there was something
His sister would be fine. Just fine.
stop believing that you can get better. I would do
, John."
"So, you've been on this case for a while," John accused, his voice still harsh. "What have you got?"
With a jolt John realized his dilemma; the train had just begun to leave the station. If he had any chance at all of making this flight he needed to have gotten off before the train had pulled away. He stood, almost frantic, peering out the window in time to see the last of the station disappear along the side of his window. He felt his stomach clench in protest.
John thought for a moment and remembered exactly
for Sherlock to even attempt reconciliation. Sherlock had hurt him, badly, and far too often.
John lifted his hands to Mary's and held them, unable to respond, but grateful for her company.
"Well, we probably will have to snatch it up fairly quickly once she shows it to us, but when we know where it is, it should be child's play."
"Sherlock!" Lestrade called after him, but Sherlock refused to turn around, only lifting his hand in parting.
The lungs were in terrible shape. Years of smoking, on top of asthma…no, it had developed into COPD before he died. Sherlock sliced a sliver of lung tissue with a precision scalpel and placed it on a slide, before transporting said slide to the nearby microscope. Sherlock made some notes, adjusted the slide, and looked again. The tissue showed some signs of improving prior to mortem; it was likely the hospital staff had enforced the no-smoking policy despite what Mr. Wallingford would have wished.
Mr. Miller's hands clenched into fists at his sides. "I've seen this
"This last quarter has been...difficult." Mr. Murphy paused to clear his throat. "The company has weathered many storms before, naturally, but I think the strain was getting to Mr. Wallingford."
Marcus adjusted so that he was standing and nodded. "You'll need to get on the bed properly to give me room."
Marcus's hands covered John's again, easing them out of his hair. He kissed the palms before easing himself down to lie beside John. Marcus slid over John's torso as they lay together, not expressly trying to arouse, but to create a sensual haze. When John turned his head to look at him, Marcus murmured, "This doesn't have to follow any set script. It may only be for one night, but that doesn't mean there will be only one time."
John turned his head to protest that he should pay his fair share, especially for such a nice room, but those thoughts were stalled when he felt Marcus's breath on his cheek, and realized how close they were. His eyes shifted to meet Marcus's and he felt heat blossom between them. He leaned forward and closed the distance between them with a kiss.
As soon as he had sat down in the break room, John fished out his phone and called Mary, hoping to catch her on a break.
When John had finished another glass of tea, and had made an additional pot to carry him through the afternoon he curled on the couch with a paper pressed against a large book which served as a make-shift writing surface, and began to compose his reply.
The nobleman looked chagrined. "My daughter is not the product of a legitimate marriage, but she has...refined blood on both sides of her family. To the best of my knowledge she was to remain forever unaware of her true heritage. She was adopted out at birth, and that was to be the end of it." He coughed and fidgeted slightly in his seat. "Her mother, however, was a bit more sentimental than prudence should have allowed. When she died, the girl inherited a small sum of money, along with some very telling letters."
Once Sherlock had confirmed the instrument was tuned, he rested the bow against the strings and began to play. Mr. Walker attempted to talk over the first few notes to clarify the current production, as if that hadn't been obvious by the advertisements and posters they'd passed along the way. Nikki's instrument was not equal to his, but it was good enough.
The way this man wrote the work 'home' belied his assertion that he was not one for 'sentiment'. John took a breath at the painful reminder of Sherlock that came with that word. He could almost picture Sherlock asking for something this way, half hesitant, half dismissive, and, to John anymore, more revealing of Sherlock's true feelings than he would've liked. John shook himself, and read on:
"Sherlock wouldn't have reimbursed you?" James asked, tipping his head to one side in confusion.
The ex-army doctor sighed long and loud, because nothing he could think of to write appealed to him right now. He enjoyed writing in general, and Sherlock's cases were always interesting, but something was off today; his heart just wasn't in it.
John swallowed before he continued, another "tell" Sherlock was always lecturing him about. Apparently it was an indicator of strong, but suppressed emotion. As always, Sherlock was right. "I was very serious when I said I wanted to focus more on my medical practice. Sherlock and I…" The pause was painful and felt incriminating. "We are no longer associates. He is focusing on his work and I am focusing on mine." John silently begged Sara not to continue the questioning. It shouldn't be so hard, but it
Sherlock perked up a bit in his seat, leaning forward.
like I had something hard like a marble inside me and my flesh was pressing tight around it, hurting itself on the hard surface of the marble, but still unable to stop pressing in around it, like it was trying to squeeze it out."
," he murmured, looking up at Sherlock in stunned disbelief.
"I will release you from your obligations as my blogger, while also keeping my promise to pay for the remainder of your sister's treatment."
John nodded, humming in satisfaction. Roses had always been his sister's favorite flowers; the Osiria Rose in particular. They had white petals that flushed up to pink/red tips. From the looks of the pictures, this place had a lot of them. "It says you can tend up to three garden beds at one time, if you wanted."
"To the character's in a book?" John pressed.
," James replied with a small chuckle. Even the most routine autopsy was time consuming. "But we did work well together." He shrugged. "It felt like we'd worked together before."
think he would make a good doctor."
The woman stepped forward and raised a delicate eyebrow. "You certainly didn't, although to be fair it was dark, and I was sedating you."
Sherlock was dimly aware of the sound of John yelling as they fell. He jerked his arm in Moriarty's grasp, pushing against the thumb joint, exploiting the innate weakness most people were born with. Moriarty's grip fell away and Sherlock reached out for protruding steel pipe. His fingers grasped it, his body jerked to a stop for the briefest moment, then wrenched away from its mooring when Moriarty grasped his ankle, pulling them both down. In the last moments of his fall Sherlock looked up and caught John's panic stricken gaze with his own.
John nodded, thinking of the help he'd given Mrs. Hudson with her own roses. "They can be, but not nearly as temperamental as the world's only consulting detective." They shared a glance, then both began to chuckle.
Sherlock let out a long-suffering sigh and flopped his head on the back of his chair once more. "Destroying evidence," he muttered. "Of course." He grumbled quietly to himself for a few moments before waving his hand haphazardly through the air. "Continue."
"Do you think the first crime was a crime of passion, or planned?" John asked, struggling to keep his focus.
John snatched the syringe from her hand and administered the medicine. He watched and listened with his stethoscope, but saw no response. "Resume CPR. Janet, another point four milligrams of Narcan, one milligram of epi."
"Fine, thank you," James replied
"Mr. Holmes," their client began, "I am a representative of the-"
"She's a nurse
James gave his hand one final squeeze and said, "I hope you have a good day," before he turned to leave. John smiled and placed his hand in his pocket so it wouldn't lose the warmth James had transferred to it. He smiled to himself and watched James walk away for far longer than he should have.
Greg rolled his eyes again. "We should get going before he breaks into my car and hotwires it."
Sherlock nodded, "Exactly. She ate the meat then, after disposing it in the outside bin, and went immediately into the garden to further satisfy her craving. The ground around your Hydrangea shrubs was slightly disturbed and shows evidence of being contaminated with blood, indicating that she didn't even wash her hands first. "
damaged people sitting in this cab together.
"Yes, yes," Sherlock cut in. "We're all well aware how much reputation means to you, especially considering the prestigious law firm that employs you."
The counselor 'hmmed' sympathetically. "If that belief is so strong, that you have nothing else to look forward to, nothing else that you could be, I'm not surprised that you relapsed."
Laurali looked skeptically at Sherlock, then back at John. "You're asking for a lot here."
"What are you doing here, Molly?" he asked dryly, not bothering to turn his eyes on her.
. We've been retired for three years. I am
John grit his teeth and clenched his fists reflexively. He'd heard over the phone that his sister's condition was not good; it must have gotten worse in the hours it had taken him to get here.
: A Tangled Web
"Technically inaccurate," Sherlock murmured. He fell silent when John's face started to curl into an ugly scowl.
There were an average amount of disgruntled or underpaid workers, but nothing was standing out so far. Sherlock's search was limited to current, not former, employees, regardless of length of time with the company. In a halfway intelligent person revenge could stew for years before being unleashed, but that didn't mean they'd spent all those years at one hospital.
contained a poison every iota as complex and deadly as Ms. Hooper had implied. The only thing that did not surprise him about this string of experiments, was his final test; a confirmation that he
...Just like with Sherlock...
"The next time I saw him," Greg continued, "he was calling
Sherlock frowned, blinking when John pressed a kiss close to his eye. He didn't like being easy to read, but John was right, he had been over thinking. "No," he said at length, leaning into John's gentle embrace. John's hands wandered slowly over Sherlock's torso, not trying to arouse, just to hold.
pressed his hands together as though he were praying and rested them with his fingertips against his chin, occasionally brushing his lower lip. Now, however Sherlock's hands were slack, the fingers curled together under his chin like a child.
The words seemed to hit John square in the chest. After Sherlock's fall from Bart's, the way John had waited for him, after
John paused for a moment to stare into the fire with a small smile on his lips. As much as it hurt to see reminders of Sherlock in Alexander's letters, in a strange way it helped ease part of the ache inside him. Picking up his pen again, John continued writing:
"It you don't pay attention to the traffic signs, you'll never make it to Switzerland alive," Sherlock noted, calmly observing the sea of traffic moving in front of them. John had nearly blundered into it because they didn't have the walk sign yet.
of them would demonstrate good manners."
"Harsh treatment?" John asked.
They said their goodbyes and John hung up the phone, a small smile on his lips, pleased with the steps he had taken to put his life in order. It wasn't going to be a fast process, but he would see it through, one step at a time.
Sherlock shifted, pulling his arm down, and blinking up at John as the ex-army doctor's hand slid over his cheek and came to rest on his forehead.
Unfortunately for Sherlock, John didn't start his shift for another thirty minutes. Sherlock sighed and, for a few moments, focused his eyes on the streets around him. There were plenty of people out and about still, many subjects he could deduce if he so chose…but the last time he had attempted that he'd fallen into a case he hadn't planned for, and for reasons that had more to do with John than himself. No, better to focus inwards for now. Lestrade was still a source of regular cases, and if there was something really worthwhile going on, it wouldn't stay outside his notice for long.
Sherlock plastered on a dazzling smile, and pulled out John's chair for him. John managed a pleasant smile, which widened as he deliberately stepped on Sherlock's toes. "Thank you," he murmured, his smile shifting to a smirk as he tipped his head over his shoulder to look at his 'date'.
Sherlock lay on the sofa, staring up at ceiling of the sitting room, listening to the rain attack the windowpanes. His hands, usually so carefully pressed together just under his chin lay limp and listless, one cascading off the edge of the sofa and trailing on the floor, the other draped across his abdomen. His brilliant mind, normally swirling with a million thoughts, connecting the smallest but most crucial bits of detail together into the deduction that would solve a case, was painfully focused on only one thing:
Sherlock snorted with amusement, his gaze never leaving the papers he had clutched in his hands.
That nod was all Lestrade needed. He stood and started issuing orders. One of the officers with him detained Dan and began escorting him back to their car. The other officer began to disperse the crowd that had gathered around them. Lestrade turned back to Susan and offered her his hand. She took it and straightened, walking close beside him towards his own patrol car.
By the time the Thai Food arrived, Sherlock was yelling advice and commentary at the screen and John was struggling not to laugh. Sherlock did
Miss. Williams rose to her feet as well, undeterred from her purpose. "Three tragic
John nodded, then nodded again more vigorously. He needed some distance from everything for a few hours. Compared to life with Sherlock, an autopsy sounded wonderfully simple. "I could help you finish, if you'd like."
Less than a minute later, John's phone pinged with a response.
"Why?!" John asked, struggling mightily not to laugh. Sherlock's grin was infectious, and, even though it was a bit not good, it
John smiled and nodded at Mary, one of the clinic nurses, as he entered. Mary smiled and waved back. It was nice getting into the office early for once. It had been harder to get up this morning than he thought it would be. It would get easier with time though. John had gotten too used to Sherlock's jumbled hours... He bit back a sigh and his chest ached. Every time he told himself that he had to move forward, he felt a tugging sensation in his heart.
"This is a slow acting...illness, so I doubt you would have noticed by now even if it was contagious." Sherlock sighed, shifting his arm to loosen John's sudden death grip on it. John relented and rested his fingers lightly on Sherlock's forearm. His fingers trembled as he processed the news.
He'd fallen in
John thought he might actually have ruffled Sherlock's feathers, so he cupped his hands to his mouth and yelled after him, "You
"Look here," Sherlock gestured, "just behind the jaw. That is a bruise in the shape of a thumb."
Nikki had remained somber most of the night, but once she had calmed down her expression became resolutely determined. John remembered asking her at the time if she needed any doctor's notes for her employer, seeing as she wouldn't be able to play for some time during the initial stages of healing. That was one of the few times Nikki had smiled that night. She had accepted his offer for a doctor's note and explained that someone had volunteered to cover her seat as first violin while she was recovering. She had looked at him oddly, and stumbled over her story, making John wonder if she felt she had to conceal something, or if her medications were starting to affect her concentration. Given her brief interaction with her father, who suffered a few bruises and a minor concussion, John worried about the safety of her home life.
John frowned. "Doing what? Being a doctor?"
Greetings, and welcome back for another chapter of Choosing Love! ^_^ Thank you to everyone who commented on, subscribed to, left kudos for, and/or bookmarked my story. I hope you enjoy this next installment!
"First things first," Mary began, rolling up her sleeves to the elbows. "I expect you to wash your hands thoroughly before you touch any food."
have lovely gardens, Johnny. Do you see all these roses?"
"Sherlock," John ventured. "If you can't find her we should leave. We shouldn't be here in the first place."
They walked in silence for a time before James spoke up again. "Have you given any thought to what you'll do when you're not working cases anymore?"
Mary stared at the phone until it stopped ringing, then glanced up at Sherlock one more time before rolling her eyes and walking towards the door to collect her coat. That's when the texts started, one after another in rapid succession, almost like a knocking.
listened, and kept her gaze fixed on Sherlock's shoulder while her broken arm hung limp and useless at her side. Her violin case was still cradled in her good arm, nestled between her chest and his.
With a resigned sigh John reached out and picked up his phone. It was late, but Greg often worked late, and even when he wasn't working he kept his phone close in case a sudden call came in. Sherlock's words from so many years ago rose up, unbidden, as so many memories had before:
"Well, in all honestly, it's about a murder, but the husband did it, and he runs a dog fighting ring. That's where the body's hidden and I need an unparalleled search dog to help me find it. I find the body, I shut down the ring. Lestrade's a soft touch just like you, all the dogs will be well cared for."
Sherlock straightened in his seat. "The king is right beside her, It's her job to protect him."
Mrs. Hudson had left food outside the door, some of which he'd managed to choke down. Greg had threatened to bring in a tactical unit and break down the door. He hadn't
"Call me John, please." John had asked her that before, but she never seemed to listen, or perhaps she just had a bad memory.
"Look at the truck, John!" Sherlock flailed his arms about as if the answer were staring them in the face. "The damage is all wrong! Think about it. If you were going to jump off a bridge, how would you do it?"
Carefully folding the letter, John placed it in his inside suit pocket, and straightened his tie once more.
Feisty. Lonely. Horny. That was about the sum of it right now.
Marcus cried out in pleasure as John thrust into him, rocking against his prostate. John braced his weight with one hand on the bed and the other slid down Marcus's torso to grasp his throbbing erection. Marcus cried out and arched his back as John started to stroke him. John pushed into Marcus's slick tight heat over and over, driving them both closer to the edge.
As John had begun to regain his equilibrium, he'd needed less and less supervision, and he'd come around less and less often. In the past six months, he'd dropped by exactly three times. Each time John had come in the last six months, Molly had all but handed over entire autopsies to John. Even then, he'd only come on the very worst days, when he felt his grief would drown him. It had been almost a month since John had been to the morgue at all, and he'd thought he was
A few minutes of tense silence passed before the ladder of the helicopter came into view, Mycroft perched expertly on its rungs. Still John didn't move, the barrel of his gun never wavered from the woman's head. Brother to Sherlock or not, John had only met the man once, and he didn't trust him.
"You are correct in your assumption, Mr. Holmes, that I used to work for KGB. I was good with languages, intelligent, and strong. There was always work for me. I did well and, after some time, was promoted."
"Three days. I've monitored myself every four hours, it has held steady at 102 degrees Fahrenheit."
If he had any rational fear left it should have returned now, John's teeth were still in his neck for goodness sake! He could rupture an artery if he wasn't careful! And yet, Sherlock couldn't seem to muster any more fear. Instead he leaned heavily against his alpha, exhaustion sweeping over him from many sleepless hours spent trying to come to a solution that didn't involve bonding or dying. The deed was done now, and if there was anyone he
!" He'd stalked out of the room then, towards the loo. He'd paused before he got there and added, "
"It was so different when we were first married," Mrs. Wallingford pressed on, "I helped Andrew at the office, organizing the filing, supervising the secretarial staff. He didn't need the extra help, but I was good at keeping the minutia organized and the staff underneath Andrew and his colleges in line. He could trust me, and I helped free up more of his time."
The crowd was slow moving, and at the earliest opportunity John ducked them both into a small alcove where they could rest until the crowd thinned a bit. Mary shot John a thankful smile as she leaned against the cool wall, still holding his hand. She looked flushed from the heat of the crowd, but still beautiful in her evening dress. John squeezed her hand, and felt the metal of her wedding ring press into his palm. They were quite the lovesick pair. Mary had made her peace with her loss and John, well he would get there someday. Then... well that was a future too far ahead to think about yet. For now he was grateful to have Mary's friendship and her compassion. It would be foolish to consider anything else until his heart was his own again.
"Anything going on there?" Greg asked, sipping his own water.
"You won't, the imposters will. I just need a few minutes…"
Then he saw them.
Sherlock glared at him for a moment before turning squarely to face Mr. Brenton. "I'm afraid you'll find this rather costly. You really should have paid a few pounds up front, then you never would've been caught like this."
"It's a shot," the stranger clarified.
"You were not the only one providing me with information, Mrs. Wolfram. The lack of a wedding ring on your 'husbands' body with your own being in such good condition?" Sherlock shook his head. "It didn't make sense as a suicide or the murder of a cuckolded man."
"Mycroft Holmes," John continued. "I met Sherlock's older brother yesterday."
to get you out of the house."
Sherlock swallowed as he watched John lean towards his straining erection, and lick the precum off the tip. Sherlock gasped his eyelids fluttering at the sensation, until John pulled back and growled, "Look at me." Sherlock's eyes snapped open and he watched as John leaned forward again, their eyes locked as he took the head of Sherlock's member into his mouth and swirled his tongue around it. Sherlock moaned softly, his hands returning to John's scalp, not pushing or pulling, just touching, feeling, categorizing the sensations.
Turning, John made his way quickly towards the closet by the loo. It was a bit of a mess in there, but the supplies were actually there, as opposed to being in the oven or whatever else seemed to make sense to Sherlock most of the time. John gathered them up and stepped into the sitting room, halting when he saw Sherlock, using his injured hand, his good one was still gripping his injured forearm tightly, to clear a space on the coffee table. He looked up a moment later and leaned back, not bothering to comment on, or explain his actions.
John forced his eyes to move further down on the page, brushing over a small notation about the phone being retrieved from the roof, where Sherlock had tossed it.
James nodded solemnly. "I understand. I'm sorry, too." He glanced around the quiet park they'd been walking through and said, "This is a good place to go our separate ways."
Sherlock leaned forward, sliding his phone towards John. "This goes all the way to the top," Sherlock murmured. "I knew it had to be an administrator when you were detained, and that helped narrow the field. I didn't need to look far after that."
Mr. Werner's eyes shifted to focus on Lestrade's face and he nodded. "Let make it quick, eh? I've got a busy schedule."
John had never gotten around to writing up that particular case, but he'd never forgotten that particular mourning practice. Sherlock, naturally, had been baffled by the sentiment of such an idea, but it had made sense to John. After Sherlock's fall, when nothing seemed to make sense anymore, John had adopted the tradition, in his own way, with his broken wristwatch. The clock was supposed to stay stopped forever. Maybe when John had his answers he'd start it up again. In the meantime it was a perfect representation of the part of him that was frozen in that moment, willing Sherlock not to jump.
the game was afoot.
John was gone and there was no way to fix it.
"I've got it," Sherlock replied.
Sherlock stood, and Mary straightened with his movement. "I'll meet you there."
John turned his head to look at her and smiled ruefully. His throat felt tight. His eyes burned. "Blatant disregard for the rules. Sherlock would be proud." His voice sounded strained, and John struggled to keep his breathing even.
~*~*~*~
It was the letter that made him decide to stay.
John's fingers twitched in nervous agitation as the wheels of his mind spun helplessly.
"That would explain why you eventually caught William's attention," Sherlock murmured, frowning down at the obituaries in their hands. "Every serial killer keeps trophies, but this is too subtle, it's not enough to act on."
"That's not true!" Dan yelled, pressing in on Sherlock's personal space until even Lestrade had to step in and ease him back. Dan angrily shoved off Lestrade's hand on his shoulder. "He was being fresh!"
Lestrade bit back a sigh and glowered at Sherlock. "Now is really not the time, Sherlock."
John was sitting, rather uncomfortably, across from their nobleman client. They were sitting in the window of a small bistro across the street from the ballet theater, waiting for Sherlock to return with the blackmail material.
Lestrade slammed the door behind him, still peaked about Sherlock slipping so easily out of his cuffs. He had legitimately put them on the impossible consulting detective, and tightly too!
He turned back around and made his way upstairs to his room. As he packed John focused intensely on the details. What should he take with him, and what should he leave? How should he best fold the fabric of his shirt to maximize the space he did have. Where in his luggage should he hide his gun?
John turned again, staring hard at the man in front of him. "Explain, exactly, and precisely, what you are offering."
John sighed, but didn't take the bait. Would this man
"I love you," John whispered. It was both an accusation and a lament.
And that's my Johnlock rendition of Beauty and the Beast! I hope you enjoyed the story, it's been a long time coming and I'm glad I was able to share it. I may write a brief, epilogue, I haven't decided yet. I think I'll leave it up to you all. Let me know if you want an epilogue, and I'll see what I can do.
" John asked, his face flushing with anger.
The stranger chuckled, his voice was a deep baritone, but not quite the same tenor as Sherlock's. He was indeed in an expensive and immaculately tailored suit. He had warm amber eyes that sparkled with laughter, which rested behind the small rectangular lenses of his glasses. His hair was black and straight, falling just past his ears. It was longer than what was traditional considered professional, but it was neatly trimmed, and suited the overall refined image.
"I have a single king, non-smoking, on the third floor." She replied, "Will that be acceptable?"
John leaned into the touch, but was not the least bit distracted. "Sherlock, what are you up to?"
"What is it," Mr. McGregor asked, stepping forward. "What have you found?"
"That's a surprisingly normal place to keep them," John gasped, pushing against Sherlock until they rolled and John was pushing him down into the matters.
John had expected the cutesy, slightly over-done lovers act would continue the rest of the night, or as long as Sherlock found it useful. Instead, the world's only consulting detective had demurred somewhat. He hadn't sunk entirely into himself, as he was wont to do during the listless, case-less days around the flat, but he wasn't exactly putting on a show anymore. He almost seemed normal. Well, as normal as Sherlock could be, anyway. There were no biting remarks, no subtle calls for attention, and no flawless picking apart of the secrets of everyone in the room. The conversation was easy, casual, and almost pleasant. John hated himself for being dissatisfied with it. He'd clearly spent too much time with this man if Sherlock's pattern of conversation had
"Why put yourself through so much trouble for a stranger?" Mr. Walker pressed, as Sherlock had known he would.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, in part to mask his own embarrassment, but dutifully sat at the computer and hacked into the necessary cameras. At the moment it looked like a very ordinary London street, but they were early, so to speak.
A noise on the stairs broke John's reverie and he smiled when he saw Mrs. Hudson come into the flat with the day's post. "Good morning, Mrs. Hudson," John greeted her.
Another sigh passed Sherlock's lips and he pressed the heels of his palms into his eyes, as though that action could strike this undeniable truth from his mind:
Sherlock rolled his eyes and remained sitting. He did, however, press his hands together just below his chin and lean forward. "Mr. Murphy, I am here to investigate anything unusual that may have been associated with Mr. Wallingford's death. I know Mrs. Wallingford gave me clearance to do so."
John nodded and followed her.
Sherlock's gaze never left the screen as he spoke. "One of the files I passed over detailed shipment schedules. That combined with this high tech security system hints that Mr. Dwight is involved with something illegal."
~*~*~*~
John frowned as he hung up his jacket then nodded to himself. There was a strong fire crackling in the fireplace, casting its golden light on the world's only consulting detective. Sherlock seemed utterly absorbed in his task as he tuned his violin. The ex-army doctor had made a point of closely monitoring his friend recently, since Sherlock couldn't be trusted or bothered to tell others when he was feeling poorly. He was still, mostly, having good days, but John could see the beginnings of a troubling pattern. John was already making plans to insinuate himself into 221B from time to time, even after he'd moved into the basement with Harry.
the drugs she'd taken that had killed her?
He heaved a raged breath and turned his head sideways towards the window. He tried not to look too hard at anything these days. It only resulted in intermittent fits of rage when he thought of what Sherlock had put him through, or fits of renewed grief when he reviewed the letters in his mind and thought of Sherlock's sacrifice, of his pain.
Once John had settled himself on the couch again, he sipped his tea and though about his reply. When the tea was gone he pulled a large book and fresh paper into his lap. Using the book to support the paper he wrote:
~*~*~*~
?" John specified, fighting the urge to roll his eyes.
Sherlock was acting-he had to be-but
John pulled two tea cups down from the shelf, a reflex he'd never been able to entirely rid himself of, but he was able to smile about that too. Usually John was able to catch his mistake before he brewed two cups. Usually. Sherlock had him so well trained that there would be hot cups of tea awaiting the world's only consulting detective for decades to come. The act of making two cups of tea was comforting to John, even if he usually ended up drinking both. Leaving the second tea mug out for now, John set his tea to brew.
"The faster we can get there, the better," Sherlock explained with an obvious wink. The cabbie nodded and then they were speeding off down the streets of London.
that familiar creeping feeling made him.
"I know, love. I wouldn't try to stop you, but you
John's jaw set in a hard line. "Greg, we need to find him, now."
Eric still seemed reluctant to take his letter of resignation, so John set it down on the corner of the desk before lifting his phone out of his trouser pocket. He hesitated when he saw it was Sherlock calling and almost didn't pick up. John didn't
"My work
. He couldn't remember ever being so tired in his life than he'd been in the last two weeks, not even during med school. To say that Sherlock's place was a mess wasn't saying the half of it. Not even a fraction.
John heard Mary's footsteps towards the sink, then heard the sound of water running. When Mary spoke again she spoke over her shoulder, projecting her voice so as to be heard over the sounds of cooking and rushing water.
John groaned softly as he collapsed into the spare armchair by the fireplace. He was
"Sherlock?" John asked stepping forward, kneeling beside his friend, and checking his pulse.
John felt his breath coming faster as he shrugged out of his shirt, his eyes raking over the bare skin of Marcus's chest. He looked good shirtless; trim and toned. John knew he'd gone a bit soft around the edges, even with all the running around he used to do with Sherlock, still, he saw appreciation and heat glittering in Marcus's eyes as Marcus looked him over.
"You're hopeless, John. Did you even know that your watch has been broken for the past year?"
"She doesn't need to be," Sherlock cut him off. "Not with her skill set."
John nodded, still smiling. "Wouldn't want anyone to change your priorities."
"You're welcome," John replied. "Have you been to the ballet often?"
"When he heard about Mrs. Dwight," John continued, "he wanted to study her body to see how the impact had affected it, and if he could deduce the angle of her fall. He thought he saw some inconsistencies in the damage to the truck which struck her."
need stitches. You don't want to know the kind of tear Bryan just put in your perineum." Laurali's expression soured, but she stopped protesting.
There is one more chapter after this one, and I really, really think you'll want to read it when I'm able to post it. But, until then, have faith.
The good doctor stopped abruptly on the stairs. "
Two hours later they made their way into the Lion's Den, grabbed a few pints along with some food, and made themselves comfortable at a table near the back.
Sherlock opened his mouth to retort, when John stepped in-between Mr. Werner and Sherlock.
After twelve minutes had passed, Sherlock instructed the woman again. "Stop." He shifted slightly so that he would face Nikki more directly. "Will she do?"
Mycroft shrugged. "She is a prima ballerina now, just as she wanted. And her evidence is in safe hands."
John found himself smiling, amused by both the protective streak, and yet another abrupt change in subject. He couldn't really blame Alexander, though. He had to be surrounded by intense and unpleasant emotions constantly; he didn't need to be further burdened in these letters.
"Is his absence part of another case?"
be denied. Not now. Not after waiting for so long.
an opioid overdose, Anna would flail, and could hit someone as she woke. John watched as the needle went in, and held his breath as the paramedic pushed the plunger down.
They ate in mostly companionable silence, Sherlock only pouting a little at having been ordered around. Still, John was as good as his word, and the day progressed much like any other.
"Technically that would be against regulation," James replied quietly. John had just opened his mouth to explain that he understood when James reached to his side and pulled two fresh blue gloves from the box on the table and held them out to John. "Lucky for us that the dead don't talk." John smiled and took the gloves.
Rising from their seats, they made for the stairs. There were only seven flights of stairs between them and the archives, but it seems like an endless, poorly lit, concrete labyrinth. John argued with himself the entire way down, wondering how much a fool he would feel when this 'investigation' came to nothing...and still he could not ignore the tingling excitement creeping up his spine. It was weak, tentative, but still reminiscent of the excitement he'd felt while running cases with Sherlock. John thought it might have truly been sick, how
in order to make his own tea. The kettle and the tea were in a lower cabinet to the left of the stove. John had taken to keeping many things he frequently used there, hoping to keep them out of Sherlock's experimental reach. Sherlock smirked to himself as he filled the kettle with water, cataloging all the experiments he could wreak upon it. There was no one here to stop him now, after all.
"No one if going to hurt you, Susan," Lestrade soothed, leaning towards her so that he could keep his voice low. "Would you like to head inside and speak?" Lestrade gestured to a nearby coffee shop with a toss of his head, but before Susan could answer, or not answer, Sherlock interjected.
"I don't know," John admitted. "I think he'd particularly like to show up his brother."
John ran a sooty hand through his hair and took a step back, trying to scan as much of the scene in front of him as he could at once. "Let's review what we know. Mr. McAndrew is an intelligent, sentimental serial killer."
Sherlock saw John's struggle, and restricted his perusal of the bookshelves to the opposite side of the room. He
"This is a highly secured function; guests are allowed by invitation only," Sherlock drawled impatiently, tracking Arthur's progress as he moved through the room. The would-be politician was speaking with all the right people and arranging all the right opportunities to be photographed. He had been 'working the room' for some time, but it would still be ten minutes before he began slinking back towards his office.
John suspected that this rendition may leave Odette alive but alone when Prince Siegfried flailed in the lake and seemed about to drown, but then he rallied, made his way to shore and tore the wings off of Von Rothbart. There was a flash of light and sound, then Prince Siegfried leapt to the small cliff where Odette had been anxiously watching and caught the ballerina playing Odette, who now wore a jeweled crown instead of a feather headset, in a dramatic lift, before setting her safely on the stage. There was a brief moment of confusion while Odette looked herself over, touched her head, and realized that she was no longer a swan, before she turned and leapt into Prince Siegfried's arms as the music built into its final crescendo. The audience, John and Mary included, erupted into applause as the curtain fell closed on the reunited couple. The curtain re-opened shortly and there were more bows and further applause before the curtain fell for a final time and the lights came up.
like?!" He was only trying to get him to see reason. The rumor mill did
John started to throw a leg over the side of the roof, planning to pick is way down a bit slower, using the drainage pipe as an anchor, when movement flashed in the corner of his vision. He stilled and swiveled his head around to see better. Sure enough a hunched figure was creeping up on Sherlock from the next alleyway over. Either there was more than one person following them, or they'd been cut off somehow. This person was
She managed to draw a deep breath and nodded. John nodded back, then turned his attention to his husband. "Sherlock, fetch me some towels, and call an ambulance." Sherlock nodded and left the room.
"No!" Harry insisted, coloring like a child caught in a lie.
Mike nodded in understanding. That was one thing that John had always liked about him when they were in medical school together, Mike never belabored a point. He was immensely practical. "What about you?" John ventured, "What have you been up to?"
John smiled warmly. "You're welcome, Nikki. I was happy to be able to help." He nodded once towards her cast, "How is your recovery going?
Sherlock is Sherlock.
"I met Marcus when I was first investigating Mr. Wallingford's death, and I saw the mark you left on him." Sherlock hesitated until John's hand came up to grasp his. "The rest was hacking. I discovered who Travis was shortly after I met Marcus. These last few weeks I have been speaking to him online. He's still in love with Marcus, apparently, and I informed him that Marcus was still very much in love with him."
John narrowed his eyes defiantly. "Yes."
callous, but John had never yet seen him be cruel. It made him wonder about the history of his unusual benefactor. What had happened to him that shaped him into what he was today?
"And I might have wholly selfish reasons for wanting Travis's former lover spoken for," Sherlock replied, looking away again.
John halted in the doorway, his hands braced on the frame. He didn't need to turn around to know that Sherlock had risen from the sofa and was looming ominously close behind him. He turned anyway, wanting the physical evidence of this man's gall.
Sherlock nodded graciously. "It was a pleasure to meet you, Ms. Adeline." She smiled, waved once, then was gone.
John stood, artfully avoided collision with his flatmate, and washed his mug out in the sink. "I'm headed out," he announced, "Would you like me to get anything for you?" There was no response. The good doctor sighed softly, set his mug in a cabinet and went to pull on his jacket. "Try to remember to eat something will you? Or at least drink, you
~*~*~*~
believe you?" John asked, dumbfounded.
John was in the provider's office typing the last of his notes for the day. He might be strongly considering leaving the clinic if he could find some full time work, but he still wanted all of his work to be at its best. Being a doctor deserved his full attention.
John snorted derisively. "Or something it right. Sometimes I think I work for a madman." When the brown haired man in front of him frowned in concern, John continued. "I work for Sherlock Holmes, he's—"
to help support you in that."
This was not strictly true. John was flexible, and generally open to new experiences, but that would require a vulnerability he was not ready to offer on a one night stand. He let Marcus's skin slide slowly between his teeth, his breath ghosting against the shell of Marcus's ear.
Elzbieta's classmate, Laurali, was an orphan, attending the school on scholarship, and the kidnappers felt that public sympathy would motivate the Bulgarian ambassador to be more than accommodating. They demanded twenty million pounds for the safe return both girls, however they would settle for ten million if the Bulgarian ambassador deigned only to rescue his own daughter. Human trafficking was alive and well, so they would make money either way.
"Here!" Mycroft reached into his coat pocket and pulled out a legal sized envelope that appeared to have John's name scrawled across it.
John swallowed, not sure if he wanted to push Marcus away or not. Despite his many protests that Sherlock was "not my boyfriend" (John was a stickler for accurate representation) he
"John?" Sherlock breathed, confusion, desperately trying to suck in air and clear his thoughts. John was relentless, his mouth slipping up Sherlock's neck to assault his other ear. Sherlock's breathing hitched, and he tugged John closer, winding long arms around his neck.
That sorted, Sherlock pushed his fatigue aside, plugged in his laptop, and took a seat. It was time for the real work to begin.
Seconds later the mess on the floor was forgotten as Sherlock scrolled through is blog website looking for cases...
John snorted in disbelief, drawing the attention of the others. "You
The security for Charing Cross's electronic hub was laughable; he was inside in less than a minute. Sherlock started with a detailed review of Mr. Wallingford's death and autopsy records…no new information there. Next, Sherlock examined the old security camera feeds around the time of Mr. Wallingford's surgery, and death. There was a lot of data to compile but nothing that seemed to give solid credence to the idea of murder or malpractice.
Nikki nodded slowly. "I thought you might say that. That's fine, but I have two tickets. Well, three really. I used my benefits to get one for myself, and I bought two more for you, in case you wanted to bring a date. Your tickets are in a different section, don't worry. I didn't want to intrude if you did come."
," Sherlock drawled, leaning back in his armchair with his head lolling.
Sherlock...
John, who had been standing to the side, watching their exchange, stepped forward and watched his flatmate's retreating form for a moment before he said. "You know he was just manipulating you."
"I don't have a fever," Sherlock insisted softly.
The steps paused, and Sherlock struggled to keep his breathing under control. John, whether he thought Sherlock was a beta or not, was a
"I can't believe there was such a big mix-up," Harry murmured, following John's gaze.
...In a bizarre way, nothing was really different. Only John's perspective had changed... There was still nothing to do but
John nodded and sighed. That would make Alexander's time away from home approximately three years. That was such a long time to be away from home... "I'd like to meet him when he comes home, Mycroft. I understand he's believed dead. I could even do a physical for him, if he wanted some breathing room before going back on the grid." John frowned thoughtfully. "He'll probably be in rough shape after this mission."
John moaned softly and pushed against Sherlock as he continued his slow downward assault on John's torso, tugging John's pants off his legs as he went.
John smiled fondly, despite himself. "And the eyes in the microwave." For the love of everything sacred John never suspected he would ever miss
John ran a dry tongue over cracked lips and tried to remember the last time he'd gotten out of his chair. Not today. Probably not yesterday either.
Sudden movement next to him caused him to turn his head.  John brightened considerably when he saw Sherlock kneeling down next to him.  "Ready to go?" the consulting detective asked.
Sherlock blinked away the memory, not wanting to recall the argument. Now that John was gone Sherlock found himself more distracted than ever. Part of him rebelled at the thought that John was never coming back, but wanting couldn't, and in this case, shouldn't change things. He was going to keep his distance. It was, perhaps, the one unselfish thing he'd ever done.
A delicate eyebrow raised defiantly towards her hairline. "You're that confident, are you?"
Mr. Williams had proceeded to inform them that he believed his daughter was in danger of losing her life. Against his wishes, she'd become engaged to Mr. Charles McAndrew, a man who's last three wives met their untimely ends under highly suspicious circumstances. During their courtship Mr. McAndrew had convinced Miss. Williams that he was a man unjustly blamed for the tragic 'accidents' which had befallen his former wives. Mr. Williams explained that he'd been unable to dissuade his daughter, and she had informed him that evening that she would marry Mr. McAndrew in three days. Mr. Williams reported he had resolved instantly to seek Sherlock's help in the middle of the night so that his daughter would not know at first, and would be unprepared for any initial interview which may follow.
"There's the smile I've come to know and love," James drawled, sauntering into the room with two steaming mugs.
They quickly returned to the front desk, and Frederick was just reaching for the phone when John heard a familiar voice off to his left.
Lestrade nodded slowly. "John was the only one who could ever get you out of you mind palace at will." There was a short, strained silence before he asked, "What happened?"
Sherlock baritone laugh filled the room as they embraced once more.
happen, was enough to freeze the blood in his veins. There was nothing good about being an omega; one was far, far too vulnerable. Better to shut the whole process down, pretend it didn't happen.
Sherlock perked up immediately. "Yes, Mrs. Hudson?" There was no one with her, no client
Sherlock nodded one more before dashing up the metal steps to the building's roof. He threw himself onto the flat surface moments before the dogs rounded the corner into the alley. Sherlock hunkered down and listened to them make their way to Wiggins, who had curled up on the ground facing away from them.
Mr. Walker paled. "Is that a threat, Mr. Holmes?"
John shook his head at himself, tucked Harry's letter in his pocket, and began his slow meander back to baker street.
~*~*~*~
John looked between the stairs and the bathroom for a few more moments before nearly shouting, "If what we need is in the bathroom,
The world's only consulting detective waived away the menus which the waiter was offering. "We'll split the seared scallops to start. Then for the main course, I will have Salmon with wild greens, and my date will have the mushroom and asparagus risotto."
"Fuck you!" John hissed, wrenching his wrists in their bonds. If he jerked the right way, a way that resulted in the dislocation of his thumb joint, he might be able to get his hands free. It would hurt like hell, but he was beyond caring. It would get him that much closer to breaking Mycroft's perfectly healed nose.
She nodded once, but still would not look up at him.
since he'd been able to so that! He practically skipped to the loo, giddy to have his focus back where it
John pointedly refused to look at his companion as the lights dimmed and the show began. It was beautiful to watch, and a rudimentary knowledge of the plot helped the ex-army doctor distract himself from the terror of a man beside him. It was a sad plot, though, and John struggled with the urge to re-write it in his head. The healing impulses of a doctor did, after all, come naturally to him.
that John was making. He'd always heard most alphas were quiet, but John had no qualms about making his pleasure known.
"A little late," Sherlock finished, causing John to jump at his unexpected nearness.
"You stabbed me," he observed dryly.
This wasn't about drumming up new clients, this was about
"Don't worry about it," Sherlock advised, reaching out and, with gentle pressure, easing Nikki's hand away from her mouth.
John's mouth set in a tight line as he remembered the cutting words he had spoken that day. "
"It's not suicide," Sherlock chimed in, unhelpfully.
If he had hoped to deter John by making him uncomfortable by their proximity he had failed utterly. "Take. Your. Medicine." John insisted, pushing the tablets against Sherlock's lips.
Sherlock had as much of an understanding of the political workings at play as he cared to. What he didn't understand was why Mycroft wanted
John still stood, gaping in the doorway. "You really expect me to live here? If you end up as busy as you hope to be, I'll never have any free time."
"Nice to meet you, John. My name is James. James Moriarty."
had it. "You're arm's broken, probably your leg too, you don't...you don't want to know what a fall like that could have done to you..."
The next cabbie he approached shook his head, got in his car, and pulled away. The one after that was just accepting another fare, and the one after that point blank refused to move, because he was waiting to pick up his wife who should be on the next train, when it could finally get through. The ex-army doctor ran a hand through his hair and spun around, eyes searching desperately for another cabbie.
conversation since it had happened, but things had never been awkward between them either, and John was immensely grateful for that.
John's eyes snapped open. "Sherlock?!"
Sherlock looked wretched, but he still had the energy to arch an eyebrow at him and murmur in a low voice, "Fifty shades of Watson?"
: A Chemical Defect.
"Hm. Well I think we'll get on just fine without him," Mr. Werner muttered, rubbing his chin thoughtfully."
Shaking himself out of his reverie, John went in search of his husband, and their new ward. He found them, curled together on Sherlock's bed. Sherlock had his arm around her shoulder, pillowing her head. Laurali had leaned into Sherlock's side and, apparently, fallen asleep. Maggie, their cat, was nestled against Laurali's stomach, purring quietly.
John slid his fingers out and grasped Marcus's hips with both hands. Marcus was already moving over him and in seconds he impaled himself on John's cock. They both moaned at the sensation. Marcus rolled his hips, rising and falling on John's erection. John's hands kept a grip on Marcus's hips, pushing and pulling, both supporting Marcus's movements and controlling them as he had with the earlier blow job.
Greg blinked and hesitated. He wasn't used to Sherlock being so cooperative, not with the cleanup of a case. Once he'd solved something he was rushing on to the next case or experiment, or whatever else would keep him occupied. Then again, things had been markedly different since John left, or, as Mycroft had put it, since Sherlock ordered him out. Greg wasn't as keen on knowing all the details as his lover was, but he knew Sherlock well enough to know he was hurting in a way he hadn't before. "Will 10:00am give you enough time to finish whatever experiment is in there?" Greg asked, gesturing to the bag with his chin.
very loyal very quickly, or he had been to Sherlock. It was beyond reason, but it had just felt
Sherlock reflected back on the Dwight case and the lost laptop... There was little doubt that the spider was aware of him now. If he could not have the benefit of surprise, why not push his attack? His next move, whatever it was, would need to be fast.
Sherlock snorted and turned away, peering out the windows of their sitting room. "
Greg put his face in his hands. "You have no idea, Sherlock. It's a mad-house. I have
John nodded solemnly. "I'll see that it's ordered right away." He assured them both that they could remain in the lounge as long as they needed to, and that they could also flag down a nurse in the next twenty minutes if they wanted to spend anytime saying goodbyes before Mrs. Morris was transferred to the morgue. They both nodded and thanked him. As quietly as he could manage, John left the room.
"A slice of cake?" John asked haltingly.
Sherlock used his hacking skills to attach a picture of a healthy looking young woman, a little younger than Nikki, before the drugs had wasted her features. Then he attached a picture of her from the morgue records.
John licked his lips, dread settling icy cold, deep in his abdomen. "What was it?" He asked, when Molly was finally close enough to hear.
to think," he murmured in his bloggers ear as he led them along. "Two people enjoying a performance together are hardly likely to draw as much attention to themselves as someone alone. I want to be invisible in the crowd."
The ex-army doctor instantly sobered when his guide paused outside a patients door, and held it open for him. John nodded his thanks and stepped inside.
John sighed and leaned his head into his hands, his elbows resting on the desk. Things were hard right now, but they would get better.
find out the truth. When they do, Ilia, they will come for you, first."
." The world's only consulting detective had a fit worthy of a BAFTA, and a two year old, when John had tried to remove
"I thought you might never say that," Sherlock murmured.
The counselor, Eva, waited until Harry's wails had dissolved into whimpers before she spoke. "When people talk about grief they often use the words 'closure' or 'get over it,' but that's not really an accurate or healthy portrayal of how most people experience grief. It's a chronic condition, not an acute one; that is to say that it doesn't have an end point."
He didn't, but that was hardly relevant. "He was distracting me from my work, I already went over this with Molly almost a week ago, didn't she tell you?"
Laurali leaning her head against Alex's shoulder while she caught her breath. "Yeah, me too."
There was a long silence where the two men stared at each other in a silent battle of wills, before Sherlock leaned down and murmured. "Mrs. Dwight was
A thin, solemn faced young man with dark brown eyes and hair lifted his gaze to John's as he approached the reception desk. His lips twitched for a moment, but then he scanned John's face and opted not to smile. "How can I help you?" He asked softly, once John was in hearing range.
self-destructive," Sherlock countered, his voice quiet in the still room.
Shortly after he'd laid down for the night his left leg seized in a vicious cramp. John had cursed, struggled out of sheets, and stumbled down the steps to the living room. The only way to deal with the night cramps he occasionally got was to walk in slow circles until his muscles admitted defeat.
The memory made John smile and he wiped a hand over his mouth in an attempt to hide it. He'd sat in awe as Sherlock had detailed his deductions and subsequent capture of the killer. When the story was done John hadn't wanted to go straight to bed. He dawdled over the pieces, running his fingers over a knight when Sherlock moved a pawn, loudly clacking it down of the surface of the board. John had glanced up amused and surprised to find a challenge on Sherlock's face.
"Thank you," John replied with a small grin. He was proud of his sister. "They were giving her a hell of a time for a while, some sort of virus that made them turn brown and rot."
"Welcome Home, Papa," Laurali breathed, pulling Sherlock in for fierce hug. Although she was in her ninth month of pregnancy, she was adamant about not being treated as though she were fragile. She was still as strong as ever.
"Yes," Sherlock insisted. "Absolutely certain."
"Yes," Sherlock replied, focusing his steely gaze on Ilia once more. "We have all the details of your friends'…
A sure, victorious grin spread over John's face. "You have a flare for drama, no one doubts that, but that wasn't the only reason you tipped over that coffin today. You
John, who was on his way back to Laurali with water, joined them in the hallway. "We could look after her for the night, if you wanted," he suggested.
"Do you really think that?" John asked, remembering how assured of Harry's demise Sherlock had been in the beginning… but that was before he'd taken up
A sudden strong grip on his arm, tugging him up and out of his seat, broke John's reverie. "Keep up, John."
Five hours later, John was well on his way to Switzerland, and he was still fuming. He had never felt so stupid in his life. He had thought that
drive off without me. I want to see my sister."
John pressed his arms tightly to his sides, fighting the urge to wrap them around himself. It would not protect him.
Mary chuckled softly, and shrugged. "I don't judge."
Laurali arched a delicate eyebrow at her dad. "You know what she's like when she sets her foot down. If she wasn't so set on playing violin she'd have taken Mycroft's position and conquered the world. Speaking of, who's taken over now that Mycroft stepped down?"
Sherlock sat calmly on his sofa and watched Bryan pace the floor. He was young, ambitious, and honorable. He took great pride in his father's work, and saw his father's untimely death as a betrayal or an attack. This much was obvious from the suit Bryan wore, to the way he spoke and held himself. The fact that Sherlock had agitated him only magnified these traits.
John smiled wryly. "The worst. Still, I shouldn't have stepped in your way like that, sorry."
close around John's shoulder and squeezed gently to offer comfort. Sherlock's eyes trailed up the fingers to the arm and the shoulder, and finally the face of Mary Morstan, or so she called herself currently. Sherlock had been thorough in his research. She was a retired special ops agent. She'd worked for many different people and countries before retiring after the death of her husband. Her real name was Rosamund. She had retired shortly after the death of her husband, Sean.
regret not telling Sherlock the truth... He deserved to know, and now it was far, far too late.
work to do."
No. He was not going down that road. He and Sherlock were a closed book. Sherlock did not love him, this was ridiculous. He needed to focus on the case, just the case. John tore his gaze away from Sherlock's and fixed it on the all too familiar door of 221. "Let's just go, I need to get a look at that arm."
The first wife, Jessica Reddington before she married, had perished in a fire that had destroyed the couple's home. Mr. McAndrew had been away at a business meeting at the time, and the subsequent investigation found no signs of arson.
"Nothing," Sherlock murmured, leaning in for a kiss.
"John," Mary's voice was calm and steady, her expression still sad, "You need to calm down."
"Is my dad okay?" the woman asked, glancing momentarily over her shoulder at the car. "He was coming to pick me up." Her words and breathing were strained with pain, but otherwise she was remarkably calm.
Lestrade put on the calmest, most believable smile he could muster. "They were called away to another job," he explained. "Mr. Holmes is a very popular consultant."
Sherlock carefully picked his way towards the main part of the campus, scanning the ground in front of him as he went. He needed a way in that was inconspicuous. No matter how tight security was, once he was inside, if he looked calm, like he belonged there, Sherlock knew he was much less likely to be questioned.
that mad dash had been, how
The pair were accompanied by a sympathetic looking officer with tanned skin and curly brown hair.
John smiled despite himself. Yes, Sherlock would always be Sherlock, and, even now, John wouldn't want him to be anything else. John
woman had no such mark. She's not
John swallowed hard and forced himself not to look away. Sherlock wasn't wrong. Love could be more dangerous than a bullet through the heart, John had seen it happen. He'd
