“I’m not dying,” Cas says firmly. “I’m not going anywhere.” He unlocks the door and pulls Dean forward.
She puts a finishing touch on the bumblebee’s antenna before sitting back in her chair, grinning at the sight of a grown man with a bumblebee taking up half his face. “All done! Want a mirror?”
The lead was from a conspiracy theory group Dean was following on Facebook—the paranormal unexplained, as it were. A member had posted a grainy photo of a pile of rocks in a dark cavern.
his mind clamors. So he would stop saying emotionally-charged, upsetting things to Dean, to stop his tirade of emotions.
get him are the ones where he and Cas can have a peaceful moment alone, hands clutched, letting the day pass away, and not caring about the danger lurking in the corners.
is also manufactured love and destiny crap, Dean”; “Can it, Sam, maybe I just like women having the power to pick whatever shmuck they like”), Sam decides to stay the night on the couch, since Dean apparently needs a babysitter after having a bad date. Dean stays awake past midnight, despite having to work in the early morning. He sits on the floor by Sam’s feet that are dangling over the couch’s armrest.
“We practice,” Cas agrees. His hand twitches, almost on cue. Dean looks down at their hands, inches apart on the couch, like they’re loaded guns.
“Wish that were the case,” Gabriel said, scratching at his forehead, “but Jack doesn’t sense him on Earth either.”
Dean let out a very tired sigh and pushed Jack toward the door. “You go tell Claire that she better start respecting her damn elders before she gets my footprint on her ass.”
“Yeah, good idea. Just don’t burn down the house or anything.” Dean’s joke falls a bit flat, his lips downturn in a frown, but Cas gives it a dry chuckle anyway.
Huffing out a soft laugh, Cas said, “Yes. He’s very happy about that.” He rubbed a finger against the dark circles under his eyes, his expression curious. “I think I’m tired.”
“The portals all disappeared too,” Sam added, coming to sit on the bed next to Claire. “No more demon or angel escapes, thankfully.”
Closing his eyes, Dean thinks, shit. “Yeah,” he grunts out. He remembers every detail. How cold it was that night, unusual for summer, and Cas was more than a little tipsy, stumbling around on the sidewalk while Dean locked up the bar.
<3 thanks for reading, and for everyone who commented, I'm trying to keep on top of the comments because I LOVE communicating with you guys about this story. honestly your interest in it keeps me going and motivated. :)
At first Dean thinks it’s a mistake; maybe Charlie accidentally threw them away. She does clean tables really aggressively. But after a week of a noteless existence, it’s more than coincidence.
Castiel can’t argue with that. He looks away from Dean’s green eyes are imploring. “I suppose that’s true,” he admits.
do a doozy on it,” Gabriel said with a grin, lacing his hands behind his head. “Good job on that, by the way.”
Dean admits, in that quiet moment in their own world, “When I’m with you, Cas, I always feel like I’m going places.”
“Him getting drunk off his ass and doing something stupid?” Dean scoffs. “Of course. Plenty of times.”
He knows that he has less than appropriate feelings for Dean. He knows he can’t act on it. To have Dean this close, and be unable to do anything about it, is breaking him. It’s wholly illogical for Castiel to think that a part of himself is cracked just a fraction every time Dean smiles and touches someone who is not Castiel, but he can’t think of another way to describe it.
Dean stumbled back in surprise as Crowley pushed open the door. He clenched his fists, glaring at Crowley as he sauntered by. “Goddamn son of a bitch,” he growled, knowing that he wouldn’t be heard. He opened the passenger door again and slid into the seat, looking at Cas, who stared despondently down at the mixtape.
“My brother, Sam, tried to be a vegetarian once while he was in college,” Dean says, fiddling with the salt shaker on their table. He grins. “That ended badly.”
Cas glares at him, but it doesn’t hold much anger. “Dean,” he sighs. The man, Dean, winks back at him.
Cas turns; immediately regrets it when he realizes his face is mere centimeters from Dean’s. “Why do you ask?”
“Anna points them out to me sometimes. Cupids just have a less serious air about them. They’re almost obnoxiously cheerful. You just don’t fit that description.” Charlie smiles softly at her sandwich. “Anna is my guardian angel, by the way. Oh, hey! You might know her!”
“I’m over that, okay? You left, whatever, it’s done. But don’t go getting it in your head that you’re some kind of master hunter who knows all the ropes, and won’t get himself killed by a stupid mistake,” Dean says, pointing an angry finger in Cas’ direction.
“It’s for the kids,” Dean shrugs, not looking at him. “They’ve been asking about you for days. Gotta shut them up somehow.”
When Castiel wakes up, he can finally move without pain or exhaustion. He props himself onto his elbow, blinking into the morning sunlight rising in the window.
Dean wasn’t on board for kissing earlier in the night with Lisa, but oh man is he on board for kissing Cas right now. He begins to lean towards Cas, sucked in by Cas’ inevitable gravitational pull.
posting schedule is whenever grad school allows! (hopefully every week or two is my goal) but I have had a pretty good track record of finishing fics in the past few years, so never fear!
Dean ignored the voice. He crouched at the base of the rock pile, reaching his hand toward the inky puddle. The substance seemed to notice his presence as it vibrated just a little faster.
Nodding, Dean tried to keep the worry from his face. “But Gabriel said he’d drop in to check on Jack, right?” Waving his hands, he added, “To do his whole… grace check-up?”
They stay like that, for a few moments—Cas sitting on the railing, legs bracketing Dean in front of him. Dean can hear the sound of Cas’ windchimes taking flight on the warm wind.
Sam turned toward Dean, holding out his hands. “I know he was your friend. He was mine too. But he made his choices. And I know that’s really hard to accept. It’s been hard for
Sam’s phone buzzes in his pocket; he takes it out and grimaces at the screen. “Shit.” He looks up at Dean with his aptly-timed puppy eyes. “I, uh… I forgot to tell you the second part of my plan.”
“Okay,” she announced, plopping onto the edge of the bed by Cas’s legs. “So Jack told me you were probably gonna be bored this afternoon while we go off and do demon hunting stuff, so I brought you a bunch of old man games. Donna’s sitting this hunt out, so maybe she can play with you. She lives for this stuff.”
“Don’t be.” Dean can feel Castiel’s eyes on him, even as he looks away, embarrassed. “That meant a lot. What you just said. Thank you.”
“Two, I like the hands-on work. Not literally, obviously. But spending time with kids is what I want to do, so it’s nice to actually do it once in a while instead of memorizing some dead guy’s theory of child development.”
Or sighing, leaning into Castiel’s neck and smelling his skin, taking in a breath of warm air and letting it out again with a noise of pleasure that he can’t suppress. It’s completely against Dean’s M.O. to make a noise like that, but it still comes out.
Dean eases into the hallway in a fluid movement and leans against the opposite wall. “I enjoyed dancing with you,” he says, raising his eyebrows suggestively.
He tries to remember what has calmed Dean to sleep before. He starts in Dean’s childhood, hears the strains of “Hey Jude” in a distant melody. It would be too intrusive to sing that, it would remind Dean too much of things lost too long ago. But maybe. Maybe something similar.
Dean tries to wrap his brain around that one. “Hm.” Maybe a second piece of lasagna will help him understand. He unceremoniously reaches for the pan.
And all at once Dean stops. He stops and he looks down at the place where Castiel’s fingers are spread. And for the first time since the Ferris wheel lurched into motion, there’s some color in his cheeks. It gives Castiel a bit of hope.
Prompt: "We’re hiding from the authorities and it’s very close quarters in here, I can feel your body against mine."
Dean’s heart speeds up at the sight of it. “Maybe,” he admits, and when Castiel leans in to kiss him again, he doesn’t fight it.
Slowly, Castiel lifts his head. His eyes are bleary as they open. “Dean,” he says, as though he’s surprised to find him there. “What time is it.”
But this is a world where the Darkness has exploded into existence and blotted out the sun. A world where anyone or anything could be corrupted. And Castiel himself was corrupted, up until a few hours ago, when he finally broke through Rowena’s programming and escaped. He doesn’t even know if she didn’t let him go on purpose. She could be tailing him even now. He could be delivering her two Winchesters on a silver platter.
“It’s all right?” Cas’s forehead touches his. They’re breathing into each other, a cycle of warm air.
“Dude,” he says, finally. “Smile. You got your grace back. You’re in full angel mode now. Why do you look like someone ran over a puppy?”
“I’ll… I’ll keep moving,” Cas says, but he sounds like he’s about to pass out, and Dean’s damn worried. How hungry is he, how weak, after not taking care of that body for God knows how long? What if he passes out in the middle of the road, lies there until someone whose reflexes aren’t as good as Dean’s can’t stop their car in time?
“What?” The man in the mask – his neighbor, though a picket fence has kept the two houses separated for years now – cups a gloved hand near his ear. Bees crawl over his fingers and up the side of the mask like they’re trying to find a way in. Dean has the mother of all creeps.
“It’s fine,” he says carefully. “I’ve been brought back too many times already. Maybe it’s best if I just wait for my day to come, and then … rest in peace.”
Anyway. Doesn’t change the fact that you knew you were gonna get your grace sapped out of you through a friggin’ straw. Crowley had the tablet, dude, he had it, you
“And motherfucking supergiants,” Dean says, and tilts his head to catch Castiel’s mouth under his.  After that, Dean stays out for ten more minutes, Castiel snoozing contentedly by his side, and waits for shooting stars. He doesn’t see anything that even begins to compare.
him. If he’d already whirled, the guy ought to be in front of him. But enough. This is a crap situation. Crappy writing just makes it that much worse.
In the hallway of the abandoned house, Dean can hear the vamps pull up in their pickup trucks and start heading toward the front door. He looks around for a hiding place.
And Castiel sits beside him, picks up one of the curling shaves of wood from the floor and twirls it between his fingers. The fireplace casts red light on his face and on the shaving, and a strange curling dark shadow falls on Castiel’s cheek where the wood blocks the light. Dean looks at it until he realizes he’s looking, and he casts his gaze away as quickly as he can.
“Can it, okay?” Dean yells over the sudden howling gust of the wind. “We’re going out fighting, not talking.”
For a moment Castiel looks at him blankly. He doesn’t know where. He can’t let Dean know he’s been sleeping on the floor at the back of the market most nights. (Why he can’t tell Dean this he doesn’t know, but he knows he can’t tell him.) He hasn’t yet decided his answer when he opens the car door and silently gets in. But he can’t stand looking at Dean like that, looking at Dean
“Hurry, Castiel,” Naomi calls, reaching out her hand. She’s brilliantly beautiful beyond the simple aesthetics of her human guise, and his own human heart beats faster with every moment he stares. “Hurry, come home to us. We need you.”
“Why bees?” he asks once the plans are rolled up again and Castiel’s pulling a delicious-smelling lasagna out of the oven.
“Yeah.” Dean lowers his pants leg. “Not the nicest guys. Don’t you have to get some kind of permit?”
Castiel was sweating, his long dark hair matted and damp. His fists clutched the table’s edge, white knuckles trembling a little when Dean probed around the sides of the wound. “Shouldn’t you be a doctor?”
“But now, at least, we do have bodies.” There’s an analytical expression on Castiel’s face, as though Dean were a mildly interesting science project. He slides his hand up and to the side, fingers curling around Dean’s ribcage. Dean feels the handprint as clear as the one Castiel left on his shoulder, not so long ago. “And this body, I’m finding, has needs.”
She wants to be an astronaut. So on her birthday Castiel takes her out to an amusement park all day while Dean has Sam over and the two of them work all day on the room. When Castiel brings her home (after some furtive discussion on his cell phone with Dean), he blindfolds her and leads her up the stairs to her bedroom.
Dean clears his throat. A little of the unwavering confidence leaves his expression. “Look, uh, for what it’s worth, I really wasn’t trying to annoy you.”
Carefully, deliberately, he makes his way around the mess of unconscious and finds his way to where Cas is. “You’re here,” he says lamely. “Hang out a bit.” And now he’s not even listening to his own earlier warning. Has he missed Cas this much? Does he yearn for Cas’s company this badly? When it’s clear Cas doesn’t feel the same way…
“Lie down.” Cas pulls back, and Dean takes in a breath when cool air touches where Cas’s hand was a minute ago. It’s almost like a withdrawal pang, and he moves forward and obeys without thinking, just wanting Cas’s touch back.
“Oh, God, Dean!” Charlie considers throwing something at the screen, but it’d just bounce off and hit her in the face. “Yes, you are!”
Dean does it again later in class, when they’re playing the Party game. In this game, one actor is the host of a party, and other actors enter as “guests” that have a particular quirk. Dean’s quirk has nothing to do with flirting – Castiel later guesses, correctly, that he’s a snake who’s just turned human and has no idea what to do with arms and legs – but that doesn’t stop him getting all up in Castiel’s space, leaning on him and wrapping around him just like a python might. “SSssso ssssexy,” he moons at one point, and Castiel tries in vain to shake him off, then ignores him to attempt a conversation with another party guest. It’s not easy to concentrate with Dean’s chest pressed to his arm, his leg thrust against Castiel’s. This all would be so pleasant if it weren’t right in the middle of class, in front of everybody.
Dean revs the engine and pulls away from the house, and they cruise residential streets, watching the pretty picture-book houses go by. For a while they do so in near-silence. Once Dean puts his hand on the radio dial, then says, “Music?”
“Listen, if it helps, I’m not gonna judge you for it,” Sam offers. “You love who you love. And hey, it’s the 21
Another splash of water, and Castiel watches beneath him as suds and water and dead feathers swirl toward a drain in the floor. “Heh,” says Dean as he steps back and surveys his work. “That’s not bad, though you still look kind of scraggly. I’m gonna try to brush you out.”
But what really caught her attention was the dialogue after that fact was established. Not just the dialogue. What went on between the spoken lines. Like:
too much. Castiel doesn’t want a girl in his bed. He doesn’t really care much about what happens in his bed, to be honest – there are too many books to read and plays to see to spend his time fumbling around an awkward first date – but if there
be calling him Mr. Novak. And they definitely shouldn’t be having drinks together. Still, all he can do is curse his bad judgment and nod.
“I…” Dean can’t lie. “Little of both, I guess. I…” He shrugs. “I dunno what to say. Sorry if I weirded you out.”
“Oh, stop it!” Charlie has to use all her self-control not to slam her head against her tablet in frustration. “Dean’s heart does not skip beats. For crap’s sake!”
Dean Winchester gets up from the couch to face him, and Castiel curses the flame that sears through his gut. “Hello, Dean,” he says, unable to think of anything cleverer to say. This man reduces him to incoherence.
But then there’s the times when the fever’s too much, and he can’t sleep, so he shivers and sweats in that blanket, curling up with it, burying his face in the pillow and gritting his teeth and trying to outlast the pain.
Benny starts, but Charlie gives him the dagger-eye. “I told you, let us handle this.” She turns to Dean. “Look, I get the feeling, but you’re being a bit unreasonable, Dean.”
“Mm-hm.” Dean just manages to nod. His gaze sweeps over Castiel’s lips. Chapped and full and desperately in need of kissing.
The serenity slowly returns to Castiel’s face. “Hopefully, never,” he says. “They contain very powerful magic, and if it’s used wrong…” He sighs. “Just keep them safe, Dean. Keep them where demons can’t find them.”
And Dean throws off the covers again and scowls at him. “I said, quiet!” he says. “You’re gonna wake Sam up.”
This is the part where Dean should clap his back with one hand, all masculine and easy, and then let go. But he’s not. He’s holding on, trying to preserve the closeness for as long as he can, and Castiel’s clinging to him, pressing into him just as urgently. His heart lurches, and even when he closes his eyes, he can’t help but see the truth.
“But here’s the thing I don’t get,” Dean says. “If you’ve got a pet, like a dog or a cat, you can play with them, take them for walks, that kind of thing. What can you do with bees?”
Castiel shifts under his touch, and Dean becomes aware he’s half-hard. He can see the reflection of Castiel’s cock in the chrome of the faucet, and he watches in interest as it fills out. Doesn’t have to be because of Dean. Sometimes you just get hard for no reason. But if it is, Dean has a vague urge to do something about it. Maybe just as a distraction. A cure for all this time.
Sam grins, and Dean gets that sinking just-stepped-into-a-tripwire feeling. “You tell me, dude. Have you guys talked about it?”
“It’s in the body language, dude,” Dean says. He sets his beer bottle on the bar and straightens up, preparing to give a lecture. “It’s the way she was leaning in while you were talking to her. She couldn’t take her eyes off you. And in case you missed it, when she suggested you take her somewhere quieter so you could talk, that wasn’t because she couldn’t hear you.”
“You need to relax, Dean,” Cas murmurs behind him. But that’s all that comes. Dean’s waiting is spiraling down into disappointment.
Doesn’t stop Castiel, in a loose-fitting plaid shirt that was Sam’s in his pre-Gigantor days, from watching Dean load bullets with rock salt for a  good ten minutes before clearing his throat. “Dean.”
And now, a chapter into the new book, and Castiel’s responded in the affirmative to Dean’s calling him a heartless son of a bitch, and demanding that the poor girl Anna has to die, and what happened to the whole scene in the park and Castiel being so almost-nice? This whole thing is not pleasing.
Castiel tries hard not to flush. “I hire you,” he says carefully, “because you’re studying elementary education, and I appreciate the help you can give Claire in addition to looking after her.”
“Thank you.” Castiel lifts a hand, and Dean doesn’t know if he wants a handshake, or if he intends something else. He raises his own hand to meet it. When their palms meet, Castiel looks a little thrown. But Dean holds his gaze steady, claps his other hand over the back of Castiel’s, and holds it there for a long moment. It’s more than a handshake, but it’s not quite holding hands. Whatever it is, Dean’s sad to let it go. But it’s either that or lean in and make his intent known, and he doesn’t want to scare Castiel off.
“Wait a sec,” Dean interrupts. “So you can give him a name that’s not a name just by making sure the name is what he is? What kind of weirdo nonsense logic is that?”
“Leave them,” Dean says. “OK, come on, Cas, They’re a little the worse for wear, but they’re still wings. Maybe they just need a little–” He shrugs. “A little sprucing up.”
“Wow. And all I got out of it were angels and demons.” And possibly a crush. “Shows you what I know.”
“You know what you’re doin’?” he asks, a little hesitantly, when Castiel’s fingers wander across the skin of his ass, easing toward the cleft.
Now Cas is looking at him, eyes round, face sullen. Dean’s heart skids to a jolting stop in his chest. “Seriously?”
When Castiel touches him next, one hand brushing over the back of his thighs, Dean adds another thought to the mix. He has to have me, he thinks. And I’m gonna let him.
Blue eyes burn with knowledge, and Dean wants to know it all too, wants to stare into eyes like that from only inches away. He wants to see what this man saw that prompted this torrent of electric language. Dean’s not just impaled on  these words, he’s crucified on them. He lies prone on the altar of this poet whose soul he wants, more than badly, to see.
Only seconds now, and never in his many, many years have seconds gone by so slowly. They’re letting him go. His home needs him. Heaven needs him.
He feels the even rise and fall of Castiel’s breaths, and he knows by now that means Cas is thinking. His nerves rattle, and he worries now that maybe he’s said the wrong thing. But when Castiel turns in his arms, he’s still looking at Dean like he’s the only thing in the universe.
“Dean, I don’t know where I am,” Cas says. “It’s dark and… and I’m at a gas station and I’m hungry–”
His wings unfurl slowly in the small room. Before, they would have been lush, filling the room with the rustle of feathers. Now, they are weak, skeletal. Castiel cringes with shame even as he allows them to unfold. It’s like being naked, even worse than being human. Not even the rotting corpses of angels have wings this decrepit. He’s more loathsome than a dead man.
The story shifts to Dean’s POV, then Sam’s, and the story unfolds.The scenes with Dean and Alistair break her heart, but she manages to keep reading without recoiling or feeling ill until she gets to a scene with Sam and Ruby that she will forever think of as
“Ah!” Castiel’s face lights up. “So I see. Pardon me. I’m not good at getting to know my neighbors. I tend to keep to myself when I’m not working, you see.”
In the morning, Castiel wakes up and they’re tangled together, arms and legs everywhere. He pulls away and turns over, because Dean wouldn’t like to wake up like this. They’re not supposed to touch afterward. Those are the rules.
But when Castiel seizes up and climaxes, he trembles, and he whispers Dean’s name as the shudders wrack him, and Dean hears it as the desperate cry of a drowning man looking for a savior.
“No, Dean.” Castiel sounds puzzled that he even asked. “Why would I travel so far for the sake of a possiblity? When all I want… when the reality is here.” He pauses. “When you are here.”
(Was. Fuck knows if Benny’s innocent anymore, and Dean figures that’s his damn fault, too. If he’d only been able to keep Martin away from him. If only he’d… done something.)
Sam laughs. “I don’t mean that… though, you know, if…” His face screws up for a second, and he has to shake himself out of it. “Point is, Cas… he needs you. He always has. You’re the one guy who can get through to him right now. He won’t listen to me, because he doesn’t understand where I’ve been for the past year. But you… did you see his face when you came back? Cas, you’re something to him. I don’t know what, but… I never saw him look like he does whenever you show up.” He sighs. “The point is… You’re good for him.”
Even after he’s able to get up, there’s so much he has to get used to. His body feeling dirty under the same clothes day after day, for example. For the first time in a long time, he changes clothes. (Plaid looks frighteningly good on him – another sign he’s meant to be a hunter, he points out in one of his attempts at humor. He gets twin grimaces; Sam at least forces a smile for a moment.) His body wears down long before he expects it to, and he keeps asking “Am I sick? Am I dying?” The answer is, inevitably, “No, you’re just human.”
The cock of Dean’s shotgun is pretty much affirmation of that. Stiles starts to shake. Hard. There’s no way he can hold these guys off.
“I’m not saying you have to be or do anything in particular. I mean… I don’t know just what it is between you guys…” Sam shakes his head. “It’s not even worth thinking about, really. But you do need to be with him. Especially now. Especially when that vampire is trying to do God knows what, and Dean’s gonna go along with it, because he thinks that’s all he knows how to do.”
“Hey, I didn’t say I’d charge you!” Now Dean’s excited about the idea, and he’s not keen to see it shot down in flames. “Materials can’t be much, and I need a hands-on project. Something to keep me busy. When my brother was around we used to work on old cars together. He went off to get his master’s now and I’m stuck here alone, and my home don’t need any more improvin’.” He shoots Castiel his best smile. “What do you say? Worst that happens, you get a fence around your garden to keep the other critters out, even if the bees slip through.”
Never mind the problem she has with the stupid “And yet” and the stupid ellipses. This writer is freaking baiting her, and she doesn’t like it one bit.
All of a sudden this story is not just about Dean and Sam anymore. Sure, it’s mostly about them, but now there’s someone else in the mix who makes Charlie’s heart hurt when she thinks about him. It’s just that unlike Dean and Sam, she hasn’t actually met him before. Hell, she doesn’t even know for sure that he’s real.
“What—what—what do you want me to say to that?” Dean clenches and unclenches his hands several times, like he’s trying to grasp something that keeps slipping away. This is too much. Too much anytime and anywhere, but especially too much here, with Bobby and Charlie and all the rest of them looking on.
“Idiot,” Charlie said again. “The rounds didn’t do anything, the knife’s not gonna…” But her mind was whirling already on the
Castiel winces. The words hit him like a condemnation, and, ashamed, he begins to curl his wings inward again, shying away from this awful exposure.
“Can we get the guy some freakin’ help already?” Dean snaps. “What’s the matter with you? Get him in the car.”
Dean’s heart slams into his ribs, and a deep warning bell sounds within him. “Yeah,” he says quickly, “yeah, same here. We worry about you when you’re out flying solo. Hope you’re taking care of yourself.”
A song sung in a low voice, a note or two hummed over and over, and it calms Dean’s breathing as surely as it speeds up his heart.
“If that’s all right,” Castiel responds, and Dean nods dumbly. He goes to the driver’s side, gets in, and drives the three of them back toward the bunker, listening the whole time to his heart beating out a drum solo and glancing at Castiel in the rear view mirror. He has a thousand new questions, now, but he thinks he’ll like the answers a lot better.
Not like it’s a big deal. Cas probably doesn’t know what to do with it anyway. Dean could just show him. Just because.
She has to take a long walk after that book, to clear her head, to decide if she wants to keep reading. Fiction has crossed over into uncomfortably real territory, and she’s having trouble holding onto her own sanity. Every time she thinks about what Dean went through, she wants to break down and cry.
“I wanted to wait until our options were totally open,” Dean says, as though it’s the most obvious impulse in the world. “What if you had a craving to get married in Georgia? Or a cowboy-themed wedding in Texas? We could say ‘yee-haw’ instead of ‘I do.’”
Dean wonders why he doesn’t back away. Why he’s let Castiel find him like this, half-dressed and alone, and why he didn’t protest when Cas first reached out to touch him. “Welcome to Meat Suits 101, dude,” he says. “Bodies need things. You get hungry, you get tired…”
Dean isn’t expecting that. He tries to shrug it off. Patting Sam on the shoulder, he heads for the door.
Cas is getting a little better, and Dean and Sam hustle to finish the decorating so when he finally comes downstairs tomorrow morning for his first full breakfast in a week, he’ll be pleasantly surprised. After Sam’s gone to bed, Dean’s still finishing laying the string of lights across the mantel, into the wee hours of the night.
“Do you want to fuck me like this?” he asks, and his own voice is raw with need. Gabriel is hard in his kitschy boxer shorts, and Dean’s body goes hot thinking about that cock in him,  silken panties raked down to his thigh. He switches positions, going to all fours. “Or like this?” He stretches like a lazy cat.
I never waited during a long night. I never whispered anything embarrassing into a dark room, the kind of thing I’d never admit to saying. I never put my head in my hands or knocked back a bottle because I couldn’t stand to face it all alone.
She reads it slowly, drinking in every word, and halfway through she finds her eyes are too watery to make out the letters. Sniffling, wiping her eyes with the back of her arm, Charlie forces herself to read on. Because this… this explains so much about how Dean, the real Dean, is, why he is so laden with guilt, why she has looked at him sometimes and seen a man carrying the weight of a thousand worlds on his shoulders. This must be real. This must have happened. She’s seen it written on his face long before she read it here.
Dean watches the color in his cheeks. Irritation claws at him. “Was it?” he says, a scoff of disbelief in the words.
Castiel gives him a scathing look and insists on serving him. Dean sits back, chastened, worrying he’s broken some unspoken rule of politeness. “But in terms of activities,” Castiel says, “there’s always the honey.”
She has to giggle at the recursion, and is dreadfully sorry she’s not in a laundromat as she reads about Dean sitting in a laundromat reading about himself sitting in a laundromat, but the stuff with Sam and Lilith worries her. A lot. As the brothers continue to fight fate, and continue to lose, her amusement fades to concern. She’s been reading about this battle with Lilith for a long time, and the only times Lilith has actually shown up, disaster has followed. Not to mention that she doesn’t quite trust Sam to keep it in his pants when she does show up, given what Chuck’s predicted and what she’s read so far. She gets the whole lack of a mother figure and needing to feel in control Freud psychobabble that’s clearly behind Sam’s women choices, but he needs to take a vow of celibacy, stat. For the world’s sake.
Aaron wrinkles his nose. “No way. Marvin’s not even a Jewish name. It’s a… a paranoid-android name.”
“Oh, my God,” Charlie said, slapping her hands over her mouth to keep from cackling wildly. “Oh, my God, oh my God Dean, Dean, you’re totally crushing on him!”
Dean crawls up beside him, draws a hand up his spine. Castiel ripples under his touch, cries his name again. Dean can feel the vibrations, rolling up beneath Castiel’s skin. He breathes, shallowly, in time with Castiel’s own inhalations. “Cas,” he murmurs. “God, Cas, I–”
Castiel comes home from the office at 10:30. He’s stressed and weary, but glad to be home. He sets his briefcase by the door, shrugs off his coat, and heads into the living room. At last, the day is done.
Dean takes a few easy strides, grinning, and comes just an inch too far into Castiel’s personal space. “You have an okay night?” he says. “Looks like you could use a drink.”
He collapses again, unable to keep his muscles steady, and he grabs, pulls at Dean’s hand. Dean lets himself be pulled, collapses onto the bed beside Cas and takes him into an embrace. Cuddled into Castiel’s body, he rocks him, holds him steady as the vibrations roll through his body. Castiel wrenches and thrashes in his arms, cries out, grabs his shoulders and holds on for dear life. His cock is hard, and Dean’s rocking against it with his own, unthinking, lost in the sensation of warmth and buzzing intensity so close to him.
One Hebrew exorcism (and some furniture breakage) later, Dean picks up some Manischevitz and invites the duo back to the hub for a drink.
Cas’s breath stutters in his sleep, but then he relaxes, more peaceful in slumber than he has been in a very long time.
Luís says a few words and a few prayers, giving the best service to the poor kid that he can offer. They bow their heads and remove their hats, barely listening to the words as they mull in their own thoughts. Dean is late with his amen, cuing him to take up his shovel again and bury the kid.
Cas doesn’t believe Charlie until he sees the photo on Charlie’s tablet and the history on the blood pressure monitor itself. He takes Charlie’s tablet again, peering at the cuff around Dean’s arm and how the man in question is staring off to the side, mouth open mid-sentence and eyes squinted fondly.
Stepping inside the Haven Hotel, Castiel was greeted with a cloud of smoke, and he briefly considered if he preferred the heat outside. He scrunched his face as the stench first assaulted him before he steeled his expression and continued forward. Why anyone in their right mind would purposefully create such an uninhabitable environment such as this in this heat was beyond him.
Cas looks to the front, biting his lip as if to quell his amusement. “If that’s the case, then you’re very welcome, Dean.”
, the stampede startles and turns fully north. Though it’s nowhere near finished, Dean’s confidence swells slightly at the realization that he’s got this under control, that this is something they can still handle without casualties. He’s only dealt with a few stampedes before in his lifetime, but keeping the herd running in circles is only possible with all hands on deck.
Shaking his hands out, flicking droplets of water onto his front and onto the mirror, Castiel leaned against the counter for support and sighed deeply. Everything he’d been attempting to bury was being unearthed all at once — Castiel didn’t know whether he should let himself give in.
Life back at the ranch is… surprisingly regular. Dean attends to all the chores he had taken care of before this entire mess had started, and spends a lot of time fixing up the buildings that had been destroyed from the demon raid all those months back. It’s repetitive work, and it keeps Dean’s mind blissfully occupied.
Benny is talking, but Dean barely understands what he’s saying, nodding absently as if in agreement. At some point, he had wandered to sit back on his sofa, moulding himself to the cushions while listening to Benny. Dean absently wonders why Benny doesn’t seem more distraught over the situation, or if that’s merely an effect of the pain medication.
“Playing hard to get, huh?” Humming with content, the stranger leaned in closer, drawing the rest of the saloon even farther away. Castiel could smell the sting of alcohol on his breath, the wear of leather on his clothes. “Alright,” he said, “I can work with that.”
Then, it’s the sulphur. He catches a whiff of it off the evening breeze, threatening for the storm to draw closer. Dean recognizes the smell, now. It’s the same stench that crept into Santa Fe, the same stench he detected in the San Miguel chapel. He knows better now. He knows better, knows that it
He’s about to open his mouth, ask more questions about what’s happened since the raid, but he’s stopped with the scratchy dryness in his throat — in fact, the sensation almost feels to extend beyond just his throat. Pay-ati gestures for him to stay silent.
“Dark and mysterious, I’d beg you as the type,” Charlie wheezes. Dean shoves her so that she almost spills her own bait.
Dean knows that Missouri, as his psychologist, is aware of his history—the growing up under a certain John Winchester, the prioritizing of Sammy over his own wellbeing—and she knows
It’s a brief affair, happening as he’s hopping around his desk and collecting his gear because he forgot that he’s scheduled for the Neutral Buoyancy Lab in twenty minutes. Garth is still showing Castiel around, but he’s resorted to teasing Dean as Castiel stands awkwardly between them.
There’s only a few clouds in the sky, obscuring the view of a few constellations, but there’s just enough moonlight that Dean can see the tiny figure of Joe in the distance get up and ride out to his post on the opposite side of the herd, freeing Luis for supper and bed. He ambles along the outskirts of the bed ground, lingering for moments at a time.
“Oh, God no, please call me Mary.” She hovers a hand over her mouth. “Shit. Should I not be swearing in front of you? Oh. I just did it again, didn’t I?”
Castiel turns to cautiously look at Dean’s eyes; the bind around his lungs loosen when he sees recognition in them. “Dean,” he says again, hoarsely, voice barely letting forth a sound.
(also, this chapter is split into two - hopefully it'll make sense why i did that while you're reading. so enjoy the extra long chapters!)
“And I cross-referenced the blog post and found a website deeply encrypted. I had Charlie hack into it; turns out it was a chat room for people like Faith. Where to kill, what places were compromised, things like that.”
He can’t even look at Cas; the vice around his heart contracts too painfully. He adjusts gears as they round a curve in the road with a little more force than necessary. “This time doesn’t have to be different.”
“Oh, look at the time. Gotta go to work, bye Sammy!” The clatters the cell phone to the counter as Dean drops it and pushes the red hang-up button on the screen hastily. Last thing he needs is a heart-to-heart conversation with Sam about the sorry state of their father.
As May predicted, people began filling the stands within the next few minutes. Dean leads Cas to one of the bleachers toward the top of the stands. It’s a better view to survey the audience and the whole field. Jerry and Jari sit only a few stands below them; they nod and smile as Dean and Cas walk by.
Cas shakes his head. He couldn’t even begin to explain the oddity of his and Faith’s conversation. Something about it made him feel… exposed. “I don’t think it’s nothing.”
“Sounds like you’ve been hit by the dreaded Dean Winchester curse!” another voice chimes, tinny as if far away.
Yeah, if he had to stay in that house with Castiel one more minute with his inappropriate thoughts and memories of his drunk father, he would probably go crazy. Or do something that would probably make Heaven smite him with a giant lightning bolt.
Castiel throws his phone aside and increases his speed, taking two stairs at a time. He sees a group of men all huddled around one broken one. He jumps at the back of one of the men, barely slowing his sprint, knocking him to the ground.
Cas pulls away. He props himself up on his elbow and looks up at Dean, who’s chewing his lip in thought, getting that faraway look he gets when he’s thinking.
"And a picnic, too. We gotta do a picnic on Baby's hood. Sammy and I used to do it all the time, when we went fishing. We can get burgers from that diner you liked a couple weeks back."
“So why does Heaven take soulmates so seriously?” Dean asks as he deposits a plate of burger and fries in front of Castiel.
Castiel huffs, his breath making soft tendrils into the crisp autumn air. He’s been kicked out before. One time he said something wrong to Claire about a boy who had just broken her heart (“He wasn’t as special as you think, Claire”) and she kicked him out to the front yard. He didn’t mind; his grace kept him warm and he didn’t think much of it.
It was like a candle got blown out. Cas straightened his back, his face smoothing out into something unreadable. “I’ve learned more human manners,” he agreed. “Goodnight.” He turned, walking to the doorway.
Dean frowns, pulling on his jacket. Truth is, he doesn’t care. He’s not even thinking about the food, which is a frightening first. There’s just something about the house, about the fake marriage that they’ve created, that is both so great yet so repressing that Dean feels like he needs to strike a sense of balance again. Get into Baby, drive some miles with Cas beside him, like it used to be.
Dean tilted his eyes toward the sky, following Cas’s gaze. He now saw the dome that surrounded and contained them. The storm clouds were pushing against it, flashing blue against the barrier. If Dean squinted, he could see tiny, spidery cracks forming, like ice cracking against the pressure.
“Have you told him yet how you feel?” When Dean shook his head, Sam shrugged. “Maybe you’re using this whole human thing as an excuse to not talk to him, because you’re—incorrectly—thinking that he’ll blame you.”
Castiel sits in the chair adjacent to the bed, bristling. “I won’t have you getting hurt on my watch again, Dean,” he snaps. “Not for the last few hours I’m in your employment.”
Castiel licks his dry lips; manages to nod his head. Dean frowns, and goes to the closet to withdraw a quilt, putting it gently over Castiel’s body. Mary stands behind him, watching the scene, lips twisted disapprovingly. Dean sits in the chair and reaches out to smooth over Castiel’s hair, then adjusting the wayward collar of his shirt. Mary sighs and leaves the room.
Dean turns the page to where the spine is most bent. The pages are especially creased in this section and have a weird scratchy feel to them that the rest of the pages don’t, making Dean wonder if Cas or Sam had accidentally splashed water on this particular page. But then his eyes wander to where the words are underlined, circled, highlighted, and his breath stutters.
A bigger man peeled away from the group, as though he sensed Dean’s plans, grabbing him by the jacket and yanking him to the forest floor.
Picking up his pile of books, Cas says, “I was thinking that perhaps we should contact Sam, ask him if he has any new leads or information.”
“Dean.” Cas stops, grabbing Dean’s arm and turning him. “This won’t work if you refuse to take me seriously as a hunter.”
Castiel clears his throat. Sets the glass down on the table and taps the bottle of alcohol. “My turn to drink.”
Dean breaks the stare and abruptly chugs his shot, slamming the glass onto the coffee table. “All right,” he says, the alcohol barely affecting him as a seasoned drinker, “my turn. Why did you get demoted?”
“All right.” Dean catches sight of Cas’ frowning face, lip bitten in thought, as Dean turns to back Baby out of the driveway. “You know, grappling with technology has been one of the hardest things about becoming human.”
Dean hunts for sandwich materials and spreads them onto the counter. “When’s the last time you ate?” he asks.
Dean knows he could wake up with Cas like this every morning: slowly, gently, lovingly. It’s what scares him the most.
“Sure.” Dean took a fortifying gulp of beer, waving a hand. “Things getting too competitive in there?”
thanks for sticking with this fic, guys. i'm going to be posting regularly on Sundays from here on out, so expect updates then! :)
‘Smothering’. That’s what Cas said he does, when they had their big fight before Cas left. Dean has it in writing too, tucked away in his pocket, just to confirm it. Dean
NOTE: I haven't had any nsfw or sexy times in this fic so far, but this chapter contains very very light description of sexual acts. If that's not your cup of tea,
“You try a gun, I’ll try a knife.” Cas deftly pockets his gun in his back jeans pocket and yanks his silver blade from his jacket.
“And you’re sure it’s still there?” one of the boys asked in a not-subtle whisper. His friend jabbed him in the side, shushing him. “
Dean’s abruptly in Castiel’s space, pointing a finger fiercely in his direction. “You’re not trying to ‘
“Hey!” Eileen threw the book she was holding toward the two of them; it landed between the brothers’ feet. Both turned to look at her with open mouths. “
“Oh, they’re not too much at all. I loved meeting them,” Cas says sincerely. “Especially your mother.”
Cas blinks. He decides in that moment that he can’t keep up with humans’ shuffling conversations. “Oh?”
Castiel smacks a styrofoam cup onto Dean’s desk. Drops of cold coffee spring to liberate themselves through the plastic lid’s opening. “You forgot this.”
There was a time, before his grace was depleted to a withering flame, that he could sit in negative thirty degree wind-chill and feel nothing. Now he’s wearing a flimsy windbreaker that barely encases his torso and shivering from the Midwest September chill.
Cas gasps, and Dean swallows the sound with his lips. Every nerve in him feels like a firecracker ready to burst. In all his life, he’s never been so focused one one human being, on one beautiful, devastating, terrifying ex-angel sprawled underneath him.
It does little to stop the anxiety from swirling in his gut, but Dean nods anyway. “‘kay. Let’s go find the Jerrys.”
"You're really okay with just staying home the whole weekend?" Dean asks on Saturday night, during one of their 'cuddle sessions' on the couch (as Dean refers to it).
Dean snaps his gun to attention, holding it at chest-height. Cas mirrors him. They both stare, tense, waiting for their eyes to adjust, as the shape rises. To Dean’s eyes, it’s amorphous and hardly human—unless humans can have four limbs on either side of their body and no evidence of a neck. It begins to move slowly, unnaturally toward them.
The double doors of the school are barely pushed open when Dean’s stupid mouth decides to blurt, “Did I freak you out?”
“Well that’s your damn opinion. I’m done talkin’ about it.” Dean shoulders past Cas and into the kitchen.
“Well, I’ll go too,” Dean declares, whipping around and unlocking the door, as per his original plan. “Cas can call another one of our hunter guys, help him out. You’ll need back up on this one.”
Dean and Cas were most alone that whole month, since Eileen and Sam were in and out with hunts, busy with the influx of demon activity. They hadn’t even spent every moment together, which Dean hadn’t even minded. With all the time they had, there was no rush. Cas could read a book in the library while Dean polished guns in the armory, meeting a few hours later to have a quiet dinner together. They could watch a movie in Dean’s self-appointed man cave, kissing lazily until the credits rolled. They could fall asleep next to each other in the same bed one night, then sleep separately the next. It was calm. Unhurried.
Wordlessly, Cas firmly places the phone onto the nightstand and turns his head to capture Dean's lips again with his. It's less gentle than before, with something urgent buried inside of it.
Fumbling his hand in his pockets, Castiel feels a couple of quarters leftover from when he bought the mug that morning. That damned
Castiel steps out into the warm air; the bell on the door that announces his departure is less obnoxious now. He unlocks his bike, adjusting the kickstand, wincing at the creak of the rust on the metal.
Ok my friends. There are brief mentions to alcoholism in this chapter (John's alcoholism). If anyone wants additional info about this, just message me. But nothing in this story will be too graphic or in depth. It's just something Dean has to deal with, and by proxy, the readers hear about it too.
Dean drops Castiel’s arm. He looks like Castiel just dropped an anvil on his head. Castiel would laugh at the expression if the situation wasn’t so horrifying.
“If you feel so much pity for him, why don’t you talk to him?” Dean asks, slightly wincing in anticipation of Sam losing his temper at the question.
Sam’s voice calling for Cas breaks his reverie. He follows Sam’s beckoning gesture up the porch and through the door.
“Huh? Oh. Yeah.” The man playfully jostles the cat, eliciting a low meow. “She gets into the back of the shelves where all those dangerous tools are, and I have to make sure she doesn’t cut her own head off.”
“Dean,” Sam snaps. It makes something in Dean’s head attach onto the sound, making him focus. “You’re rambling, okay? I need to know what happened.”
“Cas.” Dean sounds more serious now, so Castiel lowers his hands to look at him. Dean is frowning at him intently, one hand still on his leg. “You’ve had it tough lately. With all that Claire stuff you told me about, and then being demoted… you need a day off. So, today it’s just going to be fun. No cupid stuff. Just you and me, two friends, hanging out. How does that sound?”
Cas peeks up at Dean, his hair sticking wildly in every direction and his lips pursed into a pout. "I'm not ‘always moody’.”
With a shake of his head, Cas clutches Dean’s hands tighter to his coat. “I’m not convinced anymore. I think this monster, and any of its kind, has spent most of its life keeping hunters from knowing what it truly is. I’m beginning to think it may not be documented.”
just a disclaimer: this chapter is really sad. even by my standards. and has some abusive John Winchester in it - if that's triggering or an issue, feel free to skip this interlude (don't worry, I don't touch on John's abuse in detail again in this story)
It was his second year with her; she was obstinately fighting her foster mother during the whole morning and car ride to the school. After her foster mother drove away in a huff, Castiel appeared by Claire’s side and carefully touched her shoulder. She kept her eyes forward, glaring at the bricked building.
“I know there’s bad people on both sides,” Dean says, words rushing forward. “I just wanted to… I dunno. Be one of the good guys. Be brave.”
“Not just the underwear, sport,” Gabriel says, sounding insulted. “The whole ensemble was carefully picked out. You should see yourself.”
“I don’t understand,” Castiel says. “You’re in college. There are so many places you could find–” It’s too embarrassing for him to say the word. “Why me?”
“Then you need to keep moving. You need to find a place that’s open, you need to find out where you are and you need to call me back.” It’s hard and maybe cruel, but Dean can’t help him until he knows where he is to help, and right now he’s got Sam to worry about.
The questions flash by in his mind. What is he doing, what is he thinking, how can this happen? But the answers are all right there. Dean can taste them on Cas’ lips, along with something so sweet and soft that Dean might just melt. He keeps tasting, not willing to let it go for even a moment.
By halfway through the second beer, they’re both nice and relaxed. Dean leans back and wrinkles his brow in a frown. “You know,” he says, “you could probably pay a high school kid to babysit Claire for half what you pay me. So I gotta wonder, why do you keep hiring me?”
“I just wanted to say I’m sorry,” Castiel says. “For whatever it is that I did that made you– that meant I had to leave. I’m not asking to come back,” he adds quickly. “I’m not asking for forgiveness, or help. I just wanted you to know that I’m sorry.”
And it makes her think about destiny, and causality loops, and the sort of thing that Doctor Who plays with in terms of fixed points in time. It always had to happen, didn’t it? Their mom dying, the two of them becoming hunters. She wonders how much of her own life had to happen. Was she always destined to grow up with a mom who couldn’t hold her, who couldn’t open her eyes to tell her that she was loved? Even if she had a time-traveling angel on her side, was Charlie always going to end up alone?
Castiel leaves the class all keyed up and ready to punch something. He shouldn’t let Dean get to him, but he can’t help it. His heart pounds whenever he thinks about Dean, and even now, in the midst of his anger, he wants, more badly than he’s ever wanted anything. If Dean would just stop teasing him long enough to look at him and truly understand. He ducks into a side hallway, narrow and dark, and leans heavily against the wall, fist clenched.
“Holy frak,” Charlie says, cupping a hand over her mouth. Suddenly she can’t think of this as just an interesting story anymore. She’d let herself fall into that trap over the past few books, what with the wishing well and the gratuitous sex scenes. But this… what Dean’s talking about here… it’s more than she can handle.
anything about Sammy right now. It’s all guessing and hoping and praying things aren’t as bad as they could be. Well. He knows one thing. He knows everything’s not all right. How could it be?
“Three–” And Dean stops, smirking slightly and shaking his head. “Hey, can I call you Cas? Castiel’s long, and it feels dumb to call you Mr. Novak if we’re having drinks together.”
Dean doesn’t think much of that, because they’re all tired and feeling like crap and it’s that kind of night, the one where things just spill out of you without your meaning to say it. But he does mind when he’s woken up the next morning by Cas’s voice.
Dean grins like the cat that got the cream — not even the scorching sun on their backs can extinguish his good spirits.
Clicking his tongue, Crowley busied himself with the short task of preparing Castiel’s drink. Castiel knew he should eat something if he wanted to do his job properly, but he wasn’t sure if he could. A glass was slid over to him, and Castiel was left alone.
As if sensing that he was being stared at, the stranger paused. He tilted his head and then turned to face the window, staring back as if he could see the bright blue eye from even that distance.
When Dean still doesn’t answer, Sam gets up, knees popping, and heads back to the camp. Dean reaches for another swig of his firewater, frustrated at how it barely burns anymore as it trickles down his throat. He ends up standing a few minutes later, heading over to the weakening fire.
Despite being outgoing and eager to meet the rest of his crew, Dean finds himself constantly gravitating toward Cas: even when he’s chatting with someone else, preparing for the quick landing ceremony they’ll conduct before Dean and Cas can get settled in, he’ll glance to the side, seeking out Cas and catching his eye. Sometimes, Cas looks back, and Dean always rewards him with a wide smile.
Dean’s about to argue, his mouth open and ready to retort, when he laughs loud and clear instead, startling Cas into a look of offense and mild concern. Before he can become too upset, however, Dean waves him off, trying to level himself once again.
About a week after he first crawled to Cas’s room, he finds himself barred at the entrance, Sam standing in front of the door like a bodyguard. This time, Dean’s meager excuses of taking over nurse duty don’t fly.
“Whose demons are we talkin’ about now?” Charlie barges in, thank the heavens. Dean shoots his brother a dirty look before shifting to allow his friend some space.
Though his shirt—while unbuttoned—remained on his arms, sleeves rolled up, Castiel felt the bed frame creak under his weight as shifted onto the bed behind Dean. Everything about Dean was enticing. Every once in a while, a break in the clouds would have moonlight streaming in through the window, bathing Dean’s skin in a softened light; unable to resist, fascinated by the little sounds Dean was already making by putting on a show, he lightly set his hands on the man’s waist, leaning down to caress that golden skin with his lips and breathe in his scent.
Castiel was a good man. He listened dutifully in mass, he recited the psalm for the entire congregation. Yet, as he rubbed a bead from his rosary between his thumb and his index finger, memorizing its texture as a desperate means of distraction, he found himself wondering if the Father ever left the whitewashed adobe walls of the chapel with the rest of the town.
Most of the time, Dean ends up visiting Impala and Bee at the livery at which they’re staying. Impala is overjoyed to see her master and almost topples him over in her excitement, and Dean is more than content to spend hours tending to their coats and hooves. Bee at least recognizes Dean, and perhaps it’s the scent of Cas on his clothes, but the Arabian—shy as he is—ends up gently nuzzling against Dean as he tediously brushes out his mane.
Dean isn’t worthy to love (and perhaps to be loved by) Castiel, for he loves him far too much to condemn him to his side.
“You’re leaving in a week,” she tells him, as if the news hasn’t been ringing through his head at every waking moment. “Off this planet, away from humanity. I know you can be adaptable, Dean, but you’ve been up there once before. It’s different. Back then, you knew Benny. Now, you’re sharing almost everything about your life with five other people you barely had the opportunity to know beforehand. All we’re trying to do is make it easier on you: both you
voice that seemed to be Dean’s breaking point, and he couldn’t do anything but watch in awe as the handsome stranger rode out his orgasm on top of Castiel.
“You knew,” he says without thinking. “About the demons, about…” Padre Abascal nods when he trails off.
While sleeping in microgravity is definitely an experience like nothing else, Dean is tired and the sleeping bag is warm and soft, so it doesn’t take him too long to fall unconscious.
“Damn, I wish the service was better up here,” Dean whines, a smile dancing on his lips nonetheless. His screen has a crunchy image of Blondie wandering back and forth over a lap, purring and nuzzling into the hand that occasionally comes into view.
“If you’re gonna act like that when I compliment you, I should start complimenting you all the time,” Dean says.
Not only that, but in a sense, Dean is the one who killed the White Bandit. Without his powers as a phoenix, without immortality—as infamous as the pseudonym is—the West will not have the silent but bold protector they did for all these years. No longer will there be stories like his, like Cassy’s from the bar in Santa Fe…
One of the millions upon billions of strange and wondrous things about space is that it is timeless.
“You’re alright, sweetie,” Mary shushes him, trying to keep him still. Dean can’t move from where he’s standing, like he’s rooted into the very floorboards. Pay-ati is off to the side, working quickly to make the healing concoction Dean had been on, and Mary is calming the restless man, brushing his hair from his face and holding his shoulders down. “You’re safe; everyone’s safe.”
glad you’re okay,” Dean ends up babbling, words tumbling from his lips as it dawns on him that Cas is awake, he’s going to be alright. “You were out for so long, and I wanted to have faith in you—
When the stranger started down the boardwalk and threatened to drift out of sight, Castiel left his bible and rosary behind and followed in suit.
Dean pauses, letting the pen rest upon the page. He’s brought his limited personal belongings into his sleep station, and though he’s not entirely unpacked, he has his laptop out and his leather journal pressed against it. Looking to the side, he stares at the closed sleeping station directly across from his own, which is left slightly ajar.
“We are not very… compatible together,” Cas admits when Dean finds him by chance in the Cupola. “Because the decision to send me up to this station was late in the process, there wasn’t an opportunity to assign me a more ideal crew.”
Dean almost wants to laugh at the irony, having recalled some of Pay-ati’s background now that he’s got little else to do: Pay-ati’s name means ‘
a traitorous part of Dean’s brain brings up. Shaking himself to stop that train of thought, he picks up Benny’s experiment and guides it into the station.
“Oh,” Dean says. And then, feeling the need to justify himself: “I- I just thought: what a better time than now? To bring my camera? There’s so many moments and scenes to capture and immortalize with such a rare opportunity.”
end up showing Garth the ropes, despite how everyone else in the drive saw Garth’s desperation as groveling and being a suck-up… though, it’s mainly because of how often Rufus complains about being too old to be going on cattle drives anymore that he acquiesces. At the moment, Rufus is content to let Garth do all the grunt work while he lays against a wheel of the chuckwagon, playing on his old blues harmonica.
“That means you’ve done it to yourself?” Castiel shrugs. “Then can’t you just hand me some? Save us both the trauma.”
“You think you’d like it if you were just sitting there and I come up with out warning and drop one on you like that?”
And they drink, because they’re safe. Because they’re understood, and because Dean’s never once felt like he’s flying and coming home at the same time, but there he is.
All this he hears, and what he feels is a whole-body prickle, as though through that one touch he’s still, forever, being given another gift.
Castiel can’t help but meet his eyes now, try to read him. Dean’s smile is wide and easy, and he’s leaning in, his shoulders angled toward Castiel. Castiel’s not the best with body language, but this signifies undeniable interest, and after all the nights of staring and wanting he’s not sure how to handle this change of heart.
It isn’t until Castiel’s straightened up, until his back is pressed flat against Dean’s chest and Dean’s riding his thigh in earnest, that Dean dares open his eyes. When he does, it’s all flushed shoulder and craning neck in front of him, clean and glistening, and the fog lifts from his brain in a rush. He’s here, Cas is here, they’re riding each other’s fist and thigh and they’re pressed together and it’s hot and they’re moaning and and
His head swims. All around him there’s nothing but noise, so much noise that there’s nothing else he can concentrate on but hearing them.
Dean shakes himself alert. He was so lost in the brief fantasy that he didn’t even notice the guy coming up to him. He sits up straight, then realizes that’s not enough and stands.
“Cas,” he says, but the line is dead. Cas is gone. And the sky is starting to darken, which means there’s no angels left in heaven for him to pray to that Cas doesn’t get himself killed out there.
So Dean and Sam find Castiel by the highway and take him in and Dean’s hustling the two of them back to the Men of Letters HQ when he hears Castiel say something he didn’t say. That is, Dean looks at Cas and says “I don’t think that’s true,” and Castiel says, startled, “I didn’t say anything.”
Dean glares at it in the rearview mirror the whole way home. Already it’s shedding all over his seats, he just knows it. This is going to be a disaster.
“You stay like that,” Gabriel says with a smirk. “For now.” He approaches, climbs on to the bed, and grabs Dean’s panties in two eager hands. Dean mutters a swear under his breath and lets his mind go blissfully blank, his eyes rolling up into his head. This is why he’s here.
It’s not just that Dean’s handsome, although he is; it’s not just that he’s young and fit, with long limbs and a lanky frame. It’s something about his attitude that gets under Castiel’s skin. The way he seems to always be having too good a time. It speaks to Castiel of the sort of experiences he’s never had yet, and, if he dares to dream, experiences he could have with someone like Dean in his life. But fatherhood is a heavy burden, and Castiel’s become good at stepping on those dreams, crushing them underfoot and kicking them aside in favor of reality. He’d trade everything and anything for Claire, her safety and happiness. Just, sometimes he wishes he didn’t have to.
“We’ve done it before, Cas,” Dean says. “We’ll manage it one more time. And the good news is, this’ll be the last time.”
And they stand there, and look at each other. Castiel’s little silver desk lamp’s the only light in the room, so their faces are half in shadow, but they still look at each other. And something sits there in the air between them, an unfulfilled want, a magnetism that Dean’s been chipping away at all day (all week) with those tiny little glancing touches.
“Not seeing another choice here, Sammy,” Dean shoots back as he kicks another poor affected bastard in the chest. Weeks is a long time to go without a kill, even before he had the mark of Cain. He’s proud of it, but he never intended to go cold turkey for keeps. And right about now, mowing some people down would make things a hell of a lot easier. Scowling, elbowing away another affected, he draws his knife.
Did he really just think words came easier with old friends? He can’t think of a thing to say to Dean right now. He’d ask after Sam, but if Sam were anything but well Dean wouldn’t even be here, and any discussions of the two of them might lead back into the same debacle that ended up getting Castiel thrown out. That has to have been the reason – Castiel had been an unwelcome houseguest. He’d assumed too much, been too familiar. He can think of no other explanation, and he doesn’t want to expose himself to that rejection again.
He crosses the room, drops to his knees, and presses his hands against Castiel’s face. “Don’t say a word,” he warns, and kisses him.
“No,” Dean says. And he’s honestly fascinated, as much with the low, guttural scrape of Castiel’s voice as with the words. “Go on.”
Dean’s half-smiling again, the way he did when he’d asked the first silent question. For a moment, Castiel thinks he’s asking another. And Castiel considers answering, or asking a question of his own.
Instead, he gets applause. It’s just Sam at first, but Mom and Bobby join in, and before long it’s the whole room that’s clapping. Dean looks around slowly, sure he’ll meet with laughter, teasing gazes. But there’s no laughter, no smirks (okay, Sam is smirking
No comfort is forthcoming on that front from Dean. “Nausea vs. constipation,” he says. “Great. Can I take what’s behind door number 3?”
“Guess I should thank you for that.” Dean lifts his hand, touches Cas’s arm. Not for any particular reason. He just wants to.
him from babbling about how much he wanted a dog. A dose-of-reality type of thing. Look how messy they are. How much they bark, how much they run around. But Cas had squatted by the cage of one particularly bright-faced mutt and had…
Aaron sighs. “Well, maybe if i can’t name you, I could at least call you what you are. Supposing I call you Clay. That’s not a name, right? It’s just a description. Nu?”
Dean doesn’t know what to do. Laugh, cry, shoot himself, call a doctor, call a parade. He just half-laughs, sniffling.
He stops, takes a breath, and notices for the first time that Dean’s pushed himself closer. He’s lying on his side, facing Cas, face turned upward and attentive even though his eyes are closed.
“Wrong answer.” A demon peeks around the corner. Dean blows its head off. “You’re gonna tell him nothing, Sammy. Nothing. You hear me? Tell him to leave it alone.”
“It’s nursing,” Castiel says, and there’s a flat edge to his voice that Dean likes. “None of us are in it for the cushy lifestyle.”
“I…” Castiel can’t deny it. Or say anything to it. It’s too naked, the truth. Nothing could cover it up or hide it now.
Dean smiles and closes his eyes. He may not know how he got this lucky, but he’ll be damned if he ever lets it go.
“Cas.” Dean heaves a sigh, presses closer and winds his arms around Castiel’s waist. “Of course I mean it. You think I haven’t thought about it? How long have we been doing this?” He tries to kiss Castiel’s mouth, but Castiel turns away and he gets a brush of lips on cheek instead. “C’mon, don’t pout. I was just waiting for the right moment.”
He shakes his head, drums himself out of it. Wrong. That’s the only word he needs in his head. Wrong. Wrong.
“Not just that kind of magic,” Castiel says. “There are other kinds, magic that has been lost to mankind. Lost to most all creatures.” He shakes his head. “I should have made more of an effort to uncover it before it was exterminated. If I’d known then that I’d be in this position…”
“Attraction– fuck,” Dean spits out when Cas hefts his balls in a careful hand and teases them with his fingers. “Yeah. I get that.”
Dena’s stare continues. There’s a wrinkle in her brow, a slight fold just over the bridge of her nose that could signify confusion or concern. Castiel isn’t sure which. She’s tempted to peek into Dena’s mind, just to find some resolution to the awful uncertainty. If Dena would just
He falls silent then, and Dean stares at him for a moment. Did he come here just to rehash what happened? What’s his point?
Sam looks around. It looked like the bunker a second ago. Now it’s a hospital room, white curatins and tiled floor, and Dean’s sitting by the bed with his head propped up on folded hands, eyes intent on some faraway point. Sam starts to go to him, but then he catches a glimpse of the figure in the hospital bed. It’s a very familiar figure. “I’m in the hospital?”  He turns back to Gabriel. “We’re inside my head?”
“Yes, geez, shut up!” From across the store, Sam looks over, shooting Dean an are-you-guys-okay? glance. Dean glares death back at him.
Dean’s missing someone too. His brother, who’s gone away to school. So he and Cas keep each other company, exchange tales of families long gone or estranged, and occasionally find something worth laughing about.
And he starts thinking maybe there’s still a God left to thank when he drives out of the lot onto the highway and sees a figure by the side of the road, making his slow way to somewhere one human step at a time.
“The hell it was!” Dena snaps. “You don’t get to drop a bomb and run. Say that one more time.” She leans in as she makes the dare, dissolving that once-sacred line of
Everywhere. Swarming. Crawling all over. On the grass, on the plants in the garden, on those weird boxy things, on the shirt and the pants and the weird-ass hat and mask the man in front of him is wearing. The buzzing sound is everywhere. Dean can’t hear himself think. All he wants to do is to swat frantically until the bastards all fly to another state.
Dean’s name rises in Castiel’s throat over and over, anxious and desperate and pleading. “Dean,” he says as Dean licks at his nipples, taking the time to tease each, one by one, into rock-hard, sensitive nubs. “Dean,” when a hot mouth assaults his lower back, sucking downward ino the cleft of his ass and licking away the salt sweat there. “Dean!!” as Dean sucks at his neck and ear until Castiel’s a shuddering mess of raw nerves.
“Just let it go.” Dean’s surprised by the pleading in his own voice. “Just forget about it and then we can go back to being buddies again. No nerves, no nothing.”
Dean curls an arm around his waist. Gabriel is warm under his fingers, warm where his body presses against the flimsy fabric that he’s conjured up for Dean’s benefit. Dean wants him. He wants Gabriel to take him like this, with silk and gauze whispering against his skin, Gabriel’s hot hands bracing his hips. “Problem is,” he says, kissing the shell of Gabriel’s ear, “I kinda like it.”
“But I did this for you!” Samandriel’s fist slams against the wall, leaving a bloody print. “I got captured because I was looking for you. Trying to help you.”
Doesn’t stop Dean from calling Charlie, just to catch up. She asks him if he’s over his breakup yet. Somehow, Dean can’t bring himself to yell at her like he’s yelled at everyone else.
They share an embrace on the field of battle, once Amara has dissipated into smoke and Lucifer is exorcised to burn in the Cage, once Dean’s sure it’s finally Cas in that body and nobody else. But the touching doesn’t stop there. Back at the bunker, taking a few hard-earned days off from the saving-n-hunting scene, Dean lays a hand on Castiel’s shoulder as he passes by in the kitchen. He sits with him on the couch watching TV, shoulder to shoulder, their thighs brushing as they share a big bowl of popcorn. In the garage, he hip-checks Castiel on his way to wash the car, then leans in just a little too close to sniff when Castiel complains after fumbling among the tools that he’s now smelling like grease.
Castiel looks expectant. Dean can’t resist that look any longer, so he decides to play it for laughs. “What the fuck,” he says, “I’ve killed angels and drunk beers with God, you think I’m scared of another dude’s mouth?” And roughly, he grabs Castiel by both arms and hauls him in.
written sometime during the middle of season 11, when cas was posessed by luci. This was my idea of what might happen.
Dean shrugs. “Not a huge one, but I get by well enough. Half my job’s driving up to Baltimore or down to Richmond to convince owners my shop is worth the trouble of getting to it.” He can’t resist a bit of a brag. “I drive up in my own car. She’s a ‘67 Impala, and when folks see how well she runs, they’re usually sold.”
“Yeah, Cas, I got that.” Dean glances at Stiles and Derek, but only briefly; his gaze is locked into Cas’s completely. “Question is, why? Other than the young-love bit.”
But by the river, he didn’t reach out when Dean did, didn’t fight but didn’t lift his hand to hug Dean back. Dean thought it was just Cas’s usual awkwardness, but maybe not. Maybe he was afraid. Maybe he didn’t believe it was Dean. Maybe he’d thought a million times that Dean was right there, had reached out, and closed his hands over air. Maybe Castiel’s still afraid Dean will vanish like a mirage. God knows Dean’s looking at him right now and scared of the same thing.
“I suppose it is, when you’re used to 'Dean.’” Castiel’s laughing at him a little, Dean thinks, but he can’t feel bad about it. Not when Castiel’s smiles, few and far between as they have been, have given him life tonight. “It’s fine. I haven’t had a nickname in a long time.”
Your legs will stop being able to hold you, and you’ll sink, his arms strong as they guide you down. But you don’t want to lie beneath him, not when you’ve dreamed this long and this hard about touching  him. You move your lips to his neck, his ear, and he clutches you tight, moaning, as you settle beside him, then on top of him. He’ll look up at you, eyes blown wide open with surprise and desire, and you’ll slide a hand up under his shirt and ask permission.
“I’m serious,” Dean says. “You owe me a drink. I’m not sweating the money. Give me a little company instead.”
But Jared’s center of gravity is too low, and he skids across the carpet but stays upright. Misha comes off the balls of his feet and wavers in midair a second, Jared’s arms tight around him, before he’s being thrown upside down and heading face-first for the rug.
“Because it’s you. And it’s Cas. Look, I want you to be happy. I don’t care what shape that takes, it’s nothing to do with me. I just don’t want you closing any doors that’ll just hurt you in the end.”
Dean shifts from foot to foot. He’s the only nervous one here; Cas is patient, waiting for him to continue. Even the wind has stopped fluttering through the trees. It’s dead silent, like Purgatory is holding its breath waiting for Dean to explain just what the hell he’s talking about. Too bad Dean himself doesn’t have a clue.
“Maybe it is,” Dean says, smiling. He presses his palm onto Castiel’s free hand. The warmth is almost unbearable. “Why don’t we find out?”
Because that’s why they’re doing it, of course. It’s not like Dean and Sam even bothered with the cheap plastic thing. But it’s Cas, and he’s human, and there are certain things humans, especially ones that probably have had personal contact with the Big J, ought to at least experience.
Sam’s chants pick up in speed and volume. The door to the study where they’re holed up starts to dent, as though someone’s taking a battering ram to it.
“What does that mean?” Dean gets up from the bed now and crosses the room toward him. “You lost some mojo? Look, if there’s stuff you can’t do now–”
For a moment Dean thinks Castiel’s going to lean in and kiss him. The tension’s certainly ample, hanging in the air like the halo around the streetlights, bright and full. But Castiel simply looks at him for a long time, until it’s Dean who’s stuttering, “What?”
“You mean you need someone to make you a fake ID?” Dean’s grin is a wicked thing. “Gee, I wonder if I know anybody who does that.”
“He thinks I can’t control the change,” Derek says. He takes a deep breath and puts a hand on Stiles’ shoulder, moving him away gently. “Hunter,” he says. “I get it. Most of the werewolves you’ve met can’t control themselves at the full moon. But look at me. Do I look like I have anything less than complete control over my transformation?”
Dean can’t imagine working that kind of schedule. He thanks the powers that be for his business. “That’s some dedication.”
All the blood drains from Castiel’s face. Dizzy, he clutches at the wall. “What did you say?” he manages in a hoarse voice.
Castiel makes a grunt of assent and nods his head. He decides he could let Dean brush his wings for a long, long time.
Dean grits his teeth at the swell of arousal that surges through him. “Here I am,” he growls in return.
Dean drops him off at work, and Castiel gets out of the car, suited up for a day on the job and ready to part the way they came together, without words. He gets out of the car and turns back to close the door behind him.
He gets up the courage to look at Castiel again. Cas is looking at him a little sadly. “I don’t know,” he says. “Maybe I’m not good at it.”
“Well, it’s all you’re gonna get.” Dean clenches his fist around the knife and cuts a too-deep groove into the stake, scowling at it instead of Cas. “C'mon, Cas, we got bigger fish to fry than this. Priorities, man.”
“Yes.” Castiel looks briefly at his own palms. “It seems my brand of power is effective against this enemy.”
He’s unconscious. Locked within his vessel, his muscles limp. Castiel lifts him onto his shoulder and carries him out of the building where he’s been held captive. Maybe his own freedom is waning, but he can at least give Samandriel a taste of it.
Dean nods, and he casts a glance at the back of the Impala. “We carved devil’s traps on her once, a long time ago,” he says. “Figure that’s as safe a place as any.”
“Nah,” Castiel replies, and then they fall silent again. Castiel rolls down his window and feels the air on his face. So much more refreshing when he’s exposing himself to the elements by choice, rather than necessity.
“Yeah, it’s Dean,” Charlie says before she can stop it. Crap, she thought she wasn’t shipping it anymore.
Sadly, no. And sadly, too, Anna ends up in the back of the Impala with Dean. So much for the epic potential of Pamela/Anna. Charlie had already been dreaming up a fic where Anna got her grace back and restored Pamela’s sight, and Pamela stuttered “Oh, my God, you’re… you’re beautiful…” and Anna says “I promise to never show you what I really look like,” and Pamela laughs, and they kiss and fall down on the bed in Bobby’s panic room.
Because as much as he craved it, right now he’s terrified of feeling the way he did when Cas held him close. It makes him weak. It makes him open and vulnerable, and startlingly human, prey to emotions and desires he thought he’d forgotten how to feel. Even a human can’t afford to be human here.
Would he have thought to do this if they were still among the world of the living? If Dean hadn’t killed his way through Purgatory, prayed every night, realized through aching nights and bloody days how much he missed having Cas by his side? Dean’s no believer in fate, but he’s wondering now if certain things do happen for a reason. And the unfamiliar, giddy emotion daring to rear its head now, after so long, is joy.
“Cause I can’t stand that vampire.” Sam’s lip curls. “Besides, your power’s still shaky from the trip. There’s no reason you should have to do this alone.”
Dean cradles Castiel’s head in his arms. Leans down. “I’m sorry, man,” he says. “Couldn’t save you this time either.”
Dean lies there, though he should get up, and remembers. The weight of Cas’s body, like a blanket, keeping out cold winds. His mind calming to the rhythm of slow strokes through his hair. And the sound of that melody-that-wasn’t, only a low note hummed over and over again, vibrating through his skin.
Castiel doesn’t know how it happened, but they’re sitting way closer to each other than they had been when Castiel first moved to the bed. Dean’s shoulder is almost touching his.
Never mind that she’s been able to think of nothing but the Winchesters and what they do and what she’s seen (and let’s not mention the fairy she almost bedded) since the last time she said goodbye to them. At least she could turn it off if she wanted.
Then, he’s full up beyond what he thought he could take, and Dean grits his teeth and lets out a strangled noise. He won’t be able to take it, he’s going to come apart, and oh God, he’s burning up, but Castiel’s body settles down over his and Dean doesn’t want him to ever get up. He rocks up into the closeness, searching for skin to seal his mouth over. He gets a bit of Castiel’s shoulder under his lips and sucks hard, then soothes with a flickering tongue. Castiel makes noises above him that Dean never thought he’d hear.
A growl from above him, and Castiel pins his arms above his head again. “Stay like that,” he orders, and Dean nods. He cranes his neck up for more kisses, but Castiel is gone from over him. He’s stood up and is undoing his belt. The sight of the tent in his pants hits Dean like a ton of bricks, and maybe he should worry about what that means, what’s coming next. But all he can think is that he did that to Cas, and pride floods him at knowing he had that power. It’s all he can think of as Castiel pulls Dean’s jeans off, then his boxers, then bends his knees upward. Cas wants me. He said he has to have me. Cas said that. To me.
But in the space of another blink, Dean’s grinning, and then arms are around him. “The hell have you been?” Dean’s voice in his ear, a little wobble in his tone, and Castiel can’t help but close his eyes, can’t help but lift his arms to Dean’s waist and embrace him in return. This. This is what he was missing, this is why he came.
Without purgatory, they feel strangely muted, the touches too gentle, the thrusts and kisses safe and foreign. So when Castiel pushes in to Dean he draws a finger across Dean’s chest, where one of his scars already lies, and Dean hisses with pain as blood wells up and oozes out. He grabs Cas’s ass, shoves him deeper, and arches; when Castiel lowers his mouth to the opened wound Dean cries out and digs his nails into the flesh of Castiel’s ass. He can’t draw blood with a touch, the way Cas can, so instead he twitches, pressing another scar toward Castiel’s mouth. “Again,” he begs, “c'mon, Cas, fuck,
Dena’s words goad, but her gaze is patient, and Castiel finds a kind of strength there. She reaches out and places her hand on Dena’s knee, a gesture that could be just a friendly reassurance. Or, if Dena chooses, perhaps it could be something more.
Castiel’s cry echoes through the yard. Dean feels it to his core. he hasn’t heard an angel yell like that since the last time he saw one die. He thinks, maybe, he heard the echo of Gabriel’s scream a long way from the Elysian Fields motel. He knows he saw a goddess shiver in the back seat. The feathers break, come loose in his hand, and he fights the violent wrench of his stomach as it tries to come up through his throat.
Well. SOMETHING happened during that time. Here's the first of two suggestions as to how it could go.
And for no reason he knows of, he lowers his lips down onto Castiel’s, a bare whisper of a kiss. Pressing, a second, and then gone.
Dead dead no he can’t be he can’t be dead, he can’t be, they just got him back and now he’s gonna crack his head on the sidewalk and die like a stupid motherfucker, god damn it Cas…
He backtracks. “Unless you don’t want to. I… uh, we don’t want to get in your way, looks like you’re fighting the good fight. Sorry.” He takes a step back.
Dean’s whistling as he returns with a full bucket of water. He settles behind Castiel, meaning Castiel can’t see exactly what he’s doing. Something with a sponge and a bottle, and something again with a big brush that looks like it’s meant for horses.
“Dying doesn’t bother me, not so much,” Castiel says, though it’s not all true. Yes, he knows death isn’t the end of existence, like it would be for an angel. He just doesn’t like the idea of being a shadow of himself, reliving his greatest moments or no, not after his free will’s been so hard-won. But that’s not his biggest fear. “It’s dying before you. Or after you. We fought so hard to be together, and now… God knows how much time I’ll have to spend alone. Waiting to see you again.”
“Totally called it!” Charlie spun around in her chair. She wished she had a clone or a figurine nearby to high-five.
Now Castiel himself is starting to turn red. “I apologize. There are times when it’s far more convenient to reach inside your mind than to waste time talking about things. And your feelings are… rather obvious.”
And then everything is squee because Dean’s talking to his own dad, and he’s arranging for his dad to buy his car. The first time Charlie met the boys they didn’t have the car, but after the Moondoor event, she got a glimpse at it and it is
He pulls the plug from Castiel’s ass, and Castiel groans, flops onto his back and pants hard. “Just a sec, Cas, just a sec,” Dean says, and without thinking about it he leans in and kisses Castiel’s trembling mouth. No reason why. But he does. And Castiel groans into the kiss, and nods, and whispers “Hurry” when their lips part.
“Oh, God,” Dean mumbles, and he doesn’t even know where his breath goes because there’s no room for it between him and Castiel right now.
but oh, yes he can. The contact has killed his last objection. Dean’s face is too warm and too close. Castiel closes the gap between their mouths with frantic desperation.
But without the world, with just him and just me, I can ask. “Did you hear?” My voice breaks against his neck like a wave that’s tried to form too close to the shore. “Did you hear me, Cas? Any of it?”
“Good night, Dean.” And it sounds, at least to Dean’s ears, like there’s something a little more behind the name this time. Castiel takes in a quick breath then, and adds, “See you Saturday.”
Castiel expected more or less this reaction. He holds himself firm and repeats himself. “I made the deal. Dean, you would have done the same thing.”
He’s on the bed again in a flash, the springs creaking beneath him as his weight crashes onto it. He finds the plug again – it’s jumping and buzzing crazily on the sheets, and in his hand it feels like a live wire – and nods at Castiel, who burrows in close to his body. Oh, God, Cas’s naked skin is warm against his, and Dean thinks maybe they don’t need the plug, that all they ever really needed was each other’s bodies and the warmth and the closeness that’s here right now. Castiel kisses him, a peck on the corner of Dean’s mouth, and Dean slides his tongue along Castiel’s lips to bring him in deeper.
“You were staring at me the whole time,” the guy says, “so I thought you were enjoying it, but then you didn’t clap, so…”
The golem pauses and hiccups. “I have no desire to be left alone in this world,” he says finally. “Perhaps someday. But not now.”
Cas in that bed, coughing, his lungs feeling like they’re gonna burst, feverish like his body’s trying to eat him from the inside out, and burning with shame and the desire to live and guilt for having that desire. And when he’s asleep he dreams, sometimes strange dreams full of color and light and shapes that he can’t name, sometimes dreams out of the thousands and thousands of books and movies and plays Metatron uploaded into his brain. Dreams where Castiel is Spartacus, Hamlet, Tony Soprano. Dreams where Winchesters and stout growling demons waltz in and out in period costume, to deliver a memorable line. He wakes up disoriented and half wishing the dream had gone on, because the dreams have a plot, and when he’s dreaming he’s not feeling the pain.
Dean scoffs. “You were fine. I’ve had bad kisses, and that wasn’t one. But it was just– just a kiss,” he finishes lamely, sighing.
Befuddled, but with soft stirrings of hope coming to life in his chest, Castiel squints at him. “You could have told me that. Or talked to me. Or done anything but humiliate me in front of the class.”
“I’ve missed you, Dean,” Castiel says. He runs a hand, just once, down the line of Dean’s cheek toward his jaw.
His body is limp, and Dean runs, positions himself under Cas and reaches out his arms. Sam follows, and together they break the freefall of the crumpled body as best they can. But the impact still knocks them to the earth, and Castiel’s head slips from Dean’s grasp, splits on the sidewalk and starts to ooze blood.
“I know. But you should be prepared for it.” Castiel turns his head, and the light of Bobby’s porch catches his face kind of funny, illuminating all the wrong angles so he looks like a stained-glass version of himself. Dean catches his breath. “I may not be able to provide all that much assistance to you in the final battle. I may be… all but human.”
The same question he gets asked a million times over. And he defaults to his usual, which is joking about it. And he mentions the line that was cut, even though the context of the line mentioned family and “like you’re a brother,” and he gives them a little bit of hell about how convention audiences have changed, but they’re not the ones who have changed.
And Sam shrugs and smiles. “The things we’ve been through, the things we’ve seen. Why would this freak me out?”
How his grace has faded since Metatron ripped it out. How tired he is, even from just flying this far. How blind he feels, without that light illuminating everything around him down to a molecular  understanding. It’s a struggle to use any senses beyond the normal human five, and when he reached out to see the state of the world, it was like diving into fire. The Darkness has touched everything.
Cas spreads out behind him, and Dean tenses – he’s going to get it again, the thing he’s been thinking about through this interminable day, and now the closeness of it is so imminent he finds himself holding his breath. Any minute the low notes, the hand on his hair, the relaxation seeping into him like a slow flood, and he’ll go under, but how can he? The anticipation is speeding up his pulse, and he’s ever more awake.
“Yes,” Charlie chants, “yes, disobey.” But it isn’t Uriel she’s rooting for. Doubt, yes, doubt! That’s great news. Every great robot story since Asimov has featured a robot rebelling against its programming, and she’s starting to wonder if that’s what she’s about to see. Castiel is suddenly that much more interesting and sympathetic as a character.
Dean complains a lot about his back, because yes, the damn sciatica showed up at age 65 as promised by his poker-induced preview. And Castiel never lets him forget that of the two of them, it’s Castiel who’s fallen further, had the most to lose,and so can’t Dean be quiet about his back for a while when Castiel is still adjusting to the idea of chronic pain.
Sucking in a breath, Sam steps closer to him, looks at him very carefully. “Maybe I’ve got this all backwards,” he says. “Maybe you’re the one who needs him.”
“We’re working on figuring that out,” Sam says with a glance up at Kevin. “Dean. Can you control it at all? Like, can you try to stop it?”
“Not surprised,” Gabriel says, turning in toward him. Their chests bump, skin against silk, heat bleeding through. Gabriel reaches out and locks his hands on Dean’s waist. “I like it too.”
“OK, I’m just gonna soap them down now. Stay still,” Dean orders. Castiel braces himself to do just that, but when the rough surface of the sponge touches the space where back meets wing, he curses and shakes hard, nearly throwing Dean off his feet.
“I… someone used to call me Cassie, a while ago.” Castiel’s lip curls. “Looking back, I didn’t like it much.”
Something trips him, knocks his internal rhythm off, and he staggers forward a dozen paces before he’s caught in strong arms, blinking, letting himself be righted. “Cas?” he says, bleary, confused.
Castiel’s eyes darken. He heaves a sign. “I was mistaken.,” he says. “I caused more pain… I should never have mistaken myself for a leader.”
Dean makes a soft, low noise into the kiss, then presses forward, wrapping his arms around Castiel. Castiel inhales the scent of him, soaks up the feel of his fingertips where they touch the back of Castiel’s neck. Every cell in his body screams
So this sudden discovery that she ships Dean and Castiel is unsettling. For many reasons. For one thing, she actually
Dean gasps “Cas” into his ear, and the lurch of lust that burns through Castiel takes him to the edge. He holds on as long as he can, but Dean’s legs are long and strong folded between his, and his hips move like rolling stormclouds. Castiel tumbles over into orgasm, crying out, his fingers clamping behind Dean’s neck to pull him in. Dean starts to shudder next to him, and suddenly it doesn’t matter why or why not or what happened before, so long as Castiel gets to be here, now, feeling Dean break apart against him.
Something breaks downstairs. The room goes cold. Dean has an image of a downstairs full of black smoke. There are footsteps, too, and each one lands like a weight on Dean’s heart. This would be a really stupid way to go out. But what can he do? Sam has to cast the damn spell.
Dean glances over at him once the scene switches from the wanton destruction to the science lab where white-coated Japanese men are speaking urgently to one another. “Dude,” he says. “Come on over.” He jerks his head to the side, indicating the other side of the bed.
“No point talking about that now.” Dean did something to the wound that made Castiel growl. “You want a belt or something to bite down on? This is gonna hurt.”
Castiel reddens a little as he looks into Dean’s eyes. “Which brings us back to, did you just propose to me?”
Disappointing Cas, though, that’s another matter, and when he starts to move Cas shifts his shoulders and his lip trembles on the very, very edge of a pout.
Dean’s face has probably warped into something ridiculous, he knows. But it’s beyond unthinkable. He can’t look at that face, Cas’s face that’s offering him a piece of his own body, after Cas has already given him so much, and just pluck out a feather or five. He can’t cause Cas that pain.
Castiel settles onto the bed, on his knees, and lifts Dean’s hips to meet him. Dean doesn’t breathe at all. He grits his teeth and waits.
“I wouldn’t want to overstep,” Castiel says. His eyes dart to Dean’s mouth. And yeah, OK, looks like Cas remembers everything after all.
“One thing about Charlie, though,” Dean says, smiling a little. “She lived balls to the wall, man. Taught you to stand up and be yourself. Do what moves you. I liked that about her. Wish I could live like that.”
Dean sighed and unbuckled his belt. Under different circumstances, he might like doing that too, he thought, with a cursory glance at Castiel’s arms and chest, grown strong and hard through adversity. For now, though, it was merely a matter of survival. He fitted the belt deep into Castiel’s mouth and set to work.
Jensen’s come around by now, Misha’s sure. They haven’t talked about it, and he has a feeling they might not – not until they have to. But the regular upgrade came through, which can only mean one thing. Misha can read the signs.
Stars falling all around them and Dean doesn’t want to let go of Sam for a minute, but his phone is buzzing in his pocket and he just knows, somehow, he’s got to answer it. That low down bunched up feeling in the pit of his stomach says so, knows who it is before he even slides it out.
Castiel lifts his hand from Dean’s, lays it down again on Dean’s shoulder. The side of his hand weighs down into Dean’s neck, index finger and thumb resting there. He slides his hand forward, just shy of the hollow of Dean’s throat, and then strokes back again.
But the prophet thing turns out to be relevant. Hugely relevant. And the weirdest thing happens because of that.
He has an urge to move his hand, to press it to Dean’s forehead, and when his fingers move despite himself he pauses, unsure. The song falters, and Dean’s eyes open. “Cas?”
“It’s– it’s because of the slam,” Dean hurriedly explains. “I come in here to get, well, slammed. For that in-the-face feeling. The words pounding at me, like–” He manages to not finish that simile. “If I read it on paper, it might be different, but what I got out of you reading it? Just– power, man. So much power. The way you read, man. Might as well be an angel, with that voice–” He catches himself. “And now I’m the one rambling. Sorry, dude.”
He goes out for a walk, looks at the sunrise and the trees and the birds, or if there are none just analyzes the cracks in the pavement and reads the history of old buildings from laying his hand on their bricks. It’s a quiet and special time for him, and he returns to Dean’s room feeling as though the day has already delivered on its promise of infinite possibilities. Nothing could go wrong now. It’s just a matter of what could go even more right.
Dean lecturing him about the way humans act and how Castiel is doing it wrong. Dean sharing a beer with his brother and then, as though suddenly remembering Castiel is in the room, reaching down to the cooler and holding one up. Dean with his eyes full of glory and fury in the heat of battle. Dean smiling at him like they’ve shared a million misadventures, and they have.
But when Castiel nods, fixes him with those blue eyes and says, “Sixish is perfect,” none of that matters.
Castiel’s finding it hard to breathe. He opens his eyes and watches, helplessly, as his hands rise to cup Dean’s face. The scratch of stubble on his palms sends a shiver through him. “Dean,” he starts, “I can’t–”
“Yeah, well, I didn’t.” Dena lifts a hand to Castiel’s hair, brushes it back over her ear. The intimacy of the gesture has Castiel tingling. “Cas,” Dena says, and stops, as though searching for words.
Nope. He’s the one who’s changed. He’s the one who’s gotta be twice as stand-offish and twice as careful as usual, because this time, he can’t tip his hand.
“Nobody told you to butt in,” Misha chides him gently, rolling him over and checking out the scrapes that have taken skin off his forehead and left a red mark on his chin. “What was that about?”
His fingers curl around Castiel’s cock and tug, straightening out the soft curve of it, and Castiel grows in his hand, firming up. A noise, low and guttural, is swallowed up in the rush of the oncoming water. Dean doesn’t know whose it was.
Sam worries about things like the color scheme, but Dean is the more practical of the two brothers, Castiel is discovering as his dingy condo slowly transforms into something that feels a little more like home. And that doesn’t have to do with just screws and wrenches.
But the kicker, the thing Dean does that’s least like Dean, isn’t the frantic kissing or the way they pull each other’s clothes off like time is ticking away too fast. It’s not even Dean’s long, lustful stare at the expanse of Castiel’s body, his eyes roving up and down stretches of bare skin. It isn’t the way his hand comes down so gently on the hard jut of Castiel’s cock and strokes until Castiel’s biting his lip and moaning. And no, it’s not the way he works his fingers inside Castiel, slicking him up as Castiel’s hips twitch and shift on his hand.
But he can’t afford to stay, and he can’t afford to return the love that’s been professed to him. Not when forces unseen are trying to pull him away from humanity again. He just doesn’t have the time or the heart for it. So he leaves, and he tries to banish Samandriel’s words from his ears. But they linger, ringing there like a warning.
“Oh.” Kevin stops at the edge of the room. He’s just entered from the bedroom area of the bunker. “Sorry. Wait, how did you-?”
And what a strange look in Dena’s eyes. Castiel meets her gaze and is instantly locked into it. She couldn’t turn away now even if she wanted to. What a hold human emotion has over the body. It continues to amaze and frighten her.
“That’s not the problem.” Dean’s proximity is shaking loose some of the stuck words. “Although I probably will be keeping the car now. My ability to travel has been limited.”
He’s sleep-warm, wonderful , and his hands on Castiel’s back are small suns radiating heat through bone and muscle. Halfway through the embrace and welcoming kiss, one loses its grip and slides down, limp, to rest on Castiel’s hip. He’s still groggy, and Castiel smiles into the kiss at how half-there, how sleepy and vulnerable he still is. Castiel gets to see him like this. It’s so nice.
“It’s not as though nothing out here excites me,” Cas growls, and presses his hip against Dean’s to make his point.
The two of them breathe hard, stare each other down. Dean’s eyes are full of hurt, helplessness. Castiel knows what’s going on in his head. He’s coming up with solutions, then throwing them away, one by one. Confront the Empty. Try to get Death’s aid. He probably considers consulting God, despite everything. Castiel watches the ideas come and go in his eyes.
He tries to make conversation as you work at shucking down his pants. “Cas, I gotta say, I didn’t see this comin–”
But Dean’s still gazing at him. “Cas, look. Even if we can’t share our digs with you, you’re still family. You need something, you got it.  I was glad when you called, dude. It was good to hear your voice.”
Where the first part was a season finale sort of thing, this is sort of a what-happens-during-the-following-season-in-bits-and-snatches.
He might doze, a little, but his tailbone keeps complaining and his back is starting to ache. Plus, he can’t get his neck to behave itself. It aches in one direction, so he tilts it the other, and then that side aches. It’s like trying to sleep on an airplane. Right now, an airplane would be a little less terrifying.
Dean watches his profile and wonders exactly what Cas thought for a long time. That he’d never be able to touch Dean again? Was it such a big deal, being able to touch him?
He can’t win for losing, really. He tries to protect Benny and loses Sam. Tries to get Sam back and loses Benny. So now Sam’s in a bar somewhere in Texas, and he ain’t coming back. Benny’s on the lam, and maybe back on the sauce, too.
He can’t tell, but he thinks probably Cas is smiling when he answers. “You’ll have it. Whenever you need.”
The philosophical bent of the conversation is starting to make Dean nervous. “Anyway,” he blusters, “the point is, I get it. You miss her. You worry about her. That’s okay.”
“I’m good,” is all Sam says. If Dean could strike that phrase from Sam’s vocabulary forever, he’d do it.
“It’s really not like that.” Dean scratches his head, as though he can’t wrap his brain around what Castiel is saying. “It remembers you so it’ll stay firm in the places you want it to.” He punctuates his words with a leering nod and raise of his eyebrows.
he was super-cool, and not just because he was willing to wear chain mail and a wig. She’s starting to hope Dean will tell this guy where to get off. She just hopes it’s not where she’s hoping (despite herself) he might end up getting off, so to speak.
have won—just looking at the conflicting hands is infuriating, not to mention how their coveted hands defeated so many odds—but the other man is also laughing as Dean shoves the chips to the side.
When he fell forward and into Castiel’s arms, Castiel caught him with his lips, breathing in his firewater-tinged breath with sweet relief. Most of the tension that had been weaving itself into Castiel’s shoulders began to ease as Dean pushed back, licking into his mouth to press himself further into their embrace. Their touches held all the
. Cas is the man that looks awkward, like his feathers are ruffled, when Dean or Gabe teases him. Cas is the man that names his “
Ash squints at Dean for a long moment, whose torso is now sticking out of the ship hatch. Then, with two fingers, he points between Dean and his own eyes. “You better not disappoint, Sergeant,” he warns before disappearing once again.
Much to Castiel’s dismay, Dean got to his feet instead, leaning in closer so he could whisper against Castiel’s ear.
He doesn’t even wait until the morning; it’s too dangerous. Cas seems on edge before bed, like he suspects Dean is about to do something, but he never says anything. Once Dean is sure everyone has fallen asleep, he ventures outside the tent with a kerosene lamp and writes two notes: one of resignation to his supervisor, and one of apology (for a hasty departure) and gratitude (for everything else) to Cas. Addressing their hastily folded fronts, he leaves them both by Cas’s hand, hoping he’ll deliver one and understand the other.
Her master Dean Winchester is seated just in front of her, watching the rolling valleys beneath his feet. There’s a canteen in one hand and his arms hang over his knees as he watches, waiting for the sun to rise.
As soon as he’s gone, Charlie whips around to Dean and says: “I’m trusting you here. I don’t want to watch Zombeavers
“You good?” Dean asks. Cas’s intimidating gaze is turned onto him, and he swears he feels a shiver run up his spine.
One time, when Dean returns from the stables with the full intention to take over nurse duty for the next shift (he still has an obligation to mend the damage done by his hands), he pauses in the hallway just outside the door, hearing two voices conversing from within.
The first time Dean remembers waking, he’s moaning in pain, rolling around in soft bedding with his insides feeling raw.
Holding a hand up, Missouri cuts off Dean’s tirade. “Have you ever considered that he thinks you’re the one purposefully avoiding him?”
.” Dean can’t look his brother in the eye. “Just because you refuse to understand your own feelings doesn’t mean you get to shit all over Cas’s.”
Castiel squints at the dashboard. “I think,” he says, and he glances at Dean, wondering what Dean would say if he told the truth.
And there’s the crux of the problem, isn’t it? That’s why Dean’s crude jokes keep rubbing Castiel the wrong way. He’s
Well, maybe once or twice late at night. But that’s nobody’s business. He suddenly, desperately hopes that’s not when Cas was looking in on his mind.
“More?” Castiel tilts his head in that familiar way, and Dean feels again the leaping of warmth in his heart. He wants to grab Castiel and kiss him again, but at the same time, he’s so… disappointed isn’t the right word. Surprised? But you’re surprised when something happens, and nothing happened. The kiss was just a kiss. Same as a hundred other kisses he’s had. Warm, liquid, pleasant, but…
Castiel’s cut off by the soft touch of Dena’s lips, careful and perfect. Her heart rises to her throat. She’s never had a kiss like this before, so patient, so giving, and it’s sweeter than anything she’s felt in this human body. She purses her lips to kiss back, as best she can, and when she presses into Dena’s lips a little too hard she hears that soft throaty chuckle that makes her melt inside. Dena frames her face in two hands, kisses her like she’s something precious, and when it finally ends Castiel has tears in her eyes. She couldn’t have imagined a response like this. She never dared to hope.
Brothers. Dean knows the word well. For a decade now, Sam’s been his only living family. And though he remembers having a father, remembers for a short time having something like a son, those experiences are in his past, and they might as well have come from another lifetime. Now, the only relationships he know are sibling ones. Sam, and Charlie, and Cas. At least, Cas should fit in that slot. But Dean’s not so sure he does.
to him. And then he and the dog turned on Dean in unison. Never had the phrase “puppy-dog eyes” been so literal.
His fingers tangle into Castiel’s hair, tugging and stroking by turns, and he can’t help the jerky little thrusts of hip that bring his cock further into the hot suction of Castiel’s mouth. Castiel is so, so very good at this, and Dean doesn’t think he’ll ever get over just how determined he is, how devoted he is to making sure Dean is brought right to the edge of sanity, until he’s almost sobbing as he goes over.
Charlie’s and Kevin’s hands on his shoulders force him down. “No way. You’re watching this,” Kevin says.
Castiel lifts his mouth briefly; covers the exposed, wet flesh with his hand; and hikes up Dean’s shirt to press a kiss to his flat belly. “Then there’s nuclear fusion and fission,” he says, low. “The constant heat and pressure that turns a simple dwarf star into a supergiant.”
Dean slumps against a tree, disgruntled. He’s weak now, his muscles openly aching now that he’s been given a moment to stop and the adrenaline is starting to drain away. But as he relaxes, lets his head tip back and his eyes closed, his pulse stays quick and he can only think of how far away Cas was when he last looked. Maybe Cas will take first watch, maybe Dean will fall asleep without him this time. Maybe that’d be better.
And it’s just like Castiel to commence flirting by basically saying, “Hey, do you feel my erection?”
Maybe the fireworks are there after all. They’re just smaller, and they take some time to get going. And maybe there’s nothing wrong with a kiss being just a kiss.
A year ago, having Castiel with him in this situation would be awesome. Right now, it’s just harrowing.
Staring, round-eyed, Dean tries to pick his jaw up off the floor. “You.. what?” He shakes his head. “I wasn’t– I didn’t. Holy hell,” he says, and there’s a hint of pink in his cheeks, too.
He slides the plug in, and Castiel’s body tenses along his, a cord of hard skin and tense muscles wound up against him. Castiel shouts into his mouth, tongue bold as it licks inside, and Dean barely realizes that Castiel’s thigh is crossing his, that his cock has found a niche to slide in along Dean’s own. It’s just heat, and vibrations, and Castiel’s panting breaths against his own, and the details don’t matter.
Highways here aren’t even a straight shot for him to floor it on. Too many hills, too many curves. He’d have to pay attention or he’d go off a cliff.
“But, I thought we were looking at how the stars were billions of years ago, cause of the speed of light.”
Another moment and Castiel’s hand is on his wrist, guiding his hand upward, across, toward – Dean’s shaking now – and his palm skates across Castiel’s shoulder before falling onto the spread of shining gray wings.
), just genuine smiles and even, respectful applause. Like they’re… all really happy for him. But that can’t be the case, can it?
Castiel sits in the chair by the door and squints, trying to see the small screen from the odd vantage point. He sits as he usually does, straight up, with his hands folded into his lap.
“I was saying,” Dean corrects, “why I keep taking the job.“ He leans in again, like he did before, only now they’re sitting on the couch together and it feels even more intimate. “What can I say? I like Claire, I like the work… and I like her dad.”
He sighs, gathers himself, and turns to the applauding, wolf-whistling little brother in the background. Someone’s getting a knuckle sandwich for Christmas.
Castiel grabs his hand and clutches it tight. His fingernails bite into Dean’s skin. “Dean, it–” and Dean can see how difficult it is for him to form the words– “it feels so good, so good, I want–”
“Here,” Castiel says, and grabs Dean by the shirt. A moment later, Dean’s hauled into the tiny crawl space beneath the stairs, where he has to crouch and bend his head in order to fit. Castiel shoves in next to him, their knees overlapping, and they stay quiet as the vamps kick in the door and start searching the house.
Double that because when Jared gets Misha by the shoulders, Misha struggles, thrusting one shoulder forward, then the next, then trying to jab his elbows backward, and the taut line of his neck keeps twisting and stretching, revealing pockets of white skin where Jared tugs his shirt back. It makes Jensen itch, makes his mouth water. And he’s not the only one. A moment later Jared gives a low growl in the back of his throat and leans forward, sucking on the skin of Misha’s neck.
The golden smile in his voice makes Sam turn; now Gabriel’s pressed into his chest instead of his back, and the height difference seems a little more pronounced like this, especially when Gabriel rises onto his toes and Sam cranes his neck down as they seek out a kiss. Once their lips catch it’s worth the extra effort, and Sam moans, hands sliding down Gabriel’s sides to hold at his hipbones, his hard-on riding in a steady rut against Gabriel’s stomach.
“Oh, you’ll live.” Gabriel crosses to the window and peeks behind the curtain at the street outside. “Your brother’s praying up a storm. Begging the angels to help you. It’s only a matter of time before someone answers. Nothing better to do here on earth.”
“Great.” Dean slams his hands against the steering wheel. “Don’t just pop into my car, pop into my head, too.”
Dean responds to that by rolling up his sleeves, one by one, and then jumping to his feed. “Well,” he says, “We’re gonna get you out of this rotten-ass deal. That’s that.”
Castiel feels it from the edge of the universe. An explosion, but the stardust doesn’t spread into the blackness to become a nebula, to birth new stars. It just goes, matter into nothing, an unfolding of creation. He catches his breath and prays he can ignore it.
The bee has wandered off of one of Castiel’s gloves, and it’s now flying in small circles near Dean’s shoulder. Dean eyes it, not daring to move an inch. “That’s it,” Castiel says. “Just stay still.” He reaches for a glove.
The creak on the staircase startles him, and he looks up to see Castiel standing unsteadily at the bottom, peering through the darkness.
It isn’t a matter of shipping anymore. Charlie knows that feeling, the feeling when someone makes you question the whole of who you were and guide you toward a better path. Someone who challenges you, who makes you want to be on the right side of things. She’s felt it before. Anna was right in identifying Castiel’s emotion as doubt before. But there’s another emotion there, one that Castiel himself doesn’t yet know to name.
“I don’t like it,” Sam says. “I don’t like how he’s suddenly bee-eff-effs with this Benny. Vegetarian vampire or no, it’s… it doesn’t seem right. You can’t tell me you trust him.”
And sometimes just… just look at you and have you look back at me and feel like maybe things are gonna be OK after all…
She sniffled when Dean and Bobby hugged hello, dabbed her eyes when Sam and Dean reunited, and called “Crissy” being  Ruby a good fifteen pages in advance of it actually happening. But Charlie was stumped as to how Dean got out of hell. That is, until she got her first clue.
Dean’s mouth is savage as it roams over Castiel’s body. Biting, nipping, teeth grazing over the soft flesh. When Castiel gasps or cries out, Dean just chuckles and begins his assault anew. Staggeringly patient kisses pressed to the inside of Castiel’s arm, tongue dragging down the line of his waist to his hip. Naughty teeth marks in the tenderness of his thigh, just below where Castiel wants him. And then long, sucking pulses of hot wet mouth on Castiel’s balls, the shaft of his cock. Castiel is a feast, and Dean is endlessly hungry. He sinks his teeth in where he can, licks and purses soft lips everywhere else. Castiel’s devoured, taken apart. He grabs at Dean’s hair, tries to pull him back up, but Dean’s hunger can’t be sated.
Dean fights down an urge to answer. He’s not the sharing-his-feelings type by a long shot, but something about Castiel makes him want to. Maybe it’s the earnest look in his eyes, or the knowledge of what they’ve been through together. It’s like a part of him has bled into Castiel, and vice versa, somewhere between the pulling from hell and the running through purgatory, and keeping things from Cas feels a bit like keeping them from himself. Which doesn’t seem right, somehow, even though he ought to have a Nobel Prize in bottling up emotions.
But that’s genre blindness for you, and Charlie reminds herself that this isn’t just some well-crafted (if inartfully written) horror story. This is real life, and these are real people, and real people don’t worry about genre blindness because as far as they know, they’re not in a genre. Sam was blinded by grief and a sense of helpless frustration, and Ruby offered him a way to take control. How many people self-medicate because it’s the only way they know to get their demons under control? Charlie’s known a few in her lifetime. She sighs and buries herself under her covers (it’s late now, she’s reading in bed). The e-reader’s light casts a blue glow on the blankets above her.
Dean’s half-hypnotized, staring at him, every pore in his face so close and his eyes so dark, pupils full and wide. Where Cas touches him he buzzes, almost vibrates with heat and want. Is it all Castiel’s, or is it his own, too? Because along with the want is the pain of holding back, and if it’s Castiel holding back for his sake…
Dean’s spirit sinks a little at that. He’d meant to come over and give the guy a piece of his mind, but to make him give up his hobby? Something he’d dreamed of all his life? Dean isn’t that heartless. Not to mention that would absolutely shoot to hell any chance he might ever have with this guy, his good-looking neighbor with the weird name and the weird hobbies and the blue eyes that are bigger than any Dean had ever seen outside a cartoon. Seriously, they’re about to bug out of his head.
“And?” Every second he’s staring ito this jerk’s eyes, Sam’s feeling more and more hot under the collar. He doesn’t stop to question it.“If you’re real and not dead, you could have gotten me out of the cage.”
“It’s the Earth passing through a debris field. We’re watching garbage burn,” Castiel replies flatly. “I’m glad you enjoy it, though.”
Laughing, for example. Running his hands down Castiel’s sides and laughing as Castiel fights to keep from laughing himself. Who knew an angel, fallen or no, could be ticklish? The idea absolutely delights Dean, and he laughs, his grin stretching wide across his face, and sees just how much he can tease before Castiel gets cranky and bats his hand away.
“That’d be awesome,” Dean says, though the idea of watching the bees up close makes him want to hide under his bed.
He reaches down for one more kiss and now he feels the strain to his neck. But the hot water helps, and so does Gabriel, licking into his mouth, massaging his neck, soothing. Moments like this, when Sam’s still putting himself back together, it seems like he’s the small one, and Gabriel might as well be a thousand miles tall.
Cas meets him at the front door this time, and he’s just as heart-thumpingly good-looking this time. His hair has lost that electrified look – side effect of the beekeeping helmet, Dean guesses – and instead is a little damp and matted. Dean doesn’t mean to give him a once-over, but he can’t help himself. Cas looks shower-fresh, comfortable in a loose sweater and jeans, and Dean wants to knock him right over onto the sofa in the living room and kiss him until neither of them can breathe.
It’s like the universe begins right then. And nothing I’ve done or said or prayed before matters. None of the times he didn’t come matters. He’s there, and nothing happened before he got there.
My body moves before the rest of me. My voice is still trying to break free. My brain’s frozen solid.
They hit the bed too fast, and Castiel loses his breath for an instant. It’s long enough for Dean to throw off his jacket and shirt, and when Castiel reaches up, he touches bare skin. Dean arches into the touch, rubbing against Castiel’s palm, then rising to his knees to urge it downward. Castiel obediently gets to work on Dean’s zipper. “Fuckin’ yeah,” Dean hisses when Castiel gets a handful of boxer-clad cock and runs his fingers up the length of it. “Finally.”
He puts his fingers to his lips, feels the borrowed warmth still lingering there, and tries really hard not to smile.
“That’s not the problem,” Castiel manages. “You’re…” His eyes sweep over Dean. “You’re a kid. You’re 21.”
“Oh, stop it,” Charlie mutters, but she’s too choked up herself to be too pissed at the two of them for their silent flirting.
“M-maybe.” Dean had freaked out completely and tried to bat at them with a rolled-up newspaper, but Castiel doesn’t need to know that.
“Oh, come on, don’t be that way.” Dean’s all teasing smiles and twinkling eyes, and he’s gorgeous and annoying and Castiel wants to scream.
Didn’t they mention something about a prophet before? Maybe that’s how these things got online. She can’t imagine being locked into the Winchester psyche day and night until you have to chronicle it all. It would probably kill her.
And Castiel tries to dream up his favorite heaven, full of green things, but it melts at the edges of his mental vision and crumples under a sweeping wall of flame. Heaven ain’t what it used to be, and neither is he.
is the right moment.” Castiel’s voice is thick with disbelief, though a note of hope is shining in his eyes now.
“Cas,” he says. “I, uh. I do have trouble sleeping. I… I probably could use your help. You know, when I need to rest again.”
“Yes, she is.” This time Castiel lets himself flush, but out of pride. He takes a swig of beer, feeling vaguely heady. “But let me ask you a question. I may pay you well, but not as well as other jobs would. Why do you keep accepting?”
“With you, dumbass,” Dean says. “And the feeling is mutual. All right, all right, I’ll let you go, but only because you’re a-frickin-dorable together. Makes me want to gag.”
But still he kneels, cradling Samandriel’s head, as the injured angel looks up at him with a weak smile. “I loved you, Castiel,” he murmurs.
“Sorry. I’ll be more careful.” This time the sponge is much more gentle, and Castiel’s able to relax into it. Dean works at his wings vigorously, steadily, and he starts whistling again halfway through. Castiel’s wings are heavy with soap and suds, but his heart is light. The guy who’s whistling right now doesn’t sound like a man tortured by the Mark of Cain, and maybe it’s worth it to show his dilapidated wings if cleaning him up gives Dean a bit of distraction from his own situation.
The entire cabin rumbles at first, like the air is dancing on his skin alongside his nerves. Then, when Dean is sure they’re off the ground, the flight smoothes out, and they start gliding. The rumble of the engines is drowned out from both their suits and their cabin, and all that surrounds Dean is the steady breathing from his copilot beside him. Every once in a while, Houston (Garth, usually) will pipe up and report the ship’s status, whether it be propulsion or trajectory or something else, but after a while, Dean notices that his own breathing has fallen into the same rhythm as that of the one in his ear — that, or Cas has done the same with Dean’s every breath.
The plate slams down louder than Dean intends on the nightstand, and a smug satisfaction flickers across his conscience as he sees Cas jump.
kind of pitiful, put like that, Dean threatens to be back in exactly an hour, on the dot, before hobbling away.
Dean and Cas had agreed to meet up at noon on Saturday at a little cafe not too far from the Johnson Center, but Saturday is already off to a bad start when Dean wakes up two hours prior to their meeting.
Picking a tree that is slightly more hidden from view, Dean leans against the sturdy trunk, facing the other side of the patch from the camp. The lack of attention he’s been giving himself has made him sensitive, so he absently reassures himself that he shouldn’t take too long.
The rhythmic beat of cantering hooves against the ground broke the spell, slowing until there was nothing but the impatient stomping of a restless horse. Though the ticking droned on, the pen had stopped, paused mid-air, and was gently set on the desk beside the paper. For a moment, there was nothing, perhaps the sound of boots of a dismounting rider against the dirt in the distance. Then, a chair scraped back against the floor and footsteps creaked over the floorboards.
With slow caution, Castiel moved one hand to tip up the brim of his hat, allowing him to see the front of the hotel with more clarity.
a bribe involved, Azazel would usually tip Castiel if asked, not because he’s a good person but merely because he liked to watch the world burn).
is trustworthy of upholding that role. Even now, his patience shines through, waiting but not pushing Dean.
they’re distancing in the first place. Their constant physical closeness and preceding familiarity allows them to even develop somewhat of a silent form of communication, able to convey their thoughts to each other through a series of facial expressions and small body gestures; something about finding themselves sitting next to each other at mealtimes—the entire camp automatically reverting to the same seating almost every time—and listening to the other’s breathing only inches away as they fall asleep at night must do something in giving them a soul-deep understanding of their counterpart.
“Well, unless you have a Moscow plane ticket for tonight—” Dean finally says, and Benny throws a pillow at him.
Sometimes, Dean’s cohort is tasked with traveling up ahead when they reach especially tricky terrain, shovels and pickaxes in hand as they smooth the ground down for the tracks. Most of the time, he’s by the cargo carriage, carrying heavy wooden slats with Cas and lining them up on the flattened ground that had been prepared days before, while other men secure them down in the dirt and lay the iron rails on top. Ranch work is no walk in the park, but this heavy lifting and constant labour burns different muscles in his arms and back. The first night after a long day out at the railroad front, Dean slept like a log — which he knows only because he was immediately singled out as the newbie, waking up with crude doodles and extra but unappealing facial hair drawn with ink on his face in the morning. Even the day after, much to everyone’s amusement, there were still traces of the art, no matter how many times Dean washed his face with soap.
“You know those exchanges were being recorded,” Cas observes, as if Dean doesn’t know the ship inside and out. “Is this how you’re willing to be remembered?”
Then, there were the eyes: the older church women, staring as he left the chapel after morning mass. The young cashier, as he rang up Castiel’s weekly groceries. Even the weary traveller, as they caught his patrol while tying their horse.
“I’ll be the first Space Indiana.” Dean tips his head forward and grips the brim of an invisible hat, putting on a voice.
Dean doesn’t know where the flood of empathy comes from, but he’s almost overwhelmed with it, struck into silence. Some part of him wants to reach out and touch Cas, to hold him, to somehow reassure him that he’ll be alright, but he doesn’t know
“It is good that you are awake, but you need to sleep again,” Pay-ati continues, standing up and gesturing to the water glass and the bowl of soft food on the nightstand. “Your body will be able to direct all of its energy to healing.”
Panicking, Dean’s gaze flickers around them, making sure that no one else is in listening distance (they’re not: the rest of the troupe is sitting around the campfire, finishing their supper and chatting). “
he tested, his voice rough. The name already felt familiar in his mouth, so he savoured its taste, enticed by the way Dean bit his lip to stifle a shaky inhale. A bead of sweat trickled down the back of his neck.
Pay-ati is already gone, but Mary is sitting in a chair across the room, having fetched for Gabriel only a few minutes prior. She gets up once Cas’s breathing has evened, coming up right behind Dean to rest a hand gently on his shoulder. Dean leans back and against her, weary and grateful for her comforting presence.
. Cas is also the man that always saved him a meal at the railroad front, making sure Dean would always get a portion of the best dish served. Cas is also the man who saw Dean at what he thought was bedrock at the time and
Castiel thought about how he had craved for the moment he’d face the stranger at last, see him from up close. Never before had he felt even a remote interest in relations such as these, but here,
the path before him. He’s still hesitant to take the first step forward, but a start is more than what he had before.
Garth already has a bowl of beans and bacon ready and waiting for him; he’s not the bean master yet, but ever since Little Joe took his job as the wrangler, he’s been following Rufus—their official cook—around in an effort to apprentice under him. Rufus—who’s an old friend of Bobby’s—is a cranky old bastard, but
And that’s it: that’s his snapping point. He’s not sure if it’s because the pie itself feels personal, like Cas is turning up his nose at something Dean’s mom had put so much love into, or if perhaps it is an accumulation of everything that’s happened, with Cas’s air of nonchalance being the final straw.
Sam laughs, groaning into his hands and finally meeting Dean’s insistent stare. “I thought you were more observant than that, but I guess I was wrong…
Charlie frowns. “You’re a good man, Dean; I just think you’re the only one who doesn’t believe that.”
do?” Sam puffs out a small laugh while Dean leans his head back, gazing blearily up at the constellations spread out before them.
This time, when Cas doesn’t reply, Dean has an inkling that it’s because he doesn’t have an answer either. Dean sighs, not willing to dwell on the issue.
Cas picks up, and Dean’s whirling thoughts come to a dead stop as the silence lingers for far too long.
But now? At this very moment, with their opposing force greater than that of Earth’s gravity, Dean isn’t falling: he’s
As it turns out, all of his texts are like his first one: phrased like a business email at worst, and rarely straying much farther toward the region deemed
Dean draws the short straw for the night shift that night. It’s not the night shift he minds — in fact, he quite enjoys the space it gives him, the peace of mind. No, it’s the fact that Little Joe had to go and draw the other straw.
Turning around and bringing Impala to a gallop, Dean hurries to where he came from and the direction the cattle are seeming to take.
“We’ll meet again, Winchester. Dark times are upon us.” He pauses, staring out at the sunlight filtering through the glass windows and saloon doors, before laughing to himself. “Well… I suppose that’s not
“Hm.” Dean turned his attention to the movement of his own finger, acting as if the motion was as entrancing as it was to Castiel. “I’ve never heard anything like it.
His free hand trails up along his body, lifting his undershirt from his chest as it lightly brushes against responsive skin. There’s little heat that lingers from the daytime, and Dean is facing in just the right direction for the breeze to softly caress where he’s exposed, and with his fingers, he can feel how his nipples perk at the sensation. He lets his fingers linger there, pulling and twisting and playing with the nub in time with his strokes.
The only reason Dean gets up in the morning is because his subconscious is vividly aware that he’s on the International Space Station, in
Sighing at Dean’s evident frustration at trying to discern his own emotions, Missouri lets him off the hook. “I have an exercise for you, something that may even help you on your stay: I want you to keep a journal.”
“I—” His voice cracks, so he clears his throat and continues. “I’m no good! I’m a terrible person: I’ve taken Gabe
Cas grumbles. Dean reaches out to catch his shirt and slow him down, preventing him from getting too far away.
” He hunches over himself, staring at and fiddling with his hands. “It didn’t mean anything,” he reiterates, almost as if to convince himself of the fact.
Eyes closed as he focused on his task, Dean continued with his ministrations using only his mouth, pulling Castiel’s pulse toward him. Every satisfied hum from the back of Castiel’s throat only seemed to encourage Dean. When Dean looked up at him and sucked at the skin through the fabric there, the back of Castiel’s head hit the door with a groan.
With Dean’s finger paused at the last line of the N, Castiel furrowed his brow. “It’s not the name you left at the hotel.”
“Has anyone seen Little Joe?” he asks, carefully controlling his voice. “I sent him back for an extra pistol.”
She works with Roscosmos, currently studying the muscle degradation of annelids in space. When Dean jokes about her non-Russian sounding name, she laughs and says that she married an American in fluent English.
It’s not often that they get time to themselves. If they’re not at work, then they’re eating with the rest of the troop, or they’re crammed into tents like sardines trying to get some shut eye… and Dean is personally not so tactless to take care of himself in those kinds of conditions.
“I, uh…” He clears his throat. “I see. Um. Glad to see y’all are fine. That’s… that’s good…” he trails off, suddenly wishing he isn’t at the center of attention. He gives them a strained smile. “Can’t do nuthin’ else ‘till the morning comes, so, uh… try to get some shut eye. We’ll head out later tomorrow.” And with that, he turns and leaves.
“Dean Winchester,” he finally introduces himself, reaching over his desk to firmly grasp Castiel’s hand and shake it once. “It’s nice to finally see you
Castiel’s heart thudded in his chest, creeping up into his throat. There wasn’t anything he wanted. Not selfishly, at least. He thumbed over a random number of pages in his bible, skimming over words but not taking anything in.
It takes even more effort to climb out of the washout: Dean eventually decides to go around, finding footing where there’s less of a steep slope. He holds Little Joe gently in his arms, like the kid is some overgrown child, sleeping with his head tucked into Dean’s chest. Dean pretends not to notice the limpness in his limbs and the awkward angle of others, the blood-smeared gashes and the purple bruises that smatter across his skin from underneath his rain slicker. He holds him close, holds him dearly, as he walks back to the camp, Impala in tow.
Both Dean and Cas enjoy cowhand work as much as anyone else in their little family, but both had agreed that they felt a lingering guilt to knowing that there is an evil in the world and not doing anything about it. Thus, they took up hunting and handle any cases of which they catch wind. An interesting side effect, however, ends up being that they encounter too many orphaned children in their travels, and, as fiercely protective as he is, Dean consequently adopts them; it has gotten to a point where he often refers to the ranch as the
Castiel was never the talkative type, but with so many burning questions building and boiling from within, it was inevitable that
He’s in pain, of course, the burns inside of him and the scars left behind by Alastair, but that’s not what hurts him. Dean gulps.
“I used to be obsessed with those movies as a kid,” Dean admits as he’s drifting with some vegetables. “Almost went into archaeology because of it. I’d steal one of my dad’s hats and I got one of those shitty toy whips one Christmas that I ended up losing in a tree a few weeks later.”
Only then, does Dean tear his gaze away, daring to glance at the man strapped in beside him… and if he thought launch was the most life-changing event to take place that day, then he was sure to be sorely mistaken.
Split into broken pieces, the golden pocket watch flies through the air, catching the morning sunlight and reflecting it back like the winking stars of the night… and that’s the last they ever see of Eusolis.
Over and over again, he recited lines he’d known since childhood, clinging to a faith he refused to doubt. By keeping his fingers busy, by keeping his lips moving, he couldn’t be restless, couldn’t stare at the hotel like he was expecting something. A bead of sweat followed his hairline, tickling his skin as it rolled down his cheek.
“This time, I think you are the guest… and I,” he gestured vaguely around the cell, “am your host.” Hesitating for just a second, he toyed with his lip, studying the other cautiously. “What are your pleasures?” Castiel asked instead, suffocating a million bubbling fantasies underneath a mental lid.
The golden engravings of the flames from the sun catch the light of the kerosene lamp, making the metal glint as Dean tilts it from side to side. He rubs his thumb against the lid, feeling the familiar grooves of each eclipsing sun. It’s strange, now, holding the object that very nearly killed both him and Cas… then again, it did more for Dean than he could ever hope. The warmth that seeps into Dean’s palm is diminished too, as if the watch is dormant now.
“-and we have plenty of grip bars around the station to pull us towards it!” Charlie cackles with glee. “Can you
