Depressing right? But Tony’s known this fact since he was 17 years old. His most guarded secret that anyone with a library card could figure out. No matter how many dates he went on, how many people he slept with, or how long they stayed, in the end Tony knew it was always temporary. To really understand, he’d have to go back to the beginning…
Looking stunned Bucky asked, “That’s it Stevie? How long have you two been together?” Steve was opening his mouth to answer when Bucky waved his hand saying, “Scratch that, how long has it been since you two started having sex? I know you, you’ll date someone for a decade before you get them into bed.”
Tony threw up a hand pointing to Clint exclaiming, “Now that would have been a way more believable answer.” Tony tossed over a smirk, “It also would have been a hilarious one coming from you. Do you even have sex? Have you even had sex?” He gasped as something as came to mind. “Oh God, please tell me you’re not a virgin. Oh my God… You are aren’t you?”
He had more or less become resigned to his current situation with the only silver lining being those moments he had alone with his soldier, when he walked off the elevator to Bucky fucking Steve over the sofa. Tony had direct line of sight to the pair right in front of him as soon as he exited. Steve was sitting on the sofa arm, eyes closed and head thrown back clutching Bucky’s shoulders as he stood between Steve’s legs. Cum covered Steve’s chest showing he had got off at least twice already, as Bucky held his legs up pounding into him. Bucky was the only one to notice him enter and acknowledged him with a “Hey Tones” not bothering to stop his efforts to drive Steve to further heights of incoherence. Tony didn’t want to verify if Steve noticed him or not, the answer would hurt too much if it was what he assumed it was, as he gave a nod back saying he was going to shower.
Tony sent a message to Steve that he’d be working all night in his lab as he settled back onto Bucky’s bed. It was a 4 days into Steve’s “alone time” with Tony. The men had taken off this morning to see Thor and Loki, telling Tony they were going to look into a threat and would be back later tonight. When Bucky had called him back from the plane telling him the real reason for their trip, Tony decided to give the man some alone time of his own tonight. Apparently the soldiers had been contemplating Tony’s mortality the past few months and had called in the favor Thor had promised Tony after getting his people settled in Iceland. He had never planned on calling in that favor since he would have helped Thor even if he had nothing to give.
This was shot to hell when Bucky interrupted his inner struggle saying, “Or you could just call me for help. I’ve always been good at putting people in the right position, some they never would’ve even thought of. Warning you now though I can be really rough sometimes, left marks all over the last person I helped but they were really glad I stepped in afterwards.” Tony’s breath caught in his throat and his dick, which had already been half hard, sprung up to fullness. He really hoped Bucky didn’t see it and get the wrong idea, or hear the small moan the leaked through Tony’s lips at his next words. “You could even just let me take care of it for you. Works smoother when I’m in charge of everything anyway, and I always hit the right spots.”
”Yeah, everything went according to plan, well mostly anyway. We’re finishing up now to head home.”
Bucky told Tony that was pretty much the case when he said, “It’s ok honey, I’m pretty wrung out to but… Hmm, just love being inside you sugar. Besides,” He paused, pecking Tony on the lips before giving him a smile, “Kinda want Stevie there to see every time I make you come.”
Chuckling Steve replied, “There’s no chance of me not being around, whether you’re fit or not.” Steve picked of his hand tape from the floor and started rewrapping his hands where the last layer had broken. As he did Steve eyes looked to Bucky asking, “What’s on the agenda for today?”
Steve rose to stand sporting his Captain America mission parameters accepted face, as he bobbed his head in acceptance, “OK, yeah that’s a good idea. I’ll give it a little time then ask if we’re still having problems.” Giving Bucky a smile and wave goodbye he left saying, “Thanks Buck, I really appreciate this. I’ll let you know if things change or what Tony says if they don’t.”
“Hmm, so you love how deep I fuck you baby. How big my cock is inside you. Want you to show me sweetheart. Wrap those pretty lips around it, show me and Stevie how much you want it.” Tony moved quickly to slide down the length of Bucky’s body, closing his eyes as he moaned around the head before he began sliding more into his mouth. “Fuck yeah sugar, that’s it. Take every inch baby, show Stevie how my dick should have been swallowed down.”
“I know you didn’t, and it’s not something I feel all the time but…” Trailing off with a sigh, Bucky dropped his head. “I’ve always been too big to for most people, some girls wouldn’t even try and would high tail out of there as soon as my pants came off. Even the ones I did get to be with, I always have to be really careful about not hurting them.”
When Tony had cornered Bucky in the kitchen 3 days prior asking when they’d get a chance to be together again, Bucky had told him, “Whenever you figure out how to make it happen.”
If you have any ideas or scenarios you want to see you can comment here!
When Tony gave a frustrated whine as he said, “Yeah sure, I’ll uh, just wait…” then collapsed at the end of the bed away from the soldiers, forearm covering his eyes.
Giving Steve an egotistical smirk, Bucky leaned back against his headboard folding his hands behind his head. “So of course you came to me… the cock whisperer.” Steve rolled his eyes at Bucky looking bursting into laughter. “What,” Bucky shrugged chuckling, “I am, and lucky for you since you get my help and expertise. So Stevie… what are you looking for exactly? Do you want me to tell you a few of the things I do?” Selling Steve a conflicted look as a plan formed, Bucky began to steer him in the direction he needed. “I can but… they may not be what Tony is into.”
All of this coincided with Bucky’s cock pounding into the bundle of nerves inside Tony. He drove into Tony with the exact amount of force he loved, that point where it was almost too much sensation but was so good you didn’t want to stop. Using his hips Bucky pushed Tony up and down the huge length breaking him apart, making his head lull back as his body melted into Bucky’s. Tony had no sense of anything, it was too much and not enough at the same time. He lost track of the world around him and couldn’t tell you anything happening out side of the inferno ripping though him.
After a week of watching Steve’s longing gazes and Bucky’s smirk back knowing exactly what Steve wanted when he gave those looks, Tony told Steve he should be with Bucky to. The team thought Tony was doing it for altruistic reasons, but in actuality, Tony’s motivations we purely selfish. He knew at some point Steve would go back to the love of his life, but Tony wanted to keep the super soldier around for as long as possible before that happened. It worked for a while, but as usual it was Tony’s issues that began to drive Steve further and further away from him, that issue being their sex life.
“And as for you…” Nat said looking over to Steve, “Hurt him, and not even that serum or your super strength will save you from me.”
After regaling him about Pepper, Bucky told Tony of a man he liked and thought he could love. When he asked what happened Bucky shrugged, “I needed some things in bed he couldn’t handle.” Tony knew it wasn’t intentional but the way Bucky turned to face him to explain further, the soldier’s breath caressed Tony’s ear with every word. It made it feel like Bucky was whispering to Tony, describing everything he wanted to do to him.
Another dry orgasm shook Tony’s limbs and he began to beg, pleading through tears of frustration for Bucky to let him come. Every muscle in his body was strung tight enabling Tony from making any movements of his own without help. He was bound completely by the fireworks building in an agonizing pressure beneath his skin, each minor eruption making the sensations increase. The words being whispered in his ear from Bucky were not helping to ease the pleasurable sparks rolling through out him. “Gonna make you come so hard Tony, been waiting to take you like this with him watching. I knew you’d choose me baby, you love what I do to you don’t you?”
Steve snorted out a laugh as he said, “Stick to your day job Stark, actin ain’t it. I met Sam in D.C. on that mission with Nat, he helped us out when we couldn’t call you guys in.”
Bucky eyes tracked where Tony was engulfing his shaft in crazed fascination, finding it almost impossible to look away. “Tony begged you to fuck him Steve, but he couldn’t even feel you in him, you heard what he said.” This made Bucky growl and thrust into Tony even harder, wanting him to feel Bucky fucking him not just now but for the rest of the week. “So I’m gonna keep spreadin’ his ass open on my dick until he comes screaming for me like he always does.”
Thanks again for the comments and kudos, I’m ashamed to admit how much I love writing this ☺️ But at least i’m not alone.
Tony dropped impaling himself on Bucky length, grunting as he bottomed out before Bucky even finished his speech. “I love this dick, I love everything you do to me, fuck… I love you. I’m so fucking already yours…”
Tony’s eyes moved to where Bucky was sitting. While his hand was nowhere near his dick anymore it was still standing straight up at attention. As Steve moved from the bed to make his way over, Bucky leaned back getting comfortable and spread his legs. “Want you on your knees for me.”
Bucky gave Tony a heated once over as he made the few steps bringing him back to Bucky’s side. “Thought we’d go through a few stretches first, then try to loosen him up a little more some exercises in the hot tub. There are a few positions I’ve been dying to try on Tony, see if he’s flexible enough to apply to our daily workout routines.” He answered nodding at the large circular pool in the corner a few feet away. Bucky gave Steve an arrogant smile saying, “There were some wall stretches in the book you gave me that I want to try out on him first though, Should help me work my way through Tony’s tightest muscles before we really start going at it in the water. The outline said it’d worked best with a partner, I’ll talk you through the motions to see if you can handle a few in case I’m ever gone.”
As both men’s breathing became more even Bucky smiled at them saying, “Well, I think that was a good first lesson.” Clapping Steve on the shoulder to get his attention, Bucky nodded towards Tony as Steve’s gaze focused on him. “Why don’t you try what I did and let me know how it works out in the morning, alright?” Bucky eyes then traveled over Tony, pausing for a moment on red swollen erection between his legs before walking out. He really did hate to make the other man suffer, but Tony brought this on himself. He’d learn soon though, they both would.
He would have laughed at the terrible pick up but two things happened. The first was Steve saying, “That won’t be happening and was never an option.” Tony began to turn around and tell Steve to fuck off, but he stopped as the other Dom in front of him paled.
Bucky looked sheepish as he leaned over them both to nod at Tony, “I ah, tried but, uh, kinda made a mess of Tony.”
Bucky wanted Tony to be his, so the man would be. He always got what he wanted.
Steve realized these past few weeks he had been neglecting Tony. He loved him so much it hurt, but he loved Bucky to. Coupled with the fact that he had just got Bucky back after so long and the fact Tony wasn’t as into sex and Steve was, he’d been with Bucky far more since they all got together than he had with Tony. Even Bucky had brought it to his attention, that Tony had been spending way more time in his lab than he was in the penthouse most days. He had been pushing Steve to fix things once they noticed the man had become an acquaintance passing through instead of a resident. Even though he tried to hide it, both soldiers saw the slight uneasiness he had around them every once in a while.
When Tony’s gaze refocused Bucky was sitting up, one hand on gripping Tony’s cock and the other gripping his waist. He smirked down at Tony and said, “Thought for a moment you had come already, would’ve hated for this to have been over so quickly.” Looking back at Steve’s flushed face, erection no longer soft but not yet hard, Tony realized Steve couldn’t see the hand wrapped around him acting as a cock ring. That was his last coherent though as Bucky began to slide Tony down his knees, almost lying flat against the bed again, before sliding him back up. “God Tony, anyone that gets to have you like this every day is the luckiest man in the world.”
The movie lasted less than 20 more minutes before finally ending. As the credits began to roll, Bucky stood and stretched his arms high before looking back to Tony. “Gonna call it a night, see you in the morning sweetheart.”
Tony’s glances to his bicep every time he flexed with movement told Bucky that Tony got off on show of strength. The heat that filled Tony’s eyes every time Bucky gave the other man a compliment gave him an easy way of tormenting the man. It also led to him finding out how much dirty talk and a show of confidence made Tony instantly hard. So when the smaller man straddled him, poking Bucky’s inner Beast out of hiding, he knew exactly what buttons to push to make Tony squirm.
Giving Bucky his usual flirty smirk and greeting, Tony reached out to him. Bucky seemed to stare at him lost for a moment before his entire demeanor changed, briefly startling Tony. Grasping his outstretched hand, the smile Bucky gave Tony was sure to have made many a hearts flutter and panties disappear back in the 40’s. The deep voice and Brooklyn accent Tony heard as he spoke probably helped with that to.
Tony’s squeaked out, “Yes mam,” was met with Natasha bright smile and Clint’s laughter echoing from the vents. Not wanting to raise Natasha’s wrath again, Tony suppressed the urge to yell at the archer to stay out of his ceiling.
When Tony went to rise, trying to avoid seeing the disappointment settle on Steve’s face, his legs were gripped tight and kept him from moving. When he could no longer hold it off, he looked up to see the only expression Steve wore was mild confusion as his mouth puckered questioningly.  “Why… You really believe that, you’re not just saying it.” Steve words seemed like they were murmured more to himself than they were to Tony. “Why do you say you can’t submit sweetheart? Why wouldn’t you be able to relax into subspace?”
What Bucky had not planned on, is how much he would like having Tony wrapped around his dick. As soon as he slid inside Tony’s body it gripped Bucky as if it were made for him. Two more thrusts after the first, Bucky knew there was no way he could only keep this for one night. At first his words had been for Tony’s benefit, but halfway through Bucky began needing to leave no doubt everything he said was true. He made sure that no one had ever or would ever take Tony apart like him.
with all his pranks and annoyingly funny shenanigan’s. Tony’s slaps to the back of the head from Nat and Bruce were usually because the archer had roped Tony into trying one stupid thing or another.
“I just had… The thought of, uh, you two…” Steve paused looking even more embarrassed but now turned on as well. Tony was sure if he could have gotten it up again Steve would be full mast right now. “You two could finish together if you wanted.”
Giving Steve a feigned look of ignorance he answered back, “I’m not sure, maybe if you could say whatever it is I should be saying to her first, it’ll jog my memory.”
Sitting up Bucky playfully punched his shoulder, “Since when do you not know how to say anything to me. We’re best friends Steve, you can ask me anything.”
When Tony opened his eyes, he saw in Bucky’s gaze the focus and concentration he had felt in his hands throughout everything that was happening. Tony saw Bucky watching and cataloging every spot that made Tony shiver, every brush against his skin that made him gasp as he just grinded inside Tony, not really slipping at all. Hands still caressing their way across Tony’s body, Bucky gaze lifted to meet Tony’s as he gave his patented cocky smirk, “God Tony, it’s like you were made to be fucked. I don’t think anyone could look as sexy as you do with my cock inside them.” Tony’s eyes fluttered as he shivered and clenched down around Bucky’s length.
Bucky groaned with Tony’s actions saying, “Mmmmkay, I, uh, need to focus on working Tony now. He’s been performing really well, taking every last bit,” Bucky thrusted all the way into his throat hard punctuating each his last words with the motion, “I shove down his throat. Only fair I start eating through my portion, since Tony’s swallowed his.” Bucky was still thrusting into Tony’s mouth when he felt Bucky’s Tongue began licking his sensitive center outside before pushing all the way in. He repeated pushing, stretching the opening as Tony’s noises were muffled by the appendage in his mouth sliding back and forth. Bucky ate him open until Tony’s legs were twitching with each dip of Bucky’s tongue, and his whimpers had increased loud cries of frustration.
Sex with Steve that night had been the best they’d ever had. Tony was still a little revved up from earlier and attacked his boyfriend as soon as they walked into the room. Tony nearly ripped of Steve’s pants in his rush to swallow the other man’s cock. He was so into the blow job that Tony didn’t notice Steve’s telltale nearing orgasm signs coming much sooner than expected and was surprised when he came in less than 5 minutes. Once done he pretty much collapsed on the bed shell-shocked with the intensity, leaving Tony to prep himself.
He wanted to know how to put the glassy eyed look in Tony’s eyes, Steve wasn’t even sure he was completely aware of his surroundings anymore. Tony looked so lost in what he was feeling, he also looked as if he was free, or for a better word at completely peace for the first time. He was so far gone he had let Bucky come in his mouth even though he’d told Steve he didn’t like the taste of cum. Tony had even licked a drop off the head of Bucky’s cock when he pulled his off, closing his eyes as he moaned, looking as if it was the best thing he’d ever tasted.
Laughing darkly Bucky wrapped his hand around Tony’s neck, leaning him back while he spoke to Steve quickening his pace again. “Stevie, if you haven’t noticed, your boyfriend gets easily caught up in what he’s doing.”
Sorry for the wait everyone, the last chapter always takes the longest because I’m trying to tie up loose ends.  Should be posted tomorrow or Friday.
“I just want you to enjoy making love to me the way I enjoy it with you. Bucky’s agreed to show me a few things that might help,” Steve stopped minutely at Tony’s lips parting in a silent gasp when Bucky’s cock pulsed inside the fabric. He thought it was due to his words and stuttered out quickly, “He doesn’t have to, uh, touch you or anything if you don’t want. He can just, you know, sorta watch and guide maybe?”
Bucky could feel his balls beginning to draw up, signaling his release as he let out a rumbling groan into the room. “Fuck yeah Tony, uhhh… You always know just how to take me baby. Feels so good sweetheart, I’m already about to come. Know you didn’t swallow for Steve, but you’re gonna swallow my cum aren’t you sweetheart? Gonna swallow every drop like you swallow my dick, not missing any… Oh fuck, Aren’t you sugar?” Bucky asked as he gripped the back of Tony’s neck and began thrusting into his mouth.
Steve smiled bringing both of Tony’s hands up in his own, placing a kiss on each one. “Thank you baby, I know you don’t care but… Well I’m not being unselfish either,” Steve started blushing as he continued on, “I love the feeling of being with you Tony, I figure if it’s something I can fix to help you enjoy making love to me more then I’ll do whatever it takes.”
“Do anything… whatever you want… feel so good. Uhh, Bucky, all yours… Give you anything.” Tony managed stammer out around the moans coming nonstop from his mouth.
Tony leaned back into his seat eyes moving away from them to stare at the wall. Although his tone was casual, the shadow of pain the flashed in his eyes betrayed how he really felt. “That’s easy enough to answer. He made me feel like I was the only thing that mattered.”
Tony continued to bob up down Bucky as his upper body leaned out of Tony’s view. “Wow Stevie,” Bucky said coming back into Tony’s view. He sucked hard at the shaft when Bucky picked up his coffee sipping it as he glanced down at Tony. Though Bucky’s eyes were aimed at Steve, his hand had come down to caress Tony’s face letting him know his words were for him. “That looks so good. I really like what you’ve done so far.” Tony cock began to throb and he extended a hand down palming it. Bucky began to shake his head as he gripped Tony’s hair saying, “I wouldn’t do that though. That engine looks like it’d explode if you even looked at it wrong. Don’t want to you to do all that work and not get a chance to take it for a ride.”
“I’m good, just came as a surprise. We can still head downstairs.” Eyes coming down to watch Tony tuck him back in his pants, Bucky gave a smirk and said, “I’m definitely in the mood to pound that ass of yours into the floor.”
Chuckling quietly Bucky said, “Proximity can always be an issue.” Tony couldn’t help but glance up at the other man as Bucky leaned back down further in his chair. The movement caused Bucky’s legs to drift forward widening Tony’s as well since they lay outside of his, and bringing his crotch inches away from where Tony leaned in working. The smirk Bucky gave Tony was downright sinful, causing him to shiver faintly. “But I’m sure a smart man like you wouldn’t have trouble getting what you needed. Almost positive that imagination of yours could come up with,” Pausing to lick his lips as Tony eyes followed the movement , Bucky’s gaze traveled down Tony’s body pushing his legs marginally wider as they did, “Multiple positions, making it easy to hit all the spots you wanted.”
Sitting back down in Steve’s lap on top of his hardness Bucky turned Tony around to face him. “You’ll be more comfortable if you can see where its at,” He looked at Tony giving him a cocky smirk, “Seeing that the monster I’m packing isn’t going anywhere you don’t want it to.” Tony’s face was growing flushed at Bucky’s words as as he took off Tony’s sweats, telling Steve if was for Tony’s comfort as well. He put Steve’s hands back at his waist and Tony’s feet beside them as he reached beneath Tony’s bent knees to lift him by his armpits to sit on Bucky’s cock. Leaning Tony back enough for his shirt to hide from Steve how wide his boyfriend’s ass was being wrecked open, Bucky grinded forward bouncing Tony on his length and sliding Steve’s through his flexing crease.
Tony took his food to his lab thinking he should keep his stupid jokes to himself.
Bucky had been tormenting Tony for the past 2 hours since they went to bed. They’d all stripped bare, except for Steve who was still wearing his boxers and crawled into bed. Bucky maneuvered them to their current positions saying he’d work Tony slowly to see if that helped lessen repeats of Tony’s ‘cramping’ muscles. Since then he’d been slowly driving Tony into madness, causing an inferno of sensations first sparkling, before increasing to a massive blaze across Tony’s skin.
Tony could only hear Steve’s reply as he leaned his head forward taking more of Bucky into his mouth, sucking as he motioned back to repeat. “Yeah I got it Buck, doesn’t look too complicated.”
When Tony shook his head answering no to Steve’s question, Steve’s expression became more concentrated as he tried to rotate his hips and figure out what to do. Bucky smirked as he walked in, having received his queue to enter to enter stage left and begin the second part of this act. He really wondered how naïve could Steve get, as he smiled devilishly greeting the pair. Stopping to stand above them Bucky was humming with anticipation, he was about to test exactly how far he could push Steve to get what he wanted. “Hey you two, see you’re practicing those moves I showed you yesterday Steve.”  Bucky hand went to grip Tony behind his neck as he asked, “Is it working for you sweetheart? Is Steve able to get you to release like I did?”
“Fuck yes, God Tony you feel so… Uhh, so good sweetheart.” He slipped out as he softened, reaching a hand down to stroke himself back to hardness.
Bucky let Steve continue as he saw Tony erection begin to flag after about 10 minutes. Looking at the smaller man’s face he smirked, Tony eyes were closed trying so hard not to lose it now that Bucky wasn’t touching him. Seeing Steve growing frustrated as Tony dick lost more and more of its interest Bucky advised, “Why don’t you try eating him out and giving him a few fingers?  Sometimes you need to switch things around depending on what your partner is feeling and needing at the time.” Bucky really wanted to hold Tony open. He hated that Steve was maneuvering him into any position, but knew his plan wouldn’t work if he touched Tony in any way.
And he only comes out at night
Seeing as he thought he was in hell two times prior because of the one and only “James Buchanan Barnes”, his present circumstances being a culmination of both of those times was definitely the worse of all three. All the teasing Tony had endured before giving in at first had the relief of not knowing exactly how great Bucky’s sexual expertise was. The week after Steve came back from his mission, while excruciating since he knew exactly what Bucky was capable of, was tolerable since Tony knew he would have the soldier again at some point. Now Tony suffered from an infinitely worse forms of teasing from the other man with the added knowledge he couldn’t have Bucky anymore.  Sprinkle all that in with Steve trying his hardest to make Tony cum and not being able to succeed for 6 days.
When Bucky saw Tony give Steve an expression of loving adoration before it became a veiled look of guilt he knew he needed focus Tony back on him. “Alright you two, first I need to talk to you both one on one to figure out your likes and dislikes.”
Bucky laughed as he kissed Tony again before leaving him standing there and got dressed. “Never told you I wasn’t sugar, pity you’re only figuring it out now.” Tony sat down on the bed dejected, realizing for the first time just how much manipulating Bucky truly was. Leaving out of the room, Bucky told him, “Put the vibrator in I just bought for you before you leave. Oh, and no sex with Stevie tonight, but you can blow him if you need to.”
Finally having the arm respond Bucky pushed himself up to sit, flexing the metal fingers to make sure he was functional again. Looking to Steve who’d also taken a seat on the floor at his side Bucky just shrugged, “I’m fine now. Hit wasn’t hard enough to do damage but I wasn’t able to move my arm for some reason.”
Tony could barely think, for the past six days he had been edged beyond belief by Bucky. He yelled around hardness in his mouth, causing Steve to grab Tony’s hair and moan as a Tony felt another dry orgasm rake over him. His shudder ran through every limb as Bucky continued to drive in and out of him, still keeping the sluggish pace he had before. Tony was still no closer to a decision when Steve gave a gentle tug on his hair, signaling Tony to release him now that he was fully hard.
The ride to the Tower was long and uncomfortable. Tony made his way to bed feeling a sudden surge of exhaustion. He was tired of…
A snake with blue eyes
Tony and the other man had settled into a comfortable banter since Bucky’s first day down with Steve. They had all sat together talking about whatever came to mind that as Tony worked and Steve sat on his sofa sketching. Having to stop just over an hour into working because of a call from Pepper, Tony told them to come back the following day knowing he’d be heads down for a while. The next day, Steve left halfway through his repairs to make lunch leaving Tony alone with Bucky. At first he was afraid that wouldn’t have anything to talk about and have to sit in silence, but Bucky continued on with him as if Steve never left relaxing Tony enough to continue as well. After that Steve stopped coming with Bucky and would just pop in every so often.
“Tony, Oh my god, what’s wrong… Tony, are you okay? Do we need to stop?” Steve asked sounding panicked above him.
Chuckling Steve gave Tony a kiss thank you before leaving to tell Bucky. He didn’t know what Bucky was up to, but Tony couldn’t wait to find out.
happening. Something you do for each other makes you keep going back. Talk to me Bucky, tell me what’s going on with you so I can understand what’s happening.”
He was bending over, hands on his knees, pulling in deep breaths as Nat asked, “What hell is going on Stark?” After holding up a finger to stall any further questions, Tony walked away slowly still taking in gulps of air before he came back to Natasha’s now smirking face. Laughing softly she chided to him, “You ready now grandpa or you need a few more minutes?”
“Alright Stevie, once he’s positioned here you need to grip his legs about here.” Bucky gripped Tony’s upper thigh under where his sweats were lowered to expose Tony’s ass. Not knowing what Bucky’s intentions were, Tony let yelped ‘Ahh’ as he was lifted from the ground. Bucky held his legs to the wall, Tony’s hips in line with Bucky’s shoulder and his face in front of Bucky’s groin. “When you get him up here in front of your face you can start applying weight to where he needs it.” Tony could feel Bucky’s breath blowing across the skin of his exposed entrance making him whimper.
“Oh fuck, Bucky I…” Steve groaned out breathless just as he came from Bucky’s words alone, cock jumping in his lap with each stream of cum.
The look on the Dom’s face drew Tony out of his thoughts. Though Steve looked both angry and remorseful, his words were calm, only slightly marked by what he was feelings. “I… I’m so sorry Tony, I had no idea baby. If I had… I would never have let you feel this way, not for one more moment.”
Smiling at Steve, Bucky stood after laying Tony on the other man’s chest, clearly fucked out shuddering every few seconds. “It’s nothing, was just having a, um, very hard time. Tony was really tight but we finally were able to work into that spot. I’ll probably hit it again later if you want to help me again. Not that I need it but you obviously are having a rough time thrusting into Tony ass and releasing all that pent up pressure he’s built up.” Steve nodded saying sure tiredly as his gaze fell to Bucky’s dick. Though it was soft it was still just as big and was currently glistening, covered with the remainder of Bucky’s cum not still inside of Tony.
Laughing arrogantly, Bucky knew Steve would be distracted as he said, “Fuck Stevie, every time I split Tony open around my dick feels like the first time. Know you dick is half my size if he’s so tight around me, fucking choking my cock inside him.” Lifting Tony’s shirt to bring his abs into view Bucky felt him began to shudder. Tony was rippling inside and out as his cock grew dark red showing how close it was to erupting. “Look at that Tony,” Tony eyes were hooded and blown wide as he looked down to where Bucky’s hand settled at his abdomen, right below where his cock could be seen poking through the skin there. “I’m fucking my cock so far deep into him Stevie, fuck hmm… You can see me banging into his stomach.”
Tony’s hand began to play with the screw drivers he had near, trying to keep himself grounded enough to talk to Steve. He didn’t even get a chance to answer when Jarvis began spouting his secrets through the lab. “It’s been 3 days, 7 hours, and 36 minutes since Mr. Stark has eaten anything substantial or slept. He did however have a protein shake 26 hours ago.”
Rising up on his elbow and resting his head on his hand, Bucky kissed Steve’s cheek as he said, “He’s right Stevie, tonight was about you.”
Laughing Steve managed to break Bucky’s hold, the latter still not waking from his sleep, to release Tony. Once free again, Tony slipped quietly from the bed to get cleaned up and wash away the remnants of last night. When he finally emerged from the bathroom 30 minutes later both men were still asleep in his bed, although Steve’s eyes did open when he entered. Holding out his hand Steve beckoned Tony back to him.
Tony let out an exaggerated moan feeling himself starting to relax. “You’re the best honey bunches. Knew I kept you around here for something.
Looking amused Steve raised his eyebrows at Tony. “Just because I don’t parade a string of Subs through here for all to see doesn’t me I’m not getting any. I happen to come from a time when being gentlemen also included being discreet. What I do or how I make a sub feel is between me and the sub I’m with.”
Using one arm to hold him to his chest, Bucky pushed Tony up so far he had to look down at Bucky’s face. His other arm reached down to point his leaking erection towards Tony as he lowered him back down on his cock. Tony had slapped both hands on his shoulders, gripping them tightly in surprise as Bucky had maneuvered him around so quickly. He slowly lowered Tony onto his dick, relishing in the tightness around him, watching Tony begin to shake his head and speak through a hooded lustful gaze.
hurt Steve this way. I hope as his friend you can understand that.”
…He may have had to lean back a few times when people got in his way.
Bucky hands resumed their actions. Unable to control it, the thrill of possibly getting caught heated Tony. Hearing Steve, knowing he was completely unaware that Bucky was balls deep sinking into Tony, hurdled him faster to finishing. “Hey Stevie, looks like somethings drilling deep into Tony for him to go ahead and get finished. When will you be back?”
Tony gave Bucky a heated glare as he gripped the other man’s shoulders. “In order to get me to come twice you have to do it a first time. Now stop treating me like glass and fuck me Barnes, you fucked Steve way harder. Let go of all that control, even that last little but you hold back for Steve. I can take it.”
Urged to wipe Steve’s touch away from Tony, Bucky bent him over the kitchen table to take him as soon as Steve left. Reason flew from Bucky’s mind as he hit every spot he knew would drive Tony crazy, causing shrieked moans to be released from the man.  His craving to reinforce to Tony he belonged to him had Bucky driving harder than he ever had into the man. Bucky was purposefully rougher than needed, wanting to ensure Tony would feel him long after they were finished.
As it turns out, Tony being breathing again until after he’d passed out.
The eye roll Tony got from Steve was fully expected, Natasha rising quickly from her chair came as a complete surprise. Banging her fist on the table, the fury she stood with caused her chair to go toppling over as she spat out angrily, “This is not a fucking joke Tony and I will not let you treat it like one.”
“Nah,” Bucky stated as he rose offering a hand to Steve as he pulled the other man up to rise as well. “I think you’ll be too nice if the other person is in the room. Or worse, just say what you think the other person will want to hear.” Clapping his friend on the shoulder Bucky gave him an award winning smile saying, “Let me talk to Tony for a sec, we already talked about the few things you liked when you came to me. I’ll see what Tony wants out of this then we’ll go from there, okay?”
He's the devil in disguise
Tony tossed a glare her way as he continued on, “So it’s a fare assumption.”
Bucky knew what Steve was saying, but fuck if he wasn’t too far gone at the moment. He needed to fill Tony with every drop of cum he could, needed to take and own him in every way possible. There was no way he’d be able to keep himself from doing just that, wasn’t stopping till he marked every inch of Tony’s skin. Wanting to see his cock splitting Tony wide, Bucky quickly unwrapped his legs from around Bucky’s waist and lifted Tony up by his knees. Now holding onto Bucky’s shoulder to keep from falling backward, Bucky held Tony in the air in front of him. Each hard thrust shook Tony’s entire body as Bucky kept him there, unable to do anything but take what he was given.
Feeling his face heat up, along with other body parts, Tony self-consciously licked his lips uncertain of his own response.  Shaking his head slightly to clear it, Tony rolled his chair away breaking Bucky’s grasp to grab another tool from his lab table. He cleared his throat before speaking as he returned back to his place although his voice still came out breathily. “I still say proximity is going to cause too many complications. Blow dart to the ass is the best way to go in my book.”
…At Last.
Tony couldn’t blame him, after having maybe a couple hours sleep between each marathon, even a super soldier would been worn out.
When he went to open his mouth and tell Steve this, the Dom pushed in a small piece of toast. His words were garbled as he tried to chew and get his point across. “th’ts ‘ot w‘at ‘appen… Stop shoving things in my mouth.”
“Why the hell have I never heard of this, I haven’t read about or overheard any other Sub say anything about getting ‘White Noise Syndrome’? There are sub’s everywhere that ignore their instincts all the time but I’ve never seen them get like I do. What gives, are you making this up?” Tony threw back, tone growing more mistrustful with every question.
Rising Bucky lent a hand to help Steve over to sit where he had on the bed beside Tony.  Standing in front of both men Bucky looked to Steve saying, “Alright, I think I may know what’s needed here but let me try a couple things first if that’s ok?” At Steve’s nod Bucky continued looking to Tony as he kneeled down and spread his legs further, smirking as he saw Tony’s breathing become rapid from just that touch, body growing more aroused even though there was a look of resentment on his face. “For this to work Tony, I’m gonna need you to talk to me doll, okay? Let me and Stevie know how everything I’m doing feels.”
Steve watched as one more time turned into another, and then another, and then another. After the third time he stopped trying to interrupt and just watched the two men together. He couldn’t even blame Bucky much for it, at least he had tried to stop initially, Steve was sure he wouldn’t have been able to do even that. Tony begged and pleaded for Bucky over and over again through the sexiest moans Steve had ever heard in his life. They were so filled with need and longing that Steve found himself hard the entire time they were going at it.
Bucky picked up the phone and Tony to lay them both over the arm of the sofa. How he did all and still managed to keep speaking with Steve, Tony didn’t know. Once he was settled, Bucky began moving in and out of Tony completely now, tempo picking up as much as the need to remain undiscovered would allow. Sparks lighting faster throughout his skin, Tony bit into the chair trying to keep his moans from spilling out.
Honestly, what’s the worst that could happen?
Seeing the door slightly ajar with minimal lighting coming through, Tony glanced in first not wanting to wake the other man if he was already asleep. Pushing open the door slightly Tony’s entire body froze with what he saw. Bucky was in bed as he lay on his back, but he was definitely not asleep. His eyes were closed as he laid completely naked, hand gliding slowly to stoke length of his cock. Tony’s low gasp had Bucky opening his eyes to gaze at Tony beneath his lashes.
“I know what you need,” Bucky said interrupting Tony, “Come here baby, want you to ride me.”
He slumped down on Bucky’s chest closing his eyes, breath coming in harsh quick pants as Steve spoke. “Oh my god Tony, why didn’t you tell me you were so tense.” Tony opened his eyes to view Steve looking back at him in concern. “You were in so much pain when Bucky was working that out of you.”
Bucky looked down at the man in question as he groaned out, “He will for me, won’t you sugar. Gonna be good for me and swallow down every drop?” When Tony moaned and tried to nod his head around Bucky’s dick, the last shred of Bucky’s control slipped through his fingers as he poured his release down Tony’s throat with a loud groan. He shivered as he felt Tony swallowing around his cock, throat muscles clenching around Bucky’s shaft when he pumped Tony full of his cum. With one last shudder, Bucky looked down at Tony through a desired filled haze. “You ready for me sweetheart, get yourself nice and wet?”
Bucky chuckled saying, “I doubt you could anyway. You know the way Tony goes at things, trying to swallow the entire package at once. Have to say though he’s great at it. Never met anyone who could gulp down half of what he does.” Tony’s body heated with the praise as he propelled faster, nose touching down to Bucky’s groin before coming back to the top.
The man above him shuddered as his eyes closed for a moment before opening again to stare down at him in awe. “Fuck Tony, can’t believe you all of me in your mouth.” He pulled Tony off of it by his hair giving him a second to breath before thrusting back into Tony’s mouth again. “God you’re so good baby, gonna make you cum so fucking hard.” Pulling Tony off his dick once more, Bucky let the smaller man breath as he said, “Want you to finger yourself open for me sweetheart. Get yourself nice and loose while I fuck your face. Gonna come down your throat before I make that ass of yours mine again. Can you do that for me, you’re doing so well taking it everything I give you. Can you do that one last thing for me?”
miss not standing in an aisle for 20 minutes trying to figure out what to buy, and not spending an hour in the store when I went to buy two things.”
Steve rolled his eyes at Tony’s dramatics from where he set next to him on the common room couch. “Just because I like working out and you’re allergic to it, doesn’t mean no one else sees it like me.”
Tony wasn’t sure when Bucky slicked his fingers, but one slid inside Tony seconds after he spoke. Once Tony began pushing back he added another finger whispering, “Don’t worry baby, I’ll take care of you. I know exactly what you’re missing.” Scissoring a third finger in he brushed over Tony’s prostate drawing a long low moan him. Tony’s hands were fisting the sheet as Bucky continued on listening to Tony’s pleas for him. Finally pulling out, Bucky rose from where he lay between Tony’s legs. Bringing his feet to the floor Bucky stood raking a heated gaze over Tony while slowly stroking over his cock.
Though his hand moved quickly to grab Tony’s making the other man jump slightly, Bucky was surprisingly gentle grabbed Tony’s finger as he stretched the others out to hold them in his metal fist. His Thumb grazed across Tony’s knuckles as he stared into the engineer’s eyes considering his next words. “Alright Tony, if that’s how you feel then I’ll leave you both alone.” Tony’s jerked back slightly in surprise at Bucky’s words. “We won’t be together anymore; I won’t touch you at all. Once you finish fixing up my arm I’ll stay away completely and leave to go back to the compound. Is that what you want baby?”
Tony whimpered when Bucky pushed inside, grinding down into Bucky’s lap. “Tell me something baby,” Bucky began as he moved his finger sliding in and out of Tony, “You love how I make you feel right? Love all the ways I take you apart?” Tony nodded his head but was unable to make a sound as Bucky pushed another finger in. “Don’t you want this all the time, anytime? Do you want to deep inside you every night,” Bucky pushed his fingers hard in Tony, rapidly repeating the movement 2 more time, “and every morning. Making you scream when my dick is nearly in your stomach.”
Gripping Tony’s hips to still his moving, Bucky said, “Here, think I can work it loose of I pound in that area, gotta beat myself in there deep as I can.” Bucky then lifted Tony’s ass from his lap beginning to ram his cock into Tony.  “Yeah, knew you needed me to really pump into these muscles. Think I’m really getting all the way in there now, hitting this like you need it. Can feel the knots loosening and coming apart... you feel it coming to right Tony? You feel me hammering in there, forcing that muscle to come apart for me?”
Steve had fixed him dinner that night, feeding it to him by hand as he had every meal since they’d been together, before laying Tony down to watch a movie as he gave him a massage. By the time he motioned for Tony to turn over, Steve had already succeeded in making him boneless. When he finally made it to his shoulders, Tony was completely relaxed, except for the aching hard on between his legs. It should have come to no surprise to Steve when he snapped and pulled him down for a kiss, but Tony could tell from his gasp of surprise it did.
Tony nodded his head around Bucky’s length in agreement and began giving the best blowjob he’d ever provided to anyone, bar none. He heard Steve’s voice coming in from over the kitchen bar behind him. From where he sat on the floor leaning against the cabinets behind him, Tony knew Steve wouldn’t be able to see anything midway below Bucky’s stomach. Excitement in his voice, Steve said, “Hey Buck look, I finished drawing up the redesign for my bike.”
Bucky continued his gradual glide out and jerking thrust back in, “Yeah, gonna fuck you so good now baby. Gonna make you scream so loud Stevie’ll think you’re dying.”
He was so focused on Tony that he hadn’t noticed Steve standing in the bathroom doorway until he caught movement from the corner of his eye. He saw the other man’s eyes focused on where Bucky was fucking in and out of Tony’s mouth in aroused disbelief. As if feeling Bucky’s eyes, Steve looked up at him. Whatever he saw there must of told him how close Bucky was to coming since he came toward them and sat on the bed saying, “Don’t come in his mouth. Tony doesn’t like to swallow.”
Steve nodded quickly saying, “Yes, that’d be perfect,” before grimacing as he ended with, “I’ll have to talk to Tony first, make sure he’s comfortable with it. Don’t know how he’s gonna feel having, you know, intimate moments in front of someone.” Bucky wanted to laugh; Tony had an exhibitionist streak a mile long. That Steve didn’t know that after 3 years when Bucky knew in 3 days was just ridiculous. Good lord, Steve didn’t know what Tony liked above the bare basics, if he even knew that.
Tony sat in his lab working on Bucky’s arm as he had for the past few days. Being that Tony would often have to stop and work on something urgent from Pepper or about the Accords, it was taking him longer than it normally would to repair. The damage to Bucky’s arm was extensive and Tony was surprised it had taken this long to malfunction. According to the soldier Hydra never did too much upkeep, only giving patch jobs as necessary and usually from what Tony could see, not very well.
That was before his 16
Tony sighed loudly. “I’m not ready to go yet. You guys can go ahead, I’ll find my own way back.”
Tony gaze turned heated and guilty as he shivered staring up at Bucky. “I think you may be the devil.”
So, almost overnight, Tony had gained a houseful of superhero roommates. He didn’t mind at all, the team had grown on him, had become his family in most ways. It would have been perfect if not for one thing…
Let me know what you’d like to see in the comments.
Leering at Tony he said, “Sugar, it would be my absolute pleasure.” Seeing Steve take another condom out of the box to hand over, Bucky shook his head at him before turning to chuckle arrogantly to Tony. “There’s no way those are going to fit on me Tones, so if you want to take a ride,” Bucky paused stroking his shaft from root to tip, “It’s going to have to be bare.” Rising to his knees, Bucky leaned over to where Tony was laying across the edge of the bed and brought their faces together. Still deftly stroking the length between his thighs, Bucky gazed heatedly into Tony’s eyes as he asked, “Do you want me to take over now sweetheart? It’s entirely up to you, but I can’t think of anything I want more than being inside you right now.”
For the first time in his life, Tony wished to be a normal sub. He’d never before wanted to give up any part of who he was, not even to find someone he might be able to spend his life with. But in this weak moment of drunken weariness, he wished that he was so he could be with Steve.
Tony was a wrecked mess of shivers and moans as Bucky fucked him slowly. His hips rolled to meet each thrust, sending tendrils of pleasure rippling across Tony’s skin. Tony’s body kept beating against the door of release, his keening moans and full body spasms coming with more frequency as Bucky continued to deny him his goal. At some point, Tony felt Bucky lean back over him, blanketing his body and raining light kisses across Tony’s lips.
“No, we’d be weighed down too much, and still have to start over before we started sparring because we’d need to get dry clothes. No, guess Tony will be hurting another hour while…” Bucky stopped looking as if he’d just had the best idea. “I got it; we’ll just take our clothes off. That way we can still work out, and Tony’s muscles don’t have to be in agony doing the first stretch over.”
It was the first time James Buchanan Barnes could say he’d ever made love to anyone.
“You’re right. I know it’s unacceptable and Tony does to.” Though he didn’t take his eyes from furious woman in front of him, Tony saw Steve lean forward from the corner of his eye. “It’s also unacceptable for me to let an angry, unstable Domme anywhere near my sub.” Steve then slowly turned away from Nat to face him. “Tony these are your friends, your family, and you’ve hurt them. Stop fighting just because you can and tell them what you’ve been dying to say since yesterday.”
Tony had only been dating Steve for about 5 months when Bucky Barnes decided to show up in their lives. Steve and Sam had been chasing down the soldier for some time with no luck, when he literally showed up on their couch. The couple had just arrived back to the tower from a gala Pepper had forced on them when they received the shock of their lives. Tony couldn’t even remember what they had been talking about on the way up, because as soon as he saw Barnes and saw the look on Steve’s face when he realized who it was, well they didn’t call Tony a genius for nothing. Tony saw the writing on the wall, but that didn’t mean he didn’t want to cling to the corner of happiness he’d found for as long as he could.
Nat sighed laying a hand on his shoulder as she smiled knowingly at him. “If you’d have just worn the shirt like I said, then yeah you’d probably be ok,” She chuckled, eyes going up and down his body through attached to an unbelieving gaze, “But not dressed like this… You’re not going anywhere tonight.”
After that day, things changed and evolved around Tony so fast he felt as if he was hit with it by a train. Steve had taken Tony upstairs to his floor, correctly assuming the only thing in Tony’s pantry was dust. He hadn’t wanted to take him to the communal floor since he didn’t want the team interrupting them and knew Tony wouldn’t want them to see him like this.
He talked the other guy up, giving out sultry pouts and teasing touches as he looked around the other patrons. Tony quickly scanned through the other faces to see whose eyes he had drawn, and whose attention he wanted to keep for the rest of the night. When raked across the cute brunette switch a few chairs over, he knew he’d found his winner.
He was pulled out of his daze, cock still hard in his hand as he heard Tony moaning to Bucky not to stop. Steve began stroking himself again as he heard Bucky ask, “Not gonna stop sweetheart. Gonna be inside this perfect ass for the rest of the night. You’re gonna fall sleep to me inside you and wake up to me fucking you again… Make you come all night for me baby.” Bucky lay Tony back on the bed, kissing the smaller man directly across Steve now. He could now see every inch of Bucky pounding into Tony, stretching the man so wide Steve was sure Tony wouldn’t even feel him if tried to fuck him right now.
He sobered to some degree, laughter gradually dying in his throat, when he took Steve’s expression in fully. Judging by his current features, Steve was very unamused and just shy of slightly furious. His hand went under Tony’s chin to lift his gaze, making sure he had his full attention.
Bringing his hands to Tony’s hips, Bucky began to roll him, sliding the man up and down Bucky’s dick while he began grinding on Steve again. He really hated he couldn’t concentrate on the beautiful man dancing in his lap, so tight around him Bucky had to fight coming every time he pushed inside. Though he had a few minutes to enjoy Tony’s breathy moans and a damn near virgin tightness constricting around him, Bucky had a purpose for this evening’s entertainment. As he switched the angle of his movements making Tony give a squeaky moan of ‘ah, ah, ah’ each time he thrusted in, he felt and saw what he needed to. Though Steve’s gasped moan was very low and covered by Tony’s noises, Bucky felt the man jerk twice beneath him as he came.
“How did you…” Steve started but paused when he found himself trying to speak through the small amount of embarrassment worming its way forward. When Bucky finally opened his eyes, realizing the uncomfortableness Steve felt, he was finally able to push out what he wanted. “How did you know I’d like it?”
“I didn’t realize…” Steve started but stopped when he didn’t know what to else to say.
Snickering at Tony as he rounded the sofa Steve said, “You’ll live I promise, and hey,” Steve paused pointing to Bucky as he backed out into the hallway, “I’m sure if you ask nicely Bucky will show you attention until I get back.
Tony chuckled as he responded back, “It would be even better if your other boyfriend would stop trying to imprison me to this bed.” When Steve gave a questioning look back to him, Tony pointed at the metal arm causing his current problem. “A little help here.”
Tony’s world being flipped upside down didn’t happen immediately. The year and a half the team spent drifting in and out of Tony’s space had been a lot of fun. He’d learned a lot about everyone in that time period, all of them growing closer.
Since the beginning, Tony had successfully made sure all of his and Steve’s interactions were limited and only with others there as well. This was easy enough being that they were all pretty busy, Steve and Tony more than the others, and usually only congregated to do things like movie night. It wasn’t until Tony went through his first noisy period with the team there his record was unfortunately broken. While they usually came at least once a month, fueling a week of creative binges, Tony didn’t realize how much his constant contact with dominants would affected him. It was nearly 3 months after the team moved in officially that Tony even noticed he hadn’t had a noisy spell in months, and it would be another 6 before they started again.
As he began to slip into wakefulness a couple hours later, he started to comprehend the sounds permeating in the room as well as the low murmured voices. Tony could feel the bed moving rhythmically, making what was happening beside him obvious if he hadn’t already caught on. He blinked his eyes opened and was slowly able to make out Bucky and Steve together as his eyes adjusted to the darkness. Both men were laying on their sides as Bucky held one of Steve’s legs up giving Tony full visual of his cock’s slow glide into Steve. Though he could hear Bucky’s low muffled grunts, he couldn’t see his face from where it was buried in the back of Steve’s neck.
“No problem Buck, just want to make sure you’re ok. You should go lie down."
He drew forward even more, bringing his face so close to Tony’s; he could now feel the breath of each word that Steve spoke. “
Bucky opened his mouth to speak but closed it abruptly going slightly red. The list of things he was embarrassed to talk about was extremely short, but Steve had just hit item number one on the head. “I uh, I’ve never said it, but I… Sometimes I hate how big I am… Down there.”
It had been two weeks since Steve had walked into his lab before Tony finally snapped. The dominant had been a constant addition to Tony’s environment everywhere he went. Every time he looked up Steve was around, always sitting next to him in meetings and movie nights, never leaving Tony alone in his lab for too long before making his way down as well. Looking over to where he sat on Tony’s sofa, sketching quietly while Tony worked, the Sub threw his hands up in frustration.
Tony just rolled his eyes over to Nat who slapped a hand over her face muttering something about
Tony had already been on edge for 5 days, it didn’t take long before he began to try and maneuver Bucky where he wanted him. Tony’s attempts to draw Bucky’s body down to his didn’t even disrupt Bucky in his task.  Tony couldn’t move the man a millimeter; it was like pushing at a wall. All other efforts turned out the same, Tony couldn’t move himself or Bucky to get any type of relief. It wasn’t until Bucky was caressing the inside of Tony’s thighs that he got the man’s attention. When Bucky nipped the skin with his teeth, Tony’s cock began leaking desperate for attention. Tony reached to take care of it himself but before he could complete the motion, Bucky’s hand intercepted. Placing Tony’s hand back on the bed, Bucky glided back up Tony’s body and leaned in to kiss his lips.
Bucky growled pushed into Tony twice more before stilling both their movements. When Tony up to Bucky from where his head lay on the man’s shoulder letting out a whine, Bucky leaned down to attack Tony’s mouth with his own. Breaking their kiss, Bucky pushed Tony’s shoulders forward slightly as he grabbed the blanket lying over the back of the couch and draped in around Tony shoulders. Looking back Tony gave Bucky a confused look, getting a smirk in return as hands began to rub Tony’s shoulders telling Friday to turn off the lights. As they were bathed in darkness with only the TV shining light in front of them, the reasons for Bucky’s actions became clear when Steve walked back in to sit down.
Tony snorted as he rolled his eyes. “Because I know what’s really going on at Area 51. Hacked them in the 7
“Fuck, Ah, sorry I have to ram him like this Stevie, but he really needs it. Steve hasn’t been getting in there deep as I am has he, Tony?” Tony’s yells ricocheted off the walls, unable to form coherent sentences and acknowledge any of Bucky’s questions. “Yeah, think I’ll take care of this for Tony when he needs it from now on Steve. He’s probably in pain from so much time not getting worked here right. I’ll make sure to work into him every day, keep pushing in over and over till he can’t take anymore. We can’t have Tony hurting, he definitely needs to be hammered this deep by me all the time, since I’m the only one that can get all the way in him.”  Bucky slammed Tony down to meet each thrust. Tony’s face was to the ceiling with his eyes closed, back arching his ass towards Bucky moaning with each thrust, “Don’t think you’re fitted out to touch down half as far in Tony as I am right now. Your body won’t let you get this far Stevie, you’re just not made to bang away at him like I plan to every day. Am I right Tony, do you need me to nail into you everyday instead of Steve?”
The first time he had come eye to eye with Cap, Tony had felt the urge to do something he’d never done in his life for any Dom, lower his eyes. It was a sign of respect from most Subs to any Dom in their presence, but Tony being Tony hated doing what was expected and hated bowing to societal standards even more. So when the urge hit him in the chest so hard it took his breath away, Tony’s fingers dug into his palms to fight the impulse. After jumping that hurdle, he did what he did best, taking his anger at being a slave to genetics out on the person causing it.
Tony watched as he fled with both shock and amusement. Chuckling softly he turned to Steve asking, “Do I even wanna know the murder look you gave that guy to make him high tail it like that. It would be sad if it wasn’t so hilarious.” He wanted to be angry at the other man, but Tony was past Tipsy on his way to drunk so laughter won out.
right
“We can’t… We’re not supposed, Oh God…” When he finally bottomed out, he didn’t waste any time as he held Tony in place, hammering him with deep hard thrusts. “Steve said…  Ah, fuck Bucky… You know, can’t… Mhmm, always so fucking deep, yeah baby… Oh God don’t stop, so full. Fuck me hard, just like that.”
Tony didn’t even hesitate as he leaned in to wrap his lips around the head, tongue flickering across the tip. Bucky’s eyes darkened as he moaned saying, “God baby, you’re so good to me. Knowing you’d risk this, do anything for me… Gonna fuck you so good sweetheart, take you apart till you’re screaming for me.” Tony’s eyes closed as he moaned around Bucky’s cock, wanting everything the man said and more. “But, that’s only if…” Tony’s eyes snapped open as Bucky drove his cock all into Tony’s mouth. Tony immediately forced himself to relax his throat allowing the entry, then swallowed massaging the head with the muscles there just how Bucky liked it. Tony shuddered from where he sat looking up to Bucky, watching the man’s eyes go hooded as he groaned lit fire through Tony just knowing he was the reason for it. Bucky finished the statement to Tony as he heard footsteps approaching, “That’s only if you can make me come before he leaves.”
“No, it’s something I really need so we eventually broke up. Still looking for the right person that’ll let me take them apart and give me total control.” Swallowing loudly, Tony was glad he soon found the wiring mechanism he didn’t have on hand to replace in Bucky’s arm. He definitely needed space from extremely sexually attractive man. Knowing this Tony delayed in making the order for 4 days and when finally placing it, chose the slowest delivery option possible. It’d probably take 3-4 weeks before Tony received the parts and hopefully he’d have his head on straight by then.
“Feels like no one’s applied any pressure here for years,” Tony looked back to see Bucky give Steve a cocky smirk, “Don’t worry though, I’m sure I can dig in deep and work it loose.” Bucky began subtly meeting Tony’s thrusts down causing sparks to ignite, “How does that feel Tony, am I plowing in there deep enough?”
Tony heard Bucky’s dark chuckle and greeting to Steve before he was unable to follow the conversation anymore. He could hear the two men speaking but failed to comprehend the words as Bucky moved in him. Sliding Tony back and forth in his lap, the soldier could only move about a fourth his cock out before having to drive back in. Tony didn’t care about trying to stop Bucky anymore, he just wanted to chase what he was feeling. He needed more, wanted Bucky slipping out completely before filling him again. Arching back into Tony whispered as much into Bucky’s ear and shivered as a dark fire lit his eyes at the request.
Steve’s expression didn’t give an inch, but his words did soften as he replied, “Tell me why Tony.”
Bucky pressed into Tony, stretching him wider than he’d ever been. Tony felt as if electric currents traveled his skin at Bucky’s slow glide into him. When he finally bottomed out, Tony arched moaning at the feeling. Bucky was igniting Tony in places he’d never felt, filling him in ways he never experienced before. When he began to moderately pace in and out, Tony felt each stoke all over his body. Sliding across his prostrate with every glide, Tony’s moans began to fill the room growing louder with each thrust. Bucky’s chatter was a constant stream in Tony’s ear, saying things like
The man quickly lifted his hands defensively, voice shaking slightly as waved them in the air. “Okay, no problem here guy… Sorry about that.”
Bucky’s fingers slid out and he moved Tony to sit in his lap legs open. Bucky leaned Tony back against him running a hand over his hip, continuing downward over Tony’s hardness before settling just below. Tony heard the fabric of his pants rip as Bucky whispered from beside his ear, “I can make that happen for you baby.” Lifting Tony slightly, Bucky lined his cock up to Tony’s entrance and began gliding inside him from the hole he’d made in Tony’s pants. Tony arched and shivered as he let out a husky moan, the sound lasting the entire time Bucky slowly slid him down. “I can take you apart every time you need it sweetheart,” Bucky rolled Tony’s hips forward sliding out of Tony then pulled him back to fill him again.
“Yeah, he just headed down a few minutes ago. Said he had a something really important to work on.”
“Yeah I don’t know how he does it either. I don’t understand half of what he works on, there is truly no one like Tony Stark.” Tony heard paper rustle as Steve said, “You up for sparring? I’m about to head to the training floor if you want to come.”
Fuck this, Tony Stark did not get jealous. Thirty minutes later, when Tony was trying to signal their waitress for another drink, Natasha slapped his hand down giving him a hard look. “No more Tony, you’ve had 7 shots in the last 20 minutes. You should let those soak in first, then you can have another.”
Steve laughed quietly at Tony’s words before he bent down to kiss his forehead. “Not tonight sweetheart, you’re not ready yet.” Letting go of Tony completely Steve rose from his couch looking down at Tony from where he now stood. “I do want to make sure you don’t have any drops from this,” Steve just smiled at Tony’s rolled eyes, as if just this would cause him to go into subdrop, “So I’d like for you to sleep in my room tonight…” When Tony’s eyebrows rose along with a smirk, Steve drew out his next word. “…
Damn if Barnes wasn’t right. From the moment Bucky began to maneuver Tony up and down, he was pretty much a complete mess. Everything the soldier had learned from his exploration of Tony earlier was used. Bucky’s fingers rubbed across the spot on Tony’s hip that never failed to make him shiver, pinched his nipples just shy of being painful the way Tony loved it, while the other gave a constant pressure against his throat enough to feel but not choke him.
The first two Sub types were the most common and almost 75% of the Sub population fell into those categories. The smaller group of level 7-9 Gratified Subs were the ‘Diva’s’ of the Sub world. They craved attention and recognition. Most Dom’s labeled this group as
The water barely rippled on top in contrast to the bodies rapidly moving below the surface. Tony leaned his head back to meet Steve’s gaze as Bucky continued his powerful thrusts into him. Pushing Tony’s legs all the way to the edge of the pool, feet hanging in the air just outside it, Bucky smiled up at Steve. “Hey Stevie, Tony was complaining about his legs being sore after sparring today. Since I felt responsible pushing into so hard the whole time, I’m helping him stretch. Heard the pool is a good place to cool down and brought him here.”
Bucky gripped Steve’s chin in hand, steering his attention from the panic attack he was working up. “Stevie calm down, I know what we can do.” Steve’s expression turned hopeful and Bucky smiled patting his cheek. “Only way I can let you know what to do is if I’m around while you’re trying different things. That way I’d even be able to show you how to position and move without trying to explain it.” Bucky did his best to make his expression as innocent as possible when he said, “If he’s ok with it, I can even demonstrate on Tony to you so you know exactly what to do, maybe try out a few things till we see what works best. That sound like a plan?”
Well that was lie, he could have stopped himself. Bucky just didn’t want to.
Speaking louder than he needed to be heard by Steve or Tony, Bucky asked, “Tony’s ass is mine now right, since I’m the only one that knows how to smash it open the way he needs?” Not waiting for a response Bucky continued looking at Tony, “Steve already said he can’t pound into you like I am. Know he’s lacking the equipment to ram into your ass, splitting and filling you through every last spot like I am.”
Seeing the telltale signs of Steve about to come, Tony pulled off of him, using his hand to stroke him through his orgasm. Feeling Bucky’s eyes on them definitely had an effect. Tony felt a little more hot and bothered than he normally did when Steve fingered him. Steve’s movements felt rushed, as if he was barely able to keep himself under control. That was pretty much confirmed when he’d barely gotten three fingers in good before looking pleadingly at Tony, “Please tell me you’re ready baby, I can’t… I need you so bad. Are you ready, can I take you now honey?”
When Steve finished he stepped back, giving Tony room to breathe again though each puff now shook slightly. There was no doubt in Tony’s mind that Steve would follow through on every word he’d just said. The façade he’d been holding on to for too long already began to crumble to pieces, Steve’s words and the noise in his head making it too hard to keep up anymore. His leg began to bounce in anxiety as his fingers drummed against the work table for the same reason. “I… I can’t… I mean, I can eat but… I won’t be able to sleep. Not right now, it’s… It’s too hard.”
Subs due to their constant need for approval and their startling tempers when they didn’t get their way. The higher your level, the harder it was for Dom’s to exert control or put you into Subspace. Most Subs at this level liked being independent, only subservient or respectful to their Dom and maybe a handful of others that gained their admiration.
“Shit,” Tony said dropping down beside Bucky, leaning back and covering his face with both hands. Bucky left Tony to his thoughts, knowing the genius would come to the only possible conclusion.  “We’re going to have to play along with his plan for a little while, there’s no way around it.”  Tony knew if he refused, then Steve would feel rejected thinking Tony didn’t want intimacy between them. All attempts to connect physically would be strained from that point on, with Steve thinking Tony wasn’t enjoying what they were doing even if he actually was. Taking his hand from his face Tony looked at Bucky saying, “One week, then you pronounce us cured or whatever okay?”
Face still a startling enflamed Tony spoke with obvious embarrassment. “I, um… I think that… Bucky really stretched me earlier… Can’t feel you… Can’t really feel you that much.”
Now that he’d done what he needed to, Bucky could sit back enjoying Tony screaming and constricting around him with each thrust. Bucky looked down to glare at where he was stretching Tony open, appearing and disappearing inside the smaller man as he hammered harder. Feeling Steve’s cock pulse beneath him signaling an impending orgasm, he felt the tingling in his balls of his own as well.
