"Well, yeah," Tony replied, back to his normal, chatty self. "You shocked me, okay? I was just offering you a sweet, and then, boom! You were kissing me,"
at war. He'd struggled to adjust to this bright, modern century, and, despite his intelligence, had taken ages to learn how to use the new technologies, because nobody had been there to teach him. He'd suffered from horrendous nightmares and sleepless nights, panic attacks and flashbacks, and everything else PTSD related, and he'd had to do it all alone, because all of his friends were dead.
"Yeah?! Well, sorry doesn't cut it, Steve!" Tony shouted, standing up. "You can't just expect me to accept your apology and move on, Steve! One apology won't excuse the last few weeks-"
," Brock Rumlow sneered, pushing Tony against the wall and pinning him there with his arm. "You're nothing more then a useless piece of-"
"Tony," Steve warned. Normally, he would have blushed and chuckled, but right now it was becoming very difficult to breathe, and his vision was blurry and distorted, and he couldn't really feel his legs anymore, and the only thing he could really hear was the blood pounding in his ears, and—and— "Promise me."
Suddenly there was a familiar, warm hand caressing his cheek and cupping his jaw, drawing him back to reality, and Steve almost instantly pushed his head towards it's touch, laying his own hand over the top to keep it in place. He forced himself to look up — to find Tony's eyes and hold his gaze there — and was greeted by those beautiful doe eyes blinking back at him, matched with a kind, soft smile and—
"That was the cutest thing I've ever seen," Clint said, as soon as Tony had closed the door. "Or heard, for that matter. Tesoro? Vai a dormire adesso? That's what you said, right? I didn't know you could speak Italian,"
"What?" Steve frowned, leaning forward which caused the bed to dip ever so slightly. "What did you say...?"
"Okay," Tony agreed. "Love you," He added, smiling goofily. Steve chuckled at his expression, though he too wore a similar one on his face.
"He just spoke again!" Bruce said, ignoring Tony and grinning like a mad man. "Tony, don't you realise? That's the first time he's said a word since this whole thing happened!"
Steve blinked several times in a dazed fashion before finally muttering almost robotically: "I think something fell out of your pocket."
There was a small clicking sound of metal on metal as Steve let go of the dog tags that were now around Tony's neck. They came to rest infront of the arc reactor. Tony couldn't speak, his words caught in his throat.
He was silenced by another kick, once again aimed at his ribcage. "Shut the fuck up," Brock hissed, and Tony let out a pained moan as he kicked him again, near the same place as before. "Now, let this be your final warning. If you try that shit again, your nose won't be the only thing I'll break, you weak...pathetic...piece...of...shit," He warned, emphasizing each word with an agonizing kick. He was aiming for the same area - his ribcage - and Tony thanked God that they weren't already broken (though he knew that a large, angry bruise would definitely blossom there later).
It took him a few seconds to spot him, and when he did, Tony felt a sudden wave of sorrow as he watched. Steve was sat on the cold floor, his knees brought up to his chest, with one arm wrapped tightly around them. The other was holding onto a dark mug, that had tipped over, the contents (Tony guessed it was hot chocolate) spilling onto the floor in a brown puddle.
Tony then spotted the way Steve was shivering, and the slightly noticeable shaking of his head. The philanthropist bit his lip sadly, and slowly knelt down next to him, avoiding the hot liquid on the floor.
"Why?" Tony asked, tilting his head. "I know it was Steve who made you come down here, so what's the point?"
"Nuh-uh," Tony shook his head. "You are not getting out of this one," He laughed. "Captain America just flirted with me. This is a dream come true-" He stopped himself, realising what he'd just said.
"For the love of-" Steve sighed, pinching his nose. "Just take it, Tony. Please," He pleaded, lifting his head and softening his eyes. Tony, unable to resist those God-damn puppy eyes, sighed and took it from him, holding it to his nose.
"It really is fine. The boss asked me to do this, anyway, so it's not like you're the one who requested it."
Steve stepped into the elevator, then said, “Yeah. I didn’t wanna wake you.” The elevator doors closed smoothly, and, letting out a small laugh, he asked, “Do you think you’d be able to stand?” He already knew what the answer would be.
going to change. You're a rarity, Tony. There's nobody else out there who's as talented, generous, wonderful and loving as you. I-I'd never leave you, because I love you, and there's no chance that I'd ever find another man like you, because you're
"Yeah, yeah," Tony waved his hand, dismissively, and then turned his back on Bucky, opening up a blue hologram of an Iron Man gauntlet. "Look, these repulsors aren't going to fix themselves, okay?" It barely came out like a question, and the actual message behind it was clear: leave, please.
The smaller man simply hummed in response, too sleepy to say anything else, and so Steve kept quiet and waited until they reached their bedroom. It was still the same as it was this morning, the bed unmade and clothes scattered about on the floor, but Steve didn’t care. He’d sort it all out tomorrow.
Tony sat, with his shoulders slumped, on the edge of the bed, staring gloomily at the leaflet in his hand, reading the bold, black letters over and over and over again:
"Shh, shh...I'm okay, you didn't hurt me." Tony kept repeating, running his free hand through Steve's hair to comfort him. "You didn't hurt me."
"Right," Tony replied, meeting the man's gaze and narrowing his eyes slightly. "Well then, you obviously know about Iron Man, and how I can kick your ass into next week-"
"Hush," Steve laughed. He felt Tony's shoulder shake as he chuckled too. "You should try and get some sleep. It's late enough now as it is—"
"If you'd given me a warning of some kind first, or maybe a suggestive biting of your lip, or something-"
they would go downstairs, hand in hand, and either go out to save the world (again) or laze about in the tower. Or go for a walk in Central Park, if the weather was nice.
"Back in the forties, fellas would give their sweethearts their dog tags as a way to show them that they loved them, and that they'd never leave them," Steve informed Tony, his voice surprisingly steady. "I don't want you to think that you're unwanted, or worthless, or whatever else you said, ever again, okay? I want you to keep them as a reminder that I love you, Tony, so fucking much,"
, Tony, I-God, I thought I was just introducing Bucky to the new world, I had no idea that-" He paused. "I've been ignoring you, haven't I? Leaving you out of things, cancelling plans, and now tonight, I-fuck, this is all my
"Yeah, I suppose it's hard to keep count, huh?" He shrugged. "I have them all the time. Christ, they're amazing,"
"Steve, you better explain to me what this is all about when you get home, alright? And I swear to God, if I find a bunch of sex toys—"
"How many times do I-I have to tell you, Rumlow?" Tony interrupted, trying to sound calm despite the fact that his heart was hammering in his chest: Rumlow's face was very close. "Stop talking. You lower the IQ of the entire school just by opening your m-"
Steve tried to answer, and nearly choked on his own blood. Ah, right. Punctured lung. He spat red onto the concrete, wishing that he had a drink to wash away it's metallic taste, and when he tried to breath again he found it coming out in short, raspy wheezes.
It turns out that Tony did have to explain everything after all, because as soon as Steve laid eyes on him, his expression changed from neutral to complete panic, and he raced over to him, demanding to know what had happened.
Steve chuckled, hooking his fingers under Tony's chin, making the brunet look up. "Looks like Rumlow's learnt his lesson, huh?" He mumbled, and Tony snorted, loosing his bashful look and replacing it with a sarcastic eye roll.
"Steve. I wasn't laughing at you," Tony promised. "I was laughing...I was laughing because when I asked you if you wanted a, uh, a kiss, I was talking about a Hershey's Kiss. As in, the little chocolate sweets. Not a...not an actual kiss..."
Tony swallowed a lump in his throat, and combed his shaking fingers through his hair. "Fuck, I—I had it all planned out," He stammered, pushing himself further towards Steve. "I was going to—to—"
. But I know this is your way of saying I love you—" Tony's face flushed red at that, and he quickly ducked his head; his lips curled into a tiny smile. "—and the fact that you went to all of that effort for us? That's why
"Thank you," Steve whispered, earning a small smile from Tony. Then the blond stepped forward a little, lifting his hands and placing them on Tony's shoulders, before bringing the man towards him to hug him affectionately — an action which Tony accepted instantly. It was a little awkward at first (Steve had to be mindful of the sharp blades under their feet, after all) but after a few seconds of shuffling, their bodies finally settled into place: Tony automatically buried his face in the crook of Steve's neck; Steve rested his chin comfortably atop Tony's coconut-scented hair. "I love you so much,"
"Oh, yeah, nearly forgot about that," Tony replied, using his free hand to save and close his work, an amused smile on his face. ("Tony, Tony, Ton-ee! Hehehe, dat's funny! To-nee! Tooooonnnnyyyyy..."). After about a minute of listening to Steve giggling away to himself, he said, "Right, kiddo. Let's go get you some food, yeah?"
Steve, the poor little thing, was stood in the doorway, crying his eyes out. He held tightly onto a blanket in one hand that mimicked his shield
Steve narrowed his eyes, and in the distance, the bell rung. "He better not do," Steve grumbled, and Tony, even though he was the victim in the whole ordeal, laughed.
(Tony was also very insecure, and probably thought he'd angered Steve, if the sudden flurry of texts that followed was anything to go by. Great.)
— popped into his mind for the last time as his head sagged sideways towards his slumped shoulders) and then, finally, with his arms hanging loose by his sides, the light faded from them until they were gazing blankly into nothingness, wide and open, yet dull and lifeless. Unseeing.
"For God's sake-" Steve sharply turned around, and it was clear enough from the look on his face that he was about to start arguing again (Steve was so, so stubborn). But then his eyes landed on Tony; he saw the desperation (and...fear?) in his boyfriend's eyes, and his gaze softened. With a sigh, he said, "Oh, Tony, I'm-hey, now, don't-look, I...I'm sorry for yelling at you-"
"Oh, my God," Tony's eyelids fluttered shut, and his lips parted as he somehow twisted around in Steve's grasp, leaning into the blond's touch. "You are such a-" He was silenced by Steve's lips on his, and he made a noise in the back of his throat, a pleasured groan, as he accepted the kiss, pushing forward, demanding for more, and Steve-
"I-" Tony stared at Bruce, then at Steve, who was beaming brightly at him, and then back to Bruce again. "That is completely irrelevant to what I was saying,"
As he pulled the duvet over himself and got comfortable, Tony scooted along the mattress and pressed himself against Steve's side, resting his head on his chest and wrapping an arm around his waist. Steve smiled and enveloped him in a hug, kissing his forehead tenderly. Tony gave a happy sigh in response, and Steve's smile grew.
Steve sighed to himself, absentmindedly drumming his fingers against his thigh, and gazed tiredly out of the car window. It was late at night, and the sky was dark and dull; no stars were ever visible in the forever light-polluted New York City. A continuous downpour splattered heavily against the glass and ever-so-slightly blurred the view outside, so that all he could really see amongst the sea of traffic was the variety of hazy headlights and, above him, the flashing of billboards. The world looked miserable, and Steve didn’t doubt that the drivers surrounding him felt the same. He certainly did.
"Again, whatever helps you sleep at night, Tony," Steve teased, ruffling his hair. Tony batted his hand away, pouting like a child.
The door slid open with a hiss, startling Barnes. His widened eyes looked directly at Tony's and he made a hesitant gesture towards the doorway. "Can I-"
"I'm not a complete asshole, you know," Tony stated. "I'm not going to cast you out onto the streets or anything. How cruel,"
"That's...odd," He knew exactly what Steve was talking about, because the blonde had told him this story numerous times before. But to hear it coming out of six-year-old-Steve's mouth confused him, because that particular event occurred way after Steve's current age, which...didn't make a lot of sense, really.
Tony wasn't jealous. He wasn't. He was just a little bit ticked off that Steve had suddenly become so...distant...that was all...
He’d tried to tell Tony this numerous times, but Tony was always adamant about the matter. Admittedly, that used to annoy Steve. But then he’d remembered Tony telling him about his parents’ death — how, thanks to Howard’s dangerous driving, he’d become both an orphan and the new owner of Stark Industries at such a young age — and recalled the haunted look that had been present in his while he’d told the story. He realised, then, that it wouldn’t be fair to ignore Tony’s request. Tony had enough anxiety to deal with as it was, he didn’t need the image of Steve dying, in the same way as his mom and father, praying on his mind as well.
up here," Tony growled, pressing a button on his watch. Within seconds, his Iron Man gauntlet was forming around his hand, and he lifted his arm to point it at Barnes. "You won't
playing on their TV. More often than not, Tony fell asleep before the first movie even finished, which Steve always found adorable.
"My parents certainly don't give a crap, I mean, yeah, I guess Mom would be pretty pissed, but she hasn't got a backbone; she wouldn't do anything. And Howard-well, you know how Howard is. There's nothing we can do-"
Steve wasn't having any of it, removing his hands and hastily pulling his hoodie over his head, rolling it into a ball and holding it out for Tony to take. The brunet frowned, shaking his head.
"I know, Steve," Tony whispered. He'd never seen him so broken before. "I know," He placed a hesitant hand on his hair, then ran his fingers through the blonde locks. Steve didn't object, so Tony didn't stop.
"What?" Steve asked quietly, frowning at the way Tony was looking at him: it was like he was frightened of...of something. "What is it?"
"You're one of those people, Cap." Happy responded softly. “Tony’s life wouldn’t be the same without you.”
"What?" Steve echoed, more startled than before. He pulled away from the hug, and Tony pouted slightly - Steve was warm!
"I know, I know, I just-" He sighed, pulling away from the hug and cupping Tony's face in his hands. "The fact that this guy has been hurting you all this time, I-I
"Don't. I'm not angry at you, I'm just-" Steve sighed, and Tony could've sworn that there were tears in his eyes. "Why didn't you say anything on the phone? I made you walk all this way-what if something else happened? What if you-you could've collapsed, for crying out loud, or something worse could've-"
Tony chuckled. "Well, let me tell you, Steve. You weren't half as bad as you thought you were," After a moment, he added: "Actually, that's an understatement,"
That was enough for Tony to jump out of his chair, and hurry towards the elevator. He'd soon realised after the amounts of occurrences that an increased heart rate meant a nightmare of some sort.
Tony sounded relieved. "Guess your old age is finally catching up to you, Grandpa," He teased, and Steve smiled sadly.
"I-" Tony paused, looking up at Steve's smirking face. He narrowed his eyes for a second, then a goofy grin formed on his lips, and he ducked his head. "Yeah, yeah. Guess I do,"
Steve had to tighten his grip on the book to stop it from falling out of his hands and wacking Tony in the face as he shook with laughter. At Tony's offended look, he quickly said, "No, wait, I'm—I'm sorry, I just—You're so cute when you start babbling."
"I-Is that what you say to yourself i-in the mirror each morning?" Tony managed to get out, and yeah, okay, so it wasn't his best comeback, but considering his current position, it was the best he could come up with off the top of his head. "Because it's-"
“I really wish I could help.” Steve pressed a kiss to the top of his head, his eyebrows furrowed with sadness at the thought of Tony being in so much pain. “But I don’t know what to—“
"Oh, no," Happy laughed, "I know you're a good guy, Cap. It's nothing personal, I'm just always looking out for the boss, you know?"
It was slow and soft, comforting in ways that words would never be. Steve's hand rested below Tony's ear, gently caressing his cheek as their breaths mingled. Tony ran his fingers down Steve's back, tickling his spine, and pulled him closer until there was no space left between them, and he could almost feel the delighted beating of his heart against his chest.
"I actually think it might be more to do with magic, than science. Which goes against basically everything I believe in, but, well, we know it exists, because of Strange,"
A low groan escaped his throat as he tried to prop himself up against the broken remains of an old brick wall, jarring his injuries in the process. The pain was unbearable — it felt like an icy wind, choking the breath from his lungs as though a noose was around his neck. Fiery bursts pulsated around each wound, intensifying with every shuddering breath he took as he tried to compose himself.
The letter escaped from his shaking hands and floated gracefully to the floor. Tony watched it blankly with tear-filled eyes, and—
"As you should be." Happy stated with a firm, short nod of his head. "Don't wanna hear you talking about him in any other way."
"Hey, it's okay," Tony said quietly, and suddenly he was right beside Steve, taking his hand. His voice was soft and caring as he said, "I can show you how to—" before he suddenly went pale. "Oh, God, wait—"
Tony stared at him. "Who-" He blinked, and then his face changed when the realisation hit him. He leaned back, shaking his head stubbornly. "No. Sarah's already done enough for me as it is-"
Steve's head snapped up, and he stared at Tony. "'A dream come true', huh?" He repeated, and then he smirked. "Really, now?"
“Aw, love, I’m sorry,” he said softly, tightening his hold on Tony ever-so-slightly to bring him closer. “Is it still the arc reactor...?”
," Tony waved a hand dismissively as he stood, wobbling only slightly for a few seconds before quickly regaining balance. "Whoops. Heh, I suppose it has been a while since I last wore these..."
"I don't know," said Tony. He gently jostled Steve in his arms, repositioning him to stop him from sliding out of his grasp. Then he looked at the blonde, and asked, "Uh...kid? How old are you, exactly?"
Tony's words fell short as Steve suddenly shot his head upwards to look at him. "Yes," was all he said.
Tony let out a small huff, wriggling in Steve's arms to push himself further against his husband, as if to pointedly say,
"You were triggered. It's okay, don't fret about it," Tony said, nodding at the spilled drink. "It happens sometimes. I know you can't help it, and that's ok. But you're safe, alright?"
"Yes!" Tony exclaimed. "You were fucking amazing-" Steve's face went as red as a tomato. "So much so, that I'd like to go for round two,"
Tony hesitated, taking a moment to think about it, then slowly uncoiled his fingers and removed his hand. Steve watched it disappear back under the duvet with a small grin. Quietly, he toed off his shoes, then took off his jacket, shirt and trousers and laid them neatly on the floor. He made his way around the bed and slipped under the covers, not bothering to wear anything else other than his boxers — it was partly because he was too tired to bother getting any pyjamas out, but mostly due to the fact that, with Tony here in bed with him, he wouldn’t get cold. He never did.
Steve blinked, and his cheeks were suddenly getting warm. "Oh," He swallowed, and then ran a hand through his hair. The gesture was unusual - normally Steve kept his golden locks perfectly styled - and Tony looked at him oddly, tilting his head.
It took him a while to regain his senses, but he managed to get back onto his feet eventually, leaning heavily against a wall.
Thunder clapped loudly in the distance. Shortly after, the sky was lit up as a lightning bolt struck the Earth. The heavy rain then hit the large windows of the Stark tower loudly. This continuous performance hadn't stopped since it began in the early hours of the Monday morning, and all day the usually bright New York City sky was covered with a blanket of dark clouds. Now though, as the hidden sun set behind the black abyss, the storm was getting worse: the thunder beckoning louder then ever; lightning bolts striking closer and closer; rain (and even mild hailstone) quickening it's pace.
Unable to help himself, Steve slowly knelt down beside the sofa, and reached out carefully with one hand, gently brushing a few loose strands of hair away from Tony’s damp forehead. His partner didn’t stir once, just carried on snoring softly without reacting at all to Steve’s movements. Clearly, he was in a deep sleep. Steve wanted to wake him up, to let him know that he was back, but he also knew Tony needed the rest. He rarely ever got enough sleep as it was, but now more than ever did he need the energy.
The pain was horrendous, and Tony felt something warm and wet slowly making it's way down his face. He soon realised it was blood by the metallic taste in his mouth. Rumlow laughed a real, genuine, amused laugh, as though Tony's discomfort entertained him (you sick, twisted bastard) and kicked him in the ribs.
, Steve thought. He placed both palms on either side of Tony's face, took a deep, shaky breath, and looked Tony in the eyes, blue meeting brown.
"Steve? You still there?" Tony interrupted his thoughts. "You haven't fallen asleep again, have you?" He chuckled.
“Yeah, sweetheart.” Steve grinned, then started to move towards the elevator. He looked back down and saw that Tony had closed his eyes again, seemingly unable to help himself.
"Yes," Tony said, trying not to think of how many his company made, or how necessary they were.  "We humans war more frequently than dragons.  Hazard of being more easily accessible to each other, I suppose."
"Need to know basis, Captain," Fury said, confirming his suspicions.  "You'll figure it out eventually if you succeed."
anything from them, but something like his father and the War, those were personal.  Private in ways that felt too vulnerable for someone he just met to see.
Sam's wings curled around him protectively, but didn't cut off his view of the dancing.  "We know," Sam said quietly, and Tony was torn between wishing he could feel the dragon's wings around him and being glad the armor was shielding him from it.  "Steve knows that too.  Just... be careful.  For both of your sakes."
"You can," Tony said firmer, though he didn't move back.  He didn't quite lose the baffled look either.  Still, Steve was willing to come to him, and he slid one hand behind him to rest on to the small of Tony's back, the other reached forward to tilt Tony's chin the fraction of an inch higher needed for Steve claim his lips.
"Bad weather stirring up the trolls and the goblins," Peggy said, her tail flicking to the side in worry.  Tony didn't let himself think about how there was weather underground, because that was more of a headache than he wanted to think about.  He
Steve stared at Iron Man in shock, fury building up.  "You knew all along?  And you were willing to chance someone's
.  It hurt so much that it ached in a dark, empty way that felt too much like the abyss of realizing he was alone in this century.
For a long while Tony didn't move.  Steve expected some kind of joke to laugh it off, probably an innuendo of some sort, but nothing was forth coming.  Then he slowly reached for the helmet, an unseen release clicking as he lifted it up.
"I'll call if I do." Sam gripped Steve's shoulder reassuringly when Steve looked down. "We'll find him. He gets squirrel-y with you around though, and you're needed here. Let me try alone this time and see if it makes a difference."
"Your choice was already given whether you acknowledge your permission or not."  Tony jumped at the new voice, looking up to see Wanda and Sharon alighting on the roof.  "It is a deep connection and it can only happen with a willingness from both sides.  As Sam said, it has been building for a while, and has only been waiting for you both to lower your walls."
Tony had no shame or embarrassment to speak of.  Rhodey had seen worse.  He just grabbed his cup of coffee as Rhodey offered it to him and contemplated other ways to get Steve in trouble.  He sighed into the freshly brewed Americano with great pleasure.
need to give her more material).  Tony's hands settled over Natasha's for a moment as he took a deep breath, then he stood up, fussing with the bowl of soup as he talked.  "It's good for you.  And for your soul.  At least, that's what the internet tells me.  Or were those the heartwarming stories?  Whatever.  It works, right?"
"Okay, ducklings.  Thanks for restoring me, Little Bird, but I think I need some alone time with Cap."
She sounded scared, but determined.  Steve couldn't argue with that.  "Take care," he said, hanging up the phone.
impact on the War, he also suspected it would take a life time of studying.  A life time he didn't have to waste if the Nazis won before that.  The War sometimes felt like it would never end.
," he stressed, and Steve tightened the arm around his waist.  "You know the past couple of leads haven't panned out.  The Skrulls are laying a lot of traps for us.  This might be another one."
"Like I said, no blame," Tony said.  "I'll let bygones be bygones.  Sorry for shooting you."  He looked at the still-covered wound and felt vaguely guilty, despite the fact it had been self-defense.
It was shorter than he remembered, but at least the suit didn't look any worse for wear.  Getting it on again was a pain in the ass, but doable.  He missed Jarvis lecturing him or Rhodey briefing him as it went on.  The new suit was lighter and smaller, much more advanced after he got the orichalcum, and looking up at the fallen rocks, Tony couldn't tell if that was a curse or a blessing in his plans to escape this place.  Making sure the orichalcum was secure, Tony set about creating a path.
, Steve wanted to protest, feeling shame rising up inside of him. God, Tony had been so excited to come, and here he was messing it all up. See, he'd put on a happy face and pretended to know what he was doing, but the truth was Steve had only ever been ice skating once in his life: back in 1937, with Bucky. And...It hadn't ended well. Steve had avoided ice skating after that. But now Tony was expecting him to be able to skate, and he'd organised the whole thing just for Steve (as he'd explicitly made clear), yet the blond couldn't even step onto the ice, let alone glide around as perfectly as Tony had done, and—
"Actually..." Bucky smiled sheepishly, rubbing the back of his neck. "I lied. To Steve, I mean," He shrugged. "I told him I was going to explore the tower. I never said I was going to see you, and Stevie never told me to,"
"I'm gonna go put him to bed," Tony told Bruce. "If you see The Terrible Twosome, let them know that they're idiots for allowing a small child to toddle around near a laboratory unprotected,"
Steve knew better than to argue. He’d tried to once, the first time Happy had taken him to SHIELD, but Happy was just so goddamn
"Uh-huh," Tony nodded, not believing a word of it. "Well, something's got your patriotic panties in a twist,"
"I missed you too, Buck," Steve grinned, and brought the two of them even closer together by tightening his grip on the soldier. It took a few seconds for him to register what was happening, but then Bucky was closing his eyes and hugging him back, his anger disappearing all at once as his shoulders sagged in relief. The two best friends looked so happy to be with each other again that Tony would've found the whole situation endearing -- if it wasn't for all the weapons Bucky currently had strapped to his body, or the way his shiny metal arm was wrapped ever-so-tightly around Steve's body, or the fact that he had just turned up, unannounced, after somehow sneaking into the tower. Tony had nearly spilled his coffee in shock when those elevator doors had opened and revealed
"Oh, right," Tony laughed lightly. "No offence, but, well, you kinda always get confused about new, modern stuff-"
The soldier reached out tentatively with his metal arm, and his fingers hovered for a few seconds over the
Rumlow was quick, quicker than Tony expected, and grabbed the back of his shirt before he could escape.
They'd go and have dinner first, of course. Tony was going to let Steve choose, and he was going to pay for the whole thing, though he knew Steve, being the gentleman he was, would've protested, but still.
"Don't," Tony said, stopping his words. He raised his hand. "Don't thank me. What's the point? I mean, it's not like we actually got to do it, since
"If you're going to talk about me like I'm not in the room, Steve, then I might as well just fucking leave," Tony grumbled, narrowing his eyes at Steve. He spun on his heel-
. Today, it was different — although it wasn’t Happy’s fault. They were stuck in traffic, and had been for what felt like hours. Whenever they moved forward, it was only for a couple of inches, nothing more, before stopping again.
Tony couldn't speak, ragged gasps of air escaping his mouth instead as he shedded tears, and then suddenly all the strength he had left seemed to vanish at once; he titled forward and sank to his knees — Bruce only just managed to get his arms around him quick enough to cushion his fall — not noticing the way the letter fell from his grasp as he squeezed his eyes shut and pressed his palms into his eyes.
"Y-yeah, I bet," Steve replied, stammering like crazy. His palms were practically dripping sweat: he wiped them hastily on his jeans.
"Yeah, it shouldn't be a problem. I doubt you'll go that fast anyway," Tony said, giving him a reassuring smile and a kiss on the cheek. "You'll be fine. Just slide towards me. It'll be like a baby talking it's first steps."
"Yes!" Tony insisted, and the adorable look on his face as he pouted was priceless. Steve wished he had a camera. Or some pencils and paper. "Steve, it's the absolute
"Do you hear yourself? 'Teaching Rumlow a lesson'? Christ," Tony rubbed a hand over his face. "I know why you feel that way, Steve, but you can't just start picking fights-"
That was new. But he followed the AI's words and headed for that floor instead. As soon as the machine stopped and the doors opened, Tony quickly hurried to search for Steve.
"It's fine," Tony awkwardly muttered, watching as Steve sat back down again, so close to him this time that their thighs and shoulders were touching. "I get why you-I mean, it's understandable as to why you'd want to-" He exhaled slowly. Steve didn't interrupt, so he continued, "I-I know that you care about me, and that you want, I don't know, justice, or whatever, but there are other ways to do that, without...picking fights and getting yourself hurt,"
Despite everything, the selfie made Steve laugh quietly. Tony's mouth was stretched wide in an exaggerated, open grin, and he was giving a thumbs-up with his free hand. That, matched with his wide eyes and his absolute
"I..." Tony inhaled slowly, then ducked his head and let out a small, "Yes. I was going to propose."
"Yeah, you are," He agreed, shifting into a crouch before standing up, extending a hand out for Tony, who took it gratefully, allowing himself to be pulled to his feet. Steve allowed him a few seconds to regain his balance, and then enveloped him in a tight hug. "But if I wasn't there-"
Steve held Tony tighter for a few minutes, not saying anything, and the brunet let him, even as the cold wetness of the ice began to seep through his clothes.
"I said-" Steve exhaled, pinching the bridge of his nose. "Look. Hydra kidnapped Bucky, okay? They took him, and the changed him. They brainwashed him. They-" Steve stopped himself, realising that he was bringing up old memories that Bucky most definitely didn't want to remember. "Sorry, Buck. The point, Tony, is that Bucky wasn't himself when he...when he did what he did. He wasn't in control of his own body. He couldn't stop-"
Steve nodded his little head. "Bucky was on a train," He pouted slightly. "And then...he weft, papa, but I-I can't 'member-"
Steve bit his lip to try and prevent what would undoubtedly be a very sappy grin from breaking out on his face. "I can imagine. No doubt I’m the same.” He knew better had a tendency to...
” He always found it hard to resist Tony when he was like this. “But you’re gonna have to let me go so I can get ‘round to the other side.”
, clearing up. Steve should've been excited, but all he did was make a small noise of acknowledgement, not looking up from his phone screen. He didn't know what it was, but there was something about Tony's texts that worried him.
"Don't be such a drama queen," Steve said fondly, rolling his eyes. "Now, come on, we need to get that nose seen to,"
"Oh, Steve," Tony held him closer, and pressed a kiss into the child's hair (it smelt rather strongly of apple, which was odd, but Tony didn't comment on it). "Of course I'm not going to leave you. I'll always be here when you need me,"
!" Steve shouted, and Tony couldn't help but flinch a little. "Stop. It." He turned to Bucky and smiled awkwardly. "I'm sorry, he's never normally like this-"
"Ah, I see," Tony replied, and Steve wasn't sure if he genuinely believed him or not, but he didn't sound suspicious. "Well, it's nice to hear your voice, darling."
For the third time that night it was silent again, and the only noise was the ticking of the clock, and the gentle moans escaping the men's mouths. Neither noticed the door in the kitchen opening, nor did they see Natasha as she grabbed a glass from a cupboard walked quietly over to the sink, and filled the cup with water. She drank two small sips, then turned around, leaning against the counter.
"Could I..." Steve paused, gazing into Tony's eyes. He hadn't noticed before, but Tony's eyes weren't just brown. They reminded Steve of the old barn door at Clint's house: flecks of deep mahogany married with lighter hues of gold, full of strength despite everything the man had been through, and full of life. Steve was captured by them for a few seconds, unable to look away, because they were just so...breathtakingly beautiful. He took a deep breath, and gently placed a hand on the billionaire's cheek. "May I kiss you?"
, hot chocolate, and cuddles. Since Steve couldn't get ill thanks to the serum, he could spend as much time as he wanted by Tony's side. And so whenever the man was sick, he always made him a mug of hot chocolate and sat snuggled up to his side in bed, with
"Are you sure you're okay, Steve?" Tony chuckled, and Steve released a (painful) breath of relief, realising that the short silence had simply occurred because Tony had been taken aback by his statement. "Did you just ring me up to say that you love me?"
Now, Steve hadn't realised at first, but Tony must've assumed he was being followed by the blond as he circled the rink: he didn't look back for Steve once. It was only when Tony passed Steve for the umpteenth time (at a much closer distance than before) that he suddenly noticed the blond unexpectedly standing at the side, and not skating behind him like he'd first thought.
," Tony finished, before Steve could say anymore. "It was just an accident. And if—if anything, I should've known it wouldn't have worked, so it's kinda my fault..."
," He breathed, rushing over to his friend's side. "Oh my, God, are you okay? What's wrong? What's happened? Tony? Tony—"
, Steve thought, already picturing himself toppling to the floor as soon as he stepped forward. His knees would buckle; he'd slide all over—
"Are you serious?" Tony scoffed and took a step forwards. "Steve, this man just walked in here with zero explanation, decked head-to-toe in all sorts of weapons, and you expect me to 'be
He wanted to say something, to deny it.  To shake his head and look Cap in the eye.  But he couldn't, not when he was a burden to everyone.  It wasn't just self-pity telling him that.  He was dragging everyone down, and he didn't know how to keep afloat.
Tony's hand had ended up curled in Steve's shirt, and it tightened, pulling it taut.  "They know Iron Man.  They'd expect him when they see me."
To avoid getting an elbow to the gut when Steve inevitably tried again, Tony reached up.  Steve went completely still as Tony touched his cheek.  He rubbed it gently, the motion far more intimate than it ever had been with the dragons.
"Hold that thought, princess."  Tony looked blank for a few moments, and Kes wondered if he was talking to Cap.  "Okay, I'll be right back.  Do
"I'm here," Tony replied, watching the HUD boot up.  100% power and 95% fuel, magical or other wise.  He refused to think on it further.  "You can hear me?"
"Oh, uh... It's just a personal favor," Iron Man said.  "Nothing serious, Cap.  Just looking for some peace of mind."
Peggy and Steve took off laughing, and while Tony had seen dragon dancing a few nights ago, there was something more elegant and sensuous when Steve and Peggy danced that made Tony wish he had actual wings.  It was dangerous too.  Tony's heart pump nearly stopped when they both dropped about fifty feet in the free fall before straightening up.
"You have," Pepper said with a frown.  "That's the folder you made to keep tabs on him while we were fighting different battles.  Rhodey and Jarvis didn't want to give it to you, but I thought... I hope it helps you get things straight."
He had to admit he'd been glad he ran into Natasha when he'd been looking for Clint on advice on what to wear for a 'not-date, not-business' meeting.  Due to the civilians and partners of varying experience she's worked with in the past, plus quick getaways and identity changes of her own, she knew a lot about clothes for both sexes.  Clint was practical.  She was right in the fact he did want to look good.
Steve was, at least, able to take out some of that frustration in the gym.  Which was how Natasha and Clint found him, lifting weights Tony had specifically designed to give super-soldiers and resident aliens a work out.  Clint looked at the weight counter and whistled, but didn't comment.
Tony sighed, manipulating the headlines until the Skrull had a Hitler mustache.  Not that anyone in this time remembered Hitler as anything more than a piece of history and a might-have-been.  Humanity had come far among the stars, but they still fought against many of the same things.
It was cold when he woke up.  Steve was always cold without him.  Would he be cold without Steve?  He curled tighter around himself as the rocks started to fall.  The noise was what woke him up, but he ignored it.   It didn't matter.
"I still am," Steve said, though he was also partially angry with himself for falling for Stark's trick.  "I can't get a hold of Iron Man, but something is wrong, Nat.  Something bad.  I need to figure out what's going on."
"Thank you for finding this place, Mr. Stark," Viper said, her green dress shimmering as she moved, using her veil as a shawl.  The fact that she knew his last name when he hadn't told her before didn't bode well for him.  "I would have had to search for a long time to find it on my own.  I apologize for Cobra breaking your arm, but we couldn't find a way to get the machine off of you.  It would be nice to take back with me as a memento, but I don't have the tools to cut metal right now and I'll have my own prize soon enough."
Steve wished Tony would tell him what was going on.  The broken phrase pricked at his curiosity, but Steve pushed it aside.  He would have to be patient and not push for answers like everything in him screamed to.  Tony  had said he'd tried to tell them in the past.  He had to believe that Tony might keep trying, and he was going to have to learn to read more between the lines.
"I heard someone say that dragons dance even in war.  And I remembered humans do a lot of dancing during it too," Tony said as he started to pet Steve's head again.  The grief started to subside little by little, but it never went away either now that Tony could identify the emotion.  It settled into a dull ache that Tony was very familiar with.
Natasha didn't even look up from her book as she gave Tony the middle finger.  "The common floor is upstairs, Stark," she said, though she couldn't have been too bothered since she let them come in in the first place.
The room was dark and Tony brought the moss lamp up when the thermographic equipment wasn't giving him much.  The entire room was like a larger stone version of the one up top, but without the windows.  And instead of being empty, on the podium of the altar sat a red object that was hard to make out.  It was the only bit of color in the room.  This room felt even older than the metal temple and it gave Tony chills.
Steve pressed his hand over his face in what Clint always called a 'facepalm' as Carol stole the drawing from him.  "This looks amazing, Jan," she said.  "I want one too!"
.  He shouldn't be this annoyed because Steve was being a cuddle bug, and he knew it wasn't because Steve thought he was fragile, no matter what the dark voice in his coding told him.
"No, JARVIS is still offline in the Tower," the woman said, looking at her phone.  "He's the one who called us and said there was trouble.  But I think he's connecting through my phone - he said it should only be a matter of time before he's back."
"It's hard to think of living anyway else," Steve replied, a claw running through Tony's hair.  It felt nicer than Tony would have thought and Steve was very careful of his claws.  "Is this how humans hurt each other so much, like in your memories of the War?"
"Thank you."  He felt the soft brush of lips against his cheek, but didn't feel as excited as he might have been at the start of this journey.  Instead, he thought of Steve curled around him, blue eyes shining with affection in the crystal's light.  He wasn't completely comfortable with those thoughts, however, so he focused on the softness of Viper's lips.
He twitched violently before he remembered not to move, crying out in pain as the metal of his own suit cut further into his leg.  He heard a few pebbles fall nearby, but nothing big.  Tony bit his lip and forced down the panic.  Someone would find him.  It's only been thirty minutes.
Tony stopped working, leaning his head against the side of the machine and closing his eyes.  He looked as exhausted as Steve felt, if not more so.
"No," Steve said, though he wasn't sure how to explain to Iron Man that it really was about his boss.  "I..."
When he got back to the hospital, he knocked on the door to find Tony charming one of the nurses.  "He likes sugar," Tony said, smiling at her.  Steve was starting to classify Tony's smiles and this was definitely the PR version, but the kinder one.  He looked tired still, and Steve wondered how much sleep Tony had gotten on the flight here.  "He won't admit it though, so you'll have to put the sugar in yourself or he'll drink it straight and be cranky for the rest of the day."
Tony gaped at him a moment before replying.  "I was going to say that you tumbled me into the bushes, but it sounds dirtier when you say it.  But Steve, people are going to talk, and it won't be nice things."
"I don't know what you've read in the tabloids, but I am a dinner and flowers kind of guy now," Tony said.
Burgers, Steve discovered, could be found almost anywhere, even if Tony grumbled about liking Burger King better.  But one second Tony was sitting next to him while Steve was politely listening to the sergeant assigned to them, and the next he was gone.  Steve understandably panicked.
"I'm sorry."  Steve's voice was weak and distant, as though they had all those layers of stone and metal still between them.  "That's the best I can do."
But Thor shook his head, passing his phone over to Steve.  "It is the culture of Midgard that is baffling," he admitted.  "Perhaps you know of what Darcy speaks.  She asks of a 'blind item' and its truthfulness, but I do not know what to make of the term or the story."
Steve's phone rang, interrupting the line he'd been drawing.  Muffling a curse, Steve fished his phone out of his pocket, setting his drawing aside.  He nearly dropped it when he saw a video call from Natasha, then a tightness in his chest relaxed.
," Tony replied, calculating the rounds he had left verses the number of heads and knowing he didn't have enough.
As soon as Sam was gone, Steve sighed, his shoulders slumping. He stared down at his tablet again. Then he opened up Photoshop and started to draw. He really wasn't surprised it was Bucky that started to stare out at him. How Bucky used to be, but his eyes... Steve tried a few times, but he couldn't get them right. Not with the way Bucky had stared at him on the helicarrier. He scribbled a black box over Bucky's eyes in frustration.
The portal and the chair were gone.  The warehouse courtyard was still littered with robots, which Steve hadn't been expecting.  He thought they would have gone with Kang.  On a closer look, the chair was also still there, but it was in so many pieces that it looked like the robot guts strewn about.
"Uh, date then.  Definitely not a mistake," Tony said, coughing as he turned slightly away and made some quick swipes to the screen on Steve's phone.
Stark had his chin up defiantly, like he expected Steve to yell at him too.  Steve was honestly a bit too blown away by Stark's bravery and kindness to yell, however.  "You could have been hurt."
When Tony turned around to face Steve, he beamed at Tony, brushing aside the hair that had fallen into Tony's eyes.  Tony needed a haircut, but Steve liked it a little long like that.  "Hey, there, Shellhead.  I brought down some of Clint's cake."
"I'll keep that in mind," Tony said, this time standing up slower and with some assistance from Sharon.  It passed quickly enough, and Tony suspected a bit of food would set him to right.
"Why don't you get some more rest," Pepper said, moving the tray away.  He hadn't eaten much, but she sensed he wasn't going to eat any more.
For a long moment, Iron Man didn't move.  Then he pulled back and put a safe distance between them, and Steve let go as disappointment set in.  "Steve, I'm honored, but I can't...  Secret identities are part of the agreement with the other Avengers.  You can't know..."
"Because he doesn't trust you," Ms. Potts said easily, as if the answer wouldn't cut him deeply.  "He trusts you to save the city and his own life if the situation called for it, but he has a long history of trusting people who have hurt him, and that starts to take a toll.  And after Afghanistan, he hasn't given his trust to much of anyone who wasn't already in his inner circle.  You have to understand that it will take time for him to find that trust again, and it's not your fault.  And once he gives that trust, he gives everything."
She nodded and she stepped closer, noting that the eye he could see was, indeed, green.  A stunningly lovely shade like pure jade if Tony were to wax poetic, and attraction was one thing that Tony never felt the need to have denial for.  But there was a time and place, and the poor girl was scared and trapped with a strange man.  "Take the lantern and hold on tight, okay?" he said, scooping her up into his arms with relative ease.
"Yes and no," Bruce said.  "I've seen enough of his work to know the science community would go nuts if he was bothered enough to publish, but Coulson had been dead set against bringing Stark in for finding the Tesseract.  Most of the input I got from him on finding it came through a secret communication Iron Man had.  I always assumed it was because Coulson was hiding the weapons, but..."  Bruce looked down at his tea, contemplating it quietly.
"Don't need your excuses, Shellhead." Bitterness wrapped around Steve as he moved around the bag until he didn't have to look at Iron Man as he started up again.
Tony tightened his own mental walls, but Steve didn't appear to notice.  "It's no fairy tale," Tony said, leaning against the rail of the balcony and trying not to shiver.  What had felt nice when he came out was quickly becoming just the wrong side of cold.
Steve opened his mouth to ask why Tony would start a fight, but Ms. Potts steamrolled over him with a grace that spoke of much experience in cutting other people off.  "Second, don't hand him things.  That's a personal quirk and he only accepts things from people he knows very well. Don't take it too hard.  Third, you will have to swallow your pride to get through to him.  Once you do, I can't tell you what will happen.  Fourth, do not under any circumstances talk to or call the paparazzi about anything he does or tells you."
That hit her like a punch to the gut, Kor'la'vin's words coming back twofold.  "You saw what I did.  God, she was counting on me
"...Steve?" No reply.  No feeling.  Nothing for Tony to grasp at as Steve slipped through his fingers.  "Steve, come back."
"Alright.  Let's go get dinner for our fledgling Avenger," Tony said, tugging slightly but not pulling away.  Steve let go, because he was being ridiculous.  It had been months.  He should be better at this.
"Wanted to make sure the story was solid before you told anyone," Fury replied.  "Though I'd dearly love to know who was actually in Afghanistan with Rhodes, I'll figure that out later."
Tony nodded, even though it wasn't a video call.  "Yup.  I'll let her know.  Thanks for calling, little bear.  Talk to you soon."
"Charge the crystal for us, Mr. Stark.  All it should take is a sustained blast from that weapon in your hand.  We're on a tight schedule and I've been away too long as it is."
"Strange to sleep outside but not to see the stars," he said, covering a yawn.  Even when London's pollution had made it hard to see, he could still see the moon.  Especially the last time he was there, when all the lights were turned off to hide from German bombs.
"No, I... It's the common denominator, Steve.  That message was from Future Tony Number Eight.  I've failed to do this right
Steve grunted, staring at the bare kitchen.  Stark didn't put on a light, but even in the darkness it looked clean enough.  It usually always was, and Steve was continuously surprised by that no matter how many times he saw it.
Steve chuckled, then kissed Tony's temple.  "Okay," he agreed, because it was probably bad form to leave before one's partner had woken up on their first night together, even if it was for a drawing.
Tony fought back a wince, though he doubted Steve would be able to see it.  "Little strong on the grip there, Cap."
Rhodey pulled him into a one-armed hug and Tony rested his head on his shoulder.  "I've been with you a long time, Tony," Rhodey said.  "Even when I tried to quit you, I couldn't stay away too long.  We've been through a lot, you and me."
Tony's eyes went comically wide.  "Sure, I'll just call up a dictator from a hostile nation for consultation," Tony said, falling back on sarcasm.
"Impossible," Kang said, struggling to stand with the electrical currents.  "You went to Afghanistan.   There's no way a relic like that armor could get into my technology!"
"What?"  Steve couldn't be...  Steve wasn't cruel.  Now that he knew about Tony's feelings, he'd never try to lead him on.  But that could only mean...  Steve had never shown any interest, never let Tony do anything to help beyond absolutely necessary.  They were friends, apparently good ones even, but Steve never...
Tony pushed up on Steve's chest, blinking down at him owlishly.  "You draw them kissing and holding hands all the time.  Even without requests."
Heading back down, Susan fired the missile as soon as she was close enough to avoid any counter measures.  She put on a burst of speed as the cannon blew up behind her, heading to her last target.  She twisted, her stomach dropping out as she took a sharp turn down to avoid a pulse beam.  Bringing up her hands, she shot at the train's windows and the Skrull manning the gun, diving through the broken glass.  She was glad that it'd worked.  Tony had used too many 'probablys' when she'd asked if the repulsors had the power to break through the defenses.
A computer-generated corporeal body of a long dead super-hero ancestor of her best friends, that is.  Susan couldn't handle this much weird in her life.
There was a ping, and Steve saw Leon's data that Tony had sent him.  "They broke his leg," Steve said, his hands tightening briefly on Tony's shoulders.
"Depends on how it's done," Tony said, though the tension in his shoulders eased at the lack of condemnation.  Very few people knew about his dalliances with men.  It wasn't respectable for an adventurer, though given his money and position in society, it was tolerated.   That didn't mean it was easy.
Steve fought down the wave of disappointment.  "Figured the butterfly had good taste.  But if you don't want to, then I...  That's okay too."
Clint had a mock betrayed look before he shrugged at Thor.  "Heard Phil got in a huge fight about it with Nick, but no one was ever sure why.  Hell if either of them would talk to me about it."
A cup of coffee was pushed into his hands, the warmth flooding through his fingers.  He looked up, but saw no one.  He didn't realize Steve was behind him until large hands started to massage his shoulders.  Tony couldn't help the soft moan that escaped his lips as Steve's expert fingers eased out the knots.
The kids were going to make it.  The future was bleak, but they could handle it.  Steve and Tony would be there for them when they needed it.  It was going to be alright.
Steve stopped growling and put his head close to the ground, removing his tail from Tony's torso.  Tony could feel the shame and embarrassment rolling off him like he was just waking up and still sleepily reacting to things.  The pose made Tony want to pet Steve and tell him it'd be okay.  Pain stopped him from acting on it though.
Steve was very careful of his strength when he heard the name of their benefactor.  Crushing the glass of juice would only make things more awkward between him and Iron Man, and he was better than that.  He hated the small amount of jealousy that flared up at the reminder of Iron Man's employer.  Iron Man had the right to choose, and he had chosen his loyalty to Stark.
"Stark, listen to me.  Don't kill him," Steve's voice said, the suit automatically locating the origin and throwing up the image of Steve to his right.
Tony swallowed, looking away from the camera and no doubt thinking of the previous version of him who hadn't been able to save Steve.  "Really, just don't tell him.  Or anyone else.  If this goes right, Doom is there when you hear the message, but no one else can know.  There's too many variables otherwise.  This is what
Steve gripped Tony's wrist, because he wasn't going to be distracted this time.  "Turn back into your older form?"
half-remembered screams from when Kang held him swallowed over Tony's current shouting for Steve to get back.  Kang had hurt his best friend, had gone after the other Avengers's families.  This ended now.
It was dark.  He missed the crystal he'd lost in the cave because now the only light was the horrific red glow from the skull.  It was enough to see the eyes glowing in the heads that tried to bite at him and the terrifically sharp teeth that could do more than just dent the armor.  The repulsors made things worse, so he fired the flame thrower at one of the heads before the ground under him started to shake.  Startled, Tony nearly fell off and only the flame thrower saved him from getting bitten in half as he tried to regain his footing.
"Why did you hide it?" Peggy asked sorrowfully.  "We could have helped you with the stone and found out that she was lying.  Didn't you trust us?"
Indignation over came the blush, thankfully.  "Just because you can't appreciate fine specimens of humanity is no reason to wound a man's pride by saying he 'looks funny.'"  Tony stood and brushed himself off, the bond lessening when he was no longer touching Steve, but it was still there.  He could feel Steve pouting.  "What are you doing in my workshop anyway?  And how did you get in?" he asked, wiping away the wetness around his eyes.
Tony pulled back after a chaster, but no less passionate, kiss.  The hand that had been tangled in Steve's hair came around to cup Steve's cheek.  "Steve, you...  Every time I lost hope, you were there.  You kept me from drowning.  You make me feel like I
Three curious dragons were waiting when he finally made it to the gate.  Steve, of course, had seen it before.  Sam had too, but not seen how it could fly.  The curiosity ended up being so strong that it was an almost palatable taste in his mouth.
"It wasn't your fault, JARVIS," Steve said, looking once again at the door and biting his lip.  "Is it alright for me to go in?"
"You needed to know if there was anything time-sensitive," Tony said, dismissing the apology as he went back to the game.  His movements were too stiff to be casual no matter how hard he tried.
"But..." Susan said, her eyes widening.  Avengers didn't kill if they could avoid it.  That's what the history books
A terrifying roar answered his question.  "I think the hydra's awake," Tony said, scrambling to stand.  The ground shook again, but this time he was able to lift off before it got too bad.  He heard the roar again behind him and looked down, catching his first glimpse of the hydra.
listening to him.  The man whose house they all lived in, whose millions they spent, fighting right along beside them the whole time.  And
"Thank you for the soup," she said, her arms wrapping around Tony's waist as she rested her chin on his shoulder.  Steve told himself firmly that jealousy was not an emotion he should entertain, even if Tony was basically sitting in Natasha's lap.
He looked over at Steve, who was staring at him, blue eyes wide and full of wonder.  "They're beautiful," he said, his voice a bare whisper in Tony's mind.
"I'm sorry," Steve said, not knowing if he was apologizing for what happened or for following Tony all the way out here when it was something so private.  He was still so angry with Tony for what he said, but now wasn't the time or the place.
Tony felt a painful gasp work its way through his lungs and he closed his eyes, trying to hide what little he could by burying his face against Steve's neck.  "But you..." Tony said, his voice muffled enough to hide how broken he felt.  "You never wanted me.  You never..."
"I wouldn't want you to think I'm going easy on you," Steve said, grinning back at him.  "What's your favorite color?"
She hesitated for a moment, then threw herself into Tony's arms.  Even if he was a computer program, his hugs were warm and all-encompassing.  "Shh, honey, I've got you.  It's okay, gumdrop," he said, and she couldn't help but laugh at the names Tony came up with.
"What?" Iron Man said, coming around where Steve could see the gold and red armor.  "What the hell?  Why didn't you raise an alarm?'
Viper reached down and picked up the HT, glaring at him with her one visible eye.  "Let the dragon go, Cobra," she said into the HT.
"Tony," Steve said, breaking through the block, probably with Kestrel's help.  Tony would have sighed, but that girl did make him proud of his genes.
His hands tightened around it briefly, then he turned and screamed as he threw it against the wall.  The sound of metal hitting the brick wall rang through the workshop as he sat down in the chair and covered his face with his hands.  He let out a long, shuddering breath.
"So if I couldn't hide it from you, what does that make this?" Tony asked.  "Is this pity or guilt?  I don't want either."
Steve blinked.  He was missing something here.  He could have sworn Jan said she was making a super-villain outfit.  "Why are you turning to crime?"  It couldn't be for money, because both she and Tony helped fund the Avengers and had their own well-earned and large fortunes.
Steve raised an eyebrow.  That was different, though now that he could see the chicken broth half hidden on the other side of Tony, it made more sense.  "Anyone sick?" Steve asked, mentally tallying who he had run into today.  Bruce and Thor didn't get sick.  Pepper had seemed fine when she called to ask Steve to attend a Maria Stark Foundation charity event.  Maria Hill looked angry when he'd passed her in the hall, not sick.  Clint was still undercover, and Natasha-
"Just back there," Tony said, gesturing to the left, but his eyes remained on the food.  "This is..."
Tony sat up gasping, ignoring the dizziness that followed.  He wasn't in a cave and Pepper had a small lamp on by the bed side with paper and a hastily dropped pen.  "Pep," he said, struggling to get his bearings as the dream slowly released its grip on him.
"Swell, Miss Potts," Tony replied, taking deep breaths until his heart rate slowed.  If she was going to ignore the nightmare, so would he.  "Where are we?"
The library wasn't empty.  Iron Man was facing the wall, staring at a portrait of Howard.  At least, Steve thought he was staring at the picture.  It was hard to tell with the expressionless face plate hiding his eyes.  Steve didn't even know what color they were.
"But you're not an adventurer any longer," Peggy said, brushing her wing against his shoulder.  "You're a solider, all set for war."
There was a soft whirling sound of a projector; the security footage popped up on the wall.  "JARVIS, it's good to have you back," Steve said.
"Can you tell me why it makes things worse?  Is it something I do?" Steve asked, clamping down on his frustration.  He wracked his brain trying to think of an example, but he couldn't.
Mem: There were times when I was writing this part when I was like... Surely Tony would notice something a bit off about Viper.  Her name is
Ms. Potts, on the other hand, looked completely put together with a soft efficiency that reminded him too much of Peggy.  He had to look away from her before his mind started playing tricks on him and he imagine a line drawn on her legs to mimic pantyhose.
"Is something wrong?" Steve asked, grabbing a water as he walked over and sat on the bench next to him.
"They're worried about you," Steve said finally, hoping he wasn't pushing too far.  "We all have been.  Just give them a chance."
He was warm.  He could feel the affection rolling off Steve, who flared his nostrils and wrapped his tail even tighter around Tony's waist.  "Steve," Tony said, smiling sleepily up at the dragon.  "What are you doing up?"
Tony's chest was rising and falling rapidly.  Steve didn't know if he wanted to take out a few punching bags or shake Tony.  He really should have left it alone and given Tony some space at the start of this, because neither of them were up for this sort of fight so soon after the battle.  But he couldn't leave now with Tony's trust on the line.
"No problem. Don't let the team fall apart while I'm gone. I've grown attached to the crazy," Sam said.
Steve finished the last waffle, feeling like he had more food for thought than his stomach was prepared to handle.
.  Steve felt an irrational anger at that, and at Tony Stark for insisting on the secret identities.  "You don't need to be under Stark's thumb like that.  We don't need his money, Shellhead.  It's nice, but not necessary, if that's why you keep this up.  So if it's your loyalty to him then it won't-"
Steve let out a noise of distress and Tony longed to take Steve's head in his hands and scratch behind his horns to comfort him, but he didn't dare move his hands.  "Shh, sweetheart.  It's gonna be okay.  I've got you."
And that was a mistake too, he realized.  The disapproval had just the slightest undercurrent of fondness to it.  He should have been sharper, so Tony wouldn't have taken that as a cue to continue the teasing.
"I'm fine," Tony said automatically, trying not to shiver as Steve moved his hand to run through Tony's hair.  It was intimate and soft, neither of which Tony thought he could handle right now.  He couldn't pull away though, no matter how much he tried.
, waffles or no.  After the second choking attempt, Steve glared.  "Does Tony know you're doing this?"
"I've only seen four," Steve said.  "One of them brought diseases from the upper world, and it killed many of us.  The second and third wouldn't listen, calling us monsters and trying to kill us.  The last..."  Steve trailed off, his head lowering closer to the ground.
"It's supposed to be good for the soul," Tony replied, not looking up as he pushed away the onions with a few blinks to clear his eyes.  Then he pulled the chicken breasts closer and started to take out the tendons.
"We've been so scattered recently that I've only had a few quick conversations to check in with Thor and Bruce," Steve said, pushing his worry over Clint and Natasha's silence aside.  He was going to finally do something about finding them now that Fury was turning a blind eye.  They'd both been gone too long for everyone's comfort now.  "It's not my secret to tell.  I didn't tell him, but Fury knows.  I think he known for a while now and hasn't seen a need to kick up a fuss."
Steve had his face in his hands, but not before Tony saw a hint of fond exasperation about his lips.  "You're impossible."
"War Machine," Tony said.  He looked over at Steve and saw his confusion.  "Not Iron Man.  This one's Rhodey's.  Well, technically it belongs to the Air Force, but if they try to put a different pilot in there the circuits fry until they're left with a pile of very expensive slag."
That didn't seem to change.  Tony smiled, imagining that Sharon at any age would be a handful, all seriousness and stubborn resolve.
He grabbed Iron Man's arm, his knuckles turning white around the edges with his grip.  "You wanna quit hiding behind that suit and go a few rounds?  Or are you too much of a coward?"
"You're the strategic genius.  You can make it work," Tony muttered, not caring how much space there was so long as Steve got there quickly.
When Steve didn't respond, Tony carefully lowered his mental walls and thought of soothing things.  Rhodey and Jarvis playing backgammon and bickering quietly.  Pepper and her notebook.  Being down in the workshop with no responsibilities, only him and the suit or whatever new idea caught his fancy.  His mother's perfume.  Watching the calm ocean on the Dorma.
Steve's eyes widened as he saw Tony in the middle of the hanger, staring at what looked like the remains of the Iron Man armor.  His heart jumped to his throat.
The red dragon turned to glare at him, sharp brown eyes holding a surprising amount of fire as she looked him straight in the eye.  "Oh, for pity's sake.
"Really," Steve said mulishly, knocking Sam's legs down where he'd put them up on the table. "I'll ask FRIDAY about it tonight."
Tony looked over before he averted his eyes again.  That didn't erase the image of a sleepy Steve rubbing his eyes as he uncurled his legs from his chest.  Half-awake was a good look on him, but Tony decidedly wasn't thinking about that.
Steve didn't know much about this deal, but the media's silence on the Doombot attacks suddenly made sense.  The robot attacks made the news, but not who sent them.
Tony felt his jaw drop open.  Despite the fact that yes, he did have a few fantasies involving Natasha, none of them included her
At first Steve wasn't entirely sure Stark would take his hand.  The look he gave Ms. Potts spoke volumes about what he agreed to, but Steve kept his disappointment internal as Stark smiled and shook his hand.  It was a very sharp and unfriendly smile, but Steve would take what he could get.
Tony wasn't a small man, but he felt small in Steve's arms.  He wondered what it would have been like to meet Steve before the serum.  He thought back to the pictures of a skinny man with a list of health problems and shook his head.  Only Steve would be that stubborn.  Too damn stubborn to die even back then.
"I haven't actually learned much mythology, not like you have," Steve said.  "My schooling didn't cover most of that.  Besides, I like it better when you say it.  I've always liked your voice."
There was a soft smile on Steve's lips and a light blush that Tony could get used to seeing.  "I think I'm ready to step up to bat.  My batting average isn't as good as yours, but I like to think I'll hit a home run eventually.  I don't think I'll strike out this time."
"You bastard," Tony said when he had the breath.  He pounded and kicked Steve's flank, but it did very little.  Words, however, he knew to be more effective.  "You're just giving up!  Peggy's dead, and all you're doing is running away!"
"I thought you weren't taking commissions?" Fury groused, but with a sleight of the hand, the fiver became a fifty.  "This meet your standards?"
"What?" Tony asked.  "What is it?  Why are you looking at me like that?  I can... I can find a way to fight.  If you get me one of those dragon crystals, I can-"
Steve dropped to the ground with a groan, unable to break his fall.  Over the roaring in his ears Steve could hear Kang screaming instead, and he forced his head up to see the same electricity that had been attacking Steve now on the other man.
Predictably, Steve's tail wrapped around his feet.  Tony felt a small pang that he couldn't feel it through the armor.  "You can't go in there by yourself."
"You think so?" Tony asked.  His voice shook; it was hard for him to breathe.  He didn't think that was because Steve's tail was wrapped around his ribs either.
"I'm sure that makes sense in some language," Sam said, shaking his head. "Anyway, I came in to talk to you about a lead I got on our missing person."
"It's my pleasure, Captain America!" she said with a large grin.  Then she turned to Stark.  "And no bonuses.  This is a favor, Mr. Stark.  I will be checking my account religiously, I swear to God.  My mother thinks I'm sleeping with you every time you put more in and I don't need more hints to make an honest man out of you.  You pay me enough."
"No," Tony said, shaking his head without lifting it from Steve's shoulder.  "Fuck, I didn't...  Steve, you're the only reason I have
"It won't save them," Viper said.  She laughed, and it echoed through the cavern, cruel and wild.  "It's already waking."
Steve didn't answer.  He ignored the pain, listening for his chance.  When he heard the sound of the energy gun, Steve flipped over and pushed up enough to get on his feet.  He threw his whole body forward, momentum driving the shield into Kang's ribs, then up under his chin to drive him back.
"Most of it's easy to heal," Steve said with another puff of smoke and a sigh.  "I didn't see anything worth investigating up there."
"'Cause I've seen that look in the mirror enough times," Tony replied, and she thought he would be shrugging if she could have seen him.  "That's what Cap always told me when he saw it.  Don't tell him I said that though.  He's a smug bastard as it is."
Iron Man's voice cut off, and Steve picked off a robot with his shield that had been targeting Clint.  Natasha got the other one.  "Iron Man?" he called out when the silence went on.  "Sitrep, now.  Who has eyes on Iron Man?"
"Look, Steve.  I'm not disappearing either," Tony said, a hint of annoyance in his voice.  "It's been
"So this whole room just shows you history?" Tony asked, pushing those thoughts away.  He'd sort it out later.
"I didn't even know her name," Susan said instead of answering.  'Shadow1' was the only identification they had for the woman who had finagled a meeting out of her holographic guardians two months ago.  There was no one to report the death back to, no family to inform or way to know if someone was looking for her, and that was Susan's fault.  She hadn't come out of her rooms for a week after, not letting either Cap or Tony in.  Regardless of if the resistance had a mole or not, she should have been better.  And when she closed her eyes, she saw not only Shadow1, but Kes and Leo being buried in the landslide as well and she...
"Yeah, you get that from Pepper's side of your DNA," Tony said with a snort.  "But don't think I don't know a Stark Deflection when I see it.  I patented them."
"You're underground, human," the brown dragon said, amusement once again lacing his voice.  "The stones and moss light our sky, and magic darkens it."
Steve pushed himself up and claimed Tony's lips in a desperate kiss, his hands settling on the armor's shoulders.
"After the War ends," Tony said, interlocking their fingers.  "We can go out to the country and look at the stars properly.  I've got a few houses upstate.  No people to bother us or smog.  We can just... watch the stars."
When all was finished, Tony carefully ladled some of the soup into the bowl and Steve felt his fingers twitch.  He wasn't quite willing to go back down and try drawing again.  He could always go with Tony to check on Natasha and see how she was holding up.
"So what do you do out here while I'm digging?" Tony asked the next day at lunch. This time Steve hadn't attacked him when he came out with the suit, so he figured he'd just keep it on.
"You don't have a suit," Leon told her, taking her hand.  He still seemed wary of Tony, but the gun was on the table.  Neither of the twins were close enough to his crystal to make a difference, so he called the suit to come.
A pen light wasn't ideal, but Steve's fingers had itched too much not to draw.  On paper this time, because he definitely wasn't posting this one online.  This one was for himself.  Steve might have a nearly photographic memory, but he didn't want to miss anything about this night.
"You were dead," Tony said, shaking his head.  He could still remember holding Steve's head in his arms after he'd gone, lost in the darkness of the cold cave.  The arms around him gave him a dissonance that confused him.  They were both too familiar and not familiar at all, reminding him of what he'd lost, but what he might be gaining.  "And you're no longer a dragon?  How...?"
Tony blinked, then pushed his shoulders back from where they'd been hunched over.  His face was blank in a way that made Steve wish for the fake expressions.  "Okay," Tony said, standing as if to leave, but lingering.  Steve didn't push him to move.  Finally, he turned as if to follow Steve out, but changed his mind before he got more than a step and moved back to the bed instead.  Tony hesitantly took Rhodes's hand with a grip that tightened.
He felt the wall with the fingers of his good hand, trying not to move too much as his hands were tied together.  He couldn't find one sharp enough to cut the ropes and he didn't know if he had the strength to keep searching.
Tony undid his belt awkwardly with one hand, Sam helping him once he realized what Tony wanted.  Then Tony put the belt in his mouth and nodded.
Steve closed his hand into a fist, fighting down the still-burning anger.  "I can't trust him any more.  Because of him, Clint and Natasha are captured and there's no way for us to get them back."
Tony opened his eyes when the dizziness passed, catching sight of the burn marks on Sam's back.  He didn't think they'd been there before he'd tried to save Tony.  Guilt flared up, but Tony swallowed it back down.  They were all still fighting.  He didn't have time for it.
"But this is the best lead I've gotten," Tony said, placing an arm atop Steve's and intertwining their fingers.  "The Skrulls are moving two high priority prisoners at the end of the week, and that info I only found though a new decode I barely found a crack for with our current processing power.  The prisoners might not be the twins, but they are definitely important.  Breaking out whoever it is could help us in the long run, even if it's not Kes and Leo."
He was answered when the third head spat at him again, a purple, venomous-looking substance that seemed to be the hydra equivalent to dragon fire.  "Poison," Steve replied, swooping out of the way of the teeth.
The new weapons in his gauntlets were responding well.  He'd gotten the idea from the orichalcum, but had only just gotten it to work in a way that wasn't entirely hypothetical.  And to think Rhodey had been skeptical of the repulsors.  He'd change his tune when Tony got back.
to love Tony Stark and Steve could no longer avoid it.  Just because it was different from his love for Iron Man, didn't mean it wasn't starting to be just as strong.
Tony shrugged as much as the suit let him.  "I didn't realize it would do that.  And I could hear you just fine?" Tony said, inspecting the helmet to make sure it wasn't damaged when Steve had pulled it off.  "If metal makes it harder for you to heal, maybe it also blocks your telepathic abilities?" Though that didn't explain how Tony had heard him.  Perhaps it was a one way blockage?  Strange.
Steve was debating if he should tune out the conversation or keep listening when the blood drained from Stark's face.  His hand tightened around the phone and he swallowed, for a long time just listening.   Unfortunately, Steve couldn't hear what was being said on the other side of the line.  "He...  Yeah, of course.  You take care of things on your end and I'll head out as soon as I'm done with this meeting.  Yup.  You too.  Bye."
Steve was caught mid-swallow, and he ended up choking on the omelette.  As he coughed and sputtered, Rhodey pat his back.  "Yeah, that always works on Tony too," he said smugly, letting Steve know he'd been had.
"Now who's being crude?"  Though he figured he deserved that one.  He hid the thoughts of his innuendos as quickly as he could, because with the telepathic link he wasn't sure how much got through.  His other affairs were...
"The last thing we need is to split up," Steve said, but even he could see it was a useless protest.  "Those robots are drawing us out.  It's a distraction."
He was starting to panic when the rocks moved again.  Was this it?  He didn't deserve quick after all he'd done, but he wouldn't be opposed to the end of the unfeeling cold.
,' Tony had said.  How many times has Tony watched this?  Bruce said Tony was driven, and now he knew why.
and he didn't look back at her.  But now...  "It's stupid, because after everything that happened, I'm crying over a
"Stay with Colonel Rhodes," he ordered, then got out of there as fast as his legs could carry him without looking like he was running away.
Thor tilted his head to the side, crossing his arms.  "Tony Stark does not seem like a man one would easily forget."
Tony looked down.  He didn't deserve their friendship.  "Just eat," Sam said, rubbing Tony's cheek with his claw as he sent along feelings of genuine affection that shocked Tony down to his core.  He knew Steve was fond of him, but the others...
again.  But at least this time the suit opened up and Tony was able to wiggle free of it.  The exertion left him gasping for breath and the intense pain in his chest doubled.  He really needed to fix that.
"The technology is easy," Steve continued.  "But I'll look something up online and want to tell Bucky, or I'll see Peggy walking down the street only to realize it's someone else.  And this was every day before you started to talk to me.  I can't..."
Tony filtered the train's lights so she could still see as she turned back to face it.  Bracing herself, she fired a missile where the engine should be according to the blueprints, then raced to the other side to get an armful of train as she braced it against the impact.  Inertia was still pushing them forward and she struggled to keep the train from tipping over from the blast, kicking her repulsor boots in gear at fifty percent.  She sighed with relief when the train started to slow as she strained against the metal, gritting her teeth and growling lowly as she pushed it back on the track.
Tony groaned, the pain in his head pounding harder than his heart.  "Well, well.  Look what we have here," a familiar voice said.  Tony opened his eyes, trying to move his hands only to find even more pain.  He cried out, arms tied behind him, and he guessed that the arm with his gauntlet was broken.  The wires were pulled out of the heart pump too, leaning down from his ripped open shirt that no longer guarded the heart pump.  He wouldn't be able to fire it like this, and his heart was completely open and visible in ways that made him have a full body shudder in a way that had nothing to do with the cold.
Steve flushed with shame, unable to keep anger from filling him.  He looked away.  "I hate feeling this way," he said softly.  He felt small and angry, like nothing he did would matter.  It was like before he got the serum all over again, except now it was worse since he had pushed his friend away.
He could feel Steve's hesitation, though it was weaker with the suit on.  "Could you... if we're going to talk, could you take the suit off?" Steve asked.
"Fine," Tony said, shaking his head as he scrolled through various shipment manifests.  Now that they had the twins, they could try to get in touch with the resistance again, this time with more security for the-
Steve watched the cameras, Tony curled up against his side.  They were both alert and looking for danger, but Tony preferred to pretend he was also glancing through news reports.  His left hand was tapping intently against Steve's thigh, however, so he knew his husband was still tense.
Tony's free hand went to his gun, but Viper stopped him.  "Don't move, or I'll finish the dragon off," she said, and he heard the click of a gun.
Steve looked up from his drawing to see Thor in the doorway.  Then he looked back down at the drawing, making sure it was as accurate as he could remember, words and equations included.  He was just making sure it was correct, not avoiding eye contact.  "I have something I need Jane's opinion on," he said, still not looking up.
"You have blankets," Steve replied, though he moved back over to the bed.  "Fancy expensive blankets that you made sure all of the Avengers had."
"I told you, I can't tell you anything," Tony said, anger leaving him, his voice dull.  "If you're going to yell at me in lieu of Iron Man, you can just leave.  I have work to do."
"Oh," Steve said, a little startled.  "Could you at least tell me about the metal in your chest?  Does it hurt?"
Susan swallowed.  Cap would be there if things didn't go according to plan.  Tony would be there in the suit with her.  It was a simple mission.
to the way Steve moved that the pictures didn't capture.  When he wasn't stumbling over his own two feet, at any rate.
"You saved them, Buttercup," Tony said.  "We've got them safe now.  We just have to get them out of here."
It did make him want to stop by the gym before he got on the plane, if he wanted to get rid of the excess anger.
"You did mean to," Ms. Potts corrected, but her eyes were laughing.  "I've been warned about your Innocent All-American Goodness act, Captain."
"But if Jan becomes a villain, then they'll have to cover it.  Plus, if we spin the story right, she'll be sympathetic and in the spotlight," Tony said, then let out a small distressed noise as he pricked himself with a needle.  He stared at the small drop of blood on his finger before putting it in his mouth.
"Just give me some time down there," he pleaded.  Pepper Potts was a formidable woman when she was worried, and he wasn't up to fighting her right now.  "You can bully me to bed later."
He opened his eyes to see Natasha dangling her feet over the side of his bed.  "There's a lot of little tricks you can use to get someone to give up information quickly, most without the threat of violence," she said.  "He was coached, no doubt about that, and we pretty much know by who.  But he was also very tightly controlled about the subject.  I had to switch tactics to a longer game, one where he trusted me enough to let those secrets slip."
His tablet pinged, and he opened the files FRIDAY sent. "These... They're not my art," he said, looking at the various drawings of the Avengers.
"Doom needs something I can do," Iron Man said.  "I figured Fury would send someone, so we made a deal.  His end of it is to not hurt them and return whoever it was when it was over."
The world was spinning when he got hit in the back, the energy of it sending him flying into the warehouse wall.  Steve groaned, but thankfully his equilibrium was returning and he brought up the shield in time to block the next attack.  It was strong, and Steve grunted as he was pushed back against the wall again.
"We have to fight them," he said finally.  "What they're doing, it ain't right, Stark.  Somebody's gotta make a stand."
Tony closed off again, and this time Steve could easily see it in the way his shoulders hunched over.  "Well, I've got a meeting with Monica to prepare for, so I'll-"
"She wouldn't listen," Sharon said, with exasperation that felt more like Peggy than the young dragon Tony had gotten to know.
"You don't love me," Tony said, his voice flat.  If only he'd realized that sooner, instead of letting denial pull him along.
"Am I always going to have Steve in the back of my mind?  It's unnerving," he said, shaking his head to clear it.
"None," Tony said, putting his hands between him and Steve as he curled back into Steve's lap and tried very hard not to think about how much he actually wanted to be there in different circumstances.  "The plane can't be that far.  It wouldn't take long for the armor to find us."
"You were badly hurt," Peggy said.  "You and Steve... After Bucky's death he was like this.  I don't think he can go through that again.  Just talk to him and let him know you're alright.  He's all instinct now."
Tony's eyes widened as Steve growled, tail whipping back around him.  "Steve, I'm fine," Tony said, frustration building.  "You can stop with the over-protective act."
today though, he needed to look presentable.  He asked Sam to show him to one of the baths that morning, then proceeded to ban all the dragons from entering until he was done.  He wasn't a modest man by nature either, but he could do without being stared at like a science project while he was trying to get clean.
Tony whistled, coming over to stand next to Steve, who automatically pulled his husband in for a light kiss on his temple.  He wasn't exactly
The name-feeling repeated.  "I'm still angry at you," Steve said, though he sounded fuzzy and confused.
Steve helped him refuel the armor jets with something that wasn't petroleum.  Though it still smelled like petrol, the substance was greener; however, the dragons had done nothing to refine the substance, and it shouldn't work for the armor's jets.  Tony was extremely skeptical, but he humored Steve who was insisting it would work after the dragon did some sort of energy transference to it and what was left of the normal fuel, surprisingly enough the rockets ran like a charm.  Tony refused to ask, because the last thing he needed to think about was that his suit was running on
Steve sighed, leaning over and rubbing his forehead as Iron Man sat across from him.  "What he did under mind control wasn't his fault," Steve intoned.
change the rest," Steve said, curling his tail around Tony's waist as if to pull more of Tony's warmth into himself.
"They're not that bad," Steve said, continuing to cut the chicken regardless of Tony's protests. Some people liked chunky soup.  He'd seen it on the cans when he went to the supermarket.
Steve's mouth was a firm line, but he knew better than to disagree.  Instead, he walked over to the controls and started scanning the data after giving Leon's shoulder a squeeze.  "How are things out there, Susan?"
A few days on the airship gave Tony a chance to recover from the sleep debt the dragon healing gave him, so he got up and put in a few hours in the workshop, fixing Rhodey and Pepper's armors.  He knew how quiet he was being worried the others, but it was either that or screaming at them, and it wasn't their fault the universe was a bastard.
"I'll stick with the normal stuff," Clint said with a chuckle.  "But I'd say that sounds like a plan."
The smile dropped from Tony's face.  "Something's one word for it, considering we've got a Skrull openly running for president of the Interstellar Alliance.  But I think I've got some good news.  I might have found the twins."
"KGB doesn't train ninjas, Tony," she said in exasperation, but the fondness and given name belied the words.
"I trust my Captain's judgement," Thor said.  "As I trust Iron Man and what I've seen of his employer.  I do not think they mean us ill, but you are right in believing something suspicious going on."
Steve bit his lip in worry, but tried his best to put it aside.  He had to worry about Tony right now, who always went strangely silent when Steve asked about Iron Man.
Once they evened out, Tony relaxed and leaned against the back spike.  Peggy's powerful wings kept them aloft, and he could appreciate any kind of flying, even if it wasn't in the suit.  He started to laugh, leaning forward to see the jungle.  Then he closed his eyes to enjoy the breeze.  He could feel how pleased Peggy was at his reaction.
get home," Steve replied with enough stubborn optimism that Tony could almost believe it, statistical improbability or not.  Being with Cap made him believe a lot of things he didn't think were possible.  Almost enough to have made him think that Steve might possibly agree to...
"Not what I meant," Tony hissed, remembering how angry he still was at Steve for letting Tony mess with his memories.  It added fuel to the fire, and Tony had a sneaking suspicion that the sick feeling in his gut would take over if he didn't hold on to that fury.
He started to sweat as the air heated, but he held steady.  All he had to do was wait for the dragon to take a breath, then he could-
"I don't know either of those.  I think we use different scales?" Steve said, though Tony suspected that the dragon had at least a vague definition from the telepathy.  "They'll hum the tune.  Just follow the music."
Steve landed at the front of the dragons, his chest puffed out so that his star crest was on display.  "The hydra  regenerates its head when cut off, and it's fast," Steve said, after a quick greeting to the others.  "I want everyone in groups of two, one to cut off the head and the other to breathe fire on the stump.  Sam, you're our rescue and healing.  If you see someone in trouble, you get them out.  Depending on how fast it is, we may need to switch to groups of three.  Where's Wanda?"
have a stabilizer to anchor him in time, so everything he's done in the past will still happen.  But the Tachyon particles would age him in a matter of seconds when he does tries to get whatever it is out, and I can't even begin to guess how to make a stabilizer for that.  That could take years."
The ground shook again just as the last head was severed by Peggy.  "What's going on?" Tony asked, looking to Wanda for answers.
"It's not a burden," Susan said hurriedly.  "Tony and I will finish the brace soon, I promise.  There's just a few more parts we need to find."
"No time to rest," Tony snapped, pushing her tail away as she tried to help him along.  "We've got to-"
Steve sat in the rubble of the lab in Virginia, hunched over his shield as he tried to keep his eyes open.  The lab had been practically demolished this time; the walls lay in shambles around him, and there were five casualties from the staff.  The robot parts that had been scattered around him had all but disappeared, and he needed to help with the rest of the clean-up.  Every time he tried to find the will to move, however, the weight of everything that had been going on dragged him back down.  Between the deaths he'd been unable to stop, fighting with robots and his fight with Iron Man, Steve was exhausted.
Steve heard the uncertainty. He heard Tony's fear. The hesitant undertone as his voice wavered and grew softer as he asked the question.
"You like him, don't you?" Nat asked. It was an innocent question on the surface. Underneath, it held the undertone of her defensive nature towards Tony.
Morgan would come by later to visit Nat. He didn’t know how to feel about it, really. Maybe there would be room in her heart to let Steve into her life after all that happened between him and her dad.
, then they want something. Be it sex, money, or just being friends with benefits - you name it. And I don't care for complications, so I'm gonna need a solid answer on what we are. Just… please."
facility that he had built for the Avengers. He didn't like to play the "Ownership Card" and resort to his old standards of billionaire arrogance, but the fact that he had some sort of asset over the team, in case Steve
Tony leaned up too, but Steve stopped him, putting a hand on Tony's heart and he kissed him chastely, before the blonde swiftly removed his shirt and threw it across the room in one motion!
However, he found that he couldn't take his hand off Tony's skin. When Tony turned around to face the captain, his stare was open and confused, but… slightly hopeful as well. Steve's hands started to trace light patterns onto Tony's back, making the scientist shiver. They were so close to each other now.
“Oh, I know, Little Omega. I know…” she whispered huskily, giving one deep thrust, hitting those bundle of nerves inside Tony until he was seeing stars.
He was convinced Steve didn’t want him anymore, but then he started apologizing. Should Tony believe him? Was Steve being sincere? How could he know if he could trust his mate again? How could Tony ever believe Steve again after something like that? But shouldn’t everyone get a second chance? Was Tony truly a bad mate for not hearing Steve’s side to the story? But what side could there be? Steve felt neglected and bored with Tony, so he moved on to someone he loved more. But some other part of Tony was trying to convince him that Steve wasn’t like that.
He clutched her shirt between his small fingers and cried into her chest. She felt how his entire body heaved and shook as each cry racked through his being. Tony sobbed and sobbed. Dry heaving and howling out every insecurity and every dark thought that crossed his mind since Steve had left. It shook him violently.
"Oh, come here," he pulled the small brunette back into his arms, still mindful of his bandages, but made sure to bring him close so that Tony could soak up Steve's body heat.
Tony smiled against Steve's shoulder. "You know… I think- I think this is the first conversation that we've had where you didn't just call me
Full lips that suckled and nipped at Tony's, never reaching a crescendo, but neither man cared! They were lost in their dance. They became lost in each other.
And yes, sawdust and marshmallows are exactly what I think Steve/Chris Evans smells like-I don't take any criticism!
loved by many. And your daddy… Your daddy loves you so very much. His appendix just didn't make it possible for him to stay here long enough to say it to you. But he loves you... and he was the love of my life… "
But for now, he lay with the man he loved, content and calm, while the thunder and lightning outside fell asleep as well.
That gave Steve a good angle to marvel at Tony's gorgeousness. His muscles were lean and taught, his body lithe with a narrow waist and perfect bubble-but.
Nat began to softly sing one of Tony's favorite Russian lullabies as she combed through his dark curls.
Tony laughed hysterically in bliss and clutched to Steve's front like a koala! (Arms secured around Steve's neck and legs were clenched around his daddy's waist).
Steve continued to tease Tony as he suckled on the tip of the genius' rock-hard cock and gave small Kitten licks overTony's balls.
His heart flipped somersaults into his throat. His body flushed and goosebumps dotted onto his skin!
Although Thor was from another realm, here on Earth, he identified himself as an alpha. Wanda and Bruce were both betas and Clint was an omega.
He couldn’t help but feel ecstatic as he pictured the tiny blush that would fall on Nat’s face at the gesture, and the good-natured punch to his shoulder that would follow after. Tony smiled to himself, picturing the whole moment.
Tony and Steve were snuggled up together, cozily, on their own love seat. It seemed that one of them could not spend five minutes separated from the other, before sticking themselves back to each other's side!
"Believe whatever you want to, Nat," he sighed, "All I care about is wanting to make it up to the omega I love. Even if I have to go through you and the whole world."
“Then this animal’s about to have dinner!” Steve growled darkly. In one swift movement, he picked Tony up and carried him to the elevator.
," Tony continued, "You're a good man, Steve. You're practically made of gold, it's both refreshing and infuriating. Yeah, I know I can trust you, because that's who you are. And it's a good thing."
It was fifteen minutes to Steve's house. For obvious reasons, he couldn't tell his father that he and Steve had been dating for far longer than what Howard had heard.
He and Steve took a long bubble bath splashing around and cuddled warmly in bed together, while Tony told him about the time spent with Aunty Nat while his daddy had been away.
Chuckling, Nat placed a tiny Tony in Steve’s lap, returning to her spot in between Bruce and Clint on the floor.
But thank you all so much for sticking with this fanfic and leaving your kudos and invested comments. It really gives me motivation to continue this work. Hold thumbs - we're almost at the end!
"Something freed Tony!" she yelled joyously. A few of the patients and staff looked to their table curiously, but Natasha didn't care.
But Nat chuckled and picked up the little toddler, cradling his head against her chest. She placed a kiss in his brown locks and tweaked his nose,fondly. Tony whined and swatted her hands away weakly, but snuggled closer anyway, breathing in Natasha's strawberry shampoo and lily flower perfume.
Steve huffed out a tiny little laugh at Tony's social insecurities. He always doubted inwardly whether he said the right thing or not when it came to those he loved. It was one of those traits you couldn't help but love once you got closer to the philanthropist and discovered the wonderful man beneath all of his facades.
Steve wondered if Morgan understood what that really meant. She most probably did, since she was Tony’s child.
Steve’s own tears fell as he pleaded quietly with Tony. He tried to keep his voice controlled, but his own whimpering soon rose from his chest.
"Point is, Steve: it doesn't hurt me anymore as much as it did before, because... when I heard those words come out of your mouth... When I heard you say that
The scientist shook his head despondently, “What’s he been like, though? Since he came to stay here with you?”
"You bringing up our first heat that we spent together to soften me up?" Steve's lips tugged up in a smile, his hands placed on his hips in a snarky gesture. Tony smiled.
The blonde's shoulders were stiffened and tense. His back was ramrod straight. His face was twisted and pulled in, like he was trying not to cry on the verge of a stressful breakdown.
"No! No, I won't let that happen again!" he violently hissed to himself. He wanted to silence that voice.
Losing to a machine- who would've guessed the irony for a man out of time?" Steve sardonically snapped to himself. He knocked his forehead against the glass, letting his breath fog it up absent-mindedly.
“Shh… shh Little Omega. I’ll make you feel good, I promise,” her whisper tickled his ear, sending shivers down Tony’s spine. She began suckling on the omega’s lobe.
"Young Sir," the AI's tone was soft and gentle, "Do you wish for me to call Mr Rogers to come to you, or would you like me to direct you to his floor?" Jarvis responded, still in his comforting tone.
hurt and he’s just muting J.A.R.V.I.S or stopping him from alerting us? What if he’s broken a leg and is trying to fix it himself? Or what if he’s cut himself open playing in the workshop, and he’s hiding where only a four-year old Tony could hide in the Tower, begging J.A.R.V.I.S not to tell us?”
It could display a holographic message at Tony's touch: a miniature holographic Steve Rogers would appear, holding up a giant canvas with his words of love for Tony painted on it! The little holographic Steve would blow kisses at Tony as he displayed his artwork.
Steve huffed out a laugh and Tony smirked, grateful that his Capsicle could still laugh at his jokes.
And not a star could be seen twinkling in the blanket of blue and black. The sky splintered open with crackled tendrils of lightning as the rain pounded mercilessly against the windows and rooftops of the suburb.
He still caught Clint’s remark before the doors closed though: “I’m not the only one who thought that was weird, right? Is Steve sick?”
” Steve clutched at Tony’s jacket in the middle of the sidewalk, without his groceries, close to pleading on his knees.
"Hey Old Man," Tony quipped, making Steve roll his eyes nonetheless. He wouldn't admit it directly to Tony's face, but the nicknames were kind of growing on him.
“Without Steve, I think his body is going into AD- Alpha Detachment. Because I remember Steve calling in only around the
now too?" Howard bellowed, swinging his whiskey carelessly so the drink spilled all over his clothing, "Selling your worthless body and mind like a slutty
He placed his hands in Tony's hair, massaging his head delicately... let his hands rub up and down his baby's shoulders to create friction and warmth...
He thread his fingers through the blonde's locks of hair, causing Steve to moan soflty. It was such a beautiful sound! He carded Steve's scalp gently with a mechanic's hands and massaged every inch. The blonde moaned again at Tony's hands.
"Nat," he wheezed out, "Remind me why, exactly, I'm in a death grip again? Do I need to fill out my will?"
The part where... where he'd have to let Steve go again... and let his heart become a hard shell of what it was before...
"You... you don't have to say anything," Tony interrupted, shaking his head, "I just need help with my stitches, if you're still comfortable with it."
“Thank you!” Tony breathed. Still perched atop the island, Tony pointed to the cupboards next to the fridge.
When Tony was wrapped up and finished with some fresh clothes on him, the two men stood together in a very cringe-worthy silence.
He peppered chaste little kisses all over Tony's red-nosed face as the Tony whispered thickly, through his tears: "I love you! I love you so much, Steve! Don't
“Steve! I was wondering where you were,” Nat kissed his cheek as soon as he entered the living room. She ignored, for his sake, the tear tracks and his red nose.
“Are you trying to seduce me to go to sleep?” Tony smirked, the love he had for the man glittering in his eyes.
Tony pouted adorably, "Well you just raced for this petite muscle body, so I guess you're stuck with me."
My first fic in this series only had 3 chapters and this one has 5. I have like 3 or 4 more chapters left to conclude this story so...
The week of Tony’s heat went by quite smoothly. A few days after Team Night at Nat’s house, Thor had come to apologize profusely, kneeling before Tony and swearing by Odin’s might that he will never disgrace himself against his team member again. A blushing Tony made Thor stand up and they decided on a forgiving bear hug- Tony loved Thor’s bear hugs, so he said it was all he needed for a fitting apology.
sorry, I don't know - I don't know why I - I just - Oh, God, I messed up- I didn't mean to - I didn't mean- I just-"
The evening was a little harder though, since Tony wasn't as distracted as during the day, so Natasha woke up in the night to a small lump tucked into her side, sniffling quietly.
He just saw Tony's back for a few seconds - almost too long in Steve's opinion- but then the genius slowly turned back around and faced Steve with a quizzical expression on his face.
, the blonde thought. Tony had probably already concluded at least a dozen alternatives at which this situation would pan out and, based on Steve's response -which Tony presumed would a negative one; ever the pessimist! - he'd select the response in which case, Tony would either bow out gracefully, or be hurt again at Steve's hands.
"She's part of the cleaning staff," Tony replied.  "Don't worry.  Her job won't be in jeopardy.  I'll even put in a small bonus for her.  Wouldn't be the first time."
"Not usually," Tony said wryly.  "And it's actually easier to get off than on again.  But it's doable."  Not entirely pleasant, but then, when was Tony's life ever that good?
Steve glared as he drew in another breath.  "I-I'm not -  I am not in love with Tony.  What made you think that?"
The next quake was bigger than the others.  Tony stumbled back and Viper wiggled out of his grasp as rocks started to fall.  "Kill the beast!" she yelled into the HT.  "Hail Hy-"
"That won't stop us from giving you a thrashing," Steve said, though the odds were very much not in their favor.  Doom was a tough enemy even with the other Avengers for backup, and Rhodey was still recovering.  He could see the tremor in Rhodey's frame as he forced himself to stand without the cane's aid.
Before Tony could ask him what was wrong, Steve jumped on a thought he had been absently chasing.  "I was thinking about how to find out who is really responsible," Steve said, mulling the idea over in his head as he spoke.  It was risky, but it could work.  "You've talked with Dr. Foster and Bruce about the robots disappearing.  Anyone else?"
Tony woke up screaming.  Or he would have, if his throat didn't feel like it was on fire.  He managed a small sound that came out more like a whimper in the darkness, jerking awake.  He expected to be pinned, but he could move.  Except there were still things tugging on his hand and something over his head and now someone
"Cap, you are literally the only one who went there," Iron Man said cheerfully.  "Also, way more than I wanted to think about when it comes to Victor Von Doom.  Keep your fantasies to yourself, old man."
At least Kang wasn't interested in the other Avengers.  Steve didn't really have time to think about that, however, as Kang sent his shield spinning back at him.  It was too fast to dodge and the breath was knocked out of him as it hit him in the gut.
Steve frowned.  He didn't often read news articles about the Avengers activities, as he had been there himself and read the team's reports enough that reading it again in the paper was overkill, but if that were the case he needed to pay more attention to them.
"Heads up, Little Bear," Tony said an hour later as the kitten playing on a desk vanished just before it jumped into a box.  "Looks like Cap was right."
Steve looked up from his towel, feeling useless.  Everything was tearing him apart, but there was nothing he could do about it.  "What do you think we should do?" he asked.  They were obviously here for a reason.
There was a small device (sculpture?)  that moved on the desk by the floor-length windows.  After casting a quick look around to see if anyone was coming, Steve stood up to investigate it further, figuring it would keep his mind off things.
"It didn't take," Steve said.  His voice sounded familiar, but it wasn't quite the mental voice Tony was used to.  Was that a Brooklyn accent?  Tony was almost a little horrified in spite of himself.  The cheeky response was definitely familiar, but Tony didn't dare allow himself to hope, not after the dreams he'd had.
"I can see the inside of your machine," Steve said, his voice awed.  "It's not what I expected.  It seems so... small in there."
Shoving his hands in his pockets, Stark shrugged again.  His shoulders stayed slightly hunched over.  "It wasn't that big of a deal.  Future investment, like I said.  And Dani's working here for a scholarship to finish out her degree and go into accounting, so just doubling down on my money."
Jarvis raised an eyebrow at him.  "You were only out of contact with us for twelve hours at most," Jarvis said.  "Though I sure as hell would like to know what you did to that armor you were wearing.  And your shirt."
Tony thought back to Wanda's cheek against his, the raw power of her magic with the kindness underneath.  She'd always let him know there was hope and it wasn't his fault.  He clenched his jaw, sharp anger burning through him that he could feel reflected in Steve.
"You let me worry about that," Tony said, pulling up a chair and propping his feet up on the bed.  "I know you.  Ya won't sleep if you go back to yours.  You'll push yourself 'til you can't push no more, and then you'll be no help to any of us.  Let me take care of you this once, since you're always taking care of me."
The pain this time was much more intense.  Tony would have given his fortune for a dosage of aspirin, but dragons didn't have much in the way of pain killers.  Anything they had would probably be too strong for him anyway.
Tony was more curious, however.  He looked at the others, seeing Sharon and Sam exchanging worried looks, but Peggy nudging him towards the cave.  She, at least, felt rather pleased.  "Well, go put on the suit then.  I haven't gotten to see it yet."
"Thanks," Steve said, leaning his head against Thor's shoulder.  Thor was warmer than Steve ran, even with the serum, and he was solid.  He was also a kinder man than most people would assume.
"Because I don't trust the majority of humans any more than you do," Tony said shrewdly.  "Besides, are you just going to keep me a prisoner here for the rest of my life?"
He jumped at the hand in his hair.  He automatically reached for the person's wrist, but the voice reassured him before he started fighting.  "Easy," Stark said, coarse fingers massaging Steve’s scalp through his sweat-soaked mop.
"What?" Tony asked.  He knew there was a better reply to that, something more intelligent or wittier, but he couldn't think of anything under the earnest blue of Steve's gaze.
Steve looked over to see a hand raised over the edge of the couch.  It waved at him, then disappeared.  "You've got a nice view here," Steve said as walked over, even though he didn't look at it.  "Do you think I could come up to draw it one - Tony, are you alright?"
"You need to sleep," Steve said, crossing his arms over his chest.  "And to eat.  I'm sure the Colonel won't mind if you take a break."
"Hawkeye, Iron Man, you and I are going to look for any remains that didn't disappear.  Thor, join us when you can."
"A civilian whose orders Iron Man is following," Tony replied.  "I know just as much as he does.  I know the risks."
Kang shot at Iron Man again, the light absorbed by the shields.  But in the time it took to hit, Kang had moved fast, bringing down an ax made of light on the shield.  Iron Man was furiously tapping at the controls, but the shield flickered until he had to jump away, yelping as the ax came down.  Kang left the ax in the chair, grabbing Iron Man by the neck, lifting him off the ground with one hand and not even looking strained.
could act like things were still normal was beyond him.  Steve had only been dead for two weeks, but they acted like Tony was the only one who got their attention.  Maybe it was denial, focusing on the team mate they hadn't lost.  Or maybe they were just acting, trying to spare Tony from further taxing on his body.  They'd have been told after Tony was captured, he realized.  Maybe they were just avoiding telling Tony what he already knew.
"You've been working too long,"  Steve said, tracing Tony's cheek.  "Come on.  Let's get pizza.  The others might be up for a few rounds of video games too.  What do you say?"
This time Steve flushed.  "They were being bullies," he said mulishly.  "If they have freedom of  speech to bad-mouth him, I'm free to have my own opinion."
"He let the poison go a little too long trying to avenge you, but he'll be fine with a bit of rest," Sam said, ignoring Steve's disapproval.
"He's real," Rhodey said, dashing Tony's hopes that the Avengers wouldn't mention that sort of thing.
Tony turned to look at him.  In the lights of the city he could see the awe on his face.  "Feeling a little star-struck?" Tony asked, because if he stared for too much longer he would probably do something he'd regret.
"You can have what I was drawing?" Steve said, passing over the napkin and trying not to think about how he was essentially giving a doodle to a billionaire who could afford Picassos. It was far from even one of his better drawings since napkins weren't the greatest material to draw on, but at least he hadn't strayed too far when his concentration left.
Not that the words helped.  Kestrel was already struggling weakly against him.  "Let go!" she yelled breathlessly.  "Let..."
"It's about as good as it can be," he replied, feeling more open and vulnerable with his shirt open than he had when his mental walls were down.  "They didn't mess with it, at least.  Let's just get the gauntlet off me."
He was not expecting the face plate to flip up to reveal a very annoyed, very familiar freckled face.  Steve stumbled back, his jaw dropping.  "Pepper?" he asked, his head starting to swim.  "Do all CEOs of Stark Industries wear the armor?"
He stopped, looking down at the blue sleeve Tony had grabbed when the word 'leave' fell from his mouth.  Tony resolutely tried not to care that he'd panicked in front of Steve and was now keeping him from leaving.  He focused on the lights in the room, not on Steve's widening eyes.
"Colder," Bruce said.  "He was a little abrasive before, but Jane and I were...  I was at least enjoying the challenge?  Once you're used to him, Stark is brilliant, and we worked well together. But now he's just blankly polite.  Like the Tony Stark we were getting to know got hidden away."
"But you..."  Tony had just walked out of the armor.  Was it some kind of disassociation?  But Tony hadn't denied it before, and he hadn't acted differently when Kang had forced him out of the armor.  So what was Tony talking about?  It couldn't be another misdirection.
"All here," Steve said with a grin.  "Not the rest of the city, but everyone who fought with us are humans now too."  Then he scowled.  "But I'm the only one who remembers.  They thought I was crazy!  Wanda might remember, but I haven't seen her since before the ice.  She comes and goes."
"I'd hate to say no to a lady," he said.  Her tail tightened briefly before letting him go, and Tony eyed her back warily.  Then with a sigh he slid the walking stick through the suit harness straps on his back and swung his bad leg over.  Once sitting, he tried to find a semi-comfortable position between two of her spikes.
He felt Steve settle, the majority of his fear receding.  He put his free hand on Steve's neck.  It left a half bloody hand print, but it calmed Steve who lay his head down on the ground and whined.  "It hurts more when you do that," Steve said, clawing at the ground.
Which is why he held back this time, determined not to make the same mistake as he chose his words with care.  "Moved on to what?"
Leaving the kids to their reunion, Steve snuck out.  Tony would watch over them, and there were winter clothes to steal.  He could catch up with them later.
"Yeah, that works," Tony said quietly.  Then he moved away from Steve, brushing the dirt off his hands and frowning slightly when he realized that wasn't going to work.
"And don't try to make a weapon out of it," Tony said, not looking up from Leon.  "Don't think I don't know what you're doing there.  Just scan."
"It should be easy to send her a picture," Thor said with a smile.  "Are you in need of her number?"
Steve ignored him, continuing to punch the bag in front of him with a vengeance.  It wasn't what he wanted to be pounding.  In fact, it wasn't even a fair substitute.  But it was all he had and it would have to do.
"Tony is... whatever the reports say, he's not self-absorbed," Rhodey said, then tilted his head in acknowledgement.  "Okay, maybe a little.  But most of it is that he can be a little
"Go back to sleep, Cuddle-zilla."  The blanket being draped over him wasn't as nice, but Steve was willing to let it go in favor of more sleep.  He drifted, nearly nodding off again when a loud crash sent him to his feet, blanket dropping to the floor.
"Busy enough that you can hold a competition and place bets with Rhodes over who wins this dog fight?"
Steve nearly choked on his beer, glaring at Thor.  The Asgardian grinned in return and Steve sighed.  "I have a problem falling for people who are out of my league," Steve said, ignoring the fleeting memory of the Commandos teasing him in a similar manner about Peggy.  Surprisingly enough, the memory didn't hurt as much as it usually did.
"You would try," Wanda said, looking at him now.  "But it would not save us.  You are needed by your people.  You can still do good there."
Tony froze.  That was Steve's voice.  But Steve was dead.  Steve had died on the operating table while the fight had still been raging on.  The only reason Tony knew was because he'd been keeping tabs on the monitors when it happened.  The doctors had been failing to revive Steve for at least ten minutes before Tony was taken down.  The last thing he'd heard was the head doctor throwing in the towel.  Steve was dead.
It hurt something deep inside of Steve that George Washington wasn't taught in schools.  It made sense.  America was a country in the past and not even on the same planet.  It just killed the small part of him that felt history was important.
He was almost sorry when it was over.  At least he was fairly used to living in the wilderness, so finding a proper bush wouldn't be too hard.  Not pleasant, but not too hard.  Except that as he dismounted and tried to walk away, Steve followed him.
He was in the suit, so he couldn't actually feel the tail around his waist.  He could feel it if he leaned against Steve's flank though, resting his head against the soft dragon scales.  And in that moment, the exhaustion that hit him made him sorely tempted to try it. Tony didn't, however, taking off the other gauntlet as he tried to push all thoughts of the War away.  "I don't know," Tony answered finally, pulling away from Steve's tail so he could get the rest of the armor off.  Lunch today seemed better off without the cold reminder of his responsibilities and the War.
"Steve told you that name, didn't he?  Yes," Peggy said, huffing softly when Sharon pressed into her side.  "They were as close as brothers.  He took Bucky's loss very hard.  We've been worried."
It wasn't condescending, but Tony bristled anyway.  "Because I was monitoring him!" Tony said, opening his eyes to glare at Natasha.  She was right in front of him, worry in her eyes.  He didn't want her worry.  "I saw it, alright?  They tried to revive him, but it didn't work!  Doctor Iverson called it.  He's dead.  I don't..."  He didn't know which was worse: waking up to find Steve gone or this nightmare where people pretend his illusions were real.
"You're awake."  There was relief in her tone that washed over him like a cool rain. "You've got to talk to Steve and get him to back down."
"It's not outside the realm of possibility," Natasha said.  "He was Phil's case before mine, and you know Fury thought there was something off about it.  Besides, Iron Man also doesn't say anything to contradict that persona, despite clearly being angry about it.  You have to wonder what he's hiding."
"Hey, boss," he said, worry coming through the mechanized voice.  "You sure gave us a scare with that stunt."
"You always know exactly the right thing to say," Steve said.  Usually the only one who could get Steve out of his shell was Bucky, and with Bucky gone...  but Iron Man had been slowly filling that ache, constantly surprising Steve and making him just a little bit guilty.  He didn't want to replace Bucky.  He also didn't want to give up Iron Man.
"Rhodey?  Come on, Little Bear.  Talk to me."  Tony's voice was soft in her ear, worried and gentle.
"We're not here to hurt you," Steve said, cutting off the banter with a glare.  "Susan, do you have a Skrull detector?"
"The war in which you destroy the world," Kang said, turning to Iron Man.  "You have access to my ship's systems.  You will have the blood of the world on your hands!"
With Rhodey off the battlefield, Tony could go on full offensive without needing to worry about pilot safety.  He had a few guns in his arsenal that Big Rhodey had expressly forbidden him from using while he'd been human.  It mowed down a row of Skrulls, and if he'd had a body, he'd have smiled grimly.
"And I'm saying I need it now," Fury said, moving further into the room. He gestured to Tony's arc reactor in a way that raised Steve's hackles, though he couldn't pinpoint why.  "Because that?  I need to know about it."
Iron Man sat down on the couch next to Steve and bumped their shoulders together.  "Don't apologize for that," he said.  "I was finding out more information about what happened to Rhodey since the video from the suit is messed up.  Mr. Stark was working on that while I tried to find some other leads."
"I'm afraid I understand human nature even less," Vision said, floating to sit beside Steve.  "I'm not sure I can be of much help in answering that question."
Setting the tray on the table, he looked around.  "Tony?" he called out when there was still no answer.
Tony's body ached, but it seemed like the worst of the withdrawal symptoms were gone.  He shuddered, glad there were no cravings for more of whatever they'd had him hooked up to.  His free hand still shook a little, but he assumed the rest of the pain was just from the electric shock therapy Hydra had been giving him.  They'd probably let him out of the hospital soon, which would be great.  The sooner the fussing stopped, the better.  Then he could go down in his workshop and forget about the embarrassing way he'd reacted when he thought Steve was dead.
Iron Man faced the elevator and Steve got the impression he was avoiding Steve's eyes.  "Family matter.  Mr. Stark cleared it."
"Oh, my God, you're actually Captain America, aren't you?" the woman replied.  "Sorry.  That was, wow, this is so embarrassing.  You'd think I wouldn't care about meeting anyone after the actual god of thunder, but...  I'm sorry.  I'm being unprofessional and I'm rambling, it's just you're Captain America and the science behind the serum is fascinating. Not that I really study it, but-"
Steve slowly relaxed enough that Tony could take a break from rubbing Steve's cheeks to wipe at his own eyes.  Those were Steve's feelings, not
"It's your turn to deal with his sulking," Sam said cheerfully before Tony could ask what Steve was scared of, because now that she mentioned it, he could feel the underlying emotion through Steve's presence in his mind.  "I took care of the last couple of times.  It's now someone else's problem."
"Oh!" the woman said, fumbling with the clipboard.  She pushed her hair behind her ear then straightened her scrubs.  She saluted, and Steve belatedly realized she wasn't a civilian nurse.  "I-uh, it's an honor to meet you, sir," she said.
The next day he and Natasha were discussing the new training regimen for the team when he casually checked his messages and nearly choked on air.
He looked down, using the moss lamp to throw some light into the darkness.  He saw a body that most definitely matched the voice sitting in the pit, one foot stretched out in front of her.  She wore a long, dark green dress without sleeves, cinched in the middle with a black belt.  Around her neck and arms were stone snakes that Tony would take a gander and say were jade.  Her thick black hair was long and covered by a green veil.  It was too dark to see the color of her eyes, even without one of them being obscured by her hair.  "Are you alright, Miss?" he asked.
"You've really never seen them?  Never snuck up to the outside world to look?" Tony asked, surprised in spite of himself.  The gate Tony had come through had been small, but surely the dragons could go up top in other ways if they wanted to.
But now he was set to leave in two hours.  He was already in full uniform, but he wanted to spend a bit more time with Tony before he left.  He never really spoke that much, since it wasn't like Tony was in a coma and might be able to hear him, and he wasn't much of a talker to begin with.  But the thought of Tony being by himself for so long...
Steve wondered what to do with this revelation.  If he retreated and fell back, he could come up with a plan, but impulse and a quickened heart rate made him take a step forward and he didn't know if it was the noise or something else, but the butterfly took off.
Tony could feel the panic he'd been pushing down in favor of getting his wounds seen to.  "What does that mean?  And don't I get a choice in this?" he asked.
Rhodey touched his shoulder and this time Tony did jump.  He'd gotten so used to the dragons being in his personal space, but apart from his first day back,no one really touched him.  "Your fuse is running short," Rhodey said.
That might have been stretching the truth a little, because Tony had it on the ropes, but the poor girl looked about to faint and needed the reassurance.  He found himself wishing Rhodey were here.  He was always better at handling panicky civilians.
Tony tensed.  He hadn't realized anyone else had come into the room.  When he looked up, a smile teased at Steve's lips.  "You can do it," Steve said encouragingly.  "But right now I think you need a break."
He was startled out of moodily staring at the data by JARVIS.  "Captain Rogers, you wished to be notified when Mr. Stark returned to the Tower."
," Tony said, but he turned to face Steve, burying his face against Steve's neck.  "And don't act all high and mighty.  You're worse when you lose your temper."
He discarded several theories and resolved to get Rhodey's more expert opinion when basic needs became pressing.  This left him with an entirely different problem: How to wake a dragon.
Steve ran a hand through his hair as he rubbed his forehead in agitation.  His voice was small when he spoke.  "I don't want you to leave."
"So," the woman purred, feeling Steve's bicep through his suit.  "What do you say to rescuing me from the ennui of high society, soldier?"
"Well, with an offer like that, who can refuse?" Tony teased, though there was a softness about his eyes that betrayed him.
"You don't need to change for this.  They want to see the real Tony Stark, grime and all," Ms. Potts said, her voice coming closer.
He pressed the button again, this time not letting up on it.  Then he looked around for another button.  Maybe there were two?
Steve made room for him on the ledge and Tony landed with a clunk.  Before he knew it, Steve was back up in his space, sniffing at the metal joins.  "Careful!  The jets run hot," Tony said.
"Yeah," Tony said, looking over at his armor.  It didn't seem worse for the wear for being left outside of the gate, but the rust on the temple walls worried him.  "Just let me put the armor somewhere a bit safer."
"I'm on an Air Force base, Tony.  I think I can ask if I get stuck," Steve replied.  He did have some experience prepping a plane like the quinjet, but admittedly most of his experience was jumping out of planes or crashing them.  The latter he preferred not to think about.
, was almost enough to keep him there on the cold ground.  But the others would worry and he knew far too well how wasted time cost lives.
Steve's mouth opened, but he couldn't say anything.  There was too much in the way.  Anger, joy, relief, grief, and sorrow all battled to have the first word, but nerves kept him silent.
"No rush," Steve said, ignoring the burn in his cheeks and earning a laugh from her.  If only she knew...  "Be careful."
"To protect something I can't lose."  Tony looked straight at Steve as he spoke in a way that unnerved him.  His eyes were full of fear and guilt.  They were also wet, Steve was surprised to find.
He was sorely tempted to just lie there in the dark cave.  Getting up meant finding a way out.  Finding away out meant going back to the War and Hydra.  He'd been fighting for so long that the thought of just waiting,
"Susan, stand down," Steve said, with none of the grief Tony expected to hear in his voice.  "It's okay.  We can let him go."
The door slid open and he took that for a 'permission granted.'  Steve entered.  It hadn't changed at all since the last time he'd been here.  Even the first aid kit was still left out, since Tony had probably rushed out after Steve in the Iron Man suit.  The two metal claws were off to the side, and they moved briefly before returning to their previous positions, like Steve wasn't worth getting up over.  The machine was over in the corner, and Steve's hand tightened around the sketchbook, but he didn't go near it and risk temptation.  Instead he looked for a place to sit.  There were a few rolly chairs at the desk, but Steve didn't move towards them or the small couch.
Still, Iron Man stayed for clean up this time, which eased the exhaustion settling over them all.  Someone, probably Tony, had thought to bring food for all the volunteers, which Steve's metabolism appreciated.  He grabbed a hot dog and started to walk towards one of the trees for a bit of shade before he got back to work.
"Stop," Steve said.  "You've already apologized.  And just because I'm angry doesn't mean I stop caring about you."
"He should be here," Kestrel said, her voice fragmented until Tony fixed the audio codes.  "I don't know why -"
Tony ran a hand through his hair, then pulled off a piece of the muffin.  "I like working on cars," he replied finally.  "It's not complicated and it keeps my hands busy."
"Yup," Tony said, his voice gentle in her ear.  "But let's face it, honey bee, I'm more complicated than most codes, even if I was written 500 years ago."
He fired again, but the shot went wide and the nearest tree was too far off for any proper cover.  The dragon was blocking the tree he'd gotten his walking stick from.  Clever bastard.  He only just managed to duck behind a rock as fire spewed from the dragon's mouth.
Tony went completely still as the butterfly flew towards him in an unhurried way.  It landed on his nose, and Tony looked like he'd stopped breathing.
Steve moved closer, rubbing his cheek against Tony's.  "I thought you couldn't waste the time?" Steve said, laying his head back in Tony's lap.
"That's where you get your prophesies from, right?" Tony asked.  The cave didn't seem to be all that special.  Aside from the warmth, he wouldn't have been able to tell it apart from the cave with the dragon crystals.  He wondered how extensive the cave network was.  He could spot plenty of caves along the cavern wall as the dragons flew him places, but how many of those had been explored?  He itched to go down a few of them, but he knew that would have to wait.  Still, after the War if Steve found him...  Maybe Steve wouldn't mind exploring with him?  And he could bring Rhodey, Pepper, and Jarvis along.  He couldn't let too many people down here, but they would keep the secret.
"Vodka," she confirmed.  "We could drink until you don't care about itchy feet any more.  It'll get Rhodey to lighten up too."
The workshop door slid open as he came close, and he saw Tony working on some kind of big machine in the back.  It was a giant silver arch with wires hanging out of various panels, but he couldn't tell what it was for.  His palms began to sweat.  This wouldn't work.  What was he thinking? He's a terrible liar and he was just going to mess this-
"Then get to the airport stat," Natasha said.  "Estimated time to departure: Fifty minutes.  Stay in touch and let me know if you run into any problems or need back up."
to approve of Captain America, granted, but Rhodey had a point about Tony's previous affairs and terrible judgement of character.
"That... doesn't sound good," Tony said, knowing too well how Hydra was particularly adept at finding or making weapons that could change the tide of the War.  If they were still refining the ZEMO chemical, he could bet a dragon would be very useful to them, and the thought made Tony sick.  "You see the future, supposedly.  What can I do to change it?"
"My bed's the other way," Steve said, but he didn't fight it.  It confused him more than anything, why they weren't heading back outside.  The crowd had probably died down enough by now.
made for war," Tony said.  He should have known better than to expect dragons to be impressed.  They still thought science was magic.  "Too colorful and I'm just a flying target."
When Jarvis came into view, Tony almost felt like crying again.  The three people he had missed the most over the past few weeks and now they were all here.  Home.  As much of a home as he could have without Steve.
Steve motioned for Iron Man to follow, inquiring at the desk for a room without any cameras.  The relieved receptionist pointed them to a supply closet, happy that Steve wasn't asking yet again for information on Tony Stark.
He was cut off by the look on Steve's face.  He was smiling softly, fondness in his eyes as he intertwined their fingers.  It was like something Tony had done amused him terribly, but Tony couldn't have said what it was.  "You're more handsome now that I have human memories.  Didn't want to tell you, but I thought you looked a bit funny when I was a dragon."
Tony took that as a sign the conversation was over.  He woke up the tablet and hit replay, ignoring Steve entirely.  He didn't need to be told Steve didn't love him.  He knew that.  He'd looked.  As long as Steve didn't send him away, he could deal with that, bury it deep again and pretend Steve had never noticed.  Even if he couldn't be the one for Steve, he could still try his damnedest to make Steve happy.
"Stay," Steve said, grabbing his wrist across the table. "I should have been paying attention because this is important. I'm sorry."
Steve bit his lip.  If he had a chance at this at all, it would have to be with Tony in the workshop.  He didn't have the technological expertise to get past JARVIS, and he doubted Clint or Natasha did either.  Someone at SHIELD could probably do it, but the last thing Steve wanted was to drag them into this.  "Could you let him know I'd like to come down and speak with him?"
"There's too many of them, Cap," Susan replied, her voice strained.  "I can't - You have to get Kes and Leo out of there."
Tony looked around, meeting Thor's eyes as the Asgardian clapped him on the back.   "Though you are a great puzzle, Tony Stark, Midgard would be a much lonelier place without you," Thor said.
Ms. Potts was silent on the other end of the line, and he didn't interrupt as she processed that.  When she spoke, there was a barely noticeable wobble to her voice.  "Thank you for the update, Captain.  Tony is usually good at charging his phone but... please let Tony know."
Steve was told to stay off the clean-up detail and rest.  He wasn't happy about that, or about being packed up and sent home.  He also wasn't happy about Thor returning to the Tower alone without Iron Man.  Steve looked down at his phone, debating his next course of action.
"I'll always jump at the chance to show off my fella," Steve said, flushing slightly as he led them to the elevator.  Steve heard Tony muttering about dating a sap under the noise of the armor's servos.
"Yeah," Iron Man said, staring at the wall.  The face plate always had a certain blankness to it, but something told Steve Iron Man wasn't really seeing anything at the moment.  This time Steve bumped their shoulders together, even though the odds were that Iron Man wouldn't feel it as he did.
"So Mr. Stark is in charge of the Avengers now?" Steve bit out, worry turning to anger and frustration before he could help it.  Iron Man was far more useful
"Doom," Tony replied.  "He was the one who helped me decode the parts the message of the message I was struggling with.  I'm assuming he also stopped Jane from getting the rest of the message while I've been down here.  Iron Man was there when Doom first decoded it.  That's all.  Not even Pepper and Happy know the truth."
"You!" the woman - Dr. Foster - cried out, marching right up to a surprised Tony.  Rhodey wisely stepped aside to make way for her, because while Dr. Foster was small, she moved like a very self-contained hurricane on a war path.
He didn't jump at the voice in his ear, but it was a near thing.  It meant he was really out of it, because silence was not this person's specialty.  "Iron Man!" Steve said, turning to look at the familiar face plate.  "Where have you been?  We've been worried, and Tony only said you were busy."
Tony groaned, headache pounding as he debated the merits of waking up or just fading back into oblivion.  He ached all over and when he coughed because of the dust, more pain shot through him.
Stark ended the call, then walked out the door.  Steve stared in shock for a moment before hastening to follow.  "Mr. Stark!" he called out, catching up easily.  "Is everything alright?"
Tony immediately stopped moving.  "Cap?" he asked tentatively, failing to keep his teeth from chattering and ignoring the sharp pain in his head as he tried to force words out around the slur that snuck up on him.  "What's... What happened?"
"Funny thing, future technology," Iron Man said.  "It's all based on technology from the past.  Your robots were based on both Stark and Doom tech and between the two of them, it offered me a way in.  Doom has been remarkably helpful considering he doesn't want you taking over either."
Tony moved on to the next mural, the bright red of the dragon's blood a contrast against the emerald green of the scales.   He gave a passing thought for what kind of paints must be used to get that sort of color, but most of his attention was on the dragon's final moments.  It repulsed him a little, though he couldn't say why.  Dragons were always the monsters in fairy tales, but now, looking at the dragon with its head raised off the ground and the mortal wound in its side, Tony couldn't help but wonder if it were otherwise.
