in your coat pocket earlier. And you
"I'm not sure," Sherlock finally whispers. "I think on some level, I had given up very early on, but I might have been just fooling myself in believing that I had."
Pauline.
“Yeah,” John pants, looking back at him. “And more.”
He keeps an eye on her until he’s certain she won’t start crying again before sitting back properly. Sherlock’s finger is drumming on the wheel and so John turns on the radio, choosing a station that the three of them would enjoy. He hums to the music, not missing the way Sherlock is now smiling. They spend the rest of the drive like this, and John finds that maybe, in a way, they are already a family.
"He is," Mrs Hudson replies, now looking anxious.
“Just making sure,” Victor replies, smiling again. “I didn’t want to try anything again if you two were a thing.”
"It's brand new, really," Matthew replies, "Just four days ago."
“John,” he says, sounding very serious all the sudden. “You have to know, what you said, what we’ve just talked about, this is something I’ve wanting for years and I have absolutely no idea what I am supposed to do or say or -”
“Soldier, remember?” John hummed and pressed his body back to Sherlock’s, coaxing his tongue back out to play. Having the smooth, pale chest beneath him was like a dream. His mind tried to remind him that he had only gotten the okay for one night. Still, he couldn’t bring himself to treat Sherlock like any other fuck. He wanted to make it at least a bit special.
Was it alright?
"It's your chance," Arnold says, taking a step back. "I'm sure that friend won't remain so for too long now." John opens his mouth a few times, not sure what to say exactly, and Arnold laughs softly, "What are you waiting for? Go."
Sherlock hums his agreement, remaining exactly where he is, watching, for another long moment. John doesn’t pay more attention to him than usual. Sherlock tends to watch closely each time cuisine is involved, not quite often doing it himself, but apparently enjoying the making of it all.
Just got Rosie, on
"But it's sticky," John says, smiling.
Have you read the letter?
“John, how nice to see you!” She hugs him tightly for a long moment. “It’s been too long.”
"It was never a good time," Sherlock replies, not sure why exactly.
“I know,” Sherlock replies, smiling. “I thought you would never fall asleep. I was too afraid to go first and do something in my sleep while you were still awake.”
Another cab, another silence. Quentin is the first out this time, probably driven by the thought of finding Timothy first. John gets them entrance tickets, both Sherlock and Quentin scanning the few people already inside the museum.
you wrote, it took a lot
The mere notion of “parallel universes” was unknown to me before that, but John said he had read many books about these other realities as a teenager, and he seemed quite thrilled about the discovery. As you can expect, soon organisations all over the world were offering to find out about all the other universes you exist in. John and I stayed away from all of them at first, neither of us caring much about some other version of ourselves. Eventually something changed our mind, but we’ll talk about that later.
That would be great, yes.
*	*	*
“I really do,” John breathes, his smile stretching to his eyes. “Merry Christmas, Sherlock.”
"I'll let her sleep here tonight, if that's still alright with you?"
“ETA: two minutes,” Harriet exclaims, speeding up.
“I-” John begins but stops, sighing. “She’s been helping me with what I did to you, with my anger, with all the things I’ve kept to myself.”
“Yes,” he replied, leaning closer to John, “I’m going to hunt him down in this airport and arrest him. As I said, could be dangerous.” John stared right back at him, his tongues darting out to lick his lips and Sherlock knew he had won. “Care to help?”
“I want a house in sussex.”
, and even then, he had only hugged him for six bloody seconds.
“My mother is a mathematician and my brother works for the government. So no: It has been my idea.” the young student quickly shot him down.
“Still,” John says, bumping his shoulder against Sherlock’s arm, “it’s part of your past. Interesting.”
“What-” John begins, his breathing loud inside the room and Sherlock’s head. “What do you mean, you can’t do this?”
John half listens to Sherlock ordering wine and waits until the woman is gone before saying, “What is this place?”
“No need to convince me on that either.”
John represses a sigh, turning away from the pasta he's cooking to look back at Sherlock and Rosie in the living room. "Halloween was yesterday, remember?"
“I need to go walk Toby,” Sherlock says after a another moment of silence. “Or he’ll sulk all day.”
is right within their reach, John needs to make sure they get there,
And a note.
“You can thank me later,” he hears Lestrade say as he descends the stairs two by two, quickly followed by another laugh.
It takes a second for Sherlock to catch on, “Bad date. Looked for a good time. Drank a little. Danced too.”
John’s smile grow wider. They stop just at the house’s gate.
John nods, pulling him back closer, “Yes. But more importantly, holding on to each other.”
“For now,” Sherlock replies with a pointed look.
: 02/02/16
“Brilliant,” John smiles, watching an answering one bloom on Sherlock’s lips. “Home?”
“What you said, in your message I mean. A relationship. A romantic one.”
John lets him close it back silently, unable to move for a long moment. A thousand new pieces of information race through his head, a delirious mix of ‘Sherlock isn't engaged’ and ‘Sherlock is in danger’ that makes it hard to focus on anything else. With one finger lingering against his lips, he takes a deep breath and looks up sharply at the door. Danger. He needs to focus on that only now. Sherlock needs him to be prepared, needs him to remain close, needs him.
"Was?" Sherlock asks, his voice now a whisper.
Shower, as it turns out, doesn’t help at all. He should know better now, his jealousy having always been
Toby barks happily next to him and Sherlock pats his head softly, staring back at the sea. For a second, he's back to a time where the seat next to him always was empty. A time where the only person he wished would be there was miles away, living a life he wasn't a part of anymore. A time where everything had been slipping through his fingers for so long that it seemed impossible to find a way to fix it. A time that was now only a memory, years that now belonged to the past and that it was best to forget.
“What are you making?” He tries then, making his voice as soft as he can.
Lestrade’s smile widens, “I don’t know, you’re the one who kissed him.”
He lets himself give in to a silent contemplation. He can only see Sherlock’s profile from here, curls falling on his foreheads from the lack of proper care this morning. John suddenly regrets not having tried to trapped some between his fingers this morning. He lets his eyes trail down to Sherlock’s lips, licking his own slowly. Those, right there, those two full lips are everything John wants. If he’d just get to kiss Sherlock everyday for the rest of his life, he’ll know he’d live the best life he ever could. Even just one kiss, one press of their lips lasting forev-
Sherlock closes his eyes, feeling John’s breath against his lips, “John.” Their lips brush again, not quite a kiss but Sherlock’s legs buckle. “But you’re right,” John continues in a murmur, “I’m still afraid I’m going to do the wrong thing, say the wrong thing and remind you just how much I can hurt you.”
“But,” John says just as he about to be kissed, “I’m afraid there are things that need to be talked about first, because I know for a fact things can escalate very quickly.”
Sherlock glanced at John beside him but John only shrugged before following the man. Sherlock sighed again before catching up with them. At least that way he could make sure the german authorities wouldn’t take credit for the arrest. In the end, the german police only held him up for one hour, the investigation turned quite simple once Sherlock told them to call the DI at Scotland Yard. John had been taken in a different room and when Sherlock finally was free to go, the soldier was nowhere in sight.
John considers his next words,
"Sorry," Sherlock mutters, eyes now back on his lips.
“I…” Sherlock begins before breathing out deeply. “I think it’s fairly obvious that I have no experience in all this,” he says, waving between them, and John nods silently. “After you kissed me, I told myself I could just forget about it but, as you can see, I was wrong.”
It takes another long minute before John can manage to ask, "Does he propose to all of them?"
Sherlock releases a loud breath, a nervous laughter escaping him, and he seeks comfort in the only way he knows now, settling against John’s compact chest. He allows himself just a minute to actually let it all sink in, the memory of John’s lips against his own, his arms around his waist and the absolute certainty that it is going to
John licks his lips, wanting absolutely nothing more but to fulfill each and everyone of Sherlock’s fantasies.
“What time is Victor supposed to come?”
Sherlock smiles at him, “At your own risk.”
“He never comes anyway,” Patrick says, having joined them. “What about a walk?”
Sherlock smiles at him, "Not anymore now that you're here."
A thousand questions are rushing through Sherlock’s head again, none of them breaching his lips, but the possibilities now infinite. He forces himself to breathe in and out slowly, the knowledge that John is also erect, or at least on his way, making his own erection swell even more. How many times exactly did he find himself hiding an erection in the middle of a crime scene, in the back of a cab or lying down on the sofa? Too many times to recall, really. Still, luckily until now, Sherlock had always managed to conceal it, to make sure John wouldn’t notice until he could take care of it somehow. And if that meant stroking himself to oblivion in the shower or on his bed, well, Sherlock has gotten used to it now.
Hands tightening into fists, John exhales slowly, the worry giving place to confusion. Sherlock seems perfectly fine, no scratches, no limp, no bruise. None that he can see. Resisting the urge to demand a full check up, he asks, "Time for what?"
Sherlock feels his own lips curl into a smile, feeling John’s heartbeat under his fingers and finding it pounding just as hard  as his.
“I find myself facing some problems at work,” Victor replies, looking only at him. “So I thought it was time to catch up.”
“Yes.”
) I think so, yes. I can drop by around noon, if that’s alright with you.
“I must say it was,” Sherlock replies. “Almost felt like any other time we went to a restaurant together.”
John,
Somehow not surprised of Sherlock’s current state of wake, John can only remain silent. Just for a few more seconds.
Sherlock quickly dismissed the spike of interest that made his stomach flutter. He didn’t have the time to let his body take control. Not right now.
Sherlock complies immediately, pressing their bodies together and melting against him. John lets him find the position he wants, leaving kisses here and there and enjoying the small shivers running up and down Sherlock’s arms. When Sherlock finally decides that he’s best with his back pressed to John’s chest, he stops and breathes out deeply.
“Is it the alcohol that has made you an even more of an idiot?” he asks, knowing perfectly how weak his avoidance of the subject must sound.
"John, stop," Sherlock says softly, maybe just a little too soft, and John closes his eyes.
"Yes?"
Something bright is now dancing in John’s eyes, making it hard for Sherlock to focus on anything else.
“I should say now,” John continues, sounding almost shy, and Sherlock glances back toward him only to find him staring down at his hands. “You were right back there when you deduced me. I’m not used to attending Pride or such events, but my sister dragged me there and of course she disappeared as soon as we arrived.” A nervous laugh escapes him. “I have no idea what happened, but all of a sudden you were right there and you were so… well, beautiful.”
"I was coming down to see you," John whispers.
) John?
“What about your cabin?” John says, wincing as he straightens back up. Kneeling for so long really hadn’t been a good idea. “I want to see that too.”
“What does he mean you can find him now?” Lestrade asks, and Sherlock realises he’s now standing next to him.
“Yeah,” John sighs, their shoulders brushing more solidly this time. Sherlock forces himself not to lean into the touch. “You really have built a life here.”
Sherlock smiles, taking another sip of his soon to be cold tea and glancing at John, still pacing in the living room. Good thing Mrs Hudson isn’t home or she’d be going crazy hearing him walk around above her head. Sherlock isn’t sure how long John had been on the phone exactly, it could be easily hours now, which is highly probable considering who he’s talking to. Sherlock can’t help but admire once again his quite extraordinary patience in such situations, managing to remain calm, pulling the phone away from his face when he needs to take a deep breath or simply mime death to him. One thing is certain, Sherlock would have been yelling at the idiot over the phone in less than three minutes if it had been him, deducing just what he needs to force that idiot to do something, maybe even place one or two threats here and there to make it go faster. But there’s also a high chance he wouldn’t have even called at all, but John is right, no heat during one of the coldest nights of the year isn’t something he’s looking forward to either.
John nods, leaning against the counter. He waits until Matthew disappears in the bathroom before dragging his eyes back to Sherlock. They stare at each other for a long moment, the distance between them having never felt so important, so impossible to cross before.
Sherlock holds his breath, "Tell me."
, he thinks, shaking his head slowly.
“Oh,” John breathes, eyes dropping lower and Sherlock resists the urge to lick his lips. “You were helping him?”
And so John does just that. Together, they part and meet over and over again. With both of his legs now wrapped around John’s back, Sherlock holds on to him the best he can, leaving John with the sensation of belonging to him and him only. Each thrust bringing them closer and closer, they don’t look away from the other’s eyes. John reads there this unconditional love he never thought he’d get to experience, and he loves, god, he loves this man with everything he has.
, finds Sherlock’s name and hits dial, everything is a bloody mess all over again.
John hands him the whole of their papers, enough to keep Victor busy and quiet for quite a while. He goes back to sit facing Sherlock, and takes all the rest of the files, letting him focus on the last piece only. They all work in silence. Remaining aware of the third person in the room, John keeps a close eye on him, not missing the several glances Victor keep casting towards Sherlock.
you mind if I continue to
"You could have taken the passenger seat," John remarks, taking the middle seat. Rosie only shrugs, and with a quiet sigh, John tries not to focus too much on the feeling of Sherlock's thigh pressed against his own. He looks down at his own hands, flat on his lap. "So," he says after another long minute of silence, "How long are you staying with us?"
XX67: I don’t think I will ever understand how you manage to do so every time.
“How was your day?” Victor asks. “Sherlock told me you’re a doctor.”
* 	*	*
“They didn’t get past the door, yeah,” Montgomery sighs, “but I still have to take care of it, make sure these idiots don’t try again.”
mine, right?
John snorts, “Right. He seems to remember you quite clearly.”
Actually, that’s exactly why I wanted to write this letter; because we love him.
"Fuck," he finds himself cursing once more. "Fuck."
“What do you mean you don’t know?”
(Silence)
“Yes, it wasn’t.” John laughed, the lines around his eyes crackling and Sherlock found himself unable to look away. “Well, at least they didn’t kept us in there for too long.” John continued, “Even if it means I need to find a hotel for the night like all the thousand other passengers in this airport.”
Sherlock nods, studying him for a long minute before saying, “When you went upstairs without me, I almost didn’t join you. I almost walked out of the flat.”
Greg nods, taking a sip of his coffee and watching him in silence for a long moment.
“Obvious,” Sherlock muttered, his cheeks feeling a bit too warm and hoping he wasn’t actually blushing. “I trust you to guard the bathroom door.”
“Yeah, you can say that,” John smiles. “I didn’t expect to see you, and yet you looked like you belonged there, dancing as if you were the only one in the club, looking absolutely beautiful.” Sherlock closes his eyes, warmth spreading to his face. “I couldn’t stop looking at you, Sherlock.”
“Where’s Timothy’s room?” Sherlock asks, shaking the man’s hand quickly.
But he pushes the cover down the bed, rolls over and gets up without glancing at his phone. He doesn’t think about picking it up once while getting through his routine, avoiding his own eyes in the mirror and going to fetch Rosie before she starts crying.
“John, where are my notebooks?”
A bright laugh escapes him, and without a second of hesitation, John grabs his coat and leaves.
knowing myself
It takes four days for John to start wondering if he’s going too fast.
“You mean, the sexual tension?” John asks, throat suddenly dry. Sherlock nods, not saying a word and yet his silence telling all there is to say. “In complete honesty, I don’t think so, no.” he laughs at the look of victory on Sherlock’s face. “But still, there is another way to deal with this. I could just go home and-”
Rosie is already playing with the toy, ignoring him entirely, and John fights the urge to check if there isn't a bottle of scotch left in the kitchen. He closes his eyes, focusing on his breathing and trying to loosen the knot slowly forming in his chest. He can control himself, has been learning to do so for the past few weeks, back with Ella. In the end, she had been the only one he had been able to talk to, really talk to. In some way, she had always known, had always been the only one who could understand what was really happening inside his head. It doesn't mean it had been easy to sit back on that chair and face what she had to say without denying all of it. Old habits die hard, they say.
"It's sticky," Sherlock declares all the sudden.
Sherlock, come
everything about you.
“More seriously,” he says, taking a deep breath. “What about some renovations to the flat? We could move everything around, make some changes.”
“Yeah?
John kisses his temple, soft, twice.
"Can I ask you something?"
Sherlock can’t help but laugh, a nervous sound filling the air and making the knot in his chest tighten. “Trying to what? Bring me news about our mutual friends? See if I’m eating well? Make sure I’m alright before taking off again?”
Pauline.
Case solved. Lestrade was right, it was an interesting one. 7/10. John would have loved it, just the right amount of clues and mysteries at the same time.
“John.”
"Doesn't it?" Sherlock can't help but ask, the words out before he can stop himself.
John looks up from his phone, something very warm spreading through his chest, "Brilliant," he breathes as he hits dial, not saying a word as Sherlock's cheeks turn just a little redder. He quickly tells Montgomery to come get them, and when Sherlock laces their fingers together again, they both hold on just a little tighter than before.
(020) XXXX XX32
Is it just my mind that’s not yet quite there?
"It's probably because it's still brand new, but I don't think I'll ever get tired of hearing you say that," John remarks.
Sherlock Watson-Holmes
“That’s cheating, John,” Sherlock says. “You tricked me with orgasms, cuddles and sweet talk.”
you tomorrow.
“Alright,” John nodded, “So we take a seat?”
“That’s because of the fire,” John replies, smiling as if Sherlock had said something funny. “Your bed is going to be very cold, trust me.”
“You were a broken man when I met you,” Sherlock replies, finding it hard to stop himself from meeting John’s hand in the middle again. “It didn’t stop me from falling in love with you.”
“Mates, not in my bar!” Sherlock almost groans in protest when John takes a step backward, holding on tighter to his jacket. “There’s a hotel right across the street.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"It's just..." John begins before stopping himself.
face too now makes me want to gaze into your eyes for hours to no end.
Three knocks on his door pull him out of his thoughts, and he looks up to find Sherlock standing in the doorway, “I have to go out for a hour or so. We can have lunch when I come back, if you want.”
But then John is looking at him, truly looking at him, and all the air is being sucked out Sherlock’s lungs again. John raises his hand to his face, fingers tracing his lower lips slowly before threading into his hair, “What did you deduce back there?”
Sherlock gets out, the street deadly silent at this hour. In the end, it only takes him seven minutes to walk all the way to John’s door, and barely a few seconds to drop the enveloppe in John’s mailbox.
Slowly, John had found his place inside his house, back in Sherlock’s life. He made sure to take care of his flat and belongings still back in London while Sherlock went on his daily walk each morning, putting it all behind him for good. The second day, he asked if he could help him to take care of the hives, and Sherlock had agreed with a small, honest smile that had warmed John’s body for the rest of the day. He had been pleased to realise that Sherlock now ate more often than he didn’t, even if Sherlock had rolled his eyes at his smug smile at dinner just the night before. John knows Sherlock is still testing him, still watching out for the signs that might prove he is going to leave again, and John makes sure to be within his sight when he can feel the tension filling Sherlock’s shoulders again.
Sherlock stares and stares, and soon his own laughter resonates inside the room, full of promise of what’s to come. He threads both hands into John’s hair, words and words and words waiting on the tip of his tongue and yet none seeming important enough to follow John’s.
“Are you sure he hasn’t just changed his mind and went somewhere else?”
"Fuck, Sherlock," he moans, one hand coming to raise one of Sherlock's leg, encouraging him to lock it around his hip.
“Thank you.”
Byt the time they get around to eating dinner, Sherlock monopolises the conversation with a new cold case he’s been trying to solve and John listens attentively, knowing when to ask questions and when to keep quiet. Their eyes meet over the table the entire time, and when Sherlock stands up only to go lie on the sofa and close his eyes, John doesn’t say anything. He leaves the dishes for tomorrow, taking care of Rosie and going through her bedtime routine while chatting with her.
I want you to reply. I mean, I’d like you to reply. With your own letters. At least for now.
I loved my childhood. Despite everything I say or, actually, do not say, I only harbour cherished memories of growing up. My parents were, and still are, a perfect balance of love and kindness and authority. I wasn’t an easy child - I’m certain you’re not surprised - but they never made me feel as though I was different from any other children. They laughed at some of my deductions, were impressed by others but also reprimanded me when I was out of line without ever making me feel ashamed for what I was able to do and therefore not being able to properly socialize with other children my age. They never bothered to insist I invite classmates home or make me go to birthdays I had no interest in. They understood me and accepted me just as I was, and for that, I am eternally grateful. Even if I won’t admit it, of course. And now should be the right time to say it is not all Mycroft’s fault. He was a good big brother, all those years ago. I couldn’t do anything without him, following him everywhere he went. He played with me, read with me, listened to me. But he grew up, and so did I. And then came a point where he was only this older brother who kept insisting on taking care of me when I only wanted peace and quiet and freedom.
It’s obvious Miller has escaped them once more, and he’s probably far from here by now. And it’s just because he had been too focused on deducing why he can’t stop shivering every time he feels the staring man’s eyes on his nape. He can’t possibly tell Lestrade that he already has  memorized the exact color of the man’s hair, skin and eyes, or that he hasn’t been able to stop wondering what would happen if he were to just turn around and stare right back. He can’t possibly tell Lestrade that he can’t remember the last time he’s felt so drawn to another person, just with
He can’t say more or it’ll look as if he’s pressuring him to say something, to say
“Yes, she’s an angel. Violet has taken her in the back garden. Is Sherlock up there?”
“Yes,” he says, turning on the water and washing his dishes. “It had to get out at some point. Timothy was probably only trying to protect himself by leaving.”
Eyes widening in horror, he promptly looks down to John’s chest, wishing he could somehow disappear but John’s breathing is heavy now, and he’s not moving.
“Then why didn’t you?” Sherlock explodes, realising he had been holding onto this anger, to this feeling of abandonment for too long. “Why did it take you four years to find my address?!”
John rolls his eyes, "It's fine Rosie, just fine."
And it doesn’t matter if he cries afterward or even denies it because John is kissing each tear away, turning them all into something much brighter, and Sherlock doesn’t ever want to let go again.
, the least he can do is make it easy for John to see it too.
I’m certain you noticed that I did not offer to let you read my letter. Just like you didn’t let me read yours. For that reason only, I’m guessing exactly what the other Sherlock wrote. It was only a matter of time before they breach
He can't help but smile when he notices Sherlock glaring at Matthew, saying something that makes the other man laugh and pull him closer for a kiss. Looking away quickly, John walks to the nearest waiting cab, slamming the door once he's in, "See the couple there," he says to the driver, pointing to where Sherlock is still being kissed on the pavement. "I'm going where they're going."
John, have you forgotten something?
“Sherlock, could you look at m-”
“Are you inviting me up for coffee?” John smiles, eyes bright and eager.
* * *
Tom’s grin widdens, “That whole hole in your mattress situation, not really an accident, right?”
“Sure, sure, yes,” Tom replies, opening the door for them. “But before you go, can I ask you one question Sherlock?”
a while since we had one
"Two weeks," Matthew replies with a smile.
“Not exactly sure I can truly be ready,” Sherlock says, face breaking into a smile. “But let’s go.”
He’s not sure why he’s asking, why he chose this moment in particular, but Sherlock had played with Rosie all morning, and John feels like his heart could explode any seconds now.
“Tell me you didn’t forget the gift?”
“Oh.”
*	*	*
John,
"Just a case," John replies, surprised that speaking the words out loud makes something bright burst through his chest, and he finds himself laughing. "It was all for a case."
“I could sneak out without anyone noticing”, Sherlock declares in the middle of the afternoon. “You know perfectly well I could.”
conversation too
"That all depends on him," John breathes, worry creeping through his head again.
“Right, the great discovery of the living room.”
Sherlock knows the words are about to spill out before he can do anything about it, “Afghanistan or Iraq?”
John looks down at one of Rosie’s toys between their chair, feeling Sherlock’s eyes on him and letting the words spill out, “It’s so much more than I’ve ever dared to imagine, Sherlock.”
Since Sherlock had woken up just as the movie ended that day, John had been trying to let him see all that he had kept hidden for so long. If it turned out not to be as easy as expected, the habits he had developed over the years to keep it all inside were hard to forget after all, and John couldn’t help but wonder if he’s doing it wrong. He had watched Sherlock get to his feet, mumbling that he had to go check on an experiment before leaving him alone in the living room, and now four days later, they still hadn’t talked about what John had confessed in a whisper. At first John had thought he might need time to think, and he hadn’t pushed the matter further even when Sherlock had declared he wasn’t hungry and spent the entire evening (and night) working on his experiment. John had lain in bed, staring at the ceiling and trying his best not to let second thoughts overwhelm him.
Sherlock's breath is strangely warm against his skin as he replies with a grin, "I caught him, didn't I?"
John pulls away, urging Sherlock to roll back and face him, “In that case, I’d need a kiss first.”
. But that was then, and this is now. Over.
“... and that’s when the killer chose to abandon the weapon, in plain sight, while we were still on the crime scene. Lestrade and I walked past it a dozen times before I noticed it, and then he had plenty of time to get away.”
"I'll try," Rosie smiles, "I promise."
know that he can do this.
"I am in love with you, Sherlock," John says, something warm blooming inside his chest. "I have been in love with you for a very long time, and continued to love you despite everything life threw our way." Sherlock is shaking now, and John is certain he's the one holding them both up. "And I love being in love with you, I love the way it makes everything sharper, brighter. I love that it kept me aching and broken when you left because it meant I was still  able to feel something, still holding on to you. I love the way it makes me want to be touching you, to be breathing you in, to be kissing you all the time."
Angelo’s. 46 Broadwick
“Sherlock,” John smiles, leaning back in to kiss over his closed eyelids. “It’s not a bad idea, you know. It’ll take the edge off until later.”
I still can’t believe I
“Yeah, come in.”
When Sherlock comes out, he’s already changed into night clothes, sitting down and immediately going for the pan.
"It's nice of your parents to invite us like this," he says, hoping their voices would reassure Rosie as they talk.
“I have his full name,” Sherlock replies, already going back to the deduction he made about John at the pub. It only takes a second before he makes the first connection, and he takes out his own phone quickly. “He went to med school before enrolling, and the best school in London for that is Bart’s.” Lestrade hums next to him, watching him work it out in silence just like he’s done so many times on crime scenes. “Now, there’s one person I know who studied medicine at Bart’s and fit John’s age, so I only need to find the class register and right year, and see if there’s a John Wats- There, found him.”
“Better not screw this up, Watson,” he whispers, still not quite believing it all. “Sherlock wants to be seduced, better do it right.”
John smiles, resisting the urge to kiss him again. “Then you could go to your bathroom and take care of…” he looks down between them, “this before coming back.”
“Can’t we…” Sherlock begins before blushing even more. “Isn’t there a way to do this together?”
“Then don’t leave,” Sherlock breathes, holding on tighter.
“Sherlock, we are not going to act like a family,” he says, choosing each words carefully.
"It's alright," John says, "I put this over my clothes." He glances at Sherlock before he leaves the room, "It was a last minute buy."
XX32: That’s a lot to take in. And why did they? Make contact, I mean.
“Don’t stop.”
“Not the only one, no,” John replies, refusing to let Sherlock think so. “Leaving is running away from the problem. Quentin was being just as stupid trying to deal with his own feelings by dating other people, exactly like running away.”
“I love you,” John rushes out, “God, I love you.” He all buts throws himself at him again, and Sherlock parts his lips immediately, welcoming him in with a deep moan. He wraps one leg around his waist, urging John to settle back between them, and the friction makes them both groan into the kiss.
"At first, yes," Sherlock replies. "But then, no, not anymore."
be there first thing in
"She is," John smiles, wishing he could make Sherlock look at him again. "She's downstairs with Mrs Hudson." Another silence. John breathes in deeply. "Actually, I had come to see if you wanted to come trick or treating with us. For halloween, I mean. Tonight."
A soft chuckles escapes Sherlock's lips, "Warned you on the very first day. "
“See, it was obvious from the start,” Sherlock continues, “and even more after looking at your flat and rooms-”
I’m sorry I couldn’t stay for lunch.
Everything’s
John tries to focus on a movie after but gives up quickly, eyes falling shut all too often. He heads for the shower, making it an efficient one and stumbles onto Sherlock waiting outside the door when he’s finished.
(020) XXXX XX32
“No more question?” John laughs, only offering him his neck.
, the time when anything could have happened, when a simple brush of their fingers held the promise of
“Carefull!” A man exclaimed as Sherlock almost spilled his drink on the floor but he didn’t bother to reply, having caught sight of John sitting in an armchair not far away.
“It won’t,” Sherlock replies, meeting his eyes.
“I had pretty much the same train of thoughts,” John replies, brushing Sherlock’s feet more firmly. “I am still amazed we woke up without having moved a muscle.”
That was the night you realised you were perfectly alright with it.
“But dinner first, ok?” he says after yet another kiss.
now… now it feels like
“You did say sex wasn’t your area when we first met,” John replies, almost defensively.
John glances at the offered hand, considering his option.
“He has not look at it until now which can only mean he’s certain the briefcase is safe, probably secured by a code. He trusts no one can open it, he barely thinks about it anymore. It’s obviously an old briefcase judging by the scratch on the bottom, he carries it with him all the time. Which means he will never forget it by mistake after a dinner or on the train but in a case of emergency, he will not think about.”
*	*	*
John turns back to Sherlock just in time to see Matthew's hand slide dangerously down his back. "Alright," he declares, another pang of jealousy taking over him, and he gets to his feet, taking Arnold's hand.
John pushes his empty place and almost immediately someone is here to take it away.
“Sherlock. Did you like it?”
“Is it confidential or…” John asks, shifting closer on the bench and Sherlock does his best to pretend he hasn’t noticed. “I mean, you must have to follow some rul-”
Sherlock is the first to reach out, placing a hand on John’s chest and pushing until he’s on his back again. John watches him shift closer, still on his side, but now pressed back against him.
"I still have no idea what we're looking for," John says when they reach the right door. Sherlock fidgets with the key for a second, but John can't bring himself to point out it'd be easier with both of his hands free. "The first report was right, then, a homicide?"
John is panting against his lips, eyes still closed and Sherlock doesn’t move this time. He looks at him, already wondering just how exactly he was supposed to let him go. Brushing their lips softly together again, he breathes, “You don’t have your cane anymore.” He feels John tense, most likely awaiting the sudden pain in his leg, but Sherlock kisses him once more. “You don’t need it, never did.” John breathes out deeply between more kisses, hands slightly shaking against Sherlock’s nape. “You’ve got me.”
“I fail to see why,” Sherlock replies, eyes still fixed on the phone.
“I would need supplies, obviously.”
John holds back a snort, forcing himself to breathe out deeply. Sherlock, of course, gives the number immediately, walking Victor out of the flat. John remains alone, sitting in his chair with a coffee he hasn’t touched, wondering what the hell just happened exactly. It takes Sherlock another full minute before reappearing.
“Just as I know you'd prefer to go somewhere else.” Sherlock added.
“I told you,” John says after a while. “I was better at all this before. I can’t remember the last time I went on a proper date, actually.”
Sherlock opens his mouth to protest only to find the word stuck in his throat.
“They tell me to piss off,” Sherlock replies honestly. “Some try to punch me.”
“I know this is your first day here, and that your wife’s adultery is keeping you up every night, but it is not an excuse for idiocy.” Sherlock snarled, the man's eye widening as anger turned his face red, “I am telling you this man a international criminal, wanted in several countries and all you have to say is ‘step away’ ?”
XX32: (laughing softly) Right now?
John’s hands are shaking as he begins to unbutton his shirt slowly, sliding it off Sherlock’s shoulders before taking care of his own. Sherlock can only stare, fingers stroking down his chest, from scar to hips, and John chuckles softly, “Ticklish.” Sherlock smiles, wanting nothing more but to kiss the sound, but suddenly there are John’s hands pushing his trousers down. “Still alright?” John asks, leaning in to kiss his shoulder, and Sherlock nods quickly.
“Alright, alright. I’m adding it to my list anyway.”
Sherlock shakes his head, "No," he replies, too quickly.
John didn’t want to get discouraged too quickly so he tried to dig deeper. “I’m sure it was your idea.” He replied, smiling, but Sherlock didn’t even glance back at him. “It is so unique that only someone special could have come up with it. I guess your parents were really accommodating and let you do what you wanted to?”
“All the time, yes. I’m hoping it’ll get easier when she’s older.”
Sherlock is still standing outside the door when John opens it, having wrapped himself in his towel and for the briefest of seconds, he catches Sherlock's eyes wandering down his chest. "Sorry," he manages to say, finding it hard to breathe all of the sudden.
"All right," Lestrade breathes after a beat of silence. "That should be enough for tonight. We'll see what Horsen has to say, but with the file we have, it shouldn't be a problem."
“Yeah,” John replies, still whispering.
“Alright. Yes. Later?”
“John, I thought you’d be awake!”
Sherlock's eyes widen for the briefest of seconds, a flush spreading to his neck as he says, "Don't pretend we wouldn't have done that whether I eat or not."
“Better at what?” Lestrade frowns, apparently not getting it at all, and Sherlock sighs.
“Is that why you’re here, John?” He asks, his voice sounding weak and desperate even to his own ears.
Victor, thank God, isn’t back yet when he gets out of the bathroom. Sherlock is staring out the window, hands clasped behind his back. He doesn’t turn around when John comes into the room, nor when he puts his jacket and shoes on.
“I know.” Sherlock is blushing again, but not looking away, and John finds the courage he needs in his cautious but hopeful eyes.
“Did another letter arrive?” John asks, sitting down and giving him his mug.
“The whole business is dreadful.” Sherlock remarked.
- Email thread with Sherlock Holmes -
I know you told me to take time to think about what I’d like to write in this letter, but I believe that isn’t the right plan. You see, by allowing myself time, I’d start questioning every single thought I’d be writing down - is it important enough, interesting enough, relevant enough… Whereas writing down what I’m thinking right now, barely two minutes after sending you that last text, I know that the things coming to my mind are the ones I truly need and want to tell you.
but I wanted to say,
I’ll try.
“Right now?” he asks, moving closer.
Sherlock glares at him but it only makes Lestrade smile even more, “You want to see him again, yeah? That’s what this is all about?”
Sherlock leaves her in the hall, heading for his laboratory and placing a dozen jars of honey in a box. “Should I carry it for you to your car?” He asks when he comes back.
“John.”
war wounds and blood, don't read number 6
“Is this one of the thing you thought about?” Sherlock asks, still not having let go.
It’s written all over his - my - face. It’s in the way I’m looking at him, this other John lying in bed, next to me, wrapped around me. I’m smiling, a smile I can’t remember having ever seen on my lips before, and it doesn’t take my mind palace to understand the reason why. Is it the feeling of John’s lips on my neck that brought such a smile to exist? Or is it the mere fact of sharing a bed with him, sharing a moment like the one this photograph froze in time?
“And that being…”
He had almost forgotten John’s presence. To Sherlock’s surprise, John hadn’t tried to ask any further questions and had stayed silent for the last ten minutes without complaining. Surely the army had taught him to stay in place for a long time and not make a sound, but Sherlock had expected more curiosity from the man. He hadn’t even explained the whole situation, but John didn’t seem to mind. Sherlock couldn’t help but wonder when John would stop surprising him.
“The doctor said you might not remember, I take it he was right.”
XX67: I don’t know… I don’t know if I can.
“Meaning I will be standing around waiting for you to work your magic? Problems if I ask some questions then? I’ve had quite enough of waiting around silently and it’s my vacation time after all.” the soldier smiled.
XX67: John, I-
"Shhhh," John breathes, this time closing the remaining distance between them and letting Sherlock melt against him. "I know. I've been an idiot this whole time, but I know now. I can see it, in everything you do, everything you ever did."
Sherlock sighs again, taking the phone and frowning, “Wha-”
John holds his stare for as long as he dares to, finding that even after all these years, being under Sherlock’s studying eyes still makes him feel like the center of the world, “And you’re her Pa’,” he breathes. “We both know perfectly well she never truly called you Papa because we didn’t correct her, didn’t teach her the full word when she began to use it, and so the nickname stuck with her. But you were always her father too, not just on paper.”
there.
* 	*	*
He feels John shake his head, “Not at all.”
“Yeah?” John breathes.
“Yes,” Sherlock replies, standing closer than he had thought. “We received them last night, but Lestrade called with a case and I didn’t have the time to tell you.”
You are not going to mess everything up, Sherlock, as long as you let yourself be loved by this far from ordinary man.
“Even if we didn’t kiss,” Sherlock replies, suddenly overwhelmed with the need to.
“One more question,” John says, crawling back on top of him. “Are you absolutely certain of this?”
“Company?” Sherlock asks.
“He doesn't have much choice, does he?” John asks, laughing softly.
"It's alright," Sherlock replies softly, leaning into Matthew's embrace.
We’re definitely staying for lunch, then.
He walks to Sherlock slowly, only hesitating a second before sliding both arms around his waist and resting his forehead against his upper back. He feels Sherlock shiver, feels him tense too only to relax immediately, almost leaning back into him. Smiling, John murmurs, "There is only one thing I should have told you so many times, and even if I hadn't found you with Horsen tonight, I was coming to tell you anyway."
Sherlock stops in the middle of the stairs, his hand clenched around the railing and his voice almost too quiet as he replies, “Yes?”
"If you agree to eat," John replies, leaning over the table, "then we'll have another go at some of your fantasies while she naps."
“Why would anyone frame you for this?” John asks, glad to remind them both of his presence.
Sherlock closes his eyes, feeling John’s lips leave small kisses on his jaw and chin.
“If you’re going to continue talking, you can just leave,” Sherlock says, already starting to think John is taking far too long to reply.
Sherlock’s eyes widens, “Wouldn’t that be… inconvenient afterward?”
He goes around his bedtime routine quickly, knowing there’s John waiting for him and that the night still has so many promises to fulfil. He makes sure to brush his teeth twice, looks himself over for long minutes and desperately tries to find a way to look ten years younger in just seconds. “Get it together, Holmes,” he whispers, closing his eyes. There’s nothing he can do about the years that have already gone by, nor about what they did to his body, but John doesn't mind. John finds him beautiful. John loves him. “He loves me.”
“We’ve learned from those past few years,” John says. “We know how to make sure it is going to last.”
They stare at each other for a long moment, challenging the other to say something, and John has to hide his smile when he sees Rosie's eyes suddenly widen, "Wait," he breathes, now grinning. "What were the two of you doing in the same room?"
“What were you doing in there anyway?” John chuckles, “Freezing to death?”
“Maybe,” Sherlock concedes, “but I could have gone out if I wanted to.”
“Hi,” John says, shaking the hand Victor is offering. “Mrs Hudson said you were a friend of Sherlock?”
Sherlock rolls his eyes but smiles too, and John finds himself thinking of holding his hand. Maybe later, on their way back to Sherlock’s parents. For now, he desperately wants to dig into Sherlock’s past. They reach Sherlock’s hiding spot quickly and then, John can do nothing more but listen avidly to each words coming out of Sherlock’s mouth. He laughs at the memories of long nights spent watching just a few flowers, out there in the cold. He mokes gently at the tell of Sherlock’s sulk spent there, having absolutely no trouble picturing a younger version of Sherlock waiting here for hours. It’s only when Sherlock’s phone chimes with a text that they realise just how long they’ve been here.
“Two other doctors were already there, trying to catch the kid to calm him but they couldn’t seem to be able to get a grip on him, a fast runner he was for sure.”
“Yes,” he breathes, his own hands sliding down to John’s trousers before recapturing his mouth for another kiss. They continue to slowly undress each other until Sherlock can do nothing more but stare at John’s erection pressed against his own, something warm and bright exploding deep inside him. “John,” he cries out, head thrown back at the first thrust of John’s hips.
“Is everything alright? Were you-” John hesitates, eyes going from Sherlock’s head to his shoes. “Were you looking for me?”
"Oh and by the way," Lestrade says, smiling as he turns around to look at them once parked. "Nice costumes." Sherlock is out of the car with another roll of eyes but without a word, and John can't help but return Lestrade's amused smile, "Come on, let's get this over with."
"Yes," John moans, the lack of pressure on his erection welcomed. He looks down just in time to catch Sherlock staring at it, licking his lips, and another groan escapes him. "You," he says, sitting up to reach for Sherlock's trousers.
“Time to shower now,” he tells Toby who has found his rightful place on the couch.
Sherlock shrugs, "Sorry."
"You're so beautiful," John smiles, not quite believing his luck. "I'm the luckiest man alive."
The formula for the ink is known except for two elements.
"I'll take him for a quick walk," Sherlock announces. "You can go lie down."
“I was in college the last time it happened,” Sherlock says. “Not with Victor.”
It is happening now.
I said I would, didn’t I?
But when thirty minutes later, as Sherlock walked inside the fourth hotel in search of a room, he couldn’t help the honest laughter that escaped him when he heard a now familiar voice ask right behind him with an audible smirk.
“Like this,” John whispers against his skin, “I want to feel you come like this.” Sherlock moans, feeling himself blush at John’s words, his pleasure building and building. “You’re so beautiful,” John continues, kissing every inch of his skin. “I love you, I love you.”
“John,” Tom calls out, looking offended. “You’ll tell me. Right?”
I will.
“I can,” Sherlock replies, standing up to place his plate in the sink.
“Yes, John.” Sherlock circled his legs around John’s waist, allowing John to push further. “More. I need more.”
Sherlock follows him to the exit, not letting go of his hand, and he tugs them toward the locker to get his coat. John remains silent and close, their bodies pressed side to side, and Sherlock doesn’t bother putting his coat back on, waves of heat coming off of him. They stumble outside, not exchanging a word, and John manages to hail a cab quickly, pushing him inside after him.
"Of course you can," John replies, heading back downstairs. He stops in the kitchen, pouring himself a glass of water before sitting down. Rosie imitates him in silence, one finger tapping against the table, and for a long moment John studies her. She's grown, that much he can tell. She almost seems more mature, her hair shorter and a little something in her eyes different.
I should stop now, having said too much already.
The sound of Toby walking around the house downstairs finally forces John out of bed, and he makes sure to put on one of his jumpers before leaving the room. Walking silently down the stairs, he quickly puts the kettle on and opens the door to the garden for Toby. He watches him for a long moment, running around the garden before coming back to him, and John smiles, “You took care of him when I didn’t.” Toby barks happily, shaking his head and laying down next to one of the chairs. “Thank you.”
Sherlock remains silent for a long moment, and when John looks back at him, he’s faced with a bright, trusting smile that makes his heart miss a beat, “I have no idea what I’m doing, John, but just like you seemed to know what you want from me, I know that this is what I want right now.”
"John, is that you?"
“Victor,” John says, searching for Sherlock’s eyes without success. “College friend.”
“The things I said in this message,” he begins carefully, “I should have told you like this, face to face.” Sherlock opens his mouth as if to reply but apparently decides against it, looking much more panicked all of a sudden. “I meant every word, Sherlock.”
"But what if it's everything but that?"
“Thank you for having us, Violet,” he says when she lets go.
“I don’t object,” John replies, lips finding Sherlock’s neck.
XX32: I’ll see you then.
I shouldn’t have sent you this email. I shouldn’t, I-
John shakes his head, "There were days when I wondered how you couldn’t see it, days when I couldn't keep it all at bay, when I only wanted to hold you close and forget about everything in your arms."
He wakes up to a hand shaking his shoulder and a body half on top of his. For a tangible moment, he wonders if he’s still dreaming or not, memories of warm skin and heated kisses lingering in the back of his mind. But then, John’s voice fills the room, hoarse and full of hunger, “You were dreaming... moaning.” John’s hand slides to his neck, shaking. “Saying my name.”
XX67: I’m sorry.
you. It felt like it
It takes exactly thirty seconds before John realises what he just did.
XX32: Are you using again? I swear to God, Sherlock, if you’re back to tak-
“Yes,” Sherlock confirmed without turning back, “It was only a matter of time, really.”
02:34
John keeps an eye on him all the way over there, tightening his grip around Horsen's hands. "You know, Sherlock makes the most delicious sounds when he's being touched."
"What?" The driver calls, looking at him in the mirror.
“Resting,” he replies, soft.
John looks up sharply, finding Sherlock’s eyes fixed on him.
of course.
Lucky you, you get another chapter today, enjoy :)
“He’ll thank us in the end, as always.”
“Of course rules are important to you.” Sherlock paused, studying the light shade of sunburn on the man’s neck and the way he clenched his fist under Sherlock’s silent examination. “Military man, recently deployed, Afghanistan or Iraq I would put my money on, and on your first leave. You are not a career soldier though. You went to medical school and probably have finished surgeon training. Somewhere along the lines you joined the army, now practicing as a military doctor in a war zone. You’re waiting for a plane to London, visiting your family for the holidays.” Sherlock paused again before murmuring, “Hum, interesting.”
His entire body feels out of control, each stroke of John’s hand against his lower back sending thrill of pleasure down his spine, and soon they’re both rocking against the other. Sherlock has no idea where and when he became erect, but he doesn’t care because there is an answering bulge in John’s jeans, frotting against his own, and the whole world has gone quiet. He kisses John harder, finding that he does in fact know how to make this man shudder into his arms, and this is his brightest victory. He only wishes to be able to do just that, again and again, for the rest of his life.
John reaches for his leg, pulling it up until he can lock them together better, now perfectly feeling the outline of Sherlock's erection against his own. “God, you’re so beautiful.”
“Hmmm,” Sherlock replies, having no idea what he supposed to be say.
They kiss.
Sherlock allowed himself to laugh, joining John for a few seconds. John was looking everywhere but at Sherlock, and the detective put his hands inside his coat’s pocket, too afraid of what he might do to make John look at him again.
“Coffee would be great, thank you.”
“Yeah, that’s probably for the best. Still, I hope they’re not watching us all the time.”
It seems to please Sherlock because he looks back out the window and John is finally able to concentrate on his breathing. it doesn't really matter where they're going, or what this mysterious restaurant is. None of it matters, only Sherlock and Rosie, his family. He can't dare to think of all the times Sherlock must have wished for just that, to have them both in his home, and John can't help but glance at him again. He licks his lips nervously, knowing perfectly well Sherlock wouldn't care if he were just to lace their fingers together right now, even with Rosie's shining eyes on them. But still, he finds himself hesitating to do just that, the novelty of it all making his head spin and his breath come shorter.
“Are you ce-?”
, how could Sherlock have missed
“You can call if you need any help,” John makes sure to remind him.
"All right," John replies, wishing Horsen could see him standing there.
“Alright.”
“So he really isn’t on holiday,” John concludes.
Sherlock complied, letting John undressed him slowly and he couldn’t help but noticed how the pace had changed as John took his time to remove each sleeve. Sherlock watched him, not saying a word as John continued to kiss his now naked upper body. First the inside of his wrist, his tongue darting out to lick along one prominent vein before moving to the crook of his elbow, nipping gently at it. It was all so tender and Sherlock closed his eyes, letting out a content sigh as John continued his discovery. He had thought the previous frenzy of their movements would have lead to a storm of passion but John seemed to have decided otherwise. Sherlock almost felt as if John was taking his time on purpose, exploring Sherlock’s body with precision. Just the way Sherlock would have done it if he wanted to commit every detail to memory.
“Allowed yourself?”
“No time.”
XX32: I just can’t ignore this, Sherlock. Clearly, you didn’t either.
“Sure.”
“That,” Sherlock replies. “Or talking.”
"Pa'!" Rosie exclaims, hugging him too.
“Client?”
I’m going to talk to you about January 30th 2010, or more precisely about the night you spent lying awake in bed. That was the night you considered doing something stupid, or so you thought. That was the night you wondered what John would say if you showed up at his door and just said,
Sherlock is faster and he types Lestrade’s code quickly, not caring that he had cracked it long ago.
And kiss you too,
They stare at each other in silence, and when Greg does leave, John finds himself wishing he hadn’t. Even Rosie has stopped mumbling, chewing on her toy and watching him. Strangely, everything seems to slow down as he phone beeps with a new mail, and when John finally,
Just a little note that I’ll delete later to say that there won’t be a new chapter this week ... Life happened and I didn’t get around finishing chapter 3. I’ll try my best to post it next wenesday! Thank you again for all the love for this story!!
John glances at Sherlock’s bed, where he would be sleeping, tomorrow. No longer in his.
XX32: I thought it would be best, yes.
13:14
“No,” Sherlock replies too quickly, and he shifts on his chair to regain some composure. “Continue.”
I think I would, yes.
John frowns at him, unable to stop himself from smiling, “You’ve searched my room.”
of Rosie’s nap to sleep
“Okay, family then. Anyone there who brought you into the field?”, John smiled.
“Finish up on my experiment now that I have all the data I need.”
“Why?”
John takes the few steps sill separating them, sliding his hand along Sherlock's hand and squeezing, "I am ridiculously happy right, do you know that?"
Arnold turns to look where Sherlock and Matthew are still dancing, "What about what he's doing then?"
Sherlock lets out a loud breath, looking pained for just a second.
But it doesn’t mean I
“Good enough.”
easier this way.
"Do you remember what I told you when you moved out of Baker Street?"
“Everything’s alright?”
“I know,” Sherlock whispers, having gone still again.
“I… I can go, you don’t have to say anything right no—”
“I’m not sleeping on the couch this time.”
“It wasn’t my best plan.” He confessed.
"No," Sherlock says, eyes meeting his. "Tonight."
“It was nice to meet you,” Victor says, coming to shake his head and by doing so blocking Sherlock from John’s view. “Until next time.”
"John," comes Mycroft's voice on the phone.
“Sherlock,” John gasps, having lost control too, hands now on his arse. “Oh god, Sherlock.”
I hope you'll enjoy my take on Sherlock's secrets.
A second passes. "Yes."
“Honestly.”
Found you. SH
He remains sitting there for a long moment, phone in hand and the promise he just made making his head spin. He knows Rosie is just trying her best, and that she never really recovered from when they left 221B to have their a flat of their own. With the years she had understood that the upstairs bedroom was getting too small for the two of them, but she had never fully accepted leaving her Pa’ behind, and had resented him ever since. John wishes he could have told her that he would have loved nothing more but to stay in Baker Street all these years, would have love to the find the courage to ask Sherlock if there was just the smallest chance that he could move to his bedroom instead and remain there.
"Yes."
_____
“You’re not.”
Sherlock,
“Alright mister Tournier, it appears that your brother changed his ticket for one to Leeds instead. That’s all I can found out from here.”
:  s.holmes@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk
They don’t look away.
Sherlock opened the door, checking the hallway to make sure no member of staff was there and got out. John followed quickly, regaining his place beside him and Sherlock waited for the obvious next intervention. He eyed the soldier, his lips stretch in a thin line and his eyes scanning the floor before them. It didn’t take a lot of work to deduce John’s next words.
Sherlock shakes his head.
and calm me.
“I don’t mind,” John replies, having already closed his eyes anyway.
"I..." Sherlock begins, sighing. "I have no right to-"
Sherlock’s eyes snap open, immediately finding John’s, wide and surprised. They stare at each other, Sherlock having stopped dancing, and breathing too apparently. Dozens of questions stumble through his head, none making it pass his lips. He takes in all of John’s body instead, hair damp from dancing, cheeks red and breath short. He’s been there a while, dancing, drank two- no three shots. For an instant, Sherlock fears John’s date is out here, one of the men in this club, a
I did exactly the same, more than twenty years ago now. My situation is nothing like yours, I fell into Sherlock Holmes’ arms the very day after our meeting. But it didn’t change the fact that it took us months to truly, and I do mean
John nods, following him to the door without a word. They remain on the household for a long moment, Sherlock finally saying in a breath, “Your mailbox.” John frowns at him. “I put my letter there.”
“You two keep in touch, then?” is the one breaching his lips, and he regrets it immediately.
“Oh, interesting,” John says, walking a bit faster.
Sherlock goes very still, crying out his name over and over again as he comes. John crashes their mouths together again, feeling his own orgasm slowly take over, spilling himself inside his pants. Seconds stretch around them, turning into something very close to forever, and John wishes nothing more but to live in that instant for the rest of his life. Sherlock is still shaking when he pulls away from the kiss, eyes still as wide and hands roaming all over John’s back. John leaves soft kisses along his jaw and neck, both hands in his curls now, massaging slowly.
John walks over to his bedroom, finding Sherlock staring at his mattress, now on the floor.
John leans in, "Is that a mark?"
“Maybe, but she’ll have to get used to it.”
: 01/26/16
Sherlock?
“You barely know me,” Sherlock replies in a murmur, pressing them closer and John isn’t sure he’s aware he’s doing so.
John still couldn’t quite believe his luck. Here he was in their shared room with Sherlock pressed up against the door and practically melting into his body. He caught the student’s lower lip between his teeth, nipping at it slightly. His mind had trouble keeping up with all the things he wanted to do. Swallowing another of Sherlock’s moans, John tried to calm himself down. He had this one night and he wanted to make it count.
"In an alley, flat on your stomach," John replies, the two of them staring at each other for a second before bursting into giggles. Sherlock's continues to hold tightly to John’s hand as he leans backward, putting a safe distance between them again, and John looks away to regain some composure before saying, "Come on, let's go."
“I didn’t,” Sherlock replies, adding immediately, “Had control.”
Sherlock stops walking, eyes wide fixed on him, lips slightly parted. John laughs quietly, tugging on his hand to pull him closer.
John makes sure to sound as natural as possible as he replies, "I'll wait for you in my room."
but couldn’t. I
“John,” he panted, moving his hands to John’s shoulder, trying to pull him off, “John,
Earlier today,
He doesn’t hesitate to light a cigarette this time, and he blows the smoke slowly, apparently unable to look away from his phone. It doesn’t stop him from jumping in surprise when it chimes, twice,  and he almost drops it as he hurries to read John’s answer.
"Coming in?" John asks in a whisper, and Sherlock nods sharply, leaving the door open behind him.
"I'm certain there'll be days when the weight of it all will be hard to live with, yes."
(See the end of the chapter for
. I was certain I was going to ruin it all, that my lack of experience and social interaction in the past would push John away and make him realise he could find someone so much easier to deal with elsewhere. It was all I could think about. I was certain that each time he kissed me would be the last, and I almost convinced myself that it was for the better.
“The DI you saw at the pub,” Sherlock explains, remembering just how Lestrade had made sure he couldn’t escape John back there.
The question hangs in the air for what could be an eternity. A thousand different replies rush through Sherlock’s head, but none breach his lips.
Sherlock shakes his head, “That’s not it. Can we try the other way?”
“At three in the morning?” Sherlock can’t help but ask, biting his lips right after, but John smiles at him.
Sherlock shrugs, "You're loyal. You kept your engagement."
Sherlock swallows loudly, "You leaned in, one knee on the floor, your hand on my knee."
for months now.
after you left the pub.
. Sherlock isn’t sure which is worse.
It took over three hours from the moment I noticed the almost too-faded footprint near the north wall and the moment one of Lestrade’s men informed us the man had an illegitimate son. A rather disappointing end to a promising case. It was then only a matter of connecting the clues, facts and times together.
“Ok. Yeah. Good.”
“Amazing and clever,” Sherlock replies in a whisper, not quite yet letting him go.
“But you didn’t.”
“Come?”
) I’m happy you did too.
That was the night you worried if he would move in with you, if he would like you, if he would stay. That was the night you let yourself imagine what could have happened. If John would have kissed you after dinner, the adrenaline still pumping through his veins and the memory of the man he just killed to save you still so very clear in both of your minds.
“I didn’t want to go,” John confesses, looking back at him.
You are not going to mess everything up.
“It doesn’t make it easier, it only means you had time to imagine what it’ll be like and be disappointed when it-”
“Alright.”
John looks into his eyes, “Do you think it won’t?”
Silence, again. And John, ever so daring,
Good.
John and Thomas jump at the same time as Sherlock’s voice echoes behind them, and John turns around slowly. Looking at a Sherlock with his hair still wild and sleep in his eyes, John decides he needs to be the first one to wake up more often. “Good morning,” he smiles.
John?
"Nice to meet you, John," Arnold smiles, looking away to stare at the people dancing. "Why are you leaving then?"
“You do know Twitter, right?” Lestrade asks, barely hiding his excitement.
I won't promise to update every week, but I'll do my best for sure.
XX32: You’re right. In you letter. We should have talked about it years ago.
And so John does, Sherlock’s eyes meeting his midway. He tries a small smile, silently telling this beautiful man that he doesn’t meant all that he said this week, that it was the fatigue and stress talking, and that he’s forgiving him for all his harsh words too. Sherlock smiles back, almost insecure, but John reads it all there too. The apologies, the doubts and promises.
I’ve only seen her once while she was sick, John. I’m fine.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “You aren’t angry?” His voice sounded honestly surprised.
“No,” Sherlock continued, ignoring the worried glance the woman was giving to her colleague, “I work with the police and I need to take this plane for an investigation.”
XX67: (
13:12
John doesn’t reply, glaring at the man, breath coming ever shorter now, and Sherlock can’t quite believe what he’s witnessing. The man moves closer, about to claim his waist again and saying, “Why don’t we let him choose.”
“I want to kiss you.”
“Nothing,” he replies, squeezing Sherlock’s hand. “It’s just… cosy.”
“Jason Marks” John panted slightly, the sprint having left him just a bit short for breath, “You would do good if you just stayed still now.”
John swallows slowly, tongue licking his lip as he says, "You know I don't mind, right?" Sherlock shrugs, looking away. "I truly don't. All I care about is what you are comfortable with, what you like, what you want to do."
Sherlock nods, lips parting as if to speak but he turns around without saying another word, and John remains standing there, in a room made for him, and that had remained empty for the past four years.
Sherlock waits, silent. He’s not sure what the first sign will be exactly, so he doesn’t move, doesn’t breath still. He waits, and nothing comes.
“I can start if you want,” John suguest and Sherlock nods again. “Ok. You were talking about that night and I would be lying if this wasn’t my biggest regret. No need to talk about my state of mind at the time and how you manage to stop me from doing something very stupid.”
Daring to let one hand slide lower, John stops on Arnold's lower back and holds him closer. He's still not sure what he's trying to prove here, especially after having just accepted that Sherlock deserves to have a chance at love, but meeting his eyes once more in the middle of all those people feels absolutely glorious. He's not sure how long they stare at each other, Matthew kissing Sherlock's neck reverently but Sherlock showing no sign of caring, even just a bit. Another swirl and Sherlock disappears again, "He's leaving," Arnold breathes. "Bathroom."
“Go ahead, don’t mind me, he must have forgotten to tell me,” John smiles, stepping back inside to fetch his mug.
"Is there a purpose to this phone call, doctor Watson?"
“You want to come, I can see it.” John moaned, “Just do it.”
09:36
Sherlock reaches for a new journal from the ones still sitting on the floor without looking away from the letter. His fingers stroke the hard cover absently for a long moment, deducing the color (blue) and failing to open it twice. When he finally manages to tear his eyes away from the too familiar handwriting, he takes out the pen in his dressing gown pocket, head slightly spinning.
Sure, yes. We could stay for lunch if you want.
“Penetration,” Sherlock whispers. “Both giving and receiving.”
He's startled when Sherlock leans closer, his mouth right next to his ear, and John can't help but shiver when his feels his breath against his bare skin, "I know it doesn't make sense, but I need you to say it again."
“Don’t you know them all already?”
It was beyond anything Sherlock could have imagined. He had let John carry him to the bed, giving him control entirely only because Sherlock couldn’t bare the thought of letting go of John for even a second. The soldier’s body was surrounding him completely, his taste invading Sherlock’s mouth with each burning kiss and his hands making Sherlock whimper with need. He opened his leg wider, John lowering his body onto his and Sherlock broke their kiss as they clothed erection came in contact for the first time. “Clothes,” he muttered, “too many clothes.”
"John, I'm..." Sherlock moans, eyes wide open and his curls sticking to his forehead. "I can't wait any lo-"
“Stop,” John commands to the silent room, and he doesn’t bother cursing against the too familiar voice in his head. He reaches for the pile of jumpers on the lower shelf, placing them carefully on top of his shirts and finally closing the suitcase. He stares down at it, his fingers shaking and the ache spreading throughout his chest making it hard to breathe.
, John thinks, his stomach in knots again, but does his best not to let it show.
"Alright?" He asks, his voice almost a whisper, and John hurries to nod, even managing to smile. Sherlock studies him for another long second before shaking his head slowly, his lips curling in a so very soft smile, "You are an idiot, John Watson," he murmurs, and John is certain he can feel Rosie move next to him, turning toward the window as if to give them privacy. "Here," Sherlock continues, reaching for one of his hands and threading their fingers.
Another full laugh dies off into a kiss, slowly turning more and more demanding. John, ever so careful, turns them over to settle back between Sherlock’s open legs. They kiss for a long moment, arousal building up again. Trying to be as gentle as possible, John takes his time to properly prepare Sherlock, getting everything he needs and pushing one finger after the other inside him without ever looking away from his face. Sherlock, surprisingly, turns out to be an open book, emotions dancing in his eyes with each thrust of John’s fingers. The constant
“Which will definitely happen,” Sherlock points out.
The moment John goes still again, Sherlock barely manage to hold back a desperate moan.
Can you picture us too?
“You must have make your parents life hell as a teenager,” John says. “I’m sure your mom had a lot of stories.”
It had taken quite a bit of self-control for John to simply walk away. Sherlock had been the most interesting person he had met in years,and John would be lying if he said he didn’t get to met lot of strange and mysterious people since his deployment. But he never liked to push others too far, especially people he just met, and Sherlock hadn’t seemed inclined to spend the evening with him. John had been careful, not wanting to miss any clue indicating that Sherlock might also share his interest. But they had said their goodbyes and John had fought back the urge to turn around and directly ask Sherlock out for the night.
Thank you again for all the comments and kudos on this fic, I can't believe I finally managed to finish it!
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock tugs at his arms, urging him to move closer again, "John, please."
s.holmes@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk
“I simply tell all the facts, John,” Sherlock replies, sitting down next to him, glancing at Thomas. “Why don’t you come for lunch Saturday?”
It takes a moment for John to reply, surprised by the look of pure joy on the boy’s face, “Yes, I am.”
“I wish we had more time to feel it built,” Sherlock continues. “I know I’ve been wanting to kiss you for decades, but it’s been barely a day since I realised it was actually possible.” He sighs, staring into John’s eyes again. “I’ve never felt more nervous, not in any of the cases we’ve solved, and it’s scaring me, John.”
Just like if you had asked me to undress you and ravish every inch of your body. God, just thinking about it now is making me shiver with want. I’ve been trying to repress it all to a dark corner of my brain for so long now that letting it all out lately is overwhelming. You see, I had never let myself believe it could someday happen. That one day I could taste your skin and finally know.
Sherlock holds his breath.
"That a fantasy can't be trusted."
"No," John replies, shaking his head. "Remember, preparation."
Lestrade rolls his eyes, "It was his idea in the first place." He glances at John in the mirror, "I didn't realise you knew."
“That was stupid,” John replies. “Surely they would have realised at some point their shared feelings.”
“Sherlock,” John says, interrupting him. “You are doing more than fine for now.” He strokes his hand again, smiling. “As for all that’s yet to come, we can figure it out together as it comes. Does that sound alright with you?”
Enjoy !
out of there.
“Settled then?”
John releases the breath he was holding, laughing. “Am I that transparent?”
XX32: Don’t tell me it’s all just fine for you.
“Trying to deduce people now?” Sherlock smiled, not really knowing if it was because of John’s words or the tender kiss.
We’ve been told not to say too much, not to reveal anything too significant about our universe, but we both know we’ve never been good with rules. John made me promise not to give you all the details of our life, and to be honest with you, it would require too many letters anyway.
He looks up to find Sherlock staring at him.
not living up to the reality of it all. “John, I…” he gasps, suddenly on the verge of coming, and he feels John bring his head back up, eyes locked into his, wide and full of something so very warm that Sherlock’s hips buck into John a few more times, coming with John’s name on his lips. Reality crashes over him in a second, eyes widening in shame, “I’m sorry, I didn’t meant to- I really only planned on holding y- I don’t know wh-”
“Hm.”
Mrs Hudson is glaring at them from the front row. Mummy Holmes, Rosie on her lap, is smiling widely next to her. John casts them an apologetic smile and focuses back on the mayor. Sherlock reaches for his hand, lacing their fingers together just as they’re about to say their vows.
: 07:34 AM
“You called me
John hides his smile, looking down.
He should be used to this feeling by now.
“God, Sherlock, I…” John exhales loudly, moving as if to roll back to his side of the bed, and Sherlock closes one arm around his waist, keeping him where he is.
“Do you think it will takes us to France?” John asks once in the cab.
"Doesn't it make you mad?" Sherlock asks. "Knowing we could have had it all."
“Right,” he breathes, sliding his pajama bottoms off and removing his shirt much more slowly this time. He immediately seeks the warmth of the covers, and lies down completely next to John.
He can’t focus, can’t bring himself to discern what is John’s and what it his anymore.
Later that night, with Sherlock asleep in his arms and the sudden realisation of what day it is, John smiles and whispers into Sherlock’s dark curls, “I love you.”
Sherlock breathed in John’s scent one last time and began to stand up. Somehow John’s stare made him uncomfortable and he hurried up to the bathroom after taking a new pair of pant. He caught sight of himself in the mirror and notice the numerous places where John had sucked bruises onto his skin or planted his teeth. The mark would not fade for days, a constant reminder of John’s mouth and hands on his body. Shrugging off the bitter feeling, Sherlock turned on the water and thoroughly cleaned himself of all and any trace of sweat and come. He tried to imagine John next door, cleaning up the bed they had shared for a glorious moment. Sherlock kept his back to the door, not wanting to stare at it while stupidly hoping John would find the courage to join him and reverse the course of the evening.
“Are you sure?” John still asks, having shifted back closer but not moving.
“You do know we can forget about this, we can- “John stops as a series of honks in the street make them both jump in surprise, resulting in John’s thigh being pressed directly into his pelvis and Sherlock can’t do anything to prevent a rather loud moan from escaping his lips.
"Sorry, I'll shut up," John replies, unable to repress a laugh.
Sherlock finds himself closing his eyes, desperately trying to hold onto the memory and flexing his own fingers slowly. He needs more data, he realises, looking up sharply toward the house.
Sherlock whimpers, slowly coming to realise he’s had yet another dream full of John’s naked body pressed to his own, but this time with John right there when he wakes up. “John, I…” he begins but John shakes his head, breathing heavily.
He knows, John. The thoughts that were keeping my mind wide awake the first night you slept in the upstairs bedroom. He knows exactly what I was thinking about because he had lied there too, staring at the ceiling and running dozen of scenarios inside his head. But it appears that he dared to do what I couldn’t, and it changed everything.
As crazy as it sounds, it’s truly me, John Watson, writing this letter. I still can’t wrap my head around the concept to be honest, and just writing down these few words makes me feel like a complete idiot. What am I supposed to say anyway, since you can’t even reply? In a way, my Sherlock is handling this situation in a much better way than I am. He was the one who called me an idiot when I offered to contact the both of you, and now he’s constantly writing a new letter. But then he’s always been like this, passionate in everything he does, and isn’t it why we love him?
Breathing out deeply, he looks back at the empty hall down the stairs, considering going through Sherlock’s fridge already. Maybe he could find something else than leftovers and cook for the both of them, just like before. Surely Sherlock would enjoy that. Deciding it was at least worth a try, John climbs down the stairs to the kitchen, opening the cupboard quickly and laughing warmly at the sight of the empty shelf. “I should have known,” he smiles, shaking his head and peeking at the fridge for the said leftovers. “I guess a trip to the shop is inevitable.”
John can’t help but smile too. The first few instants of a new case always made them both feel a bit too happy, the promise of what’s yet to come more than exciting. If Sherlock usually didn’t cared to hide it, John had learned that showing too much excitement didn’t go well with their clients.
John turns around, “Sherlock, I… Thank you. I know it’s been a long time.”
Sherlock chuckles, John marveling at the sound for a long moment.
“Brilliant, I’d say,” John murmurs before closing the remaining distance between them and sealing their lips into a kiss Sherlock had almost began to feel desperate for. Eyes still wide open, he lets John press them just a bit closer, his lips warm and full against his, and Sherlock barely has the time to properly store the feeling away before John is pulling away. “Absolutely brilliant,” he whispers again and Sherlock isn’t sure what he’s talking about anymore, but it doesn’t matter because John is leaning in again and this time Sherlock’s eyes flutter closed as he melts into the touch.
“I have no trouble believing that.” John laughed before asking, “You can do that with everyone?”
But before he can gather up the courage to ask anything, John breathes, “Why don’t you get ready for bed, and I’ll make us some tea.”
Lestrade managed to only asked twice about John. I didn’t reply.
Timothy glances back at his friend, his face breaking into something much sadder, “I was drunk,” he says, almost too quietly. “I was drunk and you had talked about that girl all day, and I realise I couldn’t do this anymore.”
need you to answer.
"What were you doing with that man?" Sherlock interrupts him, his voice dangerously lower.
What about you? Are you alright?
How did he manage to let it slip through his fingers again? It’s been months since he decided to at least try to do something, anything, to see if there was even the slightest chance that John might understand what he feels. Might even share those feelings keeping Sherlock awake day and night. Obviously he had immediately thought that this Christmas would be the perfect opportunity. John loves Christmas, always has, and of course he would be in a good mood all evening. Sherlock would only have had to say something, sit closer, let one hand linger just a second longer, and he would have known.
"Yes," Sherlock breathes, "I couldn't sleep either. You were there again, in our home, and I had no idea what to do. I thought about joining you upstairs, even if I had no idea what I would do once I got there."
Apparently, yes.
Time to head back home comes too quickly, even after taken three extra patients. He sends a quick text to Sherlock explaining he’ll be late but doesn’t get a reply. Deciding some fresh air could only be good, John gets out of the bus two stops before Baker Street, walking the last few streets. The living room window is open when he stops in front of 221B, the sound of two distinct voices making its way outside.
Actually, I want to talk about that night, about Irene Adler and what she said. You know I heard it, and even though back then I wasn’t able to talk about it, I am now. The thing is, John, I’ve always known you were jealous. I deduced it the first week after you moved in. We had a client, a woman who clung onto me when we arrived at the crime scene. I remembered that I didn’t even get the time to make her leave me alone and you were already pushing her away, gently of course, and trying not to be too obvious, but I saw it immediately. And it kept on going, with clients, strangers or friends, you had this tendency to remain close to me, to make sure everyone in the room stayed away from me when you were there. And people did stay away. They saw it too, you made it clear with simple gestures that I, somehow, was yours. So yes, I’ve always known and there were times when I played with this fact. I wanted to make you jealous, wanted to see you step closer, lean closer, even make contact. In the end, I don’t think I was even subtle about it. Janine was… a lot. She played me as much as I played her, and when you came that morning, I think she saw right through you, and it felt like being on a stage, playing a couple, just for you. And that’s not good, I know it’s not good. I’m sorry, if reading this now makes you angry, I’m sorry. Truly, sorry.
Yes. I just realised
“More of us,” John breathes, glancing down at the distance between them, and Sherlock wonders if they’ll ever manage to cross these last few centimeters. “Of what we once were, and how we managed to let it crumble around us.”
Isn’t it what we’re doing
“You thought I didn’t enjoy kissing you?”
, just this. The closeness, the intimacy. John’s warm hands and his compact body pressed against mine. His lips, his lips, his lips.
“I would have no matter what,” John smiles. “Idiot.”
Leading the way, Sherlock goes over the details of the case one last time,  and John listens carefully. An old woman died in her bed a month ago, all doors and windows locked and yet the death had been noted as an homicide. The Police had tried to determine how she had been murdered for weeks, but when her children decided to ask for a second autopsy it was determined it was in fact a natural death. Still, Montgomery had kept the file and the second Sherlock had seen the picture of her bedroom, he had declared they needed to go.
