Wow. Uh... a lot to unpack here lol, but suffice it to say that this update is entirely thanks to the incredible folks who actually commented on this abandoned WIP — even/especially those brave souls who read it THIS YEAR (when it was last updated in 2017!!!). After four years, it's probably obvious to say that this isn't my best work, but I do think it's decent enough that it deserves an ending.
The indifferent sky says nothing. “I wish I coulda taken you out to a bar,” Dean offers. “Somethin’ like the Roadhouse. With a jukebox. I woulda played it for ya.”
“I think we haven’t had enough.” Cas’s hand on Dean’s forearm turns gripping, tight, forces Dean to look at him. “Answer me. What do you
Cas comes back around four in the afternoon and Dean feeds him two macarons before he can say a word. “Good, right?” Dean asks, and he settles even more when Cas gives him a gummy smile and two thumbs up.
“Not sure who the hell you are,” Dad says, with his goddamn 5906 in Brian’s face, and Dean screws the cap back onto his whiskey. “But far as I’m aware, my son’s supposed to be watching out for his little brother inside that motel room, so either you’ve got some kinda spell on him or he’s just forgotten what the hell the word
“Dean,” Cas breathes. Dean touches him, feels the weight of him, slides his hands up to his chest — Jesus, he got big. Cas leans in for a kiss and Dean gives it to him, sets his hands clenching and twitching on Cas’s wide and unconquerable shoulders. He can’t think on it too long but that’s okay because there’s nothing to think about, other than Cas’s hips over his, his rough thumb rolling against Dean’s cheekbones.
“Well, I.” She’s not as friendly as the other one, probably ‘cause she watched some kid get wasted by a pile of dust two nights ago. “I mean, I must’ve imagined it. But it really looked like he was… well, just swallowed right up by the storm.”
isn’t what they’re really talking about anyway. Dean breathes in shakily. “Well,” he croaks out. “Me, too, y’know.”
A knock at the window pulls them apart. Maria looks sheepishly at them through the window. Dean rolls it down, and Maria says hesitantly, “Sorry, you guys. But I think you dropped your wallet.” Dean takes Cas’s wallet through the window, and Maria waves goodbye while walking back into the store.
, the pastor or whatever starts, and Dean jerks in his chair, the feet scraping against the floor. Sam doesn’t say a word. Small mercies.
“We’ll figure it out,” Dean says, because for all it hurts right now, it’s— it’s a breakup. They’ll get through it, or they won’t, and Dean doesn’t have time to think about it right now, ‘cause Sam’s in front of him with his thumb over his palm and his knee bouncing restlessly. “Don’t apologize. Journaling was a good suggestion. Hell, maybe I really will start one.”
But then Cas kisses him again and Dean forgets all about it. It’s just Cas. Cas pulls him up by his shoulder the way he must’ve done all those years ago when he burned a handprint into Dean’s skin, and Dean maybe keeps kissing him longer than he should as they make their way to Dean’s room, pushing him into walls and letting Cas run his hand up the skin under Dean’s T-shirt.
Dean wants to be worth that smile. “Well, hell, Cas, if that’s all,” he jokes quietly, barely hearing himself. Just thinking about it. About where he is — out here on the plains where there’s nobody to look at him at all. Nobody to see the way his knees tremble on either side of Cas’s broad thighs, to see the way his head dips lower and lower, to see Cas tilt his chin up, to see Dean close his eyes.
And. Two hours ago. Cas’s mouth against his upper back, hands all over his chest, God, that’d been good. Cas breathing,
They stay there, crouched on the ground next to the passed out asshole, until his buddy walks out of the back door. Clearly he came through the bar, which— God, if Dean left Lindsay alone to deal with him— Dean stands up and starts, “You say anything to Lindsay—”
“Yes, my whole damn life. You think—” Dean rolls out from under the covers in a fit of something or other, chest heaving, makes it to the other side of the bed so he doesn’t have to look at Cas. To the empty space in front of him, he says, “Y’know what? I don’t have to listen to this—”
our decision, man,” Dean says. Christ, Cas’s got a martyr complex bigger than the state of Texas, like an asshole. Dean, meanwhile, has never been much for saints. The dead don’t give much of a shit about him either.
“Shit,” Dean breathes, because yeah. He can’t picture himself in sweats. The closest he can come is remembering what he’d wear to PE, or pajamas from when he was a kid. He’s never worn a sweatsuit in his life. “Okay, yeah.”
“Yeah?” Dean tries to make it good, slides a hand down from his shoulder to squeeze his hip, pull him in by the ass to get a rhythm going, strokes him faster. “You look good, too, baby.”
Dean sits in the passenger and Cas slides into the backseat like it’s normal, like they did every time they worked a case together. Dean looks at Sam the whole drive home just so he can keep Cas in his peripherals.
“Developed through extensive market research,” Dean cracks, because if he has to treat this seriously he might lose it entirely.
“Yeah.” Dean figures he oughtta let her go, so he says, “I appreciate this. Really. You… you take care now.” Jesus. He’s such a fucking dad.
The poem — because that’s what it is, that’s what Cas is reading, Dean catches a glimpse of the cover that reads POSTCOLONIAL LOVE POEM from where he’s lying — moves on, outward, and Dean’s throat bobs as his eardrum vibrates with the echo of Cas reading
He thinks, I let Gadreel inside you because Dad didn’t just put Azazel in your head, Sam, he put him in mine. He was watching you through my eyes and my voice and I told him everything. I told him you were doing good at school and itchin’ to get out and he must’ve known you were leaving us before I did and he still blamed me for it. I let him beat the feeling out of me at Flagstaff ‘cause it hurt less than when he wasn’t beating me ‘cause I thought you were dead too, kid. I thought you were dead too.
He jumps when someone knocks on the door. Fuck. Dean scrubs a hand over his face, tries to breathe in, can’t really hold it past the catch when he thinks too hard about—
“You are brutal,” Cas says, but he sounds so in love that Dean can’t rib him for it. “In the sense of brut. Raw concrete. Upright, and beautiful. Resilient.”
“Woah,” Lindsay says, as his head rolls to the side. She puts her fingers on his pulse point and says, “Least he’s still breathing.”
“Don’t do that.” Dean shuffles in closer, closer and closer, legs right in between Cas’s until they’re all tangled up like rope caught in a knot. “Finish what you were sayin’,” he whispers, practically into Cas’s mouth. “C’mon.”
Dean shutters his eyes down to Cas’s chest, away from his face. “Y’know what today is,” he says — asks — not sure, even, whether Cas would’ve figured it out, whether Cas has ever actually been around on the day of. Maybe he hasn’t.
“I know.” Cas puts a warm hand on his shoulder. “All I want is— for you to grow into the fullness of yourself. For you to be happy.”
“Yeah, yeah, I know, s’just.” He shrugs. Looks out into the night. Looks at his car, his home, and thinks — Claire will have four walls on solid legs. Claire will have the high of a good hunt followed by a home cooked meal out of Jody’s kitchen, and when she gets bored of that, she’ll have the research library at the bunker.
Pretty much the only thing about the whole Cas situation that doesn’t lead to a dumpster fire in Dean’s brain is the sex, which is the last thing Dean expected. Dean, it turns out, is bisexual. Which he probably shoulda figured out and gotten okay with before going and committing to fucking a man for the rest of his godforsaken life, but that woulda taken five billion years and he’s only got the next few decades with Cas, so. Time to speedrun it.
He doesn’t finish his sentence. Dean swallows. “What’re you talking about?” he asks, even though it’s obvious as all hell. They both know what he means. The cheek kisses, the touchy-feely in the kitchen, the
“We’re not together,” Dean croaks out eventually. He exhales. He drops the cables, and then puts his shaking hands under his armpits, and then sits down, right there on the floor, next to her TV, staring in front of himself blankly.
“Biology is elastic for us.” Lucifer is a power source, and nothing more. To suggest that Jack is like Lucifer would be to claim an oven is like water because it runs on hydroelectricity. “Sam, we are— do you remember what I said? Angels are wavelengths of celestial
“Sure. Just a sec. Just—” Claire tilts her head at him, and looks— fuck, she looks so much like him. Dean lets her study him, lets her look for something on his face. Finally, she says, “You and Cas.”
Mia pulls it back, though. She says, “That’s an incredibly difficult situation to be in. But know that it isn’t your fault Cas loves you. He made that decision to save you.”
“Maybe.” Dean looks into his tea. “Wasn’t very— I mean, I know my way around an engine, sure. But I wasn’t very book smart.”
Sam was the one who jumped into the Cage. He understands. He knows exactly what Cas is feeling right now. “Okay,” he says, but he says — because no one said it to him, when he jumped, when he put evil after evil inside of his body and let it turn him inside out — he says, “Come back, though. You’re not a burden to us. Come home when you’re done.”
The slap is perfect, filthy with Dean’s own spit and sharp, humiliating, like Dean’s a fucking animal, and it makes him— fuck—
Ha. Oh, fuck. “Pulled me out of a—” and hell, he thinks, Mia knows who he is, what he does. And no one’s gonna tell. He admits, “He pulled me outta Hell.”
“He asked questions in school, too,” Dean continues, as if he hadn’t said anything. As if he hadn’t ever been twenty-seven, grieving his twenty-three year old brother. Dean says, “He was— he was good at school, y’know. He got a full ride to Stanford.”
this with Cas, you still dance around it, Dean, Jesus Christ—” and Sam thinks of Jess on the ceiling, and cookies on the kitchen table, and every type of filth inside of him. “Get your head out of your ass, man. You have a chance. Take it.”
“Yeah, yeah, I hear you.” Dean hands Cas the last of the groceries — a bunch of spinach, which he’s forbidden Cas from discussing with Sam for fear of spending the next four decades slowly dying as Sam finds new and inventive ways of rephrasing
The thought comes sudden, straight into his brain like a message from God and Dean has had enough of those to last him ten lifetimes. “I know,” he says absently, mouth dry, thinking,
. That’s all Dean can think. He hunches over to peer at the tattoo through the clear plastic wrap. Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. And the second word Dean thinks about it is:
“Uh huh.” Dean noses up to his bare stomach, presses a kiss there, lets Cas take his hand. Their fingers are tangled, now, and that’s. “Lemme take care of you, huh? Lemme just—” and he releases Cas’s hand to pull his pants down, pull his boxers down, too. He’s never been good at talking in the moment, so he just— he kisses the inside of Cas’s thigh and revels in the jerk of his muscles, the look of Cas’s hands clenched in the sheets. “Good?”
“There is another seat somewhere around here,” Cas says, cracking open one eye to size him up. “You don’t have to stand there.”
Cas breathes in deep again, and Dean realizes that maybe he’s doing it ‘cause of the whole dust-in-his-lungs thing and not just sheer despair at Dean’s existence. He’s so fucking stupid. Dean risks putting a hand on his back, rubbing in a circle. “You okay?”
Sam parades around the bunker in his dumbass purple dog crop top (the crop top thing is fine, hell, Dean’s got his own tiny denim shorts for car washing and those are a lot more— well,
punching out of his throat. Cas pulls back, and then presses in, a little back-and-forth fuck that only highlights how fucking
. This is frankly humiliating, and besides, if Dean were to engage in spooning, he would definitely be the spooner, not the spoonee. Cas mumbles something behind him, pulls him in closer, and Dean softens.
Dean looks at him. Cas’s bare chest. Re-formed, made again from ashes. He was dead, and now he isn’t. “I was lookin’ for you, when I found you,” Dean says suddenly, mouth numb, and the smile drops off of Cas’s face. “I thought to myself—” and Dean can’t look at his face, just keeps looking at his chest, his belly, his hands. His bare hands. Splayed out on the ground. “I was runnin’ myself into nothing ‘cause you were dead. How could you be dead? How could you—”
.” He looks back to Dean, and then past him to Mary. “He chose me. For all intents and purposes, I am his father.”
“Yeah, shit, buddy,” he breathes recklessly, disbelievingly into Cas’s mouth, feeling the tips of his ears prickle with his blush as Cas circles the pad of his thumb around the pinna. It’s impossible. And yet, here it is: Dad’s gun out of sight, and Sam somewhere Dean can follow, and the crime section of their nowhere-town’s paper full of nothing but petty theft and vandalism. And Dean, saying: “I love you, too.”
Cas brings his hand up from Dean’s hip to the back of his neck to pull him in that half inch, as if Dean needs any convincing at all. Not here, not now. And they’re kissing. Dean thinks he might be sweet on Cas — might’ve been for a while, actually. Stupid as shit, that he hadn’t figured it out until just now, because now it’s everything in the world, Cas’s mouth and the warmth of his chest under Dean’s chest and his fingernails scratching gently in Dean’s hair.
“Well,” Mary says, clearing her throat, because she doesn’t want to look that one in the face. She doesn’t want to see it at all. “What about the nephilim? I know we’ve been talking around the idea of them being related, but maybe we should look into it more closely.”
I know you’re worried about Jack. We’ve all fucked up with Jack. I’m gonna go out on a limb here and say that there isn’t a parenting manual out there for two brothers raising a three year old in a twenty year old’s body. Just a thought. Okay, maybe every parent thinks their situation is unique but I mean, we’re really unique. And I miss Cas too, and I know it’s something different for you. I can’t imagine what you’re going through, looking at Jack with Cas gone, but I’m here. You’re not alone. Anyway, you add all that to the Chuck mess and yeah, you’re bound to have some fuck-ups, and that’s okay.
. Dean shoves his shaking hands into his pockets ‘cause he won’t make ‘em into fists, not now. “You wanna— you wanna get dead so bad? Be my fucking guest. I don’t give a shit.”
Jesus. Dean looks around. Jack’s in his room, probably, bingeing shitty Netflix shows just like his dad. “When I look at ‘im,” he starts, and he finds he can’t really finish his sentence.
Maybe that was too much. But, really, Castiel seems like a nice guy, and it’s not like Mary’s never met a gay person before, both pre- and post-resurrection. Admittedly, the pre-resurrection gay representation was the one lesbian at her high school, but she was lovely! And very good at throwing knives.
“Sure thing, kid.” Bobby grins. “Now gimme my sewing needle back. Don’t put that crap in your ears.”
“S’just that he was— he was fuckin’ dead, Sammy,” he croaks out, feeling half-dead himself. “He was dead.”
“You’re doing perfectly,” Cas says, and leans over to kiss him, tongue inside him and messy and wet the way Dean feels all over. His hand shifts and Dean knows his brows are drawing together because it is, it’s the most shocking thing he’s ever felt— not the act itself, not like fisting is completely beyond the pale for him, conceptually speaking, but just, the sensation of it. The fullness of it. It’s the least lonely Dean’s ever felt.
“You doin’ all right there?” Claire eyes him. Dean looks at the tongs in his hand. He’s gripping ‘em like they’re his last lifeline and he’s scaling the Empire State.
Mia chuckles. “Yeah, I moved to a new state, but I’m doing all right. I’ve actually been getting quite a few hunter referrals, which is a new set of clientele for me.”
“God, yeah—” Dean says, as Cas pinches his nipple, thumbs across it and fuck it hurts, it’s so sensitive it hurts so fucking bad but it’s good, too.
“Thanks,” Dean croaks out, and then he drops his head, winded. Donnie rubs a slow circle in the center of Dean’s upper back, and Dean shakes. “Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Thanks, man.”
“You don’t have to go.” Cas leans over him to put the book on his side table — hot, over him, his body like a curtain over Dean’s, and he’s— his hand through it all perfectly weighted on Dean’s neck, perfectly in control, like he doesn’t even need to think about it. Dean inhales sharp as Cas pulls back and then slides down the bed to rest his head on the pillow next to Dean.
“No, okay, back up. You… you what, pretended to be in love with him? Why the hell would you do that, Dean?”
It’s strange to think about her. Somehow the way she’d looked at him yesterday is more life-changing than even her resurrection. She apologized to him. She apologized to him and Dean realized — it wasn’t her. He didn’t want an apology from her. And anyway, if he’s gonna start collecting apologies then he’s gotta start dolin’ em out too, and he can’t. If he goes down that route, he won’t be able to say anything without a
“Y—yeah,” Dean rasps, the— the sensation of it, Cas stretching out his rim as he, as he. It’s so big, the feeling in him. He can feel tears starting up and this is the
Eventually, mostly because she can’t take the sound of styrofoam pellets scratching against the cardboard TV box, she asks, “You want some tea?”
“Look.” Sam swallows. He says, “I mean. I— you always.” Dean watches him clench his jaw, watches him think long and hard about what he wants to say. “With Dad. When— when— when we were growing up, and you’d gimme. Gimme the last— the last bowl of cereal, or.” Sam exhales through his nose. “I’m trying— I’m trying to, to say that it— it— it makes sense, that you might not really— that you wouldn’t be used to thinking about what you want.”
“Fuck,” Sam gasps, and then curls right over, hands on his knees as he puts his head down. “Fuck, God, shit, fucking— goddamn— son of a
“Thought you weren’t falling asleep in front of the TV anymore,” Sam says, pushing Dean halfway off the couch so he can sit. Sometimes Dean forgets how goddamn large his kid brother got until he’ll just take up half a couch, all on his lonesome.
Dean leans in, forehead-to-forehead. Breathes him in, close — like this, all he can see are Cas’s eyes. “You make me happy,” Dean whispers, and even though it would be okay if Cas kept on — Dean knows how to take a compliment these days — it’s infinitely more of an emergency that they’re not kissing right now. So he closes the distance, and kisses him. Warm, always, it’s always honey-soft when they kiss for the first time in a while no matter how mad they are — oh God, his mouth. Cas’s teeth bite his lip— gentle-like, so gentle— Dean shivers as Cas’s mouth heats him up and brings him home.
Nothing wrong with being someone folks can rely on, though. He listens for it, but that bird doesn’t interrupt, so he says, “I’m trying,” quietly and firmly. He mostly says it for himself, so he can hear it out in the air. He’s trying. No one has to follow him into battle — he’s just plugging numbers into a computer and answering panicked phone calls from young folk who’ve already lost more than their fair share. That’s all he’s doing. And that’s all right.
When Dean is fourteen, Dad marches into a motel room and shoots a shtriga feeding on Sam. Dean pokes his head around the doorway after the fact and Dad looks at him and hates him. And Sam is alive. Dad’s shotgun aims casually at Dean from where it was set on the floor by Dad’s uncautious, desperate, terrified hands. And Sam is alive. And Dean thinks—
“What? Might not be good? Might be dangerous?” Castiel turns to look at him. “How many of our allies have been harmless at first meeting? Did you trust me when we first met?”
“Uh huh,” Dean says to the waitress pouring them their eighth collective cup of coffee. “You saw it yourself?”
This is what he should tell the kids about, instead of bullshit about how to load a gun (yikes) or what to do if your codependent relationship with your brother leads you to kill your undead not-boyfriend (oops) or how to avoid arrest while still causing maximum disturbance for the local cops (okay, that’s still useful). He should tell them about this. The fact that you really can get it right — and you can get it wrong, catastrophically wrong, and still, afterwards, get it right, through some inexplicable but genuine stroke of luck and faith. Like the peak of a mountain, you’ll look around and suddenly, instantly, irreversibly, you’ll be able to see the acres and acres of life that you couldn’t see before ‘cause you were still climbing your way up and had your nose to the cliff face the whole goddamn time.
“No, it’s not stupid, it’s just… it’s just a thing. A thing to work through. You think I don’t get that way sometimes, ‘bout Eileen?” Dean looks up at his brother, six foot four and hunched over for it, like he’s apologizing already for taking up too much space. “You ever think about therapy?”
Cas doesn’t disappoint. He runs his free hand up Dean’s side, and then back down to his hip, that favorite anchor point of his, and he says, “You’ve taken almost my whole hand.”
Dean thinks of all those mirrors, thinks of killing his black-eyed self and seeing Cas’s bloodied face in that hotel room mirror and remembers, vaguely, exploring the structure of his cheekbones when he’d lost his memories. Every time — every time was just as bad as the other. “You know how many times I put— the number of bars I went to, rolled my sleeves up so girls would see my forearms? You know how many times I’ve done that?”
“So.” He hears a pen click. Maybe she’s taking notes. “The way this usually works is, I like to ask a few questions, get to know you. But we’ve met already, and I get the sense that you might be calling about something in particular. Is that accurate?”
“Shit,” Dean says. He can’t fix it— he can’t feed this whole hungry, empty nation, he can’t undo the hurt he did when he put Gadreel in his brother and sent Cas out with nothing, but he can do this. He can make a home. “Shit, Cas. You—” He closes the book in Cas’s hands. “You always have a home with us. I’m never doing that to you again.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean says, and then as Cas pulls back to let him take his overshirt off, he asks, “You wanna— you wanna go to my room?”
there, he thinks, and then he thinks— why the hell does that matter? He says, “I— that’s none of your goddamn business.”
Suddenly, Dean can see the shape of it. He has to ask Cas to stay. Cas can’t say yes if he doesn’t ask.
“Yeah, ‘course, man.” Dean hovers awkwardly in the doorway until Cas nods at the bed, and Dean perches on the end, a foot away from Cas’s bare feet poking out from the ends of his sweatpants.
The asshole slumps over the bar, leering in her direction, and Dean makes his way towards them. Asshole says, “What, you don’t want me?” and Lindsay says, “Even if I was into men I wouldn’t be into you,” and Asshole says, “You a fuckin’ dyke—” and Dean slams his head into the countertop.
Dean thinks about it. Even outside of Cas. If Cas went— but he doesn’t have to think about that. He thinks about all the other people in his life. He thinks about Jody and Donna inviting him up to grill burgers in their backyard during the one month a year that Sioux Falls has acceptable summer weather. He thinks about the kid at the gas station in Lebanon who doesn’t know Dean at all, doesn’t even know his name, but knows he’s the guy who’ll lift ice bag deliveries into the freezer when they’re too big for one scrawny seventeen year old.
“Okay,” Dean says, leaning in, anxious and sick and in love and nervous over it all, nothing perfect or scripted to speak of. Just him, and Cas, and the TV rolling the postproduction team in the background. “Yeah.”
) of Lebanon, although the damn kids keep showing up at his place of work to bother him for reasons he can’t really fathom. He doesn’t know anything about being, uh, bisexual, let alone the other stuff, and most days he feels pretty hard up in the romance department, in the sense that him and Cas could probably argue their way straight through the eye of a needle while camels and rich men died trying.
Dean catches Cas’s eye on accident as his hand slips down to his own throat, just resting there, and Cas looks straight through him and presses up against his— his prostate, must be, and Dean comes, silent, feeling it through his toes and his spine and his mouth, all the good shivers at every nerve. “Ah,” he breathes, gasps, quiet-like, and then groans loud as his voice comes back. “Fuck. Fuck. Oh, God.”
Dean closes his eyes. All he can feel is Cas’s weight a foot away from him. “What’d you, uh. What’d you think. When you raised me from Hell.”
But he is. Cas said the things he said, and Dean knows when he’s been given a true chance, a real chance. A chance to do things right. And whatever else he is, Dean’s not ungrateful.
“You really—” Dean wipes a hand over his closed eyes, and then opens them. Mary hadn’t even registered that he was crying; all she could see was the trembling in his shoulders and the absence of her baby’s face. He looks so much more like himself when he smiles. “Jesus Christ, Mom.”
But Cas nods like he gets it, which maybe he does. Cas knows Dean better than he knows maybe anything in this world. “Wait here.”
Cas’s hand comes up and over, suddenly — but gentle, always gentle with him — to rest on Dean’s belly. It’s a soft weight through his shirt. “Cas?”
Cas tilts his head. He looks like he did in that barn, sparks flying and a holy feeling in Dean’s chest that he’s never felt before or since. It was terror, in the Biblical sense, the fear of God that makes all the convent girls cream themselves and the priests shake in ecstasy. He’s worried that Cas won’t get it— that he’ll have to spell it out, in human words.
thinking of it, Cas’s knees unbearably close to knocking against Dean’s, the heat of his thighs a dangerous temptation.
“If you already had all this info, kid, you didn’t need to send me on a goose chase after everything alcohol-related,” Dean says. He’s joking, but Jack doesn’t laugh. Tensing, Dean adds, “Uh. Never mind.”
Castiel looks at the patch of ground. Mary is strong and confident; she could have been a dancer in another life, he thinks. She would not have stumbled over nothing. The ground is bare, but he can see a depression where a rock might have once been. Where, perhaps, a rock tripped Mary Winchester, and then was moved.
“Unbelievable,” Dean says. He tilts his foot, so that his toes touch her knee. They look at each other, and something between them is resolved. They look at each other, and they are both of them enough.
Cas walks in, opens the fridge door. Leans over and peers into it like it’ll have something different in it from the last three times he looked. Dean’s heart thumps. Cas is human now, and he’s— he’s in a sweater and shorts, those jersey shorts that come up just above the knee, and he’s squinting at the fridge like he’s looking for God.
Fuck, that’s selfish. But it’s true. I want to be dead before Cas goes and if this universe has anything of its own in it outside of Chuck then that’s coming sooner than not. Fine by me. I’ve been alive two decades too long far as I’m concerned, but Cas hasn’t really lived yet. He doesn’t know what he likes. He doesn’t have a favorite sweater yet. He doesn’t know if he likes karaoke. He doesn’t have a comfort TV show — but I guess the entirety of television is his comfort zone. Still. You gotta give him a chance to figure it out.
“I make ‘em,” Dean says, “or, well. M’brother, sometimes. My—” and it comes out so fast, and Dean doesn’t— he doesn’t even want to stop it, lets himself say, “—late husband was never big in the kitchen either.”
He’d flicked a look up to the mirror again after that. Cas had been looking out the window, a frown on his face even as he was nodding, and Dean remembers thinking:
Suddenly, Cas hits— it’s a good spot, and Dean shivers, full-body, puts his hand on his own jaw ‘cause he needs to feel something else, and Cas says, “You are the most beautiful man I’ve ever seen, in all my millennia of existence.”
“I want to slap your face,” Cas says, all in a rush, looking into Dean’s eyes— no, looking just to the side of them, to the ridge of Dean’s cheek.
Sam shrugs. “I dunno. I— I was twenty-four when you came and got me. And you started younger than that.” Before Dean can say anything, Sam adds, “And that was wrong. We shouldn’t encourage it. But I’m saying, there are other people. It’s not just us. We’re allowed to have— have lives, now. We can afford it.”
“No, no, I’m—” Bobby laughs. “I’m sayin’ people called me a girl growin’ up. Got my tits chopped off n’everything.”
“No,” Castiel says, “no, no, you won’t.” He turns back, and Jack is closer, now. Mary and Sam seem defensive, but no weapons are drawn, and so Castiel turns back to Dean. “I won’t leave you. But you need to trust me.”
“That’s not. I mean.” Dean knows his face is red, but fuck, he’s here, isn’t he, talking about his goddamn relationship problems with Sam. Quietly, he admits: “I
“Yes,” Cas says, thank fuck, and kisses him, right there, hands on his shoulders. He’s so warm, chest to chest, how could he be anything but alive? “I’m here—”
Sam, Dean, Cas, and Mary crowd around her kitchen island, a few days after they all get back to Kansas. Sam looks around at them. They are definitely, undoubtedly, too big to fit, but she still doesn’t have a table in her living room, and Dean’s knees are too old to manage sitting on the floor.
“I mean, I like the… the sex, and when we watch movies together.” He sounds like a teenager, good God. This is embarrassing.
. Maybe he’s entitled, or just getting old, but he’s pretty sure he’s more useful on the bunker computers than killing his knees climbing rusted out manhole ladders.
Easy. Yeah. “‘Kay,” Dean says, and he raps his knuckles against the table. He leaves the parenting audit behind, too. “Thanks, Sammy.”
“Man, you’re—” Sam softens his voice, lowers it. Tries to be gentle. He gets it. “You need to hear it again? ‘Cause I’ll tell you, as often as you want. I do need you, man. We need you.” Cas turns around at that, but doesn’t disagree. He just looks at Sam, hip propped up against the kitchen counter, chewing his egg slowly.
“The way you’re— Dean.” Cas reaches over to his face and Dean’s eyes float down to half mast, Dean’s body leans into it as Cas’s palm cradles his cheek. “What you’re describing? That’s what it feels like.”
“What, I ain’t allowed to take a break?” Dean grumbles. “Not exactly headin’ the fire brigade over there, man. You’re holdin’ down the fort just fine.”
“He’s right that he’s better equipped than we are,” Sam replies. “And I— I dunno. I think he appreciates that we trust him.”
But he’s said it since. Dean shouldn’t remember that as the big one, just because it was the first time. The first time he meant it that way, even, since he said it before, said
Sam rubs a hand on his back. “I— I dunno how to help, man, I’m sorry.” He asks, “Have you— I could send you Mia’s contact info, or.”
“Yeah, go for it.” Dean sits up just enough to pull his own shirt off, and then sprawls back as Cas pulls his jeans down, kneeling at the side of the bed to pull them off his ankles. “Cas—”
“Shit. Understatement, buddy,” he snorts, and Cas smiles, too. Dean realizes he should get outta the habit of saying buddy. Start saying—
There isn’t anything real inside of Dean, not anymore, but he’s good at putting on a show. He could make Cas so happy. He’d be so good at it. Isn’t that enough?
Mary looks at him, having a panic attack in her living room. “Do you want me to shut up and let you recover?”
Dean leans in, tilts his forehead against Cas’s, reaches up to touch him, put his hands on his shoulders. “Can you,” Dean asks into the air between them, knowing he can’t, “can you promise you’ll never leave?”
“Yeah— yes, yes,” Cas says, and Dean puts his mouth on his dick and Cas sighs, extravagantly, looking down at him. “Dean.”
, Dean tenses a little just at the sound of it, knows he’s harder in Cas’s hand now — and then there are two fingertips pressing at his asshole, filling him.
“Same old,” Dean says, because as far as she knows they’ve had their shit together since Cas got out of the Empty.
But it’s like the plants can’t help it, growing to him. Like Cas just stretches a hand out and they want it, want him, want to be the fullest versions of themselves. They want to survive the night so they can hear Cas, in the morning, crouching next to them and saying in his deep and serious rasp, “Hello, babies.”
Dean cants his eyes left. Like always, his gaze catches on all the parts of him, on Cas’s jawline, his inevitable stubble, that quietly noble profile of his. He swallows.
like it was easy as that, like Dad wouldn’t throw a shitfit— or maybe it’s cause this is the first time Sam’s had three consecutive full nights of sleep since the last time they were at Bobby’s. Whatever it is, it hits Sam hard in the chest, and she just.
Dean leans back, blinks up at the ceiling. “Christ.” He relaxes into it, tries to let Cas push further, and Cas does— he pushes in, and then suddenly, it becomes easier. Suddenly, Cas’s whole hand is inside him, one great point of sensory ecstasy— and Cas’s free hand thumbs along Dean’s rim where it’s stretched out around his wrist, and Dean’s legs shake, his toes curl as he crooks his neck up to watch Cas watching himself fuck into Dean.
“Okay,” Dean says, already excited over it, his knees trembling. Cas’s fingers are still inside him and they’re not fucking
Dean swallows. This whole day, he didn’t want to tell Sam. He kind of — hell, he doesn’t know what he expected. Maybe that Sam just… wouldn’t notice. That was stupid.
He could never explain it to anyone else, but if he were ever inclined to think about his own self, now, in his human mind, he’d lean on metaphor. He’d say: I was once a facet of a holy diamond, and I was its reflection, and I was the fullness of the stone. Or he might say: I was the white cap on a river rapid at dusk, just as I was the mossy stone under it at sunrise. Now, of course, he’s “Dad.” He chose to be a father. While Claire lands their third consecutive strike, Castiel looks at his broad hands, swallows and feels the motion of his Adam’s apple. He’s loath to take pride in Jimmy’s form, but he’s grateful to have fallen in a vessel which matches him so perfectly.
Eventually, as the air between them and under the sheets starts to cool, Cas flops over onto his back, next to Dean, and Dean apologizes in his head to whoever’s gonna have to change these sheets as he uses them to wipe his stomach off.
“And I promise I won’t tell anybody ‘bout you neither, if you ain’t ready.” Bobby takes her by the shoulders and looks her in the eyes. He says, “Now, if you want me to, I will. I’ll stand up for you. But it could— I want you to know that might be hard. Half my identification papers are false, y’understand? I know you been studyin’ for your SATs. Might be easier for you to strike out on your own than for me to try’n get you out from under your dad’s thumb.”
Mary’s new apartment is nice. It’s a second floor walkup behind the Lebanon thrift shop — the kind of place she never got a chance to live in, going straight from her childhood home to the house with John.
Dean breathes in. It always smells so strongly of grass and fresh soil out here in the summer, something about the sun resurrecting all the bugs and leaves and flowers that hunker down in the winter. Cas is human now, or close enough, but he still— some days, less often as time goes by, he’ll flinch from his usual morning omelette, more molecules than food. Dean wonders what he senses out here. If he can hear the bugs rustling in the grass, the hawks killing bunnies miles away. If it’s too much or not enough, being what Cas is.
“Well, I.” Dean exhales. “Okay. Okay. I want ‘im here. And I want—” He flushes, and tries to keep it PG for Sam’s sake. “I mean, I want what we— we did together. I liked that.” And so he asks: “You think that’s enough?”
When he looks to his right, Cas is there, just a few feet from the passenger seat window, back turned to the Impala. Gazing up at the sky. If Dean looks too long, too close, he notices Cas’s shoulders shaking, sees the tremble in his jawline; he doesn’t want to see that. So he looks back out in front of him, where he should’ve kept his eyes in the first place. He shouldn’t have been so greedy.
Dean remembers they drove to the barn where Cas first touched down in Jimmy’s vessel, ‘cause Sam said something about a site of close connection even though he couldn’t— he couldn’t have known what Cas said, Dean hadn’t said a word. But they went to the barn.
“I could stay here for hours,” Cas whispers, hands gripping Dean’s body tight as if Dean is going anywhere. Like hell he is. He could stay here for hours, too. Cas steps back and Dean leans forward, blinking, like a plant to the sun, unsteady on his feet. He sees Cas’s mouth twitch up. “Look at you. You—
Cas nods. “You said. You said all you— all you wanted was me.” Cas reaches up, thumbs across Dean’s hairline, his temple, palm warm against his cheekbone. “I remember your exact words. You couldn’t know this, but in the Empty, the only thing you can see is— it’s just a void. It’s nothing. And into nothing,
“Eileen’s gonna love it,” Dean says, pretty certain he’s right, and Sam’s face lights up. “Aw, lookit you an’ your crush.”
“Cas is coming back,” Sam says quietly, and Dean looks away. “I’m saying— I’m saying it, it doesn’t have to be all on our shoulders. What about Jody and the girls up in Sioux Falls, huh? They can handle stuff like this.”
, Cas has agency, blah blah blah, Dean couldn’t give less of a shit. Dean is a rotten and angry corpse clenching his fists tighter and tighter around the broken shreds of his family. He’s never gonna grow out of overstepping his bounds. “We couldn’t do a damn thing to help Cas up in Heaven, and you know it.”
, Cas,” he whispers once he gets his voice back, looking down at Cas, pressed up into him as deep as he can be with his hand tight around Dean’s dick. Cas looks up at him, and Dean begs, like a fucking idiot who doesn’t want a handjob, “Please slap me—” and Cas takes his hand off Dean’s dick and backhands him across the face and Dean presses himself down into the mattress for the sheer pleasure of it.
“My hand is cold,” Cas says. Dean turns to look at him and there’s Cas looking back. Always looking back at each other, the two of them are. Orpheus and Lot’s wife and all the rest of them have nothing on Dean and Cas.
Dean kisses him for that, and then kisses his chin. And then he— he kisses the underside of Cas’s jaw, feels him shiver under him, wriggles one hand between Cas’s body and the bed so his hands can meet at his back. “I want you for you,” he says, holding him. “That shit I was sayin’ about your grace— I’m sorry. I’m sorry, man. That was my worry. I’m tellin’ you now— I don’t care if you’re useful. I don’t want you useful. I want you here. You understand me?” Dean pulls back to look Cas in the eyes. “All I want is to have you here.”
Jesus. He shuts his eyes and lets it break over him, the grief of it. I’m so in love with you, he thinks. How could you not know? Every day I wake up thinking there’s something wrong with me, like my heart stopped in the middle of the night or my legs have gone missing, but it’s you. That’s just what it feels like, living without you.
“What if he starts disappearing things bigger than rocks?” Sam ventures, which, Castiel supposes, is a reasonable enough concern.
“What, you want me to braid your hair?” Dean asks, but he’s standing up, ‘cause hell if it doesn’t sound good to not be alone right now. Sam quirks a smile, and Dean nods.
“I don’t wanna hear about it, ‘cause I hate that it happened to you,” Dean says carefully, thinking of the look in Sam’s eyes and the slump of his shoulders when he’d walked into that apocalypse world camp with Lucifer hot on his tail. He thinks of Sam curled up in the backseat, dead-eyed, after they got him out of that basement in Missouri, where they’d left Toni alive. He thinks about Gadreel. He hadn’t figured it out, before, but now he knows. He remembers Abaddon’s hands on his bare chest threatening to blow out his anti-possession tat and he knows now the truth of what he did to his brother. “But I’ll listen. I really will.”
Castiel can feel Dean by his right hand. Sam is controlled, but not tense, on his other side. And Mary, on the other side of Dean, tries, a hesitant smile in her voice: “Hi, Jack. It’s nice to meet you.”
“I miss many things about being an angel,” Cas continues, and Dean’s heart clenches. “But… I’m happier now. It’s— I didn’t even know to be happy. I couldn’t have told you what it was to feel pleased or displeased by one thing or another. It’s impossible to overstate the vastness of your influence on me, Dean.”
All the air goes out of Dean’s chest. Like he just forgot how to breathe. The only thing Dean knows how to do is look at him. He can’t see him on the ground like this without seeing his wings, without seeing Lucifer’s knife in his back. Six months ago Cas had looked at him and said
Dean slides into the backseat before Mom has a chance to reply. Good. Sam turns back to the bank they’re supposed to be surveilling.
“If he’s a threat, take him out,” Dean says. Cas glares, and he says, “What? Only if he’s a threat. I ain’t—” He eyes each of them, and says, “All three of you have died on me before. So excuse me if I’m not inclined to give the kid the benefit of the doubt.”
Dad finally puts the gun down, tucks it back into his waistband, and Dean exhales. “Your friend’s gonna get himself killed one day,” he says, walking into the motel room, and Dean tries not to hear a threat in it. It’s a statement of fact, is all. Brian — the way he is, the things he said — sad as it is, Dean wouldn’t be surprised if he ended up in the crime section of this nowhere-town’s paper three months from now. Dad’s just pointing it out. Dad’s just saying, if you don’t get it together, you’re gonna leave Sam behind in just the same way.
“I—” Sam rolls his eyes, even though Dean can’t see it. “Okay, I get it, there’s nothing that urgent on our plate. But yeah, actually, we should probably follow up with that case.”
“Don’t leave,” Dean says, and Cas turns back to him and finally meets his eyes and there— there— blue as anything, Christ, Dean almost died and Sam is still swearing under his breath and Cas is alive. Cas is alive. “Shit, man, you just— stay, stay awhile, dude.”
“S’fine,” Dean grits out. He finally looks up, meets Cas’s eyes. How long, this time? How long are you stickin’ around? The only thing Dean’s good for is inviting evil into his brother’s skin and getting the people he cares about dead and gone. Sometimes, if he plays his cards right and doesn’t drink too much before noon, he has the wherewithal to make his first home clean and shiny. But the Impala’s no good to Mary, and the bunker’s even worse. Dean will never be a home people want to stay in.
“Well that’s the whole fucking reason we’re even—” Don’t say it, don’t fucking say it, Winchester, “—doing this,
it still wasn’t enough— Dean wasn’t enough— imagine, Dean thinking he could keep someone around without the heavy weight of blood between them. Dean puts his head down alone in that hallway and looks at his knobbly knees and wonders if he would’ve had more luck if he’d been twenty and kept his mouth open more and said a little less. That’s what he’s for, right, that’s what— he’s not supposed to
He stands up, and he walks around the table to Dean’s side of it, and he puts his hand next to Dean’s. Their hands are right there, next to each other on the table. They’d be touching if Dean could only make himself move. Standing over him, Cas asks, “Were you worried about me?”
Cas doesn’t say anything else, though, so Dean— Dean risks it. He thumbs slowly across the small dip in Cas’s wrist, feels Cas’s skin prickle under his touch. He slides his hand up Cas’s forearm, reaches his elbow.
“Wanna go for a drive?” he asks, rough with nerves. If Cas says no then this might be it. He might’ve blown past his last chances ten miles back, not even realizing he’s outta gas ‘til he’s halfway through puttering out.
“There’s a holiness in it,” Cas continues, looking up to survey his garden like Dean didn’t even say a word, which is probably for the best. “The truth of it in me. That I was nothing, as an angel, and then when I fell I became… or, perhaps, to say it better: I came to know myself as a gay man.”
Cas smiles, though, a little pleased, quiet and content. “I know Sam wanted to preserve some fresh basil for his spellwork,” Cas says, and Dean thinks,
She listens closely as Castiel continues, “Many angels have been— changed. To align with Heaven’s plan. It’s hard for me to say whether any of them might’ve had gender, once.” Was he a man before he met Dean Winchester? It’s hard to say. “It’s difficult to map human concepts onto angelic creatures, too. We have names, and for us, names are more than they are for humans — and they’re many things for humans already.” Castiel turns that one over, and realizes, “I suppose our names might also be our genders.”
Mary concedes that point, but Cas doesn’t. “The angels want him,” he says. “They want him to fix the mess I made in Heaven. We need to get to him first, to protect him from their influence.”
Dean flexes his fingers. He wants— ”I’m just—” and he does it, he puts his hands on Cas’s head, clenches his hair between his fingertips as Cas goes to fucking town on the skin under his jawbone. The first scrape of Cas’s teeth is a shot of adrenaline, God he’s so— so close, so
“I get it, but Cas—” Dean turns him bodily, forces him to look at him. Castiel sees his face and he thinks, you’ll love him so much. I know you will. You just have to see him the way I see him. “Hey. Come on. I don’t wanna— I don’t wanna lose you.”
“Look,” she says. Dean’s shoulders tense. “I’m bad at— at being subtle, or waiting for you to bring it up, so I’m just gonna say it. If you and Castiel are—”
“No,” Dean says. And then, ‘cause it’s on his mind, “That’s— you’re givin’ me Famine flashbacks, man.”
“Cool,” Sam says. He stands up suddenly, and says, “I’m— heading to bed. You, uh. You sleepin’ down here?”
“Pray for queer men?” Cas’s brow furrows. “Dean, men — people — of all genders and sexualities have been involved in religion since… since time immemorial.”
Sam says, “You got a second chance here,” and Dean knows it. He knows it ‘cause he blew it. He remembers that time— that first time, when Sam had crumpled over in Cold Oak with his spine cut in half and Dean had thought,
Cas goes, easy for him, and Dean looks at him sprawled there, with his thin sweatpants and his bare toes. Fuck. He goes to his knees ‘cause— ‘cause— ‘cause what else is there to do, when you have someone lookin’ at you like that. “Cas,” Dean whispers, puts his hands on Cas’s knees.
Castiel was a creature of Heaven and then he put his grace inside of Dean’s rotting soul in Hell and now he’s a— a gay man sitting in an amateur greenhouse in Kansas.
Cas laughs. “All right,” he says, and drops it right there on the ground. Dean pushes at his suit jacket, so Cas pulls that off, too, and then Dean starts in on the tie and his hands are shaking too hard to take off his shirt so Cas does that for him, too.
“I don’t wanna be a man,” Dean admits, feeling it curl in his chest. But he is a man. Look at him, his fucking— at least when he was younger it was cute for him to dress up like a girl, coulda been sexy if anyone around was into it, but
And Dean saw the twitch of his mouth. Cas heard him, even if he won’t reply. “Baby,” Dean says, comin’ on over, “honey bunches, sweetie pie—” and he puts his head on Cas’s shoulder and wraps his arms around his chest, “—my darlin’.”
just accept flowers from a man, Jesus fucking Christ — and lets Cas open and close the fridge door at will, while Dean goes to bang his head against the wall in the comfort of his own bedroom.
Dean knocks on Cas’s door. Two in the afternoon, although you wouldn’t know it to look around, seein’ as the bunker’s bright and buzzing 24/7.
Dean exhales. He realizes that his teeth are hurting from how he’s clenching them. “Okay,” he says. “Yeah. Me too.”
Eventually, after maybe ten minutes straight on 36, Dean tries. He says, throat clacking through the dryness, “M’sorry ‘bout what I said in Nebraska.”
Dean remembers— Dean remembers the way Sam had been, after Gadreel. After it was all over. Dean had walked into the library once, a few weeks after Kevin, and there Sam was, curled into a chair with a half empty bottle of vodka in front of him, hands over his stomach, staring out at nothing. Dean would bet money that Sam doesn’t remember it at all, but Dean— Dean can still see it, sometimes. He’d put his hand on Sam’s shoulder and Sam had slurred, eyes blank,
They split up, stay a respectable foot apart when they go to buy their books from the person with MARIA on their nametag at the front desk, and Dean carries the bag back into the Impala.
“Oh God, don’t call it that,” Dean sighs. “And, I dunno. Like, when I thought you were— and Cas said some stuff, and I was totally hopeless.”
Wellington, Kansas, is far behind him as Dean makes his way south. Even clipping down at eighty miles an hour, the air coming in from his windows is hot and sticky. He’d slept over in Blackwell the night before, crossing the state line into Oklahoma just in case someone found the crispy remains of that ghoul before they rotted into the ground. He’d tried watching pay per view porn and changed the channel before the free preview was done, disgusted mostly with himself and a little bit with the scratchy comforter that hundreds of men his age had probably jerked off on before him. His thumb had hovered over Sam’s name on his phone, and then he’d turned off the damn thing and gone out to get uproariously drunk.
Cas, of course, knows what he wants. He leans down to kiss Dean’s chest, just to the side of his nipple, and then— and then he catches Dean’s nipple in his teeth, licking at it, messy and brutal and Dean shakes, hand coming up to grip Cas’s hair, leg curled around his hips. “Fuck— fuck—”
Cas slips his fingers out without much to-do, and strokes Dean through it until Dean finally has to push his hand away. “Cas, holy shit,” he mutters, exhausted. His breath catches for a second as he feels it again, an aftershock through his chest. He can’t move his fucking hands.
“Observant,” Dean mutters, and he tosses back another gulp. Beer, tonight, at least. He figured the hard liquor would just make him sadder than usual.
“I don’t— I’m sorry, Dean,” Cas says, pulling away, standing up, and Dean swallows. There’s a ringing in his ears. He fucked it up. He fucked it up. Muffled, he hears Cas saying, “It— I don’t want—”
“Yeah, you, uh.” Sam laughs, but it doesn’t sound like he’s happy. “You really. You really scared me last week.”
“I— jeez, all right,” Dean mutters, flipping his burgers. He clears his throat. “I mean. Yeah, that’s— I will.”
I just didn’t want him to go. Every time he leaves it’s the last thing I see coming, even though it happens all the goddamn time. He wasn’t built to stick around with chumps like me, that’s for sure, and sometimes — all the time — I wonder why the hell he’s slumming it down here with us. Not us like humans, us like Winchesters. I wonder if we’re his penance. I wonder if he knows he’s already paid his debts.
“Shit,” Dean says. “Yeah. That’s good to write down.” He tries, “You know, uh. You can. You can talk to me about that stuff, too.”
“Right.” Dean nods, and sets the blanket down, a respectable three feet away from Cas’s feet. He lies back, trying to be nonchalant. Puts his hands behind his head.
“All but my thumb,” Cas says, sounding— sounding almost surprised by it, like a, like a scientist with a new discovery, except Dean can see the sweat beading at his forehead, the tent in his jeans. He presses that thumb up behind Dean’s balls and Dean— he fucking almost whites out, head thrown back against the mattress as his hips push up into Cas’s hand. Good Christ. When he comes back to himself, his mouth is open and he has tears in his eyes, he knows it, and he’s harder than he’s ever been.
Cas stays very, very quiet. He puts his thumb against Dean’s chin, tilts his head up to meet his eyes. And Cas says, “I promise that I will never choose to leave you.”
“Well, shit,” Dean says, feeling a little goddamn choked up. He didn’t have much to do with either of them growing up, with the person either of them have become, but he’s proud of them anyway. Goddamn kids. “Don’t I feel like an asshole. All right. An’ I’ll send you what I find on these things.”
Dean’s quiet. “Dude,” Sam says, once they’re sitting on the hood of the Impala in a taqueria parking lot waiting for Mom to come back out with dinner. Breakfast. Whatever. “You okay?”
. Forty year old basket case.” He flexes his hand, and suddenly he’s— he’s in Lisa’s house, pushing her against the wall, nothing but violence in him, the vampire-bloodlust some crazy unknowable mix of desire and disgust. What he did to her was a goddamn atrocity. And Sam thinks he should— what, find another civilian to get killed? Jesus Christ.
Cas sits there with him in that silence. Dean thinks about all the nice things he was gonna try, earlier, to fix the feeling in him. If he ever worked up to it, he was gonna get his ears pierced. Wear a nice necklace. He had all those rings, right, it wouldn’t’ve been outta character. Today, though, after this, he’s so bent up there’s no way he’ll let a stranger see him for long enough to get a needle in his ears.
Dean’s breath catches. Another declaration from on high. Does he always need to hear it from someone else? What
Sam goes out to sit, sometimes, on a tree stump maybe about a fifteen minute walk from the bunker through what is technically federal land. Here’s the land. Here’s the sky. The bunker has a few trees near it — not big hulking things like they have out in California but decent trees, approachable ones. The ones planted by farmers six decades ago as windbreakers. Maybe that was the first conceit, the first time anyone standing where Sam is standing now made claims too far beyond their reach. The planting of trees and the laying down of roads.
They told her about the time travel. The origins of the Impala. Sometimes she thinks it’s all just one great circle, that all of time begins and ends with the touchdown of angels on earth for the first end of the world. Sometimes she feels like she was made for the twenty-first century, no matter that she was born in the fifties — she was made for her boys’ apocalypse.
Yeah. All right. Dean looks up at the stars. Would it have been better, to zap from one to the next like a bee from flower to flower, without being able to appreciate it? Is it better to know what you’ve lost only after you’ve lost it?
Dean shakes his head, stepping back to sit on his bed. “Nothin’,” he says, laughing while he’s broken up about it, because it’s true. Cas is alive, isn’t he? Isn’t that good enough? “Just— just—” He tilts his head back to the ceiling, as if gravity will keep his tears inside. “I fucked it up,” he whispers again, and there his voice goes, cracking right down the center line like a bad batch of asphalt. “Cas was— an’ I just—”
Dean thinks about Cas’s warmth in that bed. Against all instinct, he says, “No, I.” He should stay up. He should stay up and make sure Sam’s warm and fed and taken care of. But Sam doesn’t look mad at all, and so Dean says, “I think I’ll… go back to bed.”
“Undoubtedly.” Cas kisses Dean’s knuckles, and then pushes him off and stands up. He’s got that look in his eyes, that twinkle, when he asks, “How was work?”
“I—” Sam scratches the back of his head. “Honestly, man, I. I looked up… I looked up prayers for. For, for gay— or, queer, I guess, men.” Dean watches Sam’s slow and careful blinks, the way he looks at his computer screen and hasn’t faced Dean once, and thinks,
Hi Dean. Here’s the deal: you raised me right. I don’t ever want you to worry about that. You gave me a sense of self. Sometimes I think about all the ways my body got taken from me, sometimes in ways that you made happen too, and I still think that I’m so fucking lucky I got the childhood I did. I know that doesn’t make any sense to you but what I mean is you supported my self-esteem. We ribbed each other like brothers, of course we did, but you made me feel like I was important. Like I — Sam Winchester — mattered. That might not mean much to you but it was the foundation for who I am today. What I’m trying to say is that some of the crap that rolls off me only rolls off because you built me up.
“No,” and Dean pushes him forward, walks forward right into him, that marble statue of a body. Cas comes alive, comes human for him and Dean knows well enough to be grateful. “No, you don’t know. The way I feel ‘bout you—” and Dean’s throat catches because he knows. He knows he can’t say it. His eyes stutter around Cas’s gaze, and then down to his nose, his chin, down to those hands of his that could make Dean say anything if he only tried hard enough. Dean swallows. “You know.”
To clarify: Sam is looking at roads with names like Aa and Bb, and at hunched over fruit trees protecting John Deere tractors, and he too feels unearthed from his body’s first and true form.
Dean finally, finally turns around. His eyes are red, but he’s not actively crying, thank God. He stands up, and comes back to the kitchen, rests his forearms on the island since she doesn’t have chairs set up yet.
So Dean follows Cas’s voice. They hang a right on 130, drive right past the sign that says WELCOME TO THE GEOGRAPHICAL CENTER OF THE LOWER “48” STATES
Cas stands up. He looks at Dean. And Dean looks back at him— the bags under his eyes, the hollows of his cheeks, his mouth. The stubble around his jaw. His
Cas shifts closer; breaks the eight-inch barrier, his thigh warm against Dean’s. He looks at him. “What do you want, Dean?”
What the hell is that supposed to mean. “Balance—” Sam starts to ask, but then Cas tosses his plate in the sink, moving like it’s urgent. “Cas, what’s up?”
And he thinks about that line in his own journal, about growing old. He thinks about putting up a rocking chair and looking out at an August sunset in the plains and not having a damn thing to do.
to hunt. Jesus, I dunno, move to the middle of nowhere, take up— whittling. You’n Cas, out in a forest in Idaho, makin’ little— little bear carvings.”
“It seems such an unlikely coincidence,” Cas says quietly. “Perhaps… well, there have been other deaths.”
“Yeah, yeah.” Claire pulls another swig of her beer and says, “I’m serious. Unclench a little, dude.”
“I’d never ask you to put yourself in the path of an angry angel,” Cas says quietly. Oh, fuck. “How could I do that to you? When I—” Cas swallows, and says, “When I was the one who only raised you halfway, who left your soul there under Lucifer—”
Cas’s hand stays there, only leaving to turn a page every so often. God, he’s so— it’s so gentle, is what it is, like he’s— or intimate, really. Like Cas knows his body. Knows he has permission. And fuck, he does, he does.
Cas strokes Dean through it with his wet fingers, gathering up Dean’s come on his fingers before shoving them back into Dean’s mouth. “Beautiful,” Cas grits out, pressing into Dean’s prostate as Dean wrecks himself on Cas’s body, spilling come and tears all over himself. “You can’t imagine how beautiful you are right now, Dean.”
“Yeah, yeah,” and Dean scrambles to take his dick out, and then Cas’s, too, and then— all at once it’s unbelievable, touching him, skin on skin, he’s— Dean looks at his dick, nudging up against Cas’s, between their stomachs. “This is insane,” Dean says, because he’s so hard it’s unreal. He looks up and Cas—
“Read it to me?” Dean asks anyway, because he’s a man in love, and because maybe he won’t dump the Anne Carson on the public library doorstep like he keeps threatening. Maybe Cas has got him hooked on the stuff.
, she’d said. Two days after the shifter hunt. Two days. Couldn’t even wait the Biblical three before making her move.
Dean’s mouth twitches up into a smile. “Kept askin’ questions, though. Why didn’t—” Dean inhales. His eyes flit down to the counter for one long moment, and then he looks back at her. “Why’d we always have to move around. Why didn’t we have a mom. Where'd Dad go when he'd take off for days at a time. That kinda stuff.”
“Oh, fuck—” and Dean comes like that, shivering, his hands tight on Cas’s hips as he grinds up against him, biting Cas’s lip. “Cas— Cas—”
He’ll catch Jack doing shit like painting his nails or putting up printouts of cute boys over his desk, and he’ll think to say,
“I bought some earrings too, for Claire,” Cas says, “but to be honest, I don’t think they’ll want them. Should I get them out?”
Sam lurches up from his half-assed squat and gets there first, while Dean just shakes, like a fucking idiot, almost down to kneeling in the unending heat. Oh, Christ. He can’t— if Cas is— he can’t—  “Cas,” Dean whispers, and then calls, hoarsely, “Sam?” His hands are shaking.
“Shut up,” Dean says, without any bite to it ‘cause he likes Amy. He crawls back under the crappy Ford some asshole totaled three days ago and works.
“Cas,” Dean whispers, turning his head to the left just to catch him in his line of sight. There he is. There he is. Cas is looking at Sam but he’s got his arm around Dean’s waist, his palm warm against Dean’s side, his chin— oh God, he’d missed him. Dean can’t stop looking at him. The cleft in his chin, the soft jowls which in ten years might pillow over the edge of his jawline, the high curve of his cheekbone and the ruler-straight line of his nose. His eyes. Those bags under his eyes, his eyelashes, his eyebrows always furrowed and his mouth, his mouth—
At first, Dean has no idea what he means. “Please?” he tries, and Cas’s fingers pump into him faster as Cas shakes his head, and then Dean realizes— ”Thank you,” he says, and Cas’s head drops like he’s had his strings cut. “Thank you, Cas, for slapping my face.”
, he asks,” Dean laughs, curling into Cas’s knees, uncaring about the various liquids all over his chest. “Cas.” He reaches up and Cas meets him halfway, lets Dean pull him down so Dean can kiss the corner of Cas’s mouth lazily. “It was fuckin’ awesome.”
“Is that so,” Dean says. And like a train wreck rolling down a hill, he hears himself saying, “That’s real nice, that you can look past how hideous my body is, real generous of you—”
. Okay. That’s what— Dean’s knee starts bouncing, just thinking of it. He’d be Cas’s— Cas’s partner. Nobody would know anything more about him than that. “Would you like that?”
That seems to be it. Cas closes his eyes. In a stroke of courage or impulse, Dean — God, he’s got no self-control — walks forward. Makes it two feet closer. Cas’s cheeks are red from the slight chill in the air, and his breath comes out in long, gentle streams. A smile twitches at the corner of his mouth, and Dean knows he’s been made.
“What d’you wanna do,” Dean breathes, hand on Cas through his sweatshirt, thumb tugging down at the neckline. He wants it off. He wants to put his mouth on Cas, wants to taste him, wants to see Cas smile. “Hey. Cas.”
“Trouble?” Donnie asks, handing Lindsay the ice bag and making sure she’s all right and then following Dean as he drags the unconscious asshole outside, out back near the dumpster and the ice machine. “That was impressive. Very heroic.”
It's past midnight here, so I'm only posting this chapter, since I want to read through the last one for grammar edits before posting. I plan to post it tomorrow, so hopefully it won't be a long wait (less than 24 hours!) if you'd like to read it once it's complete.
Dean looks her right in the face. “‘Cause he was my kid,” he says hoarsely. “You gotta understand that. He was my dead kid, lyin’ there on that mattress, at twenty-three goddamn years old, an’ I looked at him and I said these exact words to him. For the first time in my life I told him that when he was little and he asked me those things, I’d say to him, ‘Quit askin’, Sammy. Man, you don’t wanna know.’”
“Sweetheart,” he says, low an’ soft, half on instinct, ‘cause when he looked up from dumping his grocery bags he saw him, and the sight of him was enough to make Dean settle down easy. There he is. Cas. The love of his life, his partner, his beauty, his sky and stars and sea, the only person in the universe who chose him above all else. It staggers Dean, what Cas does to him, what the look of him does to the shitty squelch of muscle he calls a heart. If you saw him this way you’d have called him sweetheart, too, and thought less of it than Dean.
“Dean,” Cas says quietly, and then releases him. No, don’t go, Dean thinks. Cas takes a generous step back and puts his hands at his sides, the way he— the way he always does, the way he did when he said all those things and brought the Empty to him. “I— you’re—” and Cas turns to go and Dean finally opens his fucking mouth.
“Yeah, Cas,” Dean says, and Cas pushes, and it’s like he’s— it’s like he has a new space inside him, just for Cas, the sparking and desperate sensation in him finally sated by Cas’s fingers. Cas’s hand. His hand slips in to the base of his thumb, his knuckles pushing past the rim into him, pushing out against the inside of him, and Dean groans, loud and cracked open. “Fuck, fuck, Cas— Cas, is that— is that—”
“I don’t need to wait,” Cas says quietly. “I don’t know how to tell you this in a way that you’ll believe, but I don’t need anything from you. I just— I just
Dean clenches his fist and almost sends one of the patties careening through a gap in the grill. “Uh. Huh?”
Sam eyes him, and Dean sniffs his shirt. Yikes. He still smells like smoke, too, from the cigarette he shared with the bartender after closing in the humid summer night, on top of all the rest of it. He’d looked at Marco’s shoulders as Marco lit his smoke for him, and Dean wondered if he’d treat him mean, toss him around like a sack of flour the way Cas might, if Dean got him riled up enough to forget that he decided their
Mary closes the door behind him. She looks at him, his back, his hands. He looks just like her mom. And like John, too, sometimes, when his shoulders block the light just right or when he looks at her from the driver’s seat of that car.
Trust. A loaded word, for the two of them, but Castiel hopes that Dean can at least trust him with himself.
“Figures.” Dean swirls the liquid in his mug when she hands it back, and then he sets it down on the island. “Anyway. I wasn’t much to write home about, as a kid. I was a loudmouth at school. Couldn’t hack it, couldn’t see the point of it.”
“Uh,” Dean says, because he isn’t really sure how to recover from the shape of Cas’s mouth around the word
“Dean,” Cas murmurs. That’s what gets Dean every time, his voice, the sound of him whenever Cas says his name like that. He loves looking at him but can barely do it now— they’re so close that Cas is just snapshots: blue eyes, stubbled jaw, black hair. Cas mouths across Dean’s jawline and Dean’s head tips back, gentle-like. He’d let Cas do whatever the hell he wants with him, he would, he
Dean huffs out a laugh, and relaxes, all the tension coming out of him. Of course he is. “God, you’re so much better at this than I am.”
is that they think he’s an old man with a rough past. They’re not at risk just by associating with him. The worst thing that’s ever happened to any of those kids was a sprained finger from when Juniper slammed a car door shut on herself.
“We want each other,” Cas says, like it’s a revelation, and his hips are moving again and Dean’s hips are moving and they hit a rhythm, almost by accident, the two of them, crooking into each other like some unholy crankshaft clicking into place.
“Interesting.” Sam’s mouth twists as he thinks, and Dean just keeps his hand on Cas’s back, it hitting him all over again that Cas — Cas who commanded legions, who raised Dean from the pit — might’ve choked himself to death on monster-dust. “Did it say anything about your resurrection?”
“I— Yeah, sure, I’ll just—” and — it’s the stupidest thing, because Dean’s in his goddamn forties and Cas is a fucking angel and all the rest of it — but Dean thinks,
“Dean.” The way Cas says it— like he’s pleading. Dean didn’t fucking want this. He stops, in the middle of that field, and says straight to Dean’s face, “You lied to me. I trusted you, and you lied to me.”
There’s two things in his hands: a pair of sweatpants, and a matching tank top. “You’ve never worn them, so maybe you won’t have an idea of what you look like in them. You’ll just be comfortable.”
Dean barks out a laugh, acid in his throat. “Did you— Jesus, man. No. No, s’just.” Just me. It’s just me that’s wrong. “Shit, never mind.” He hates his fucking
“Hm.” Cas considers it. “Yes, I suppose that’s fair. But there are groups who are… open to these discussions.” And Cas looks at him. “What was the prayer about?”
Cas’s hand wraps around his dick and Dean shudders, croaks out something only vaguely resembling human sound. “Jesus
Oh, God. Dean closes his eyes, and his shoulders shake, and it hits him, all at once. He lost him. He lost him. Cas had— and Dean had reached out in the night and there was nothing there, nothing at all. Who was he? He is, has always been and always will be, fundamentally, Sam’s brother, but
“No, wait— wait a second, Dean.” So Dean waits, as Mia figures out what to say. She says, cautiously, “It seems like you might want to talk about this with someone who isn’t involved in the situation. I’m happy to be that person for you now.”
“Nah,” Dean says. But he thinks about Cas asleep — God he hopes he’s still asleep — in their room, gorgeous and too good for Dean. Thinks about Cas’s fingers, Cas’s wide thighs, the stubble across his chin, and the fact that this is who Dean is now, a man who sleeps with men. Thinks about his dad’s silence when he had to pick him up after that cult thing with Lee, which never even went anywhere anyway. “But, uh. Hell. Maybe I should.”
“I’m saying that maybe…” And Sam’s cheek twitches, and he says, “Maybe you still think you gotta settle for what you can get. Like you don’t deserve any better.”
So Castiel looks at him, meets his gaze. Dean’s eyes dart back and forth, from one of Castiel’s pupils to the other. He examines him closely. He puts his hand on Castiel’s cheek, and Castiel allows it.
“Just for a drive,” Cas says. Dean blinks at his phone — five in the goddamn morning. One of these days Cas’ll get the hang of having a circadian rhythm an’ then it’ll be like pulling teeth trying to get him up for breakfast, Dean’s certain of it.
“Shit,” Dean hisses as Cas brushes a palm over his nipple. In response, Cas — Jesus — Cas presses his thigh in, closer, right against Dean’s dick through his jeans and— “Cas—”
Cas steps in, close, strips the flannel off of Dean. In his T-shirt, Dean says to Cas’s mouth, “I’m always lookin’ for you. Are you gonna let me stop lookin’?”
“Nah,” Dean replies, instinctively, and then realizes he has to explain himself now. He looks at the gun in his hands. This gun has saved lives. Cas is older than dirt, older than time, hardly an innocent, but Dean still thinks— maybe it’s for him to carry his bullets around in their lethal cage. Maybe Cas doesn’t have to live like that. Dean never took Ben shooting, no matter how bad Ben asked. He hates seeing Claire with a gun in her hands. He hates the way Sam strips a shotgun.
Sam opens the door, but before he leaves, he says, “Y’know— it’ll work out, man. No matter what happens, it’s gonna be okay.”
“It means something when I have a twenty-two year old feeling unsafe at her workplace because a customer doesn’t know the difference between yes and no,” Donnie chimes in, and takes the phone out of Dean’s hand. “I’m gonna break this, because it disgusts me. I suggest you figure it out.”
. He’d said that. Dean had driven him three and a half hours for the sunset and put him on the roof of his car and played Bitter Creek for him, and Cas had still said that.
He breathes in through his nose, snot and tears, and he can’t— he can’t for the life of him say another word. He just sits there, on the ground, while Mia listens to him break down, and he— he—
Cas smiles, small and quiet, and Dean looks at him. Yeah, most days the whole in-love thing kicks him in the nads, but sometimes — like right now, with the sun shining bright on Cas’s sunburnt forehead — he ain’t stupid enough to forget the real miracle, which is: Cas, alive. Oh, Jesus. Cas asks, “Are you happy, Dean?”
But this — Bobby just hugs her, and Sam thinks, this is pretty nice, too. “All right,” he says. “You’re a girl, then?” And Sam nods into his chest. “All right. That’s all right.”
He thinks about Sam. Sam, writing in his journal, smiling more often than not these days. Eileen switching Dean’s beers out for non-alcoholic ones when he finishes a full six-pack on movie nights and not saying a damn word about it.
“Yeah, no prob.” He finally, finally bends down to kiss Cas, sets his hand on Cas’s shoulder, feels the strength of him under his skin. “And, uh. Thanks for the sweats.”
“St—stupid,” Dean hitches out, eventually, once he gets a hold of his voice. “Been more’n a decade—”
“That’s idiotic,” Dean mutters on instinct. What does this place have? Shitty coffee, inedible breakfast. And twenty miles away, an empty cabin Cas preferred over coming home, to Dean. Maybe that’s what Cas owes this place for — a fresh start. He played it up like it was for Dean’s sake but now that Dean looks at him, yeah, he sees it. This place was a fresh start for a guy who had his millennia-long existence fucked by the Winchesters one too many times.
A few months ago — well, twelve weeks and two days ago, to put it plain — they got Cas outta the Empty.
“How’s your neck?” Dean asks gruffly, tilting his own head back to look up at Cas, because he can’t think of anything to say to
“It’s a deep curse,” Cas says, and oh yeah, there’s a fucking case. Dean forgot about that while he was busy reenacting
“What the hell was that,” Dean says, and it comes out meaner than he meant it. Cas looks at him and he thinks, you almost died. You asshole. You almost fucking died on me again. “Shit,” Dean laughs, “at least you didn’t make a big speech this time.”
It’s like trying to find a needle in a forty acre stack of needles, but Sam’s getting close; the stone’s getting colder, and when he finds a small clearing with a patch of wilted trees — it’s not the healthiest grouping he’s come across, but it isn’t the worst either — the stone’s ice cold.
All things considered, though, Dean would probably be the one in the kitchen. He wouldn’t mind that so much. Cas would — Cas would’ve liked to do something weird, Dean thinks. He could’ve worked at the nursery in Salina. Or maybe he could’ve found a job at KU, teaching linguistics or something. He’d have been a great professor. Dean knows, ‘cause he snuck into enough classes while spying on Sam at college — the ones who get your attention are the ones with a strange intensity, the ones who give you the feeling that what you’re learning is not only the most important thing you’ll ever learn, but that it’s the most urgent thing too. You have to learn it now, here, or it’ll be gone before you can think to want it. Cas could make anything feel that way.
“But I— I drove you here.” It’s the most normal, human, mundane thing in the world, but he says, “It’s fifteen miles back to the bunker.”
Cas exhales. “Yes,” he says, and Dean turns his eyes back to the safely distant galaxies as Cas settles down next to him, warm and familiar and dangerously close.
. Cas heard him complaining about how fuckin’ hard his life is, having his best friend in his life and in love with him and alive, like a— like a fucking idiot—  “Shit, Sam, you think Cas—”
Dean closes his eyes, and puts his face in the crook of Cas’s shoulder, breathes him in. What else is there to say? They’re doing whatever they want.
Into the heavy muffled silence of that bookstore, Dean looks at Cas. Takes in the tremble of his jawline, the furrow in his brow that smooths out as he stops concentrating on the small text.
“I, uh.” Christ. Dean clears his throat, and pulls the blanket out from behind his back, the one he hasn’t had the guts to bring out until tonight. “Figured I’d maybe. It’s warm enough, y’know, might lie back, take it in.”
“I want us to talk with each other,” Cas says. “I want to talk with you late into the night. I want to tell you that I love you. I want you to show me your favorite westerns, ten times over. I want to grow vegetables in a garden for Sam’s salads and discuss theology with Eileen in the middle of the night when you’re asleep. I want to kiss you.”
He stumbles across the room and opens the door to Sam’s face. Like he needs someone else to see this, good God. “Uh— Dean?”
“Do you want—” Cas looks up. He tilts his head and turns his hand gently inside Dean, and Dean shivers right on schedule.
No one’s in the hallway when Dean gets out, but Sam nods at him in the library. “Hey,” Sam says, “I didn’t listen at all or anything, but just FYI, if you wanna— if you want me to put a soundproofing spell on the door or something for next time, just lemme know.”
“What was I supposed to do?” Dean knuckles the crying out of his eyes, looking up at Sam. His brother. How’d he do it? All those years ago, with Jess, he just— he kept pressing on. He let Dean keep pressing him on. How in the hell did he do it?
“The world is large,” Cas says, his voice deeper and quieter the way it always is the first hour after he wakes up, before he gets enough water in him. “It surprises me, sometimes. It feels like the entire world is wherever you are.”
and that was better than the alternative, better than getting thrown out on his ass. Dean hunched over whenever he said it and always thought the wrong feeling in his chest was from the guilt, from knowing he wasn’t half the man his dad thought he ought to be.
Dean doesn’t know what that’s like, of course. But he leans against the doorframe of the greenhouse Cas made him build out back of the bunker and watches Cas examine the leaves of his hedges, picking dead leaves off of green stems.
Cas says, “I think you’d be a… ‘catch,’” air quotes and everything, and Dean laughs. Cas frowns, though. “I mean it, Dean. You’re— you’re very kind, and loving, and of course you’re very handsome. And I’m given to understand that cooking ability is extremely desirable in the dating scene.”
“Okay,” Mary says, because she’s now getting the sense that this subject is, perhaps, more sensitive than she anticipated. “That’s okay, too.”
Eileen had been too good for him. Which, well. That’s not the point when she’s fucking dead, is what any decent person would say, but Sam can’t stop himself from selfishly drawing the link between WINCHESTER AFFILIATE and DEATH. She asked them for help. She mailed them a fucking letter, and wrote,
“Mary,” he calls. He walks to them, and says, “I think you tripped over something that… isn’t there anymore.”
Here’s the scene: Dean, on his laptop in the library at three in the morning, biting his fingernail as he browses through, of all things, r/sexuality. It isn’t that helpful but he has no idea where else to go. He found a website called KU Queers & Allies but he barely graduated high school, so it’s not like he has much in common with twenty year old frat bros.
When Dean is twenty, Dad catches him with a guy just outside their motel. No funny business or anything — just Dean and Brian, who Dean hustled out of two hundred bucks in a pool game two hours earlier, smoking in the parking lot while Sam sleeps inside. They’re sharing a fifth of whiskey, and Dean makes a show of licking the rim when he’s done with his taste, and then there’s the sound of the safety clicking off and Dad’s there, cocking his gun at Brian.
“I just—” Dean blows out a breath. Through his hands, he says, “Fuck, I don’t know, Sammy, I just— he was dead, all right? Cas was—” and his voice cracks, God, like he’s a goddamn teenager, “—gone, and I just. And he was back. Sam, you can’t— when I saw him, I just— how could I not? If I were him, I wouldn’t— I mean, he’s in
“Dean.” Cas heaves out a sigh. His hand touches Dean’s cheek and Dean blinks up at him, feeling hot all over, hot especially where Cas’s palm is warming him. “I’m— you must know that I want you, deeply.”
Dean rolls his eyes. “Okay, FYI, we’re not taking relationship advice from a fifteen year old who picked the name
, and Dean pushes himself down, fucks himself on Cas’s fingers because he— he wants— and Cas makes this noise, this small hurt-sounding noise and gives Dean what he wants. Gasping, Dean asks, “What do you— what were you thinking of?”
“Anything,” Cas says, and he raises his arms to let Dean pull his shirt off, and he— he isn’t wearing anything under it so it’s just him, his skin, the hair over his chest. Shit.
“Yeah, hah,” Sam snorts, and, well, fair enough. Still. Dean might not have picked a stomach tattoo for his first big one.
. Dean slides his hands all over him, close, close, puts his mouth on Cas’s collarbone ‘cause he can’t stop himself. “Lemme— lemme.” Dean puts his hand on Cas’s ass, biting short and shallow against the pulse in his throat, and uses his grip to lever Cas towards the bed.
“Yeah, bye, kiddo. Stay safe.” And Dean hangs up the phone and looks at it in his hand, with not a little disbelief. He looks at Sam.
into Dean’s mouth. And then — it’s unbelievable, as if he gets a free pass just because he’s gorgeous and romantic and the best thing that’s ever happened to Dean — Cas grins, and says, like he’s trying on a role, “Love that ass, too,” and gives him a little spank before walking to the bathroom.
Aw, hell. Sam tries not to cry, but she just— she blinks and she can feel the tears welling up. All the women. All the women in Bobby’s family. Women like Sam. “Can we get my ears pierced tomorrow?” she asks quietly.
Once Dean has calmed down a bit, Cas pushes in a little more and Dean shakes— ”Yeah, yeah, Cas,” he grits out, “fuck—
Cas likes it when the sun gets low, turns the sky pink. He’ll spend hours out there, sitting and watching as the wind blows spirits into the tall grass and the clouds turn yellow and purple and then blue, and then when nighttime comes, Cas tilts his head back and looks at the stars.
You hear that, universe, God, Death, whoever? I’ll do anything for it. For him to die only once, with the people he loves surrounding him, happy and old and not a single heroic thing about it. And if we’re making wishes I want to go before him. I don’t want to be there when he dies — I want to already be dead.
“Huh? Oh, I—” Sam huffs. “I was gonna ask if— if you wanted to come down to Salina with me to, to pick up some stuff from the occult shop, get outta here for a while, y’know, get some— get some space. But. Maybe it’s better if I go by myself, let you two talk it out.”
“They were extremely evasive overall,” Cas admits. “They seemed to… they seemed to think I had an ‘in’ with the nephilim. That’s what they asked about, mostly. If he could fix things.”
“It’s funny, you doing the hard work while I relax,” she says, while Dean figures out where to put the TV so the cord can reach the outlet. “You know, I was ready for two rowdy boys. Well,” she laughs, “I wasn’t, really. No one prepares you for what toddlers are like.”
Sam swallows. “I always kept thinkin’ of his— hand, in, when he put, when my soul, when he— my stomach— I dunno.” Sam shakes it off, and looks down at the place where his tattoo is. “This was nice. Like it was just… for me.”
“Well, yeah, I—” Good going, Dean, remind the guy about losing his wings. He tries, “I mean. Do you pray?”
So Dean waits. He waits while Cas stands up, and watches him rifle through his drawer in their shared dresser, and watches his biceps flex as he rips the tags off some clothing. “I thought these would be comfortable,” Cas says, holding the clothes up.
“Wow, uh—” Dean clears his throat. “I mean. Obviously, you’re— you’re still— you’re my brother.” How did he not
“Please,” Dean says, and Cas slaps him, open-palm across his cheekbone, the force of it pushing Dean’s face into the mattress, and with his eyes closed and his mouth open and willing Dean chokes out, hips riding Cas’s fingers, “Thank you, Cas.”
Dean sinks back against the doorway, stunned. So, it’s over. No chance. He’s never gonna touch Cas again, probably. That’s… it.
Eight months. Eight months you’ve been working here, and you’ve never even said his name. Dean says, throat dry, “Cas.”
“I worry all the time,” Dean tells him. He’s never been this honest before. No one’s ever promised to stay before, not in so many words. “I worry about you. That’s all it is.”
anyway, the real problem is that Dean’s too broken to keep up a real relationship. “I mean, yeah, I want him to stay. And why the hell would he stay if he didn’t—”
,” and Cas motions between the two of them as if Dean is supposed to know what the hell he means. Sam rolls his eyes. Cas says, quietly, “You were explicitly, fundamentally, the most dangerous threat to Naomi’s control over me. You and I both know it was you who broke the connection in the crypt.”
You get my point, though, right? Jack is Jack. He’s for himself. There’s no mission. He doesn’t have to do anything other than grow up. You need to make that clear to him. He doesn’t have a mission.
is the one who went to the Empty and back, twice, Cas is the one who’s in love with him, it ain’t— it ain’t for Dean to figure what he wants and what he doesn’t. That doesn’t make any sense at all. He asks, “You, uh. You really think that’ll help?”
hey friends additional warning for some sort of sexual content in this chapter. also this chapter's real heavy on the alcohol consumption, just so you know. be safe & as always if you have any questions or concerns hit me up on tumblr @agoodsoldier
Sam nods, a little, and Dean leaves. He passes Jack on the way, and he can’t say anything to him at all.
I mean. He figured out one thing. But you can’t hold him to it now — he wasn’t even human back then. If he’d just
Cas doesn’t push it, just leans back against the table as Dean gives him the last burger on the grill — food-safe, this time, none of that half-raw shit Cas likes — and turns down the barbecue so he can look back out at the rest of them, too, the girls pulling sangria out of coolers and getting Sam wine-drunk and giggly.
“Why?” Dean cranes his head up to look at his brother. “What could there possibly be in this— this whole shitshow, why the hell would you want to know anything about it?”
Dean realizes that. He is— he’s realizing that. “Yep,” he croaks out, and then asks, palms sweating, “Didn’t you already know that? You got that— the upload or whatever, from Megadouche.”
Sam, meanwhile, is doing actually helpful things like elevating Cas’s head and patting his face gently to wake him up. “Hey. Cas?”
Once they get the backyard propane tank all set up, Jody puts a beer in his hand and lets him go to town and he makes ten burgers on autopilot without even questioning it, like a suburban dad robot. Embarrassing.
“Fire an’ brimstone, the whole nine yards,” Dean says casually, and then swallows and absolutely can’t make himself speak.
“You think I’m just gonna let this slide?” The guy’s holding his gun with two hands. His arms are shaking. “You can’t just— I should call the fucking cops.”
“Methinks the lady doth protest too much,” Sam quotes, grinning, as he downs his coffee. Cas quirks an eyebrow, and Sam says, “Take a break, whatever. Excuse me for wanting to make sure you’re still alive.”
It’s unbelievable. Unbelievable, and yet there it is, a beaten-down and angry man like Dean with this beautiful thing, this desperate flickering thing that wavers at the softest touch: hope.
Dean swallows. The car is, suddenly, too quiet. He wishes they were still driving. In that flat and open Kansan silence he says, like it’s the only word he knows, “Cas—”
All right. “You didn’t have to leave,” Dean says. Cas frowns. “I mean it. You— we’re here. We coulda helped.”
“No prob,” Cas says right back to him, and pulls him down to kiss him again, in his soft sweatsuit on his soft memory foam mattress with the love of his life. All Dean can see is Cas in front of him, Cas’s blue eyes. He ain't on display at all.
“Shouldn’t’ve assumed,” Dean croaks out, feeling stupid. Idiot. To think that an angel would want the same way a human wants, like an animal. Dean remembers the way Uriel used to talk about them. Monkeys throwing shit at a wall to see if it sticks. To think that Cas would— and with Dean, of all people, rode hard and put away wet more often than he can count. He’s a fucking moron.
He presses down against Dean’s tongue before releasing him, and Dean tries to catch his breath. “Fuck, Cas,” he says, as Cas delicately tries to pull out of his ass. Admittedly, it’s not very easy going, and Dean closes his eyes, shuddering through the aftershocks Cas pulls out of him as he slides his hand out, slowly. His dick twitches again when Cas gets to the widest part of his hand— and he can’t hold in the whimper when Cas’s hand finally slips out. “Jesus Christ. Jesus
And then Sam says something groundbreaking, but he says it so gentle, as if that’ll make it any easier. “Have you considered that you… might actually be in love with him?”
“We don’t know shit,” Dean retorts, because they don’t. Cas could be dead right now. For all Dean knows, this very second Cas is a vessel with burnt-out wings staining the ground behind him and Dean missed whatever pathetic sliver of a chance he had at maybe being a little less lonely than he feels every single goddamn day. Christ. He’s sweating. He shouldn’t have had eight old-fashioneds last night. But hell, they’d just kept coming.
Cas’s lamp buzzes softly with light that’s warmer than the bunker’s overheads. Cas says, “We wouldn’t go so far as to call our bullet a prophet, my brothers say,” and Dean blinks, eyes suddenly, inexplicably wet. “But my brothers’ bullet is always lit like a night-church. It makes my brothers holy.”
“Same old,” Dean says, ‘cause he won’t give Cas the satisfaction of acknowledging that work these days is less car repair (there’s only so many cars in the literal geographic center of nowhere, after all) and more LGBTQ babysitting.
Sam putters around the kitchen, too keyed up to sleep. He’s mostly afraid of having a dream about Lucifer; it would be nice to have at least a full day of being solid in the knowledge that Lucifer’s never coming back.
Cas bites the corner of his own lip, and then reaches up to slide a palm across Dean’s nipple. “Is this—”
Finally, they make it to Dean’s room, tumbling through the door like it’s the end of the world. Dean can’t fucking— he can’t get enough of it, Cas’s hands hot on his belly, his side, sliding around until they hit Dean’s lower back and pull him in like a romance heroine.
“Whatever we want, I suppose,” Cas replies. Dean looks at him. He’s smiling, wider than anything, wider than the first time he saw a shooting star as a human, delighted by the fact that he could still see them, that humanity hadn’t taken wonder from him.
He doesn’t see Cas, doesn’t watch the expression that slides onto his face at that. Just imagines it. Imagines Cas’s mouth twisting, imagines his brows furrowing as he considers that.
I fucked this one up because I lied to Cas. I told him from the get go that I was in love with him when I thought I wasn’t. And then I ended up figuring out that actually I was. Unreal.
“Sam,” Dean croaks out, but of course, Sam isn’t there. Sam just put this piece of paper on his desk and left, as if. As if this was all that needed to be said. As if he could dump this on Dean, as if he could say something so— “God damn it,” he hisses, crushing the paper in his hand.
And then he adds, like it’s— like it’s important, urgent, the only thing he’ll ever have to say in his life— he adds, “My— my husband’s name was Cas.”
Cas slides his hand down to grip Dean’s hip. “I asked,” he says, pushing up to kiss Dean’s cheekbone, “is it good?”
Sam grins. “Yeah. Okay. G’night, man.” And he leaves him to it, and Dean shakes his head at himself, wondering if it really is that easy. He thinks about it all the way until he gets back to their room, and curls himself into Cas’s body, and drifts off again, thinking about nothing at all.
“S’good, Sammy,” Dean says hoarsely, trying not to cry. His brother. “Shit, man, yeah, wear some— some fuckin’ crop tops then. Who gives a shit.”
hi friends! i feel very terrible about leaving this fic to rot for so long- please accept this extra long, meandering, plotless chapter which is almost entirely about dean's abandonment issues as penance.
“Hey,” Dean mumbles when he hears Sam walk in, ‘cause he knows Sam’s presence like he knows his own name. Better, even. He looks up blearily. “What’re you doin’ up?”
“Jesus fuck,” Dean hisses, collapsing on the ground next to Cas, clutches his hand tight. Who cares what Sam sees. He holds his hand there and looks at him, thinks that actually, he won’t survive the next time this happens. He won’t even have to go out and do it himself — the grief will just kill him right on the spot.
“Everyone who’s seen this thing has been drunk, which might narrow it down, or might just tell us this thing likes its prey inebriated,” Claire says. Jack says something in the background, and she adds, “Two witnesses were at a bar, and one was at home.”
“You look well, Sam,” Castiel says quietly, because he doesn’t know how else to express it. Perhaps, he could say, You look as a monument, as a pin in the ground, firmer than any sand, stronger than any wind. He could say, I think you will win your next fight. He could say, I saw you in that fiery furnace on the plain of Dura in the province of Babylon, and the smell of fire had not passed on you.
The all-American summer is for cute girls and camping trips, but Dean’s pushing forty and the transience of that summer high feels more depressing than enlivening. Dean sees more of himself in the old men smoking on their front porches at dusk than in the tanned, beach-going teens he drives past, and the hot sun seems to bring only dead grass and gloomy twilight. This next case is out in some town of about a hundred people, where the mysterious death of a young waiter at the town’s only diner is unusual enough to actually ring alarm bells.
“You’re not my type,” Lindsay says, nicely enough, and walks behind the bar. Dean likes Lindsay. She’s a no-nonsense kinda kid, maybe twenty-two or twenty-three, saving up to go to Kansas State and get a degree in architecture. She sketches buildings on bar napkins that Dean wants to live in, and buildings that make Dean think of angels, that make Dean think of the terror in his gut when he first laid eyes on Cas, buildings that Dean would pray to.
“He’s alive,” Sam calls, and Dean exhales. Good Christ. His legs work again and he stumbles over, feet scudding in the dirt as he makes his way to Cas’s side. He’s— he is breathing, his chest is moving, thank anything, oh God he hadn’t— Dean had almost—
Yeah. All right. Dean lets that one lie. The road curves on for another ten miles, clouds scudding overhead as the grass stays the same.
Four days. What did he do, over those four days? Hunted a shifter. Cleaned his baby and cleaned her again, and looked at the knives in the storeroom. Thought some more about how he’s an irredeemable piece of shit. The usual.
Cas flinches. “Do you even want to call me that, or is it something you’ve just— just learned is what you’re supposed to say? I thought—” He looks away, and Dean can’t fucking watch him walk away, not now— “I thought I could trust you,” Cas snarls. “I thought I could trust us to be real. To be something real, out of this whole— out of all of it.”
“Well, what are we—” Mary looks between Dean and Cas, obviously getting what Sam already knew, which is that it’ll be their decision, one way or another. “What’re we gonna do when we find him?”
The morning after, Dean needs new clothes, ‘cause he can’t wear Sam’s laundry for the rest of his life. He goes into their room — his room —
I stand by what I said last time — step number one is apologies. I bet you don’t even remember this, but I always think about this one time you said sorry to me. I came home after a fucked up day at school and you snapped at me (you probably had a fucked up day too, come to think of it) and I just couldn’t take it. I just shoved my headphones on and felt real shitty about myself. But then ten minutes later you tapped me on the shoulder and you said sorry and you gave me a Twizzler. Dad never said sorry to me once in his life. You probably can’t even imagine what a difference that made to me. Or maybe you can.
Cas breathes into Dean’s mouth, tugs gently at his lower lip with his teeth, and it’s— Dean collapses, full on, lets Cas carry his weight. Cas doesn’t say anything at all. Dean doesn’t, either — like their script has run out. Like there’s no race left to run, no audience to entertain.
“That’s unbelievably stupid,” Sam says, right as Cas goes, “Dean, your self-sacrificing tendencies disturb me.”
They’re pretty sure it’s a shifter up just outside of Kansas City, on the Kansas side, making its way systematically through the various banks dotted around the suburbs. Honestly, Sam’s got nothing against bank robbery in principle, except that three security guards and one witness are dead and that’s just not on.
“Yeah, sure, all right.” Dean pulls up a chair as Sam unplugs his earphones. There’s some kid on the screen — or, hell, maybe they’re not even that young, but everyone looks young to Dean these days — wearing some kinda robe and standing at a pulpit. Dean would say they’re a picture of Christian devotion except for the fact that half their hair is shaved off and the other half is dyed into a rainbow. “What kinda denomination is this?”
She doesn’t really know how to move on from there. She drinks some tea. And she thinks about her baby saying to her
“I’m not—” Sam shakes his head. “M’not asking for you— for your— what I mean is, I’m asking you to— I’m trying to say that my entire world has shifted.” He looks at Dean, and says, “My entire universe is different, but you’re in the same rut, and I don’t get it anymore. I see a point to— to life, now, in a new way, and you were living— you had it this way the whole goddamn time, you were free the entire goddamn time, and you still— you still
“That’s good.” Bobby sighs heavily and releases her. “Jeez, that’s good, kid. All the women in my family were the smart ones, y’know.”
Good lord. Dean’s been reading too many of the poetry journals Cas subscribes to. He tells Cas they can’t afford to drop two hundred a month on subscriptions — if he wants to spend that much money he might as well sign up for classes at KU and get access to their library system — and Cas always says he “likes the hard copies,” and anyway Dean’s job is “only a supplement” to the credit card fraud. Straight to the heart. But anyway, Cas likes to have stacks of
“Anyway,” Cas says, dropping onto a bench while Dean tries to look at anything other than Cas’s body, holy
“Good,” Cas breathes, and his nails scratch just behind Dean’s ear and shit, it just— Dean’s hips jerk and he grunts, dick twitching in his jeans. Jesus Christ.
“Another good question. Yes, I think so.” Castiel thinks of the devastation that he, personally, has wrought on Claire and their family — and, simultaneously, the deep joy he feels now, as a human, as a human in this body. In their father’s body. He says, “To be honest, I’m a— I’m a man. I like being a man. I like—” and he smiles, thinking of it. “I like that I’ve fallen in love with someone who’s not a woman. I like understanding myself as a queer man. I think that if I had to choose, that would be my gender.”
And in all those years since, he still hasn’t grown out of it. He’s a fucking menace. “What’d you think of it?”
“What’s there to say?” Dean blinks up at the ceiling, feeling completely untethered, connected to the earth only through the heat of Sam’s palm through his jeans. Why the hell does he wear jeans in the bunker, anyway? He can— he’s allowed to wear sweatpants. Nobody’s looking. He could wear whatever the hell he wanted. But still, every goddamn day, he wakes up and he slips out of bed in his boxers and he puts on jeans and a T-shirt and flannel on top of it… for what? Why the hell does he do that?
“I know.” Cas sighs, and he says, “I know you worry. And I don’t know— I don’t know how to take it, because I don’t worry about myself. My worry is that I’m a burden. That I’m not—” Dean watches him swallow, and shake his head. Cas says, “Never mind.”
“Got two big projects going,” he says, once he has his voice again. He likes to talk things through this way, lay it all out so he can follow it in his head. “Figuring out what brought Cas back, and getting the alert system online. We can start delegating. Maybe Dean can go to the beach, one day.”
So Dean leans carefully against the sturdiest-looking shelf as Cas flips to about two-thirds through the book. “It’s chapter 25,” Cas says, as if that means anything to Dean. In his low voice, his normal talking voice, deep like the ocean, he reads: “‘The spring is beautiful in California. Valleys in which the fruit blossoms are fragrant pink and white waters in a shallow sea. Then the first tendrils of the grapes swelling from the old gnarled vines, cascade down to cover the trunks. The full green hills are round and soft as breasts. And on the level vegetable lands are the mile-long rows of pale green lettuce and the spindly little cauliflowers, the gray-green unearthly artichoke plants.’”
“He won’t hurt me,” Castiel says, because he won’t. He can see his soul. He looks so much like his mother. Jack will come to him and Castiel will hear his voice. He can’t wait.
Cas sits on the edge of the bed. He looks so… disheveled. Covered in dirt, tie backwards like always, hair everywhere. Still damp from the river, even after drying out in the Oklahoma heat. Dean’s never thought about it in so many words, but lookin’ at him there— shit. Yeah. He wants him. He wants to push his coat off his shoulders and strip his shirt off and— and— and take a shower with him, clean him, rub shampoo into his hair and towel him dry and suck hickies into the skin above his hip. He wants to feel Cas’s fingers in his hair, tight ‘cause he’s desperate, ‘cause he can’t control himself. ‘Cause he wants Dean like fire wants matchsticks, just the same way Dean wants him.
“I know that,” Jack says gently, and Dean exhales. Jesus Christ. He didn’t even know what it’d feel like, to hear that. To know he’d done good enough that Jack wasn’t surprised to hear he’s worth something to Dean. “But I still want to help you get him back. We want to help you.”
Castiel takes Claire out to go bowling. They’re in their twenties now, easier to please than they were at seventeen. Apparently, bowling alleys with arcades in the back are “cool” now. And they bring their girlfriend, Kaia. Castiel likes Kaia very much.
How could he do that? How could Cas— the first, the only angel to tear it all down, to come down to earth, the— oh, God— the only person to ever see something in Dean he hadn’t put there himself— how could he become nothing, just like that? After he saw something deep inside Dean, saw Dean not as the dad who put breakfast on Sam’s table or the son who propped up his drunken father, not the angry gunslinger or the slutty womanizer, but saw him for him. Just Dean.
“It’s chaos. It’s been chaos since— well, truly, since the averted apocalypse,” Cas says. “I suppose I thought it… I thought the solution was no longer my problem. I thought I could escape it.” He leaves his room, passing through the hallway with Sam trailing behind him. “I was so sure I was more of a hindrance than a help. That doesn’t mean I can— I can ignore a direct call like this.”
“So, what, I didn’t want things enough?” Dean thinks about it. All of his helpless desperation for Cas, his dirty hands all over him. “Sam, I— I made my choices,
“But I can’t,” he admits, gutted. He looks down at his hands, covered in gun and shovel calluses and cut and bloodlet more times than he can remember, and he thinks— who’d want anything out of these hands? These hands, always empty. “This is all I got, Cas,” he says down to his hands. “I know it ain’t good enough, I know that, but— how could I ask you?”
The way Cas looks at him— it’s too much. He doesn’t deserve that. “I won’t,” he says warmly, and Dean looks away.
“Like this, I think.” And then Cas amends, “I’d like you any way you’d like to be. I like you all the time, Dean.”
The long and short of it is that Dean just took too long to figure out that Cas was the love of his goddamn life. That’s it. That’s the whole truth of it.
“But Alastair’s dead,” Sam continues, “he’s been dead a long time. And Lucifer is dead, now, so I think I can understand it. Now I can look around and I can breathe. It was like I’d been breathing through a tube since I came out of the pit, and I could— I could— now that he’s dead I can take in air for myself.”
Cas comes over and props the fridge door open, and holds his hand out obligingly. Dean gives him an 18-pack of eggs and watches him bend over to slide it onto the bottom shelf. Christ. Here he is, arguing about teenagers, when he has that ass in his house. Dean’s stupider’n a pile of bricks.
— and Cas’s left hand comes down to grip his hip tightly, bruise-tight, and his fingers curl luxuriously inside of Dean’s body. His thumb presses in under Dean’s balls and Dean shivers, rocking back onto Cas’s fingers, fucking sloppy, pathetic for it. “Cas— Cas, can you—” God.
So Cas hands them to him and — Dean’s heart clenches, a little, just from seeing it — he turns around to give Dean his privacy. The top is made out of the same material as his sweatpants. The neckline cut is low, and there’s a seam running horizontal across the shirt, almost like a— almost as if— the line is where a bra strap would sit, if Dean was wearing one.
“Yes.” Cas kisses his shoulder, and says, “I want— I care about Jack. That’s what this is about. I care about him, and I want you to get along. I have faith in him.”
. He’d said exactly those words. Dean never knew what broke the connection. They never figured it out. “We don’t
“That sounds promising.” Dean glances over his shoulder, where Claire is keeping her witnesses quiet, calm, cooperative. “Claire’s doing pretty all right at this thing, y’know.”
“How far in are you?” Dean asks. Mostly because he’s curious, but also because he wants to hear Cas say it.
. Cas doesn’t deserve that. Doesn’t need Dean rubbing it in, that Cas is— that Cas feels— and that Dean isn’t—
“Look,” Mary says, spreading out her sturdy road map across the island, holes already coming in at the creases. A rectangle of sunlight from her open window spears down the Rockies before her shadow moves to cover it. “Locust swarm near Green River. Flood in Castle Valley. An ‘unexpected earthquake’ ripped up the northbound lane of 191 near Arches National Park.”
“I don’t need anything from you, Dean,” Cas says to his dishes. Civil, even. Like it doesn’t matter one way or another.
Easy. Nice and easy. Casual, even. Dean hadn’t even stuttered over it, and if he hadn’t downed half his beer afterwards no one would even have fucking noticed anything at all.
Ah. Right. Dean powers back more of his drink and looks at his laptop as if it’ll suddenly start reading out all his secrets. “Just, uh.”
“I don’t get it,” Dean says, only half-conscious of it. “There are, y’know, women out there. I can respect that. Look at Sam, y’know, she’s— she knows herself.”
Before he gets too in his head over it, though, Cas rolls over to smother him, full octopus mode. “I love you,” Cas murmurs.
Another five minutes. The sun boils down on cornfed country, the road getting flatter and flatter the further he goes.
Christ. Everyone keeps asking him that, as if— as if it matters, as if it’ll make a difference. Like they need to cater to Dean even
Through all those years after the not-pocalypse, through the Mark, Dean grit his teeth and bore it. Purgatory was the only place where it was okay, maybe ‘cause it — Dean — wasn’t a body. Maybe ‘cause Dean was just a soul, maybe ‘cause looking in rivers was more about assessing the damage and less about seeing himself.
Dean’s mouth twitches. He should give it to Charlie to wipe. He should donate it to one of those places that recycles electronics or whatever the fuck.
When Cas— when Cas’s hips twitch, his thigh bumps against Dean’s dick, and it’s— it shouldn’t be enough, but it is, ‘cause Dean’s— “You close?” he asks, around Cas’s thumb, and Cas nods.
Despite the fact that he’d been dead and back again less than half an hour before, Dean had drove them back to the bunker ‘cause he wanted to feel alive, and Sam hadn’t objected, probably ‘cause they were both feeling a little keyed up, a little like taking life for granted.
the one who fucked Cas over so bad he— he—” Dean closes his eyes. Cas, in the passenger seat on that twenty minute drive home that was too short and too long all at once. “He won’t even look at me.”
“I do think he’d like open spaces,” Cas says, while Dean rolls his eyes behind him. “A desert would be fitting.”
“Do you want—” And Cas looks at him, meaningfully, and God Dean has a new kink because yeah, yeah, he wants that, too—
. “All right,” Mary says, pulling the bag out and leaving it on the counter. Maybe she could become a cool mom who smokes grass with her kids. People do that, right? “So, breakfast tea?”
“Yeah, gimme.” Dean takes the beer out of Sam’s hand, unscrews it, and tosses back a couple gulps. “You doin’ okay? Nightmares?”
He stands there, waiting, as Cas’s hand slides up, slowly, deliberately. His fingertips reach the neckline of Dean’s shirt, brush against the skin of his throat. Oh, God. Dean holds his breath as Cas’s palm moves to cover his carotid, as his fingers curl around the back of Dean’s neck, as his thumb presses gentle below Dean’s Adam’s apple.
He takes Sam’s little lecture to heart. He figures Cas doesn’t want to see much of him at all, but he still walks past his door every night to make sure he’s still there, gets his four hours at three in the morning where he dreams that Cas finally up and gits, leaving Dean with only the memory of him hunched over and furious in the passenger seat on the way back from that cottonwood. It was so fucking sick of him to think it, but Dean thought he’d just gotten more beautiful, that he was the most beautiful Dean had ever seen him that day, all that condensed rage inside him. That, and the certainty that he would never hurt Dean, not in ways they couldn’t recover from.
“I suppose we’re… ‘out’ now,” Cas muses, air quotes and everything, and Dean just snorts even harder. “Well. It had to happen sooner or later.”
“Oh, I trust the guy, one hundred percent. Just—” Dean blinks. It’s so hot, and the wind is gritty with sand. “I’m sayin’ I want him to stop dyin’ on me. Jesus, Sam. S’that too much to ask? That my family stays alive?”
Arguing with a brick wall. If he’s so ready to leave, then let him. “Fine.” Dean doesn’t realize how loud he’s talking until Sam flinches out of the corner of his eye. Fuck.
Cas’s hand reaches down, and then Cas thumbs across Dean’s face, starting from the crest of his cheekbone down to his ear. Dean breathes in heavy, inhales as Cas leans down— and Cas presses his thumb against Dean’s lower lip and Dean opens for him, easy, he knows it, and Cas sets the pad of his thumb against Dean’s tongue. “Suck,” Cas tells him, and Dean gasps, shivering all over with it, gets Cas’s thumb wet, hard already from it. “And—” and Cas takes his thumb out of his mouth and Dean follows it, follows him, mouth open and empty. “Shh, shh,” Cas says, and puts two fingers into Dean’s mouth and Dean is— he’s fucking grateful for it. He sucks at Cas’s fingers and imagines— imagines it’s Cas’s dick in him, loves that, loves thinking about Cas over him, covering him, broad and big and filling him up.
, shoulders half a mile wide and the biceps to match, standing there between Dean’s legs like he owns him, his knee already half on the bed to claim his territory. Jesus
“No, no, no, shit, man,” Sam rushes to say, “Cas was— I mean, he’s been out this whole morning. No way he overheard. Sorry, I shouldn’t have brought it up so soon after, I really didn’t hear a word, I just wanted to offer.”
“What?” Dean kisses Cas’s cheek. “All those graveyard fires, and the house, and forty years in Hell? Anybody else woulda been burnt to a crisp.”
. Dean’s always been a Steinbeck fan, but he doesn’t think he’s ever read this one. He’s always stuck to the novellas. Never know when you’ll have to abandon a book— better not to get attached to a long one. “Yeah. Sure.”
“S’not a—” Sam laughs. “I guess it is, whatever, I dunno why I’m getting— defensive, over, over a word. I just.” He shrugs. “Sometimes I write about— about what I’m feeling.” He pulls his hand back from Dean, digs his right thumb into his left palm, something that brings Dean back to those godawful days when Lucifer was in his brother’s head. “When it gets real bad, I’ll, uh. I’ll describe all the things I can— can see, or smell, or whatever. Or I’ll just.” Sam exhales. “Just how I’m feeling. Or things that— that happened. I’ll write ‘em down so I know they… so I remember.”
At the bookstore — which has one wall full of windows letting all the light in, nice and welcoming for the newbies, but becomes a cozy and crowded maze of bookshelves by the time you walk to the back — they’re not exactly handsy, but they’re close. Intimate. It’d be obvious to anyone who cared to pay attention but no one’s in the store except for the person at the front, and Cas heads for the back where they’re out of sight.
“That can’t be true,” Dean snorts, thinking about Cas’s face when Dean had stolen the last slice of pie out from under his nose yesterday, and Cas raises his eyebrow. Okay. Maybe Cas’s face had been a little fond, even then — and maybe Dean knows that
“Yes. My whole hand is inside of you.” Cas turns his wrist experimentally and Dean’s hips jolt up. God. “Do you like it?”
To Sam, or rather, to that powered-off TV, he says, “It feels. Like I’m going through the motions, or something.” He exhales. “Fuck, Sam.” He’ll never get it together. Cas deserves someone who can hold his hand at the farmer’s market, who can kiss him in public and write poems for him and pick flowers on a whim and put ‘em in vases, and Dean’s. Dean can never do that for him. It ain’t in him. He still has his father’s fury coiled up too tight inside him, and it’ll never let him go.
All he remembers after that is Cas and Sam looking down at him and Dean blinking up, like he’d just come back from the dead— ’cause he had. And he’d stood up and looked at Cas, and his face was so— so careful. So unassuming. Cas didn’t expect a damn thing.
Fuck. Dean runs a hand down his face, pulling the skin of his cheeks down. He can feel the wrinkles forming, the jowls sagging. Rhonda used to tell him,
Cas has a fucking bizarre relationship to his garden. Theoretically, everything should be going wrong. He overwaters all of his plants and puts tiny buds next to giant ferns that by all accounts should take all the sunlight up. Dean’s pretty sure Cas doesn’t even know what fertilizer is. The temperature drops at night are enough to kill anything more delicate than an oak.
blah blah blah, Dean’s just waiting for Cas to pull out an angel blade like with the tablets in that crypt. And then you add Lucifer’s kid into the mix. It’s like some unholy halo-halo guaranteed to give Sam the PTSD shakes and Dean two broken legs.
He thinks about what Cas said to him probably every single day. He could recite Cas’s speech by heart. He remembers, so distinctly, the way Cas had said
“He left.” Dean presses his thumb into his forehead. He feels… he feels so fucking stupid. Cas in the bunker,
The case is nice and easy. Practically in their backyard — a day trip. This is a good thing: Sam won’t need to survive a night in a motel room.
“Thought that was the option,” Dean says, the whole sorry feeling spilling out of him two decades too late, “as if getting what you want is always— always has a price— I don’t know, I don’t know, like a gun is all I got waiting for me at the end of the line. But shit, Donnie.” He looks up at him. Donnie reminds him of Brian, in a way, that ease in his skin that only comes from knowing who you are and the bite that comes from standing upright in the world’s wind. In another life, he’d want him so bad. “Shit,” he whispers, realizing it all at once. “I don’t wanna go out like this.”
“It’s true.” There’s an openness in his face, when he looks at her again. The same openness that came accidentally, before. There he is. There’s her baby.
“What?” Sam finally looks at him and must take in some of the panic because he says, “Shit, no, I didn’t—
Whenever Dean catches himself watching Jack for something beyond him, he tries to stop. He refuses to wait for a reaction from Jack whenever he makes lunch. It wasn’t Jack who vacillated between enjoying human food and tasting nothing but molecules in his PB & J.
,” Dean swears, and does jerk hard enough to send one of the patties, finally, down into the grill where the propane burns through it slow and steady like hellfire. Great. Great. Just fucking great, Dean’s a goddamn beef patty in his fucked up BBQ metaphor mind palace.
“Well, as long as you don’t date him too,” she quips. Dean chokes out a disbelieving laugh when he gets it, and she smiles. “One celestial boyfriend is enough for this family, I think.”
Imagine that. Cas, in that trench coat of his, waiting while Dean put two nickels in a jukebox to let Paul Rodgers sing his devotion.
Mary trips over something behind Castiel. He turns around at the sound of it, and she smiles, embarrassed. “I’m fine, Castiel,” she says, but she seems shaken. Still, she brushes it off. “Still walking.” She demonstrates by walking past him, and clapping him on the shoulder, to join her sons.
“Hey, man,” Sam says, while Dean just looks, numb with shock. He can’t feel anything. He thought he’d be relieved but he’s just— nothing. He was so afraid and now he can’t feel anything at all.
“Would you like to join me, Dean?” Cas asks eventually, once the sun is all the way under and the half moon lights his cheekbones. They were at a diner a few days ago and Dean remembers that he’d looked around and thought,
Cas presses his shoulders down and rides him like that, shoves his hips up to push his dick right against Dean’s in the tight, tight space between their bellies, and Dean puts his hands on Cas’s hips to hold him, to feel his skin under his fingertips—  “Cas,” he grunts, when he’s close, and his breath comes faster—  “Shit— Jesus Christ—”
anything to do with Cas, and I’m not— fine, all right, I’ll come back today, s’that what you want? Jesus,” he mutters, “does it have anything to do with Cas, my ass.”
“Hey,” he says quietly, once he gets himself set up, propped up on the hood of the car. He won’t drink — doesn’t trust himself not to overdo it, and he’s driven so far that the route home won’t be easy and mindless.
“Nah,” Sam says, lowering his shirt almost reluctantly. “Or, I mean, I just.” He shrugs. “I like the look of these animals, and it was… it was nice to, to do something with my— especially there, y’know, where—” and Sam’s smile, for the first time, wavers. “I mean, when, when Lucifer was in Cas and—”
“Y— yeah,” Dean whines, and Cas’s hand grips his hip tighter, and holds him down just in time to stop him jerking up ‘cause Dean sees stars as Cas bites his earlobe. “Jesus, shit, Cas.”
“Okay,” Dean says, “that’s, uh. I mean, wear whatever you want, more power to ya. Just seems outta character.”
“Claire doesn’t really like talking about gender,” Kaia says quietly. “I get it. But I’m always— I mean, I think about it a lot. What it all means to me.”
Dean really likes looking at Cas. Must just be the number of times he’s looked for the guy and been unable to find him, making him anxious over it. Every time he walks into a room he looks for Cas first and settles once he sees him there.
. “If you’re— don’t hurt yourself, man. You can, y’know, if you want.” He pats the blanket beside him, because he can’t say the words. Imagine it. Dean, asking,
He blinks back up at Cas, who is staring at him. “Sorry,” Cas whispers, voice cracking. He swallows. Dean watches it all, the movement of his throat, the clench of his jaw.
Dean’s got no clue how he got to his room after that. He knows he made Sam promise to get outside today, see some sky, talk to someone, and then slouched his way back to Bethlehem in a daze. He wishes he could suffocate himself. He’d forgotten too.
“Please don’t interfere,” Cas says, solemnly enough that Sam feels a little bad over it. “Dean and I… I suppose we’ll find our balance soon.”
“You can say that again,” Dean snorts, and Mary suddenly remembers that he raised her son. He raised Sam. And, in many ways, he raised himself.
. “Sh—shit,” he gasps to himself, into his own palm, shaking. He’s shaking. He can’t see a damn thing, just— just— he closes his eyes and there’s that dungeon without Cas, that nothing, just him alone on the floor, on the fucking ground, like trash.
“What do I do?” Dean asks him, ‘cause he’s got no clue anymore. All he knows is the undertow that pulled him in when Cas left, and the way his grief coughed him up when he came back.
What. What. “Like,” Dean says, hoarsely, thinking of Purgatory. Thinking of Cas out of Purgatory, the way he’d been. “Naomi?”
“Cas,” Dean breathes, ‘cause he can’t ever look at him now without thinking of that spectacular and catastrophic kiss in that cabin and the wreck that followed, and Cas—
that shirt?), and it makes Dean think about what he might want. He’s free now, too. Chuck’s gone— they
