Author’s notes:
“Lock the door. I don’t want anyone walking in on us.” John slipped off his clothes as Sherlock undressed and slipped into bed beside him. “Do we have any lube?”
“No, Alice. I think Fenris just doesn’t like ravens. He’s not going to hurt you.” She turned to Fenris. “Cut if out, you. You’re scaring Alice.”
“Does it feel
easier for me. God knows, I’ve spent enough time in therapy to have some insight. You have to
“Dinner would be nice for starters. Is that for me?” He took the honey-cake from Mycroft and devoured in in two bites. “I’m starving. There’s not much worth eating in Hell. What kind of demon are you after?”
“I’ve got to admit, I was shocked. For a minute, I had this awful thought that they were hiding it from us all these years.”
“No. In fact, we’re already going to be late for Mycroft’s. Put those candles out while I make sure nothing’s going to explode in the kitchen while we’re gone. Mary, if you’ll come with me, I still have a few questions for you.”
“How can you not know?”
“Where’s he from?”
you’ve admitted you’re
got to stop doing it. I really don’t know
: (20 April, late evening)
“A brat, as usual.” He chuckled. “She’s fine. What’s he like, Uncle Greg’s boyfriend? Is he nice?”
“Don’t panic. That doesn’t mean I’m
“So?”
being the bottom. I dated a guy in Uni for a couple of weeks that didn’t do anything but oral.” He shrugged, suppressing a smile as he watched John blush. “With Mycroft, I gave him the option if he wants, but as long as I get to top sometimes I don’t mind being the bottom if my partner’s into it. Actually, I prefer being versatile, but I wouldn’t give you
“It’s just not possible.” The confident dismissal in Peter’s voice had turned into doubt.
“Well then, since I have you at my mercy…” John giggled as Sherlock bent his head to kiss him. He reached down, lining up his cock with John’s entrance. He could feel the muscles spasming around his cock he pressed himself inside. John was still babbling semi-coherently and occasionally giggling, and Sherlock found it so arousing he could have almost came just from watching him. He pumped himself into his lover’s body, cumming fast and hard.
it, Greg. He didn’t
“So you’re getting stronger?”
“I know it’s rather late, but will you stay, for a while?”, Mycroft asked softly, as soon as the others had gone.
Rosie.”
was able to pass through solid objects. It’s how she got in and out on those nights she set the dogs off. The boxes sat there several days before she unpacked them,
“It’s good to see you’re really human, at least. I was beginning to wonder.”
difficult to live with.”
She felt a flash of warmth as someone walked through her, and she stepped back. There was a presence here, a source for the sense of danger she felt. She turned, sensing something behind her back. She peered anxiously through the crowd, her sense of dread growing. Her eyes fixed on a young woman by the door. She looked much like the other girls in the bar; black denim, boots and black leather jacket, with short, spikey raven hair. If anything, she looked more conservative than most; no piercings or tattoos save for a small, Egyptian-looking mark around her right eye. Her only jewelry was a large sliver ankh, hanging around her neck from a plain black cord. She looked ordinary, but she felt… cold. She looked over at Mary, gesturing for her to follow, then turned and walked through the door.
each other, my love.”
going to have to start treating me like an equal,
“Knowledge, John.”
“Not even about the ghost that’s linked to you?”
“Magic. It’s real, Sally, and it’s gettin’ more common by the day. That case the other day, with the guy skinned in the alleyway? We caught the killer, but I can’t very well bring a demon in for trial, so Fenris ate him and sent him back to Hell.”
“Wilson, you got any idea what this stuff is?” He looked over at the forensic tech, who was kneeling by the body.
“I’d imagine so. Mycroft seems quite content.”
, apparently, are going to have to have a long talk, very soon, about making decisions
“I want inside you.” Sherlock grabbed the lube, then nibbled gently on John’s neck. “Will you ride me?”
“You’ve got Netflix”, said Bill defensively. “If you don’t want people using it, you shouldn’t leave it on. And I’m not watching pornos. I’m watching Grand Designs.”
“Ah ha! It’s not that easy;
himself, preparing for
“And alright, yes, it is very hot, thinking about you wearing it under your clothes, stretching yourself for my cock. Isn’t it… uncomfortable, though?”
I’m gay. I am marrying a
“Yeah, there’s a lot of incredible stuff around these days. Fairies aren’t the only magical thing around, but they’re harmless as long as they’re not threatened.”
“She’s half scared to death. And don’t tell me
“That
“I think you’ve been promoted as well. Something about clearances, I think. I wasn’t really listening.”
“The thought
“I freely admit that mechanics, or mad science, or
what you’d write for your blog, just… just write your
“You have to tell the truth because you’re a policeman, don’t you?”
“Mycroft, I know good-and-well what you do for a living. Sometimes, somebody’s got to make the hard choices. That’s one of the things that tells me you’re a good man. Somebody’s gotta be the one to carry the secrets. That’s your job, and you do it well. You carry a lotta weight on your shoulders, and you do it with style. Do you not get that I trust you, the way you trust me?”
“I know what happened. Fenris told me.” She sat beside him, quietly reaching out to take his hand. “You didn’t do anything wrong.”
“I don’t
“Some things are worth waiting for.” John took off his shirt with deliberate slowness, enjoying the impatient little noises Sherlock was making. He found it to be adorably arousing. It felt good, knowing the man he loved was so incredibly hot for him. He tossed the last of his clothing into the chair and climbed into bed, to be immediately pounced on.
"sherlock!" john whined as he looked at the detective, his mouth falling open as his back arched, coming all over his chest.
john looked back at his friend. "do you think you will?"
"bourbon would be better." sherlock went to the fridge. he opened it, taking out the small plate of fudge that had a piece of paper with his name on it. mrs. watson had set some aside for him. he took it out, setting it on the table as he took the saran wrap off the plate, taking a square of the peanut butter fudge and popping it into his mouth, forgetting how good it was.
“Can I?”
"john left his, thong, in my room!"
“I’ve got to get a list started. Let me know when you leave Friday.”
john raised a brow. "stuff, huh?"
"of course." mrs. watson smiled.
“Love, I’m fine.” Joan insisted.
Sherlock looked up at John, smiling. “I’m not too bad now, right?”
sherlock sighed, taking john's hand off his cheek and holding it, looking down at their hands. "what will happen when we both go back to school?" he looked up at john. "you'll see james again and realize how much he meant to you and fall for him again."
john unscrewed the cap and took a riff, gagging. "oh my god." he coughed, holding it out. "smell it."
John chuckled. “No, it doesn’t.” he stood up. “C’mon, I’ve been craving lemon bars since Monday.”
“That suits him. Henry.”
“Yea, yea.”
"what does sholto think of it?"
"w-what are you doing?" sherlock stammered.
“Of course! When are you planning on making the trip?”
"why not?"
john chuckled. "it's fine, sherlock." he wiped his mouth.
when sherlock was checking out, he got odd stares from the woman behind the register. it was a small town and everyone knew everyone. god knows some one would tell his mother that he was seen buying condoms and lube new year's eve. he was handed his bag and sherlock fled out, not wasting anytime to get to his father's truck. the snow had picked up and there was a thin layer on the road, but he just drove slower. thank god his father let him use his truck because there was no way his car would've been able to make it.
“Sherlock! What a pleasant surprise.”
“Look at you with him,” Sylvia said in awe.
"what?" john asked, looking down at his outfit. a green leotard with his shorts. there was nothing wrong with that. "it's fine." he said, tossing his bag down then bending over it, smirking as he saw sherlock starting at him in the mirror.
“Family name,” Harold said with a smile.
john sniffled, shrugging. "i'm not sure."
it's been six days since sherlock spoke to john and as far as sherlock knows, john at sholto we're still together. sherlock constantly checked john's profiles, seeing that all of his bios still had sholto's name in them. so either they worked it out or they broke up, but john cant let go. either way, sherlock should just stop thinking about john in general because their friendship was over.
"it's alright." sherlock said. the fight was about john going out to lunch with sherlock. he knew it just by the way john checked his phone once he sat down, clearing the text he had received then set his phone on his coat. "i didn't know if you wanted sweet tea or coffee, so i didn't order a drink for you." sherlock said.
he positioned himself between john's legs, pushing in slowly, moaning at the tight heat that swallowed him right up. he leaned over john once he was in balls deep, staying like that for a second so they both could get comfortable.
"john." sherlock breathed, his chest heaving as he knew what was about to happen and that's he would explode like a balloon.
"i hope that's true to because if not, we're screwed." he huffed out laugh.
"what?" john asked as he stopped all his motions.
Sherlock kissed each of his fists, hearing the back door close and his parents speaking. He walked backwards into the sitting area, out of the view of his parents, feeling his chest start to tighten.
Sherlock took him, lifting him up in the air playfully before pressing a kiss to his cheek and holding him. Ben giggled, jabbering nonsense.
john came hard, his hips thrusting into the detective's and as it milked him out. he brought himself back up, panting heavily as he put a stop to sherlock's motions. he got out of sherlock's lap and onto his knees, watching the detective's eyes roll into the back of his head as he took his cock into his mouth, instantly swallowing it down. he felt sherlock tense up under him, shouting as his hips jerked into john's mouth, causing him to gag.
John laughed softly. “He’s getting something special, he’ll be right in.”
"so you decide to relive that trauma every time you got a hard on?"
"thinking about your grandfather nasty bell end?"
"hey," sherlock said with a smile as he set the bag down, shrugging off his coat.
sherlock gasped at the cool liquid against his cock, but pushed into it, thrusting into the fist of the rugby captain.
"i want to go home."
sherlock looked at john. "...stuff."
john had left in a hurry on the phone with sholto and sherlock could hear him yelling from the other end. john thanked sherlock then walked out quickly as he put on his jacket. sherlock sink into the booth some, waiting for henry to come by so he could get the check and his father's food before he headed out.
John walked in first, giving a reassuring smile before standing next to Sherlock as his parents walked in, his mother freezing at the sight of her son holding a baby.
“You’re having a contraction right now and the last one was only twenty minutes ago.”
“Just like him, yes you are.” Harold took the small hand off his nose, then the small hand wrapped around his finger.
sherlock could see it in john's eyes. he's been crying. there were bags under his eyes and there was stubble growing. him and sholto definitely broke up. john wasn't even caring about his appearance. his button up under his sweater wasn't tucked in, his cuffs weren't buttoned in the second hole and he was picking at his nails again.
“I love you, too.” John gave Sherlock a chaste kiss. “I’m starved, let’s go.” he pulled Sherlock out of the room by his wrist.
sherlock jerked his hips.
Harold took the boy, giving him a bright smile. “Hello there, Ben. You remind me of your father at this age, are you just like him?”
it felt right. they were both pieces of a puzzle. a five hundred pieced puzzle and it only took them nineteen years to find the last two missing pieces. each other.
“She expects us Friday evening and she’s making your favorite dinner.”
john moved in first, giving sherlock a chaste kiss. he pulled away and giggled softly, a smile glued onto his face.
"so perfect." sherlock hummed, cupping john's cheek. "i just want to take a picture. can i do it, john?" he tilted his head back, letting out a loud moan as john swallowed him down. "fuck, baby."
sherlock smiled to himself as he felt john's breathing slow down and his body relax against his. this is all he's ever wanted and hopefully it will last because this is great. he was in love with the man he's always wanted.
Friday afternoon, Sherlock packed up the car, said goodbye to Mrs. Hudson and got Ben into the car without a fuss. He drove to the clinic, nervousness filling his body as he thought about what would happen in a few hours. When he arrived at the clinic, he pulled to the curb where John was standing and put the car in park, getting out.
john was throbbing in his shorts, curling his toes as he felt sherlock's hot breath against him and the hands on his thighs were just driving him insane. "please, sherlock!" he whined, bucking his hips up.
"i got in." john said with a smile. "it's the nursing program, but i'll have to do four years there because i haven't started my nursing classes yet."
"do you want me, john?" the man panted.
john nodded, slowly pulling off the toy before scrambling to get in sherlock's lap. he leaned down and kissed the detective roughly as he reached under him, grabbing the cock of man, lining it up before sinking down, the member slipping right into him.
Sherlock took her hand, guiding her to the landing, picking up the overnight bag on the way out.
"what else do you have to do on a friday night?"
john grinned down at his phone, going into his bedroom and sitting in front of his full length mirror. he pulled the strings of the thong out more as he spread his legs, adjusting the hem of his shorts. he snapped another picture and sent it, becoming satisfied about his experiment.
sherlock looked at the goods on the table, snatching a few ginger snaps and putting them on his plate.
“What’s wrong, bud?” he asked softly, lifting him out of the crib. “Not sleeping well?”
"you two haven't seen each other since summer. the least you could do is stop by and saw hello to dorothy and henry."
"those band kids were pissed," john laughed. "i swear i thought they were going to gang up on me."
john moaned softly, curling his toes as he started to think about the same thing. he got onto his stomach, pulling his shorts off and perked his ass into the hair, spreading his knees a bit. he let his hard cock hang out as he managed to get a picture, sending it to sherlock.
john looked out his window and saw sherlock sitting in his car, looking at him. "i'm not doing this." he sniffled, looking at his steering wheel. "you went out to a bar and didn't tell me. i found out because of the shit chris posted. so i don't want to hear it. i went out to lunch with my best friend. get your head out of your ass, james." john said then hung up, looking over at sherlock again.
Ben babbled in his nonsense, reaching for his father’s face.
"i love you, too." john muttered into sherlock's skin, kissing the skin again.
after the squats they did body builders with the kettlebells until john got tired of them and needed a breather. once he finished, they started core. sherlock kneeled beside john and watched him do elbow to knee crunches, calling out the numbers and telling him to go faster. then sherlock made him do an excessive amount of different crunches, agreeing to letting john do a minute plank for another break.
Ben hummed nonsense as he reached for his father’s nose.
Sherlock smiled, looking down at their son. “Henry Scott Holmes.”
john whined. "anything. please." he breathed.
sherlock shook his head. "i want to get out of this place as soon as i can." he picked up his glass, taking a sip of his water. he wanted to get away from his friend. away from the his shitty hometown. somewhere else where no one could contact him and he could be alone with his work. maybe iceland. sherlock's always been attracted to iceland.
"i'm here for you, sherlock. if you need anything, give me a call." sherlock nodded, feeling a bit better.
"i know. now go home." rudy turned and walked back to his suv.
John set the bib on the table by Sherlock before going to the counter and grabbing the avocado that sat in a bowl of various fruits and veggies.
"says it's annoying." john added as he grabbed the remote. he closed the curtains, blocking out the sun reflecting onto the tv before sitting down next to his friend.
john pulled his knees to his chest, holding himself as he put his knees between his head. "james cheated on me."
sherlock moaned softly, pushing his cock into the touch. "fuck yes." he breathed then sat back, watching the boy sit up and get on his knees. he pulled his shorts and boxers down, watching his cock spring free then a hand wrap around it.
"please!"
"god, mr. runyan was pissed. never seen him so hot headed before." sherlock laughed. "ms. wyciffle was horrified. oh my god i still remember her face."
greg's grin grew wider as he shoved the thong into sherlock's chest. "give them back, obviously." he said and gave sherlock a wink before walking back out to the kitchen.
“Good. He went down a lot better today than yesterday.”
"put your bag down and sit on the bed."
“It’s hard not to be.” Sherlock smiled softly at his son. He looked over at his father who stood with a smile glued on his face, eyes fixed on his grandson. “Do you want to hold him, dad?”
"amen." came the voices around the table.
“Hi, mum. How’re you? How’s dad?”
but then it happened.
"it's meatloaf, not mashed potatoes, son." mr holmes said as he walked over to the fridge.
“I know, but we never told them about anything. I didn’t tell them anything.”
john relaxed into sherlock, sobbing. he calmed down after a few minutes, keeping his arms wrapped around sherlock's waist, not wanting the moment to end.
john turned onto his side. "i'm curious."
by the time sherlock got home, it was past dinner time, but his mom made a plate for him and left it in the microwave, allowing him to eat once he said his hellos.
"but y'all have been friends since you were in diapers."
john pulled away first, needing a breath of air. he smiled up at his friend, wanting to stay like this forever.
"you're all i have." he sniffled, wiping his face with the sleeves of his sweater. he brought his hands down from his face and gave sherlock that look. the look that john gave him the first time him james got into a huge fight. his expression was soft, but his eyes were wide and asking for help. that was one thing john never did. he hated admitting he needed help. he thought it made him weak and venerable.
sherlock lay in bed with his blanket to his chin as he smiled at his phone.
"things change." sherlock set his plate out to dry. "we've grown apart. it happens. night, dad." sherlock said then walked out of the kitchen, walking through the hall then going upstairs and locking himself in his room.
"we need to get down there." sherlock gently traced john's cheek bone with his thumb, admiring the way the tanned skin looked against his pale tone.
sherlock sat up, hitting the chat bubble and typing in an excuse that he was about to get in the shower. a shower actually sounded nice right now. he was all sticky and gross from the flight and normally a shower relaxed him when he was stressed.
"sherlock, that was your first blow job. i didn't expect you to last long." john climbed onto the bed, laying behind where sherlock sat.
"...stuff."
sherlock nodded. "i know, baby. just hold on." sherlock removed his fingers, grabbing the condom that he set on the bed. he ripped it open with his teeth, pulling it out of the wrapper quickly then rolling it onto his cock, grabbing the lube.
john looked at his friend. "that cock of yours, i didn't expect. it's one hell of a prick."
“Yea.”
john smiled at sherlock, huffing out a laugh. "you are such a dork."
sherlock smirked and chuckled, pushing john's chin up with his thumb and kissing his neck, biting the skin teasingly. "you don't deserve me. not after all that teasing." he said then gently bit the skin underneath john's ear, making him yelp softly.
“Henry Scott Holmes.”
Joan came out from their bedroom, standing in the kitchen. “I am pos- ahh!” she groaned with pain, bracing herself against the kitchen table. “Fucking hell!” she exclaimed, looking down at the floor as her water broke.
"hey, uncle rudy."
the cold stung sherlock's face as he walked out of the restaurant, walking around the building to where he parked his car, getting in. he put the styrofoam box in the passenger seat then started the car, turning the heat up. he looked out the passenger side window and saw john sitting in his mother's suv, so frustrated he was almost in tears. a part of sherlock wanted to get out and go and comfort his friend, but the other part just wanted to let him deal with it and drive away.
"thanks henry." he gave the waiter a smile.
"james hates the movie elf." john said as he put the dvd into the player.
sherlock laughed, the rest of the room laughing with him. his father stood and gave him a hug, patting him on the back. he pulled away, a smile still plastered on his face. "proud of ya. takes a lot of guts to come out. some i may never have."
john attempted to say something, but all that came out was a moan. he squeezed his eyes shut and held back his orgasm. "yes! i feel used like the dirty cock slut i am!" he bit down on his lip, hard. "can i come?" he begged.
the captain gave a shrug. "your company is nice."
"gavin!" he yelled. "you need to come in here right bloody now! it's an emergency!"
Sherlock nodded. “I think so.”
“It didn’t come up? Did you get cold feet?”
“stay right here. nice and pretty for me then i’ll fuck you, yeah?” he asked in the blond’s ear, giving his ass a slight squeeze.
Ben reached for his grandfather’s nose, holding it.
john smirked down at the phone. one word response was enough to tell john that sherlock was very flustered. he walked back into the bathroom and pulled his shorts down some more, sitting on the counter and adjusting the straps of his thong, taking a picture once he was satisfied.
Tears started to prick at the corners of her eyes. She wasn’t ready to have a baby. Especially one that shared the same genes as the psychopathic man that attempted to kill her now fiance, tormented them for years and was a pathological liar. However, Joan always wanted to be a mom. She wanted to have a family. She was always so sure of it, but now, she was worried that her son would turn out to be like his father.
sherlock jerked roughly, grabbing the bed sheets and arching his back as he let out a moan, not being able to control his release and letting his load out in john's mouth.
“almost...” sherlock groaned, giving a few more powerful thrusts before coming deep inside the boy. he gave a few more pleasure thrusts, hearing the boy sigh and giggle softly before he pulled out.
"you're a major cunt sometimes, ya know that?" john asked. he took a second to take a swig of his coffee. "but you're my best friend and i haven't seen you in months so i'll drop the topic."
“So what we are going to do now is go to the hospital and have a beautiful baby boy.”
sherlock nodded. "take it, baby. take it all."
The baby quieted his whines, finding comfort in his father.
it was normal for friends to sit like this. right? sherlock wasn't sure. him and john never sat together like this before. ever. then those fingertips ran over his knee and hesitantly the palm rested on his knee. this was not normal. all the warnings and sirens were going off in sherlock's mind, but sherlock was frozen. he was remembering how it felt to be touched like that because it would most likely never happen again. his head turned and he looked at his friend who was looking at him.
“Well, we’ll have to tell her Friday. No more putting it off.”
john took it and peeked into the bag. "oh!" he said cheerfully. "it's my bright pink one! i thought i had lost it forever!" he said as he looked up at sherlock with i giant smile. "thank you so much, sherlock! i'd let you in for tea, but i really have to finish that chemistry project! see ya around!" he said and waved at sherlock before turning around and stepping back inside.
"would you like to lead us in prayer, dorothy?" mrs. holmes asked mrs. watson.
“Sherlock, dear?” His mother’s voice asked.
"chicken noodle soup please. with extra crackers."
"wear you out?" john panted with a grin.
sherlock looked up, locking eyes with john. the blond gave him a smile and a thumbs up before backing out of his spot then driving out of the parking lot. sherlock set his phone into the cup holder and sighed. he may have just made a mistake.
john got up from his bed, standing in front of sherlock. "has sherlock holmes ever masturbated?"
“You’re not going to be. You’re going to be the best damn mother a child could ask for, alright?”
"james is apologizing for the way he's been acting, but i'm still pissed about last night." john said as he started to type again. "and today for him overreacting and making me feel like a piece of shit." he sent the text then set his phone down, looking at his friend.
“Of some kind. Where’s Harold?”
john threw his head back, his hand tightening in the curls as his mouth fell wide open. "right there! oh fuck, fuck, again, do it again!" his other hand fell to sherlock's shoulder blade, digging into the soft flesh as sherlock kept that angle.
“And that’s alright. Your parents will be understanding of that, they’re used to you not telling them things. Just like us dating, or our engagement.”
john scratched the back of his head. "i plan on transferring to john hopkins after this year."
“John!” Mrs. Holmes exclaimed, going to hug her son in law.
“That wasn’t so bad,” John said as he sat next to his husband.
“You alright?”
"come on, baby," sherlock hummed. "start riding it then you can have my cock." he let his cock go, letting it hang there, a few centimeters away from the doctor's lips.
"look at you, eating it up." sherlock said darkly as he pushed the toy into the doctor slowly, watching it go into him as far as it could. "obviously is not as good as the real thing." he said and pulled the toy completely out out of john.
john grinned, keeping his pace as he took the tip of the man's cock in his mouth, sucking on it. he looked up at the detective, seeing that he was looking down at him, his mouth open partly.
"it's your decision. not mine." rudy said, patting shelrock's forearm. he turned and took the dish of green beans that was being passed down.
“Just take a deep breath, it’ll be alright.”
“We adopted him last month.” Sherlock stepped closer to his parents, his mother still in shock as she looked in between her son and her grandson. “Benjamin William Holmes.”
“A gift perhaps?”
"does it involve lotion and your left hand?"
“That’s okay.” He adjusted the mirror so he could see Ben in the backseat who was already asleep. He put the car in drive, placing a hand on Sherlock’s thigh as he drove away.
"get yourself some desert, son." mr. holmes said before stuffing his mouth with a fork full of carrot cake. "get some meat on them bones."
sherlock sat on his knees between john's legs, looking down at the rugby captain who was giving him an assuring look. sherlock took his cock in hand, pushing into john slowly, groaning at the tight heat that was engulfing his cock.
henry nodded. "does your dad want fries or coleslaw?" he asked as he wrote it down on the order pad.
john stood, taking a seat in the brunet's lap, gaining eye contact with him. "would you like to kiss me, sherlock?"
later the two sat soaking in the warmth of the tub. john rested against sherlock's chest, almost falling asleep because of how worn out he was.
sherlock relaxed in his seat as his flight got delayed for two hours. he took his phone out of his pocket and decided to call his mom, telling he'd be in later than planned.
The following week, they were at the Yard following up on a previous case with Lestrade when Joan had gotten her first contraction. She told the two women in the room with her she was fine and it was just a small contraction and there was still plenty of time before she was actually going into labor.
john looked down, taking both of sherlock's hands in his, tangling their fingers together. "how long?" he looked up at his friend.
john was moaning into the gym floor, scratching at the floor with his blunt nails. “fuck..!” he moaned out the second sherlock angled his hips and hit his prostate. “yes, right there!” he moaned desperately.
sherlock's hand wrapped around the aching cock. "come for me baby." he said as he pumped his cock, still thrusting into the doctor.
john's smirk grew wider as he cupped the back of the trainer's neck, pulling him in for a kiss. sherlock kissed back for a few seconds before john pulled way, leaning back on his elbow. "i've been watching the way you look at me." he said with a smirk, watching sherlock turn red.
"i'm ready. please, sherlock, i'm ready."
john bit his lip, watching the brunet above him as he closed his eyes and moved his hips. he knew what he was thinking about and he couldn't wait to fulfill the fantasy.
john nodded, fixing his grip on the handle before starting. he watched sherlock's eyes in the mirror flick from his posture down to his ass and he smirked, deciding to give sherlock a small show.
he pulled his face out of his pillow, starring at the darkness of his room, regretting coming home this early. he should've taken the chem lab shifts, but his mother insisted that he should come down to spend more time with family and she bought his plane tickets, so he couldn't say no. he really wanted to. he knew that john would be all up in his business, trying to get him to talk, but if sherlock saw john in person his heart would probably snap in two and then his entire body. it was unhealthy the way he felt towards his best friend. it was unhealthy to be in love with another boy. from what sherlock learned in sunday school, he'd be hated if he was gay. he'd be thrown out of his house and disowned. his best friend would disown him too. call him a freak and perverted for ever having a crush on him.
“Smells lovely. Let’s show your dad, yea?” Sherlock walked over to John, passing Ben off to him.
"both."
"well james is annoying." sherlock leaned forward, grabbing his mug and john's. "elf is amazing."
"relax, sherlock." john said softly, cupping the brunet's cheeks as he leaned in, pressing a soft kiss to the virgins lips. he pulled away and looked at sherlock who was completely frozen. his eyes were shut and john could tell that his beautiful mind was racing about what was going on.
sherlock got back from the yard and set the takeaway he picked up on the kitchen table, hearing the noises from the bedroom. "john?" he frowned as he walked to the bedroom. he pushed open the bedroom door and saw john laying on the bed with his legs spread and a flesh colored dildo thrusting in and out of him at a quick pace.
sherlock watched john, instantly noticing the red thong sticking out above his jeans. "ehum... b-bye." he stammered, feeling his jeans get tight around his groin." he sighed and adjusted himself before hurrying back to his car.
“Just like his dad,” John said. He let Ben stand in his lap, holding him up. He pushed his mug and plate out of reach of Ben.
rudy patted sherlock's shoulder. "it's not healthy to be upset. confront your problems. get it off your chest."
"after you left with out saying goodbye."
“I’ve got sweets ready in the kitchen,” Sylvia said, “And just got dinner started.”
sherlock walked back to his bed, getting in beside the blond, pulling the sheets over them and getting settled before he answered. "that we stay together. yours?"
sherlock knew john's boyfriend's name. never left his head. he was jealous of him. jealous that he got what sherlock has always wanted. what he's been in love with since sophomore year of high school. sherlock called himself pathetic and set his phone back down, tilting his head back and closing his eyes, ignoring the vibrations from his phone.
sherlock moved john's hand away from the toy and pulled it out, pushing it back into the doctor. "of course you did. you're a fucking cock slut."
"yes, yes. you did so good, sherlock." john moaned as he jerked himself off.
John set the bags down. “Hi, Sylvia,” he said as he hugged her.
“I know, it’s just hard over the phone. I can’t read her.”
john pulled off and got taken by surprise when sherlock pushed him back and flipped him over, holding onto his hips.
“Don’t be too long,” Sylvia said before following after her husband.
"your parents were pissed," john laughed softly.
“you dirty little thing.”
"john," sherlock whined.
"i love you." his mother said. she pulled away. "and we still love you the same. nothing will change, but we will be expecting a nice boy to come home with you next christmas."
"i'm gay." sherlock said, watching his uncle smile at him.
sherlock slumped into his seat, letting out a huff. he looked at the ceiling, thinking if he should make up an excuse or actually out in the effort to see john. they could go out for lunch. sherlock remembered his mom was going shopping with mrs. watson and his father was out working on god knows what. he's always doing something.
sherlock put the oven mitt on again, picking the pie up then carrying it carefully to the dining room. everyone started to pile into the dining room, standing behind their seats as mr. holmes cut the ham. sherlock set the pie next to the pumpkin one, leaving the mitt under it so it didn't burn the table cloth. he went to the empty seat at the corner of the table next to his uncle and stood.
sherlock stepped back, wiping his face. "because i was never allowed to have you, and- and now i am and i just don't think it's true."
"just don't tell anyone. please. i haven't exactly, ya know."
sherlock put his hand on the hook where his coat was. "what?" he turned and saw john standing there, tears streaming down his face. sherlock felt his heart break.
sherlock moved john's hand out of the way, replacing it with his own. "come for me, john."
“Out in the garden messing with his plants. I’ll go fetch him,” she said then hurried off into the kitchen.
sherlock grinned and reached into his back pocket, taking out his phone. "take it back, baby."
"yes, yes. god yes." sherlock leaned down and kissed john hard and opened mouthed, grabbing the lube. he squeezed some lube onto his fingers then pushed a single one into the blond underneath him, causing him to pull away from the kiss and moan.
"the summer after sophomore year." the space between them became a bit smaller. "you?"
he didn't realize that he was speeding until the blue lights appeared behind him. he pulled to the side of the road, putting his car in park as he reached over to his glove department, taking out the registration for his car. he looked into his side mirror to see the officer walking to his car and it wasn't just a regular officer, it was his uncle. he sighed and rolled down his window, smiling.
john moaned softly, pressing his knees together. "please." he begged.
“No.” Sherlock rested his head on John’s shoulder, feeling the hand comb through his hair. “Thank you, for everything.”
"no it's fine, i like it." john pressed his foot against sherlock's hip. "i like seeing you drool over the way my ass looks. i can see your boner even if you desperately try to hide it."
sherlock kneeled onto the bed, getting in between john's thighs, leaning over and kissing him. he let his hips relax, his clothed cock rubbing against john's, causing a soft noise escape the blond's throat. sherlock needed to hear it again, louder, so he grinded against the boy underneath him, earning a louder moan and he pulled away from the kiss, pressing his thumb to the bottom of john's chin and pushing his head up, kissing his neck. john's legs locked around his hips as he did that, pulling him flush against him again.
“Yea.” John turned back to the boy. “You’re daddy is starving,” he said as he walked into the kitchen. “Are you hungry?” he asked playfully. “Is Ben a hungry boy?”
sherlock pushed the toy into john in one easy motion, pulling it out quick. "you're so open." he said in amazement, looking down as he thrusted the toy into the boy again, pulling it right back out.
"i didn't hurt you, did i?" sherlock asked softly, kissing john's shoulder gently.
john set his phone down. "stuff?" he looked up at sherlock. "the biggest dork in all of england has 'stuff' to do on a friday night?"
“He turned six months last week.” He watched his mother smile at her grandson, listening to her speaking to him softly.
sherlock hummed, pushing all the way in. “greedy little thing. just took me right it.” he said as he pulled out, thrusting right back in as he watched john squeeze his eyes shut and his mouth fall open.
“He’s going to want to spend more time with them than us,” John said.
greg laughed softly, taking it from sherlock. "oh man.. who knew watson wore shit like this!" he chuckled as he looked at them in amazement. "how does he fit in these anyways?" he asked with a grin.
john placed his hands on sherlock's knees, lifting himself up then going back down, starting a slow pace, soft noises escaping his lips. he kept eye contact with the detective, watching his eyes become darker as his hands slid down his thighs. "can i have it?" john asked, licking his lips.
Sherlock nodded, unbuckling.
"then why am i here?"
john nodded. "he went to a bar last night. but he didn't tell me." he shook his head. "it's whatever, but he's really been pissing me off."
Sherlock hung up, going down in a squat and putting his face in his knees, ruffling his hair before he stood back up, inhaling deeply as the pit feeling started to go away. He took a seat in his chair, dialing John’s number then putting the phone to his ear.
"and you know i didn't mean what i said, right? i would never call you a whore."
it came to sherlock after a bit of experimenting, knowing that john liked it when he rolled his hips and angled his hips just the right way and hit his sweet spot. soon, it became painful for sherlock, not wanting the moment to end so fast and for john to think of him as someone who could only last five minutes in bed.
"i'm not gonna tell your parents because they're under enough stress about about brother not coming home. i'm letting you off with a warning. but, you have to go back home and calm down." he handed sherlock his car registration and license back.
john sat up, looking down at the helpless brunet. "what does?"
sherlock’s fist quickened as he thought about john’s perfect ass, sticking up in the air as he wore the thong. he thought about fucking him in the thong, watching it get destroyed as he pulled and bit at it.
"hmm?" john unbutton the first few buttons of sherlock's shirt, pushing the collar back.
sherlock's tongue darted out and he quickly licked his lips, nodding. "only ones."
sherlock sat in the local small town restaurant, sitting in a booth as he waited for john to arrive. the usual lunch rush was buzzing around him as he squished his straw wrapper between his fingers before flicking it into the booth across him. he slouched into the cushion behind him as he looked at his watch, seeing it was ten after noon. he sighed and took his phone out of his pocket, seeing a text from john.
sherlock sat up. "i guess i should leave now."
“What about Martin? After Mr. Hudson?”
sherlock pushed himself off the sofa, deciding sweatpants, a tee shirt a fuzzy socks isn't proper attire to reunite with his best friend. sherlock rolled his eyes at how gay that sounded in his head as he went upstairs. he went into his room, deciding it was time to unpack his suitcase and do laundry, so that's what he did to pass time.
John’s lips curled. “I haven’t heard this story.” he looked across the table at his husband who was now pouting.
“Sherlock Holmes, the heartless consulting detective,” John said as he snaked an arm around his husband’s waist, “Is an absolute softie when it comes to his son.”
"what can i get you john?"
"why do care?" john sniffled. "you left me. james left me." he looked up at sherlock. "my mother couldn't listen to me rant because she was too busy. too busy to listen to her own fucking son." he looked into his lap again. "i don't even know why i try anymore. james is ignoring me and you're out here, happy and carefree. and i thought people were my friends, but once i went to them with my problems, they ignored me." he started crying.
john stopped his hand, holding the base of sherlock's cock as he put it in his mouth again, bobbing his head, gagging every time the member hit the back of his throat.
the scent of mrs. watson's homemade cinnamon wax melts filled his nose and he felt at home. he toed his shoes off, putting them on the mat next to john's boots. he hung up his coat and scarf, looking around the house before walking upstairs silently. he turned right and went to the second door on his left, standing in the doorway of john's room, seeing him sitting on his bed, typing furiously on his phone.
"do you have to wear that?" sherlock asked as he watched john walk in wearing taunting shorts that were just enough to cover his butt.
“You did it,” Sherlock said softly, combing a hand through Joan’s sweat-soaked hair.
john lifted his head, his eyes meeting with the grey ones in front of him and he smiled with his lips. that smile that he got every time he looked at something he adored and sherlock couldn't resist to move in closer when the hand on his knee moved down some. his arm was on the back of the sofa as he held himself from closing the small gap between him and his best friend.
“You’re right.”
john pressed his face into the crook of the taller man's neck. "do we really?" he inhaled the scent of his body was and coffee beans.
sherlock nodded. "how do think everyone would feel if i came out during dessert?" he asked, careful his father didn't hear.
"we don't always have to study when you come over, sherlock." the blond responded, not looking up from his phone. "besides, the class is easy. the final won't be hard at all."
"please." john begged softly. sherlock turned back to his coat and took it off the hook, putting it on. guilt coated the anger inside him and he turned to john. "i can't be used. i'm your friend. not an object."
Sherlock paced in the living room as the phone rang, the pit feeling in his stomach getting worse. He stopped in his steps when the welcoming voice of his mother filled his ear.
there was chatter and laughter throughout the dinner. both families were smiling and laughing, sharing memories of past christmases or stories from back in the day when the adults were teens and what they did. sherlock found out that his father set a christmas tree on fire on accident because he plugged in bad christmas lights. and it wasn't just any old tree, is was his future wife's tree. that's why shelrock's grandparents were never that found of his father. durning dinner, sherlock caught glances of john looking at him, but he ignored them and looked some where else. his night was going good as he didn't want it to be ruined until he was going to ruin the night for everyone else. it wasn't his intention, but it's been eating him ever since he came out to his uncle and he just had to do it. he couldn't take the pressure of his greatest secret anymore.
Joan sniffled, nodding.
henry arrived with their food. "and i'll put that order in for your dad once y'all are finished." henry said to sherlock.
sherlock grinned, standing up and pulling his sweater off, tossing it before going to the bag. john sat up, taking his own tee shirt off as he watched sherlock open a box of condoms. he lay down, watching his pale boyfriend smirk at him saying, "best get those jeans off before i do it for you." he shot him a wink before turning back to the desk and opening a bottle of lube.
Sherlock pressed a kiss to John’s cheek. “Shall we eat?”
as they watched the movie, sherlock could've sworn john scooted a centimeter closer every few minutes until their thighs were touching. it wasn't like they sat this close before, but they were both a bit tipsy after drinking all their spiked hot chocolate. and the fact that all sherlock could think about was his best friend. being pinned down. moaning his name. sherlock subtlety moved a pillow into his lap, hugging it tightly. he lost focus in the movie and thought of many different things to get the topic of his mind change, but it refused. then john lay his head on shelrock's shoulder and he almost came right then and there in his pants.
“I know you don’t want to talk about what you did those years and I can understand that.  I’ve kept secrets from you about the war, at least I hope I have,” he smirked, “and it’s okay for you to keep things to yourself if that makes it easier for you-“
“Oh come on.  Just take the coal, go outside, and press the doorbell.  It’s all just for fun.”
The sound, the yell, which comes out of Sherlock’s throat doesn’t even sound human, John’s name ripped apart in his vocal cords, coming out shredded.  He sees John flinch at the sound of his voice, back going straight, recognition flaring thorough his spine.  And then the gun goes off.  Sherlock’s running full speed again now, the ache in his lungs and legs forgotten as he tries to make it to his friend’s body before it hits the ground.  He doesn’t make it in time and skids to the ground, hovering over the still body of one John Hamish Watson.  His hands are shaking, not from adrenaline, but from fear as he tries to decide whether to touch John or not.  It’s when his fingers flutter to John’s cheek that his brain finally catches up with him.
He waited patiently as John served the food and reached for his helping when John was done.  John pulled it away from him, so he reached for it again.  It moved out of his reach again and he looked up with a frown, only to see John staring at him, head slightly tilted to the side, brows drawn in concern, and lips slightly pursed.  Sherlock’s frown deepened at the obvious concern written all over John’s body.  He didn’t need the man’s concern, so he turned to go back to the sofa without his food.
“Who did you kill?”
“And surely you'll buy your pint cup!  And surely I'll buy mine!  And we'll take a cup o' kindness yet, for auld lang syne,” John finished and then together they sang, skipping over the chorus in favor of the main song.
“Any of them will work for what I want.”
It didn’t seem deep, and if he was correct, the bullet hadn’t even entered his skull.  In any case, there was a lot of blood, like all head wounds and he didn’t think twice before he ripped off his scarf, instead wrapping it around John’s head tightly, who let out of groan of pain from the cinching, but otherwise didn’t move.  He reached into his pocket to call an ambulance, only to find a text waiting for him.  Mycroft had already gotten an ambulance, and he put away the phone to focus all his attention on the bleeding man in front of him.  He pulled him up, enveloping him in his thin arms.  John seemed tiny to him and it was obvious he hadn’t been living well these past years.  Sherlock felt a pang of remorse, like a dagger twisting into his body, and he held John closer, lips pressed to the top of his head and not caring that he was being covered in blood.
They had moved the sofa over, scooting the arm chairs out of the way so they could sit on the sofa together, the TV moved out in front of them.  Right now, an hour away from midnight, it was boring.  Nothing but reporters talking away about how beautiful the lights were this year.  Basically the same things they said every year.  John sighed and tipped back the glass, finishing the wine in his glass before pouring himself another.  He could feel Sherlock’s gaze on him, but he chose to ignore it, already taking a sip from his glass.  They talked a little, trying to catch up even more on what they had done during the past few years without each other.  John had to admit that Sherlock’s stories were a lot more riveting than his own, full of failed dating attempts and yelling at the grocery store machines again, but at least they made Sherlock smile.  He had almost forgotten how much he loved Sherlock’s smile.
“Oh course I’m going to-“ He frowned and reached for his napkin, wiping off his hand, sending Sherlock a glare the entire time.  The detective just smiled cheekily back at him, chewing on his food.  They continued eating for a while when John finally decided to ask the question he had wanted to know the answer to since they had arrived at the restaurant.
He shifted, uncomfortable under the constant gaze, “Can I do something for you, Sherlock?”
“That was quite interesting.  And delishious,” John groaned, stretching his back as Sherlock flagged down a cab, “We should go there again sometime.”
John held out his hand, “All right, okay.  You’re socially awkward, I get it.  But this is something you could have just told me.  Though I’m a little confused as to why you’ve developed these feelings for me.  I thought you were married to you work?”
“And what is that?”
“Then good,” John shrugged, giving his arm a tug.
“Yes?”
“Oh, no,” Sherlock sat up straighter, “No.  Nothing like that, I didn’t mean for it to come out that way.”
That got John’s interest, “You said that earlier, that whatever I order would work for what you wanted.  What did you mean by that?”
“Look, I just didn’t feel like it after the fall, all right?  Happy now that your curiosity has been fed?”  John angrily shot back the rest of his tea and slammed down his newspaper before storming into the kitchen to clean out his teacup.  Sherlock watched him run the cup under the tap furiously as though it had done the damage.  He set it back down as hard as he could without chipping the china before going and grabbing his coat from where it hung on the rack.
Often, in the morning, John would wake up to Sherlock gone, his side of the bed cold as though he had never lain there that night.  But, John knew he had been there.  He always knew.  And, on rare occasions, and times between cases, he would wake up to find himself snuggled up to a sleeping Sherlock, right where he belonged.
John looked up as they stopped outside of the building, “The soul of Eritrean cuisine?  I’ve never even heard of Eritrea.”
Sherlock decided to amuse the doctor that much, “Mosob.”
“It was simple, really.  You ordered a cocktail, so tea was out of the question, so the middle two on both menus are out.  You’d rather have meat, so now the entire vegetarian menu is forgotten.  So, what remains is the plain one, and the one with dessert.  You’re not overly fond of lamb, which the first one has, and, you figure that, since I’m paying for it, you might as well go all the way.  So, the Adi K’eyih selection.  The only question now is what you’re going for with the dessert.”
John leaned back in his seat, “Were you ever going to tell me?
since auld lang syne.  And there's a hand my trusty friend!  And give us a hand o' thine !  And we'll take a right good-will draught, for auld lang syne.”
“No, John.  It’s the name for what I want to try.  We’re already eating off the same plate, so I might as well try this.”  John watched as he ripped off a piece of injera and scooped up some of the food, but instead of eating it, he held it out for John.  He looked down at the food held out for him, then up at Sherlock as though a third eye had suddenly decided to start emerge on the man’s forehead.
Sherlock’s gaze seemed to pierce through him, “You’ll find out later.”
He got the text halfway back home, his cellphone vibrating in his coat pocket.  For half a second he decided to ignore it, let his brother simmer on the other end, but decided to pull it out when he knew his brother would only be texting him at this point if he had reason behind it.
“You mean to tell me Santa isn’t real, Sherlock?  No wonder everyone hates you,” By the harsh intake of breath, he knew that was the wrong thing to say, “Did you know that Sally still talks about you.  I’ve never wanted to punch a woman as much as I’ve wanted to punch her.  I always believe in you, you know.”
“I guess I’m not getting that miracle I asked for, huh?”  He let out a hollow laugh, “Though I suppose I should have seen that coming.  You always were such a selfish git, leaving me like this, going off on your own.  You probably thought you had gone where I couldn’t follow for years to come, but you were wrong,” he tugged an object out of his jacket pocket and his body seemed to grow lighter as he held it in his hands, feeling the weight of it, “Don’t worry, Sherlock, I’m going to come follow you again.”
“If you want to,” He was studying the table now as though it was the most interesting piece of furniture he had ever laid eyes on.  John quirked an eyebrow and mimicked Sherlock’s earlier move, holding it out for Sherlock.  The man looked up and leaned forward, taking the food into his mouth.  John felt Sherlock’s lips brush against his fingers and this time it was his turn to blush, almost dropping the handful, but he bit down on his bottom lip until Sherlock had the food under control in his own mouth.  John moved his hand away and cleaned it off on his napkin.  As he moved the fabric over the digits, he remembered quite clearly that Sherlock hadn’t cleaned his hand off after he had done his.  He glanced up at the detective, but his attention was already elsewhere, absently chewing away.
John smiled and shook his head, “That’s amazing.  May I ask why you didn’t just order from the beginning, then?  Why make me look it all over?”
He awoke to a cold bed at two AM and rolled over to make sure Sherlock just wasn’t sitting in the chair with Hamish, but he wasn’t there and Hamish’s cries hadn’t woken him up, so that hadn’t been why Sherlock had left.  John sat up with a yawn and rubbed at his eyes before getting up to investigate where his husband had gone off to.  Years ago, John wouldn’t have even bothered getting up if he woke up alone in the middle of the night, knowing Sherlock was off doing some experiment in the kitchen that John knew he wanted no part of at that time of night.  But, as their time as a couple progressed, the more time Sherlock spent in bed, deciding that his time with John, seeping up his warmth, was better and more important than any experiment he could come up with.  So to wake up alone without a crying child for them to tend to was a little more than strange.  John padded softly up the stairs to his old bedroom, letting out a soft sigh as he recognized Sherlock looming over the cot, low lighting from the lamp making his cheekbones stand out ever more than usual.
Only a few bites in and he was already starting to get his right hand a mess.  He glanced up at Sherlock and quirked at the man as he noticed that only his fingertips were turning the color of their food, coated in sauce.  The rest of his hand was immaculate.  As always.  He frowned and picked up another little piece of meat, the chicken dish and popped it into his mouth.
“Adi K’eyih set.”  Sherlock finished for him.  John blinked in surprise and handed over his menu as Sherlock held up his.  He waited for her to be far enough away before he hissed.
Sherlock quickly changed back to how he had been before, hardly ever eating or sleeping, and John seemed to take comfort in it for a while until his basic doctor skills started back up and he pestered Sherlock to do a little bit of both.  Though he never really succeeded in getting Sherlock to comply to his wishes, but smiled with a shake of his head all the same.  Sometimes, during cases, when John was sleeping, Sherlock would climb into bed behind him, but never slept.  John would roll over in his sleep, instinctively nosing toward Sherlock’s warmth until he as pressed up against Sherlock’s chest, the younger man’s arms wrapped around him.  And while John slept on, folded up next to Sherlock, the detective’s mind would spin through deductions and facts.
“Should old acquaintance be forgot, and old lang syne?”
Their chest bumped against the other’s.  John had to tip his head back to look at Sherlock, who had to look down.  But they were both smiling and that, in the end, excused the awkward head positions.
“Better than this alternative.  I may as well have died that day.”
“But you eat there for free, you arse!”  John tried to sound annoyed, but he couldn’t stop the smile from spreading on his face and the laughter in his voice.
So New Years Eve arrived and they sat around the flat with no plans.  Mrs. Hudson had left earlier to spend the night with Mrs. Turner next door, so the two had the building to themselves.  As she had left, she had told John to keep an eye on Sherlock and make sure he didn’t do anything dangerous.  She might as well have told John to teach Sherlock how to not be an annoying git most of the time.  They were well stocked up on everything they would need for the celebration, or what small one they would have.  John had already broke out the champagne and wine, slowly downing his third glass.  Sherlock had barely started his first.
“Of course.  That’s the best time to eat because then I’m not eating a meal alone.”
“Maybe.”
It had been three years now exactly and John found himself where he always was on this day, crouched down in front of Sherlock’s gravestone, fingers pressed against the dark stone.  He let his fingers trace over the words lightly, feeling the engravings under his fingertips before letting them stop on the “S” of his first name.  He never cried he, hadn’t cried in years, but his body was heavy and the sky was dark, promising rain and when he let the first tear roll down his cheek, his body shuddered as a sad gasp left his mouth.
“I can do that,” Sherlock tightened his grip around John’s wrist and tugged, glad when John followed willingly.  But it dissolved when he twisted his wrist out of Sherlock’s grasp.  He tried not to frown as the warmth left him, but then John’s hand was back, knuckles brushing against Sherlock’s.  He spread his fingers, thinking John wanted to hold hands, but was surprised when he only slid his knuckles between Sherlock’s.  He held onto John’s knuckles with his own and like that they walked out of the cemetery as though this was the most natural thing in the world, this half hand holding.
“Sherlock,” he finally got his husband to turn a bit, looking at him, “He’s not going to follow your life story exactly.  Besides, there’s a difference between his upbringing and yours.”
“Is the person supposed to return the Kulaso-whatever?”
“I killed someone.”
John blinked, “Oh, okay.  What did you mean by ‘we’re eating off the same plate, so I might as well try this?’”
“Right hand, got it.”  He held it out in front of him as though to remind himself which one it was.
They were more like exhales of breath than words.
“You couldn’t think of any other way, any way at all, that could have been a better route than this one?  Like, I don’t know, telling me?”
That was to be expected, Sherlock supposed, today was the third anniversary of his supposed death, after all.  He leant forward and told the cabbie the new address.  He grumbled a bit, but changed lanes to go in the direction he needed to.  As he settled back into his seat, staring out at the familiar buildings as they passed, his phone, still held tightly in his hand, vibrated again.  He sighed.  What more could Mycroft possibly tell him now?
“You okay?”  John’s eyes never left his and Sherlock swallowed heavily.  Was he okay with this.  He swooped down, leaving a quick kiss on John’s lips as a reply before settling back on the couch again, his food completely forgotten and growing colder by the minute now.  John picked his own back up again and turned so he could lean his back again Sherlock’s side.  Sherlock lifted his arm to let John under it, and let his fingers run down John ‘s right arm, rubbing circles in to his elbow.  Now there was no chance for either of them to concentrate on what was playing on the television, so lost in the heat of one another that it was like everything else had simply disappeared.
Sherlock frowned, looking at him, “What do you mean by that?  What exactly does that change?”
To say that John had a hangover the morning after Christmas would have been an understatement.  It felt as though someone was going at his brain with a jackhammer.  He groaned and rolled over, keeping his eyes shut.  He knew what just a sliver of light could do to him if he dared peek.  He forgot about that for a moment when he heard a returned groan from the other side of the bed.  His eyes shot open and he stared at a familiar, messy head of dark, curled hair on the pillow next to him.  He blinked, rubbing at his eyes and rolled over to look at the rest of the room.  He was in Sherlock’s bedroom and Sherlock was in bed with him.  When had this happened?  What had happened between them?  Where- no.  The most important question was: Wasn’t Sherlock dead?
“You’re different.”  Sherlock stopped at the words, “And I’m not sure I understand this new you.”
John smiled and shook his head, “It better not be a weird type of new.”
John threw himself at Sherlock, pulling at him to keep him in the room, “Hurry up and just do it or Mrs. Hudson will be the first one back.”
“I merely learned this information earlier today when researching this restaurant.  I’ll delete it later, don’t worry.”  He turned to ask for a table for two and they were led to the main room, menus set on both sides of the table.
“Yes.”
John chuckled and shook his head, picking up his menu.
“For what?  I don’t deserve thanks.”
John shifted and groaned, setting his feet down on the floor.  The groan turned into an embarrassed whine when he realized he was sleeping in his best friend’s bed in nothing but his pants.  Sherlock, sensing he needed some space now, moved toward the door, grabbing his blue dressing gown from where it had been hanging up for all those years.  He threw it on and it was as if the man had never left.
“…bless you?”
“Where’s the fun in telling you, Mr. Watson?”  Sherlock smirked, pocketing the device.
“Eat.  You haven’t eaten yet.”
“Huh?”  John asked, rubbing at his eyes again and wondering if he misheard.
“Sher-“ was the only thing he managed to get out before he found himself bubbling and crying, drunken tears running down his face.  He knew he would be ashamed of himself later and that this could be a hallucination brought on by the alcohol, but at this moment he could bring himself to care a bit.  He pried his arm loose from the man’s hold and pulled him close, sobbing into the black coat.  He felt the taller man awkwardly pat his back.  After that, it was all a blur.  He remembered lashing out, pain lancing through his arm as he dealt a quick blow from a wrong angle, but he remembered the satisfaction he got at the same time as his knuckles connected with Sherlock’s cheekbone.  After that was yelling, all one sided.  He was pretty sure Sherlock had just taken it, standing there looking meek.  And then John had practically collapsed and Sherlock had had to drag him to a bed.
“Deduce it.  You still do that, don’t you?” John snapped back and was gone.
“Never even heard of it.”
“Sherlock?”
“If you ever see me drinking like this again, you have permission to hit me,” John slurred before jumping up, moving into the kitchen.  He pulled on drawers and opened cabinets until almost every one was open until he finally found what he had been looking for.  He held it up in triumph and Sherlock stared at the black rock held proudly in John’s hands.  Coal, from one of his upcoming experiments.  His mind arrived at the conclusion before John had even brought the coal back down.
It was Sherlock’s bed, he realized, rolling over onto his chest and immediately regretting his decision as his stomached turned in retaliation.  He had sat up and immediately a waste container had been shoved into his hands not moments before his stomach heaved and he spent the next few minutes emptying it into the bin until he was just dry heaving, tears still running down his face, but this time from the throwing up.  A hand was on his back, warm and comforting, rubbing circles into his skin through his jumper and shirt.  When the heaving was finally over and he could finally come up for some fresh air, a tissue was handed to him and he wiped off his mouth, spitting into the bin one last time before he released his hold on the container and let Sherlock take it away.
“Well that jumper’s ruined,” he sighed, falling backward onto the bed again.
“I was looking over other types of foods we could try out, we can only eat Chinese takeaway so much, and came across this place.  It’s merely coincidence that the case happened to end nearby.”  Of course it did.  John just barely managed to stop himself from rolling his eyes.  “And then I came across something I wanted to try.”
“Can I at least know the name of the place?”
Sherlock just hoped that it was Sally’s car they were currently snogging each other senseless on.  She’s have to burn the thing if she ever wanted to forget this image.
“Yes you do.  Now eat.”
Sherlock twirled with a snarl, snatching up his plate before John could move it again, along with a pair of chopsticks, “I never asked you to.”
Instead of responding, the younger man turned around and walked back to the kitchen, where he quietly settled back into his experiment.  When dinner time came around, Sherlock hadn’t returned to be by John, so engrossed in his experiments that he didn’t even hear John ask if he wanted any food.  So, without another word, John left the flat, completely quiet from Sherlock’s perspective.
John threw back his head and laughed.
“And here we are.”
“So, Chinese?  Thai?”  John looked up at him with a smile, “What do you feel like tonight?  I could call it in and we could stop at it on the way back home.”
“A Kulaso, remember?  You can decline it.”
That got a small smile to quirk at the edge of John’s mouth, “Yeah, thanks.  Didn’t take you as the kind of person to know what foods to take after a night of drinking.”
John chewed on his bottom lip, mulling his thoughts over, “You can make it up to me.”  That perked Sherlock up immediately and he stared at John like an expectant puppy.  “Buy me lunch?”
“I knew there was a chance of you finding out through this, so I figured this was my way of telling you.”
Something was definitely going weird.  Sherlock Holmes was getting flustered.  He licked his lips and reached for more food.  They fell back into a comfortable silence eating away at the food.  As they were nearing the end – Sherlock sure could eat when he wanted to, John decided – John wavered.
john scooted closer to sherlock, resting his head on his chest, drawing light patterns on the pale chest. "that i finally found the one." he looked up at sherlock. sherlock smiled, kissing john's forehead.
sherlock looked at john. "what d'you mean?"
john shrugged. "i don't know. it's home here and i know i'll find better work somewhere else, but i feel like i'm glued to this place. ya know?"
sherlock threw his book bag off to the side and took a seat on john's bed, watching the rugby captain take a seat next to him.
Sherlock went to the stairs where John set their bags, taking theirs and leaving Ben’s before heading upstairs. He walked into his old bedroom, setting the bags down on the neatly made bed, taking a seat on the edge.
“Sherlock, it’s alright. You need to tell her.”
“I like Henry.”
"it's the new year." john said with a smile. "we fucked into the new year."
sherlock chuckled. "good thing i'm not a killer." he went over to john's desk and pulled out the chair, sitting in it, putting quite some distance between them.
sherlock hummed, rubbing his fingertips over the fabric of the boy's shirt. "and these? oh god these just are sinful. absolutely sinful." he lowered himself, rubbing the underside of the boy's thighs.
“sherlock!” john squeaked, coming all over shelrock’s fist. he bit his hand as sherlock continued to thrust into him, looking at them in the mirror again.
"i suppose."
“Alright, I’ll show Ben around the place. Show him where the cookie stash is.” Harold held Ben close, starting to walk through the house.
Sherlock smiled and took Ben from his father. “What do you have there?”
"you're disgusting." he told himself as he dug through his suit case, pulling out a fresh pair of boxers and a pair of his sweatpants. "absolutely disgusting." he tossed his towel on his desk chair, changing then getting into bed, shoving his face into his pillow and letting out a frustrated yell.
“Very much so.” John gave Sherlock’s hand a squeeze. “Your parents will love him. Your mum has always talked about being a grandmother, she’ll be ecstatic.”
“He could just remain nameless.”
sherlock felt his ears get hot. he looked down at his glass of water only having enough sense to say, "sorry."
"c'mon. don't be shy." john wrapped his arms around sherlock's neck. "your prick is already in me, i think we know each other enough."
"oh, god." sherlock almost collapsed onto john, but held himself up.
sherlock smiled. "senior year was great."
"you're doing better." sherlock said to john as he handed him his water, kneeling by his feet.
there was a moment of relief when the hot water hit shelrock's chest, running down his nude body. instead of relaxing, the thoughts of john came flooding into sherlock's mind. the memories of them down at the river after working on the watson's farm, hot and sweaty the temperature breaking records. they had gotten out of sherlock's truck and went their normal path down to the section of the river on the watson's property. john had started undressing first, tossing his boxers to the side before diving in off the dock. sherlock was stuck on the side, watching his friend break the surface of the water, smiling widely at him, telling him to jump in. tightness in sherlock's jeans started to distract him as he watched his friend try to persuade him to jump in.
“Hey, love,” John said, his voice calm and happy. “Did you talk to your mum?”
"any hopes for the new year?"
this was all too good to be true. sherlock didn't think this was going to last long. it was probably going to end after they both went back to school when john realizes how much he misses james. that was the worst part of john. he could never really let go. he always went back to the same thing that made him unhappy, trying to find happiness with it again. it hurt sherlock just to think about it, but it was most likely going to happen. all sherlock could do now is enjoy the moment. enjoy the thing he's always wanted, but knew he couldn't have.
sherlock scoffed, turning back to the desk and started to collect his things, putting his notes and text book back into his bag.
“What a cutie,” Harold said as he placed an arm around his wife, smiling at his grandson. “I’m your gramps. I’m gonna give you sweets when you’re not supposed to have them.”
“Papers went through last month,” John said. “He’s your grandson.” he looked up at Sherlock and smiled, “And our son.”
Joan woke up in a sweat. She sat up, kept her breathing quiet, careful of waking up the sleeping woman next to her. Joan took the time to calm herself down before getting out of bed. She pulled on her dressing robe, slipped on her slippers and left the bedroom as quiet as possible, heading upstairs.
sherlock lay again, looking at john.
“Maybe.”
"and i bet that person is me, correct?"
"i don't know what i'm doing. i'm not good at this."
john smirked, satisfied with himself as he stood. he pulled his shorts back on, looking at himself proudly in the mirror before walking into the living room and sitting on the couch, watching out the window for sherlock.
"then let's get our asses down there." he grabbed john's wrists, pulling him off the bed. when he leaned over to get his phone, sherlock pulled him away. "leave it." he said then pushed the laughing john out of his bedroom.
they went down to the kitchen and started making their hot chocolate. as sherlock mixed the milk with the powder, john went through his parents 'adult' cabinet. "vodka good?" he asked his friend.
"no, it's not!" he sat up.
"it's alright."
sherlock rolled his eyes. he wish john would just shut up about james. he was a dick that didn't deserve john. but john loved him and his heart is too big to realize that his boyfriend is a douche. so sherlock is forced to put up with it.
sherlock looked at john again. he was wearing a light blue sweater with a partial turtle neck and it looked absolutely sublime on him. sholto must've bought it for him. john was a jobless college student. he definitely couldn't buy new clothes.
Sherlock walked to the rocking chair that sat in the corner, taking a seat as he rocked back and forth softly, watching his son’s eyes flutter close, falling asleep shortly after. Sherlock stayed in the position, knowing if he put his son back in his crib he would just wake up again. As he rocked, he thought about how his parents would react on Friday when they meet their grandson Sherlock never told them about.
"sherlock, get the pie from the oven, will you?" mrs. holmes asked her son as she carried the ham out to the dining room.
“It’ll be fine.” John flashed Sherlock a smile. “They’ll love him.”
sherlock pulled back, thrusting back into john, creating a slow, teasing rhythm which had john on the edge, but he knew sherlock was nervous.
sherlock gave a small nod, his hands settling on  john's bare thighs that the tiny shorts the rugby captain wore never covered.
“What’d she say?”
after sherlock had dropped the lunch he had got his father off with him, he made his way to john's house after, receiving the text asking if he could come over. his stomach was turning as he drove to his friends house, not ready to spend time alone with him again, but he was a friend. so sherlock was entitled to it. he pulled into the drive way, sitting in his car for a few minutes before forcing himself to get out and go into what was pretty much his second childhood home. the house was about as big as his own, big and white, but the watson's didn't have a wrap around porch like his home did. he walked up the steps then to the front door, letting himself in.
new year's eve, sherlock went to his grandparents house with his parents, going home after because he didn't feel like staying the night there and he wanted to spend time with john. his parents were only staying because there was supposed to be snow over night and they were supposed to get a foot or two. when sherlock left, the snow had started, but it didn't bother him. it's not like he hasn't driven in it before. his grandparents lived in the neighboring town, so on his way home he stopped and picked up some supplies for tonight.
“It is my body and I have a medical degree, so when I say it is time to go to the hospital, we will go to the hospital.”
"you've been hiding a treasure, sherlock." john lowered himself down the body until his chin bumped the head of the leaking cock, leaving a spot on his chin that john didn't care about. all he cared about was getting sherlock to shove his prick up his arse if he was even ready for it.
Sherlock nodded. “Would you like to hold him?” he asked his mother.
"but have you really ever done anything sexual?"
sherlock lay next to him. "i didn't expect you to give me one."
Joan chuckled, giving the detective a playful hit. “Don’t be a tit right now.”
sherlock laughed, pulling his shorts back on before sitting next to the boy. “next week, same time?”
Sylvia turned to the couple, tears streaming down her cheeks and a smile resting on her face. “He’s really our grandson?”
Joan looked up at Sherlock. “Sounds better than Watson.”
it wasn't until quarter after noon when john showed up. he saw sherlock sitting at the booth and went to him, removing his coat then sitting in the booth, looking at his friend with a smile. "sorry. james and i got into a fight."
Sherlock stepped into the house with Ben in his arms. “Where are they?”
sherlock laughed, tossing the cloth, aiming it at his laundry hamper. "great way to start a new year, if you ask me." sherlock got up to turn his bedroom light off.
Joan chuckled, giving her fiancee a soft kiss.
Sherlock smiled. “He will be nothing like Mark, I promise you.”
john pulled away from the kiss, his mouth falling open and a moan escaping as sherlock thrusted into him quicker. "harder," john breathed.
"fuck you're so open." sherlock gasped as his cock slipped into the wet heat. "how long were you at it, hmmm?" he adjusted himself, thrusting up into the doctor with a force that almost made john topple over.
"floor." he said sternly.
"damn right it does." mr. holmes said before he sat down again.
Joan chuckled, “He needs a name, Sherlock.”
that's your problem for choosing the same school your boyfriend goes to. sherlock even told him not to, but john insisted that he really wanted to and not because it's where james went. "did you get in?" sherlock asked. "that's a private university."
"please, sherlock." john panted.
john blushed. "i needed it."
“Yea, we’re fine. Great, actually. We want to come down and visit for a few days, get out of the city for a bit.”
john nodded. "god, yes."
"no. i've got bigger plans with my life then working on the farm." shelrock's mind flipped back to thinking about his crush on his friend across from him. "how 'bout you?"
The nurse brought over their son, passing him over to Joan.
"your parents don't drink vodka." sherlock looked over at the blond who sat on the floor in front of a cupboard.
She sniffled and nodded, taking the boy from her son. “How old?”
“John works a half day Friday, so we’ll leave when he finishes up.”
sherlock pulled away, causing the blond to frown. "what's wrong?" john asked.
john pushed back into the hands, rubbing against the crotch of the man underneath him, earning a soft whine and a jerk of the hips. the rugby captain pulled away from the kiss, pushing sherlock's chin back with his thumb and kissing the pale neck. he nipped at the skin, earning a soft whine.
“Holmes?”
sherlock shrugged then set the bag down on his desk. "it's nothing." the soft hand pressed against his cheek and his eyes met with the blue ones of his boyfriend.
sherlock knew it wasn't right. they were both a bit tipsy and john was in a relationship. a committed one too.
“So glad you’re here. Where’s my son? Pouting in the car?” She let go of John, looking over his shoulder at their car.
"you never said bye to me when you left for school." john said, pulling the buried hatchet out of the ground.
Joan picked up her book from the small table next to her chair, “You do that.”
"what?" sherlock asked.
“Because he is going to have an amazing mum, who will love him unconditionally, teach him right from wrong and of course, he’ll have you too.”
“I’m out of ideas then.”
"no," sherlock turned red, looking down at his feet. "i really should be going."
"up," sherlock said, gesturing for john to get up.
john laughed softly. "mom made fudge and ginger snaps."
john pulled off, replacing his mouth with his hand. his other hand fell to his crotch, taking ahold of his neglected cock and pumping it, matching the rhythm of how he was doing it to sherlock. he quickened the pace of his bouncing, feeling the toy brush against his prostate and he moaned. "take a picture. take as many as you want."
sherlock looked over at his father who was sitting at the end of the table. his father smiled at him before telling him to pay attention because everything was being passed around.
"hey, john. sorry if i'm bothering you, i mean obviously i am bothering you cause you clearly have homework to do but..," sherlock cleared his thoat again, "you forgot this.. in my flat and i- i uh thought you'd want it back since it yours. ya know?" he asked then let out and awkward chuckle, scratching the back of his neck as he handed the bag over to john.
the hands moved from his thighs and to his hips, pushing them into the floor. in a flash second sherlock was all the way back up john's body, his breath hot in his ear. "greedy little boys don't get what they want," he growled. "they get what they deserve."
"it was just lunch, james!" john shouted into the phone.
“C’mon, let’s get to bed.” Sherlock took Joan’s hand in hers, leading them downstairs and to their room.
john shook his head. "not one bit."
john chuckled softly, looking up at the detective. "i know, love." he cupped the brunet's cheek, "but i am a cock slut, so i'll let that one slide."
"we're supposed to be studying," sherlock stopped spinning to look at the blond that sat on the bed, glued to his phone.
"what can i get ya john?" the waiter, henry asked.
john laughed and took the bottle back, screwing the cap back onto it before putting it all the way in the back of the cupboard where it belonged. "some whiskey?" he asked his friend, looking at the labels of the bottles.
"just relax." john lowered himself onto his knees, his carpet digging into his soft skin, but it didn't matter. "i'm going to take care of you." john pulled down the trousers of his friend completely off, along with the pants and tossing them to the side.
sherlock gave him a sympathetic look and nodded once. john wiped his face and nodded. he looked down at his phone as it went off, seeing that sherlock had sent a text.
John took the small hand gently, kissing it multiple times, causing the boy to giggle, causing the smile on John’s face to grow bigger.
john whined, bucking his hips up as sherlock continued to thrust the toy into him.
once the dinner plates were cleared, mrs. holmes and mrs. watson brought out the numerous deserts they had made. there was pie, peanut butter balls, peanut butter fudge, assortment of cookies. anything you craved was on the table.
"perhaps." sherlock said then pecked john's lips. "it's coming down out there. might get snowed in."
"sorry doesn't work, sherlock!" john sighed, calming himself before reaching across the table and choking out his friend. "it was a real dick of a move. especially ignoring me every time i brought it up."
Sherlock stood, pulling John to him. “I love you.”
sherlock sat in the desk chair that belonged to the rugby captain, looking over his notes as he spun left and right in the chair.
John pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s temple. “No need to thank me, this is what I signed up for. Marrying a mad man.”
sherlock stared at the screen of his phone as he mushed his meatloaf with his fork.
"shit," sherlock groaned as he used all his force to stay angled in that one spot, going as hard and quick as his body would let him. "touch yourself."
“Love, come on.”
Joan smiled, placing her hands over Sherlock’s. “And what if your calculations are wrong?”
"i'll have coffee." john gave henry a smile. "are you two ready to order?"
a moan escaped john's lips. "please!"
"yes! i was traumatized! all i could think about was his wrinkly old, hairy balls for the rest of my childhood."
Joan set the bee down and wiped her face. “Hey.”
sherlock blushed. "yes, i suppose it is."
sherlock laughed softly, kissing john's chest before pulling out. "a bit, yeah." he pecked john's lips before getting up. he walked out, going to the bathroom and tossing the condom before getting a wash cloth and wetting it some. he walked back to his bedroom, sitting on the edge of his bed and wiping john's stomach clean.
“Oh, you wanna see your dad, hmmm?” Sylvia asked playfully, passing him to Sherlock.
sherlock gave a nod. "as a matter of fact, yes."
“Joan?” Sherlock asked from the doorway.
“That would be highly impossible because I am never wrong.”
“I love him, but we are not naming our son after our landlord.”
sherlock walked over to him, taking the bottle. he brought it to his nose and pulled it away, instantly smelling it. "no, no." he gave it to john. "put it back. we're not drinking that."
“Just like you until you pulled on the table runner,” Harold said as he sat at the table.
“You got him?” Sherlock asked his father.
greg sat in the kitchen, reading through papers before he got startled by sherlock's screaming.
“How do we know for sure? Last time I checked, Mark was the one who impregnated me.”
greg sighed and set the papers down, knowing that sherlock was just overreacting. he stepped into sherlock's room, watching him hunched over the clean laundry on his bed. "what's the matt-" he cut himself off as he watched sherlock holding something bright pink. "what the hell is that?" he asked as he stepped over to sherlock.
"sit down!" john shouted, using his captain voice that scared the poor, helpless brunet.
john giggled and smirked, pulling a long, slow tug, admiring the way sherlock's face looked and the way he moaned his name. "you're cock is so perfect," john hummed, "nice and long. not too thick, but just enough for me. i want you to stuff this perfect cock up my ass. i want you to fuck me, sherlock." his thumb pressed to the tip of his cock and sherlock thrusted into his hand some. "can you do that for me? can you fuck me?"
sherlock cleared his throat, pulling the sleeves up on his jacket. "i was thinking we could start with squats with the kettlebell. then see what to do from there."
"you were going seventy. speed limit is fifty five. license and registration." he stood at the window, watching his nephew take his lisence out of his wallet.
john’s mouth fell open, scratching at the floor as he watched sherlock over top of him, watching his cock slip right into him. “fuck, fuck, fuck,” he panted.
“What are you calling for? You and John alright?”
"c'mon then." sherlock took john's hand, pulling away and turning to the steps.
“Okay, we’re going. Let’s go.” Sherlock hurried to her fiancee.
“And that is fine.” Joan closed her eyes, taking a deep breath as the pain became more intense. “We will go when is time. It is currently not time at the moment.”
"so this is just pay back?" sherlock scoffed, shaking his head as he got up. "i never thought you could be this low." sherlock walked to the front door, pulling his shoes on as anger started boiling inside him. he was viewed as some tool to john apparently. showed how much he cared.
“Well?”
When they were done with the starters, finally the waitress brought over the main dish and John had to stop and stare at it in awe for a moment.  He had seen others eating it in the restaurant, had seen their order, but it still did not prepare him for seeing the whole thing.  It looked delicious, for one thing, and how on earth were you supposed to eat with just your hand, because this looked a lot messier than the starter had been, already rolled up for them.  John was just glad he had clipped his nails last night, because this was sure to be a messy meal.  Which meant that it would be messy for Sherlock as well.  A smirk curled his lips.
Sherlock stared back, blinking slowly at him.  He wasn’t sure how long they stared at the other, but it was Sherlock who finally broke it by leaning away, fingers working at the buttons on his dress shirt.  When Sherlock was in his pants, he slipped into his usual pajamas and moved to the other side of the bed, sliding under the sheets.  He knew Sherlock was facing away from him, so he didn’t turn to face the man.  It was silent, but he knew the other man wasn’t sleeping.  The spaces between his breaths were too short and uneven.  Sherlock was nervous.  John smiled.  Maybe a bit more of the man had rubbed off on him than he had realized.
“There was nothing you could have done.”
Sinking to his knees behind John, not caring if his knees were currently marinating in mud, he pressed against John’s back.  The doctor melted back into him, head leaning into his shoulder.  His cheeks were wet and Sherlock reached up to brush away the stubborn tears.  John’s eyes closed and his chest shuddered as he tried to squeeze a breath into his tightening lungs.
There was a hand, sturdy, on his wrist, and he turned to find himself looking at a chest.  It was clothed in dark coat and he had to tilt his head back to actually find the face that belonged to the chest.  Silver eyes stared back at him.  Disappointed, sad, silver eyes if he could decipher them correctly in his state.  These were the eyes that haunted him, stared at him from the darkness behind his eyelids, dipping into his dreams that were usually filled with explosions and sand, filling the desert with silver and red.  But now they were bright, alive.  John couldn’t speak any of the words in his throat, finding himself choking on his own tongue.
“Just because I said that when we first met, mind you, does not mean that my mind can’t change over the course of five years.  Now if you’ll please let go of my arm.  I wish to be somewhere on my own to-“
“No,” was all he said, quickly getting up to disappear into his bedroom for the rest of the day.
“I’ll have to remember to thank Santa for the great Christmas gift this year.  He’s been slacking off the past 30 odd years or so.”
“It depends on the food you want, vegetarian or meat.  Plus, some have dessert or tea with the meal.”  John stared back at the options while Sherlock got out his phone, fiddling with the buttons.
And, just like that, John was out like a light.
“But what if he turns out like you?”  Sherlock suddenly asked and John shoved him away with a fake, offended gasp, which turned into a giggle when he saw the smile on Sherlock’s face.
